 union , businesses battle over secret-ballot alternative <sec> bill would let employees openly sign a card demanding a union .  if a majority sign , company would have 90 days to negotiate .  current method of deciding whether to organize -- secret ballot -- would still be option .  union workers give congress estimated 1.5 million signatures backing bil .
 italy minister : chemical weapons 'tragic mistake ' <sec> italian finance minister fabrizio saccomanni told cnn that italy `` firmly '' condemns the use of chemical weapons .  saccomanni 's comments come as members of u.s. congress are due to debate support for military action .  u.s. president barack obama says he has `` high confidence '' that the regime is to blame for the use of chemical weapons .  saccomanni also said he hoped the fragile coalition government did not fal .
 new sanctions could 'shatter western unity ' on iran , senator says <sec> new : sen. robert menendez cites iranian missile launch plan in calling for new sanctions .  new : administration officials testify that now 's not the time .  administration worries sanctions bill could derail historic iran nuclear deal .  secretary of state john kerry has pleaded for time to work through the dea .
 second bomb blast in 24 hours hits colombo <sec> suicide bomber strikes in colombo , injuring two and damaging store .  second blast in the capital in 24 hours following capture of rebel capital .  president mahinda rajapaksa calls on rebels to lay down arm .
 toddler 's death linked to overdose of blood thinner <sec> 23-month-old almariah duque died wednesday .  she had a transplant of her small intestine , pancreas and liver .  the hospital says an overdose of heparin may have contributed to her death .  heparin is routinely used as an anticoagulan .
 wife : rep. jesse jackson jr. getting treatment but 'still very depressed ' <sec> rep. jesse jackson jr. has n't been at work on capitol hill since may .  his office had announced he 's at the mayo clinic for depression and gi issues .  his wife tells a newspaper her husband collapsed and had `` debilitating '' depression .  `` my husband has his good days and bad days , '' she says after a recent visi .
 top issues : energy and environment <sec> worst u.s. oil spill heightens debate over ways to feed nation 's energy needs .  new : senate shelves slimmed-down energy bill , blaming gop opposition .  new : senator says sen. harry reid rushed bill through without trying to win gop suppor .
 'bourne ' stunt actor shares his trade secrets <sec> action actor joey ansah , who plays desh in `` the bourne ultimatum '' talks stunts .  the martial arts master on how they achieved the film 's famous fight .  ansah on his on-screen opponent matt damon : `` he is very rough and ready '' .  video : ansah demonstrates the secrets of a great on-screen figh .
 police : father opens fire at roller rink during child 's birthday party <sec> new : authorities say tan do and his wife were hosting the party .  new : neither of the couple 's children were hurt .  new : about 30 people were attending the part .
 study : boston police target blacks disproportionately <sec> in boston , 25 % of population is black , but 63 % of police stops involve blacks , study finds .  aclu report is based on study commissioned by boston police department .  findings come in the wake of troubling police incidents across the countr .
 chants against west punctuate khamenei 's defiant speech <sec> supreme leader sermonizes about dangers of division and disunity .  khamenei : post-election turmoil the work of the united states , israel , britain .  ayatollah endorses official results showing mahmoud ahmadinejad was re-elected .  crowd repeatedly interrupts him to chant `` death to israel '' and `` death to america .
 lawyers to ask house arrest for priest while awaiting sentencing <sec> monsignor william lynn is to be sentenced in august .  until then , his lawyers are expected to ask that he be placed under house arrest .  lynn faces up to seven years in prison .  his lawyer has criticized the decision not to let lynn remain free on bond until sentencin .
 search intensifies for new jersey man missing in israel <sec> new : the missing man 's brother says the family are `` praying hard '' .  aaron sofer disappeared while hiking in the jerusalem forest .  police are searching in the forest and have questioned a friend who last saw sofer .  sofer , 23 , is a yeshiva student studying in israe .
 haitian orphans rushed to new homes abroad <sec> u.s. , dutch officials slash red tape to expedite haitian orphan adoptions .  six adopted haitian children arrived in miami tonight , met by their adoptive parents .  dutch ministry of foreign affairs charters plane to pick up about 100 kids monday .  watch `` haiti how you can help '' a special larry king live , tonight 8 p.m. e .
 florida community reels after mom kills son , daughter , self <sec> mom killed son , daughter in apparent double murder-suicide , according to reports .  grief counselors visit school where alex , jacqueline berman were musicians .  father calls 911 and tells dispatcher , `` my ex-wife said she was going to harm the kids '' .  family had gone through divorce , experienced financial problems , court documents sa .
 film released of jfk arrival in dallas <sec> boy , 15 , took color 8mm film of kennedy 's arrival at airport in dallas , texas .  president and mrs. kennedy can be seen walking through crowd on november 22 , 1963 .  film was donated to sixth floor museum in dallas by filmmaker , now 6 .
 report : va 's shinseki says he 's staying amid veterans controversy <sec> new : veterans affairs secretary says he will stay if the president still wants him .  new : shinseki tells wall street journal that he needs to have better communication with veterans .  white house : `` president remains confident in secretary shinseki 's ability to lead '' .  month-long investigation shows veterans have died awaiting care at va hospital .
 australia raises terror alert level to 'high ' <sec> australia increases terror alert level for first time in 11 years .  the new rating of `` high '' means a terrorist attack `` is likely '' .  however , pm says no specific threat has been mad .
 prescription drug deaths : two stories <sec> emily jackson died at 18 after drinking , then taking a prescription pain pill .  steve rummler battled pain for years before become addicted to painkillers .  after kicking the addiction , rummler relapsed and died in 2011 .  experts say a better dialogue among doctors , patients and pharmacies is neede .
 setback for pakistani teen facing blasphemy charges <sec> witnesses initially said an imam framed a teen girl accused of burning quran pages .  now , three witnesses have recanted those statements made to police .  based partly on those statements , police determined the teen is innocent .  she still faces charges in juvenile cour .
 congress approves president bush 's spy bill <sec> secret court ruling prompted push for updating the program .  president bush had urged the house to pass the bill without delay .  measure expands government 's power to eavesdrop on foreign suspect .
 san diego mayor out of rehab , but locked out of office <sec> bob filner is believed to be back in the city he governs after a stint in rehab .  the mayor said he would start a two-week program on august 5 but started earlier .  a growing tide of women are making sexual harassment allegations against him .  reports : mayor 's chief of staff changed his office locks to preserve potential evidenc .
 literature in a land with no alphabet <sec> somaliland hosts one of the most anticipated book fair in east africa .  the literary tradition is new . .  somililand did n't have a standard alphabet until 1972 .  now , somali authors are hoping to nurture a new generation of author .
 obama attorneys : cross atop california war memorial is 'appropriate ' <sec> the obama administration says it will fight attempts to remove a cross from a war memorial .  the cross sits atop a memorial on mount soledad in san diego .  it was erected in 1954 to honor korean war veterans .  it has been the subject of two decades of legal wranglin .
 cnn student news transcript - february 15 , 2013 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 will jonbenet ramsey court documents have any effect ? <sec> new documents in the jonbenet ramsey case were released friday .  a former lead investigator says they are important to the history of the case .  but the renewed attention does not mean new leads , he say .
 vets could get care outside va under bill passed by house <sec> proposal would allow veterans to use non-va medical facilities .  the plan would also end bonuses for va staff for two years .  the measure was approved unanimously , and a similar proposal is in senate legislatio .
 raid sparks question : is pakistan doing enough ? <sec> new : rep. king says elements in pakistan had to know of bin laden 's presence .  observers think pakistan is playing both sides of the fence .  pakistan has gotten billions in u.s. aid since 9/11 .  islamabad 's fear over indian influence motivates ties with militants , analysts sa .
 small drinks promise big energy , but experts say effects unclear <sec> 5-hour energy promises energy , alertness without jitters to fatigued americans .  each bottle contains caffeine , high doses of b vitamins , and `` energy blend '' .  expert : no research of how the ingredients react togethe .
 how to hide your data from internet snoops <sec> with reports of nsa snooping , web security has become a focus for many .  nsa whistleblower says encryption is an effective tool for protecting data .  many browsers , e-mail clients offer encrypted versions of messaging .  sometimes , it 's as easy as adding an `` s '' in your url bo .
 sydney-hobart race winner faces protest over alleged rule breach <sec> wild oats xi faces protest hearing on wednesday after allegedly breaking rules .  it was the first yacht home in rolex sydney to hobart race for fifth time in six years .  race committee alleges that 100-foot super maxi did not make required radio contact .  skipper mark richards rejects the accusation , which was also leveled at british entry ra .
 terror suspect has roots in pakistan , u.s . <sec> david headley appeared in court wednesday in connection with terror attacks in india .  he was born daood gilani , according to his half-brother .  gilani was the son of a prominent pakistani broadcaster , his half-brother said .  headley is accused of attending terrorism training camps and plotting attack .
 former florida gov . reubin askew dies at 85 <sec> `` he was mr . .  integrity , '' says mike vasilinda .  askew was a fervent opponent of segregation and supported busing .  he secured legislative approval to levy corporate income ta .
 la scala soprano : opera singers are athletes <sec> anita hartig recently made her debut at la scala in milan in the role of mimi in la boheme .  hartig 's rise began after she was recommended to director of vienna state opera .  latest in a long line of gifted romanian opera singers to perform internationally .  hartig : there are lots of times where i feel depressed or lonel .
 spain suffers worst drought <sec> spanish reservoirs on average half full after six dry months .  past six months are driest in spain in 70 years , when record-keeping began .  worst-hit areas are catalonia and central spain .  government building 60km pipeline to supply barcelon .
 european slowdown hits hong kong 's paper paupers <sec> 10,000 of hong kong 's poor depend on collecting scrap paper .  the slowdown in europe is hurting paper collectors like kong kit tam .  tam makes between $ 12 and $ 36 collecting scrap paper from trash .  the scrap business is a bellwether industry for rising or falling business cycle .
 new hampshire aftermath : cleaning up after the campaigns <sec> hundreds of campaign signs are left in new hampshire .  city workers are largely handling the cleanup .  'it 's a never-ending battle , ' a worker say .
 queen elizabeth vows continued service in speech to parliament <sec> queen elizabeth ii praises her people 's `` virtues of resilience , ingenuity and tolerance '' .  she spoke to both houses of parliament as she marks 60 years on the throne .  a stained glass window was presented to the monarch by parliament .  the diamond jubilee celebrations will culminate in jun .
 darfur crimes continue , sudan not cooperating with icc , official says <sec> the international criminal court 's chief prosecutor reported friday to the u.n. security council .  prosecutor luis moreno-ocampo says violence continues in darfur .  moreno-ocampo also highlighted sudanese president 's role in the situation .  international criminal court has issued arrest warrant for sudan 's presiden .
 opinion : should u.s. fear boko haram ? <sec> john campbell : islamist boko haram suspected in slaughter of nigerian students .  he says the nigeria-focused group opposes democracy , science , western education . .  if nigeria , u.s. unite in `` war on terror , '' the group is ripe to for al-qaeda ties .  campbell : nigeria pushes back hard at boko haram , but it does n't seem to be going awa .
 u.s. directly arming kurds in iraq <sec> the kurdish peshmerga is fighting isis militants in northern iraq .  arms shipments have come from the cia so far , officials said .  the obama administration is looking to possibly expand the transfer of weapon .
 unpublished jfk photos reveal private moments <sec> most of the 15,000 images of kennedy and family are unpublished .  white house photographer cecil stoughton kept most of his prints private .  stoughton 's family sold the massive collection to keya morgan in a december auction .  morgan gave cnn the first peek inside the boxes of jfk photo .
 iraqi official : blackwater staying on 'is bad news ' <sec> new : iraqi official : iraq 's investigation found that `` blackwater committed a crime '' .  iraqi government displeased contract was renewed , top adviser says .  blackwater guards killed 17 iraqis , including women and children , in september .  thousands of contractors provide security for u.s. diplomats , worker .
 judge : colorado same-sex marriage ban should n't stand <sec> colorado judge rules against his state 's same-sex marriage ban .  he says it violates gay and lesbians ' constitutional rights .  crabtree stays his own ruling pending appeal .
 music teacher 's shooting echoes other killings in washington suburb <sec> ruthanne lodato was shot to death when she answered a knock on her front door .  her home is a mile from where ronald kirby was shot to death in november .  nancy dunning 's 2003 unsolved shooting death happened just two miles away .  police release a sketch of a man they suspect might be lodato 's kille .
 four arrested in missing ar-15s case <sec> ar-15s were taken from a warehouse in shreveport , louisiana .  among four people arrested was one man who was a contract security guar .
 man 's lung ailment caused by fragment of fast food spoon <sec> north carolina resident had two years of coughing , vomiting , pain .  doctor peered in with an endoscope and spotted bit of spoon .  man assumes fragment was in something he ate or dran .
 dr. conrad murray hires new lawyer <sec> nareg gourjian joins ed chernoff and j. michael flanagan to defend the doctor .  he replaces lawyer joseph low , who is leaving the team ; the trial is to start march 24 .  murray is charged with involuntary manslaughter in michael jackson 's deat .
 how to raise wages -- and citizens <sec> eric liu : proposition would raise wages by $ 4 for many in seattle-area community .  he says the effort , organized by union group , is a model of citizen activism .  the tea party has showed how citizen organization can sway public policy , he says .  liu : surest way to address economic inequality is to start with political activis .
 iran blasts obama 's nuclear criticism <sec> iran criticizes obama for saying nuclear weapon development unacceptable .  parliamentary speaker says obama should apply campaign message of change .  u.s.-iran tensions high over tehran 's nuclear ambition .
 eastern air lines is back in the air <sec> revived eastern air lines will be based in miami .  it will start with charter flights and build to scheduled service .  airline went bankrupt in 1986 , but new group bought rights to the nam .
 anger over west 's disruption at mtv awards <sec> kanye west interrupted taylor swift 's vma acceptance speech .  celebs take to twitter and blogs to express outrage .  west is well-known for shocking behavior .  vma attendee : `` every time his name was mentioned , people booed .
 paralympic sailing : a tale of triumph and technology <sec> australian pair of fitzgibbon and tesch guaranteed sailing gold on final day .  paralympic basketball medalist tesch only took up sailing two years ago .  quadriplegic sailor fitzgibbon uses technology to be able to compet .
 messi reaches 50 goals in barca win <sec> two more goals from lionel messi saw barcelona defeat racing santander 2-0 .  messi 's double takes him to 50 goals in all competitions this season and seven this week .  barcelona 's victory means they trail leaders real madrid by 10 points in the primera liga .  third-placed valencia waste a two-goal lead and are held to a 2-2 draw by real mallorc .
 google 's quest to get more women in tech <sec> google is encouraging more women to enter male-dominated tech fields .  the company invited more women to its annual developers conference this year .  day care and scholarships are also being used to attract women engineer .
 interpol targets 55 suspects using social network sites for child sex abuse images <sec> suspects in 20 countries , including u.s. , use facebook and other social network sites .  interpol : the 55 suspects formed groups to show or distribute images of child sexual abuse .  facebook assists in the interpol investigation .  a number of the suspects have been arrested , interpol say .
 cult leader , ex-nazi schaefer dies in chile <sec> former nazi officer paul schaefer dies in chile of cardiopulmonary arrest .  schaefer died in prison hospital , where he was serving a 20-year sentence .  schaefer was convicted of sexually abusing children colonia dignidad commune .  some of schaefer 's crimes date to the 1970s and '80s during pinochet er .
 newborn survives 26 stab wounds <sec> a newborn indian baby found abandoned with 26 stab wounds has survived .  the baby boy also suffered a cracked skull and exposed intestines .  doctors said he was aged between one and two days .  babies are sometimes abandoned by unwed indian mother .
 guardiola extends barcelona contract <sec> pep guardiola signs one-year contract extension at barcelona .  barca have won back-to-back spanish titles .  guardiola won the european champions league in 2009 .  new deal takes guardiola through until end of june 201 .
 ukraine protest movement : at least 4 killed in clashes with police <sec> interior ministry says more than 70 people detained since midday sunday .  at least 4 people killed , says head of protest movement medical service .  interior ministry says 195 police officers have been injured , 84 hospitalized .  the clashes are an escalation of weeks of largely peaceful anti-government protest .
 prince william , duchess of cambridge 'delighted ' to be in canada <sec> prince william and catherine arrive in ottawa , the first stop on their tour .  it is the couple 's first official trip since their wedding in april .  prince william says it is a `` great privilege '' to be invited to canad .
 u.s. navy nurse wo n't force-feed guantanamo detainees <sec> u.s. military nurse reportedly refuses to take part in forced feedings .  pentagon official confirms `` recent instance '' .  detainee has been held at guantanamo bay since 200 .
 can hollywood take on cancer ? <sec> `` 50/50 '' is one of hollywood 's many cancer-themed films moviegoers did not rush to see .  critics praised the movie yet shunned similar ones that failed to give a sense of realness .  some cancer patients believe these movies do not accurately portray real-life cancer case .
 sister : mother who drove with children into ocean saw 'demons ' <sec> new : wilkerson 's bond is set at $ 1.2 million , public defender says .  ebony wilkerson 's sister called 911 asking for a well-being check .  wilkerson signed herself out of a hospital ; her sister worried she was n't well .  after being stopped by police , wilkerson drove into the atlantic with kids in ca .
