 egypt trial of al jazeera journalists adjourned to may 22 <sec> new : two lawyers quit the case , claim al jazeera wants to tarnish egypt 's image .  trial of al jazeera journalists on terrorism-related charges is adjourned to may 22 .  court told the prosecution wants defense lawyers to pay $ 169,000 to see evidence .  the defendants deny the charges against them , say they were doing their job .
 n.y. high school names same-sex couple as 'cutest ' in yearbook <sec> voted `` cutest couple '' at carmel high school : dylan meehan and bradley taylor .  for the school it `` has n't really been a big deal , '' says the principal .  `` we did n't get any calls until someone posted it online , '' the principal adds .  a posting on tumblr brought positive responses , says a friend of the coupl .
 thousands of chileans homeless after quake , mayor says <sec> new : tocopilla mayor : more than 1,200 homes flattened , shelters damaged .  dozens of workers freed from collapsed roadway tunnel , officials say .  chilean navy is moving heavy equipment into the area to help with rescue .  7.7 quake north of tocopilla happened at 12:40 p.m. ( 10:40 a.m . .  et .
 amanda knox 's parents hope acquittal is near in murder case <sec> knox is on trial in italy , accused of killing her british roommate , meredith kercher .  italian court refused defense request to re-evaluate evidence .  amanda knox 's parents hope that means she will be found not guilty of murde .
 16 brave and humorous signs on same-sex marriage <sec> rallies on same-sex marriage at the u.s. supreme court have drawn large crowds .  supporters and opponents of same-sex marriage have waved signs .  the creative signs display plenty of personalit .
 how the government can solve the housing crisis <sec> lerman , cherry : hundreds of thousands of foreclosed homes drag on housing market .  they say government should help families buy these properties ; ease rental market .  they say fixing up unused housing for homeownership would create construction jobs .  writers : upping homeownership would help families , invigorate economy and provide job .
 american hostage aided syria 's wounded <sec> american peter kassig , 26 , helped treat wounded syrians .  he served in the u.s. military in iraq but looked for a `` game changer '' after returning home .  his parents in indianapolis , indiana , confirmed he 'd been taken hostage .  kassig converted to islam while being held hostage , family say .
 syria peace stymied by 'outside forces , ' russia says <sec> ambassador susan rice says cease-fire is not holding , defends u.s. position .  at least 70 people were found dead in syria on tuesday , an opposition group says .  a sanctions group deplores sales of arms to syri .
 canadian warship to protect food from pirates off somalia <sec> canada to send 440-foot frigate to help aid reach ports safely .  mission must be authorized by somalia 's transitional government .  80 percent of u.n. 's food aid to somalia sent by ship .  heavily armed pirates frequently hijack cargo ships off horn of afric .
 suspect arrested in death of u.s. student in spain <sec> a judge has ordered the case sealed ; police do n't name the suspect .  the body of crispin scott , 20 , was found january 7 in a barcelona suburb .  the dartmouth student was in barcelona on a study-abroad progra .
 ski champion albrecht airlifted to hospital <sec> daniel albrecht is airlifted to hospital after a sickening accident at kitzbuehel .  super-combined world skiing champion was training for a world cup downhill .  swiss albrecht was airlifted to hospital after lengthy treatment on the slope .
 somali teen from minnesota reportedly killed in homeland <sec> 17-year-old who left minnesota to return to somalia feared killed in mogadishu .  group of somali men left state in 2008 , feared recruited by al qaeda-linked group .  somali justice advocacy center asks feds for help to get body returned for u.s. buria .
 meet the woman with 50 mustaches <sec> the movember foundation challenges men to grow mustaches in november to raise awareness for men 's health .  photographer s. van lokey was inspired to take her own `` hairied '' journey .  `` if someone ca n't recognize me , i have done my job , '' she say .
 manchester city closes in on premier league title <sec> manchester city moves to the top of the premier league .  city can clinch league title on sunday after 4-0 win over aston villa .  edin dzeko scores twice with stevan jovetic also on target .  city faces west ham on sunday in final gam .
 family walks the bridge from which tyler clementi leaped to his death <sec> in 2010 , a distraught tyler clementi , 18 , jumped from the george washington bridge .  his roommate had secretly streamed tyler 's sexual encounter with another man .  bridge event is culmination of chicago-to-new york walk by anti-bullying supporter .
 opinion : how mechanical problem could have downed flight 370 <sec> pilot les abend : evidence on flight 370 is consistent with a mechanical concern .  he says the plane might have been flying on autopilot in its final hours .  all explanations are speculative until the plane 's components are found , abend say .
 living with beijing 's 'air-pocalypse ' <sec> florcruz : on bad days in beijing , seeing , breathing is difficult .  rapid industrialization , explosive growth in cars contribute to china 's air pollution .  state-run media acknowledge china 's lead status as emitter of greenhouse gases .  health is the big casualt .
 'tammy ' : a dream comedy ? not for critics <sec> melissa mccarthy and ben falcone 's `` tammy '' was born from a dream .  the couple co-wrote and co-produced the comedy .  critics have n't found it funny ; one found it `` unconvincing to dull .
 kerry call exposed obama administration rift <sec> secretary of state john kerry 's call to sen. dianne feinstein exposed an obama administration rift on torture report .  the cia and state department sought to withhold the report , while the doj and wh have pushed for publishing .  the report was made public tuesday mornin .
 new orleans mayor quarantined in china for possible flu exposure <sec> passenger on mayor ray nagin 's plane has possible h1n1 symptoms .  nagin 's office : nagin , his wife and an associate are symptom-free but quarantined .  nagin was on economic development trip in china .  mayor is `` being treated with utmost courtesy by chinese officials , '' his office say .
 opinion : israel , kerry is your best friend <sec> jeremy ben-ami : john kerry used the word apartheid about israel , setting off a firestorm .  he says we need that passion devoted to policies to protect israel 's jewish democracy .  ben-ami : non-jews will outnumber jews , which will hurt israel without two-state solution .  he says the word apartheid has been used by israeli politicians : kerry is a friend to israe .
 hagel confirmed as u.s. defense secretary , bruised after political fight - cnnpolitics.com <sec> senate votes 58-41 to confirm former nebraska senator , a republican .  fight for cabinet post was deeply partisan , uphill battle for hagel .  obama says he will rely on hagel 's counsel on national security issues .  hagel pledges to work with congress ; will be sworn in on wednesda .
 'dallas ' casts lee majors as [ spoiler ] 's former flame <sec> lee majors has booked a two-episode guest spot on the second season of `` dallas '' .  he 'll play ken richards , an old flame of sue ellen 's .  majors recently had guest spots on `` raising hope , '' `` grey 's anatomy '' and `` csi : ny .
 electric cars : future of auto racing ? <sec> formula e races will be held in city centers rather than on race tracks to highlight practicality .  rio de janeiro is first to have confirmed its willingness to host an electric grand prix in 2014 .  the electric cars will be capable of speeds over 200km per hour and will seat one perso .
 two carriages of a passenger train fall into a river in china <sec> the fate of passengers and crew is not clear .  floods caused the bridge piers to collapse , forcing the train from its track .  the train was traveling from shaanxi to yunnan provinc .
 oscars 2008 : best foreign language film nominations <sec> a roundup of 2008 oscars best foreign film nominations .  nominated countries were : poland , russia , kazakhstan , israel and austria .  there was a strong political vein running through the nominated films this year .  veteran polish filmmaker andrzej wajda was previously awarded an oscar in 200 .
 woods off to solid start in quest to regain number one ranking <sec> tiger woods shoots three-under round in solid start to arnold palmer invitational .  woods can reclaim world no . .  1 ranking from rory mcilroy with victory in bay hill .  england 's justin rose out in front after shooting a seven-under round of 6 .
 charges in michael jackson 's death expected monday <sec> new : dr. conrad murray , lawyer cancel press conference about case in los angeles park .  murray 's lawyers say they do n't want to see client arrested publicly .  murray says he gave jackson anti-anxiety drugs , anesthetic to help him slee .
 10 little-known fields with great job opportunities <sec> u.s. news and world report does an annual `` best careers '' list .  this year 's list included 10 little-known jobs that have more opportunities .  the list includes positions like casting director and creative perfumist .  education required ranges from a bachelor degree to highly specialized trainin .
 swedish reporter shot dead in kabul <sec> new : colleague describes killed journalist nils horner as `` a legend '' .  gunmen kill the swedish radio correspondent in the afghan capital .  horner was shot near a lebanese restaurant in kabul .  police say the journalist had arrived in the city two days befor .
 in kenya mall , terror for those in hiding <sec> saturday 's attack on a kenyan mall left people scrambling for their lives amid chaos .  shoppers had to quickly hide and then wonder whether to run -- and when .  american sara head hid in a stairwell : `` we did n't want to go up or down '' .  20 people huddled for safety in a restroom , where `` every sound sounded scary .
 pentagon cancels deployment of 3,500 u.s. troops to iraq <sec> cancellation reflects improved conditions in iraq , official said .  iraqi elections wo n't delay scheduled withdrawals u.s. says , ambassador chris hill .  `` our plan is to draw down the troops as we 've said we 're going [ to ] do , '' says hill .  the united states plans to withdraw all its combat troops from iraq by augus .
 rescue operations end after iran quakes kill 250 <sec> new : iranian news agencies give different casualty figures .  new : one aftershock measured 4.4 magnitude , according to the usgs .  new : historic sites were damaged .  new : pope benedict xvi says his thoughts are with those affecte .
 bomber attacks mosque in indonesian police station <sec> the attack occurs in the city of cirebon .  scores are injured in the blast , police sa .
 can you start a successful business with $ 10 ? <sec> science teacher cephas nshimyumuremyi started his skincare company with just $ 10 .  he produces herbal soaps and jellies made of local medicinal plants .  the entrepreneur says you do n't need a lot of capital to start a busines .
 u.n. general assembly resolution calls crimean referendum invalid <sec> u.n. general assembly 's nonbinding resolution indicates russia 's isolation over crimea .  ex-prime minister yulia tymoshenko says she plans to run in ukraine 's may elections .  presidential elections are scheduled for may 25 .  the international monetary fund announces a bailout deal worth billions for ukrain .
 mcilroy : i was lonely in the u.s . <sec> rory mcilroy will return to the european tour as a full member next season .  northern irishman had played fulltime for his rookie year on pga tour in 2010 .  the 21-year-old says he misses being at home with his friends and family .  mcilroy is skipping this week 's singapore open , where ian poulter is defending champio .
 penn state rebuffs cnn request for records on 1998 sandusky investigation <sec> a penn state lawyer says cnn can not have the police report tied to a 1998 probe .  that investigation related to jerry sandusky 's alleged sexual misconduct with a boy .  it did n't lead to criminal charges , which is a reason info was n't provided , the lawyer says .  pennsylvania 's `` right-to-know '' law does n't apply to penn state , even if it gets state fund .
 south koreans pull off daring rescue of pirated ship <sec> the south korean navy rescued 21 sailors , killed eight pirates and captured five .  the freighter was on its way to sri lanka when it was seized by somali pirates .  south korea 's president praises the bold rescue operatio .
 bush , like most predecessors , holds tongue on successor <sec> former presidents regularly hold their tongue when asked about their successors .  `` i do n't think it does any good , '' george w. bush said when asked about obama .  jimmy carter has n't adhered to the rule and regularly critiques democrats and republicans .  dwight eisenhower is considered the gold standard for working with a successo .
 cnn fact check : comparing costs of iraq , libya missions <sec> president obama says libya operation cost less than two weeks of war in iraq .  crs : in 2008 , pentagon 's obligations in iraq reached average of $ 5.12 billion every two weeks .  pentagon , crs say cost of u.s. portion of 2011 military operation in libya was more than $ 1.6 billio .
 the tropical island that moves <sec> the 99-meter vessel wally was designed by super-yacht designers wally .  wally island is still in the design stage awaiting a buyer .  the deck contains a tropical garden , or can be converted to a tennis cour .
 shootings at pentagon , marine museum , recruiting station linked <sec> new : more shots fired overnight at national museum of marine corps , fbi says .  tests show same weapon was used in three earlier shootings .  no one injured in those earlier shootings .  an fbi task force is leading the investigatio .
 u.s. open : marin cilic crushes kei nishikori to win men 's title <sec> marin cilic defeats kei nishikori in new york to claim his first major .  cilic and nishikori were each playing in their first grand slam final .  a year ago cilic did n't play at the u.s. open as he served a drug ban .  nishikori was trying to become the first asian man to win a majo .
 6 things you should know about diwali <sec> diwali , also known as the festival of lights , began thursday .  the five-day holiday celebrates the triumph of good over evil .  people worldwide celebrate diwali with colorful displays of lights and firework .
 how the internet and silicon valley are changing china 's office politics <sec> office life in china typically dominated by complex power structures .  obeisance to authority comes from confucianism , says experts .  new generation and international companies changing office dynamics .  blue and white collar workers now expect more from their work lif .
 putin and obama 's funniest home videos ( opinion ) <sec> david rothkopf : it takes a real man , putin , to `` make moves '' on china leader 's wife at apec .  putin put shawl on her , and media went nuts because public is an adolescent boy , he says .  forget climate deal , isis , ebola , he says , when focus is on obama chewing gum .  rothkopf : these nonevents have increased in recent years , and we 're to blam .
 salah stars as egypt stay on course for world cup finals <sec> egypt score superb 4-2 win in zimbabwe in world cup qualifying .  highly rated mohamed salah scores hat-trick in win in harare .  pharaohs boast perfect record in second stage of african qualifying .  ivory coast take a firm grip on group c with 3-0 win in the gambi .
 gym shooter a classic mass murderer , experts say <sec> george sodini 's writings reveal typical characteristics of mass killers , experts say .  shooter shifted blame for self-induced problems onto others .  mass murderers feel violence is appropriate response , psychologist says .  attack was result of meticulous planning , not a spontaneous outburs .
 a quarter of a century of change : how poland and its pope made it look easy <sec> pope john paul ii was born in the polish town of wadowice .  he was recently canonized and the town has been reinvigorated .  many say that he helped support change in the country and the end of communism 25 years ag .
 libyan rebels report progress advancing toward tripoli <sec> new : rebels made headway thursday northward toward coastal cities near the capital .  new : rebel spokesman predicts fighters will reach the road leading to tripoli within days .  new : libyan embassy in washington reopens under tnc contro .
 'dating game killer ' extradited <sec> rodney alcala 's alleged victims include two 23-year-old new york women .  he is to be arraigned thursday .  the slayings occurred in the 1970s .  `` cold cases are not forgotten cases , '' district attorney say .
 suspected baby shooter 's mom , aunt , arrested <sec> new : mom , aunt accused of `` false statement or writings '' .  new : investigators in the case find a weapon , trying to determine if it 's linked to the shooting .  two teenagers , ages 17 and 15 , are accused of murder in the baby 's death .  sherry west demands `` a life for a life ; '' `` i had to watch my baby die and i want him to die .
 murdoch group pays hundreds of thousands in phone-hacking suits <sec> new : murdoch 's news group newspapers has now settled 59 of 60 cases .  celebrities and politicians sued news of the world 's publisher over phone hacking .  news of the world was shut down over the hacking scandal .  police , lawmakers and an independent inquiry are all probing the scanda .
 three dead , 42 trapped as heavy rains flood china mines <sec> 42 miners remain trapped in the two coal mines in southwestern china .  days of heavy rain caused a mine at niupeng in guizhou province to flood .  `` rain-saturated earth on the surface collapsed into a shaft '' at another pit in guangx .
 syrian minister vows to defend 'independence ' as deaths mount <sec> new : `` we will defend our sovereignty and independence , '' foreign minister moallem says .  new : four people are killed tuesday , an opposition network says .  aid workers not able to evacuate wounded and killed journalists in baba amr .  u.s. state department spokeswoman constitutional referendum as `` cynical .
 inmate 's teacher alleges rape , prison negligence <sec> u.s. judge says suit `` contains sufficient allegations '' against each state defendant . .  arizona columnist accuses the state of arguing `` she was in a prison , so what did she expect ? '' .  attorney general : `` our office was disappointed to see a misleading opinion piece .
 ten-man barcelona shocked by sociedad <sec> barcelona slump to first league defeat of the season losing 3-2 at real sociedad .  defeat ends unbeaten league run which saw tito vilanova 's side amass 55 points from possible 57 .  in serie a , paul pogba stars for juventus in 4-0 win over udinese ; second-place lazio draw at palerm .
 u.n. ambassador angelina jolie visits syrian refugees in jordan <sec> opposition reports helicopters dropping bombs on a village in homs .  jolie describes wounded children who are orphaned from the civil war .  more than 253,000 syrian refugees have fled their country , a u.n. spokesman says .  at least 130 people are killed in violence nationwide tuesday , opposition say .
 beckham stories strained relations with coulson , brooks testifies <sec> rebekah brooks calls first phone hacking arrests `` a huge story if nothing else '' .  brooks says she and andy coulson were good at keeping `` chinese wall '' between their papers .  brooks , coulson and five others are on trial facing phone hacking charges .  the defendants deny the charges against the .
 romney and the politics of pandering <sec> marty linsky : mitt romney drew attention to 2008 expectations for president obama .  inevitably , he says , obama could n't meet the high expectations his followers had .  romney in 2012 and obama in 2008 pandered to their audiences to gain votes , he says .  linsky : pandering is how you get elected ; leadership is about what you do in offic .
 nation divided over trayvon martin case ? <sec> ruben navarrette jr. : it 's a step forward to have the trayvon martin case go to court .  he says america seems divided into camps over george zimmerman 's guilt or innocence .  the case cries out for clarity and resolution , which can only come in court , he says .  navarrette : too many people have made up their minds , as they did in o.j . .  simpson cas .
 monkey army keeps chinese troops safe <sec> birds pose a hazard to chinese planes in the air .  monkeys are trained to remove bird 's nests from tree tops .  the monkeys leave a scent on tree branches , discouraging birds from returnin .
 katharine mcphee 's wedding details <sec> american idol alum katharine mcphee had second thoughts about veil .  she had her `` big , poofy dress '' changed to show off her favorite bits .  her husband nick cokas helped design her engagement rin .
