 'i like weed , and i 'm a good person ' <sec> colorado recently became the first state to open recreational pot stores . .  more than 55 % of americans say pot should be legalized nationwide , according to poll .  meet six people who have smoked marijuana recreationally and want it legalize .
 ramsay : no one should suffer abuse like my mum <sec> gordon ramsay says his father battled alcohol and abused ramsay 's mom .  ramsay says 1 in 4 women in the uk experience domestic violence .  he tries to fight the problem by speaking out and raising mone .
 should your daughter get gardasil , the vaccine against hpv ? <sec> many parents are debating whether to vaccinate their daughters against hpv .  some are concerned about side effects , the vaccine 's long-term effectiveness .  others parents think not vaccinating is a missed opportunity to protect the child .  the cdc has gardasil listed on its vaccination schedul .
 10 of america 's best lake vacations <sec> lake superior is heaven for anglers .  wine tasting provides a pleasant diversion in the finger lakes region .  crater lake 's depth makes it perfect for scuba divers .  windsurf on lake winnebago to usher autumn i .
 senators test-drive green cars on capitol hill <sec> an eclectic assortment of alternative-energy vehicles hit capitol hill this week .  the display attracted u.s. senators who could n't resist taking the cars for a spin .  the event was organized by a carmaker from indiana to showcase its plug-in hybrid .  display included cars from gm , zenn , bright automotive and smart , among other .
 damaged antarctic cruise ship resumes journey <sec> the clelia ii is returning on its own power to argentina .  a large wave doused electrical circuitry and broke a bridge window .  the ship 's engines remained operational but speed was reduce .
 creating an oasis in a southern 'food desert ' <sec> many low-income americans lack easy access to fresh , healthy food .  study : more than 72,000 people in charlotte , north carolina , live in such a `` food desert '' .  to help them , robin emmons has grown more than 26,000 pounds of fruits and vegetable .
 why seattle raised our minimum wage , and why america should too <sec> sally j. clark says seattle 's minimum wage increase should be a model for other cities .  she points out that no other major city has committed to this kind of minimum wage increase .  we ca n't leave people who cook our food and clean our homes trapped in poverty , she says .  a higher wage , she argues , means more stable individuals , families , neighborhood .
 self-driving cars could change everything <sec> driverless cars are being tested by companies included google .  auto makers are committed to producing automated cars .  some remain skeptical of the technolog .
 army : soldier accused of killing afghan villagers charged with steroid use <sec> army staff sgt . .  robert bales is accused of leaving his post and attacking 2 afghan villages .  the u.s. military announced amended charges against him on friday .  they include 2 counts of steroid possession and 1 of wrongfully consuming alcohol .  bales now faces 16 counts of premeditated murder , one less than previousl .
 rezai stuns venus for madrid victory <sec> unseeded aravane rezai claims victory in the madrid open final on sunday .  rezai secures a stunning straight sets win over favorite venus williams .  the success gives the 23-year-old frenchwoman just the third title of her caree .
 opinion : mothers and children bear the brunt of disasters <sec> carolyn miles : moms struggle , but especially those trying to save children in a disaster .  save the children has released its 15th annual state of the world 's mothers report .  miles : report found women , children 14 times more likely to die in a disaster than men .  miles : we need strong community preparedness and early response plannin .
 police say father of jackson accuser has killed himself <sec> in 1993 , evan chandler said michael jackson had molested son .  chandler , a dentist , and son reached undisclosed financial settlement with jackson .  accusation was part of case in 2003 when jackson was tried , acquitted of molestation charges .  chandler , who was ill with cancer ; apparently shot himsel .
 phonchan kraiwatnutsorn ( newey ) in bangkok <sec> phonchan `` newey '' kraiwatnutsorn will be reporting from bangkok , thailand .  she is director of youth venture , a program started by parent organization ashoka .  newey works to meet and support young people from a range of background .
 buzz off , bugs ! how to stay safe during insect season <sec> four chemicals provide protection from biting bugs : picaridin , ir3535 , pmd , deet .  despite negative reputation , deet was found to be most effective and least toxic .  insect-borne illnesses are on the rise in the united states , experts say .  covering up with clothing and draining standing water will also help prevent bite .
 family of u.s. soldier in dark about 'non-hostile ' death <sec> army staff sgt . .  darris j. dawson and another soldier were killed in iraq this week .  another u.s. soldier is being held in connection with the killings .  dawson 's father says he ca n't get a `` straight answer '' from the u.s. military .  the u.s. military has classified the death as `` non-hostile .
 police chief courts controversy with profanity-laced gun rights video <sec> gilberton police chief mark kessler is an outspoken gun rights advocate .  in a video posted to youtube , he rails against liberals working to curb gun rights .  the town 's city council is taking up the issue at a meeting next week , the mayor says .  kessler tells a cnn affiliate that he was n't in uniform and was exercising his right .
 humor and humanity : four decades of london 's underground life <sec> bob mazzer has photographed in london 's underground transport network for 40 years .  his images are now being exhibited at the howard griffin gallery in shoreditch .  they show how fashion , music and attitudes to smoking and drinking have change .
 opinion : resuming life after terror hits <sec> gayle lemmon : terror does n't discriminate : people all over world died monday .  lemmon : like the diplomat killed in afghanistan , lives were cut short in boston .  she says rebuilding after loss requires tenacity and a commitment to living .  lemmon : terror easily seizes the spotlight ; we must bear witness and find justic .
 jetblue , delta move quickly to allow extended use of devices <sec> the faa this week announced that airlines can allow expanded electronics use .  jetblue and delta say they are the first to move on the new rules .  flights from that airline now allow devices to be on throughout the fligh .
 marvel announces 'captain america ' sequel set for april 2014 <sec> marvel studios announced that the `` captain america '' followup scheduled to debut april 4 , 2014 .  `` the avengers '' is apparently setting up a `` captain america '' sequel .  marvel said that steve rogers continues his affiliation with nick fury and s.h.i.e.l.d .
 lawmakers : nasa watchdog lacks bite , needs to go <sec> lawmakers say nasa watchdog ca n't be trusted to oversee $ 1b in stimulus funds .  government reports say nasa inspector general is too closely tied to the agency .  ig robert cobb `` thought he was supposed to be the lap dog , '' congressman says .  cobb declined two requests to speak with cnn for this repor .
 dea questions team doctors after nfl games <sec> the dea interviewed doctors and trainers for the san francisco 49ers .  there are reports other teams were questioned , but dea declined to comment .  the investigation stems from a lawsuit alleging illegal handling of prescription drug .
 weeks-long wildfire forces closure of vast okefenokee swamp <sec> a wildfire that began april 28 is still raging in the okefenokee national wildlife refuge .  some 268,000 of the park 's 402,000 acres have burned and there 's no clear end in sight .  all entrances to the refuge have been closed indefinitely , a fire spokesman says .  the official says it will likely take a major weather event , like a hurricane , to douse the fir .
 dr. oz rushes to help tourist hit by new york taxi <sec> a taxi jumps a curb at a busy intersection and hits a british tourist and a cyclist , police say .  dr. oz and his student staffers run to the scene about a block away from their office .  the tourist 's foot is amputated , and a good samaritan uses his belt as a tourniquet .  oz , who tightened the makeshift tourniquet , praises the plumber who jumped into actio .
 inter sweep aside african champs to win club world cup <sec> inter milan crowned fifa club world champions in abu dhabi .  inter beat tp mazembe of the congo 3-0 in the final on saturday .  goals from goran pandev , samuel eto'o and jonathan biabiany seal victory .  internacional of brazil beat seongnam ilhwa chunma 4-2 in third place playof .
 obama : 'i screwed up ' on daschle appointment <sec> obama tells cnn 's anderson cooper : 'i take responsibility for it ' .  president says message was sent that the politically powerful are treated differently .  daschle apologizes for what he says were honest mistakes involving taxes .  obama also discusses declining economy and fight against terrorist group .
 hundreds of new frog species found in madagascar <sec> nearly 200 new species of amphibians found on biodiversity hotspot of madagascar .  study found many outside of the island 's conservation areas .  political instability in the country makes conservation efforts extra difficul .
 ghana football bosses turn to serbia again for new coach <sec> goran stevanovic becomes third serbian in seven years to take charge of ghana .  the 44-year-old replaces compatriot milovan rajevac as coach of the black stars .  rajevac decided not to extend his contract following successful world cup .  stevanovic takes first top international job after winning serbian league titl .
 r & b superstar usher continuing michael jackson 's legacy <sec> u.s. r & b superstar was friend of michael jackson .  usher has sold over 40 million albums .  passing on the advice of `` king of pop , '' he 's now mentor to teen sensation justin biebe .
 greek strike shuts down country ahead of cliffhanger austerity vote <sec> new : police estimate 35,000 people turned out for a peaceful protest in athens .  a 31.5 billion-euro bailout installment is due from the european union and imf .  the greek parliament is required to pass new austerity measures beforehand .  local media say the vote will be a cliffhanger , with narrow passage expecte .
 branded a rebel : cricket 's forgotten men <sec> west indian cricketers shunned after touring apartheid-era south africa .  they defied international conventions after being offered large sums of money .  accused of strengthening apartheid 's grip in south africa by playing there .  but players say they made a difference in helping cause of black peopl .
 will these guys make google glass uncool ? <sec> early adopters might make google glass seem dorky .  like bluetooth headsets , glass is lopsided , with a camera on one lens .  writer says glass is what happens when silicon valley does n't get the real worl .
 trayvon martin case stirs extremists , groups say <sec> `` extremists on both sides '' are stirred up , the southern poverty law center says .  the new black panther party offers a reward for george zimmerman 's capture .  one group says `` white nationalists are trying to inject their poison '' into the case .  anonymous internet comments fan the flames , experts sa .
 fernando alonso wo n't buy euskaltel euskadi , wants to build own team <sec> fernando alonso wo n't buy cycling team euskaltel euskadi after negotiations end .  the spanish outfit must now find another major sponsor to keep afloat .  the two-time formula one champion says he still wants to be involved with a cycling team .  he did n't rule out starting a team from `` scratch '' and looked ahead to 201 .
 one of world 's largest concrete pumps headed from u.s. to japan <sec> a 190,000-pound truck pump is now in south carolina , being prepped to fly out of atlanta .  it had been at a mixed oxide fuel plant site in southeast georgia .  a contractor says the truck 's first priority will be to supply water to keep nuclear fuel cool .  similar pumps were used in chernobyl , which was eventually encased in concret .
 truth comes to the u.s. capitol <sec> sojourner truth was an abolitionist and women 's rights activist .  her bust will be on display at emancipation hall at the capitol visitor center .  ceremony follows a nearly 10-year effort by national congress of black women .  `` sojourner truth 's story will be told again and again , '' first lady michelle obama say .
 r.e.m . to 'call it a day as a band ' <sec> new : three decades of work `` was a hell of a journey . '' .  michael stipe says on website .  new : band members `` walk away as great friends , '' says peter buck .  new : `` we built something extraordinary together , '' mike mills says .  group formed in athens , georgia , in 1980 ; first hit single was in 198 .
 joint chiefs chair warns of disconnect between military and civilians <sec> fewer people serve from fewer parts of the country , mullen says .  wars remain an abstraction for most americans , he says .  `` we can not afford to be out of touch with them .
 bolivia expels u.s. diplomat <sec> bolivian president evo morales expels u.s. diplomat .  francisco martinez identified in media reports as second secretary .  diplomat `` contacted ex-police officers , '' said morales .  u.s. state department rejects accusations , says spokeswoman heidi bronk .
 tsa finds dog in checked luggage <sec> a chihuahua tries to travel with its owner via checked baggage .  tsa officers at laguardia found the dog during the normal screening proces .
 'straight out of gq , ' shipwreck captain faces survivors <sec> new : lawyer for passengers compares ex-captain 's suit to fashion magazine attire .  francesco schettino is accused of manslaughter , abandoning ship , causing shipwreck .  a judge will decide what 's admissible at a trial ; three others being investigated are in court .  schettino was captain of the costa concordia when it ran aground in january , killing 3 .
 pakistani politician survives 2nd assassination attempt in 2 days <sec> rehman was headed to a rally when a man blew himself up near the lawmaker 's convoy .  the blast kills 12 and wounds 16 .  rehman says he does not know who is targeting him .  he was also the target of another suicide attack on wednesda .
 all-clear at jfk after evacuation over yemeni package <sec> package at airport had new york destination , law enforcement source says .  envelope contains cell phone and paperwork , nypd says .  an airport cargo facility is evacuated over suspicious package .  the bomb plot discovered friday is believed to have originated in yeme .
 14-year-old suspected hit man on trial in mexico <sec> in a video , the 14-year-old defendant tells an interrogator he has killed four people .  `` i slit their throats , '' the american-born teenager says .  a children 's rights activist in mexico says as many as 30,000 youths may be in organized crim .
 meet arwa al-hujaili : saudi arabia 's first female lawyer <sec> arwa al-hujaili has become saudi arabia 's first female lawyer .  women were able to study law , but could only practice as `` legal consultants '' .  the move came after years of online protests from female law graduate .
 kohli accuses australians of abuse <sec> india batsman virat kohli accuses australia 's ben hilfenhaus of unnecessary sledging .  the incident occurred when kohli almost ran himself out shortly before scoring his maiden test 100 .  kohli also complained of abuse he received from the home crowd in adelaide .  pakistan 's bowlers take four late wickets to restrict england 's batsmen in abu dhab .
 national cathedral earthquake repairs to top $ 20 million <sec> carvers are making new stones from limestone blocks from an indiana quarry .  major scaffolding is erected around the damaged cathedral towers .  a magnitude 5.8 earthquake damaged the landmark on august 2 .
 who should be allowed to teach yoga ? <sec> a recent new york times magazine article created shock waves in the yoga community .  titled `` how yoga can wreck your body , '' the author claimed yoga can cause serious injuries .  there 's no formal oversight of yoga , and most instructors prefer it that way .  many yoga practitioners disagree on whether teachers should be formally traine .
 tennis stars federer and nadal honor drewett - 'a very loved man ' <sec> roger federer and rafael nadal among stars to pay tribute to brad drewett .  atp 's former president passed away on friday after battle with illness .  federer will be defending his title at the madrid masters this week .  serena williams begins defense of her title in women 's event with win on sunda .
 report : youtube hosting new breed of journalism <sec> report : youtube is becoming home to a new kind of visual journalism .  pew research center says news events are some of youtube 's most popular clips .  much of the news videos are from users , not traditional news sites .  japanese tsunami , russian elections and middle east unrest were big on the sit .
 twitter hoax spreads rumors of airlines ' free flights to haiti <sec> rumors spread on twitter on thursday about airlines flying doctors to haiti free of charge .  american airlines spokesman calls the rumors a hoax .  rumors also spread that jetblue is offering free flights and ups is shipping packages for free .  both airlines say they are working with relief agencies to fly in supplies and personne .
 two new jersey teens killed , another wounded in christmas shooting <sec> christmas night shooting leaves two new jersey teens dead , another wounded .  three men shot to death , two others wounded in unrelated shooting nearby .  authorities seeking motive in first incident , more details on secon .
 u.s. embassy warns of security threat to uganda airport <sec> new : officials say security is stepped up at uganda 's entebbe airport and on lake victoria .  the u.s. embassy in uganda cites warning of a specific threat against kampala airport .  u.s . .  homeland security is boosting security measures at certain overseas airports .  the steps are related to new intelligence on terror groups and bomb makin .
 chinese women fight to shake off 'leftover ' label <sec> chinese women may feature on rich lists but many take second place to men .  young women are under pressure to marry lest be labeled `` leftover women '' .  marital property belongs to one person , typically the man of the household .  preference for boys continues due to china 's one-child polic .
 sex therapist teaches couple how to have fun <sec> five years after their marriage , elke and paul found they could go weeks without being intimate .  the couple consulted a sex therapist to rekindle their romance .  when their physical relationship improved , so did their emotional bon .
 obsessions : 'the big lebowski ' <sec> fans of `` the big lebowski '' gathered in new york this week for lebowski fest .  the coen brothers film , which initially flopped , became a pop culture phenomenon .  stars including jeff bridges , john goodman and steve buscemi participated in a q & a .  goodman : `` it 's the most fun i ever had working on a film .
 senior al qaeda operative killed by airstrike in yemen <sec> fahd al quso was killed while riding in a vehicle , yemeni officials say .  al qaeda in the arabian peninsula confirmed his death in text messages .  he is wanted in the uss cole bombing in yemen , which killed 17 u.s. sailors .  more than 240 militants have been killed over the last month in abyan , officials sa .
 why 'nightmare bacteria ' on the rise <sec> aaron carroll says rise in drug-resistant bacteria cre should concern us all .  he says bacterial strains -- like msra a few years ago -- evolve to resist antibiotics .  concern is over spread in hospitals now , but bug could get out into community , he says .  carroll : misuse of antibiotics gives bacteria chance to evolve -- a real public health dange .
 authorities search for missing family in mississippi <sec> a mother , stepfather and boy were last seen friday traveling in a car .  the car has since been found , flipped , in copiah county .  `` we have not been able to rule out foul play , '' says a sherif .
 proposed legal changes in china cause jitters <sec> if revised , law will secret detention , if notifying relatives or lawyer will hinder probe .  activist-artist ai weiwei 's lawyer says proposed revision has grim implications .  china 's mainstream media have run stories saying revisions will help individual rights .  on twitter-like weibo , netizens give proposed revisions a thumbs-dow .
 woman who stopped cnn 'punk ' plan says o'keefe claims untrue <sec> santa says o'keefe 's claims that he never considered carrying out the plan are untrue .  the document said o'keefe would `` faux seduce '' cnn reporter .  o'keefe said he rejected the ideas in the documen .
 kiss joins michael jackson tribute line-up <sec> new : some jackson fans object to kiss performing because of gene simmons ' comments .  new : many of michael jackson 's back up musician will reuniute for the tribute .  christina aguilera , leona lewis , smokey robinson , cee lo green and jls are also signed .  two generations of the jackson family will take the stage in the cardiff , wales , sho .
 border crisis : refuge seeking kids need help ( opinion ) <sec> martha bergmark : 40 % of unaccompanied kids do n't have lawyers for deportation hearings .  bergmark : kids are before judges alone while government is represented by attorneys .  she says : most are fleeing terrible violence yet do n't speak english and do n't know rights .  bergmark : legal aid lawyers , volunteers helping but more is needed to ensure fairnes .
