 six u.s. troops killed in afghanistan <sec> new : unrest hits kabul after a traffic accident .  a total of 88 international service members , including americans , have died this month .  the july tally of americans is 66 , the highest number for american forces in the 9-year wa .
 no deal yet to buy land for 9/11 memorial <sec> government may use eminent domain to seize land needed for 9/11 memorial .  hijacked united flight 93 crashed in shanksville , pennsylvania .  federal officials say they hope to have first phase of memorial complete by 201 .
 mychal bell of 'jena 6 ' ordered to juvenile facility <sec> source : judge rules mychal bell violated probation for earlier juvenile convictions .  bell , 17 , was freed after adult conviction for beating a classmate was overturned .  source : bell now must spend 18 months in a juvenile facility .  the teen , who is black , is accused of beating a white classmate last decembe .
 obama 's balancing act on race - cnnpolitics.com <sec> ferguson violence revives race debate for first black president .  obama spoke about ferguson on tuesday night .  comments reflect balancing act obama must walk when it comes to rac .
 four dead , one rescued after boat capsizes off northern california <sec> sheriff 's office : five set off on first day of crabbing season and are hit by a `` rogue wave '' .  four are found unresponsive in the frigid water ; the fifth clings to a rocky outcropping .  that 66-year-old man is rescued by helicopter with minor scrapes and cuts .  no one aboard the capsized boat was wearing a life ves .
 we 're aliens in ebola 's world <sec> those in ebola isolation wards must don isolation gear .  doctors are risking their lives to help save their patients , dr. sanjay gupta says .  more than 120 killed in outbreak in guinea and liberia ; 17 are health care workers .  patients in the wards are sick and scared , gupta say .
 al-zawahiri appointed al qaeda 's new leader , jihadist websites say <sec> new : u.s. believes al-zawahiri is leading al qaeda , a u.s. counterterrorism official says .  new : it 's surprising it took this long , the u.s. official says .  new : zawahiri 's video message this month contained a warning to america .  statement pledges support to mullah omar but does not mention arab uprising .
 katherine jackson lawyer believes settlement possible <sec> katherine jackson lawyer has hopes for settlement with son 's estate executors .  ruling : katherine jackson can challenge the executors of her son 's estate .  superior court judge 's decision sets up a possible trial on the matter .  court papers revealed $ 86,000-a-month allowance to jackson 's mother , 3 childre .
 obama to announce perez as labor secretary nominee <sec> thomas perez will be the nominee for labor secretary .  in the justice department 's civil rights division , he had been involved in high-profile cases .  he will replace hilda solis , who resigned in january .  he was a prosecutor and elected official in marylan .
 obama signs sweeping public land reform legislation <sec> obama signs bill designating 2 million additional acres of public wilderness areas .  designation provides highest level of government protection from commercial use .  law , pooling more than 160 legislative proposals , extends across nine states .  highlights : new heritage sites and water projects , expanded park boundarie .
 troops to get pay denied under 'do n't ask do n't tell ' <sec> the settlement was announced this week by the aclu .  the settlement will cover about 181 former service members , the aclu says .  the service members will get about $ 14,00 .
 nintendo talks future 3ds upgrade possibilities <sec> some features , like the 3ds eshop and a web browser , will arrive in late may .  3ds producer : i question whether or not demos are effective .  nintendo moving away from games that require 3- .
 at the u.n. , money backs up vow to eradicate polio by 2015 <sec> a new international push aims to eradicate polio permanently .  the disease is endemic in three countries -- nigeria , afghanistan and pakistan .  a u.n. gathering is held on polio eradication .  the islamic development bank has pledged $ 227 million toward the effor .
 'miracle of eibar ' - can tiny spanish club avoid cruel twist of fate ? <sec> tiny eibar promoted to la liga for the first time in the club 's history .  the basque team will be the smallest to ever compete in spain 's top division .  but financial rules dictate it must raise $ 2.3 million to avoid relegation instead .  eibar is a town of just 27,000 in the basque mountains near bilba .
 clinton visits anti-government rallying site from egyptian revolution <sec> new : the united states is pledging $ 90 million in emergency economic assistance .  tahrir square is home to the demonstrations that led to the ouster of long-time egyptian president hosni mubarak .  clinton 's tour lasts less than 15 minute .
 isis fighters : constant airstrikes drove us from kobani <sec> isis kidnapped 15 oil workers southwest of kirkuk , local police chief says .  two purported isis fighters say constant coalition airstrikes in kobani drove them out .  `` their planes did not leave the air , day and night , '' says one fighte .
 incest family 'faces years in therapy ' <sec> austrian family held captive in a cellar will take years to recover , doctors say .  family are undergoing treatment at a local psychiatric clinic .  children kept underground may never lead normal lives , psychiatrist warns .  family have been offered opportunity to adopt new identitie .
 war drums from iran and israel drown out rich past <sec> israelis fondly think about cyrus the great , the ancient persian king .  during the rule of the shah , israel and iran forged `` multilayered '' ties .  in the 1980s , israel and iran had a common enemy in saddam hussein .  iran now backs hamas and hezbollah , two anti-israel movement .
 police find possible drug lab at georgetown dorm <sec> two georgetown university students are among three people arrested .  police say the lab was used to make dmt , a hallucinogenic drug .  no injuries were reported after a foul odor was reported at the dor .
 fda : recalled defibrillators may fail during emergencies <sec> fda says a problem with the machines may prevent needed shock to patient .  agency issues recommendation on how to use device .  keep the aed until you get a replacement , fda say .
 european ministers laud greek austerity measures , promise new loans <sec> new : euro zone ministers say new loans are contingent but on track .  the finance ministers say the new funds could be given out as early as july .  the ministers also ok `` voluntary roll-overs of existing greek debt '' .  talks on a second greek bailout package follow three weeks of street protests in athen .
 england rugby players in nz police probe <sec> auckland police have yet to confirm the nature of the allegation .  `` incident '' occured in a private hotel room after team 's defeat to all blacks .  rfu : players concerned have complete support of all players and managemen .
 when a wheelchair is an 'unthought-of luxury ' <sec> richard st. denis was named one of the top 10 cnn heroes of 2011 .  since 2008 , st. denis has helped provide hundreds of wheelchairs to rural mexicans .  st. denis : `` in many rural areas of mexico , people do n't even know what a wheelchair is .
 mom of toddler who died in car 'absolutely not ' angry with husband <sec> the wife of suspect justin ross harris breaks her silence at the funeral .  leanna harris said she 's 'absolutely not ' angry with her husband .  he is charged with murder in the death of their 22-month-old son .  the child died june 18 after being left seven hours in a hot su .
 opinion : shootings show need for mental health care <sec> gerald landsberg : navy yard shooter appears to have had mental health problems .  he says communication between agencies might have prevented massacre .  he says nation must prioritize mental health treatment ; instead cuts have led to less care .  landsberg : obama mental health initiatives a good step ; shooting shows much more neede .
 son of green bay packers ' offense coach found dead in river <sec> new : `` we love michael so much and will miss him dearly , '' joe philbin says .  michael philbin , 21 , had been missing since early sunday .  no cause of death is known ; an autopsy is set for tuesda .
 what has formula one ever done for us ? <sec> science museum , london hosting a exhibition of innovations inspired by f1 design .  monocoque wheelchair uses lightweight and robust carbon fiber seat .  ferrari and mclaren pit stop expertise help hospital speed up transfer of critically il .
 dc paint vandalism suspect released to halfway house <sec> jiamei tian was arrested monday after paint vandalism at washington 's national cathedral .  a judge rules that she will go to a halfway house until her next hearing in four weeks .  prosecutors had argued that tian , who traveled on a chinese passport , was a flight risk .  a detective says tread marks at another vandalism site match tian 's sho .
 thai airways blacks out logos after accident <sec> after accident in bangkok , thai airways painted over logos on its aircraft .  thai airways said obscuring logos was a recommendation from star alliance .  star alliance denied the airline 's claim .  media attention suggests the action achieved opposite of desired effec .
 sponsor sad at loss of lance armstrong 's 'great story ' <sec> former lance armstrong sponsor oakley says it is `` sad '' but not angry about his demise .  chief executive colin baden says he is `` left with the grief of what was a great story '' .  he says oakley will not follow other bodies by asking for its money back .  baden : armstrong was a key endorser due to his worldwide popularit .
 cops : connecticut man forced into robbery attempt <sec> credit union employee tells police that intruders broke into his home in bristol , connecticut , monday morning .  they put what appeared to be bombs on him and his mother , then sent him to rob the credit union , he says .  no one was injured , and police are still seeking suspects in the cas .
 falkland islands hold referendum on disputed status <sec> falkland island residents are voting on whether to remain a british overseas territory .  argentina , which knows the islands as las malvinas , disputes british sovereignty .  the uk government says the islanders have a right to self-determination .  britain and argentina went to war over the south atlantic territory in 198 .
 obama 's uncle freed from custody after drunk-driving arrest <sec> onyango obama has been released by immigration authorities .  he will be required to check in with immigration authorities .  source : he was not legally in the u.s. , previously has been ordered remove .
 ups , fedex moving christmas packages late <sec> new : fedex had `` isolated incidents , '' the company says .  some customers say ups packages were declared `` delivered '' but were n't .  the u.s . .  postal service says it did some deliveries on christmas .  amazon refunds shipping for ups packages and offers gift card .
 stoner on top as champ lorenzo crashes ; le mans triumph for audi <sec> casey stoner wins british grand prix to go top of motogp championship standings .  australian motorcyclist finishes 15 seconds clear of teammate andrea dovizioso .  yamaha 's world champion jorge lorenzo crashes in wet conditions at silverstone .  audi wins the le mans 24 hour endurance race for the 10th time in 12 year .
 u.s. , nato concerned about libya 's stockpile of weapons <sec> nations have been monitoring missiles , mustard gas .  intelligence personnel have been in libya to help secure sites , nato says .  about 10 tons of mustard gas known to remai .
 myanmar 's suu kyi tours u.s. , but then what ? <sec> burmese democracy activist started her tour of the u.s. tuesday .  she met with u.s. secretary of state hillary clinton in washington .  expert : change in burma has to come from multiple sources , not just suu ky .
 converted trailers help rural residents get medical marijuana <sec> there are more medical marijuana dispensaries in colorado than starbucks .  rural residents still have limited access to doctors who can prescribe medical marijuana .  now , mobile clinics cross the state , brining doctors who can provide access to the drug .  `` we want to be sure no patient is left behind , '' says mobile clinic entrepreneu .
 baby ducklings stop traffic in washington , d.c . <sec> bystanders stopped to rescue a lost brood of ducklings in d.c. tuesday .  cnn 's brian todd and khalil abdallah paused to capture the scen .
 philippines : dozens die in clashes <sec> thirty to 40 militants were killed , but only 21 bodies recovered , military says .  clashes take place on the southern island province of basilan , military says .  abu sayyaf has been linked to al qaed .
 when presidents speak : making history from the white house <sec> obama 's speech tuesday night was in the tradition of other u.s. presidents .  however , unlike most presidents , obama again chose the east room instead of the oval office .  he also told the nation about the death of bin laden from the east roo .
 hussein-linked 'terrorist ' caught <sec> iraqi forces detain the suspected leader of a terrorist cell network .  cell is believed to be funded by saddam hussein 's eldest daughter , raghad .  raghad , wanted in iraq on terrorism charges , currently living in jorda .
 japan fa passes on invite to south american soccer tournament <sec> japanese fa asks to pull national team out of south american tournament .  samurai blue had been invited as a guest entry team along with mexico .  jfa president traveled to paraguay to have talks with conmebol officials .  japan 's domestic league has been suspended since last month 's natural disaster .
 inside china 's h1n1 vaccine laboratories <sec> inside the chinese lab that has created world 's first h1n1 vaccine .  sinovac biotech ltd is first company approved by the chinese government .  the company will now produce millions of doses for the public .  sinovac got headstart after creating a vaccine during sars pandemi .
 marc marquez on pole as valentino rossi disappoints in 300th motogp <sec> marc marquez takes pole for italian motogp .  six straight poles for dominant world champion .  valentino rossi back in 10th on home circuit at miugello .  rossi in his 300th motogp rac .
 morales wants drug certification for u.s . <sec> bolivian president evo morales says the u.s. discredits his country .  he wants someone to certify u.s. anti-drug efforts .  morales says the u.s. is preparing more smears against hi .
 chelsea star obi mikel 's father abducted in nigeria <sec> john obi mikel 's father abducted in nigeria where he runs a transport company .  chelsea midfielder heard the news just before their game at stoke sunday .  no ransom demand has so far been sent to the family .  obi mikel makes emotional appeal for his release monda .
 virgin galactic makes first rocket-powered flight <sec> virgin galactic : first rocket-powered test flight completed for spaceshiptwo .  test was not a space flight , but company says it anticipates space flight by year 's end .  the aircraft broke the sound barrier during propulsion , virgin galactic say .
 feds : international narcotics traffickers convicted after u.s. sting <sec> a russian and a nigerian were convicted in connection with $ 100 million worth of cocaine .  the men were convicted on conspiracy charges related to at least three large shipments .  konstantin yaroshenko and chigbo peter umeh were arrested in may .  they tried to bribe liberian government officials , including the son of liberia 's presiden .
 lautenberg leaves tricky political question for christie <sec> law allows n.j. governor to temporarily fill seat held by late sen. frank lautenberg .  question is timing for a special election this year or a vote in november 2014 .  christie up for re-election this year , considered possible 2016 presidential contender .  christie angered conservatives with praise for obama following 2012 hurrican .
 opinion : elizabeth warren vs. hillary clinton is a false choice <sec> pundits speculate sen. elizabeth warren could oppose hillary clinton for 2016 run .  julian zelizer : predictions of left-vs.-center war among democrats are misplaced .  he says a progressive message is crucial to the heart of the democratic party .  hillary clinton has strong ties to business but also believes in social safety net , he say .
 golfing prodigies : 12-year-old ye set to make history <sec> ye wocheng to make history as the youngest player on the european tour at china open .  the 12-year-old is joined by teenage talent bai zhengkai and dou zecheng .  golfers hope to follow the lead set by china 's masters sensation guan tianlang .  the pga lifts doping sanctions against vijay sing .
 cnn student news - october 28 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 pioneering photographer inspired anderson cooper <sec> cnn 's anderson cooper pays tribute to photojournalist gordon parks .  parks was the first african-american photographer for life magazine .  he was also the first african-american to direct a major hollywood picture .  cooper says parks was a `` cool character '' who had a major influence on his career pat .
 man once called the 'revenge porn king ' out on bail <sec> moore was released on bail friday after being arrested a day earlier .  he is accused of posting hundreds of nude photos without permission .  moore is accused of paying another man to hack into alleged victim 's accounts .  his bond is $ 100,000 ; he is not allowed to use a computer and must submit to drug testin .
 in swat valley , u.s. drone strikes radicalizing a new generation <sec> sabaoon school in pakistan 's swat valley works to de-radicalize local youth .  u.n. special rapporteur : u.s. drone strikes here have radicalized a new generation .  up to 3,500 people have been killed in pakistan by u.s. drone strikes since 2004 .  between 18 % and 23 % of those killed were not militants , according to one repor .
 man charged in killing of pakistani politician gets valentine 's gifts <sec> the suspect was serving as the politician 's security guard .  pakistani police : the suspect has confessed to the killing .  suspect says he acted `` against a blasphemer '' per quran guidelines , according to his lawye .
 protesters block buses carrying undocumented immigrants <sec> new : `` remember these are human beings that are fleeing the violence , '' mayor says .  protesters and counterprotesters debate in a heated yelling match .  the immigrants had arrived for processing from south texas .  the u.s. has been dealing with increasing numbers of children crossing the borde .
 dakar biennale brings modern african art to the world stage <sec> the 11th dakar biennale is currently underway .  its main exhibition features 61 contemporary artists from africa and the diaspora .  audiences can also visit 200 parallel exhibitions spread throughout dakar and beyond .  the dakar biennale will remain open until june .
 beware , investors : facebook was just a warning <sec> investors are suing facebook about withholding information on the company 's ipo .  david wessels : small investors like you and me lose out .  he says the new jobs act will in fact roll back protections for investors .  wessels : facebook was just a warning ; future ipos are more risk .
 death in the back seat : feds call forgotten-child safety devices 'unreliable ' <sec> new devices are meant to alert adults if they leave a child in the back seat of a car .  the national highway traffic safety administration says they are `` inconsistent and unreliable '' .  heat stroke is the leading cause of non-crash vehicle deaths for children under the age of 1 .
 it 's tricky for wikis and online encyclopedias in china <sec> home-grown online encyclopedias much more popular than wikipedia in china .  jimmy wales has refused to tailor chinese wikipedia to censorship laws .  incentives like ipods and laptops for chinese netizens who add/vet entries .  `` we do n't talk about what the government does n't like , '' says pan haidon .
 man sets himself on fire outside breivik trial court in norway <sec> new : the man is a norwegian citizen with a foreign background , police say .  new : the man suffered severe injuries and will have surgery wednesday , police say .  new : police say the man 's motives for setting himself afire remain unclear .  anders behring breivik is on trial on charges of committing acts of terror and voluntary homicid .
 if even we can agree on big budget plan , so can congress <sec> writers differ widely in politics ; one headed a union , the other was reagan 's budget director .  but they agree congress must put aside differences , pass deficit reduction plan of $ 4 trillion .  they say budget must contain domestic program and defense cuts , new revenue .  writers : businesses , other governments who hold our debt need confidence in the u.s .
