 why wo n't the u.n. security council intervene in syria ? <sec> western diplomats say russia is stonewalling all efforts to deal with syria .  the diplomats say best hope for action is request for intervention from arab league .  russia believes nato overstepped in libya and does n't want a repeat in syria .  russia 's u.n. ambassador on a draft resolution on syria : `` we are working all the time .
 is the immigration crisis rick perry 's second act ? <sec> new glasses , repaired back , rick perry is on the move .  he is reengaging with the gop 's conservative base .  immigration helped sink his 2012 presidential campaign .  but it 's putting him back in the spotlight now with his obama meetin .
 south africa township voices 'still thanking papa madiba ' <sec> in the days of apartheid , black south africans were confined to the township after dark .  shimmi modipa said his working class neighborhood has come a long way in the last 20 years .  `` mandela made this possible , '' he say .
 lg announces flexible , curved screens for smartphones <sec> lg is working on a flexible , curved screen for 6-inch smartphones .  samsung recently announced a similar technology .  the durable , bent screens could be the next smartphone fad and even appear on smartwatche .
 no permisos . lawmakers , feds debate surge of immigrant kids <sec> members of congress , obama administration in partisan debate over immigrant kid surge .  republicans blame administration policy temporarily deferring deportation .  democrats say the gop perspective is misleading , the problem is multi-layered .  thousands of children await a resolution as the partisan bickering continue .
 tapes reveal thurgood marshall 's rocky road to the supreme court <sec> secret tapes of president lyndon johnson released exclusively to cnn .  tapes reveal president 's long-term aspirations for thurgood marshall .  johnson carefully laid out a path for marshall to join supreme court , tapes show .  lbj on marshall : `` i want to build him up where he 's impenetrable .
 obama praises drug industry deal to cut costs for elderly <sec> deal discounts drugs for some on medicare when benefits reach gap in coverage .  deal part of $ 80 billion reduction in medicare drug costs for senior citizens .  health care overhaul a priority for president obama ; early plans have had hang-up .
 defrocked minister : same-sex wedding was an 'act of love ' for son <sec> methodist minister says he performed son 's gay wedding .  he says denying that request would have been denying the love he 's shown his son .  frank schaefer was defrocked after a jury of 13 clergy found he 'd violated church doctrin .
 interstate 15 in southern california reopens after overpass fire <sec> interstate 15 reopens between los angeles and las vegas .  a new overpass caught fire in hesperia , california .  blowtorches ignited the wooden structure under the bridg .
 u.s. lifts restriction on visas to hiv-positive foreigners <sec> travel and immigration ban on hiv-positive travelers lifted .  advocates for hiv-positive people say the new policy was long overdue .  hiv-infected visitors previously had to get a special waiver to obtain a vis .
 coal-burning ceo : u.s. , china must fight pollution <sec> authors urge 80 percent less greenhouse gas by 2050 .  they want big polluters u.s. , china to cooperate .  goal : create path for chinese participation in climate agreement , authors say .  they say clean air task force to build low-carbon coal technology in chin .
 the world 's ugliest stadiums <sec> cnn has compiled a list of the world 's ugliest stadiums .  the stadiums come from all parts of the world -- from britain to bangkok .  share your thoughts on the choices and tell us if there are any we have misse .
 human to hero : nadia comaneci - olympic gymnastics ' first perfect 10 <sec> nadia comaneci was first gymnast to achieve perfect score of 10 in olympics .  competing for romania she won three golds in 1976 montreal games .  two further golds followed at moscow olympics in 1980 .  she became a naturalized citizen of united states in 200 .
 uruguay ace forlan to join inter from atletico <sec> atletico madrid star diego forlan confirms he is leaving la liga side .  forlan pays tribute to atletico but says he can not turn down opportunity at inter milan .  roque santa cruz joins real betis on loan from manchester city .  yossi benayoun reveals he is talking to several teams over a move from chelse .
 iraqis protest against crackdown on shiites in bahrain <sec> saudi arabia and other arab nations are helping bahrain quash protesters .  bahraini royal family and saudi arabia are sunni .  iraqi protesters decry violence against shiite protesters in bahrai .
 review : graham coxon kicks up a storm <sec> graham coxon serves up cacophony of white noise , but talent shines through .  with up to four guitars , bass and drums , coxon is not act for faint-hearted .  coxon described by noel gallagher as greatest guitarist of his generatio .
 uk 's prince philip , 91 , released from hospital <sec> prince philip spent five nights in a hospital with a bladder infection .  the 91-year-old has been hospitalized three times in the past eight months .  queen elizabeth ii 's husband is the longest-serving royal consor .
 what might more serious conflict in ukraine look like ? <sec> despite a deal struck over ukraine , the chances of a durable settlement remain slim , says jonathan eyal .  eyal : putin 's aim may be to destroy the nation , and condemn remaining western rump to status of failed state .  longer conflict goes on , less chances anyone has in controlling its protagonists , eyal write .
 libeskind 's 'eagle ' aims to lift poland <sec> architect daniel libeskind 's new building transforming warsaw .  residential high-rise is polish-born american 's first project in poland .  under construction opposite communist-era palace of culture .  some hope that it will be symbolic of poland 's reviva .
 opinion : the warren commission was terribly wrong -- and right <sec> larry sabato : the investigation into jfk 's murder was inadequate and rushed .  sabato : although the warren commission is derided , its basic conclusion is correct .  he says lee harvey oswald was the killer , but was he manipulated in any way ? .  sabato : we need transparency ; memos relating to the assassination must be release .
 inquiry clears fbi in harsh interrogations <sec> justice department investigation finds fbi generally acted responsibly .  probe looked at interrogations at guantanamo bay , afghanistan , iraq .  investigators find `` only a few instances '' of unapproved techniques by fbi .  fbi `` could have provided clearer guidance earlier , '' report acknowledge .
 new al qaeda leader slams syrian president , praises protesters <sec> new : syrian activist says the country is `` not a playground for jihad '' .  ayman al-zawahiri 's video message is believed to be his first since taking over al qaeda .  he uses the seven-minute video to discuss syria and address the protesters .  president bashar al-assad is the `` leader of criminal gangs , the protector of traitors , '' he say .
 indian diplomat indicted in united states on her way home <sec> devyani khobragade reiterated her innocence as she left the u.s. , india says .  she is `` pleased to be returning to her country , '' her attorney says .  she has been indicted on federal counts of visa fraud and making false statements .  india 's deputy consul general in new york was strip-searched after her arres .
 rapper drake drops surprise album <sec> drake may have hinted at the release .  his short film is titled `` jungle '' .  billboard says it may be his fourth no . .  1 albu .
 senator demands answers in california blaze <sec> new : lieutenant governor seeks information on pipelines .  ntsb is looking closely at a section of pipe .  sen. barbara boxer tours the charred neighborhood in san bruno .  authorities identify three of the known dea .
 lawmakers push government 'garage sale ' <sec> minnesota lawmakers propose selling airport and other government holdings .  state , like many others , is struggling with budget woes .  opposing lawmaker calls idea of selling government entities a `` gimmick '' .  financial experts say now might not be a good time to get a good return on sale .
 teen with tourette 's aims to stop bullying <sec> jaylen arnold is the youngest person ever diagnosed with tourette syndrome .  he says his disorder led to teasing and bullying .  he now leads a national foundation to stop bullyin .
 fears of civil war drive leaders to south sudan to talk peace <sec> new : u.n. officials hope to have reinforcements in south sudan by saturday .  peace talks `` very constructive , '' south sudan 's foreign minister says .  fighting between rival ethnic groups has resulted in mass killings .  four u.s. navy seals were wounded by rebels on saturda .
 'red ' culture campaign sweeps china <sec> months-long campaign has promoted `` red '' culture throughout county .  campaign comes ahead of celebrations of the communist party 's 90th birthday on july 1 .  campaign has included sessions of `` red '' songs in city squares , showing of `` red '' movies .  government is said to be hoping the nostalgia of the revolutionary era will increase social cohesio .
 why eastern dr congo is 'rape capital of the world ' <sec> eastern congo has been called the `` rape capital of the world '' .  writer has noticed disturbing trend of generational rape .  dr. mukwege , a general surgeon , works tirelessly to repair women damaged by rap .
 mlk , born at just the right time <sec> martin luther king jr. was young when he changed the world .  lee : had king been born 10 years earlier , there might not have been a bus boycott .  he says that youth was a catalyst for king 's leadership .  lee : our youth should look to the civil rights leader for inspiratio .
 unprecedented civil union unites brazilian trio <sec> in brazil , a notary has granted a civil union to unite a man and two women .  the public notary who approved the status says they have the right to be a family .  others say it is a violation of the constitution and destroys families .  the notary is now studying unions for another trio and for a quinte .
 attorney : student tased by police exits coma , enters rehabilitation <sec> noe nino de rivera was tased after trying to break up school fight , court documents say .  teen was placed into medically induced coma for 52 days , entered rehab facility friday .  family files suit against officer who tased him , is calling for end to taser use in schools .  police union director tells cnn affiliate teen was coherent , apologizing after inciden .
 diana nyad , on 103-mile swim , struggles with shoulder pain , asthma <sec> new : nyad : `` nobody decides the swim is over except me '' .  she struggles through ocean swells , shoulder pain and asthma .  she is attempting the first crossing from cuba to florida without a shark cage .  nyad began sunday night and hopes to swim the 103-mile span in 60 hour .
 super typhoon rammasun bears down on southern china <sec> first red-level warning typhoon of the year bears down on southern china .  typhoon rammasun regained intensity after passing the philippines .  shipping , some flights canceled in anticipation of typhoon 's approach .  then-category 4 typhoon caused 64 deaths in the philippine .
 opinion : is sebastian thrun 's udacity the future of higher education ? <sec> bill bennett : we have dreamed of providing universal , low cost , first-class higher education .  bennett : thanks to silicon valley , and sebastian thrun , we may soon attain that dream .  he says thrun 's udacity is an inspiring model for the future of education .  bennett : traditional higher education has much to learn from thrun 's enterpris .
 tensions set to rise on korean peninsula <sec> thousands of u.s. and south korean troops are preparing to conduct their annual military drills .  north korea views them as provocative despite carrying out its own military exercises .  analysts believe pyongyang uses the `` threat '' from the drills for its own propaganda efforts at hom .
 federal judge blocks release of bin laden death photos <sec> al qaeda leader was killed in u.s. raid on may 2 , 2011 .  conservative legal group sued , seeking release of photos of the incident .  judge says `` verbal descriptions of the death ... will have to suffice .
 islamic states condemn attack on danish cartoonist <sec> organization of the islamic conference condemns attack on cartoonist .  somali man attacked home of danish cartoonist kurt westergaard .  westergaard known for controversial cartoons of prophet mohamme .
 cell phones , weather may help find private plane missing in idaho <sec> new : search efforts are set to resume wednesday morning , authorities said .  data storage company co-founder was aboard with four passengers .  `` we 've narrowed it down , '' says valley county sheriff 's office lt. dan smith .  the plane was over central idaho on sunday when it disappeared from rada .
 lsu beats alabama with overtime field goal <sec> drew alleman , who kicked two field goals earlier , hits the 25-yard game-winner .  neither team scores a touchdown .  it is the first-ever sec regular season game matching the country 's two top team .
 drink mogul aims to re-brand africa as 'world contributors ' <sec> senegalese entrepreneur magatte wade is co-creator of u.s. drink company adina .  her new venture is a high-end skin care line based on traditional senegalese recipes .  negative perceptions create an inferiority complex among many africans , she says .  she wants to brand africans as 'contirbutors to the world , ' she add .
 pentagon 's future fighter aircraft doubles in cost <sec> the cost of the f-35 aircraft has gone from $ 50 million a jet in 2001 to about $ 113 million .  f-35 joint strike fighter is most expensive pentagon weapons program ever .  pentagon wants to buy more than 2,400 of the technologically advanced aircraft .  even with delays , cost overruns , first planes expected in service as early as 201 .
 yemen 's leader says he will accept transition plan <sec> new : yemeni parliament extends emergency law for 30 days .  president saleh agrees to a new constitution and elections .  the opposition previously rejected any plan without saleh 's immediate ouster .  some government , military officials have joined the oppositio .
 suicide bomber kills dozens in town near baghdad <sec> fifty-six people are wounded by the bombing , police say .  most of the victims of the attack are awakening council members .  the councils are mainly consist of sunni arab fighters who turned against al qaed .
 north korea slams use of its flag in u.s.-south korean military drills <sec> the united states and south korea hold a joint military exercises .  a north korean flag is used in the live-fire drills .  pyongyang says that constitutes a grave provocation .  south korea says the flag was to mark territory and was not used as a targe .
 rand paul knocks chris christie 's 'bully demeanor ' <sec> rand paul said chris christie 's `` bully demeanor '' might not play well all over the country .  paul was referring to christie 's shout-down of a protester last week .  the two potential 2016 rivals have been feuding for more than a yea .
 j.k. rowling 's daring leap <sec> gregory maguire : j.k. rowling has moxie , derring-do to reunite with her readers as adults .  he says she does n't need the money , she 's written her new novel out of a need to write .  toggling between adult and youth writing more common in uk , less so in u.s. , he says .  maguire : writing for children is excellent way to start ; they are a more demanding audienc .
 el al airlines to honor airfare after pricing mishap <sec> the el al airlines flight typically costs somewhere around $ 1,300 .  the airline blamed an unnamed outside contractor for the error .  for two hours monday , the stunning deal drew hordes of excited traveler .
 marked with pomp , queen 's speech lays out british government 's plans <sec> new : queen elizabeth ii calls for banking reform and warns about iran .  british queen delivers a speech each year scripted by politicians for her to read .  her messenger , the black rod , summons lawmakers to her speech .  elizabeth is marking her diamond jubilee , 60 years on the thron .
 how human waste could power nigeria 's slums <sec> microbiologist says he has simple solution to sanitation problems in lagos .  conversion of septic tanks to biogas generators treats sewage and generates power .  despite recognition , inventor says there are still cultural and political barriers to developmen .
 dad blogger death reignites push to rename 'amazon mom ' <sec> two years ago , a dad blogger called attention to the `` amazon mom '' program .  after his death , dads are urging the retail giant to change the name to `` amazon family '' .  the petition drive has gotten more than 4,800 signature .
 tennessee man accused of chopping up woman , eating her remains <sec> gregory scott hale , 37 , is arrested on murder , corpse abuse charges .  authorities say he admitted killing a woman , eating some of her remains .  affidavit : hale cut off his victim 's head , hands and feet and buried her torso .  official : no indication the suspect and the slain woman knew each othe .
 fair game : fast track to driver road rage ? <sec> team orders in formula 1 are a hot topic once again following events in malaysia .  red bull teammates at odds after sebastian vettel overtakes mark webber against team orders .  rubens barrichello , a deputy to michael schumacher at ferrari , empathizes with webber .  f1 legend stirling moss believes there is less respect between drivers in modern racin .
 ukraine police accused of violent crackdown on pro-eu protests <sec> new : 10,000 demonstrators gather after violent police crackdown ; opposition leaders call for president 's resignation .  riot police detain dozens of protesters in kiev 's main square -- state media .  united states condemns `` violence against protesters '' in independence square .  interior ministry says riot police responded to `` provocations by protesters '' -- state medi .
 taiwan plans sex theme park <sec> proposal to build the first sex park in taiwan posted online .  the sex theme park will explore topics from different sex positions to sex toys .  the park 's spokesperson confirmed the plan but stressed that it 's just an idea at this stag .
 'gilligan , ' 'brady bunch ' creator sherwood schwartz dies <sec> tv writer and producer sherwood schwartz , 94 , died early tuesday .  shows went on to enjoy wider fame through syndication , reunion specials .  schwartz was awarded a star on the hollywood walk of fame in 200 .
 web goes nuts for 'crasher squirrel ' <sec> couple had set up camera to take their photo with mountains as backdrop .  squirrel pops up in front of camera , is snapped .  photo appears all over the web , will be in national geographic .  on question of authenticity : `` you ca n't make this stuff up , '' woman say .
 family roots lure many african-americans back to south <sec> for much of the 20th century , many african-americans left the south .  census statistics suggest many are returning to the region .  an economic boom in the sun belt states was a key factor , experts say .  interactive : explore the different african-american migrations through histor .
 cnn student news transcript : june 1 , 2011 <sec> consider the significance of a drop in u.s. home prices .  find out what a health organization says about cell phones .  discover some reasons why americans take fewer vacations .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 peruvian reality show contestant slain after tv confession <sec> a reality show contestant is found slain more than two months after she appears on tv .  authorities accuse her ex-boyfriend of killing her over prize money .  investigators are looking into what role the show played , peru 's attorney general says .  host : critics of the show `` are giving an alibi to a soulless criminal .
 william and kate honor irish guards with medals <sec> new : prince william speaks of his `` pride and humility '' as he meets troops .  he was appointed colonel of the irish guards in february .  this was the first time he and catherine had been to visit the regiment since then .  soldiers from the irish guards performed ceremonial duties at the couple 's weddin .
 premier league dream for gael bigirimana after 'miracle journey ' <sec> gael bigirimana is embarking on a football career in one of the world 's biggest stages .  the 19-year-old from burundi is now with newcastle in the english premier league .  his family was separated after fleeing due to the war , but they reunited in britain .  `` everyone is special and we 're all here for a reason , '' he says of his journe .
 what lies behind renewed tensions over the falkland islands ? <sec> several countries have disputed falklands ownership since first recorded landfall in17th century .  islands have been coveted as strategic shipping stopover and potential wellspring of resources .  argentina and britain fought over the islands in 1982 .  more recently , the argentinians have accused the british of blatant colonialis .
