 5 things obama planned before washington navy yard shooting <sec> the shooting at the washington navy yard led president obama 's talk about the economy .  obama later touted his achievements since the financial crisis started five years ago .  obama spent the last few weeks addressing the chemical weapons situation in syria .  obamacare 's rollout , the stalled immigration bill have gotten lost in the shuffl .
 journalist who embarrassed greeks with swiss bank accounts is acquitted <sec> `` people had been blackmailed ... does n't this need to stop ? '' .  vaxevanis says .  kostas vaxevanis has been acquitted of violating greece 's data protection law .  his magazine published a list of names of about 2,000 greeks with swiss bank accounts .  authorities face questions over why there has been no probe of possible tax evasio .
 commentary : caroline kennedy would fight for n.y. in the senate <sec> joel i klein : caroline kennedy one of few willing to advocate for new york 's schools .  chancellor says people feared giving to schools due to a lack of transparency .  klein says kennedy asked hard questions and held schools accountable .  kennedy would be a passionate fighter for the needs of new york , klein say .
 obama family visits lincoln memorial <sec> obamas made unannounced stop at memorial on saturday .  they spent a half-hour at the site before returning to hotel .  barack obama will use lincoln 's bible at his inauguration this mont .
 iowa supreme court : ok to fire 'irresistible ' worker <sec> melissa nelson worked as a dental assistant for james knight for more than 10 years .  knight complained nelson wore tight clothes , was a `` detriment '' to his family .  knight 's wife demanded he fire nelson ; he did .  the all-male high court rules her termination did not constitute unlawful discriminatio .
 u.s. safer after death of al qaeda chief ( opinion ) <sec> pakistan kills an american al qaeda commander who was on fbi `` most wanted '' list .  peter bergen says the death of adnan g. el shukrijumah makes u.s. safer .  bergen says he was key in plan to bomb ny subway around 8th anniversary of 9/11 attacks .  he says al qaeda continues to dwindle as a threat due to elimination of most of its leader .
 monty python adds 5 more live shows <sec> the first five show dates quickly sold out ; now there will be 10 .  all of the shows are scheduled for july at the o2 arena in london .  john cleese : `` the response to our planned reunion has been very , very silly .
 heat wave taxes the nation 's power grid <sec> the u.s. heat wave is affecting 150 million americans .  a mid-atlantic power grid predicted a peak demand of under 149,000 megawatts .  the demand has surpassed 150,000 megawatt .
 new congress , same approach to hot-button internet issues <sec> morgan griffith , majority leader of virginia 's house of delegates , took boucher 's seat .  sohn : `` tonight the congress has lost one of its most intelligent and tech-saavy members '' .  partisan rhetoric may fly on questions like net neutralit .
 for obama , foreign policy campaign could backfire <sec> julian zelizer : focusing a presidential campaign on foreign policy is a risky gambit .  new crises can transform the politics of an issue within months , if not days , says zelizer .  fifty-three percent of americans say they trust obama more than romney with foreign relations .  still , the obama campaign may want to rethink its current campaign , zelizer say .
 queen and prince andrew discuss prince 's controversial friend <sec> prince andrew is friends with jeffrey epstein .  epstein was sentenced to prison for soliciting a minor for prostitution , according to court documents .  some say prince andrew is an embarrassment to the royal famil .
 colombia , rebels find point of agreement : land reform <sec> land reform agreement is the first of six points that negotiators need to broker .  farc has engaged in decades-long bloody struggle against the government .  the land agreement would take effect only if an overall peace deal is reached .  land not being used would be turned over to poor colombians to cultivat .
 soul train awards tickles the internet <sec> the 2014 soul train music awards aired sunday night .  talk show host wendy williams was mistress of ceremonies .  1990s group jodeci reunited for the awards ; hairstyle lit up social medi .
 shame on democrats for race-baiting <sec> ruben navarrette : democrats borrow the gop 's playbook of nativist shenanigans .  navarrette : a progressive super pac attacks elaine chao , wife of sen. mitch mcconnell .  he says the group resorted to anti-chinese fears to stir resentment against mcconnell .  navarrette : when democrats do such things , they lose the moral ground to criticize republican .
 noma wins at san pellegrino world 's best restaurants awards <sec> san pellegrino world 's 50 best restaurant awards seen as oscars of fine dining industry .  noma returns to top place , knocking last year 's winner , spain 's el celler de can roca , into second .  awards are now viewed by some as more influential than coveted michelin star .
 beaten dortmund must wait another week <sec> long-time leaders borussia dortmund must wait another week to clinch seventh title .  second-placed bayer leverkusen keep race alive with victory over hoffenheim .  dortmund 's lead cut to five points with three games left after gladbach defeat .  bayern 's champions league hopes dented by 1-1 draw at eintracht frankfur .
 tim tebow released by new england patriots <sec> new : tebow to patriots on twitter : `` i pray for nothing but the best for you '' .  quarterback tim tebow is released by the new england patriots .  he was signed by the patriots in june after being waived by the new york jets .  tebow is known for being outspoken about his fait .
 my secret life under 'do n't ask , do n't tell ' <sec> joan e. darrah says she lived two lives in the navy , wondering if each day was the last .  darrah says she pretended her partner did n't exist , that she was straight , avoided people .  she says a close brush with death on 9/11 caused her to reassess life under policy .  darrah : `` i know we can do better than 'do n't ask , do n't tell ' .
 'godfather of house music ' frankie knuckles dies <sec> knuckles combined `` disco , electronic sound , soul and synth into a new genre '' .  he worked as a remixer with whitney houston , michael jackson and diana ross .  knuckles won a grammy in 1997 as nonclassical remixer of the year .  chicago 's mayor calls him one of that city 's `` most treasured cultural pioneers .
 opinion : florida shooter saw black , thought 'threat ' <sec> michael dunn says he was justified in killing black teen because he felt threatened .  carol anderson : dunn thinks he 's a victim even though teens had no weapons .  she names trayvon martin , renisha mcbride , jonathan ferrell -- all gunned down .  she says `` white '' is seen as innocent , `` black '' carries presumption of being a thu .
 american grad student dies in iraq <sec> nicole suveges , 38 , was part of team of academic embeds advising military in iraq .  the political scientist and johns hopkins grad student died in sadr city bombing .  suveges is second human terrain system employee to die in combat zone this year .  she was also finishing dissertation on citizens in transitioning government .
 $ 1 million in chopard jewels stolen from cannes hotel , police say <sec> the thieves removed the safe containing the jewels from a hotel room , police say .  the stolen jewelry was worth more than $ 1 million , police say .  the cannes film festival brings together the rich and famous from around the world .  the stolen jewels were from the swiss firm chopard , an official sponsor of the festiva .
 islands , crabs and skirmishes : the koreas ' maritime mishaps <sec> asian islands are a common source of friction between countries in the region .  the northern limit line was drawn in 1953 .  north korea wants to push the line further out to sea .  the dispute also involves fishing zone .
 kanya king : mobo founder 's top 5 pop picks <sec> kanya king launched the music of black origin awards in 1996 .  king chooses her five favorite current artists and one of their recent tracks .  choices include mary j. blige and estell .
 airline amenities : eight bright spots <sec> these amenities make air travel a little nicer .  some airlines have services to keep kids entertained ( and their neighbors happy ) .  airasia serves a malaysian rice dish that passengers rave abou .
 nigerian rebels threaten to end cease-fire <sec> nigerian militants threaten to end a cease-fire not long after it began .  rebels claim government is threatening one of their camps .  cease-fire put on hold mend 's `` all-out war '' on the government .  the group is demanding a fairer distribution of oil wealth in the niger delt .
 'serious ' clowns distract patients from their pain <sec> clown group lev leytzan gets name from working with jewish youth . .  founder says he was inspired by dr. patch adams to bring joy to patients .  clowns who perform for patients say experience is humbling .  mantra of group is `` serious clowning , a story behind every smile .
 nelson mandela memorial : snipers , troops stand guard <sec> elite troops , snipers , canines helping secure stadium .  government minister says security is in place for tuesday 's memorial .  a state funeral will take place sunday .  mandela aide describes sadness and celebration among friends and relatives in his hom .
 rebels with a cause : botswana 's heavy metal heads <sec> leather , spikes and cowboy hats : introducing botswana 's metal heads .  unlike western head bangers , botswana fans hark back to retro 1970s british style .  rather than 'hell 's angels , ' rockers see themselves as 'guardian angels ' .  president ian khama is said to be a heavy metal fa .
 disgraced pastor haggard admits second relationship with man <sec> pastor ted haggard acknowledges 2006 relationship with 20-year-old male .  accuser alleges haggard masturbated in front of him .  haggard claims incident was part of `` compulsive behavior '' that ruled him at the time .  haggard admits he still has thoughts of other me .
 rolls-royce shares recover after 'progress ' on engine failure <sec> rolls-royce says qantas `` incident specific to the trent 900 engine '' .  oil leaks found in rolls-royce trent 900 engines on three qantas airbus a380s .  ceo : alan joyce told reporters the leaks were `` beyond normal tolerances '' .  rolls-royce share value dropped by 10 percent since qantas initial reported proble .
 1962 's 'playmate of the year ' dies <sec> christina speck krofft , 70 , died march 22 , family says .  she was named 1962 playboy `` playmate of the year '' .  she later married famous children 's tv producer marty kroff .
 nation 's longest-serving sheriff hopes to hand badge over to son <sec> pickaway county , ohio , sheriff dwight e. radcliff is nation 's longest-serving sheriff .  now 80 , the ohio sheriff plans to step down after the november 6 election .  he first won office in 1965 , was elected to 12 terms .  radcliff 's father , charles , was sheriff and his son , robert , is running for the offic .
 record-breaking bayern munich clinch bundesliga crown <sec> bayern munich clinch german league title for a record-extending 23rd time .  saturday 's 1-0 win at eintracht frankfurt seals crown with a record six matches left .  it keeps bayern 20 points clear of two-time defending champions dortmund .  jupp heynckes , 67 , becomes the oldest coach to win the bundesliga titl .
 why rand paul is wrong for america <sec> georgia powers : rand paul , running for president , would like minorities to think he 's an advocate . .  his record on rights shows otherwise .  on civil rights , women 's choice , voting rights , immigrant dreamers , education , he has shown he 'd take country backwards , she say .
 get fit and others will follow <sec> family and friends may not understand weight loss efforts at first .  they 'll come around when they see the transformation , annette miller says .  miller has lost more than 100 pounds since january 201 .
 ronaldo unveiled as real madrid 's new no . 9 <sec> portuguese winger cristiano ronaldo is unveiled as real madrid 's new no . .  9 .  ronaldo paraded in front of thousands of supporters at the santiago bernabeu .  real madrid have paid manchester united world record $ 130 million for playe .
 india , china , pakistan , nigeria on slavery 's list of shame <sec> a new report claims 30 million people are living as slaves globally .  india , china , pakistan , nigeria and ethiopia had the most slaves .  mauritania , haiti , pakistan , india and nepal had the highest proportion of slaves .  the index is published by a group committed to stamping out slaver .
 uk soccer player john terry not guilty of racist abuse <sec> new : the english football association says it will `` seek to conclude '' its own inquiries .  terry is found not guilty of racially abusing fellow soccer player anton ferdinand .  prosecutors defend the decision to bring the case to trial .  `` we are pleased that john can now focus on football , '' chelsea football club say .
 russian bomber buzzes u.s. aircraft carrier <sec> russia 's defense ministry says there was no violation of flight regulations .  one bomber twice flew about 2,000 feet over uss nimitz deck , u.s. military says .  u.s. defense officials say four f/a-18a fighter jets from the nimitz were in the air .  japanese officials tell ap one of the planes violated their country 's airspac .
 'the naked adventurer ' rescued while trying to row across indian ocean <sec> keith whelan is hit by a wave and suffers a `` large laceration '' .  a merchant ship rescues him off the coast of western australia .  whelan was trying to be the first irish person to row across the indian ocean .  he says he planned to row naked because salt would build up on clothin .
 police identify 7 slain women found in february <sec> bodies of 11 women and one unborn child found in february near albuquerque .  police say they 've identified 7 of the victims ; no suspect yet in the killings .  police think one person killed all the victims between 2001 and 2004 .  victims were linked through drugs , prostitution , police spokesman say .
 hong kong 's occupy central `` referendum , '' explained <sec> at least 780,000 hong kongers have voted in an unofficial referendum .  the referendum asked residents to choose between 3 plans for democracy in the city .  the chinese government has called the referendum `` unlawful .
 review : no doubt 's 'push and shove ' <sec> `` push and shove '' leans toward synthpop-flavored ballads .  the album includes grown-up themes , like relationship struggles , the rewards of long-term romance .  the band sounds at home on the title track , a ska/dub fusio .
 haitian officials : wyclef jean will not be on presidential ballot <sec> wyclef jean says he accepts the committee 's final decision .  the hip-hop singer says his party was shocked by the news .  he is among 15 prospective candidates rejected by elections officials .  the officials have approved 19 candidates for the presidential rac .
 fifa announce world player nominees <sec> fifa announce list of nominations for the world player of the year award .  the annual ceremony takes place in zurich , switzerland on december 21 .  reigning holder cristiano ronaldo of real madrid nominated once agai .
 eu ends arms embargo against syrian rebels <sec> new : eu council calls for end to arms embargo on group of syrian rebels .  new : sen. john mccain meets with rebel leaders in northern syria .  u.n. human rights commissioner navi pillay addresses a conference in geneva .  video shows syrian children bleeding in a filthy makeshift clini .
 space shuttle discovery blasts off with bat stowaway <sec> nasa : bat was last seen clinging on space shuttle discovery before launch .  wildlife expert says bat appeared to have broken wing or injured shoulder .  discovery is on 14-day mission to deliver supplies to international space statio .
 florida woman claims massive powerball pot <sec> winner says someone let her go ahead of them to buy ticket .  gloria mackenzie , 84 , claims second-biggest powerball jackpot .  she 'll pocket $ 370.9 million in a one-time , pre-tax payou .
 obama asks nation to respect call for calm <sec> president barack obama says in statement the jury in zimmerman case has spoken .  he asks americans to reflect on toll of gun violence , widen circle of compassion .  justice department says its civil rights investigation continues .  obama previously said if he had a son `` he 'd look like trayvon .
 nelson mandela 's granddaughters to be featured on tv reality show <sec> two sisters and a cousin , ages 27 to 34 , will be showcased on the program .  one of their husbands says it will air on an unspecified u.s. channel in january .  it came after a meeting involving the women and reality tv star dr. robert re .
 zooey deschanel to release clothing line with designer tommy hilfiger <sec> deschanel will have a 16-piece clothing collection called `` to tommy , from zooey '' .  there will be items like coats and peek-a-boo print dresses .  each piece is original and fun , '' says hilfige .
 feds : man arrested in canada accused of conspiring to kill us soldiers <sec> faruq khalil muhammad was arrested in canada .  he is suspected of conspiring to kill u.s. soldiers in iraq .  he was arrested by authorities after a u.s. warrant was issued for his arrest .  if convicted , he could face a maximum sentence of life imprisonmen .
 isis after al-baghdadi : what happens if the terror leader is killed ? <sec> isis leader abu bakr al-baghdadi may have been wounded in an airstrike .  even if he gets killed , a throng of `` very professional leaders '' could take his place .  al-baghdadi has two top deputies , one over operations in iraq and one over syria .  the shura council , isis ' religious monitor , could tell al-baghdadi to g .
 love , sex and the male brain <sec> louann brizendine : male and female brains mostly alike , but some profound differences exist .  men 's sexual pursuit area 2.5 times larger than the one in the female brain , she writes .  she says testosterone drives the `` man trance '' -- or a glazed-eye stare at breasts .  brizendine : a wife 's pheromones cause `` daddy brain . '' .  later , `` lovable grandpa '' or `` grumpy old man '' .
 remains could be 43 missing mexican students <sec> mexico 's attorney general provides new details on the missing students .  he says police kidnapped them at the mayor 's orders .  they were handed over to a gang , the attorney general say .
 n.y. woman pleads guilty to scamming $ 480,000 from one fund boston <sec> a woman pleaded guilty to scamming $ 480,000 from charity , attorney general says .  the one fund boston is a nonprofit that benefits victims of the boston marathon bombings .  audrea gause was not a patient at hospitals at the times she claimed , investigators sa .
 family seeks to take pregnant brain-dead texas woman off ventilator <sec> new : analyst : courts can `` provide clarity '' on a `` vague '' state statute .  marlise munoz was 14 weeks ' pregnant when stricken ; hospital has said it must follow state law .  family argues texas law on life-sustaining treatment for pregnant women does n't apply .  family : munoz is brain-dead with no life to sustain ; calls treatment `` cruel and obscene mutilation .
 facetime with jihad azour <sec> mme 's charles hodson sits down with lebanon 's finance minister , jihad azour .  azour was hand-picked by the prime minister to run the economy in 2005 .  he talks frankly about how political upheaval could affect lebanon 's future .  and shares his insights into economic growth and the government 's reform plan .
 photomath app solves equations for you <sec> photomath app uses phone 's camera to solve equations .  app can do arithmetic , fractions and simple linear equations .  equation must be printed text , not handwritte .
 'dragon fighter ' shines the light on uyghur grievances <sec> rebiya kadeer emerges as leader of minority uyghur muslims in china .  chinese government reviles kadeer , blames her for stoking unrest .  kadeer mirrors the non-violent sentiment espoused by the dalai lama .  this is a `` very dark time for the uyghur people , '' kadeer say .
 one week later , the nation remembers sandy hook <sec> friday , december 21 , marks one week since the sandy hook shooting .  many will pause at 9:30 a.m. when the shooting began .  moments of silence , website blackouts and other tributes are planne .
 israeli police : palestinian armed with knife shot dead <sec> israeli police say they shot a palestinian man who threatened them with a knife .  local officials say the man only knocked on the window and was shot point blank .  cctv footage appears to show the confrontation playing out in just over a minute .  clashes have broken out in recent days between palestinian youths and israeli polic .
 al qaeda militants killed in yemeni airstrikes <sec> strike occurred at a hideout where suspects were holding a meeting .  one of militants may have been alleged fort hood gunman-linked cleric .  suspects reportedly planning retaliatory attacks for recent government raid .  al qaeda in yemen a growing concern for the country 's government and u.s .
