 air pollution causes cancer , world health authority says <sec> `` we know that it is causing cancer in humans , '' scientist says .  air pollution is now officially a carcinogenic , the world health organization says .  it is the world 's most widespread environmental cancer causing agent .  others diseases aggravated by pollution are heart disease and respiratory ailment .
 the father of the web predicts its next phase <sec> sir tim berners-lee , credited as the inventor of the world wide web , shares his thoughts on the future of the internet .  data and privacy are among the key concerns that will shape how users interact with the internet , according to berners-lee .  devices will be cheaper , pixels will get smaller but human brains wo n't get smarter , says burners-le .
 mandy moore makes a new name for herself <sec> mandy moore 's new album is `` amanda leigh , '' her given name .  moore has gone indie route with new album , happy to be on that path .  freshly married to ryan adams , singer looks forward to new things -- like metal .
 obama calls for talks with gop on health care , then vote by congress <sec> obama : democratic leaders in house , senate working out differences in two bills .  after that , president wants republicans to present their ideas .  it 's first clear signal from democrats how they want to proceed after senate seat loss .  sen. scott brown of massachusetts gives gop 41 senators , enough to filibuster senate bil .
 carpenter says he 's not involved in etan patz disappearance <sec> new york carpenter said he had no involvement in child 's disappearance .  etan patz encountered carpenter the day before disappearing , sources say .  sources : a cadaver dog apparently picked up a scent of human remains in the building .  the 6-year-old boy disappeared in 1979 on his way to a bus stop in new yor .
 trash busters ! eco sailors aim to reduce ocean waste <sec> 11th hour racing an entrant in transat jacques vabre .  team has pledged to end practice of dumping rubbish overboard .  rob windsor and hannah jenner crew their 40 foot monohull .  annual event attracts some of the best long distance sailors in the worl .
 commentary : cheney wrong on interrogations <sec> bergen : dick cheney says coercive interrogations saved lives and stopped attacks .  bergen says evidence shows the most valuable information came without coercion .  he says information gained through coercion was of dubious value .  bergen : history will show coercive techniques did more harm than goo .
 erin andrews ' video voyeur gets 2½ years <sec> michael david barrett , 49 , was sentenced to prison monday .  he admitted surreptitiously taping espn reporter nude , posting videos online .  authorities say erin andrews was filmed through peephole in hotel room .
 edwards daughter tearfully leaves courtroom during testimony <sec> daughter of former presidential candidate leaves during testimony .  it concerned fight between her father and late mother .  john edwards faces federal corruption charges .  former staffer testifies about edwards ' mistres .
 bpa exposure may cause miscarriages <sec> research on bpa , phthalates presented at reproductive medicine conference .  high bpa levels linked to miscarriages in women .  high phthalate levels linked to 20 % decline of fertility in me .
 perry and romney : 'they do n't like each other ' <sec> rick perry of texas is the nation 's longest-serving governor .  mitt romney is a former massachusetts governor and a 2008 gop presidential nominee .  analysts say the two do not like each other and are polar opposite .
 israel election : netanyahu claims win , rival concedes <sec> expert : israeli politician moshe kahlon may be `` kingmaker '' in coalition government .  with 99 % of votes counted , netanyahu 's likud party has at least 29 of the 120 knesset seats .  palestinian official : results show campaign based on racism can succee .
 before the play date , the gun talk <sec> conversations about gun safety are becoming more common before play dates , sleepovers .  the newtown shooting and other incidents are behind the move , experts say .  despite fears , most gun owners not offended by the question , gun safe mom founder says .  wrap the question in with other safety issues and do n't judge , experts sa .
 'big three ' star as heat level nba finals <sec> miami heat win game four of the 2013 nba finals in san antonio on thursday .  lebron james , dwayne wade and chris bosh star in 109-93 home win over spurs .  tony parker plays for san antonio despite injuring his hamstring in game three .  the best-of-seven game series is level at 2-2 ahead of sunday 's clash at at & t cente .
 bollywood star sanjay dutt ordered to prison for gun possession <sec> india 's top court sentences sanjay dutt to five years in prison .  it upheld his conviction on weapons charges related to bombings in mumbai in 1993 .  in 2006 , dutt was convicted of illegally possessing an ak-56 rifle and a 9 mm pistol .  in his defense , the actor has said the weapons were meant to protect his famil .
 bollywood dreams in dubai 's labor camps <sec> documentary champ of the camp chronicles a singing contest in dubai 's labor camps .  the movie 's subjects work long hours to send money home to their families .  the contest is sponsored by western union , which many use to send remittance .
 friend : man accused in saudi assassination plot likes to be called 'jack ' <sec> new : the suspect 's estranged wife doubts his guilt .  mitchel hamauei knew manssor arbabsiar for 20 years .  charges sound `` out of character , '' the friend says .  public records show arbabsiar has three previous arrest .
 dalai lama ducks question on monk self-immolations <sec> new : the dalai lama says he does not want to politicize a prize ceremony .  `` no answer , '' tibet 's spiritual leader says when asked directly about the protests .  more than 30 people set themselves on fire last year over china 's occupation , advocates say .  the dalai lama is in london to accept a $ 1.77 million priz .
 unesco 's newest world heritage sites <sec> unesco has named new world heritage sites around the world .  the united states ' newest site is in louisiana .  the landscape of the west bank village of battir was the first site named this year .  botswana , japan , netherlands and south america also have new listing .
 new york health board requires ritual circumcision consent form <sec> a parental consent form must include information regarding the possibly fatal risks of the ritual .  the city estimates 20,493 infants in new york city were exposed to direct oral suction .  the ritual , known as the metzitzah b'peh , is a particular type of circumcision .  the mohel places his mouth on and sucks the blood from the baby 's newly circumcised peni .
 texts , threats led to mistaken identity killing , police say <sec> henry mancilla , 24 , shot to death as he sat in his car with two others .  one of the other men was the target , police say .  threats exchanged over the internet , and murder plot was hatched , police say .  four men in custody ; police executing search warrant .
 china 's leader-in-waiting to meet with obama <sec> the chinese vice president is in the united states for a five-day visit .  xi jinping is expected to become china 's president later this year .  he is scheduled to meet with president obama and other top officials .  observers expect xi to take a tough line on issues like trad .
 do 'farmville ' spoofs mean we 're sick of social games ? <sec> interest in social games , such as facebook 's `` farmville , '' may be waning .  some experts claim social-network games put business concerns before artistic ones .  zynga designer : social games `` emphasize fun and playability '' over complex technolog .
 fans worldwide watch jackson memorial service <sec> `` sadness party '' held in berlin , where fans follow service live from los angeles .  in london , jackson fans brave torrential downpours and hail to pay tribute .  in japan fans gathered at record store , have photo taken next to cast of footprint .  online fans pay tribute to king of pop , comment as service progresse .
 vogue china editor : brands do n't get chinese consumer <sec> vogue china editor-in-chief angelica cheung : luxury market `` multi-layered '' .  global luxury brands are failing to connect with chinese consumers .  bling and status symbols not all that concern chinese consumers now .  luxury analyst : it 's time brands refined products , introduced edgier concept .
 'blue bra girl ' rallies egypt 's women vs. oppression <sec> isobel coleman : videos of vicious beating of egyptian woman have prompted protests .  women have been active in revolution but largely excluded from political process , she says .  coleman says the battle for women 's rights in egypt is a vital but difficult struggl .
 funeral for rev . moon draws thousands <sec> the ceremony took place near seoul , south korea .  moon 's seventh and youngest son delivered the main address .  moon , 92 , died on september 3 after pneumonia complications .  the unification church does not recognize jesus christ as god and follows moon as its messia .
 north dakota flood fight far from over <sec> new : crest appears to be passing velva , north dakota , corps commander says .  new : flood fight will continue for some time , lt. col. kendall bergmann says .  3,000 to 4,000 homes have been affected by floodwater in minot .  `` it 's disheartening , '' says resident steve kna .
 review faults secret service 's training , communications - cnnpolitics.com <sec> fence-jumping incident prompts homeland security review .  it finds secret service alarm and radio systems did n't work as planned .  canine agent was slowed because he was on his cell phone , review say .
 taliban deny possible talks with afghans in saudi arabia <sec> taliban spokesman says any negotiations must be preceded by a trust-building stage .  he calls the report of talks with afghan representatives in saudi arabia `` baseless and unconfirmed .
 cbs wins 2012-13 season , snaps fox 's streak <sec> cbs won the 2012-13 broadcast season in the coveted 18-49 demo .  the win breaks fox 's eight-year winning streak .  cbs has led for years in total viewers , but the adult demo win is its first in 21 year .
 source : lindsay lohan lawyer probed for witness tampering <sec> santa monica city attorney asked police to investigate mark heller , a source says .  `` i can sum it up in one word : ridiculous , '' heller says about probe report .  lohan avoided trial by pleading no contest to lying to cops about a car crash .  lohan hired new york lawyer heller to replace her longtime lawyer shawn holle .
 men found guilty in kidnapping of gay man , but acquitted of hate crime <sec> kentucky jury convicts two men in kidnapping of gay man , but acquits on hate crimes count .  case was first to test expanded federal hate crimes law covering sexual orientation .  justice department civil rights chief says hate crimes verdict would not discourage new case .
 career couples fight over who 's the 'trailing spouse ' <sec> study : it 's common for couples to place more emphasis on the man 's career .  book author battles with nasa pilot over whose career is most important .  wife found herself dealing with subtle power plays at home .  possible fixes : long-distance marriage , trading places , honest conversation .
 air marshal accused of taking upskirt pictures of passengers <sec> a federal air marshal is accused of taking upskirt pictures of female passengers .  adam bartsch was on duty during boarding of a southwest airlines flight .  he is charged with disorderly conduct and held on a $ 10,000 bail .  read more at wkr .
 brothers might battle for presidency in ecuador <sec> fabricio correa files paperwork to register his political party .  the 52-year-old businessman says he wants to run for president .  his brother , rafael correa , is the incumbent .  the siblings have publicly accused each other of corruptio .
 evangelist billy graham is released from the hospital <sec> his physician says graham has responded very well to treatment .  the 92-year-old minister had developed pneumonia .  graham is expected to continue his recovery at home .  he has preached to millions over six decade .
 source : wrong move possibly made before buffalo plane crash <sec> new : plane 's operator : cause still not known ; public should n't jump to conclusions .  ntsb : crew pulled back on control column after stall warning .  a pilot tells cnn that move would have aggravated the situation .  all 49 aboard , plus 1 in house , were killed in february crash near buffalo , new yor .
 the internet of sheep : eat grass , send data <sec> the internet of things is the idea that all physical objects could communicate data over the internet to other connected devices .  in rural wales , researchers have begun a study into the internet of sheep , attaching devices to livestock to gather information .  researchers say the beauty of sheep is that they stick together -- easily transmitting data between the flock .  when the flock comes close to an internet receiving station it would transmit data to researchers at lancaster universit .
 electric cars move closer to your garage <sec> latest technologies debut at the 2009 detroit auto show .  chrysler , mercedes-benz , toyota and mini show what electric cars of future will be .  toyota confirms plans to add as many as 10 new gas/electric hybrid vehicles .  the `` charged '' mini e can run up to 150 miles on a full battery pac .
 calculating national debt a number nerd 's paradise <sec> in west virginia , a small group of accountants calculate the public debt to the penny each day .  `` most calculators do n't handle what we do , '' accounting director says .  the program accountants use is outdated , but works well , jaime saling says .  the public debt building has become a number nerds ' paradis .
 ponting passes new milestone as australian batsmen dominate india <sec> australia batsman ricky ponting scores his 41st test century and passes 13,000 runs .  the 37-year-old adds 252 for the second wicket with captain michael clarke .  former skipper ponting is the third highest run scorer in the five-day game .  clarke also scores an unbeaten century as home side reach 335-3 at stump .
 prince jackson steps into public spotlight <sec> prince jackson shows support for his uncles with jacket endorsement .  the `` thriller '' and `` beat it '' replicas are `` nice to wear to events , '' prince says .  michael jackson 's oldest son wants to be an actor .  although rich from his father 's estate , prince wants to earn his own money , lawyer say .
 mccain , obama find common ground on national service <sec> sens . .  mccain and obama met at a forum on national service in nyc thursday night .  two candidates appearing together at 9/11 remembrance in nyc .  new poll : respondents view mccain as better in handling terroris .
 3 wounded in colorado mass shooting sue theater owner <sec> two lawsuits allege security guards were given the night off .  the lawsuits have been filed on behalf of three friends wounded in the shooting .  the july 20 shooting at the aurora multiplex left 12 dead and 58 wounde .
 could your childhood ambitions reveal your dream job ? <sec> the jobs that we aspired to when we were children reflect our passions and talents , say experts .  linkedin 's childhood jobs survey reveals 30.3 % of people are either currently in that dream job or a related role .  childhood aspirations are shaped by the people , standards and social expectations that surround u .
 obama , do n't abandon labor unions ( opinion ) <sec> president obama wants to obtain fast-track authority to finalize a free trade agreement in the asia pacific .  julian zelizer : organized labor is right to worry that this would take away more jobs from american .
 mozart may have died of strep throat complications <sec> exact cause of mozart 's death , at age 35 in 1791 , is still a mystery .  in 1791 , edema-related deaths among younger men increased due to strep throat .  but there are no accounts of mozart having sore throat in his last weeks of lif .
 texas cold case closed after body found in drying lake is id 'd <sec> for 35 years , what happened to helen holladay had been a mystery .  last week , a truck containing skeletal remains was found in a drought-affected lake .  a forensic anthropologist used dental records to determine it was hollada .
 regional accents thrive in u.s. -- but is that a good thing ? <sec> regional accents are alive and well in the united states .  we asked ireporters to tell us about their accents .  some feel having a local accent hurts them professionally .  others say they take pride in their accen .
 leishman and garcia lead the field on first day of play in augusta <sec> marc leishman and sergio garcia lead the field after first day of play .  woods shoots a solid two-under 70 to mimic his opening round of previous successes .  history making guan tianlang , 14 , impresses with a round of one-over pa .
 alec baldwin launches twitter rant against journalist <sec> baldwin says his wife left her phone in her car .  the actor wages a one-sided war of words with a journalist over a story .  the story alleges baldwin 's wife was tweeting during james gandolfini 's funera .
 singer with nazi tattoo cancels germany appearance <sec> evgeny nikitin was due to appear at the bayreuth festival this week .  he got a nazi swastika tattoo as a young man in a heavy metal band , the festival says .  the festival performs the works of richard wagner , a favorite of adolf hitler ' .
 ace actors serve up their film cameos <sec> tennis stars of past and present have turned their talents to land roles in films .  american ace john mcenroe has appeared in the credits for no less than six features .  1957 wimbledon champion starred alongside screen icon john wayne in a western .  indian star vijay amritraj was talent spotted for a supporting part in bond movie octopuss .
 will obama 's health care plan mirror the 1994 clinton failure ? <sec> president obama is urging congress to come up with a health care reform plan .  cnn analyst sees similarities between obama 's push and clinton 's in 1994 .  obama and top democrats are seeking coverage for 46 million american .
 obeidallah : return of phil robertson a win-win <sec> right wins `` duck dynasty '' battle but losing war , dean obeidallah says .  marriage equality will be the law of the land in the future , he says .  vibrant , healthy debate is one reason our nation is exceptional , he say .
 5 things we learned from obama 's speech <sec> obama says america at `` crossroads , '' and fight against terror must be more targeted .  he defends the use of drones against terror suspects overseas .  obama makes new push to close guantanamo bay detention facility in cuba .  woman interrupts speech , urged obama take action on `` gitmo .
 diwali : one festival , many customs <sec> diwali is a hindu festival that takes place between mid october and mid november each year .  lights are lit to commemorate the legend of the return of the hindu god rama to his kingdom after 14 years in exile .  hindus also believe lakshmi , goddess of wealth , enters their homes during this period .  in indian villages diwali is more a celebration of the end of the harvest and many months of hard wor .
 oscar pistorius defense suggests steenkamp was n't cowering <sec> prosecution tears into defense expert , leaving him flustered and angry .  steenkamp did not have her hand over her head , former cop says .  the defense is planning to wrap up next week .  pistorius says he mistook his girlfriend for an intruder in the middle of the nigh .
 truth of earrings , bikinis and sports bras <sec> polish diplomats brought pointed shoes to britain in 1300s .  a female runner sewed two jock straps together for first sports bra .  men wore earrings in egypt in 1500 .
 opinion : pakistanis can debunk myths about islam peacefully <sec> there is little public debate in pakistan , fateh muhammad writes .  she says islamic scholar seeking modest approach should be more visible .  less coverage should be given to hard-line political parties , figures , she adds .  the biggest problem in the world today is misunderstanding , fateh muhammad say .
 hank williams jr. apologizes for hitler-obama comparison <sec> `` i am very sorry if it offended anyone , '' williams says of his comparison .  earlier , the anti-defamation league said williams owed holocaust survivors an apology .  espn has yet to decide on future uses of williams ' `` are you ready for some football ? '' .  country singer compared obama to adolf hitler in fox news remark .
 quadruple rainbow in new york an internet sensation <sec> amanda curtis , ceo of a fashion company in new york , posted a picture of four rainbows to twitter .  `` i had a small moment of awe , '' she sai .
 anzhi makhachkala player gasan magomedov shot dead in dagestan <sec> a youth player for russian club side anzhi makhachkala was shot dead sunday .  gasan magomedov came under `` volley of automatic gunfire '' outside parent 's home .  dagestan has become focus of islamist insurgency in recent year .
