 big boots to fill : the new u.s. ambassador to china <sec> washington has chosen veteran politician with little diplomatic experience .  senator max baucus will soon take up post in beijing , replacing gary locke .  locke faced dramatic political crises but was popular among ordinary chinese .  baucus 's washington connections likely to be his biggest asset , analysts sa .
 advocate : story of rare bacterial infection raising awareness <sec> `` oh , how tragic , another case ! '' .  says co-founder of the national necrotizing fasciitis foundation .  `` i get e-mails about these cases every single day , '' says jacqueline roemmele .  roemmele says she hopes the coverage will result in faster diagnoses , saving limbs and lives .  a texas man says that unlike his bout with infection , the copeland case is getting attentio .
 fukushima inspires safety features for georgia nuclear reactors <sec> the two new nuclear reactors are the first to be approved by the nrc since 1978 .  nrc group focuses on implementing regulations based on lessons learned at fukushima .  critics say natural gas is cheaper ; so why use nuclear energy ? .  because of the events at fukushima , other countries have stopped using nuclear energy .
 concussion expert wins 'genius grant ' <sec> kevin guskiewicz has won a macarthur foundation award for concussion research .  his research found head injuries increase risk of memory loss , depression .  he also helped develop a system to measure balance before and after concussio .
 pakistan taliban splits over 'un-islamic ' practices <sec> mehsud faction of pakistan taliban defects , citing ideological differences .  the break comes after months of internal friction within the militant group .  analysts say the split weakens the taliban , government talks played a role .  it remands to be seen how al qaeda and splinter groups will respon .
 more and more , signs point to u.s. airstrikes in syria - cnnpolitics.com <sec> no decision yet by president obama , the white house says .  official : obama authorizes reconnaissance flights over syria .  administration officials have laid the groundwork for a possible campaign .  obama is under political pressure to ac .
 volunteer and you might find your soul mate <sec> couple who met working with habitat for humanity gets married atop house .  organization spokesman says it 's not unusual for volunteers to `` end up together '' .  passion for ending world hunger brings carol and john coonrod togethe .
 ronaldo and rooney star as champions league bursts into life <sec> cristiano ronaldo sinks a hat trick as real madrid beat galatasaray 6-1 .  wayne rooney grabs his 200th goal for manchester united as they beat bayer leverkusen 4-2 .  defending european champions bayern munich see off cska moscow 3-0 .  manchester city defeat viktoria plzen in czech republi .
 dr. phil talks cyber-bullying on the hill <sec> dr. phil participates in panel at capitol hill .  he spoke about cyber-bullying among students .  a recent study shows 73 percent of teenagers used social networking site .
 lawyer for americans held in haiti quits <sec> ten americans `` have been looking at other lawyers , '' mother of one detainee says .  edwin coq was trying to get americans released , blamed group leader for legal troubles .  americans charged with kidnapping for trying to take 33 children out of haiti .  leader knew she did n't have legal document to let her take children out , coq say .
 fda : drug maker had internal warnings months before meningitis outbreak <sec> compounding center 's monitors found contamination in sterile rooms as early as january .  fda found no evidence that the center took action to correct the problems .  a meningitis outbreak has caused 25 deaths and 338 illnesse .
 lance armstrong immortalized in graffiti 'doping ' artwork <sec> graffiti artist immortalizes lance armstrong 's fall from grace on a los angeles wall .  artwork was created by british photographer who works under the name `` plastic jesus '' .  he is influenced by the work of his fellow street artist banksy , who also stays anonymous .  his armstrong exhibit has featured in mainstream u.s. and uk newspaper .
 prosecutor : france school gunman could strike again <sec> witnesses describe the gunman as slim , 5-foot-9 , prosecutor francois molins says .  all the victims were shot in the head from point-blank range , the prosecutor says .  interior minister claude gueant says authorities looking at possible neo-nazi involvement .  the gunman who killed 4 at a jewish school was wearing a camera , the minister say .
 hebrew-language message threatens continued fire into israel <sec> group threatens to continue rocket launches into israel .  message referenced killing of islam yassin the day before in gaza city .  israeli air force and security organizations claim responsibilit .
 6 memorable moments from 2013 vmas <sec> mtv 's video music awards were held in new york for the first time in four years .  lady gaga returned to the stage ; miley cyrus ' racy performance surprised fans .  macklemore and ryan lews took the spotlight to advocate for marriage equalit .
 first lady to campaign in tight iowa senate race <sec> michelle obama to campaign for democrat in iowa .  bruce braley faces joni ernst to replace retiring democratic sen. tom harkin .  with low approval rating in some areas , barack obama is n't welcom .
 murder has no religion <sec> the fort hood killings were not a religious act , says arsalan iftikhar .  he says reports shooter said `` allahu akbar '' do n't make slayings an `` islamic '' crime .  iftikhar says islam forbids the taking of human life .  thousands of patriotic muslims serve in the u.s. armed forces , he say .
 juve held to draw in six-goal thriller <sec> juventus ' poor start to the new italian serie a season continues on sunday .  juve still without a win after sharing a six-goal thriller against sampdoria .  nicola pozzi scores twice for sampdoria who have four points from two games .  chievo have won both their opening two matches of the season after a 3-1 win at geno .
 'the office ' shuts down after this year <sec> the final season of `` the office '' will offer `` an artistic ending , '' producer greg daniels says .  it will `` do justice to the existing characters in the most creative and explosive way , '' daniels adds .  ratings are healthy , but cast contracts are expiring .  `` we could n't count on getting that many people back for season 10 , '' daniels say .
 five dead in kashmir protests <sec> the anti-india protests were fueled by quran desecration reports .  india has imposed a strict curfew in the city of srinagar .  but violent demonstrations are continuin .
 hospital : pele better , talking but in intensive care <sec> soccer star pele should be taken off dialysis early sunday , hospital says .  he went into hospital in sao paulo , brazil , this week for a urinary tract infection .  the hospital says the 74-year-old is getting better as he 's being treated in the icu .  pele is a three-time world cup champion and shared player of the century awar .
 opinion : sarah palin 's offensive remarks about syria <sec> dean obeidallah : sarah palin wrote `` let allah sort it out , '' referring to possible u.s. action .  he asks who knew she spoke arabic ? .  but does she know where that phrase comes from ? .  he says catholic monk said it before 13th-century siege that killed 20,000 .  obeidallah : she seems to believe slaughter of innocent syrians should be met with silenc .
 savannah guthrie of 'today ' gives birth <sec> guthrie gave birth on wednesday .  it 's a first for her and husband mike feldman .  matt lauer shared how he found ou .
 evangelist arrested in child porn case <sec> fbi : founder and leader of tony alamo christian ministries arrested thursday .  alamo charged with transporting a minor across state lines to engage in sex .  federal and state agents raided alamo 's 15-acre compound .  alamo called the investigation `` a hoax '' and likened himself to jesu .
 expatriates from south africa , spain , new zealand among victims of qatar mall fire <sec> in all , 19 people died , most at a child care center .  the victims are seven girls , six boys , four teachers , and two would-be rescuers .  four were spanish , three from new zealand ; two from south africa and one from france .  the nationalities of the other nine are not know .
 president obama to hugs ebola-free nurse <sec> president obama met with dallas nurse , nina pham , who is now ebola-free . .  pham , 26 , contracted ebola after treating thomas eric duncan at texas health presbyterian hospital .  she was the first person diagnosed with the disease on u.s. soil and was being treated in marylan .
 iranians , syrians share common cause <sec> many iranians sympathize with the syrian people and the violence they are dealing with .  the roles were reversed in 2009 when iran was in turmoil after a disputed election .  meanwhile , the governments of iran , syria are also very supportive of each othe .
 olympic memories <sec> olympic moments often transcend sport , with political overtones .  modern olympics have witnessed protests , suffered from terrorism .  olympics often provide athletes stage to air views on societ .
 analysis : clinton speech was 'generous , ' 'authentic ' <sec> crowley : sen. hillary clinton delivered with her speech at the democratic convention .  gergen : this was `` perhaps her finest hour in politics '' .  castellanos : call it the `` lesser of two evils '' speec .
 on song soderling wins seventh atp tour title <sec> swede sees off american andy roddick in straight sets to claim brisbane crown .  soderling rises to four in world rankings ahead of australian open in melbourne .  soderling has poor record at melbourne park having never made the third round .  roddick donates over $ 10,000 to queensland flood relief fund after fina .
 ohio secretary of state 's web site hacked <sec> hackers target ohio secretary of state 's web site .  secretary of state jennifer brunner says office has received death threats .  supreme court recently backed secretary of state in voter registration dispute .  state republican party contends widespread voter fraud in ohi .
 wta finals : maria sharapova loses , serena rebounds <sec> maria sharapova loses to petra kvitova in straight sets at the wta finals .  sharapova needs to win her final group match to have any chance of progressing .  serena williams recovers from a bad defeat wednesday to crush eugenie bouchard .  caroline wozniacki improves to 2-0 after downing agnieszka radwanska in straight set .
 officials adding more u.s. airports to passenger prescreening program <sec> the expedited screening initiative precheck expands to 28 additional airports this year .  boarding passes of approved passengers will include information in a barcode .  officials : existing precheck lines at seven airports have handled more than 336,000 passenger .
 obama declares 'strong week ' abroad <sec> president barack obama just wrapped a week-long trip in australia and asia .  obama was coming off a bruising midterm election for his party .  obama spent the week focusing on deliverables in china and myanmar .  obama described his interactions with vladimir putin as `` businesslike and blunt .
 caribbean charm in cartagena <sec> colombia is steadily drawing more international visitors .  cartagena offers a sophisticated caribbean experience .  bright colors , music and dancing pump up the lively atmospher .
 borger : the strategy republicans knew was a fantasy <sec> gloria borger : republicans have quietly abandoned strategy to defund obamacare .  she says they secretly knew it was hopeless but felt forced into it by ted cruz , others .  borger says shutdown news overshadowed sputtering start to obamacare .  she says boehner is back to where he wanted to be : urging spending cuts for debt limit dea .
 vigil held for michigan boys still missing after more than a week <sec> tanner skelton , 5 , alexander william skelton , 7 , and andrew skelton , 9 , remain missing .  their father , john skelton , is charged with parental kidnapping .  he is fighting extradition from ohio .  residents held a candlelight vigil for the missing boy .
 new miss california usa seeks to 'calm the waters ' <sec> tami farrell replaces carrie prejean for the next five months .  farrell says she hopes to avoid the controversy that plagued prejean .  `` i 'm just blessed to have this opportunity , '' farrell says .  farrell hopes ascending to title will help launch her show business caree .
 judge strikes down pennsylvania voter id law <sec> judge strikes down pennsylvania 's voter id law .  judge says law places `` unreasonable burden '' on voters .  supporters argue law would prevent voter fraud .  ruling cites `` no evidence of ... in-person voter fraud .
 the future world of 'call of duty : black ops ii ' <sec> `` call of duty : black ops ii '' hit stores tuesday .  the game transports players to the 1980s and the not-so-distant future of 2025 .  creators tapped peter singer to help them imagine and design a near-future world .  2010 's `` call of duty : black ops '' sold more than 13.7 million units in the u.s .
 canadian firetruck responding to u.s. call held up at border <sec> upstate new york firefighters asked nearby canadian units for help with blaze .  firetruck that responded held up at u.s. border for eight minutes .  government source says one firefighter 's criminal record caused the delay .  u.s. firefighter calls it embarrassing , says it delayed relief for tired firefighter .
 hong kong housewife guilty of keeping maid as 'prisoner ' <sec> judge said she believed erwiana sulistyaningsih was kept prisoner in her employers ' home .  law wan-tung found guilty of grievous bodily harm , assault and failing to pay wages .  erwiana was sacked and escorted to the airport after becoming too weak to wor .
 actress shannon richardson , charged in ricin case , deemed 'flight risk ' <sec> a federal judge says shannon richardson is n't a danger to the community .  but the judge says `` no conditions will ensure her appearance '' again in court .  she 's pleaded not guilty to sending ricin-tainted letters to obama and nyc mayor .  richardson has had minor roles in tv series including `` the walking dead .
 tunisian prime minister resigns amid renewed protests <sec> new : interim president chooses new prime minister .  mohamed ghannouchi 's resignation comes after three people were killed during protests .  protesters were demanding that he and the parliament step down .  he said he did n't want to make a decision that would cost live .
 support , donations pour in for hero homebuilder <sec> dan wallrath and his group , operation finally home , build houses for injured u.s. veterans .  for his efforts , wallrath was named a top 10 cnn hero in november .  the exposure has helped wallrath help more troops and their families .  he just partnered with `` extreme makeover : home edition '' to help a victim of the fort hood attac .
 study : abuse , provocative images increase internet risks for girls <sec> study in june issue of pediatrics identifies risk factors from internet predators .  study finds childhood abuse , use of sexy images puts girls at increased risk .  these factors more crucial than internet naivete or sexual innocence , study indicates .  authors urge caregivers to carefully monitor how girls present themselves onlin .
 algeria 's president eases to third term <sec> bouteflika , 72 , win third term comfortably with 90 percent of vote .  lawmakers abolished constitutional term limits last year .  political opponents claim vote was a charade .  algeria is fighting an islamic insurgency and an ailing econom .
 west point soldier gets a grammy salute <sec> new : staff sgt . .  brandie lane wins a grammy and sees julie andrews in person .  lane was a record label 's head audio engineer before joining the army .  she 's now an audio engineer for the west point band .  `` the whole experience was literally a dream come true , '' she says monda .
 game consoles to bolster video capabilities <sec> sony is redesigning its video download service for the playstation 3 .  microsoft plans to launch live tv for the xbox .  push for game consoles as media hubs faces competition from big tech companie .
 marc marquez wins british gp <sec> marc marquez wins the british motogp to extend his lead in championship .  it is the spaniard 's 11th victory in 12 races , having been fourth last time out .  he enjoyed a tough battle with last year 's silverstone winner jorge lorenzo .  lorenzo 's yamaha teammate valentino rossi is third ahead of dani pedros .
 venezuela deports french man over alleged chavez plot <sec> officials say bouquet confessed to the plot .  they also allege he is a french intelligence agent .  he was sentenced to 4 years in jai .
 alleged tucson gunman indicted on 49 charges in shooting <sec> new : rep. giffords ' office releases a photo taken of her on the morning of the shooting .  jared lee loughner is indicted on 49 counts in january shooting .  the indictment carries a potential death sentence upon conviction , the u.s. attorney says .  giffords is undergoing rehabilitation at a medical facility in housto .
 newark runway risks concern feds <sec> concerns cited about potential danger of using intersecting runways at newark .  dot inspector general : planes above airport flew too close to each other repeatedly .  air traffic controller says he was punished for raising safety issue with faa .  faa : computer system that helps controllers stagger aircraft to be in use in decembe .
 pakistan cricket tour to bangladesh ditched <sec> bangladesh postpone pakistan 's cricket tour scheduled to start next week .  decision comes on government advice and follows terrorist attack in lahore .  sri lanka 's test squad were ambused on way to test match earlier in wee .
 egypt and the death of liberalism <sec> egyptian liberals are supporting post-mubarak authoritarianism , write elmenshawy and kotb .  they are backed by leaders of the egypt 's national salvation front ( nsf ) , they say .  elmenshawy and kotb : liberals have failed to instill their values within the ideology of voters .  liberals are working with the military to efface the muslim brotherhood , they writ .
 sanders is headed back to iowa , new hampshire <sec> bernie sanders is stoking more political speculation with visits to iowa , new hampshire .  the independent senator was in iowa a month ago for three events .  he has been reluctant to confront hillary clinton , the democratic favorite , directl .
 thieves force louvre to shut its doors <sec> louvre shut wednesday after staff walked out in protest .  staff say pickpocket gangs are running rife in the museum .  louvre operating as normal on thursda .
 tiger woods ' words -- sincere or staged ? <sec> tiger woods apologized friday and said he was working on repairing damage he caused .  immediate opinion divided , with one group saying he showed vulnerability and sincerity .  another group said apology was scripted and did n't seem heartfel .
 2013 emmys : the winners list <sec> the 65th emmy awards were hosted by neil patrick harris .  `` breaking bad '' won best drama , and `` modern family '' won best comedy .  hbo 's `` behind the candelabra '' was named best miniseries or movi .
 shooting victim 's dad : 'this world is a better place because she has been in it ' <sec> emilie parker , 6 , was killed friday at sandy hook elementary school .  her father , robbie parker , delivers a message for the shooter 's family .  `` i ca n't imagine how hard this experience must be for you , '' he says .  the family is raising money to take emilie 's body to be buried in uta .
 activist : isis now holds 262 assyrian hostages in syria <sec> `` we pray , we pray all the time , '' says a relative of a dozen assyrians feared kidnapped .  assyrian activist says isis now holds 262 assyrian christians hostage .  the extremist group has seized 11 assyrian villages over three days , says monitoring grou .
 ex-first lady , advocate for substance abuse treatment betty ford dies <sec> new : stevie nicks : `` as far as i 'm concerned , betty ford saved my life . '' .  president obama calls her `` a powerful advocate '' for health and women 's rights .  betty ford was surrounded by family members , a relative says .  the widow of gerald ford was an advocate for substance abuse treatmen .
 how a profoundly disabled boy became a running star <sec> rachel miller 's son john , 18 , is severely autistic and struggles with personal connections .  john 's joy in running became apparent to her and therapist jeff hancock , who has known john since 2003 .  in 2014 , john raced in the special olympics state summer games in florid .
 magic messi extends record streak <sec> lionel messi scores twice to take his goal tally to 87 for 2012 .  the barcelona and argentina star has scored 32 times this season for club and country .  barca given tough time in 2-0 win away at second division side cordob .
