 united states casts doubt on north korean missile claim <sec> south korea says the launch showed improvements in an existing weapon .  kcna : north korea fires `` cutting-edge ultra-precision tactical guided missiles '' .  `` there is no indication of new north korean technology , '' says a u.s. defense official .  according to the u.s. and south korea , north korea launched three projectile .
 twitter says goodbye to the pope , with a laugh <sec> pope officially retires thursday as vatican deletes his twitter history .  twitter users were uncommonly silent until the retirement was official .  @ pontifex account gains 500 new followers after deleting tweet .
 russia , ukraine agree on naval-base-for-gas deal <sec> russia agrees to 30 percent drop in the price of natural gas sold to ukraine .  in exchange , russia can extend lease of a major naval base in a black sea port .  ukraine and russia had been at odds during previous ukraine administratio .
 pro-israel crowd rallies in madrid <sec> pro-israel crowd rallies in front of israeli embassy in madrid .  demo follows pro-palestian gathering last weekend attended by ruling lawmakers .  spain has earmarked euros 6.5m ( $ 8.5m ) in humanitarian aid to gaz .
 crowley : memo to chris christie -- did you get the memo ? <sec> both sides have played low-expectations game about wednesday 's debate .  new jersey gov . .  chris christie defies gop , predicts debate will be game-changer for romney .  christie 's prediction sets high expectations for romney , who is running behin .
 penn state not alone in circling wagons <sec> kirk hanson : institutions initially deny , hush up scandals to protect themselves .  hanson : denial , secrecy is an institutional and psychological defense that backfires .  hiding makes it seem victims come last , he says : think catholic church , the citadel .  reporting takes courage , he says , and enlightened leaders foster opennes .
 what bled detroit dry ? ( it 's not pensions ) <sec> ross eisenbrey : stripping detroit 's workers of their modest pensions will kill middle class .  eisenbrey : most pensions are $ 19,000 year ; $ 30,000 a year for police and firefighters .  he says culprits are sky-high financial costs , corporate subsidies , tax loopholes .  he says detroit bankruptcy caused by same dynamics creating inequality in the natio .
 cnn student news transcript : summer show - july 22 , 2011 <sec> beat the heat from the inside out with cnn student news ' latest summer webcast .  find out what 's causing the sun to sizzle so strongly in the eastern u.s . .  take a bite out of some foods that can keep you nourished when you 're ho .
 suspect in pakistan school massacre arrested <sec> taj muhammad , also known as rizwan , has been arrested , pakistan military says .  he is a suspect in the december school massacre that killed more than 140 in peshawa .
 dad of 9-year-old plane stowaway : 'he 's got a behavioral problem ' <sec> dad of plane stowaway : `` i do n't have an angel , ok . .  i have a 9-year-old '' .  the boy 's parents thought he was at a friend 's house , his dad tells wcco .  the boy sneaked past a `` distracted '' delta agent , airport says .  county worker says boy also sneaked into water park , stole car , newspaper report .
 is the eurozone crisis almost over ? <sec> improvement in sentiment is largely a result of actions taken by ecb head mario draghi .  market commentators should pay more attention to fundamentals and less to fluctuating bond yields .  the end of 2012 is a far cry from the dark days of 2011 when nervousness about the eurozone was at its highes .
 tlc 's 'kate ' deals with rumors of husband 's cheating 'privately ' <sec> kate gosselin : `` you ca n't believe everything you read '' .  gosselin appears on tlc 's `` jon and kate plus 8 '' as mom to sextuplets and twins .  tabloid reports claim gosselin 's husband having affair with another woman .  jon gosselin has denied cheating allegation .
 markets fall on news of kim jong il 's death <sec> death of north korean leader rattles markets across the region .  south korea 's kospi index slides almost 5 % at the open .  markets from australia to japan also sink on the news .  concerns grow over succession struggle in north kore .
 massive food distribution to begin sunday in port-au-prince <sec> the world food programme will roll out food at 16 distribution points across city , agency says .  each location will receive 42 metric tons of rice each for next two weeks .  women will receive vouchers for a 25-kilogram ration of rice per famil .
 thai school 's nazi-themed parade sparks outrage <sec> jewish human rights organization condemns school 's nazi-themed parade .  images show participating students wearing nazi uniforms , giving nazi salute .  simon wiesenthal center called for thai christian leaders to condemn the event .  on school 's website , its director expressed sincere and deep regret over the inciden .
 workers return to the fight at crippled nuclear plant <sec> no damage has been reported from thursday night 's aftershock .  a small amount of radioactive water spilled from another nuclear plant .  workers at fukushima daiichi have been struggling to keep the reactors from overheatin .
 robert durst case brings 'highest levels of weirdness ' <sec> former texas judge says durst case `` affected me in many , many ways '' .  durst is charged with first-degree murder in the slaying of his longtime friend in 200 .
 malaysia airlines plane search a 'massive , massive task ' abbott says <sec> a mother 's lament : `` they only keep saying , 'we are searching ' '' .  abbott predicts a long slog .  `` we 're optimistic , '' u.s. navy commander says .  up to 11 military aircraft , one civil aircraft and 14 ships in sunday searc .
 michigan 's ban on affirmative action upheld by supreme court <sec> key argument in opinion concludes that lower court did n't have authority to set aside michigan law .  michigan law bars publicly funded colleges from granting preferential treatment on the basis of race .  the debate centers on whether affirmative action programs would be phased out in the future .  it 's now possible that other states could seek to act on affirmative actio .
 tiny killer threatens huge albatross <sec> house mouse is threatening survival of tristan albatross and gough bunting .  birds live on remote gough island in southern atlantic .  wildlife charities looking at removing or culling mice populatio .
 body magic : get rich , get thin -- or get real ? <sec> company behind body magic booms amid claims of big money , smaller waistlines .  multilevel marketing businesses draw interest and spur hope during recession .  staying cautious and realistic is important for prospective distributors .  hln money expert clark howard : `` do n't believe it 's paved in gold .
 drew peterson trial goes to the jury <sec> new : jury will start deliberations on wednesday morning .  drew peterson is on trial in the death of his third wife , kathleen savio .  the prosecutor says evidence contradicts the defense theory of an accidental death .  defense says america 's founding fathers would be troubled by this cas .
 kvitova adds wta championship to wimbledon title <sec> petra kvitova defeats victoria azarenka in the final of the wta tour championships .  the czech wins 7-5 4-6 6-3 to add the title to her wimbledon crown earlier this season .  kvitova 's sixth title of the year moves her up to second place in the world ranking .
 iraq banned from international football <sec> iraqi olympic committee stands by decision to disband iraqi football association .  fifa banned iraq from international competition following move .  iraq won asian championship in 2007 but failed to reach next year 's world cu .
 'spider-man ' musical to resume after performer 's accident <sec> an actor fell during the performance and was hospitalized on monday .  new safety protocols are being implemented for the show .  broadway actor recants a facebook post that musical director should be jaile .
 aaron hernandez trial : the latest developments <sec> aaron hernandez on trial for the 2013 death of odin lloyd .  jurors hear of defendant 's demeanor at clu .
 'american idol ' recap : top 10 revealed <sec> elise testone and erika van pelt joined shannon magrane in the bottom three .  randy jackson dismissed magrane immediately following her rehash of `` one sweet day '' .  magrane was eliminated on thursda .
 pope pardons ex-butler jailed over vatican leaks <sec> vatican spokesman : pope benedict xvi pardons his former butler , paolo gabriele .  gabriele was given an 18-month prison term in october for aggravated theft .  he was convicted after leaking private papers from the pope 's apartment .  the papers informed a book that revealed corruption claims within the church hierarch .
 arrest warrant issued in case of hannah graham <sec> new : potential evidence in the case has been sent to a lab for analysis .  jesse matthew is wanted on suspicion of abduction with the intent to defile .  university of virginia student hannah graham was last seen september 13 .  an investigation into her disappearance is ongoin .
 somali militants move fighters to border with kenya <sec> new : kenyan and somali governments pledging cooperation in al-shabaab fight .  new : al-shabaab , which is linked to al qaeda , denies role in recent abductions .  the move of kenyan troops comes after threats from al-shabaab to enter keny .
 teacher accused of showing 10th graders killing , dismemberment video <sec> montreal school suspends teacher , is investigating incident .  video allegedly shows luka magnotta performing sexual acts on body parts .  teacher reportedly showed video as part of daily current events discussio .
 urinating dog triggered argument resulting in 3 officers ' deaths <sec> the officers were the first department fatalities since 1995 .  third officer killed was on his way home after finishing shift .  officers were responding to domestic call in stanton heights area of pittsburgh .  two more officers were injured in the nearly four-hour standoff that ensue .
 sebelius had 'toughest job in washington ' <sec> sebelius became the face of obamacare 's rocky roll out .  officials : sebelius told obama in march that she would resign .  sebelius was a two-term governor in largely republican kansas .  sebelius called her time in d.c. `` the most meaningful work i 've ever been a part of .
 nose for business : do scents make you spend ? <sec> businesses use scents to try to draw and keep customers in stores .  scent marketing began in the u.s. and europe but is now growing in asia .  samsung used aroma to promote its new galaxy sc smartphone .  scent marketer : `` smell goes directly to the emotional part of our brain .
 putin and medvedev , trading places <sec> vladimir putin will run for russian president ; medvedev to become prime minister .  daniel treisman says the change is mostly about preserving the status quo .  he says putin and medvedev both recognize the importance of keeping economy growing .  treisman : the two work together , dividing up tasks in bid to remain in powe .
 nyc halloween parade revives as donations top $ 50,000 <sec> superstorm sandy forced cancellation of parade in 2012 , causing financial losses .  organizers say they raised $ 56,030 from 900 donors to fund this year 's event .  this is the 40th anniversary of the event , which boasts thousands of participant .
 watching the world cup ? forget 3d , it 's all about 4k now <sec> the demand for 3d television has not been as great as originally expected .  the need to wear 3d glasses clashed with the multi-screen experience many demand .  4k technology is taking over -- some world cup games will be filmed using this ultra high-definition technolog .
 frustrated progressives start to look beyond obama <sec> dems disagree over whether to stick with centrist agenda or embrace left-wing populism .  obama `` so far has had a lot of missed opportunities , '' progressive leader says .  when 2016 rolls around , pragmatists might drown out progessives , expert say .
 apple , jobs ' family remember his 'extraordinary gifts ' <sec> new : company to schedule celebration of jobs ' life for employees .  apple ceo tim cook sends an e-mail to employees .  apple 's board of directors praises jobs ' `` brilliance , passion and energy '' .  jobs ' family says he died peacefully surrounded by relative .
 novel : father-in-law refuses his blessing <sec> the novel `` lovesick '' is about when love runs up against crime .  andrew altman wants to marry the girl he 's in love with .  but the young suitor runs into a ring of geriatric gangster .
 solve your 'plumbing ' problems <sec> doing kegel exercises twice a day will help prevent bladder leakage .  a simple culture can confirm a uti and most are treatable with antibiotics .  the number of women with kidney stones has nearly doubled in the last 20 year .
 hong kong media hq , tycoon residence attacked <sec> a hong kong media hq and the residence of its founder , tycoon jimmy lai chee-ying were attacked monday morning .  molotov cocktails were hurled at the front gates in both incidents .  police are investigating the cases , no arrests have been mad .
 what if greece ca n't manage payback ? <sec> richard ehrman says anxiety about next month 's poll results extends beyond greece .  the rise of the left wing syriza grouping and its leader alexis tsipras has rattled the markets .  but ehrman says tsipras has been alone in spelling out the truth on the euro .  ehrman : if the election is treated as a referendum it could define whether the eurozone survive .
 21 hurt as car , train collide in los angeles <sec> commuter train and car collide near the usc campus .  21 people hurt ; 10 are taken to the hospita .
 ahmadinejad : iran welcomes obama overtures <sec> u.s. seeking opportunities for `` face to face '' dialogue with iran , says obama .  iranian president ahmadinejad : we welcome obama comments .  u.s. has not had diplomatic ties with iran for nearly three decades .  ahmadinejad makes speech as iranians mark 30th anniversary of islamic revolution .
 3rd american airlines flight in a week experiences loose seats <sec> the seats came loose during three flights on two planes .  american airlines is evaluating dozens of planes `` out of abundance of caution '' .  the company says it has found six planes with seats that were not properly secured .  a pilots union an american could resume contract negotiations as early as wednesda .
 advertisers find new space -- on matador capes <sec> matador joselito ortega will use capes embroidered with the words `` gay up '' .  `` gay up '' is the name of a non-alcoholic energy drink in spain .  industry experts : first time advertising will appear on bullfighter 's capes .  ortega , who says he 's not gay , has been gored six or seven time .
 arsenal sign young winger oxlade-chamberlain <sec> arsenal sign teenage winger alex oxlade-chamberlain from southampton .  deal worth a reported $ 24.5 million for the 17-year-old prospect .  new : danish international nicklas bendtner to leave arsenal .  carlos tevez back training at man city for the first time since move to corinthians fell throug .
 planned parenthood loses bid to delay texas funding law <sec> as of tuesday , planned parenthood is cut from the state 's women 's health program .  the law puts funding of women 's health clinics in state hands rather than federal .  no clinics associated with abortion providers can receive any of the mone .
 online courses need human element to educate <sec> douglas rushkoff : education is under threat , but online computer courses are not to blame .  he says education 's value hard to measure ; is it for making money or being engaged ? .  he says massive open online courses lack human exchange with teachers .  rushkoff : moocs should bring together people to share studies , maintain education 's humanit .
 army declares martial law in thailand <sec> analyst : military is trying to convince protesters to go home , `` dial down the tensions '' .  government aide calls the situation `` half a coup d'etat , '' says military 's action was unilateral .  thailand 's army has declared martial law but stresses the move is not a coup .  professor : the situation is `` very volatile .
 strokes ' debut tops album of the decade poll <sec> `` is this it '' topped the 100 greatest albums of the decade list compiled by a panel of musicians , producers , writers .  released in 2001 , `` is this it '' was features hits such as `` last night '' and `` hard to explain .  libertines ' debut `` up the bracket '' second and primal scream 's `` xtrmntr '' thir .
 end stonewalling on shootings by cops ( opinion ) <sec> errol louis : by chance a bystander video caught south carolina officer shooting apparently unarmed black man .  federal law on reporting of such shootings goes unenforced -- how many instances do we never hear about ? .  he asks .  louis : it 's long past time for officials to tell the truth -- even when there 's no vide .
 what is russia doing in ukraine , and what can west do ? <sec> evidence russian troops , weaponry are being used in ukraine , despite kremlin denials .  russia looking to prevent ukraine turning to west , leaving its sphere of influence .  western leaders considering further sanctions , other ways to send message to moscow .  putin has warned others not to get involved : `` we are a nuclear superpower . .
 uefa cracks down on 23 clubs by withholding prize money <sec> uefa withholds payment of prize money to 23 clubs .  clubs punished for owing money to other teams , employees or failing to pay taxes .  europa league and european super cup winners atletico is one of the 23 clubs to be punished .  payment of prize money will be withheld until the clubs have paid the money owin .
 republican spotlight shifts from obama to clinton <sec> after wednesday 's benghazi hearing , many on the right are shifting their aim at hillary clinton .  the incident in benghazi is a stain on clinton 's record as america 's top diplomat .  before she stepped down , clinton testified for hours on the benghazi attac .
 5 dead , scores injured in belgium grenade , gun attack <sec> new : spokeswoman : a 23-month old baby dies from wounds in a belgian hospital .  two teenage boys , an elderly woman and the attacker are also dead , liege prosecutor says .  the number injured in the attack now stands at 119 , liege police say .  the attacker , who served 40 months in jail , showed no sign of mental illness , a source say .
 sri lankan army claims key rebel strongholds <sec> sri lankan army web site : two heavily fortified defense positions overrun .  claims came a day after sri lanka ordered end to combat operations .  sri lanka : forces ordered to cease use of heavy-caliber guns , combat aircraft .  rebels say fighter bombers continued to bomb civilian targets after announcemen .
 leftist claims el salvador presidency <sec> new : fmln 's funes had 51.27 percent of the vote , with 84 percent of ballots counted .  a funes victory would end 20-year hold by the right-leaning arena .  by some estimates , 75,000 salvadorans died during the civil wa .
 flooding swamps communities in mid-atlantic , northeast <sec> susquehanna river begins to crest in pennsylvania , new york state .  storm brought 15.37 inches of rain to elizabethtown , pennsylvania .  susquehanna river nearly 17 feet above flood stage near wilkes-barre .  wilkes-barre , pennsylvania , officials say they believe levees will hol .
 opinion : turkey 's teflon politician targets top post <sec> karabekir akkoyunlu says turkey has excessively centralized political architecture .  that has allowed those who attain control of the state to force their will on the entire population , he writes .  he says erdogan understands power and pursues it like no other politician in turkey 's modern histor .
 isis , other extremists targeting aid workers ( opinion ) <sec> american aid worker and isis hostage kayla mueller was reported killed .  manal omar : the targeting of aid workers is not ne .
 tapping into world cup buzz ? europe 's soccer giants head stateside <sec> a host of europe 's top soccer clubs are heading for america to prepare for domestic seasons .  european champions real madrid stateside as well as man city and real madrid .  clubs hoping to cash in on the buzz in the u.s. prompted by recent world cup in brazil .  record viewing figures underlined how popular brazil tournament was in americ .
 at naval academy graduation , lives of mccain , obama overlap <sec> son of sen. john mccain , the former gop presidential candidate , graduates .  jack mccain shakes hands with obama , who delivers commencement address .  he is the fourth mccain to graduate from naval academy .  obama vows to not send them to war unless it is `` absolutely necessary .
