 albuquerque teen accused of killing 5 wanted a massacre , sheriff says <sec> new : initial court appearance for 15-year-old suspect waived .  new : weapons used in slayings were purchased legally .  nehemiah griego wanted `` mass destruction , '' the sheriff says .  griego will face charges as an adult of killing his parents and three sibling .
 motogp maestro marquez seeks to banish brno blip in britain <sec> marc marquez is seeking to bounce back at this weekend 's british grand prix .  the motogp leader finished fourth in brno , ending his unbeaten run in 2014 .  honda teammate dani pedrosa is only other rider to win a race this season .  yamaha 's jorge lorenzo seeking his third successive silverstone succes .
 federer and nadal talk up u.s. open duel <sec> rafael nadal feels fit for u.s. open after returning from knee injury .  spaniard aims to seal career grand slam with victory at flushing meadows .  roger federer is in good form after winning key hard-court warm up event .  swiss confident of bid to capture sixth successive u.s. open titl .
 lil wayne detained in texas after marijuana found on tour buses <sec> rapper lil wayne was detained by u.s. border patrol agents in texas on friday .  a drug dog detected marijuana on two of his tour buses , an agent says .  police : buses were en route to laredo after a concert stop in hidalgo , texas .  prison sentence stemming from gun charges awaits rapper in new yor .
 cink vows to give his all for back-to-back british open success <sec> stewart cink promises `` fiercely competitive '' british open defense at st andrews .  cink says he was inspired by lucas glover in 2009 turnberry success .  the open will celebrate its 150th anniversary at the home of golf next week .  two-time winner greg norman pulls out of tournament with a shoulder injur .
 bodies found after moroccan protests <sec> new : interior minister says vandalism broke out after the demonstrations .  the bodies were found in a bank in al hoceima , an official says .  the demonstrations were mostly peaceful .  activists say police responded with tear gas and rubber bullets in one cit .
 your facebook life in 62 seconds <sec> facebook has created a customized video for most of its 1.2 billion users .  the video shows a handful of your most-liked posts and some of your photos .  tuesday marks the 10th anniversary of the social networ .
 survival in a siege : leaves become food , faith becomes strength <sec> as a truce in homs holds , life comes back to the old town area .  but for a brother and sister , life never left despite two years of shelling and scarcity .  zeinat and ayman akhras ate leaves from trees in a graveyard to stay alive .  `` you have no idea when you will be able to get out ... sometimes we just cried .
 can computers take the place of teachers ? <sec> sugata mitra : experiments show students can teach themselves with computers .  he says students showed remarkable progress by working in teams .  adult mediators can help further this kind of learning even without formal teacher training , he say .
 kristen wiig and ben affleck to host 'saturday night live ' <sec> former 'snl ' star kristen wiig is returning to host on may 11 .  it will be her debut turn as host of the show .  ben affleck will host the may 18 finale .  vampire weekend will perform may 11 , and kanye west will perform may 1 .
 chinese bombing victim followed passion to boston <sec> lingzi lu was a graduate student in math and statistics .  she had gone to the race with two friends .  the day she died , she posted a picture of her breakfast to a social media websit .
 obama pledges u.s. support for libya after gadhafi <sec> new : dozens outside of the white house celebrate gadhafi 's death .  vp biden says `` the nato alliance worked like it was designed to do '' .  the president says gadhafi 's death ends a `` long and painful chapter '' .  nato 's leader announces the alliance will end its mission in liby .
 south korean ferry survivors : passengers told to stay put <sec> ferry captain : `` i 'm sorry , i have nothing to say , '' jtbc reports .  analyst : instructions to stay put were `` terribly , tragically wrong '' .  coast guard : at least 9 people are dead ; 287 are missing .  survivor : `` kids were forced to stay put , so only some of those who moved survived .
 amputee , doctor of poor faces losing his home <sec> luis caplan , 71 , committed his life to the poor ; now , he faces losing his home .  on the stimulus bill , he asks , `` what happens to the real middle class ? '' .  stimulus plan offers a $ 15,000 tax credit for homebuyers to try to spur the marke .
 long lines for early voting before tuesday 's election <sec> new : new york governor says voters can cast ballots in any precinct .  new : `` i am really tired , but it is worth it , '' says a woman in line in miami .  a judge will hear arguments over provisional ballots in ohio on wednesday .  new jersey allows electronic ballots for storm-stricken town .
 man arrested in france in plot to attack churches <sec> suspect identified by french authorities as sid ahmed ghlam .  prosecutor : someone in syria asked the arrested man to target french churches .  evidence connects terror plot suspect to the killing of aurelie chatelain , he say .
 christie on ebola policy : 'we 're not moving an inch ' <sec> new jersey gov . .  chris christie responded to critics of his state 's ebola policies .  christie referred to his actions as `` common sense '' and being `` careful '' .  the republican governor is considering a 2016 presidential bi .
 chopper read , larger-than-life australian criminal , dies <sec> mark `` chopper '' read dies after battle with liver cancer , agent says .  he was once one of australia 's most colorful and violent underworld figures .  read was portrayed by eric bana in the 2000 film based on his exploits `` chopper '' .  despite spending decades in prison , read cultivated a successful media caree .
 obama congratulates michael sam , first openly gay nfl draftee <sec> obama also congratulated the nfl .  sam was drafted by the st. louis rams in the 7th round .  sam played defensive end for the university of missouri .  he came out in february , telling espn : `` i 'm an openly proud gay man ' .
 canada plane crash : 5 die in regional airliner in ontario ; 2 escape <sec> bearskin airlines flight crashes just short of runway in red lake , ontario .  one passenger pulls another to safety before flames engulf plane .  two pilots , three passengers killed .  all aboard were canadian citizen .
 colombian negotiators meet with farc rebels in cuba <sec> talks are expected to resume next week .  land reform forums scheduled .  `` this is just the beginning , '' a farc negotiator says .  the guerrillas announced a cease-fire earlier this mont .
 execution scheduled for former florida cop convicted of nine murders <sec> manuel pardo , 56 was convicted of nine murders in florida in the 1980s .  sentenced to death , he is scheduled to be executed on tuesday .  his attorneys continue to appeal on competency and civil rights ground .
 newspaper alleges gordon brown e-mail may have been hacked <sec> the independent says brown may have been a target when he was chancellor .  brown and police refuse to comment .  police are probing e-mail hacking in connection with phone hacking .  the scandal started at news of the world and has sprea .
 the next hacking frontier : your brain ? <sec> scientists can use thoughts to operate computers , wheelchairs and twitter .  as tech develops , risk of `` brain hacking '' become more real , scientists say .  neurosurgical focus article says risks are slim now .  but security `` should proceed in lockstep with the technology , '' expert say .
 kosovo bank leader arrested in corruption probe <sec> officials say hashim rexhepi was arrested after investigators searched his home .  police also searched the homes of three others suspects .  the investigation includes allegations of accepting bribes and money launderin .
 far-right marchers rally amid tensions over woolwich killing <sec> tensions are high following the slaying of a british soldier in london on wednesday .  police say 1,500-2,000 people joined a far-right edl march in newcastle .  `` we can not allow this soldier 's death to be in vain , '' the group 's leader says .  imams sign a letter condemning the murder in woolwich as a senseless act of depravit .
 opinion : obama must act on syria chemical weapons <sec> frida ghitis : obama administration confirmed syria regime used chemical weapons .  ghitis : this crosses obama 's `` red line ; '' will he act ? .  possible to do so without u.s. forces .  she says arming rebels with values similar to u.s. one option ; another is no-fly zones .  ghitis : not acting would legitimize use of chemical weapons , upend u.s. authorit .
 liechtenstein works to shake off 'tax haven ' tag <sec> liechtenstein is one of europe 's most robust economies .  it 's attempting to shake its tag as a tax haven following international pressure .  liechtenstein 's prince alois says he is concerned about the eurozone crisi .
 an insider 's guide to sunny fort lauderdale <sec> fort lauderdale 's best views are of the water with cocktails in hand .  do n't forget sunscreen -- the pink people stand out as tourists .  get a look at the glitzy side of the city from the jungle queen riverboa .
 strollers recalled over finger amputation alert <sec> maclaren says some of it strollers pose a risk of finger amputations .  recall affects nearly one million strollers sold in the united states .  manufacturer has issued kit to make hinges saf .
 journalist wins cnn award for personal syria story <sec> cnn international presented cnn journalist award for excellent international coverage to up-and-coming journalists .  awards were inspirational testament to the power of good journalis .
 fish fry bridges tourist/local gap on turks and caicos <sec> tourists rarely interact with locals while visiting turks and caicos island .  thursday night fish fries bring visitors out of hotels to hang with locals .  the fish fries feature local vendors and restaurants tourists do n't usually frequen .
 oscars 2015 : the winners list <sec> the 87th academy awards aired sunday night on abc .  `` birdman , '' with four oscars , was the night 's big winne .
 raikkonen triumphs as force india on podium <sec> kimi raikkonen claims fourth belgian formula one grand prix victory at spa .  giancarlo fisichella earns force india 's first podium place by finishing second .  jenson button still leads driver standings despite crashing out on opening la .
 smelly girl scout cookies ok to eat <sec> baker says it received complaints about bad smell , taste .  lemon chalet cremes are safe for consumers , they say .  some oils improperly break down in cookies .  girl scout councils will receive replacement boxe .
 'backpacking ' u.s. envoy a hit in china <sec> gary locke named as the new u.s. ambassador to china .  former u.s. commerce secretary pictured by passing chinese traveler .  locke was at starbucks without any security and carrying his own backpack .  bloggers impressed by his understated style compared with chinese diplomat .
 texas plane crash pilot : 'i have just had enough ' <sec> former bandmate says stack was easygoing ; `` i ca n't believe it 's the same person '' .  online rant is believed to be suicide note from apparent pilot joseph andrew stack .  in the long message , the writer rails against the government and , particularly , the irs .  stack 's company site changed two days ago , indicating he may have had a pla .
 q & a : bloody sunday inquiry <sec> longest-running inquiry in british history looked into 1972 northern ireland killings .  13 people killed on the spot by british soldiers , while 1 died later .  probe heard from thousands of witnesses over a dozen years , costing $ 280 million .  investigation could reopen old wound .
 nadal suffers shock monte carlo defeat to countryman david ferrer <sec> david ferrer defeats rafael nadal in quarterfinals of monte carlo masters .  win marks ferrer 's first clay court victory over nadal in a decade .  ferrer will now face australian open champion stanislas wawrinka in semifinal .
 canada 's high court : change prostitution laws <sec> canada 's supreme court justices voted unanimously .  ruling pertains to prohibitions on brothels , profiting from the act of prostitution or talking about it .  canadian lawmakers have one year to redraft laws , justice sai .
 5 favorite moments from wednesday at the sochi olympics <sec> husband : how was your day ? .  wife : great , i got a bronze . .  you ? .  husband : a gold .  bobsled buddies separated by slimmest of margins .  norwegian biathlete needs to build addition for trophy case .  mr. gs leaves field in his snowdus .
 four dead in shooting spree in upstate new york counties <sec> suspect went door-to-door in search of victims ' residence , authorities say .  christopher glatz , 45 , and wife kim , 38 , were shot `` execution-style '' in home .  the couple 's teenage children at suburban rochester home but were not injured .  mary sillman , 23 , and randall norman , 41 , shot at a hospital earlier saturda .
 syrian opposition : tortured bodies found in homs hospital <sec> free syria army captured homs hospital from syrian government forces , activists say .  president bashar al-assad 's forces used the hospital as a detention center , activist says .  cnn could not independently confirm the activists ' clai .
 iggy pop : my life as a transformer -- and a monkey <sec> iggy pop is touring europe with his band the stooges .  it follows the completion of only their fifth album in 45 years .  early reviews speak of the 65 year-old 's boundless energ .
 the face of univision talks about immigration <sec> jorge ramos is the main news anchor for spanish language station , univision .  he came to the united states from mexico in his 20s .  he is critical of obama for not getting an immigration bill in his first year in offic .
 2 spanish soldiers among 6 coalition troops killed in afghanistan <sec> 2 spanish troops are killed by an improvised explosive device , the defense ministry says .  3 other coalition troops also die sunday , reports the international security assistance force .  271 coalition troops have been killed this year in afghanistan , and 2,542 since 200 .
 afghan police deaths double as international troops exit <sec> nearly 1,800 afghan police lose their lives between march and august .  local forces say they need better weapons and armored vehicles .  nato and american combat forces plan to leave the country by the end of 201 .
 nora ephron , prolific writer and filmmaker , dies at age 71 <sec> ephron , 71 , is known for creating strong female characters in her stories .  she got oscar nominations for screenplays , including `` when harry met sally '' .  she also directed `` julie & julia , '' which earned meryl streep an oscar nomination .  `` she changed romantic comedy forever , '' actress debra messing say .
 crime stats test rationale behind arizona immigration law <sec> fbi statistics : violent crimes reported declined by nearly 1,500 over four years .  reported property crimes also fell , by about 8,000 , between 2005 and 2008 .  cnn fact check : kidnapping is up in phoenix , but murderers ' status ca n't be proven .  arizona immigration trends murky , largely due to declining border apprehension .
 analysts : 'soft coup ' court ruling could reignite egyptian revolution <sec> renewed street demonstrations could be in egypt 's near future , experts say .  high court ruling dissolves new parliament , further empowering the military .  events amount to a `` soft coup '' for the military , often seen as a bulwark against islamists .  `` egypt is entering into a very dangerous stage , '' analyst say .
 when classmates let the secret out of the sleigh bag <sec> what should a parent do when children corner them , asking about santa ? .  children younger than 7 are likely to believe what their parents tell them .  one answer : a lot of people believe different things about sant .
 appeals court rejects virginia same-sex marriage ban <sec> the ruling was another victory for gay and lesbian couples seeking the right to wed .  the decision was from a three-judge panel of the appeals court in richmond .  decision also affects bans in north carolina , south carolina and west virginia .  new : ruling can be appealed to full appeals court ; could wind up at supreme cour .
 drug sentence for bbc dj highlights uae 's strict laws <sec> grooverider sentence highlights uae 's strict drug rules .  the dj was jailed for four years in dubai on tuesday for possession of cannabis .  he was arrested november 23 after being caught with 2.16 grams of the drug .  the emirates have an unusually strict approach to enforcing their drug law .
 mccain defends opposition to gi bill <sec> new : sen. john mccain says general must have time to bring stability to iraq .  mccain says gi bill sponsored by democrats would hurt military .  mccain , sen. barack obama sparring over expanded veterans ' education benefits .  president bush will attend a fundraiser for mccain in arizon .
 supreme court asked to permit same-sex marriage in utah <sec> supreme court justice sonia sotomayor issued injunction on tuesday .  utah sought relief from lower court ruling allowing same-sex marriages .  any supreme court action would be temporary as appeals continue to play ou .
 in n. africa terror battle , u.s. should lead from way behind <sec> blake hounshell : critics focused on clinton 's fiery comments at hearing , not more pressing issue .  he says focus should be danger of u.s. getting drawn into fighting extremists in n. africa .  he says it 's not clear what threat al qaeda in the islamic maghreb poses to u.s . .  hounshell : u.s. should lead from way behind french , african forces while developing strateg .
 pregnant catherine cancels games appearance <sec> catherine , duchess of cambridge , will not be attending the invictus games , palace says .  she and prince william are expecting their second child , royal officials said this week .  catherine is suffering from acute morning sickness .  the invictus games for injured service members are backed by prince harr .
 what is al qaeda in the arabian peninsula ? <sec> the yemen-based al qaeda affiliate has played a part in several attacks against the west .  one or both of the kouachi brothers are believed to have had contact with aqap in yeme .
 raul breaks record as real madrid close gap <sec> raul gonzalez scores two as real madrid beat sporting gijon 4-0 on sunday .  the goals ensure the 31-year-old breaks aldfredo di stefano 's scoring record .  real 's eighth consecutive win closes gap on leaders barcelona to 10 point .
 super pac says it 's leveling playing field ; unions disagree <sec> how does labor union political activity square up with super pac ? .  union representatives oppose comparison on principle .  election could be a test run for new era of big money in politic .
 new approach by conservatives on immigration ? <sec> evangelical students , pastors , faith leaders gathered for conference on immigration .  ali noorani says discourse was reasonable and respectful .  leaders saw responsibility to feed the hungry without regard to immigration status , he says .  noorani : americans want reasonable , humane solutions to immigration problem .
 timeline : leads in the hunt for flight 370 weave drama <sec> the long list of leads in the search for flight 370 spins a dramatic narrative .  all of the reported objects floating in the ocean have proven to be false leads .  the best leads have now placed the search closer to australia 's west coast .  has the case-breaking lead finally arrived with a discovery of a pulse signal .
 at least 150 reported killed across syria ; activist says families executed <sec> new : activists report 62 killed in damascus and its suburbs , including an entire family .  video shows syrian vp in damascus after defection claims .  an opposition activist says daraya is under fire because it revolted against the regime .  440 people were reported dead saturday , including more than 200 bodies found in daray .
 opinion : rnc in cleveland is a slam dunk <sec> paul sracic : the selection of cleveland to host the gop convention makes a lot of sense .  ohio has been a key state in presidential elections , and every little bit helps , he says .  three counties -- cuyahoga , franklin , hamilton -- will likely determine the next presiden .
