 a high-tech hunt for pirates off horn of africa <sec> nato 's operation ocean shield chases pirates off horn of africa .  captain of high tech hdms iver huitfeldt says top goal is keeping pirates on shore .  212 crew members of various ships in region were held hostage by pirates in 201 .
 isis set to capture kobani , finish major land grab <sec> military official : many isis targets in kobani are too close to border for airstrikes .  a witness says hundreds are trying to leave the syrian city ; `` we 'll get killed if we stay '' .  many fighters on both sides have been killed in fighting , a witness says .  kurdish official : `` we did n't choose this war , but we are obliged to fight .
 analyst : we underestimated north korea <sec> the united states is set to blame north korea for the massive hack at sony .  it 's not the first time north korea would be accused of launching such an attack .  `` in pyongyang , they 're probably popping the champagne corks , '' says one analys .
 texas actress first accuses husband , but she 's arrested in ricin case <sec> shannon richardson , 35 , initially told fbi her husband sent ricin-tainted letters .  but she failed polygraph , and husband said she wanted to end marriage , fbi says .  before her arrest , she allegedly admits to mailing letters , but says husband forced her .  her husband files for divorce ; she 's also pregnant , divorce lawsuit say .
 rooney scores hat-trick as united hit eight past arsenal <sec> wayne rooney scores a hat-trick as manchester united thrash arsenal 8-2 .  it is the first time arsenal have conceded eight goals in a league game since 1896 .  united are level at the top with manchester city , who hammer tottenham 5- .
 the world 's greatest super-yachts <sec> the world 's largest privately owned super-yacht is dubai , which is 160m long .  some super-yachts boast pools , helipads , jacuzzis and submarines .  roman abramovich is rumored to be building a new boat -- with two helipads .  the fort lauderdale boat show gets underway at the end of octobe .
 endeavour set to blast off in february <sec> this will be first of five launches this year before the shuttle fleet is retired .  nasa is scheduled to launch space shuttle endeavour on february 7 .  shuttle will deliver final u.s. portion of the international space station .  nasa has been looking for places to house the shuttles once they are retire .
 holder assigns prosecutors to investigate leaks <sec> attorney general holder : prosecutors to `` doggedly follow the facts '' .  mccain charges obama did n't `` unequivocally '' say that no leaks came from white house .  the president says he has `` zero tolerance '' for leaks .  congressional leaders seek to halt increasing leaks of classified informatio .
 india court strikes down internet arrest law <sec> supreme court rules section 66a of the 2008 information technology act was `` unconstitutional '' .  offenders previously faced up to three years in jail for posting `` grossly offensive '' material .  court said this wording was vague and was misused by polic .
 paterno family and others file lawsuit against ncaa <sec> the 40-page lawsuit was filed in common pleas court on thursday .  ncaa sanctions against penn state include a $ 60 million fine .  louis freeh says family review was `` self-serving '' .  freeh review finds joe paterno and others showed `` shocking disregard '' for victim .
 real madrid complete signing of lens defender varane <sec> real madrid have signed defender raphael varane from lens for a fee of $ 14m .  the 18-year-old has signed a six-year contract with the spanish giants .  varane impressed for lens last season despite their relegation from ligue .
 special forces rescue ship from pirates , italy says <sec> new : the crew threw a message overboard in a bottle to say they were safely barricaded .  italy 's defense minister is signing a deal with italian ship owners .  the area has become infested with pirates .  somali pirates hold about 400 hostages , the international maritime bureau say .
 oklahoma man says wife 's death was sex fantasy accident <sec> rebecca sedille died december 21 from a gunshot wound to the head .  her husband , arthur sedille , says the shooting was an accident .  affidavit : arthur sedille often held a gun to his wife 's head during fantasy sex play .  authorities say no formal charges have yet been file .
 lebanon 's missing history : why school books ignore the past <sec> lebanese civil war lasted 15 years , leaving 150,000 dead .  young lebanese growing up with little formal education about the conflict .  to avoid inflaming hostilities , lebanese history textbooks stop in 1943 .  teaching of history in lebanon is `` subject to the interests of various political groups , '' says minister of educatio .
 barbados festival <sec> the caribbean 's hot summertime festival may have just wrapped , but we 're still reveling in the color burst .  barbados ' vibrant crop over festival ended august 4 .  the festival has evolved from a harvest celebration to the greatest representation of the islan .
 ferrari extend massa contract until end of 2013 <sec> felipe massa to stay at ferrari until end of 2013 at least .  ferrari hope move will quash speculation linking them with sebastian vettel .  announcement also made in bid to help fernando alonso win first ferrari drivers ' title since 200 .
 trump seeks damages in 'cybersquatting ' case <sec> donald trump files countersuit seeking $ 400,000 from j. taikwok yung of brooklyn .  yung filed a complaint in 2011 seeking to keep four trump-related domain names .  memorandum filed on thursday calls yung a `` brazen '' and `` unrepentant '' cybersquatter .  law prohibits registering well-known trademarks with intent to profit from rightful owner .
 death toll climbs to 161 in philippines earthquake <sec> the death toll from the earthquake in the philippines rises to 161 ; 375 are injured .  the quake was centered near a town in bohol province .  it hit on a national holiday in the philippine .
 hacker group lulzsec says it is disbanding <sec> the group claims to have hacked the cia website , among others .  it says it hacks websites to push them to increase security .  but it also says it does so because it 's fu .
 charlie hebdo attack : 'it was a slaughter ' <sec> journalist martin boudot , colleagues ran to roof when shooting started .  he saw bodies of the dead , said survivors were in shock .  doctor who treated wounded said gunmen separated men from women before shooting .  not a spray of bullets , more like an execution , doctor said of shootin .
 insane clown posse sues fbi for labeling 'juggalo ' fans a gang <sec> `` juggalos are a 'family ' of people who love and help one another , '' suit says .  fbi analyst concluded in 2011 insane clown posse fans are a `` loosely-organized hybrid gang '' .  gang designation violates free speech , free association and due process rights , suit says .  every large group includes `` a relative handful engaged in criminal activity , '' suit contend .
 apple may go black , white and flat for ios 7 <sec> apple is expected to unveil ios 7 at its developers conference that kicks off june 10 .  blog 9to5 mac is reporting that ive 's look for ios 7 will be `` black , white and flat all over '' .  apps such as mail , calendar and maps will reportedly gain a more unified loo .
 obama attends asian summit , hails plane sales deal <sec> myanmar will chair asean group in 2014 .  the president will take part in the asean economic summit .  the u.s. will expand its role in shaping the asia pacific region , obama say .
 immigration debate : high-stakes political poker <sec> leaked draft of president obama 's immigration plan sparks uproar .  some republicans accuse the president of undermining senate talks .  the white house calls the draft a backup plan if congress fails to act .  a bipartisan group of senators is working on a possible agreemen .
 meredith baxter : yes , i 'm gay <sec> the national enquirer first revealed that meredith baxter had been on a lesbian cruise .  as a result of the story , baxter has come out on radio , tv and to people magazine .  she has been in a relationship with partner nancy locke for four years .  she feels like she 's being honest for the first tim .
 opinion : wife-beating is not a private matter <sec> jeffrey toobin : ray rice case mirrors alabama judge 's case ; both got plea deals .  he says audio of judge mark fuller documents beating ; cops say wife had injuries .  fuller said issue should be resolved within family . .  toobin : he 's mistaken .  toobin : it 's not up to couples to decide charges , it 's a crime for legal syste .
 cnn poll : afghanistan war still unpopular , but troop increase is n't <sec> fifty-five percent of people polled say they 're against war in afghanistan .  but 59 percent of those polled say they favor sending more u.s. troops .  seven in 10 black respondents are opposed to this war , higher than white oppositio .
 2014 women of the year ( opinion ) <sec> frida ghitis : 2014 is a year in which many women fought back against injustices .  the women who make up the army defending kobani , iraq , are brave to take on isis .  malala , an advocate for girls ' education , became the youngest person to win the noble prize .  josephine finda sellu was incredibly courageous to help sierra leone fight ebol .
 green business blog : the devastating cost of diamonds <sec> cnn has asked businesses to explain their concept of `` going green '' .  jeweler salina khan fuchigami uses cubic zirconia instead of diamonds .  khan fuchigami : `` diamond mining practices have huge ecological impacts '' .  blog series is part of cnn 's `` going green '' coverage from june 15 to july 1 .
 ebola outbreak : 2nd person dies in mali <sec> this is the second confirmed death from ebola in mali , the health ministry says .  the first case was a toddler who died last month .  the clinic where the nurse died has been quarantined , officials sa .
 by the numbers : drones <sec> the u.s. military first began researching and using unmanned aerial vehicles in 1917 .  general atomics aeronautical systems and northrup grumman dominate drone market .  41 % of u.s. department of defense aircraft are unmanned .  there have been 1,014 drone permits issued since 200 .
 u.s. asks court to preserve obamacare contraception mandate - cnnpolitics.com <sec> supreme court justice soniya sotomayor issued emergency injunction on tuesday .  the case again puts obamacare in legal spotlight .  case prompted by suit from denver-based charity run by nuns .  ruling could impact dozens of religious groups and businesse .
 vigil for teen who died in police custody turns violent <sec> new : jesus huerta 's sister says a federal investigation is needed .  police chief says he is proud of his officers ' restraint , professionalism at vigil .  huerta , 17 , died of a gunshot wound while handcuffed in a police cruiser .  gunpowder detected on huerta 's gloves but not on officer 's hands , police sa .
 singapore stopover : make the most of your travel time <sec> singapore 's condensed nature means it is possible to explore the city in just a few hours .  lonely planet 's shawn low says there are scores of activities for those short of time .  he highlights visiting the botanic gardens and little india as two genuine singapore experience .
 ryder cup : rickie fowler shows u.s. patriotism with haircut <sec> rickie fowler unveils a patriotic haircut ahead of this week 's ryder cup .  the american has `` usa '' shaved into the side of his head .  the ryder cup pits american and european golfers against each other .  the 2014 match takes place in scotland later this wee .
 shutdown furloughs about to hit nuclear safety agency - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the nuclear regulatory commission expects to furlough about 3,900 people this week .  no resolution in sight to congressional impasse over funding that triggered shutdown .  inspectors would remain at nuclear plants , but other workers would not be on the jo .
 severe weather slams upper midwest ; mid-atlantic may be next <sec> new : the mid-atlantic will most likely have severe weather thursday .  new : trees and power lines are downed west of chicago .  50 mph wind gusts , dime-sized hail in chicago ; stronger winds seen elsewhere .  tornado watches extend as far east as pennsylvania , west virgini .
 pharmacy says cleaners should share blame for meningitis outbreak <sec> the meningitis outbreak has left dozens dead nationwide .  unifirst corp. acknowledged that it provided `` once-a-month cleaning services '' .  it calls the new england compounding center 's claims `` without merit , '' the filing say .
 motor city looks to final four for economic boost <sec> new : michigan state , north carolina to vie for national title .  men 's final four could n't come at a better time for hard-hit capital of the auto industry .  detroit 's jobless rate is highest in nation , and auto industry bailouts bode ill for future .  the participation of nearby michigan state in the event adds icing on the cak .
 oregon shooting victim 'did n't deserve what he got ' <sec> new : `` be happy like emilio . .  smile like him . .  laugh like him , '' his mother says .  emilio hoffman was killed in the school shooting in troutdale .  he was 14 and a standout soccer player .  friends remember the sweetness beneath a tough person .
 top 25 all-inclusive resorts around the world <sec> these 25 all-inclusive resorts include drinks , food and fun .  most are clustered in mexico and the caribbean , with a few exceptions .  brazil , greece and egypt also made the lis .
 the truth is still out there : will 'x-files ' return ? <sec> fox ceo confirms `` conversations '' about bringing back hit sci-fi series .  actress gillian anderson urges fans to tweet # xfiles2015 to fo .
 bush calls meeting with obama 'friendly ' <sec> new : president bush calls meeting with president-elect obama `` constructive '' .  laura bush gave michelle obama a tour while president , obama met .  bush and president-elect were expected to discuss `` broad range of issues '' .  obama campaigned against what he called bush 's `` failed policies .
 ferguson 's 'resistance ' march advances to st. louis <sec> new : protesters threw rocks at police early sunday , police say .  mom and daughter travel 750 miles to st. louis on a shoestring budget to join protest .  there are no arrests , injuries or property damage in civil disobedience march , police say .  the protests are to demand justice for mike brown and other victims of police violenc .
 lawyer : cosby being vilified by 'unsubstantiated , fantastical stories ' <sec> `` a guy does n't have to answer to innuendos , '' cosby tells newspaper .  cosby has been accused in the press by a number of women who say they were sexually assaulted .  the comedian , who is 77 , has never been charged with any such crime .  his attorney tells press to stop reporting new allegations because they are absur .
 sugarland 's lead singer says band not responsible for indiana stage collapse <sec> lead singer says she was never asked to delay the show .  jennifer nettles says she would have complied if asked .  seven people were killed when a stage collapsed at the indiana state fair last year .  more than 40 others were injure .
 french-led forces in mali take timbuktu airport , enter city <sec> `` we are winning in mali , '' french president says .  french forces are fighting the remaining islamists in timbuktu .  militants are reported to be fleeing to another city farther northeast .  malian and french forces recaptured an islamist stronghold last wee .
 philippines politician to be questioned <sec> new : authorities did not identify ampatuan as a suspect .  datu unsay mayor led group that initially stopped civilians , police cite reports as saying .  ampatuans hold leadership positions in mindanao .  authorities disband paramilitary force in the southern philippine .
 opinion : the rich already have more votes than you <sec> eric liu : tom perkins ' joking suggestion about giving rich more votes is not far from truth .  he says wealthy command more media attention , give far more campaign contributions .  rich are more likely to turn out to vote and to be represented by lobbyists , liu says .  liu : perkins ' `` joke '' may help prompt outrage and change in the syste .
 burglarized : cabin of five guys who take same photo for 30 years <sec> a california sheriff investigates burglary at a remote vacation cabin .  thieves stole just about everything , including a boat and heirlooms from a grandfather .  `` the cabin where all this bonding takes place is burglarized , '' says owner .  the five guys ' extraordinary friendship was cnn.com 's most popular story in 201 .
 hillary clinton 's nixonian strategy of laying low - cnnpolitics.com <sec> hillary clinton 's strategy of lying low has some clinton supporters thinking of richard nixon 's 1968 election .  nixon chose to take a six-month hiatus from presidential politics before 1968 in order to allow the press to `` chew on '' george romney .  clinton has been laying low for the better part of three months with only six events in january , february and marc .
 obama plans to visit myanmar during upcoming asia trip , white house says <sec> the white house announced that president obama will visit myanmar this month .  obama 's trip is to encourage the ongoing democratic transition there .  he becomes the first president to visit that countr .
 ex-afican navy chief accused in u.s. cocaine smuggling bust <sec> ex-guinea-bissau navy chief jose americo bubo na tchuto is accused of smuggling cocaine .  he and four other guinea-bissau nationals face charges in a u.s. court .  they and two colombians were arrested as part of a dea undercover operation .  they are accused of conspiring to smuggle farc-owned drugs to the u.s. via west afric .
 waters proclaims innocence on ethics charges <sec> waters insists neither she nor her staff did anything wrong .  waters has been charged with helping a bank linked to her husband .  waters says she wants to go to trial .  she is one of two prominent african-american congressional democrats facing ethic charge .
 an asteroid is coming , and scientists are excited . fear not , earth is safe <sec> it 's going to be the closest shave in known history , nasa expert says .  asteroid 2012 da14 is traveling at 17,400 mph .  star gazers will likely turn out for a peek in eastern europe , asia and australia .  asteroids may be mined in space for their natural resources some da .
 man crashes through coast guard gate , threatens bomb <sec> no explosives are found after a man drove through the gates at the grand haven coast guard station , authorities say .  authorities say the man assaulted coast guard personnel and said he had a bomb in his truc .
 warhol exhibition is one very , very long painting <sec> this is the first time all of the canvases have been displayed together as warhol intended .  in the late 1970s , warhol experimented with abstractions , departing from pop culture inspired works .  the canvases , each measuring four by six feet are hung edge-to-edge as the artist intende .
 30 people shot dead in nigeria , rights group says <sec> more than 30 people have been shot dead in maiduguri , says amnesty international .  the news comes a day after the rights group accused nigerian security forces of abuses .  the military accuses boko haram gunmen of shooting a retired general and his guest .  boko haram , a militant islamist group , has killed hundreds in attacks on churche .
 new jersey teen killed after sticking head out of party bus <sec> new : bus company spokesman says there was no alcohol aboard .  the victim 's head struck the underside of an overpass near the george washington bridge .  the bus departed from queens , new york , and was loaded with 65 teenager .
 ghana mourns as president john atta mills is buried <sec> new : doves are released into the air as mourners pay respects to their late leader .  new : mills is laid to rest near osu castle in accra , the capital of ghana .  u.s. secretary of state hillary clinton is among the visiting dignitaries .  john dramani mahama was sworn in as the new president within hours of mills ' deat .
 calls for hard evidence after malaysian statements on missing plane <sec> relatives of passengers express doubts about the malaysian announcement .  they say they want to see tangible evidence of what happened to the plane .  `` this is n't enough evidence to change the grieving process , '' a grief expert says .  the chinese government calls on malaysia to release `` further evidence .
 report : border patrol abuses widespread <sec> organization spoke with nearly 13,000 migrants .  many migrants reported similar cases of abuse by u.s. border patrol .  they alleged incidents of beatings , denial of food , and extreme temperatures .  u.s. border patrol says it will not allow any misconduct among agent .
 boston bombing suspect dzhokhar tsarnaev seeks late 2015 trial <sec> boston marathon bombing suspect trial asks for trial late next year .  defense says it needs time to review copious amounts of evidence .  prosecutors say a trial could last three months in federal court filin .
 thai flooding threatens capital as residents seek refuge <sec> new : bangkok residents scramble to prepare for flooding .  nearly 9 million people are affected by flooding , authorities say .  it is the country 's worst flood in half a century .  `` the situation is very uncertain , '' an aid worker say .
