 congress to probe private military contractors in afghanistan <sec> among questions is whether $ 2.2 billion trucking contract went to pay warlords .  `` serious allegations have been brought to [ congress ' ] attention , '' says congressman .  `` it has been determined these reports warrant a full-scale ... investigation , '' rep. tierney sai .
 s. truett cathy , chick-fil-a founder , dies <sec> his stores remain closed on sundays .  chick-fil-a has surpassed kfc in u.s. sales .  the company has come under criticism from gay rights group .
 opinion : do n't dehumanize welfare recipients <sec> michigan bill would require some welfare recipients to do community service .  lz granderson says working for money is a job , not volunteerism .  lz : second bill requires drug testing , even though few recipients abuse drugs .  lz : creative ways exist to earn aid that do n't exploit or demonize poor peopl .
 arundhati bhattacharya : state bank of india <sec> meet the first woman to head india state bank in 208 years .  bringing in groundbreaking rules on two-year sabbaticals .  women workers say they no longer feel guilty about time of .
 police : terror trainee who faked death gets 12 years <sec> police say imran khawaja , of west london , trained with a terror group in syria last year .  he was in a promotional video showing him holding a severed head , police say .  the terror group said he 'd died , but he really was trying to return to the uk , where he was arrested , police sa .
 sudan : verdict not final for woman sentenced to death for apostasy <sec> meriam yehya ibrahim considers herself christian , but a court says she 's muslim .  a khartoum court convicted her of apostasy , or the renunciation of faith .  the court also found her guilty of adultery for being married to a christia .
 fantasy author : i have alzheimer 's <sec> multi-million selling writer has `` a very rare form of early onset alzheimer 's '' .  terry pratchett says work continuing on books , plans to honor commitments .  discworld novels are set in a fantasy universe but satirize modern day life .  received the order of the british empire from the prince of wales in 199 .
 hagan skipped hearing for fundraiser <sec> sen. kay hagan 's admission might hurt her chances at re-election .  republican challenger thom tillis says hagan `` failed to do her job '' .  similar charges have been made ahead of hard-fought midterm .
 malveaux : bush finally opens up <sec> cnn white house correspondent suzanne malveaux reflects on covering president .  president bush reveals more of his feelings about job than ever before , she says .  president most emotional over potential threats to united states , malveaux say .
 the top ten golf movies <sec> the drama and comedy of golf has provided great material for film makers .  funny films caddyshack and happy gilmore lead the list .  dean martin , spencer tracy and katharine hepburn all starred down the years .  sound off - do you agree with the ten movies cnn has picked .
 tarnished celebs reinvent themselves in 2011 <sec> after an apology at the emmys , charlie sheen welcomes 2012 with a clean slate .  the entertainment industry is always quick to forgive celebrities , publicist says .  david arquette rebounded with help from rehab and `` dancing with the stars '' appearance .  lindsay lohan should follow example of britney spears , image consultant say .
 putin , yanukovych promise closer economic ties amid ukraine protests <sec> putin says russia to buy ukrainian debt , cut price its neighbor pays for its gas .  viktor yanukovych says ukraine and russia will deepen their strategic cooperation .  yanukovych and putin meet as protesters rally in ukraine against closer ties with russia .  yanukovych angered many in ukraine by backpedaling on signing an eu trade dea .
 hambycast : can bakari sellers save southern democrats ? <sec> hambycast is a weekly politics series featuring cnn 's peter hamby .  bakari sellers is a democrat running for lieutenant governor in south carolina .  sellers , 29 , is serving his fourth term in the state hous .
 pdx carpet : rug inspires poetry , beer and adidas shoes <sec> adidas is now releasing sneakers with the landmark carpet 's design .  portland 's airport is ditching the design after 27 years .  it 's also inspired poetry , beer and other spinoff .
 suspect named in new mexico hospital shooting <sec> new : police identify the suspect as cesar dominguez-garcia , 21 .  the lockdown is lifted after the suspect leaves the hospital .  police say the search continues .  no one is reported injure .
 what are you willing to do to be happy ? <sec> three examples of changes people make to be happy .  how a woman benefits from revving up her sex life .  another woman abandons wall street for the trapeze .  man close to oprah winfrey learns to laugh to drop stres .
 da : guns on planes 'egregious ' breach at ga. airport <sec> `` this is an important wake-up call , '' analyst says of employee screening .  153 guns were recovered as part of a complex undercover investigation , da says .  delta employees entering their parking lot and the secure area of the airport are n't screened .  agent : after clearing security , the employee met an accomplice in a restroom with a backpac .
 girl band singer accused of infecting partner with hiv <sec> pop singer nadja benaissa allegedly infected one partner with hiv .  she allegedly knew she was hiv-positive , but did not tell her sexual partners .  benaissa was a member of no angels , germany 's most successful girl ban .
 italy : enrico letta survives confidence vote ; berlusconi backtracks <sec> prime minister enrico letta handily wins a confidence vote in the italian senate .  he is also expected to win a confidence vote in the lower house of parliament .  silvio berlusconi drops a bid to topple the government , says his party backs letta .  berlusconi could lose his senate seat after a conviction for tax fraud was uphel .
 salvaging smeared memories in sandy 's wake <sec> in staten island , limor garfinkle seeks to save a woman 's cache of wet , muddy photographs .  she is trying to salvage five plastic bags stuffed with soggy memories .  photographer : `` if they 're ruined without washing them , then you try washing them .
 hope bats a thousand in cactus league <sec> the cactus league allows fans of 15 different teams to celebrate the start of baseball .  fans return each spring to cheer on the giants , royals , the reds and the long-suffering cubs .  temperatures are often in the 70s and tickets to the game are inexpensiv .
 world cup winners are 'living the dream ' in las vegas <sec> olympic champion charlotte dujardin remains world 's leading dressage rider after vegas contest .  swiss olympic showjumping champion steve guerdat finally wins world cup jumping title at 10th attemp .
 blast in pakistan 's tribal region kills 56 , wounds more than 100 <sec> more victims may be trapped under rubble .  attack is carried out by a suicide car bomber .  target is a government building .  mohmand agency is one of seven semiautonomous region .
 india : pakistan breaches cease-fire again <sec> india 's military accuse pakistan of another cease-fire breach in kashmir .  pakistani troops fired six 82-mm mortar rounds in hour , india says .  pakistani army denies claim , saying no weapons were fire .
 how will china 's online boom impact e-commerce ? <sec> china is the fastest growing e-commerce geography in the world .  mobile device use for the first time overtook personal computer use in china .  china 's internet usage grew 2.3 % in the first half of 2014 to 632 million users .  e-commerce in china is dominated by alibaba but is closely followed by jd.co .
 brazilian indians find plane survivors <sec> two people missing ; one believed to be dead .  matis tribe indians find plane and alert brazilian air forc .
 adult coloring books topping bestseller lists <sec> coloring books made for adults are popular on amazon 's bestselling books list .  books with calming , meditative and spiritual themes appeal to adults looking to unwin .
 hurricane raymond forms off mexico 's pacific coast <sec> new : a hurricane warning is in effect for tecpan de galeana to lazaro cardenas .  new : the storm is strengthening rapidly .  heavy rainfall is forecast along the south-central coas .
 duck boats ' safety record , agency 's fears do n't jibe <sec> ntsb warned in 2002 that canopies on excursion vessels could trap passengers .  records show only two fatal accidents involving amphibious tour boats .  2 students killed in philadelphia crash in july ; 13 drowned in 1999 sinking in arkansas .  coast guard disregarded ntsb recommendations after 1999 traged .
 self-made red bull co-founder dies <sec> chaleo yoovidhya co-founded red bull , the energy drink company .  he and an austrian entrepreneur started the brand in the mid-1980s .  chaleo had created an early version of the drink in thailan .
 fauja singh : world 's oldest runner , 102 , finds peace <sec> fauja singh was the first 100-year-old to ever run a marathon .  now 102 , he has quit competitive racing but still runs every day .  he took up athletics after overcoming the loss of his wife and son .  born in india , he has made britain his home since the 1990 .
 kalou 's leveler rescues chelsea in fa cup hat-trick bid <sec> new : manchester united come from behind to beat southampton 2-1 .  salomon kalou 's 75th minute goal rescues a 1-1 draw for chelsea against everton .  aston villa are through to the fifth round after a 3-1 victory against blackburn .  crawley town upset torquay united with a 1-0 win , bolton and wigan draw 0- .
 london bombings survivor sets sights on paralympics <sec> the july 7 bombings in 2005 killed 56 people , including four suicide bombers .  martine wright lost both legs and suffered severe arm injuries following blast on a subway train .  wright is now aiming for a spot on the british paralympic volleyball team in 2012 .  bombings came one day after london was announced as the host for the 2012 paralympic game .
 why it 's ok to wave the u.s. and mexican flag at the olympics <sec> jesús chairez : leo manzano has a right to wave two flags in his victory lap at the olympics .  chairez : manzano has dual citizenship for the u.s. and mexico .  he says manzano wanted the world to know that he did n't forget his heritage .  chairez : there is no doubt that manzano loves america , his adopted countr .
 parents charged in uae after hidden baby found in carry-on <sec> the infant , who was in a small handbag , appears to be ok .  the egyptian couple did n't have visa for the child .  police are questioning the parent .
 costa concordia rescuers find 16th body <sec> new : a body is found on bridge 3 , civil protection officials announce .  fuel salvage from the costa concordia will not start before saturday , an official says .  about 16 people are still missing from among an estimated 4,200 on board .  the captain is under house arrest facing possible manslaughter charge .
 nigerian president intensifies search for kidnapped children <sec> the incident occurred in abia state .  kidnapping has been rampant there for years .  new : the president urges the children 's parents and relatives `` to remain calm .
 veiled wife costs man french citizenship <sec> immigration minister says man denied wife liberty of coming going with face uncovered .  france is scheduled to vote on whether to ban full veils .  france denied a moroccan woman 's naturalization request in 2008 on the because she wore a burq .
 pele denies saying robinho took drugs <sec> pele has denied saying that manchester city striker robinho had taken drugs .  brazilian legend was quoted as saying robinho used drugs at a private party .  however pele claims that his recent quotes were distorted and misrepresente .
 hong kong official questions whether chinese activist killed himself <sec> li wangyang , a labor rights activist , was found hanged in his hospital room .  protesters in hong kong have called for an investigation .  friends say the official claim that he hanged himself is `` ridiculous .
 if the shoe fits ... sarah jessica parker teams up with manolo blahnik ceo <sec> sjp to launch new shoe range with manolo blahnik .  cost between $ 195 and $ 500 per pair at nordstrom .  'sex and the city ' star tries each shoe to ensure comfort .  influenced by mom 's chic style growing up in ohi .
 belgian grand prix : lewis hamilton goes from ice cool to red hot in belgium <sec> lewis hamilton stars in friday 's practice section in belgium .  mercedes driver topped the charts ahead of teammate nico rosberg .  rosberg leads drivers ' championship by 11 points .  hamilton has won five races so far this seaso .
 feds : 4 charged in $ 1 million smash-and-grab watch heists <sec> theft allegedly included $ 700,000 in cartier watches .  suspects targeted cartier store in new york city and borgata casino in atlantic city , n.j . .  a stun-gun was used to subdue employee in a virginia store , feds sa .
 $ 6.2b industry ? how did edm get so popular ? <sec> electronic dance music ( edm ) has become a global phenomenon .  according to forbes , the genre 's top 10 djs earned a combined $ 268 million this year .  calvin harris , who earned $ 66 million , topped this year 's lis .
 music producer and innovator phil ramone dead at age 79 <sec> phil ramone died saturday at a new york hospital , his son says .  the producer won 14 grammys , including a technical grammy for lifetime innovations .  ramone had `` most gentle way of bringing out the best , '' streisand says .  he was `` one of the true innovators and geniuses '' in records , quincy jones add .
 obama signals afghan war 's next chapter <sec> new : sen. carl levin says hot topic issues to be discussed at nato summit .  car bomb in kabul kills at least 7 people , wounds 17 after the visit .  two american service members killed , two others injured in wardak province blast .  obama and afghan president hamid karzai sign an agreement on future cooperatio .
 how ethical are our food companies ? <sec> oxfam 's new `` behind the brands '' scorecard ranks the policies of the world 's 10 biggest food and drink companies .  the report looks at transparency , women 's rights , farmers ' rights , and land , water and climate sustainability .  nestle , unilever and coca-cola finished top , with general mills and abf at the botto .
 johnny manziel must sit half a game <sec> quarterback had `` inadvertent violation '' regarding autographs , ncaa says .  no evidence that he received money for autographs , it says .  manziel is first freshman to win the heisman troph .
 10-man united earn spurs draw <sec> man u draw 0-0 with spurs to return to the top of the premier league on goal difference .  merseyside derby between liverpool and everton ends in 2-2 draw at anfield .  newcastle and sunderland draw 1-1 in local derby ; aston villa salvage point at birmingha .
 kindergartens in china suspected of medicating children <sec> state media : several kindergartens in china gave prescription drugs to kids .  several students had side effects from taking antiviral drug , meant to treat flu .  xinhua : `` crisis of confidence in kindergarten managers .
 military terror convictions to get high-profile judicial review <sec> full federal appeals court will hear case of two terror suspects charged around the time of 9/11 .  the men were convicted by a military court and held for years at guantanamo bay , cuba .  appeal tests whether men could be charged with offenses not on books until later .  the losing party will almost certainly ask the u.s. supreme court to review the cas .
 rapper nelly arrested in tennessee on drug charges <sec> state troopers say they found methamphetamine and marijuana on a bus carrying nelly and five others .  nelly has been charged with felony possession of drug .
 barcelona teach manchester city a harsh lesson as psg thump leverkusen <sec> barcelona and psg take major strides towards champions league quarterfinals .  goals from messi and alves hand barca a 2-0 victory at manchester city .  zlatan ibrahimovic scores twice as psg register 4-0 win at bayer leverkuse .
 will smith takes on 'extra ' duties to support wife 's new tv show <sec> jada pinkett smith 's new tv show , `` hawthorne , '' premieres tuesday on tnt .  jada 's actor-husband will smith will appear as extra in an episode .  acting runs in family : jada 's daughter will appear in tv sitcom , son will be in fil .
 opinion : pope should name these four women martyrs <sec> heidi schlumpf : oscar romero , assassinated in 1980 in el salvador , on just path to sainthood .  three nuns and laywoman were killed on missionary work shortly after romero .  why no sainthood push for them ? .  schlumpf ask .
 u.n. approves central african republic intervention amid killings <sec> new : `` it is clear that urgent action is needed to save lives , '' says u.s. envoy power .  u.n. security council backs resolution authorizing african and french intervention .  eight people have been killed and 65 injured in bangui , doctors without borders says .  gunfire appears to target church compound where 35,000 christians have taken refug .
 vote may mark beginning of the end for putin <sec> daniel treisman : russian elections may mark beginning of putin 's regime decline .  putin 's in power , he writes , but even ballot stuffing failed to stop the slide .  treisman : decline tied to worsening economy , dysfunctional police , chechnya .  putin must share power or soften his image , he says . .  repression wo n't wor .
 the limits of college rankings 'racket ' <sec> stephen trachtenberg : magazine 's college rankings are powerful .  one college submitted inflated data in order to enhance standing .  trachtenberg : americans love rankings ; these are n't going away .  he notes there is no 'best ' college for any one studen .
 24 beauty secrets from hollywood insiders <sec> hollywood beauty insiders give up their trade secrets .  use dryer sheets to tame hair flyaways , beauty expert says .  facialist : `` exfoliating is the most important thing you can do to make skin prettier '' .  silk instead of cotton will help keep the shape of your hair better at nigh .
 battered but not beaten , zimbabwe farmers seek justice <sec> farmers kidnapped , beaten days after election for challenging land confiscation .  dozens of farmers appeal to 14-nation tribunal for relief from zimbabwe land grabs .  ben freeth recalls being beaten with a shambock , a whip made of hippo hide .  mike and angela campbell -- 75 and 67 -- still recovering from june beatin .
 drones , dancing in ok go 's 'i wo n't let you down ' video <sec> ok go 's video , `` i wo n't let you down , '' is their latest hit .  this time , the group goes to japan , and the video is shot by a drone .  band also rides around on honda uni-cub .
 steven van zandt , nils lofgren open up about the new e street band <sec> steven van zandt and nils lofgren chatted about the new e street band .  van zandt : `` each tour has its own energy , and the writing is the script for the show '' .  lofgren : `` [ clarence clemons is ] someone i 'll miss the rest of my life .
 after false starts , nintendo sees a world ready for 3-d <sec> nintendo has spent decades developing 3-d technologies .  that work culminates with the 3ds , a glasses-free 3-d game system that launches sunday .  but the 3ds comes after a string of failures for nintendo in the 3-d spac .
 kenyan lawmakers vote for bonus of $ 120,000 each at taxpayer expense <sec> protesters take to the streets ; president vetoes proposal .  kenyan parliament members are among the highest paid in the continent .  an average kenyan would have to work for 67 years to earn the bonus amoun .
