 manuel noriega 's 'call of duty ' lawsuit dismissed <sec> new : noriega 's attorney says he 's reviewing the court order , conferring over next steps .  a judge says the first amendment protects the creators of `` call of duty '' games .  ruling : `` noriega fails to provide any evidence of harm to his reputation '' .  manuel noriega had argued he was entitled to part of the profits since his likeness was use .
 international envoy meets syrian president in damascus <sec> new : an opposition group says at least 164 people were killed saturday .  the syrian president says other nations are funding `` terrorists '' .  lakhdar brahimi makes his first visit to damascus as u.n. envoy .  he met with the president and held `` candid '' talks with syria 's foreign ministe .
 former mayor charged in mexico student deaths <sec> ex-mayor implicated in disappearance of students is formally charged .  jose luis abarca is accused of aggravated homicide and attempted homicide .  officials say he is the `` probable mastermind '' behind the september abduction .
 a celebrity breakup , then a fishy disappearance <sec> patrick mcdermott broke up with olivia newton-john the day before he vanished .  he was seen boarding fishing boat on june 30 , 2005 ; paid bar tab july 1 .  accounts vary as to whether he ever got off boat .  have information ? .  call 310-521-429 .
 american woman missing in japan threatened suicide , husband says <sec> kelli abad disappeared the night that she and her husband argued , he says .  she has been missing for six weeks .  her car is found near cliffs on the island of okinawa with a note inside .  her family is holding out hope but is aware of the possibility she 's gon .
 congress demands answers after cnn report on va deaths <sec> veterans affairs committee members visit va facilities in georgia , south carolina .  cnn reported patients died as a result of delayed or denied care .  committee says va continues to stonewall and withhold informatio .
 pro-democracy protesters target hong kong 's leader <sec> new : cnn ireporter in hong kong : `` the students will be put to the test '' .  new : expert : hong kong leaders realized clamping down would backfire .  protesters stage a sit-in by chief executive 's office , threaten to occupy government buildings .  hong kong 's leader : people should be satisfied they can vote on a leade .
 holding democratic 'blue wall ' was crucial for obama victory <sec> 'blue wall ' states traditionally go democratic in presidential elections .  those states accounted for 242 of the 270 electoral votes needed to win the white house .  republican 'red wall , ' on the other hand , only makes up 177 electoral votes , at mos .
 world 's best restaurant heading to tokyo <sec> noma , winner of the 2014 `` world 's best restaurant '' title , has announced a pop-up venture in tokyo .  head chef and co-owner rene redzepi says the reason is simple : `` we really want to go to japan . '' .  it 's not clear what will become of the original venue when the current team are gon .
 new european union sanctions target iran nuclear program <sec> new : the u.s. government announces sanctions against iran 's third-largest bank .  european union bans iranian oil imports , freezes iranian central bank assets .  the move is designed to get iran to give up its nuclear program .  iran 's deputy foreign minister says sanctions wo n't solve anythin .
 beat goes on for senegal 's octogenarian master drummer <sec> mbalax , combining jazz , soul , and rock with traditional beats , is the dance music of senegal .  the godfather of the scene is the 82-year-old drummer doudou n'diaye rose .  his instrument is the sabar , the traditional drum played with the hand and a stick .  younger generations are fusing the sound with new influences to reach international audience .
 button reigns in the rain as vettel slips up in canada <sec> former world champion jenson button claims victory on final lap in montreal .  red bull 's sebastian vettel had led for every lap after starting in pole position .  race was delayed for more than two hours by rain , with several drivers crashing .  vettel 's teammate mark webber claims third place ahead of michael schumache .
 opinion : is america 's reign as a superpower ending ? <sec> the u.s. strategy towards the mideast has been disengaging , writes andreas krieg .  president barack obama increasingly appears to be the lame-duck , he writes .  krieg : good cooperation with tehran allows the u.s. to put pressure on its arab partners .  america 's credibility as a superpower is in doubt , he say .
 'bloody sunday ' commemoration march in selma <sec> a large crowd walks the footsteps of those who marched 50 years ago .  they are crossing the edmund pettus bridge , named for a former kkk leader .  president obama called saturday for renewal of voting rights ac .
 study : flight delays to get worse as economy improves <sec> major hub cities are bottleneck for air traffic , brookings institution study says .  frequent flier advises connecting through smaller cities when possible .  aviation expert says there 's plenty of room for streamlining existing system .  study 's authors advocate using high-speed rail to alleviate runway congestio .
 hu calls for reform in china 's uyghur region <sec> hu jintao makes first visit to country 's western uyghur region since last month 's riots .  hu calls for reform , development , ethnic unity and stability in xinjiang region .  problems began in june , after uyghur workers killed in brawl between uyghurs , han .  china 's state media says over 200 people charged over riots could be tried this wee .
 google glass goes to work <sec> companies are experimenting with google glass in the workplace .  the wearables can help train employees and loop in far away experts for customer service .  glass still has challenges to tackle before it is commonplace in the workplac .
 lance armstrong refiles suit against anti-doping agency <sec> new : cycling champ armstrong asks the court to file an injunction against usada .  he refiles one day after a judge dismisses lawsuit .  the seven-time tour de france winner faces doping charges .  he says he has never tested positive for performance-enhancing drug .
 search for yosemite waterfall victim halted temporarily <sec> search for body of 19-year-old called off due to high water .  officials also say climber on famed el capitan was killed sunday by rock .  swimmer aleh kalman has been missing since he was carried over 594-foot nevada fall .  `` we believe it 's impossible to survive a fall like that , '' a park spokeswoman say .
 inmate executed after supreme court rejects obese argument <sec> richard cooey executed as scheduled tuesday morning .  inmate who said health could affect execution ate steak , eggs , fries for last dinner .  supreme court declined to issue stay , or tackle broader case .  cooey was convicted of raping , torturing and beating two women to deat .
 railway head : people in canadian city 'wanted to throw stones at me ' <sec> new : death toll climbs to 28 , coroner 's office spokeswoman says .  railway chairman about visiting devastated town : `` people wanted to throw stones at me '' .  edward burkhardt believes he was misunderstood , that he does sympathize with victims .  he says he has `` plenty '' of empathy and understands residents `` need to vent .
 bumming a smoke from the queen : when the security bubble bursts <sec> bob greene : in 1982 a man got past everyone at buckingham palace into the queen 's bedroom .  it made headlines , showing that even the protective bubble of the exalted is not airtight .  other breaches -- the pope 's butler , reagan 's stage crasher -- show this , he says .  greene : bizarre incursions are mesmerizing and show life has no guarantee .
 mathieu first up for djokovic in melbourne hat-trick quest <sec> novak djokovic to begin defense of australian open title against paul-henri mathieu .  djokovic gunning for third straight melbourne title after epic win over rafael nadal last year .  victoria azarenka to start defense with a clash against monica niculescu .  current world no . .  1 azarenka in same half of the draw as serena william .
 bill clinton in n. korea for journalists <sec> new : signs point to clinton being able to win amnesty for reporters , chinoy says .  reporters ling and lee work for gore 's current tv .  the united states has no diplomatic relations with north korea .  bill clinton visit comes amid north korean impasse over its nuclear progra .
 pilot praised for 'masterful ' landing <sec> new : chesley b . .  `` sully '' sullenberger has been a pilot with us airways since 1980 .  new : former air force fighter pilot has worked with nasa as safety consultant nyc mayor says pilot checked plane twice for passengers before leaving `` i 've flown in a lot of planes and that was a phenomenal landing , '' passenger sai .
 hot dog-devouring legend kobayashi to miss independence day dog fest <sec> new : kobayashi says contract is too restrictive .  hot dog eating legend wo n't compete in july 4 contest .  kobayashi won titles from 2001-2006 .  negotiations with major league eating are at `` impasse .
 it 's a boy ! catherine gives birth to royal baby <sec> the child 's title will be his royal highness prince ( the baby 's name ) of cambridge .  `` we could not be happier , '' prince william says , a source tells cnn .  the fountains at trafalgar square turn blue after the announcement .  the child , third in line to the throne , weighed 8 pounds , 6 ounce .
 russians insist skull fragment is hitler 's <sec> debate over authenticity of the remains of adolf hitler 's skull continues .  u.s. researchers say skull fragment say dna evidence proves that skull fragment is n't hitler 's .  fragment of hitler 's alleged skull and jawbone held in russian state archiv .
 'harry potter ' actor david legeno dies <sec> he played werewolf villain fenrir greyback .  his body was discovered by hikers .  legeno was also an mma fighte .
 deadly blast hits near pakistan 's isi <sec> new : four soldiers , four children among the dead , a doctor says .  attack comes a day after three deadly attacks in lahore , peshawar and quetta .  lahore attack targeted crowded market , killing 54 and wounding more than 15 .
 u.s. stepping up pressure against syria with new sanctions <sec> senior officials might be hit with asset freeze , travel ban .  washington concerned about increased violence against protesters .  syria has proved immune to u.s. pressure during protests .  administration had feared destabilizing bashar al-assad regim .
 global terror warning as somali militants flex muscles <sec> experts , officials warn of growing threat from somali militant group .  al-shabaab is one of strongest islamic militias battling for mogadishu .  kenya says danger is to region and world despite threats on nairob .
 'chemical ali ' executed , iraqi government spokesman says <sec> new : u.s. handed al-majeed over to iraqi authorities shortly before execution , official says .  saddam hussein 's cousin ali hassan al-majeed executed .  al-majeed had been sentenced to death in four separate trials .  execution had been delayed by vp 's refusal to ok another defendant 's death sentenc .
 aid groups readying for unprecedented damage <sec> hurricane sandy could affect as many as 60 million people .  relief organizations are readying supplies and volunteers .  red cross , americares , salvation army and world vision are preparing in the us .  international medical corps and operation usa are providing aid to haiti , cub .
 sassoon , lee , faldo in queen 's honors list <sec> hairdresser vidal sassoon , golfer nick faldo honored by uk 's queen .  `` dracula '' star christopher lee knighted in queen elizabeth 's birthday honors list .  actors jonathan pryce and alan cumming also honore .
 cleveland transfers tamir rice probe to cuyahoga county <sec> lawyers for slain youth 's family say theyr'e `` cautiously optimistic '' .  tamir rice , 12 , was fatally shot by a cleveland police officer .  police say the boy held an air pistol that looked like a real gu .
 u.s. , other powers kick russia out of g8 - cnnpolitics.com <sec> industrialized powers acted to penalize russia over crimea .  obama in the netherlands says the u.s. and european allies united in imposing costs on russia .  russian foreign minister downplays effect of losing g8 membership .  u.s. will concentrate on diplomatic , economic moves against mosco .
 atlanta police union defends using traffic tickets to fund pay increases <sec> atlanta has designated traffic court and ticket revenue for future pay increases .  union chief : we 're trying to correct inefficiencies and hold those accountable for tickets already written .  tucson 's police chief requires officers to make at least one traffic stop a day .  he says the stops often yield greater benefits , such as narcotics arrests and warrants serve .
 taking affirmative action personally <sec> the supreme court will hear arguments for fisher vs. university of texas .  the case will determine the fate of affirmative action in public universities .  ruben navarrette : samuel alito and sonia sotomayor will likely take the issues personally .  navarrette : the ways we see issues are often shaped by personal experience .
 polish pony that survived the nazis uniting europe 's nature reserves <sec> rare konik breed of pony revived in poland and exported across europe .  related to the tarpan , a prehistoric horse that once roamed the continent .  nazis were interested in the polish horse because of purity of breed .  konik ponies thought to be hardy and help ecosystems return to natural stat .
 economic crisis hits property that may have sheltered capone <sec> wisconsin lodge is up for auction this week .  starting bid on 407-acre property is $ 2.6 million .  property comes with a two-story lodge , 8-car garage , watchtower and 37-acre lake .  historians and bank say public fascination with capone is piquing buyers ' interes .
 corporate giants have too much power <sec> dispute over e-book prices between amazon , publisher a power play , says barry c. lynn .  lynn : government has stressed lower prices while allowing growth of powerful retailers .  he says the cost of the policy has been domination of retailers over supplier .
 rape can make you pregnant . period . <sec> rep. todd akin said pregnancy from `` legitimate rape '' is rare .  aaron carroll says he 's wrong : humans are designed to reproduce .  he says akin probably aimed to make prohibition of abortions square with an ( alternate ) reality .  carroll : akin 's ludicrous remark is distraction republicans could avoid if they stuck to scienc .
 fbi agents find missing matisse in undercover sting <sec> two people are charged with possessing the stolen painting , the fbi says .  undercover agents made the arrest at a hotel in north miami beach , wplg reports .  `` odalisque in red pants '' was reported stolen from a venezuelan museum in 2002 .  the venezuelan government `` has initiated steps for the prompt return '' of the paintin .
 militants in syria put victims ' heads on poles <sec> videos show severed heads on poles .  the videos are purportedly of islamic state having killed syrian soldiers .  in 10 days , 1,600 people have died in syria , a human rights group says .  more than 115,000 have died in the conflict , the group say .
 'racial justice act ' repealed in north carolina <sec> the 2009 law allowed inmates to argue that race played a role in sentences .  gov . .  pat mccrory said it effectively halted capital punishment in the state .  democrats say four condemned convicts had their sentences reduced to life under the la .
 commentary : how to prevent the next wall street crisis <sec> joseph stiglitz : fed pumped too much money , aiding housing bubble .  new-fangled instruments hid overuse of borrowing , stiglitz says .  executives followed short-term interests and magnified risks , he says .  stiglitz : widespread changes needed to prevent future crise .
 champions italy crash out of world cup <sec> italy knocked out of the world cup after 3-2 defeat by slovakia in final group f match .  defending champions finish bottom of their group while slovaks go through in second .  with france also out , both of the previous tournament 's finalists have been eliminated .  paraguay top the group after 0-0 draw with new zealand , who go home unbeate .
 wikileaks founder : site getting tons of 'high caliber ' disclosures <sec> new : pentagon says pfc . .  bradley e. manning is accused of `` serious offenses '' .  wikileaks founder julian assange : site getting a number of whistle-blower disclosures .  assange : manning is a `` political prisoner '' .  assange says he has canceled u.s. appearances due to security concern .
 what to expect from apple 's event today <sec> apple 's developers conference kicks off with a keynote at 1 pm et today .  apple will reveal features of ios 6 , its operating system for iphones and ipads .  company could also unveil its replacement for google maps on iphone , ipad .  we may also see upgrades to the apple tv device that streams itunes conten .
 bobby brown 'innocent until proven guilty , ' lawyer says <sec> the singer `` was not driving erratically , '' his lawyer says .  brown showed signs of intoxication and failed a field sobriety test , police say .  brown is whitney houston 's ex-husban .
 study : vitamin b12 may help ward off alzheimer 's <sec> people who consume foods rich in vitamin b12 may be at lower risk of developing alzheimer 's .  b vitamins may help lower homocysteine levels , an amino acid linked to the disease .  alzheimer 's disease risk could be minimized with general good nutritio .
 argentinian president 's cancer surgery called a success <sec> new : hundreds of supporters wave flags and banners outside the hospital .  spokesman : president cristina fernandez de kirchner 's operation was a success .  the president 's thyroid was removed after doctors detected papillary carcinoma .  fernandez has handed power temporarily to the vice president until january 2 .
 utah couple to be charged in death of 4-year-old boy <sec> charges planned against the mother , stepfather of 4-year-old boy found dead .  ethan sloop 's body buried in shallow grave after severe beating , police said .  nathan sloop , 31 , and stephanie sloop , 27 , are being held without bail at utah jail .  authorities expect to charge couple with aggravated murder , other charge .
 jose canseco tweets photo of wounded hand <sec> jose canseco says he 's glad he was n't wounded more seriously .  his handgun accidentally went off , police say .  during his long career , he hit more than 450 home runs .  he is a central figure in mlb 's steroids controvers .
 opinion : why the rnc is changing primary process <sec> reince priebus marks a year of changes at the republican national committee .  the rnc created a continuous ground game to put better tools in the field , he says .  it 's changing how presidential primaries , debates will run .  priebus says shift proved successful in florida special election victor .
 cnn student news transcript : september 14 , 2010 <sec> find out why a set of tax cuts is at the top of the congressional agenda .  chew over a report on a decline in healthy eating habits .  consider why some americans are seeking employment opportunities overseas .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 obama says u.s. must get in front on green energy <sec> obama meets with economic board to discuss green energy , job creation .  board chairman paul volcker says one can not forget the risk of inaction .  obama says he sees `` some return to normalcy '' in parts of financial markets .  board members discuss challenges , opportunities for a green energy econom .
 firefighter wo n't be charged in asiana crash survivor 's death <sec> a 16-year-old survived a plane crash but died after she was run over by a fire truck .  the case was submitted to prosecutors for review .  the san francisco fire chief has called the girl 's death a `` tragic accident .
 police chief at heart of bo xilai scandal jailed for 15 years <sec> wang lijun sentenced on charges including bribe-taking , defection , abuse of power .  former chinese police chief tried to defect to the u.s. in february .  documents reveal he told disgraced politician bo xilai about accusations against wife .  gu kailai serving a suspended death sentence for murdering british businessma .
 caroline wozniacki : nightmares wo n't stop marathon bid <sec> caroline wozniacki wo n't be done exercising when the tennis season is over .  the dane will be taking part in the new york city marathon on november 2 .  wozniacki has had nightmares about the marathon but that is n't stopping her .  after splitting with rory mcilroy and getting over injuries , wozniacki prospered on cour .
 cuba : 'obsolete weapons ' on ship were going to north korea for repair <sec> new : panama is still investigating ; seeks help from u.s. , u.k. , u.n . .  anti-aircraft missile systems and missiles were in the shipment , cuba says .  panamanian search of north korean ship results in `` violent '' confrontation , official says .  the captain suffered a heart attack and tried to commit suicide , officials sa .
 susie wolff drives women forward with full f1 test for williams <sec> susie wolff makes full formula one debut for williams team at silverstone test .  the 30-year-old is the first female to take part in a meaningful run in an f1 car in more than 20 years .  wolff was three seconds off the pace of sebastian vettel 's leading lap time for red bull .  drivers happy new pirelli tires tested at silverstone are saf .
 nasa shares image of massive 'hexagon ' on saturn <sec> nasa shared video of massive , multi-colored hexagon on saturn .  the image shows a weather pattern with 200-mph winds .  the cassini spacecraft has been orbiting saturn since 200 .
