 the 11 best videos of the week <sec> how does isis govern ? .  robert downey jr. is n't the only celebrity to walk out of an intervie .
 9 people shot at brooklyn house party <sec> new : nine sent to hospitals with injuries ; two remain in hospital in stable condition .  the early sunday morning shootings happened in east flatbush .  number of shooters is unknown ; hunt for suspects continue .
 china 's li na to face defending champion in australian open final <sec> china 's li na beats russia 's maria sharapova in straight sets to reach final .  the former french open champion also reached the melbourne final in 2011 .  she will play world no.1 victoria azarenka , who defeats u.s. teen sloane stephens .  azarenka defends herself after taking a lengthy break at crucial point in matc .
 justices to hear 'hobby lobby ' case on obamacare birth control rule - cnnpolitics.com <sec> hobby lobby , conestoga wood specialties say they run their firms with christian values .  obamacare 's contraception coverage requirements violate those values , they say .  requirements apply to the corporations , not the individual owners , the government says .  the supreme court will hear oral arguments on the two cases on tuesda .
 yemen clashes : jet strikes palace grounds <sec> a jet fires missiles on and near palace grounds in aden .  passengers are stranded at an airport in aden amid fierce fighting .  supporters of yemeni president abdu rabu mansour hadi clash with special forces loyal to rebel .
 - cnn.com <sec> john baldoni believes leadership is a decision .  he cites both apple and ford as two companies who have successful leaders .  he says a leader must `` connect the dots '' between what an employee does and why it matters to the organization .
 winter olympics to demo lighting controlled by thoughts <sec> canadian company creates `` largest thought-controlled computing installation '' .  visitors to the olympics use brainwaves to control the lights at 3 major canada landmarks .  people put on headsets and increase lighting by thinking about it , company explains .  landmarks are : toronto 's cn tower , ottawa 's parliament buildings and niagara fall .
 top senators to sit together at state of the union address <sec> new : tone of debate should change , not intensity , politicians say .  democrat schumer , republican coburn want to symbolize civil discourse .  schumer says the the move may help tone down the rhetoric .  coburn says question ideology , not motives , of political foe .
 jobless woman finds generosity on the streets <sec> jobless and unemployed , shay kelley decides to embark on a new mission .  starting on new year 's day , she began helping the homeless .  she collected canned goods , then decided she wanted to do more .  kelley is traveling to all 50 states with her camera , photographing america 's homeless peopl .
 zimbabwe 's robert mugabe sworn in for another term <sec> crowds release balloons adorned with colors of the national flag .  voters went to the polls on july 31 to pick a new president .  zimbabwe 's election commission declared that incumbent mugabe won .  his main challenger withdrew a court case on the electio .
 nobel highlights syria with peace prize to chemical weapons watchdog <sec> nobel committee hopes the award gives `` strong support '' to opcw inspectors in syria .  panel says the prize was n't for work in syria , but for work to eliminate all chemical weapons .  opcw inspectors have just begun to work in the active war zone .  all chemical weapons in syria are to be destroyed by mid-201 .
 'game of thrones ' : george r.r . martin on that controversial scene <sec> sunday 's `` game of thrones '' featured a controversial scene .  the author of the book series the show 's based on has responded .  george r.r . .  martin : i intended for that scene to be disturbin .
 'amazing spider-man 2 ' sticks a super $ 92 million debut <sec> `` the amazing spider-man 2 '' stuck a strong debut weekend .  the movie earned an estimated $ 92 million domestically .  it was a little less than projections surmised .  nonetheless , studio sony is happ .
 can jeb bush escape his brother 's legacy in iraq ? <sec> bush does n't want to `` re-litigate '' old rows over brother 's wars .  democrats already planning iraq war offensive .  but obama missteps could help go .
 pitt , labeouf and i nearly fought with scott eastwood <sec> brad pitt and shia labeouf thought scott eastwood was `` disrespecting '' tank in `` fury '' .  the pair of actors had words with clint eastwood 's son .  later , pitt realized eastwood 's actions were in the scrip .
 athletics whistle-blower at university of north carolina will leave <sec> mary willingham said her research exposed some athletes ' poor reading ability .  the university of north carolina countered that experts found her results flawed .  willingham said she stuck it out this long because of 'promises to my students ' .  she said she has n't turned in a final letter of resignation but told her boss of her intention .
 wayman tisdale , basketball star and musician , dies <sec> new : former teammates and friends mourn `` the nicest man in the world '' .  wayman tisdale was college and pro basketball star , later jazz bassist .  tisdale had two-year battle with cancer ; he was 44 when he died friday .  death called `` a complete shock '' ; tisdale was about to record with norman brow .
 tiger woods dropped by ea sports <sec> ea sports will drop the tiger woods name from its next-gen golf games .  there have been 14 editions of the tiger woods game .  pr expert believes woods in unique category when it comes to sponsorship .  ea sports sold $ 771 million worth of games with woods ' name on i .
 madonna joins twitter for one day <sec> pop star madonna will answer fans ' questions on twitter beginning monday at 10 p.m . .  et .  it 's uncertain if the account will be shut down after the online event .  fans can submit questions by tweeting @ madonnamdnaday and using # askmadonn .
 7.0-magnitude quake strikes western mexico <sec> there are no immediate reports of damages or injuries .  residents feel the quake in mexico city , hundreds of miles from the epicenter .  aerial survey of the capital shows no major damage , mayor say .
 nigeria suspended by fifa for government interference <sec> nigeria are banned from international competition by football 's governing body fifa .  fifa say government interference in the nigerian football federation is the reason .  nigerian president goodluck jonathan had reversed his own decision to ban the tea .
 is the internet a safe haven for terrorists ? <sec> lee rigby 's killer posted online about wanting to murder a british soldier .  company where message was published did n't pass information to uk authorities .  report into rigby 's death says sccial networks have become `` safe haven '' for terrorists .  huge amounts of data mean it is beyond ability of any centralized agency to monitor : kee .
 west nile virus on the rise in the u.s. , health officials say <sec> at least 80 % of the infections are in texas , mississippi and oklahoma .  `` it is not clear why we are seeing more activity than in recent years , '' expert says .  the virus is transmitted through infected mosquitoe .
 the virgin group facts <sec> the virgin group was founded by richard branson in 1970 .  student magazine , started by branson at 16 , was forerunner to the group .  today virgin has more than 200 companies in a range of industrie .
 pilot : was that boeing 777 diverted deliberately ? not necessarily <sec> bill palmer : deliberate acts are not the only possibility in disappearance of malaysia flight .  he says it 's not clear what systems , such as acars , were turned off and when .  palmer : descent reported might be from 777 adjusting to no autopilot , not deliberate act .  palmer : much of 777 behavior could be from built-in systems reacting ; guessing inadequat .
 still relevant after decades , the beatles set to rock 9/9/09 <sec> 9/9/09 a big day for the beatles .  `` rock band '' video game and remastered albums both to be released .  apple inc. expected to make `` music-related '' announcement the same day .  expert compares the beatles to picasso , says their music will endur .
 lawmakers seem prepared to tackle gun control : 'this one feels different ' <sec> new : obama to support feinstein effort to reinstate assault weapons ban .  sandy hook shooting might become a tipping point for gun legislation .  several pro-gun democrats have said it is time to look at all options .  some republicans say fewer restrictions on guns are what are neede .
 blind iraq war vets learn to ski <sec> ivan castro was blinded by a mortar blast in iraq in 2006 ; now , he 's skiing .  organization in idaho is helping blinded war vets experience new heights .  `` we want them to do things they 've never tried before , '' program director says .  one blind veteran says the experience is all about `` trust .
 state media : argentine 'miracle ' baby in 'very serious ' condition <sec> doctors detect an infection that could compromise the baby 's neurological and kidney function .  luz milagros veron is in `` very serious '' condition , state media reports .  the baby was pronounced dead and withstood more than 10 hours in a morgue refrigerator .  health minister : `` there was an error of medical protocol . .  this is about human error .
 is money 's deep role in politics the root of our woes ? <sec> book alleges pelosi , boehner , other political leaders benefit from insider trading .  gergen , zuckerman : whether allegations are true or not , money plays huge role in politics .  writers cite new book that argues lobbyists ' money permeates and corrupts congress .  writers : fundraising , paying cost of running for office : money drives our democrac .
 obamas dance , celebrate at inaugural balls <sec> obama thanks youth for helping inspire , energize `` improbable journey '' .  obama says at military ball there is `` no greater honor '' than being commander .  michelle obama wears silk chiffon jason wu gown with crystal rhinestones .  celebrities attending include beyoncé , jay-z , faith hil .
 seven key dates in the seven months leading up to the midterms <sec> the midterm elections are just seven months away .  obamacare numbers , primaries in a number of states will influence those elections .  summer supreme court ruling on obamacare contraception mandate also closely watched .  fundraising figures and jobs numbers will also factor in midterm .
 slain reporter 's father fearful of anti-semitism on campus <sec> judea pearl says anti-semitism on rise since january 's gaza conflict .  pearl 's son , daniel pearl , was killed in 2002 by al qaeda extremists .  pearl claims he received a threat , but ucla police did nothing .  ucla spokesman says there is no record of pearl 's complain .
 is 2009 virginia death linked to hannah graham case ? <sec> almost five years after her body was found , cassandra morton 's name is in the news again .  police are investigating if there is a connection between morton and a suspect in other cases .  morton 's death was overshadowed by the disappearance of morgan harrington .  morton 's stepfather says cassandra did n't fit the profile of missing women who make headline .
 qatar 's first female olympians on target to make history <sec> qatar , saudi arabia and brunei are the only countries that have never sent female athletes to olympics .  air rifle shooter bahiya al-hamad , swimmer nada arkaji and sprinter noor al-malki will compete at london 2012 .  `` it 's an accomplishment for every qatari woman , '' said al-hama .
 michael mukasey confirmed as attorney general <sec> president bush nominated mukasey to replace alberto gonzales .  mukasey is a former federal chief judge in new york .  some democratic senators opposed nominee due to views on waterboarding .  human rights groups consider waterboarding a form of tortur .
 despite allegations , oprah 's school supported <sec> dorm parent accused of abuse at oprah winfrey 's south african school .  one mother of student supports winfrey : `` oprah is an angel '' .  allegations under investigation by americans , south african .
 cuba denies dissident beaten by police before death <sec> juan wilfredo soto died in a hospital on sunday in central cuban city of santa clara .  state-run website says soto was detained , but released three hours later without incident .  fellow dissidents say soto was beaten by police , who caused his death .  arnaldo milian hospital said he had died of pancreatiti .
 late penalty miss keeps italy in euros <sec> italy 's euro 2008 hopes hanging by a thread after their 1-1 draw with romania .  gianluigi buffon saves a late adrian mutu penalty to keep italy in competition .  mutu had earlier given romania the lead only for christian panucci to equaliz .
 robin roberts found a match , but others likely wo n't be as lucky <sec> chance of finding a bone marrow match is as low as 66 % for african-americans .  registry meeting only about a third of the needs for african-american transplants , doctor says .  donor official says 70 % of transplant patients will end up using stranger 's bone marro .
 appeals court : convicted terror planner 's sentence was too lenient <sec> 17 years too little time for convicted terror plotter , federal appeals court rules .  ruling : federal judge in 2007 trial did n't weigh criminal history adequately .  dissenter : lower-court judge 's sentencing discretion should n't be question .  jose padilla , 40 , a former gang member , plotted to set off `` dirty bombs .
 the shadows of a 'dark ' year <sec> heath ledger died in january , had been expected to reach new stardom .  year 's other events included britney spears institutionalization , `` snl '' heights .  election crossed over into entertainment realm .
 mh370 : narrowed underwater search nears end ; officials plan next steps <sec> u.s. navy source : the search should shift slightly north if no wreckage is found .  bluefin-21 may expand search area if it does n't make any findings in current search radius .  submersible has combed 95 % of a search area with no significant results .  malaysia says it will make its report on the missing plane public next wee .
 scotland snubbed by overseas referees <sec> portuguese and polish referees decide against covering for striking scottish officials .  luxembourg 's alain hamer will referee two scottish premier league matches in two days .  all six spl matches still expected to go ahead , but 12 other games are called off .  scottish referees are protesting increasing levels of criticism from clubs and medi .
 nasa announces new homes for retiring space shuttles <sec> the shuttles discovery , endeavour and atlantis carry historic and economic value .  the fourth , the enterprise , was a test shuttle that never flew into space .  communities housing the shuttles are expected to enjoy a tourist boom .  april 12 is the 50th anniversary of the first human space flight and 30th of the first shuttle fligh .
 is castro cuban-americans ' hitler ? <sec> marlins manager ozzie guillen apologized for comments admiring fidel castro .  charles garcia said some dismissed the controversy and said suspension was too harsh .  he says america needs a wake-up call about repression , brutality cuban exiles suffere .
 your cell phone , congo 's misery <sec> in congo , militia groups and army factions control many mines , says robin wright .  minerals in these mines go into cell phones , laptops , digital cameras and other products .  congolese mine work is back-breaking , perilous and poorly paid , wright says .  in congo , more than 5 million have died through war and hardships in the past decad .
 saying thanks to soldiers with quilts <sec> group of quilters in new york sends quilts to project helping injured soldiers .  quilts for injured soldiers project began in 2003 to help soldiers returning from war .  quilts from around the world are sorted by military affiliation and sent to andrews air force base .  american red cross volunteers distribute the quilts to soldier .
 cnn student news - march 13 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 why china , russia wo n't condemn syrian regime <sec> china and russia veto a draft resolution calling for the syrian regime to stop killings .  in 2010 , china was syria 's 3rd largest importer , according to ec data .  analyst : the value of syrian contracts with russia likely exceeds $ 4 billion .  china and russia say they support an end to the violence but disagreed with the draf .
 workers injured in florida propane plant blasts <sec> the situation is contained and an overnight evacuation order is lifted , the state says .  the company says several of the 24 employees working at the time were injured .  there were 53,000 20-pound cylinders of propane at the facility .  the blue rhino facility refills propane tanks used in gas grill .
 art project combines war , therapy -- and toys <sec> photographer brian mccarty has used toys in his art projects for years .  his latest work is combined with a children 's therapy effort .  his photographs aim to show the conflict from the kids ' perspective .
 robin williams : the man beyond the screen <sec> robin williams was more than just an actor and comic .  he revealed himself to fans in many ways .  williams was open about some of his problem .
 tennis mum clijsters says final farewell <sec> kim clijsters would prefer her daughter not to play professional tennis .  the four-time grand slam winner ended her career after this year 's u.s. open .  the belgian reached the top of the world rankings and earned over $ 24 million .  clijsters ' mother was a gymnast and her father was a professional footballe .
 flight attendant , jetblue part ways after dramatic exit from plane <sec> steven slater is no longer employed by jetblue .  he is famous for sliding down an emergency chute after an onboard incident .  slater pleaded not guilty to reckless endangerment and criminal mischie .
 digital health for kids , seniors and workout buffs <sec> at the consumer electronics show , there are 210 companies in the digital health area .  sensors are smaller , cheaper and can transmit data about your health to smartphone apps .  new games and pedometers aimed at kids are the latest tools for fighting childhood obesity .  sensors to monitor the health of seniors and sick people share data with doctors , famil .
 holmes ' dangerous mind and deadly weapons revealed in documents <sec> new : holmes ' psychiatrist warned campus police he was dangerous .  the former neuroscience student faces 166 charges in connection with a theater shooting .  the july 20 , 2012 , shooting left 12 dead ; prosecutors are seeking the death penalt .
 avoid sunscreens with potentially harmful ingredients , group warns <sec> environmental working group tests hundreds of beach and sport sunscreens .  56 % of sunscreens contain the chemical oxybenzone , group says .  fda ok 'd oxybenzone in sunscreen for use on children older than 6 months .  the america academy of dermatology maintains that oxybenzone is saf .
 another rain delay for endeavour 's last flight <sec> forecast pushes endeavour 's final flight back another day .  endeavour will be put on display at a los angeles museum .  the shuttle made 25 space flights between 1992 and 201 .
 nine-man valencia held by santander <sec> valencia trail third-placed villarreal by four points after 1-1 draw at santander .  visitors come from behind after ariel nahuelpan 's first-half opener for home team .  defender david navarro is sent off in second half before tino costa equalizes .  both teams then have a player sent off at the end of the matc .
 swedish police hunt serial shooter <sec> shooter targeting immigrants , police say .  15 cases could be linked to unknown shooter .  attacks have happened in southern town of malm .
 zaha hadid : 'i would n't build a prison ' <sec> architect zaha hadid says politicians should take care of their work force .  believes architecture can `` alleviate an oppressive situation '' .  full article to appear on cnn.com tomorro .
 qantas grounds airbus a380 fleet after mid-air engine failure <sec> a passenger says she heard a loud bang , then another .  qantas has six a380s in its fleet of 191 planes .  singapore airlines temporarily halts flights of its a380s .  the airbus a380 is the largest planes in the worl .
 al qaeda blamed for u.s. embassy attack <sec> militants attack u.s. embassy in yemen with car bombs and suicide bomber .  attack involved two cars and snipers ; some attackers wore police uniforms .  embassy spokesman says 10 yemen police , civilians killed ; six attackers dead .  new : president bush : `` a reminder that we are at war with extremists .
