 sex , spies and psychoanalysis in 'waiting for sunrise ' <sec> `` waiting for sunrise '' is a new novel from acclaimed british author william boyd .  the story , set in vienna in 1913 , goes from an analyst 's office to the middle of war .  boyd , on being asked to write the next james bond novel : `` i 'm furiously re-reading them .
 super-stealth sub powered by fuel cell <sec> the u212a is an ultra-advanced non-nuclear sub developed for the german navy .  powered by a revolutionary hydrogen fuel cell , it is almost totally silent .  without the need for combustible fuel , the sub can remain submerged for weeks at tim .
 snoop dogg : rapper 's delight at first mideast gig <sec> legendary u.s. rapper snoop dogg performs in lebanon 's capital , beirut .  beirut journalist habib battah followed snoop to show a different side of lebanon .  snoop has never visited the middle east before and plans more dates in region .  snoop on beirut : `` this is the party capital of the world .
 report : exams reveal abuse , torture of detainees <sec> report reveals medical evidence of torture , including beatings and electric shock .  study calls on u.s. government to issue a formal apology to tortured detainees .  rights group gives list of demands to bush administratio .
 female tech influencers and their ... hairstyles ? <sec> wpromote created `` which female tech influencer are you ? '' .  to inspire people .  marissa mayer , sheryl sandberg and three other women were included in the infographic .  the quiz is drawing attention to notable women in tech , evans sai .
 man 's 1988 child molestation conviction to be revisited <sec> new : `` i am optimistic and hopeful for the first time '' in years , jesse friedman says .  in 1988 , friedman pleaded guilty to sexually abusing children .  team of new york prosecutors to work with panel of experts .  2nd circuit court : officials `` did everything they could to coerce a guilty plea .
 analysis : organization , strategy keys to obama victory <sec> barack obama seemed unlikely to be democrat nominee a year ago .  well-planned and well-executed campaign helped fortunes soar .  fund-raising , support of kennedy clan important in his succes .
 wives say sergeants are heroes , not criminals <sec> wives say three army sergeants convicted of murder should not be in prison .  they say their husbands were heroes for protecting other soldiers in iraq .  all three wives have set up web sites to support their husbands .  watch saturday , sunday at 8 and 11 p.m . .  et ; read blog posts : abbie boudreau ; scott zamos .
 building collapse in colombia kills 1 ; 10 still missing <sec> new : two people are injured .  the building collapsed saturday night in medellin .  just before it tumbled , officials evacuated 24 families after they noticed crack .
 facebook exposes israeli draft dodgers <sec> facebook pages can reveal false claims for a religious exemption from the draft .  the pages can show people did things on the sabbath that orthodox jews would not do .  military service is required in israel , with a few exception .
 will one man keep americans locked up in prison ? <sec> left and right have united against harsh u.s. minimum sentences .  sally kohn : will senate judiciary committee chairman chuck grassley block reform .
 saudi pilot dies in spanish military crash <sec> the saudi army lieutenant colonel was on a training flight near seville .  he was training on the eurofighter typhoon , which crashed after takeoff .  his spanish co-pilot ejected before the crash and survive .
 beckenbauer admits he 's lost faith in fifa after world cup vote <sec> franz beckenbauer says he 's lost faith in fifa after the world cup voting process .  germany legend says losing bidders were treated `` disgracefully '' .  beckenbauer is to step down from fifa 's executive committee in marc .
 tillman 's parents : army still has n't told the truth <sec> pat tillman quit the nfl in 2002 to join the army after september 11 .  a friendly fire incident took tillman 's life in afghanistan in 2004 .  the tillmans accuse the army of lying and conducting improper investigations .  patrick tillman says his son may have been deliberately kille .
 military families : facing special challenges ( opinion ) <sec> house members put aside partisanship in support of military families .  authors : military spouses struggle with maintaining careers as families move .  they say state-specific licensing rules can make it extremely difficult for spouses ' careers .  we owe military families as much support as we can give them , authors sa .
 patti labelle joins 'american horror story : freak show ' <sec> the singer will appear in four episodes .  labelle will play the mother of gabourey sidibe 's character .  she most recently appeared on broadway in `` after midnight .
 cuba opens tourist hotels to citizens <sec> cubans make about $ 20 a month on average ; tourist hotels start at $ 60 a night .  cubans allowed to stay in tourist hotels beginning at midnight monday .  government recently lifted bans on cell phones , computers , dvd player .
 wwii slave soldiers reunite after 64 years , prepare for honors <sec> samuel fahrer , sidney lipson reunite six decades after surviving nazi camp .  they join with other survivors in florida to be honored for the first time by the army .  they were held at a camp called berga an der elster , part of infamous buchenwald .  prisoners endured forced labor , beatings and terrible living condition .
 man accused of threatening pelosi remains in custody <sec> new : gregory l. giusti speaker remains in custody pending a further hearing .  guisti , 48 , is accused of making threats against house speaker nancy pelosi .  fbi says arrest occurred `` after an investigation into threats against '' pelosi .  a man was arrested tuesday for alleged threats against sen. patty murray , d-washingto .
 steroid test results among feds ' evidence in bonds perjury case <sec> new : bonds ' attorneys are seeking to keep many of the documents out of court .  new : evidence will include phone conversation about `` injecting the defendant '' .  new : hearing in the perjury case is scheduled for thursday .  steroid test results and notes from ex-trainer among documents unseale .
 corruption charges dropped against south african leader <sec> jacob zuma is president of the anc , the most powerful party in south africa .  he is widely predicted to win the presidential vote , expected to take place in april .  zuma has denied claims of accepting bribes , money laundering , among others .  opposition parties accuse prosecutors of buckling under pressur .
 box office report : 'taken 2 ' scores explosive $ 50 million debut <sec> `` taken 2 's '' debut is the third-best ever in the month of october .  `` hotel transylvania '' finished the weekend in second place .  `` frankenweenie '' did n't seem to click with audience .
 juventus beat champions ac milan to top serie a <sec> juventus top of serie a after 2-0 win over champions ac milan .  claudio marchisio scored two late goals to give juve a crucial win .  udinese are second on goals scored after beating bologna 2-0 .  huub stevens makes winning start as schalke coach in bundeslig .
 lawyer : accused nyc madam 'does n't have 2 nickels to rub together ' <sec> a lawyer offers his nyc loft in lieu of a $ 2 million bail so anna gristina can get out of jail .  a hearing will be held thursday to consider that proposal .  gristina , 44 , is accused of running an escort service for high-powered clientele .  her two legal representatives are at odds during monday 's hearin .
 wiring warning came months before soldier electrocuted <sec> sergeant complained about bad wiring months before another soldier died .  soldier testified wednesday that he sent a work order to fix the problem in 2007 .  staff sgt . .  ryan maseth was electrocuted in a shower in the same quarters in 2008 .  executive from electrical contractor kbr blamed army for wiring issu .
 what 's your type ? ancient personality system enters corporate mainstream <sec> the enneagram system sorts individuals into nine personality types .  in businesses , it has been adapted as a way of bringing insight into oneself and others .  a report shows it is on par with the myers-briggs system and other well-known psychological systems .  the system is typically taught in a half-day to two-day cours .
 rights group : rein in libyan militias <sec> amnesty international warns libya 's leaders risk repeating moammar gadhafi 's mistakes .  ahead of saturday 's election , the rights group publishes a scathing report .  it focuses on armed militias that it says are operating above the law .  some detainees are victims of revenge , the report say .
 protesters in morocco demand reform of rape laws after teen girl 's suicide <sec> demonstrators rally saturday in rabat calling for changes in morocco 's rape laws .  a teen girl committed suicide last week , after a judge said she must marry her alleged rapist .  a rapist is no longer liable if he marries his victim , under moroccan law .  a government spokesman says , `` we can not ignore this tragedy .
 from mastering code to creating the perfect pizza <sec> new yorker jeff varasano struggled to find pizza that he liked when he moved to atlanta .  the software engineer set out to create his own , perfect pizza at home .  in 2009 he opened his own pizzeria , varasano ' .
 tendulkar 's latest ton puts india on verge of series victory <sec> sachin tendulkar closes on another double-century as india reach 435-5 on day three .  hosts trail australia by 43 runs in first innings with two days to play in second test .  tourists strike three times in final session as wicket shows signs of deterioration .  australia need to win in bangalore to level the two-match serie .
 white house sending 3 aides to michael brown 's funeral <sec> one of the white house officials attended high school with brown 's mother .  brown was fatally shot august 9 in ferguson , missouri .  he will be eulogized at the friendly temple missionary baptist church in st. loui .
 ireporters sniff out names , breeds for first dog <sec> cnn.com readers suggest the perfect presidential pet .  labs , pomeranians and a llama top the list .  many said the obamas should pick a mutt from the shelter .  tell us what you think at ireport.co .
 vanishing istanbul : time called on bohemian backstreets <sec> istanbul 's crumbling beyoglu district has been home to the city 's artists but rising rents are pushing some out .  kooperatif , an art and performance hall in the heart of beyoglu , recently closed shop .  istanbul has been awash with development projects over the past decade .  changes are being driven driven by turkish economic growt .
 elena baltacha : tennis star dies aged 30 <sec> british tennis player elena baltacha dies aged 30 .  baltacha revealed she had liver cancer in march .  the ukraine-born star was diagnosed with primary sclerosing cholangitis at 19 .  baltacha spent 132 weeks as british no . .  1 between december 2009 and june 201 .
 turkish foreign minister suggests aid for syrian civilians <sec> turkish foreign minister says efforts could be outside united nations .  al-assad , the minister says , has lost all credibility .  ahmet davutoglu is meeting with clinton on monday .  he is more optimistic over talks with iran on nuclear issue .
 iran cancels planned release of american hiker <sec> prosecutor cites incomplete judicial process .  shourd is one of 3 american hikers held in iran for more than a year .  she was to have been released saturda .
 glenn beck : put the 'care ' back in health care <sec> beck suffered excruciating pain after surgery , he says .  cocktail of medicines made him hallucinate , says beck .  key to improving health care is compassionate people , says bec .
 jackson burial moved to september 3 <sec> michael jackson to be buried thursday , september 3 , at forest lawn .  singer originally scheduled to be buried august 29 ; no reason given for change .  jackson movie drawing on concert footage will open october 2 .
 mortar kills 1 , injures 9 near russian embassy in syria <sec> new : u.s. condemns attack .  russia says it 's investigating attack near embassy in damascus .  nine injured are syrians working security for russian embassy , russia says .  at least 55 people killed across syria on thursday , opposition group report .
 18-foot oarfish discovered in s. california <sec> marine science instructor discovered the 18-foot oarfish while snorkeling .  oarfish usually live in the deep sea , marine scientists say .  it is unclear why the oarfish was discovered in shallow water .  the discovery could lead to finding out more about the fis .
 source : obama has 'nice things to say ' about dnc chair <sec> debbie wasserman schultz will introduce president obama at the women 's leadership forum .  grumblings about the dnc chairwoman `` did n't come from the white house , '' source says .  source : but the white house is n't pushing back against a report of the grumblings .  `` it 's not like we 're about to dump her '' so close to midterm elections , the source add .
 gore , parker urge web to 'occupy democracy ' <sec> al gore : 'our democracy is being hacked ' and the web can help .  gore and napster founder sean parker spoke at south by southwest interactive .  both say money is too prevalent in politics and the web needs to balance that .  parker founded votizen to help turn social networks into political activis .
 5-year-old kentucky boy fatally shoots 2-year-old sister <sec> family members describe the shooting as a tragic accident .  the boy got the crickett rifle for his 5th birthday , officials say .  the mom was home but had stepped outside , a police spokesman says .  in april , two more incidents of young kids shooting and killing other .
 kidnapped girls : what you can do to help <sec> want to help the kidnapped nigerian girls , and others facing barriers to education ? .  600 million adolescent girls live in developing countries ; millions ca n't go to school . .  the malala fund has launched an initiative to support girls ' education programs in nigeria .  there are many other organizations helping girls around the world overcome obstacle .
 in convention speeches , history is made <sec> speeches are the highlight of each party 's political convention , says julian zelizer .  some speeches put forth ideas that shape the next generation of candidates , he says .  others eviscerate the opposition , permanently defining candidates and parties , he says .  zelizer : some speeches inspire , others make instant stars , and others flop resoundingl .
 hip-hop and jazz : sharing a similar destiny ? <sec> atlanta-based group jaspects fuses rap , jazz to attract younger audiences .  hip-hop , like jazz , is at risk of not evolving due to lack of ownership , some say .  producer jermaine dupri says there are n't enough black execs in music busines .
 air ambulance crashes in texas , killing five <sec> air ambulance crashes a mile from alpine , texas .  patient , family member , nurses and pilot killed .  officials are investigating the cras .
 basic training for couples curriculum <sec> nisa muhammad and rozario slack created a basic training for couples .  the eight-week program helps dating , engaged and married couples stay on track .  unhealthy relationships give kids inaccurate views of marriage , says muhamma .
 father charged in son 's slaying 31 years later <sec> stanley guidroz has been charged with killing his 3-year-old son .  prosecutors said guidroz confessed after detectives interviewed him in louisiana .  a warrant has been issued for guidroz to return to washingto .
 you 've achieved career success . what 's next ? <sec> what do you do after reaching ceo status ? .  some like tyra banks choose to take an executive education course .  others switch sectors or reinvent their caree .
 after deadly roller coaster ride , more questions than answers <sec> six flags is investigating after a texas woman plunged to her death from a ride .  the medical examiner says the woman suffered multiple traumatic injuries .  some say the incident is a sign that more regulation is needed .  the amusement park industry says safety has long been a top priorit .
 united in dislike : the good , the bad and the ugly of sporting rivalry <sec> boris becker says he has still to celebrate his 1992 olympic gold medal with doubles partner michael stich .  german duo managed to win gold despite an intense tennis rivalry at the time .  top-flight sport is inundated with examples of teams that have suffered when protagonists have clashe .
 the art of living forever : equine taxidermy <sec> from race horses to war horses , museums display taxidermy equines .  includes comanche , lone survivor of 1876 battle of the little bighorn .  taxidermy involves stretching real animal skin over artificial frame .  enduring allure as animals teeter in realm between life and deat .
 pigeon caught in india-pakistan trust gap <sec> residents bring bird to police .  suspicion is raised that it might be spying for pakistan .  had pakistani address stamped on its wings .  bird handed over to wildlife authoritie .
 gm 's 'reinvention ' starts with $ 25 million battery lab <sec> general motors opens largest automotive battery laboratory in the u.s . .  gm invests $ 25 million in the 33,000-square-foot global battery systems lab .  lab will develop and test the drivetrains underpinning alternative vehicles .  opening comes one week after company filed for chapter 11 bankruptc .
 demonstrators in saudi arabia demand prisoners ' release <sec> the focus of friday 's protest is a shiite prayer leader arrested last week .  hundreds of protesters thursday also called for the release of shiite prisoners .  shiites are a minority in saudi arabia .  analysts believe protests in bahrain could spill over into saudi arabi .
 u.s. to send mia team to north korea for first time since '05 <sec> the mission aims to recover the remains of missing u.s. veterans of the korean war .  it is expected to be conducted this spring .  such missions have been on hold since 2005 due to tensions between the u.s. , north kore .
 cassetti gives roma 'derby ' victory <sec> roma move up to sixth place in the serie a table after a 1-0 victory over city rivals lazio .  substitute full-back marco cassetti scored the only goal of the game in the 79th minute .  jonathan biabiany scored twice as parma drew 2-2 away to genoa to keep hold of fourth positio .
 israel expects egypt to 'solve the problem ' of mass border crossing <sec> new : hamas to blame for `` serious '' situation , says `` very concerned '' white house .  gaza city quiet ; egyptian town bustling ; more cars entering gaza .  gaza rocket attacks into southern israel cease , israel says .  u.s. blames hamas after 50,000 cross into gaza to egypt to buy good .
 hospital slams prank call radio station over nurse 's death <sec> hospital chairman slams `` truly appalling '' decision to air the prank call on 2day fm .  australia 's media regulator says it is talking to the radio station about the hoax call .  australian djs mel greig and michael christian `` mutually decide '' to go off air .  nurse jacintha saldanha was found dead after taking the prank call on catherin .
 amnesty : release zambian men arrested over alleged homosexual acts <sec> authorities subject them to anal examinations without their consent , a rights group says .  amnesty international : it was the second detention for the two men .  homosexuality is illegal in most african countrie .
 egypt antiquities chief plans to step down in protest <sec> hawass : the police can not do enough to protect egypt 's treasures .  he says two dozen sites have been looted or vandalized in recent days .  `` i have no interest '' in joining the new cabinet , he says .  he was appointed to the post by mubara .
 crews rescue injured man from tennessee cave <sec> new : a man injured during a tennessee cave expedition is freed .  new : rescue workers widened a small crawl space to get him out .  new : the man is being transferred to an area hospital for treatmen .
 sepp blatter : it 's time to end ban on women at matches <sec> fifa president writes about issue in fifa weekly magazine .  he says he discussed it during talks with iranian president .  thousands of iranian women watched games at asian cup in australia .  protests held at tournament called for ban to be ende .
