 corsica to host tour start in 2013 <sec> the 2013 tour de france will start from the french island of corsica .  three stages will be held on the island , the first time the tour has visited .  2013 marks the 100th edition of the biggest cycle race in the worl .
 apparently this matters : epad femme <sec> `` apparently this matters '' is cnn tech 's weekly , offbeat look at what 's trending .  the epad femme is a tablet device designed for women .  dubai-based eurostar group came up with the idea .  it 's popular online , but maybe not in the most positive wa .
 saints head coach expresses 'regret ' in bounty scandal <sec> sean payton says as head coach , he 's responsible for `` anything that happens '' on team .  payton will consider appealing his suspension over the next 2-3 days .  last week , several saints coaches were punished over a `` bounty '' scandal .  nfl commissioner roger goodell is focusing on punishments for player .
 judge tentatively denies michael jackson wrongful death retrial <sec> the trial ended in october with a victory for aeg live .  jackson lawyers argued the verdict form used by the jury was faulty .  four jurors signed statements saying they did not understand the verdict form .  jackson lawyers have indicated they will appeal the jury 's verdic .
 final shuttle launch bittersweet at air and space museum <sec> crowds lines up to see the shuttle launch in the museum .  `` it 's sad , '' says reagan diesing , 9 , who fears a dream is being abandoned .  `` it was good to be able to see that last one , but sad at the same time , '' his mother say .
 chevron gives pizzas to pa. residents near blown gas well <sec> a chevron natural gas well exploded last week , killing one worker and injuring another .  chevron says `` around the clock '' efforts continue to shut the well .  meanwhile , 100 certificates for free pizza are sent by chevron to residents .  one resident tweets : `` worst apology ever : sorry our ... well exploded . .  here 's a free pizza .
 dennis hopper 's death follows battle with cancer , divorce fight <sec> hopper was surrounded by his children when he died , his wife said .  actor was diagnosed with prostate cancer last october .  hopper wished to be buried in taos , new mexico , his wife said .  hopper and wife victoria were in the midst of a bitter divorce battle during his illnes .
 violence erupts in rome after berlusconi survives confidence votes <sec> new : violence erupts along a main commercial street .  new : protesters set fires , throw bottles and rocks .  new : protesters clash with police , who are using tear gas .  berlusconi survived by a narrow margin after the vot .
 nanny nightmare could soon end for california family <sec> media report says nanny offered to leave by july 4 .  bracamonte family reportedly rejected one of the nanny 's conditions for departure .  a california judge ruled in favor of the nanny as a tenant in the home .  the family fired her in early june after the nanny stopped workin .
 florida man pleads guilty to molesting , murdering girl <sec> new : `` your name is monster , '' a girl says of her sister 's killer .  jarred harrell pleads guilty to murder , kidnapping and sexual battery .  somer thompson was found in a georgia landfill about 55 miles from where she was last seen .  her mother says of harrell , `` may god have mercy on your sorry , sorry soul .
 firm agrees to historic settlement for immigration violations <sec> pallet and crate company ifco systems north america will pay $ 20.7 million .  ifco accused of luring workers to u.s. , giving them fake social security numbers .  justice wo n't pursue criminal charges if company complies with settlement .  as many as 6,000 illegal immigrants worked for company from 2003 to 200 .
 is hungary next country to face crisis ? <sec> hungary requests help from eu , imf over fears it could go bankrupt .  it is eastern europe 's most indebted nation , with a debt-to-gdp ratio of 80 % .  problems compounded when credit rating was junked by major ratings agencies .  situation complicated with eu threatening legal action over hungary 's new constitutio .
 manson family member van houten denied parole again <sec> new : no parole for manson acolyte leslie van houten .  new : 60-year-old convict `` still poses a risk to society , '' board rules .  van houten was convicted of first-degree murder for 1969 slaying of rosemary labianca .  van houten has been continuously imprisoned since 197 .
 best used fuel-efficient cars under $ 10,000 <sec> the 2000 honda insight was the first gasoline-electric hybrid sold in the u.s . .  the chevy prizm was initially rolled out under the geo nameplate .  2001-2002 prius has become a green living icon .  the 1998 - 2000 corolla has been a stalwart for more than 40 year .
 taliban demand afghan trial for alleged shooter <sec> new : `` you could n't imagine a more difficult case , '' bales ' lawyer says .  bales is accused in a march 11 shooting that left 16 afghan civilians dead .  a taliban official says `` we do n't think that one american '' killed them all .  the shooting has strained relations between the u.s. and afghanista .
 immigrant : can we trust obama ? <sec> at 10 , tania unzueta moved to u.s. with undocumented family , who are considered illegal .  she worries her dad wo n't come home , about her mom who ca n't go to mexico to see family .  unzueta : obama let immigrants down by excessive deportation , inhumane detention centers .  she is applying under new act that will give her ability to work , but worries about her famil .
 top players praise award-winner messi <sec> fellow-professionals praise lionel messi after his fifa world player of the year victory .  the barcelona star won three times as many votes as second-placed cristiano ronaldo , the 2008 winner .  england internationals john terry and steven gerrard both believe messi was a deserving winne .
 spanish forest fire claims fifth firefighter in a week <sec> aircraft being used in aragon and catalonia to battle the fires .  44-year-old firefighter died while heading toward a fire in teruel province .  four firefighters died tuesday in eastern catalonia , not far from teruel .  spain is plagued by forest and brush fires every summe .
 victim in jeffs case : 'this is not the end ' <sec> elissa wall says she `` would n't change a thing '' .  warren jeffs ' utah convictions thrown out by state supreme court .  report : texas launches new efforts to extradite jeffs .  feds say they will take jeffs into custody if he is freed on state charge .
 whitney houston generation : 'soundtrack ' of our lives <sec> childhood fans of whitney houston reminisce .  houston provided a `` vocal role model , '' one ireporter says .  `` greatest love of all '' helped a young boy stay on the right pat .
 ill djokovic swept away by santoro <sec> world no . .  3 novak djokovic beaten in the second round of the paris masters .  the serb , who had a first-round bye , lost 6-3 6-2 to veteran fabrice santoro .  top seeds roger federer and rafael nadal win opening matches at berc .
 hillary clinton tells liberals to focus on women <sec> hillary clinton stepped up her rhetoric on economic equality on thursday .  clinton : `` we have to make these issues part of every political debate '' .  the message comes as democrats prepare to campaign nationwide for midterms .  rep. rosa delauro : `` my view is damn the torpedoes , full steam ahead , it is on .
 cnn student news - october 2 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 manchester united win turns screw on epl title rivals <sec> robin van persie and ryan giggs score in manchester united 's 2-0 win over everton .  victory puts united 12 points clear in english premier league title race .  it comes after the 55th anniversary of the munich air disaster involving united .  united will play real madrid in last 16 of champions league on wednesda .
 cruise ship fails cdc health inspection <sec> `` very few ships ... received a failing score over the last couple of years , '' cdc official says .  holland america 's ms veendam , which cdc inspectors visited in august , got a 77 .  an 85 or lower on the cdc 's 100-point inspection scale is considered failing .  the cruise line says `` the unsatisfactory score is highly unusual and an aberration .
 first man on moon gives rare interview to ... australian accountant ? <sec> famously reclusive neil armstrong grants interview to australian accountant .  apollo 11 astronaut narrates historic 1969 landing and first steps on moon .  armstrong landed eagle module on moon with only 20 seconds of fuel left .  81-year-old american worries about budget cuts to nas .
 what 's in the ink ? euro 2012 stars and their tattoos <sec> euro 2012 , co-hosted by poland and ukraine , kicks off on friday june 9 .  poland will play greece in the tournament 's opening match in warsaw .  a number of euro 2012 's star players will be sporting extravagant tattoos .  academic ellis cashmore believes footballers have tattoos to blend in with their colleague .
 golf rewrites rulebook to ban 'anchored ' putters for 2016 <sec> golf 's governing bodies ban use of anchored putters from start of 2016 .  adam scott used such a club to win the 2013 masters , continuing a trend .  usga and r & a say anchored putters are not in traditional understanding of golf swing .  u.s. pga tour will decide whether to incorporate the ban in its tournament .
 oracle team usa deny new zealanders once again <sec> oracle team usa win race 16 of america 's cup .  emirates team new zealand one race win away from lifting auld mug .  u.s. crew started the best-of-17 series on -2 after illegally modifying catamarans .  races 17 and 18 in san francisco scheduled for tuesda .
 maimed iraqi cop seeks u.s. asylum : 'there 's no future for me ' <sec> omar hameed was a policeman in falluja , where he worked with u.s. forces .  he says a bomb that destroyed parts of his legs was retribution for those efforts .  he , his wife and their four young children applied for u.s. asylum a year ago .  hameed says he has no regrets , but remaining in iraq is n't feasibl .
 former guatemalan first lady 's presidential run hits wall <sec> new : sandra torres says judges made their decision `` without any legal basis '' .  the nation 's constitutional court says she ca n't run for office .  she divorced her husband , the president , to run .  in guatemala , close relatives of the president are barred from running for electio .
 former vice president walter mondale released from hospital <sec> walter mondale was released from the mayo clinic on saturday , hospital spokeswoman said .  the former vice president , 87 , was treated for cold and flu symptom .
 giacometti sculpture sells for record $ 104m <sec> a mystery bidder paid $ 104 million for a giacometti sculpture .  it was the most paid for a piece of art sold at auction .  a gustav klimt landscape painting took in $ 43 million .  the entire auction took in a record-breaking $ 235 million on the nigh .
 chiang mai gets creative <sec> chiang mai is known for its religious traditions .  city also has a modern side with growing creative class .  campaign for city to gain unesco creative city designatio .
 teaching 'peace corps ' attracts recent graduates <sec> teach for america places college grads as teachers in low-income schools .  some question whether graduates are qualified to teach in tough classrooms .  group will place more than 4,000 teachers across united states this yea .
 police handcuff 6-year-old student in georgia <sec> the episode recalls a 2005 incident in which a 5-year-old girl was handcuffed in florida .  a georgia 6-year-old is arrested after tantrum in principal 's office .  salecia johnson was handcuffed after several attempts to calm her down , police say .  `` when a person is put in handcuffs it 's for their safety , it 's not a punishment , '' say polic .
 commentary : obama 's rush to judgment on police <sec> maria haberfeld : president obama said police acted stupidly in arresting professor .  she says act could be viewed as result of officers ' awareness of potential danger .  she says officers arrive at such scenes with heightened sense of dange .
 know yahoo 's marissa mayer in 11 facts <sec> here are some facts that help define marissa mayer , yahoo 's new ceo .  she comes from google , where she oversaw many key products .  mayer was google 's 20th hire and its first female engineer .  she reportedly paid $ 60,000 at a charity auction for lunch with designer oscar de la rent .
 she used 4 easy tips to lose weight <sec> anita mills lost 232 pounds .  she followed four tips from her doctor , plus exercise .  mills feels like she has a whole new life to liv .
 ma ying-jeou : creating closer ties <sec> taiwan 's premier , ma ying-jeou , elected by biggest margin in history .  has promised to bring economic prosperity back to taiwan and engage china .  hugely difficult task ahead of strengthening ties with china and allaying public fear .
 pakistan summons u.s. envoy after death of pakistan taliban leader <sec> new : u.s. official stresses pakistan taliban ties to 2009 attack and times square plot .  u.s. and pakistani officials say taliban leader hakimullah mehsud died in a drone strike .  haqqani terror group vows attacks within a few days .  government peace talks with the pakistan taliban will not be delayed , minister say .
 tillis gets national security boost from mccain - cnnpolitics.com <sec> mccain joined tillis in slamming hagan 's armed services committee attendance record . .  isis has become a campaign issue after the tillis campaign attacked hagan 's hearing attendance .
 cnn student news - november 1 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum 's newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 myers ' 'guru ' up for year 's worst <sec> razzie awards , honoring hollywood 's worst , are a counterpoint to oscars .  among this year 's leaders : mike myers ' `` the love guru '' .  `` bad movie uber-meister '' uwe boll will receive razzie for career achievemen .
 ai weiwei supporters post nude photos to protest porn allegations <sec> chinese artist ai weiwei says he 's being investigated on porn charges .  artist 's fans are posting nude photos online in protest of the porn allegations .  ai faces tax evasion charges , which he calls punishment for outspokennes .
 arthur , no longer a hurricane , loses strength <sec> arthur weakens to a post-tropical storm early saturday .  tropical storm warnings for parts of the northeast are dropped .  parts of new england can expect heavy rain saturda .
 dempsey : u.s. can not lose to slovenia <sec> michael bradley says u.s. team is battle hardened after confederations cup .  u.s. earned 1-1 draw with england in opening world cup match .  clint dempsey says u.s. ca n't afford to lose friday 's game with slovenia .  dempsey : `` if we lose this game , potentially we 'll be out of the tournament .
 this week on marketplace middle east <sec> saudi telecom is one of the key players in the global telecommunication industry . .  stc 's ceo for international operation talks to mme on the company 's growing portfolio . .  plus , mme looks at how energy importers are looking for alternatives to iranian oil .
 five breast-feeding mistakes new moms make , and how to fix them <sec> cdc study finds most women quit breast-feeding within six months .  common obstacles : worry about adequate milk production , inconvenience .  seeking help , from friends , lactation consultants is key , experts sa .
 italy captain cannavaro rejoins juventus <sec> italy captain fabio cannavaro rejoining juve after three years at real madrid .  news comes less than 24 hours after the club sacked coach claudio ranieri .  defender cannavaro , 35 , won two scudetti with juventus , in 2005 and 200 .
 rooney sent off as england secure place in euro 2012 finals with draw <sec> england qualify for the euro 2012 finals after a 2-2 group g draw in montenegro .  wayne rooney is sent off and will now miss at least the opening match of the finals .  spain , netherlands and germany all win to remain 100 per cent in qualification .  russia and greece edge close to sealing qualification with vital victories on frida .
 marco rubio : quarantined nurse is a 'hero ' <sec> sen. marco rubio praised the nurse who was quarantined in new jersey for 65 hours .  as oppose to a travel ban , rubio says he supports stopping visas to ebola hot zones .  rubio was campaigning in iowa for gop senate hopeful joni erns .
 new york 's indie video game arcade takes 'punk ' to the next level <sec> underground space in nondescript new york building home to indie video game arcade .  homemade video games , indie bands , diverse crowd make up `` raucus '' , `` radical '' punk scene .  owners , patrons strive for an experience that `` ca n't be bought in a store .
 nigerian police : kidnapped children free <sec> the kidnappings took place in southeastern nigeria .  the abduction occurred in nigeria 's `` kidnapping capital '' .  the children are students at an international schoo .
 o'donnell , coons stage feisty debate in delaware <sec> new : o'donnell backs more state powers on social issues .  new : coons criticizes o'donnell for comment on food stamp recipients .  candidates spar on issues on cnn debate .  o'donnell expresses conservative views ; coons takes mostly liberal stance .
 police warn teen over twitter abuse of uk diver tom daley <sec> british police arrest a 17-year-old over twitter messages to british diver tom daley .  rileyy_69 sent daley a message saying that he had let his father down .  daley 's father died last year of brain cancer .  police issue teenager with harassment warning and bailed him to return to statio .
 missing plane and air disasters : how bad was 2014 ? <sec> 2014 has had the lowest number of plane crashes in over 80 years , the baaa says .  but 2014 had the most aviation deaths since 2005 .  statistics show flying is still far safer than drivin .
 hospital to 18 people : you may have been exposed to creutzfeldt-jakob <sec> cdc says no one has been known to get cjd from surgical instruments since 1976 .  18 surgery patients getting news : they may have been exposed to creutzfeldt-jakob .  the disease is a serious and incurable neurological disorder .  hospital says instruments used in a surgery did n't get the approved sterilizatio .
 rapper explains why he severed his penis <sec> andre johnson told e ! .  he was n't attempting suicide .  he said he had done drugs but knew what he was doing .  `` i 'm alive , penis or no penis , '' johnson sai .
 after beatrix , is it time for the next generation of european royals ? <sec> queen beatrix of the netherlands hands over the crown to her son .  older monarchs are on the thrones in britain , spain , sweden , norway , denmark and belgium .  some analysts say the younger generation is best suited for the demands of modern monarchie .
 sierra leone rebels jailed for crimes against humanity <sec> three rebels in sierra leone sentenced for crimes against humanity .  u.n. special court for sierra leone found the men guilty in february .  men convicted of crimes such as murder , rape , sexual slavery , forced marriages .  charges stem from civil war that lasted from march 1991 to january 200 .
 obama 's midterm malaise <sec> obama sounds increasingly pessimistic about democrats ' chances in the midterms .  obama : `` we get depressed too easily '' .  democratic candidates in races across the country are distancing from obam .
 ex-ambassador , massachusetts governor cellucci dies <sec> paul cellucci went from a small town to become governor , ambassador to canada .  he announced he had lou gehrig 's disease in 2011 , then raised funds for research .  he died surrounded by family at his home , the umass medical school announces .  bush presidents call him a `` loyal friend ( and ) superb public servant .
 families find little comfort at afghan children 's hospital <sec> kabul hospital 's operating budget is less than $ 1,200 a month .  government pays salaries , but even basic supplies are often gone .  one in five afghan children will die before their 5th birthday , group say .
