 house republicans oppose obama 's method to pay for jobs plan <sec> new : boehner rejects ending both corporate tax breaks and tax cuts for the wealthy .  new : obama says the deficit reduction committee also can decide how to pay .  house speaker boehner promises the house will consider the president 's plan .  obama calls his job creation plan a `` common-sense '' blueprint threatened by politic .
 tropical storm could dampen july 4 on east coast <sec> new : 80 % chance that tropical system will form , national hurricane system says .  if it strengthens into a tropical storm , rain could fall from carolinas to northeast .  a tropical storm would be given the name arthu .
 no alcohol , illegal drugs in russell armstrong at death , coroner says <sec> new : mother , sister disagree with finding , want more investigation .  the coroner ruled the death was a suicide by hanging .  taylor armstrong agrees her husband killed himself , a coroner official says .  the `` real housewives of beverly hills '' cast member was found dead last mont .
 in gadhafi 's hometown , his once opulent house lies in ruins <sec> moammar gadhafi 's house had ornate furnishings and a salon with barber chairs .  gadhafi loyalists are still putting up a fight in the deposed leader 's hometown .  sirte is largely deserted after a month of fighting .  libya 's new leadership is waiting for sirte to fall to declare liberatio .
 russian television reporter killed in ukraine <sec> vgtrk correspondent igor kornelyuk was killed in mortar shelling tuesday .  kornelyuk was covering the crisis in the ukrainian city of luhansk .  the crew 's sound engineer is missing .  media watchdog : death shows that `` not enough is being done to protect journalists '' in ukrain .
 least corrupt place ? new zealand . worst ? somalia , north korea <sec> study looks at perceived corruption in countries .  the united states ranks no . .  24 on the least corrupt end of scale .  index is based partly on business opinion survey .
 'back is hindering federer , ' says serena 's coach <sec> a prominent tennis coach says roger federer can still challenge for titles .  patrick mouratoglou is the coach of women 's world no . .  1 serena williams .  mouratoglou convinced federer 's back injury is the reason behind his slump .  federer is bidding for a record seventh world tour finals triump .
 deputies fired no shots at end of christopher dorner manhunt , logs say <sec> san bernardino county deputies did n't fire guns in last 2 hours of dorner manhunt .  rogue ex-los angeles police officer refused to surrender , police logs show .  green smoke , allegedly set off by dorner , was seen inside the big bear cabin , logs sho .
 colorado teen killed in prank gone wrong <sec> new : teen 's brother says friend is `` devastated '' .  premila lal was shot and killed by a family friend .  the 18-year-old is remembered as a good student and athlete .  police call the shooting death `` unintended and extremely tragic .
 plastic ice for the polar bears ? <sec> john sutter : a researcher and i hosted a live chat about how we can save polar bears .  sutter : some of the readers asked about creating plastic islands to replace melting ice .  the scientist said `` it 's like trying to grow a forest in a bunch of styrofoam chips '' .  sutter : a recent paper suggests we may need to air-drop food on struggling bear .
 n.c. farm recalls cantaloupes , melons amid listeria concerns <sec> melons were grown in north carolina , sold to food distributors in 18 states .  fda found listeria on a melon and the place where they were packed .  no one known to be sick at this time , agency says .  gastointestinal symptoms can indicate listeriosi .
 madoff 's wife withdrew $ 15.5m before his arrest <sec> new : ruth madoff made withdrawals in november and december .  money taken from massachusetts company `` intertwined '' with new york company .  madoff faces one charge of securities fraud and could face up to 20 years in priso .
 death toll from 2 months of lashing rain rises to 297 in thailand <sec> more rain is predicted in some provinces and in the capital city .  residents in affected areas used boats , tires and styrofoam slabs to get around .  crews work feverishly to protect bangkok .  the situation in the capital city `` is not critical yet , '' the governor say .
 anthony 'c-3po ' daniels : new 'star wars ' best yet <sec> anthony daniels tweets that new `` star wars '' could be best sequel ever .  many fans think `` empire strikes back '' is best sequel of all time .  fans will decide after december 18 , 2015 , when `` star wars vii '' release .
 8 best city mascots around the world <sec> these city mascots around the world are celebrated for their unusual stories .  ginger town cat hamish mchamish in scotland has a statue and paparazzi following him everywhere .  a japanese train station has a cat for a station master .  berlin zoo 's knut the polar bear inspired `` knutmania '' around the worl .
 senators slam plan for wounded vets to use private insurance <sec> obama team considering plan in which vets would use private insurance for wounds .  no official proposal to create such a program has been announced publicly .  veterans organizations have been lobbying congress to oppose the idea .  lawmakers say plan would be rejected if it goes to congres .
 more travel delays in southeast as airports dig out <sec> airports have cleared runways , but airlines have a backlog .  more than 2,200 u.s. flights canceled wednesday , flight tracking site says .  atlanta hub hit hard by region 's bad weathe .
 nurse nina pham to meet her beloved dog <sec> bentley gets a third negative test for ebola .  the two will be reunited after his 21-day quarantine .  `` he 's such a joy , you ca n't help but love this little guy , '' caretaker say .
 u.s. options in syria shrivel as islamists , assad gain <sec> hardline salafist groups and especially al qaeda 's affiliate on offensive in syria .  moderates suffer from poor morale , lack of resources , allowing others to prosper .  making things still worse , there appears to be at least truce between al-nusra and isis .  west has stark choice : bashar al-assad or isis and other jihadist group .
 seaworld killer whale dies giving birth ; calf is stillborn <sec> killer whale at seaworld orlando dies giving birth .  calf is stillborn .  father of calf was involved in death of a trainer in februar .
 a guide to the world 's best music festivals <sec> cnn has put together a list of some of the best upcoming music festivals .  you can dress to kill at england 's bestival 's fancy dress competition .  enjoy the music , comedians and silent disco at bonnaroo in tennessee .  dance all weekend in the shadows of a 300-year-old serbian castl .
 general strike disrupts life in bangladesh <sec> bangladesh 's largest islamic party launches a general strike .  the strike is to protest the arrest and trial of the party 's top leaders .  those letters face charges of war crimes during the country 's war of independence in 197 .
 the flaw in the government 's logic on wiretapping <sec> jameel jaffer , alexander abdo : fisa amendments act violates americans ' privacy .  they say the act lets the government to target people without suspicion of wrongdoing .  they ask : will this invasive program be subject to meaningful judicial review at all ? .  jaffer , abdo : government 's efforts to shield the act from judicial review is disturbin .
 isaf chief gen. john allen under investigation amid petraeus probe <sec> defense official : allen has disputed that he did anything wrong .  official : there is a `` distinct possibility '' that this is connected to the petraeus scandal .  investigators are looking into 20,000 to 30,000 pages of document .
 to rebuild middle class , restore marriage <sec> americans , particularly those under 30 , increasingly support same-sex marriage .  david frum says the more pressing issue nationally is how to restore the role of marriage .  four of every 10 children are born to unmarried women , a worrying development , he says .  frum : marriage improves economic prospects and education , reduces crim .
 rand paul scores points with father 's skeptical supporters <sec> rand paul 's 13-hour filibuster helped him gain respect from father 's 2012 supporters .  ron paul 's supporters were distrustful of his son , who they see as the establishment .  blogs and media that supported ron paul voiced support for rand paul during filibuster .  some ron paul supporters who were wary of rand paul say they 're changing their min .
 sotomayor pledges 'fidelity to the law ' <sec> new : judge 's role `` not to make law , it is to apply the law , '' sotomayor tells panel .  democrats praise sonia sotomayor 's experience and dedication to rule of law .  republicans say she 's the kind of activist judge that threatens legal traditions .  sotomayor 's journey `` a truly american story , '' committee chairman say .
 a dog 's life : susan orlean on her new book , 'rin tin tin ' <sec> susan orlean is known for `` the orchid thief , '' but she 's also written about rin tin tin .  her latest novel is a biography of the famous german shepherd from hollywood .  `` i think i 'm often drawn , whether i realize it or not , to the idea of what drives people , '' she sai .
 eu leader says new sanctions to be proposed against russia <sec> european union leader : more sanctions against russia to be considered .  ukraine 's president says thousands of foreign troops are on ukrainian soil .  president of ukraine : 'point of no return ' may come if escalation continues .  ukrainian forces bolster defenses around southern port of mariupo .
 ex-nhl player , tv analyst milbury accused of assault on child <sec> new : milbury and nbc agree `` he should remain off air '' after the incident , nbc says .  police say the incident occurred at a pee wee game involving a team that milbury helps coach .  milbury 's lawyer says his client `` simply intervened in an altercation '' involving his son .  he played 12 seasons for the boston bruins , then became a coach , executive and tv analys .
 mh370 : next phase of underwater search months away <sec> underwater hunt for mh370 will effectively be put on hold once bluefin searches end .  new underwater vehicles not expected to join search for up to two months .  satellite data to be released tuesday ; some families believe search is in wrong spot .  mh370 , with 239 on board , disappeared on way from kuala lumpur to beijing on march .
 u.s. marine optimistic he 'll soon leave mexican prison <sec> 'i 'm not as down as i once was , '' sgt . .  andrew tahmooressi tells cnn .  he hopes wednesday hearing will bring his release from prison where he 's spent three months .  tahmooressi was arrested in march for crossing into mexico with three firearms .  he says he took a wrong turn and would never consider trafficking in gun .
 commandos entered dark hotel filled with bodies , gunfire <sec> disguised commando tells reporters rescuers entered unknown layout in the dark .  commandos had to avoid hurting civilians , convince them they were not terrorists .  attackers knew layout well , moved around frequently , commando says .  33 hours after siege , commandos rescued 200 people from taj mahal hote .
 the apocalypse , by the numbers <sec> some believe the world will end with the mayan `` long count '' calendar december 21 .  the mayans used three different types of calendars .  more than 200,000 people googled `` end of the world '' terms on december 20 .  52 million tourists are expected to visit mexico during `` year of the maya '' in 201 .
 nevada gop senator props up candidate to unseat reid <sec> nevada gop sen. dean heller wants a republican to unseat harry reid in 2016 .  he said has spoken with nevada gov . .  sandoval , urging him to run .  reid will lose his slot as majority leader since the gop now holds a senate majority .  heller lost his bid to become the nrsc chair thursda .
 opinion : what asian schools can teach the rest of the world <sec> shanghai and other east asian education systems top oecd 's international ranking .  success of east asia 's schools not about rote learning and drilling for tests , says andreas schleicher .  they excel because they leverage academic potential of disadvantaged students better than west .  a focus on hard work rather than talent and allowing teachers to be inventive also ke .
 opinion : from johnson to reagan to obama , the changing face of poverty <sec> donna brazile says while poverty has decreased , it has taken on a new form .  brazile : lyndon johnson knew what poverty looked like among poor whites and latinos .  brazile : there 's a secret behind obstructing barack obama 's economic equality agend .
 vettel wants victory after securing pole position <sec> sebastian vettel on pole position for malaysian grand prix .  ferarri pair felipe massa and fernando alonso to start second and third .  lotus ' kimi raikkonen given three-place penalty and down to 10th .  lewis hamilton fourth fastest in mercede .
 can sloane succeed serena and venus ? <sec> sloane stephens has enjoyed a successful year on the tour and is hotly tipped for success .  the 19-year-old will play italy 's francesca schiavone in the opening round of the u.s. open .  she is the daughter of former nfl player john stephens and ex-swimmer sybil smith .  rising star looking to build on promising runs at wimbledon and the french open earlier this yea .
 documents : slain cartel member feared for his life <sec> police say victim believed if cartel found him , he would be killed .  documents : suspect tried to find victim by paying his phone bill .  soldier michael jackson apodaca , 18 , was one of three men arrested monday .  other suspects include ruben rodriguez dorado and christopher andrew dura .
 hard sell : marketing missiles not for faint-hearted <sec> trade events like air shows give weapons manufacturers a chance to show off their products .  swedish arms maker ' saab has full size simulator of their anti-aircraft defense system .  saab : `` systems are getting more technical , so making them easy to operate is a strong selling point '' .  most military products on display are marketed as defensive rather than offensiv .
 accused wiki-leaker faces judgment friday <sec> bradley manning is believed to have leaked classified intelligence .  the 23-year-old soldier from oklahoma faces 22 charges of violating military law .  the most serious charge is aiding the enemy , which would likely result in a life sentenc .
 'green river killer ' pleads guilty to 49th murder <sec> new : gary ridgway was sentenced to his 49th consecutive life sentence .  new : ridgway could face the death penalty if he is ever convicted of murder outside king county .  ridgway , the `` green river killer , '' in 2003 pleaded guilty to the murders of 48 women .  he had confessed to killing marrero , but her remains were n't found until last decembe .
 david carr , we 'll miss you ( opinion ) <sec> a trio of disasters that battered american journalism could not come at a worse time for the news business .  the suspension of brian williams , and the deaths of bob simon and david carr , are unfortunate and sa .
 did surface-to-air missile take down airliner ? <sec> senior u.s. official : radar saw surface-to-air missile system track aircraft .  a sophisticated surface-to-air missile was more likely used , experts say .  one possibility is the russian-made buk missile system , retired army officer says .  the sophisticated weapon would require professional soldiers , expert say .
 chavez set to spend big on russian weapons <sec> venezuelan president hugo chavez wants to spend billions on russia weapons .  reports say venezuela could buy submarines and surface vessels .  venezuela has spent $ 4 billion on russian weapons in the pas .
 'a hundred rockets a day was a good day , ' doctor 's widow says <sec> her husband was working to end preventable blindness in afghanistan .  optometrist tom little and nine others were killed by gunmen in a remote area .  the taliban claimed responsibility for the attac .
 australia 's 'overwhelmed ' asylum centers slammed <sec> nearly 8,000 asylum seekers arrived in australia since new laws passed 3 months ago .  immigration minister said detention facilities can not accommodate all asylum seekers .  human rights groups criticize `` appalling '' conditions of detention facilitie .
 after baby formula , what will china harvest next ? <sec> more affluent chinese able to travel beyond borders for quality food products .  beijing searching for natural resource supplies to protect national interests .  soybeans , pork , oil , iron ore are commodities that may be impacted , say analyst .
 college students take adhd drugs for better grades <sec> researcher finds 30 % of students have illegally used adhd drugs adderall or ritalin .  `` i 'm more driven . .  i do n't focus on anything else , '' user says .  expert says drugs like adderall can produce jitters , headaches , stomach problem .
 airlines turn to social media to keep customers happy <sec> social media has become a favored platform airlines ' customer service .  qantas has started a tryout to monitor digital conversations on social-media sites like twitter or on facebook .  klm has staff members to monitor different social-media platform .
 fisher helps lakers open up 2-1 lead over celtics in nba finals <sec> l.a. lakers beat boston celtics 91-84 in the third match of the best-of-seven nba finals .  the lakers are now leading the series 2-1 with the next game to be played in boston .  derek fisher scored 11 in the last quarter and kobe bryant 29 in the game to aid the lakers win .  kevin garnett scored 25 for celtics but paul pierce and ray allen had poor scoring day .
 fda reveals bigger , graphic warning labels for cigarette packages <sec> new : top health official says the goal is lower death toll , health care costs from tobacco .  labels include warnings such as `` cigarettes are addictive '' and `` cigarettes cause cancer '' .  the new graphic labels must cover half the area on cigarette packages .  tobacco company r.j. reynolds says new requirements violate the first and fifth amendment .
 bhutto 's death heightens democracy concerns <sec> new : musharraf blames terrorists ; appeals for solidarity , cooperation .  karzai says bhutto `` sacrificed her life for the sake of pakistan '' .  bush calls on pakistan to honor bhutto by continuing democratic process .  defying death threats , ex-pm benazir bhutto killed after bombing at rall .
 isis : the street gang on steroids <sec> young isis recruits are searching for same protection and respect as gang members .  isis can deliver the myths of gang life , giving access to guns , power and money .  gangs and terrorists share a tension between personnel needs and infiltration risks .  to tackle gangs and isis , underlying social and political grievances must be addresse .
 cameron diaz : i want it all <sec> actress cameron diaz likes `` casual chic , eclectic style '' .  says she trust her judgment when it comes to dating .  her father taught her how to fight bullies in schoo .
 why half of urban kids drop out <sec> jonathan guryan , jens ludwig : graduation rates for big urban schools about 50 % .  many believe academic learning not feasible when disadvantaged kids reach teen years .  they say program of small-group tutoring raised kids ' performance considerably .  writers : it worked in chicago , why not elsewhere ? .  key is not to give up with teen .
 jets booze ban for sunday game irks new jersey vodka maker <sec> spokesman : game 's late start , fact that it 's regular season 's last game factored into decision .  decision does not affect tailgaters , negative fan reaction `` minimal , '' spokesman says .  ceo of new jersey vodka distillery says company will stop paying for executive seats .  martin silver says company set to lose more than $ 100,000 from tailgate parties this weeken .
 aircraft carrier that survived atomic blasts surveyed <sec> uss independence was sunk in 1951 after weapons tests .  carrier was close-in guinea pig to two atomic bomb tests .  agency : ship looks remarkably intact 2,600 feet below surface of the pacific ocea .
 police : no bail for o.j . simpson in las vegas robbery arrest <sec> no bail for ex-nfl star accused of directing men in alleged armed robbery .  simpson faces charges of robbery , assault , burglary and conspiracy .  alleged robbery involved sports-related items , police say .  simpson arrested sunday in las vegas , but he says items were hi .
 van der sloot indicted on wire fraud , extortion charges <sec> van der sloot indicted on charges of wire fraud , extortion .  ricardo flores , slaying victim 's father , meets with judge .  joran van der sloot files appeal to ruling upholding legality of his confession , detention .  judge is collecting statements from several potential witnesse .
 homeland security gets mixed reviews as 9/11 anniversary nears <sec> government accountability office report : dhs `` has yet to reach its full potential '' .  report is to be the subject of a senate hearing on wednesday .  gao says department has addressed about half of its recommendations .  dhs says report fails to mention some accomplishment .
 facetime with saeed al muntafiq <sec> john defterios sits down with saeed al muntafiq , tatweer 's executive chairman .  the company is playing a key role in dubai 's lightning fast growth .  al muntafiq talks about whether the growth has created an economic bubble .  he gives his opinions on the emirate 's future and the threat of inflatio .
 ethan zohn 's cancer returns <sec> `` i do n't want fear or cancer to define me , '' zohn said .  `` it 's localized in my lung area , '' zohn , 37 , says . .  zohn hopes to undergo another stem-cell transplan .
