 opinion : pakistan 's perilous democratic transition <sec> standoff between government and opposition creates uncertainty , damages economy .  pakistan 's powerful army often intervenes but has so far remained neutral .  however , a coup can not be completely ruled out .  pm nawaz sharif might come out of crisis weakened with the military controlling foreign and security policie .
 man charged with murder , drunk driving in pitcher 's death <sec> driver also faces charges of dui and leaving the scene .  adenhart , 22 , pitched six scoreless innings in wednesday 's game .  three people killed in crash early thursday in fullerton , californi .
 report : facebook testing new timeline format <sec> facebook is testing a new design for timeline pages that places all posts in a single column .  the current format , a two-column layout , includes posts on both sides .  some users have complained that the current timeline is confusin .
 egypt says adoptive moms were human smugglers <sec> women adopted children from orphanage run by coptic christian church .  alert was raised when they sought visas for children at u.s. embassy in cairo .  the women now face human-smuggling trial in egypt , where adoption is illega .
 staying in touch while you 're on the road <sec> mapness , a clickable atlas , can help you plan by letting you create custom maps .  eye-fi explore is a memory card that gives your camera wi-fi connectivity .  tripit organizes travel plans into a sorted itinerary you can access from any compute .
 waisale serevi : how radio made the rugby star <sec> fijian rugby idol waisale serevi is known as the `` king of sevens '' .  he played at three rugby world cups , but forged his reputation in sevens .  during his 17-year career , he won the hong kong sevens on seven occasions .  he also led fiji to two world cup sevens triumph .
 obama details his 'economic rescue plan ' <sec> new : barack obama lays out four-part plan for middle class .  new : obama proposes 90-day moratorium on foreclosures .  john mccain says obama would drive country further into debt .  mccain to voters : `` what america needs in this hour is a fighter .
 phelps struggles in old suit in stockholm <sec> swimming star michael phelps struggles in old-style racing suits at world cup short-course event .  the 14-time olympic gold medal winner missed out on two of three finals in stockholm .  he was one of the few to wear an old-style suit , which will be mandatory next year .  phelps has two more events on wednesday before heading to the next leg in berli .
 mexican drug cartels thrive in suburban atlanta <sec> city outpaces all others in the united states in drug-related cash seizures .  $ 30 million has been confiscated in atlanta this fiscal year .  location , proximity to other cities and highways cited in trafficking growth .  drug dealers `` hide in plain sight '' in suburban gwinnett count .
 clashes erupt in egypt 's volatile port said <sec> new : witnesses say a government security building was set ablaze .  4 killed , hundreds injured as egyptian city port said erupts again .  violence is growing as verdict nears for dozens of people accused in deadly riot at 2012 soccer game .  some people in port said have long resented cair .
 annan , in syria , calls for accountability <sec> new : houla resident : `` we 're used to the sights now , the blood , the sound of gunfire '' .  u.n.-arab league special envoy promises `` serious '' discussions with al-assad .  syria calls on the security council to hold accountable member states aiding the opposition .  the local coordination committees of syria reports 26 deaths on monda .
 carnival to fly passengers home after another cruise failure <sec> new : passengers get letter from captain apologizing , explaining plans to fly people home .  new : senator questions carnival 's improvement plans in letter to corporation ceo .  the ship 's emergency generator failed while docked at philipsburg , st. maarten .  `` there 's human waste all over the floor , '' one passenger say .
 mcilroy focused on masters challenge <sec> rory mcilroy is paying no attention to his critics heading into the masters .  the world no . .  2 has endured a troubled 2013 since switching to nike clubs .  he has been replaced at the top of the world rankings by nike stablemate tiger woods .  the 2013 masters at augusta begins on april 1 .
 pakistani taliban announce cease-fire , sources say <sec> new : pakistani taliban commanders say a cease-fire was agreed in south waziristan .  they say talks focus on south waziristan and include a demand for troop withdrawal .  the pakistani taliban 's official spokesman denies talks are taking place .  the pakistani government and military also say reports of talks are baseles .
 texas officials suspend warren jeffs ' phone privileges <sec> new : warren jeffs loses his phone privileges for now .  officials are investigating whether jeffs preached from prison on christmas day .  texas inmates are allowed to have as many as 10 people on their call list .  jeffs is currently serving a life-plus-20-year term in texas for sexual assaul .
 stress may be causing your cravings <sec> rajita sinha is a psychologist and head of the yale stress center .  stress can leave people overwhelmed and unable to cope with cravings .  addiction , overeating and other behaviors are all affected by stress level .
 nato mandate in afghanistan extended <sec> new : u.n. security council condemns kabul attack , calls for justice .  new : resolution does not address troop numbers ; comes hours after kabul attack .  bombing near indian embassy in kabul killed at least 17 people .  nato 's new leader rasmussen recently announced training of afghan polic .
 china moves to contain bo xilai scandal <sec> bo xilai stripped of communist party posts for unspecified `` serious breach of ( communist party ) discipline '' .  popular but controversial official was sacked last month as communist party chief of chongqing .  his wife , gu kailai , and a family aide arrested in connection with mysterious death of british businessman .  bo 's dismissal has triggered political in-fighting in the communist party ahead of political transitio .
 search continues for survivors of boat wreck <sec> survivors say the boat was carrying about 300 people .  it capsizes off lampedusa in maltese waters .  53 people have been rescued .  many of them came from african countries , newspaper report .
 clinton working from home after fall <sec> secretary of state hillary clinton breaks elbow in fall .  clinton was on her way to white house .  clinton plans to have surgery to repair elbo .
 florida teen gets a year in jail for impersonating a health worker <sec> matthew scheidt , 18 , will then spend a year under house arrest and 8 years ' probation .  he was convicted in august on four felonies .  the ruse began when a clerk 's error recorded him as physician assistan .
 venezuelan opposition leader leopoldo lopez turns himself in <sec> charges against leopoldo lopez include murder , terrorism , arson .  in a video message posted on twitter , lopez says he has no regrets .  maduro compares venezuela 's opposition to an infection that must be cured .  government blames u.s.-backed opposition ; protesters call for freedoms , end to scarcitie .
 detroit 's calvin johnson breaks single-season record for receiving yards <sec> johnson set the new record at 1,892 receiving yards in one season .  the lions wide receiver gained 225 receiving yards against the atlanta falcons .  he surpassed jerry rice 's old record of 1,848 , which has stood since 1995 .  after the play , johnson went to the sideline to give his father the ball and a hu .
 police : 9 arrested after mall of america fights <sec> new : police : at one point , authorities received reports of at least 10 fights .  a `` series of fights '' break out at the mall of america , officials say .  a witness says there were `` chairs being thrown everywhere '' .  the mall describes itself as the nation 's larges .
 facebook now lets you edit comments <sec> as of thursday , facebook allows users to edit comments rather than retype them . .  each comment will show its editing history in a drop-down menu to give users context . .  editing will be rolled out to users gradually over the next few days .
 dowd inspires campaign to educate colo. on pot edibles <sec> marijuana policy project aims to educate people on the dangers of marijuana edibles .  nyt 's maureen dowd 's column on nightmarish experience with candy bar was inspiration .  there have been at least two reported deaths following the use of pot-infused edibles .  pot 's effects take longer with edibles than smoking , leading some users to eat too muc .
 montana bride graham 's custom wedding song talks of falling <sec> montana bride accused of shoving husband to death commissioned a custom song .  `` everyone wants a safe place to fall , and you 're mine , '' the song 's lyrics say .  `` it 's a little creepy , '' songwriter elizabeth shea says .  jordan linn graham seemed like any other bride , shea say .
 robot bartender takes orders via smartphone <sec> mit allows partygoers to control robot bartender using their cellphones .  lab wanted drinkers to collaborate via social media to make new cocktails .  scientists say making robots available to all via phones signals `` third industrial revolution .
 pakistani actress : i posed topless , not nude for fhm <sec> veena malik appeared in fhm wearing only one thing : a tattoo on her arm bearing the initials isi .  malik said fhm doctored the photographs to show her without clothes on .  but fhm india says malik knew the terms all along and approved the photo .
 at least 6 dead in czech train crash <sec> reports : train crashed into a collapsed overpass , with up to 10 possibly dead .  eurocity train going from polish city of krakow to the czech capital , prague .  incident occured at around 0830 gmt , officials sa .
 suspect charged in '82 london attack <sec> new : john anthony downey appears in court charged with a 1982 london bombing .  he is accused of the murders of four cavalry members .  the cavalry members and 7 horses were killed as they traveled through hyde park .  `` there is sufficient evidence for a realistic prospect of conviction , '' said prosecutor .
 tracy morgan was unconscious after crash , witness says <sec> new : comedian harris stanton says tracy morgan was facing him when the accident occurred .  new : stanton tells cnn affiliate that morgan moaned some after the accident .  stop with the rumors about tracy morgan 's condition , megan wollover says through publicist .  he remains in critical but stable condition , his publicist say .
 analysis : united states-cuba relations begin the long thaw <sec> members of congressional black caucus met with cuba 's castro brothers .  lawmaker says `` it 's time to talk with cuba '' and ease travel , trade restrictions .  president obama has said he is in favor of changing the relationship with cuba .  but some members of congress are against relations openin .
 baseball world cup big news in cuba , no matter the outcome <sec> havana residents flock to radios , tv to watch baseball world cup title game .  u.s. beats cuba 10-5 ; game garnered more concentrated attention in cuba .  cuba consistently a baseball powerhouse despite stars ' defection .
 clashes erupt in jerusalem ; israeli in van attack dies <sec> palestinian medics : at least 30 palestinian youths hurt in clashes in east jerusalem .  security is stepped up in jerusalem amid rising tension over killings , status of holy site .  an israeli injured two days ago in an attack by a van driver has died , hospital officials say .  israeli military : a driver who says he struck soldiers in another attack turned himself i .
 pakistani teen jailed for blasphemy in school exam <sec> police official wo n't say what teen wrote for fear of violating blasphemy law .  the laws came into focus after a liberal politician was killed last year .  ullah is the latest pakistani to be accused of blasphemy .  he wrote the comments during a school exam last yea .
 mourning , recovery continues after mass colorado theater shooting <sec> new : 12 victims remain hospitalized , 4 are released , officials at 5 hospitals say .  a suspect shot them , and killed 12 , during a midnight showing of the latest batman movie .  authorities say the alleged shooter rigged his apartment with explosives .  tenants of the complex are finally being allowed back in , while victims are mourne .
 winds hinder battle against southwest wildfires <sec> the monument fire in southern arizona burns 18,580 acres .  the wallow fire in eastern arizona covers nearly 500,000 acres .  red-flag conditions expected through the weekend .  governor issues emergency declarations for cochise count .
 you either love or hate my movies , says tarantino <sec> `` reservoir dogs '' and `` kill bill '' director quentin tarantino talks about his films .  tarantino realised early in his career audiences would either love or hate his films .  the movie geek 's second film `` pulp fiction '' won the palm d'or at cannes .  on his style : `` i 'm trying to get you to laugh at things you 've never laughed at before .
 man charged with murder over missing wales girl <sec> new : `` this is an incredibly difficult time for april 's family , '' prosecutor says .  mark bridger is charged with murder , child abduction .  police continue to search for the missing 5-year-old .  april jones was abducted from a street near her home on monda .
 ousted president vows to return to honduras <sec> new : provisional honduran government says president faces arrest on return .  deposed president jose manuel zelaya says he 'll return home this week .  u.n. passes resolution saying ousted president should be returned to power .  three labor unions in honduras reportedly begin general strike to back zelay .
 recycling hotel soap to save lives <sec> cnn hero derreck kayongo , a uganda native , started the global soap project in 2009 .  the group recycles partially used hotel soaps and sends them to impoverished nations .  kayongo says many children are dying because they lack access to basic sanitation .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2011 cnn heroe .
 hibernation space ship could carry first humans to mars <sec> a study done for nasa foresees astronauts being unconscious for mars travel .  it would use a medical method called therapeutic hypothermia .  it is usually used to save trauma patients by inducing torpor , a type of hibernation .  the study says it would be better for the astronauts and deeply cut cost .
 inside a government computer attack exercise <sec> officials in idaho train for cyberattacks that could affect the real world .  hackers could target chemical plants , factories , water treatment centers .  mechanical systems are increasingly linked to computers , making them vulnerabl .
 u.s. panel demands release of baha'is facing trial in iran <sec> seven baha'is in iran to face trial saturday , could face death penalty .  u.s. panel on religious freedom urges their release , calls charges `` baseless '' .  the seven leaders are accused of spying for israel and religious offenses .  rights groups say the seven have spent a year in jail without access to lawye .
 blagojevich begins 14-year prison term <sec> new : former illinois gov . .  rod blagojevich arrives at a federal prison .  he says goodbye to supporters in chicago .  on thursday , he begins serving a 14-year sentence on a corruption conviction .  the federal prison is southwest of denve .
 cdc : antidepressants most prescribed drugs in u.s . <sec> cdc : antidepressants most-prescribed drugs in the u.s . .  of 2.4 billion prescriptions in 2005 , 118 million were for antidepressants .  expert : 25 percent of adults will have a major depressive episode at some poin .
 jeb bush must speak truth to gop voters <sec> jeb bush attended this year 's conservative political action conference .  ruben navarrette : latinos want to see if bush stands up to pressure from extremist .
 how plus size characters are changing tv <sec> source : `` weight is so visual , it will always be part of the conversation '' .  despite her personal trainer and waning insecurities , chelsea settles is n't a `` mini ruby '' .  ep : `` focusing on who [ settles ] really is as a person became the natural thing to do .
 10 things india does better than anywhere else <sec> head-shaking and wrist-flicking gestures are part of an indian 's genetic makeup .  indian women can do the most difficult of tasks while dripping with jewelry .  indian railways carries more than 20 million passengers each day and marks its 160th anniversary this yea .
 armenian turks prepare for commemoration of 1915 massacre <sec> fethiye cetin learned of her armenian heritage from her grandmother .  the grandmother survived the 1915 killings , assimilated , then kept her real identity hidden .  cetin , others want turkey to recognize the killings as a genocide ; the government has refused .  in the last decade a more public dialogue on the subject has begun in turke .
 this molecular sensor fits in your hand , reads your food <sec> new device allows users to check the nutritional value of food .  scio , which was funded by kickstarter , can detect if a drink has been spiked .  it can also be used to analyze medicine contents or the health of houseplants .  in two or three years people may be able to analyze food content via their smart phone .
 as eastern seaboard roasts , new york could set power use record <sec> new : new york could set a record for power usage this week .  new : `` we 've basically got all hands on deck , '' con ed executive says .  new : 7,600 customers in new york lost electricity , but it has been restored .  `` monsoonal moisture '' will dampen west texas and parts of arizona and new mexic .
 mandela 's pistol remains a hidden treasure decades later <sec> he buries the gun before he is thrown into prison in 1962 .  the makarov pistol was a gift to him by an ethiopian colonel .  it 's worth about $ 3 million , according to a museum official .  group hires military experts to try and pinpoint its exact locatio .
 wales considered 'fake injury ' in world cup semi <sec> warren gatland admits considering faking injury ar rugby world cup .  gatland 's wales lost saturday 's semifinal 9-8 to france .  wales were reduced to 14 men after sam warburton was issued a red card .  gatland said the decision to dismiss warburton was wron .
 pope francis rebukes religious militants <sec> no one can act as the `` armor of god , '' pope francis says .  pontiff says albania is an example of how people of different religions can live together .  francis does n't mention any militant group by name .  religious freedom is relatively new in the country with a large muslim populatio .
 u.s. officials : syria using more accurate , iranian-made missiles <sec> two u.s. military officials say the syrian regime fired at least two fateh a-110 missiles .  the move is an apparent attempt to more precisely target rebel forces , the officials say .  they decline to be identified because of the sensitive nature of the information .  the missiles are more accurate than older scuds , which have a longer rang .
 kazakhstan 's gold champion claimed by chinese <sec> weightlifter zulfiya chinshanlo won olympics gold medal for kazakhstan .  chinese media reported she was born and raised in hunan province under a chinese name .  hunan provincial sports bureau said she was transferred to kazakhstan team in 2008 .  many other athletes have left china to seek olympic glory abroa .
 north korean social media apparently hacked <sec> attack has hallmarks of hackers collective anonymous .  apparent hackings come after anonymous demands north korean leader 's resignation .  official north korean flickr account shows image skewering kim jong u .
 south dakota blizzard kills , buries cows ; feds leave ranchers in cold <sec> south dakota 's state veterinarian believes up to 20,000 cattle died in a blizzard .  the cold snap caught ranchers by surprise .  this year 's farm bill is hung up in congress .  the state 's governor is asking for donation .
 nigerian militants threaten international football tournament <sec> nigeria , africa 's largest oil producer , produces 2.4 million barrels of oil per day .  recent attacks by mend have limited shipment of crude oil supplies .  tournament to take place between october 24 and november 15 , according to fifa .  only two out of the nine stadia for under-17s competition close to being read .
 sarah michelle gellar 's favorite age <sec> sarah michelle gellar says she likes to workout outdoors and do pilates .  gellar bought her daughter a juicer and now the whole family enjoys it .  `` i do n't believe in trying to trick your body into things , '' gellar say .
 chelsea to appeal fifa 's player-transfer ban <sec> chelsea to mount the `` strongest appeal possible '' following the club 's ban .  chelsea prevented by fifa from signing any new players until 2011 .  club found to have `` induced '' gael kakuta to breach his contract with lens .  have fifa made the right decision ? .  sound off belo .
 6 dead in n.c. mobile home fire <sec> a mobile home fire kills six in north carolina .  no signs of foul play , but investigation is ongoing .  the victims have not yet been identifie .
