 nigerian military frees hostages in oil-rich region <sec> 9 filipinos and 5 nigerians released saturday , 4 ukrainians released sunday .  nigeria 's military began clearing the western niger delta region last week .  operation against militants demanding better distribution of country 's oil wealth .  movement for the emancipation of the niger delta has declared `` all-out war .
 ukraine : misery as conflict forces civilians from homes <sec> eu leaders may decide on further sanctions against russia by the end of the week .  homes , businesses and lives have been torn apart by shelling in donetsk city .  `` please stop your aggression . .  stop this war , '' one woman says to ukraine 's president .  u.n. : number of people internally displaced in ukraine more than doubled in a mont .
 emirates aims for the high net worth with private airbus service <sec> emirates executive offers chartered flights on a luxury airbus a319 .  airline hopes to tap into a growing niche market , especially in emerging regions .  plane-maker bombardier forecasts the private jet market will exceed pre-2008 levels by next yea .
 jubilation and hard work ahead for libya <sec> shadi hamid : libya 's new government 's task is challenge even before gadhafi 's death .  loathing for regime unified libyans , he says ; now new government must unify , govern .  disarming militias , integrating them into army next task ; slog toward democracy begins .  hamid : international community must use its unique chance to help libya in its transitio .
 opinion : do n't lower threshold on drunken driving <sec> national transportation safety board wants to reduce blood alcohol benchmark .  lz granderson : board 's goal is to reduce alcohol-related deaths , but this is hard to attain .  he says more teens die from texting and driving than drinking and driving .  lz : instead of lowering the threshold , enforce current laws bette .
 video : isis purportedly beheads japanese hostage <sec> japanese hostage kenji goto appears to be the latest foreigner decapitated by isis .  `` it was his passion ... to inform the rest of us of the tragedies of war , '' goto 's wife says .  jordan says it is still trying to free a pilot held captive by isi .
 texas man arrested 45 years after pennsylvania slaying <sec> richard keiper , 67 , of boyd , texas , will face murder , robbery and theft charges , police say .  he is accused of killing alfred barnes , 40 , in monroe county , pennsylvania , 45 years ago .  barnes ' body , with multiple gunshot wounds , was found in a fiel .
 da : woman turned into sex slave after internet meeting <sec> a woman who agreed to cook and clean for free rent allegedly ended up a sex slave .  the woman met john hopkins on craigslist .  she says she was repeatedly raped .  hopkins is currently being held on $ 350,000 bai .
 when political foes play for the same team - cnnpolitics.com <sec> electoral politics enter into bipartisan women 's softball game .  rep. debbie wasserman schultz is co-captain and head of the democratic national committee .  republican rep. shelley moore capito , co-captain , is running for senat .
 for this 'cookie monster , ' it was 'me want money ! ' ny police say <sec> the man was impersonating cookie monster to hustle money posing for photos , police say .  when a toddler 's parents refused to pay $ 2 , this cookie monster apparently got mad .  the child was shoved , and the costumed character was arreste .
 nepal earthquake : india leads massive aid effort <sec> india has launched a massive aid mission to its earthquake-hit neighbor nepal .  disaster relief troops and tons of food , water and medicine have been flown i .
 why madonna still leads , others follow <sec> lz granderson says madonna topping billboard chart with new album ; she 's so not over .  he says it 's hard to dismiss singer who , by most measures , still leads the pack at 53 .  he says fate of houston puts success of madonna , a `` bad girl , '' in perspective .  lz : artists from lady gaga to beyonce are walking on ground madonna brok .
 president focuses on needs of latino students in town hall meeting <sec> education secretary : only about half of all latino students earn high school diploma on time .  only one in eight end up with a bachelor 's degree .  many hispanic students are n't proficient in englis .
 'grey 's anatomy , ' 'scandal ' ratings rise for finales <sec> `` grey 's anatomy '' delivered 11.1 million viewers and a 3.9 rating .  `` scandal '' ( 7.5 million , 2.4 ) was up too , and not just a little .  `` the mentalist '' ( 13 million , 2.5 ) was also up a tick for its latest red john-focused final .
 'blade runner ' pistorius misses qualifying mark for london 2012 <sec> south africa 's 'blade runner ' fails to set qualifying time for london olympics .  the 25-year-old falls short in 400 meters at african championships , finishing second .  he beat the qualifying time earlier this season but needed to do it twice to win a place .  pistorius still hopes to be selected for south africa 's 4x400m relay tea .
 small u.s. businesses thrive with ethiopian woman 's help <sec> alfa demmellash helps low-income entrepreneurs start or grow their businesses .  her nonprofit , rising tide capital , primarily serves single mothers .  demmellash , an ethiopia native , was inspired by her mother 's struggle .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open at cnn.com/heroe .
 braai brotherhood : how bbq brings south africans together <sec> south africa 's braai ( barbecue ) culture is one of the few things that unifies the country .  reality show `` the ultimate braai master '' -- african `` masterchef '' meets `` the amazing race '' -- is in its second season .  restaurant-style braais are popular in township .
 china debates the big issues at party congress <sec> china 's national people 's congress meets every year .  the congress is largely a rubber stamp parliament .  it nevertheless gives outsiders a rare glimpse into the direction of chinese policy .  the congress is set to authorize the appointment of xi jinping to lead the part .
 jaycee dugard files complaint against federal government <sec> new : abuse is due to `` the u.s. parole commission 's colossal blunders , '' a lawyer says .  federal authorities oversaw phillip garrido 's parole between 1988 and 1999 .  he and his wife abducted jaycee dugard in 1991 and held her 18 years .  dugard 's representative claims , in a release , that feds rejected two private mediation request .
 investigators probe gun , computer use of connecticut school shooter <sec> new : an ex-school official says lanza sometimes withdrew `` into his own little world '' .  authorities look at smashed computer parts from the gunman 's home , an official says .  lanza visited at least one gun range with his mother , an atf spokeswoman says .  funerals are held for two of the 26 school shooting victims , both of them 6-year-old .
 jordan : struggling for calm in a zone of chaos <sec> jordan is sandwiched between troubled countries including syria and iraq .  it is now home to more than 1.3 million refugees , half from the last 24 months .  its finance minister umayya toukan says international help is urgently neede .
 report : 25 found dead in boat carrying refugees off italy coast <sec> the deceased are all men , the ansa news agency says .  lampedusa is the closest italian island to africa .  it has become a destination for thousands of refugees seeking to enter eu countrie .
 don mclean : buddy holly , rest in peace <sec> don mclean : it 's bad idea for ntsb to re-examine 1959 crash that killed buddy holly , `` big bopper , '' ritchie valens .  he says it 's distasteful ; they should `` rest in peace '' .  he says looking at crash case again is only part of the `` american death trip '' that pervades our cultur .
 train derails , crashes into homes in nairobi slum <sec> new : at least five people are taken to a local hospital .  new : rescue efforts are under way to free trapped residents .  kibera is one of africa 's largest slums .  a railway passes through the neighborhoo .
 heat and smog double death rate in moscow <sec> the mortality rate has doubled in the russian capital , says moscow 's health chief .  hundreds of people have become sick and more than 50 have died due to wildfires .  the russian government is asking businesses to cut back on emissions .  the hot weather is n't expected to let up until after august 2 .
 judge orders casey kasem 's water , food , meds restored <sec> doctors stopped food , water , medicine infusions at daughter 's direction , wife 's lawyer says .  kasem `` wo n't be with us much longer , '' daughter 's rep says .  a court-appointed lawyer will visit the radio icon to assess his medical situation .  kasem suffers from lewy body dementia , which has no cure , court documents sa .
 lindsay lohan sentenced to 90 days in jail for violating probation <sec> new : lindsay lohan gets 90 days in jail for missing alcohol counseling sessions .  new : lohan sobs in court : `` i did do everything that i was told to do and did the best i could '' .  report said lohan used `` very creative excuses '' for missed session .
 'star wars ' : visit tatooine , before it 's swallowed by the sahara <sec> george lucas filmed parts of his `` star wars '' films in the tunisian sahara desert .  the film crew left the set for the alien town of mos espa intact .  the set is slowly being engulfed by a moving sand dune .  tourists need to move quickly if they want to see this piece of film histor .
 authorities catch man they say fired first in bourbon street shooting <sec> no other suspects have been named yet , a new orleans police officer says .  police , u.s . .  marshals arrest 20-year-old trung le on a murder charge .  police say he fired the first shot in last sunday 's shooting .  1 woman died , 9 were wounded in the incident on bourbon stree .
 trashing tar balls on the gulf : is there a better way than dumping it ? <sec> bp and landfill operator agree to keep waste in staging area .  several methods to reuse and recycle the waste were proposed .  recycling the waste can cost up to twice as much as disposing of it .  bp says it is still evaluating and testing recycling option .
 students protest education reform plans in italy <sec> new : scientists say their funding will be cut by the reforms .  the government 's plans will harm students ' futures , they say .  demonstrations a week ago turned violent .  heavy security blanketed rome for the demonstratio .
 social media on obama speech mirrors americans ' frustration <sec> cnn monitored tweets , facebook posts by americans , politicians during speech .  users divided over whether obama 's words will amount to action or remain just rhetoric .  some questioned talk of curbing spending while announcing new initiatives .  others wondered if obama spent too much time insinuating blame on past administratio .
 nadal battles back to topple roddick ; djokovic eases past berdych <sec> world number one rafael nadal beats american andy roddick at the atp world tour finals .  nadal clinches epic match 3-6 7-6 6-4 to win for the first time at london 's o2 arena .  novak djokovic beats tomas berdych in his opening match .  world number three from serbia wins 6-3 6-3 in just 88 minutes in londo .
 cristiano ronaldo rescues portugal with hat-trick in world cup qualifier <sec> portugal top of group f after coming from behind to beat northern ireland .  cristiano ronaldo nets treble to become his country 's second-highest scorer .  spain takes charge of group i as france drops points away to georgia .  miroslav klose equals germany 's scoring record ; netherlands drop first point .
 opinion : a toddler , a cupcake , and a mob of critics <sec> a video of a 3-year-old boy asking his mom for a cupcake went viral .  ruben navarrette : viewers chimed in to criticize the boy and his parents .  what happened to propriety ? .  people need to have manners and respect boundaries .  navarrette : onlookers should mind their own business and show more empath .
 democrats push dream act despite republican opposition <sec> children of illegal immigrants face deportation .  supporters of the measure urge giving them a chance to stay .  republicans complain the measure could increase illegal immigration .  the dream act offers a path to citizenship through the military or colleg .
 zimmerman pulled over in texas for speeding , given warning <sec> zimmerman is pulled over for a traffic violation , then given a warning .  the officer tells zimmerman , `` do n't play with your firearm '' .  zimmerman had a `` heavy foot ... nothing more , '' his brother tweets .  the zimmerman family continues to face `` many death threats , '' it say .
 the best in airport food and drink <sec> four u.s. airports won a total of six awards .  copenhagen 's airport took home three awards .  awards included best coffee shop , best wine bar and best food cour .
 poll : obama still very popular among african-americans , but 'thrill is gone ' <sec> cnn/opinion research corp . .  poll released tuesday .  poll : more than nine in 10 blacks approve of the job obama is doing .  black respondents saying they 're `` thrilled '' down 19 points from january .  approval rating more than twice as high among blacks than among white .
 is this the world 's first emo robot ? <sec> japan 's softbank releases new robot pepper in its stores .  robots are designed to read emotions and interact with humans .  pepper will be sold in japan in february 2015 .  pepper is designed to make people feel bette .
 syrian tv : israeli rockets target damascus suburb of jamraya <sec> new : the israel defense forces declined to comment on the report .  syrian tv reports israel has targeted the jamraya area .  al-assad makes another public appearance .  the united states `` is appalled '' by the report .
 high court hears 'hillary : the movie ! ' campaign finance case <sec> federal court ruled that movie broke campaign ad laws .  group behind film attacking clinton said it was a documentary .  can corporations be barred from giving to election campaigns ? .  supreme court expected to rule in a couple of month .
 irs hits vanessa williams with a big tax lien <sec> tax lien was filed at the new york county register office on august 13 , 2014 .  williams ' publicist did not immediately respond to requests for comment .  mother of four lives in new yor .
 costa rica launches fifa appeal after u.s. 's snow success <sec> costa rica appeal to fifa following 1-0 defeat to united states on friday .  costa rica claim the match should not have taken place due to heavy snowfall .  clint dempsey 's first-half goal gave the u.s. their first win of the qualifying campaign .  fifa confirm they have received letter from the costa rica federatio .
 new abuse claim hits suspended german priest <sec> germany 's cabinet discussing ways of tackling child abuse in catholic church .  new allegation leveled against priest previously convicted over child abuse .  reverend peter hullermann is accused of further abuse after resuming wor .
 how i was smuggled into europe -- why it was worth it <sec> moutassem yazbek describes harrowing 12-day journey from turkey to italy .  yazbek , a syrian refugee , paid a smuggler $ 6,500 to get him to italy in decembe .
 scores killed in pakistan bus collision <sec> a bus crash near karachi results in at least 59 deaths .  bus reportedly collided head-on with an oil tanker .  blaze killed most of the passengers on boar .
 official : no suspicious packages at washington mail facility <sec> the fbi has taken samples from the mail facility at joint base anacostia-bolling .  authorities now say there was no suspicious package or letter .  mail screening equipment initially indicated there was a hazardous substance , an official say .
 unbeaten frankel cruises to ascot success <sec> unbeaten frankel wins queen anne stakes in opening race of royal ascot meeting .  henry cenci 's colt wins for the 11th time in succession .  frankel starts the race as hot favorite at odds of 1-10 .  reasserts claims to be recognized as greatest racehorse of all tim .
 land that belonged to 'unabomber ' for sale <sec> property formerly owned by ted kaczynski is for sale in montana .  as the `` unabomber , '' he killed three people and wounded 23 .  1.4 acres are being sold for $ 69,50 .
 cnn student news - august 15 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 australian police make record meth seizure <sec> authorities seize more than half a ton of methamphetamine in sydney .  police arrest three men , including a singaporean and a hong kong citizen .  `` make no mistake , this is a hideous , insidious drug , '' a police official say .
 docs show murderers got special treatment from governor , wife <sec> documents reveal pardoned murderers got special treatment from miss . .  governor , wife , staff .  the documents indicate marsha barbour called a dealership about the purchase of two cars .  the cars were delivered to the pardoned convicts at the governor 's mansion .  one of the victims says he is outraged over the apparent preferential treatmen .
 opinion : how boko haram imperils nigeria 's future <sec> melinda gates : kidnapped girls in nigeria reflect long use of women misused in conflicts .  she says boko haram justifies actions as islamic ; this insult denounced by muslim leaders .  she says group thinks women are merely property ; these ideas affect nigeria 's prosperity .  gates : outcry over girls shows many know empowered women are key to a nation 's fortune .
 4-year-old h7n9 bird flu 'carrier ' worries china <sec> new : there have been 77 confirmed cases and 16 confirmed deaths .  boy was detected from a target group of poultry vendors in chaoyang district .  authorities say there is no evidence so far of human-to-human transmission .  beijing has begun monitoring susceptible groups more intensel .
 'terror ' school turns out to be moderate madrassa <sec> film portrays pakistan madrassa as linked to terror , holding u.s. boys captive .  it turns out the islamic school is moderate ; preferred by pakistani-americans .  `` this is a madrassa , not some jail , '' the school 's head says .  teen : `` i witnessed with my own eyes : no taliban , no taliban training , no terrorist .
 hk calls off protest talks , defends leung 's $ 6m payment <sec> claims hong kong 's leader received millions of dollars from australian company .  money was paid while c.y . .  leung was in office , yet he did n't declare it .  contract signed in december 2011 before leung was appointed chief executive .  leung 's office said it was a `` standard non-poach , non-compete arrangement .
 cnn student news transcript : may 27 , 2011 <sec> serbian authorities arrest an alleged war criminal from the bosnian war .  world leaders gather to discuss global issues at the g8 summit in france .  officials declare `` do n't fry day '' to raise awareness about exposure to sun .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 a divine call to ferguson <sec> the rev . .  renita lamkin has taken part in the protests in ferguson , missouri .  the mother of mixed-race children says she has experienced racism .  she has been accused of inciting violence , but she says she is simply prayin .
 typhoon haiyan leaves 1,774 dead , 'hideous ' destruction <sec> new : disaster management agency says 2,487 people have been injured .  1,774 people are confirmed dead from haiyan .  another 14 dead in vietnam and five in china , those governments say .  international relief heads for stricken islands , but roads a proble .
 malaysia airlines flight 370 : tears , screams as relatives wait <sec> beijing-bound malaysia airlines flight mh370 disappeared from radar screens early march 8 .  of the 227 passengers on board the missing plane , 153 are from mainland china .  malaysia airlines has established a support center for relatives at beijing 's lido hotel .  there people exchange information and watch news coverage on the missing plan .
 report : 6th suspect in nemtsov killing dies in suicide <sec> with police surrounding hiding place , sixth suspect kills himself , russian media say .  one of the men arrested reportedly served as an officer in a chechen police battalion .  four of the five suspects are ethnic chechens , law enforcement official tells medi .
 death of denver broncos wide receiver possibly a suicide <sec> kenny mckinley is found dead monday afternoon .  the denver broncos president says the team is shocked .  mckinley is at least the third member of the team to die since 200 .
 chris kelly , half of kris kross rap duo , dead at 34 <sec> new : autopsy shows no signs of trauma or foul play .  woman told police kelly had taken heroin and cocaine tuesday night .  he died wednesday at an atlanta hospital .  kris kross topped the charts with `` jump '' in 199 .
