 eight key features of ios 8 <sec> apple unveiled the newest version of its mobile operating system on monday .  new ios 8 features include health , which pulls fitness and wellness apps together .  siri will be able to identify songs using shazam .  ceo tim cook says apple has sold 800 million ios device .
 obama inauguration could take on subdued tone <sec> president bush raised a record $ 42.8 million dollars for his second inauguration .  barack obama has limited individual donations to $ 50,000 .  some say an extravagant celebration would be out of place , considering economy .  inauguration organizers say ticket scalping violates the spirit of the even .
 guantanamo prison not likely to close in january , officials say <sec> u.s. detention center wo n't close by obama deadline , senior officials say .  obama signed executive order to close facility on his third day in office .  legal complications blamed for delay ; closure should come soon , they say .  missed deadline could be political setback for obam .
 europe 's elections : protest parties will rise , but 'big soft ' center will rule <sec> the european elections begins thursday , and 400 million voters are eligible to vote across 28 eu member states .  the protest parties have been rising in popularity , but they are unlikely to have influence , as jim boulden writes .  they are more likely to push the middle parties together -- creating a more moderate centrist blo .
 obama marks end of combat in afghanistan - cnnpolitics.com <sec> obama says afghanistan better off after 13 years of war .  afghan war is coming to responsible end , obama says .  about 10,000 u.s. troops will remain in afghanistan next yea .
 florida republicans pushing for a bush-rubio ticket <sec> can liberals `` draft warren '' to run for democrats ' top senate spot ? .  ohio gov . .  john kasich may wait until the summer to make a final call about 2016 .  sen. ted cruz 's strategy is to try to `` rock the vote '' with young peopl .
 shark tour leader was warned of danger , diver says <sec> an austrian lawyer died after being attacked by a shark saturday .  he was part of a cageless shark tour led by jim abernethy 's company .  bahamas diving association president says he implored abernethy to stop the tours .  he says abernethy 's dives specifically targeted dangerous shark specie .
 is tiger woods really back this time ? <sec> tiger woods is favorite to win the u.s. open starting next week in san francisco .  former world no . .  1 tied jack nicklaus on 73 pga tour victories on sunday .  golf journalist says woods has run into form at just the right time .  woods says his practice at u.s. open 's olympic venue set him up for victor .
 neil diamond reveals story behind 'sweet caroline ' <sec> diamond told the story of `` sweet caroline '' .  royalties from the song were donated to boston bombing victims .  the singer has his first album in six year .
 how etsy built a family business <sec> heather von quilich opened an etsy store after she was laid off .  sunshine daydream offers customized embroidered hats , stockings and baby clothes .  her husband joined after he was laid off , making the business their sole source of income .  michael von quilich : `` we 're not ... going to buy a lear jet but we can support ourselves .
 injured phil mickelson pulls out of texas open <sec> phil mickelson withdraws from the texas open midway into his third round .  mickelson suffers a pulled muscle and hopes he 'll be fine for his next event .  the world no . .  5 's injury comes weeks before the masters at augusta .  world no . .  1 tiger woods is dealing with a back injury himsel .
 cops : georgia mom also searched web on car child deaths <sec> police say leanna harris was questioned about the death of her son .  she gave `` similar statements '' to ones her husband gave about looking on the internet .  investigators used a warrant to take computers into evidence .  justin ross harris is charged with murder , child cruelt .
 who is 'ruby heartbreaker ' ? <sec> berlusconi is accused of having sex with a dancer nicknamed `` ruby heartbreaker '' .  the dancer was 17 years old at the time of the alleged sexual encounter .  both have denied allegations of having sex .  berlusconi will stand trial in april , when he will face a three-judge pane .
 new tests throw doubt on india rape claim <sec> evidence was sent to a special dna fingerprinting facility in southern india for re-examination .  investigators highlighted several discrepancies in the post-mortem report .  five people arrested after two girls were found dead hanging from a tree .  authorities do not plan to charge the arrested men , who included two police officer .
 hong kong seizes nigerian container in biggest ivory bust this year <sec> hong kong customs seized more than 1100 ivory tusks , 13 rhino horns , five leopard pelts .  illegal haul , found in container shipped from nigeria , estimated at $ 5.3 million .  black market price for ivory is almost $ 3,000 per kilogram .  economic growth in asia , demand from china pushing appetite for ivor .
 morsy backs syrian calls for al-assad to face war crimes trial <sec> syrian people `` have the will to win , '' morsy tells cnn in an exclusive interview .  `` they will decide what they want to do to those who committed crimes against them , '' he says .  the egyptian president tells wolf blitzer he 's pushing for palestinian unit .
 opinion : are democrats more extreme than gop ? <sec> alex castellanos : while everyone focuses on gop 's right , the democrats are being ignored .  he argues that democrats as a party have moved much further , in this case , to the left .  democrats are celebrating the shift to a more liberal view of role of government , he says .  castellanos : elizabeth warren wing of party could make life difficult for hillary clinton in 201 .
 vatican : pope may change rules to allow replacement vote sooner <sec> existing rules say vote for replacement should begin 15 to 20 days after papal vacancy .  but vatican has said because benedict xvi is resigning , a vote might be held sooner than usual .  benedict 's resignation is set for february 2 .
 clinton 's foundation got millions from saudis , gates <sec> kingdom of saudi arabia gave between $ 10 million and $ 25 million .  bill gates , univision tv owner also gave millions .  kuwait and qatar governments are also on list .  clinton agreed to release list to help nomination of wife as secretary of stat .
 legendary broadcaster paul harvey dies <sec> the 90-year-old coined the phrase `` and now , the rest of the story . '' .  harvey was known for his deliberate delivery and pregnant pauses .  recovering from ailments , he had been hosting his radio shows part-time .  harvey 's broadcasts were heard on more than 1,200 radio station .
 rocket launcher tube found on lawn <sec> empty anti-tank weapon turns up in front of new jersey home .  device handed over to army ordnance disposal unit .  weapon not capable of being reloaded , experts sa .
 microsoft hopes daily deals make its cash register go 'bing ! ' <sec> microsoft introduces daily deals facility on its bing search engine .  ad : `` calling all bargain hunters , deal lovers , groupon groupies and living social fanatics '' .  bing deals arrived thursday on desktop pcs and smartphone .
 can a palm weevil cure world hunger ? <sec> two billion people eat insects in 162 countries around the world .  insects need less food , water and land to rear than beef and chicken .  social enterprise aspire is trying to increase insect consumption globally .  it thinks its ghana pilot program will revitalize the econom .
 at guantanamo , a costly confinement <sec> friday marks 100 days of hunger strikes at guantanamo bay .  it costs $ 900,000 per detainee to run the camp , and it 's `` falling apart '' .  `` this is kind of an ugly place sometimes , '' its chief medical officer say .
 attackers in pakistan hit another convoy carrying fuel for nato troops <sec> attack on convoys carrying fuel for nato troops was fourth in four days .  one person was killed in the attack monday , police said .  the pakistani taliban has claimed responsibility for two earlier convoy attacks .  pakistani taliban : `` u.s. and nato forces are killing innocent pakistanis .
 dad 's 911 call : i 've beaten up my son 's assailant <sec> a man in daytona beach , florida , said he caught someone sexually abusing his son .  he said he beat the assailant until he was `` nice and knocked out '' .  the dad then called 911 ; police arrest 18-year-old raymond frolander .  police chief says he does n't have an issue with how the father responde .
 ocean trash problem 'far from being solved , ' u.n. says <sec> new u.n. report says ocean trash is a `` tremendous '' problem .  much of the trash is plastic , which goes away very slowly , if ever .  scientists say plastic collects in large `` garbage patches '' in oceans .  one such garbage patch is said to be the size of texa .
 south koreans mourn teen hero who made first emergency call from ferry <sec> choi duk-ha , 17 , made first emergency call as south korean ferry sank .  while other students called their parents , choi 's decision to call 119 saved lives .  choi was one of 325 kids from his high school aboard ferry ; only 78 survived .  south korea 's prime minister has resigned over handling of ferry disaste .
 plastiki sets off on adventure <sec> the night before they set off plastiki skipper jo royle spoke to cnn .  royle says she 's feeling really positive about the voyage .  hardest part of leaving is leaving behind many who helped build the boa .
 parents of teen killed by tiger : 'it 's hard to believe ' <sec> new : police investigating whether someone helped tiger escape .  the parents of mauled carlos sousa : there will be `` no more christmas '' .  two surviving victims are in stable condition , doctor says .  sousa was killed just outside the tiger 's enclosure , police sa .
 coca-cola sets sight on myanmar <sec> coca-cola announced plans to do business in myanmar .  myanmar is only one of three countries in the world without coca-cola .  u.s. , european union and others are easing sanction .
 defense rests in abortion doctor 's murder trial <sec> dr. kermit gosnell 's attorney cross-examines witnesses but calls none of his own .  gosnell , 72 , is charged with murder in the deaths of four babies and a woman .  gosnell is accused of performing abortions past 24 weeks , in violation of state law .  closing arguments are set for monda .
 report : mystery barge will be google glass showroom <sec> san francisco barge structure confirmed as showcase for google glass , sources say .  cnn affiliate kpix reports structure will be high-end showrooms for glass eyewear .  three similar barges , including one in maine , have been spotted .  whatever is on the barge has been shrouded in myster .
 hunkered down ireporter : 'it 's a very scary situation ' <sec> ireporter : `` every time i look out my window i see a huge tree swaying '' .  an estimated 2 million people fled louisiana ahead of storm , but some stayed put .  new orleans ireporter says local officials were being alarmist to `` cover their butts '' .  resident in lafayette says they have emergency supplies , plus `` beer and wine .
 wounded man , physician among those who stepped up during shooting <sec> cnn heroes salutes several who jumped into action during saturday 's shooting in arizona .  six people killed , 14 injured , including u.s. rep. gabrielle giffords .  retired army officer , grazed in head with bullet , helped subdue suspec .
 japan bans beef shipment from fukushima <sec> health officials downplayed the danger last week .  officials find cows at a farm had been fed contaminated hay .  workers are still battling to stabilize the crippled fukushima daiichi nuclear plan .
 novak djokovic defeats roger federer at indian wells <sec> novak djokovic wins the indian wells title .  world no.2 defeated roger federer in three sets .  italy 's flavia pennetta wins women 's event .  pennetta defeated agnieszka radwanska 6-2 , 6- .
 officials : indonesia quake toll could soar <sec> new : aid agencies kick into gear to help those in need .  second quake hits ; thousands feared trapped by collapsed buildings .  death toll could climb into thousands .  bridges down , phone lines in disrepair , says world vision indonesi .
 source : jordanian double-agent killed 7 cia officers in suicide blast <sec> u.s. official : man had been used by u.s. , jordan for intelligence services .  source says man had given `` very detailed good information that was of high interest '' .  former official : bomber was met off-base by u.s. officials who failed to search him .  man killed seven cia officials and a jordanian military officer last week in afghanista .
 five things to watch at the olympics on thursday <sec> usain bolt goes for unprecedented double double .  americans 1-2 after first day of decathlon .  spain seeks another upset to win the women 's water polo gol .
 nz prepares to go ga-ga over blue-blooded baby <sec> the duke and duchess of cambridge and prince george arrive in new zealand april 7 .  it will be the first visit down under for the 8-month-old prince and his mother .  deborah telford says nz media has not embraced the feeding frenzy of uk tabloids .  she says while interest may be high it does n't necessarily mean the population is royalis .
 controversial barton handed 12-match ban for man city antics <sec> qpr midfielder joey barton is banned for 12 matches by english football association .  barton was sent off on the final day of the premier league season against manchester city .  the 29-year-old then kneed sergio aguero and appeared to headbutt vincent kompany .  barton 's ban means he wo n't be able to play for qpr again until novembe .
 china tries to stop spread of hiv/aids among prostitutes <sec> some people in china believe injections or a pill can prevent infection .  some 700,000 people have hiv in china ; about 50,000 new infections yearly .  about one in 200 sex workers nationwide currently has hiv .  as china 's economy has boomed , so has the sex industr .
 israel 's 'iron dome ' anti-rocket system in play during ongoing strife <sec> the iron dome system targets incoming rockets and fires missiles to intercept .  its success rate is over 90 % , officials say .  idf : since friday , the system has stopped 37 rockets fired out of gaza toward israeli cities .  but the u.s.-sponsored system is costing tens of millions of dollar .
 arkansas ag to investigate oil pipeline leak <sec> arkansas tells pipeline owner exxon mobil to preserve documents on the spill .  oil spilled into a mayflower , arkansas , subdivision from a gash in the pipeline last week .  families evacuated about two dozen homes as oil crawled through yards and down streets .  the pipeline carries canadian crude from illinois to texa .
 6 trends we saw at ces 2013 <sec> 20,000 new products were showcased at the consumer electronics show .  helpful technology for seniors and emergencies was big on the show floor .  many companies planned kickstarter funding campaigns for their products .  the massive show wrapped up friday in las vega .
 children 's host charged in british sex inquiry <sec> rolf harris faces 13 counts , some of which date to 1980 .  he hosted children 's and painting shows in australia and britain .  charges were part of investigation into another entertainer , jimmy savil .
 google book store is coming soon <sec> wall street journal reports google editions set to launch before end of 2010 .  google editions has significantly different sales model from most competitors .  project was supposed to launch even earlier in 2010 .  manager : we did n't want to come out with something that was n't thoroug .
 gay rights activists hold 'kiss day ' at chick-fil-a restaurants <sec> no leads in vandalism at torrance , california , restaurant .  lesbian couple would like to meet with chain 's president .  the latest campaign follows a wednesday event dubbed chick-fil-a appreciation day .  chick-fil-a president 's stance against same-sex marriage provoked campaign .
 anelka to leave china and join juventus ? <sec> reports claim nicolas anelka is due to join juventus from chinese club shanghai shenhua .  italian club 's sporting director says 33-year-old will sign five-month deal `` in next few days '' .  striker is one of most costly players in football history after several big-money moves .  italian league leaders juventus drop points in 1-1 draw at home to struggling geno .
 former nba star jayson williams gets five-year sentence in shooting <sec> judge gives williams maximum for aggravated assault in shooting death .  ex-net accidentally shot limo driver in 2002 , was accused of cover-up attempt .  former player offers tearful apology to victim 's family .  williams also faces a drunken driving charge from car accident last mont .
 airtran apologizes to muslim family removed from plane <sec> new : airline says it refunded family 's money , offered them free flight home .  new : family member says he is `` appreciative '' of `` generous gesture '' .  on flight , passenger overheard comment from muslim , reported it to attendant .  fbi interviewed family and cleared them of wrongdoin .
 'think like a man ' and the legacy of 'love jones ' <sec> after `` love jones ' `` 15th anniversary , `` think like a man '' earns $ 39 million .  the film 's earnings more than doubled its $ 12.5 million budget .  screenwriters say it 's hard to get financing for a black fil .
 u.s. works to expedite adoptions of haitian children <sec> u.s. authorizing `` humanitarian parole '' for eligible orphans , says department of homeland chief .  200 adoption cases are being accelerated in wake of last week 's quake .  twenty-four kids have departed haiti and joined new families , official says .  focus in haiti remains on getting children aid , reuniting them with their familie .
 ten-man chelsea stun barcelona to reach champions league final <sec> chelsea sub fernando torres seals 3-2 aggregate win over barcelona .  chelsea captain john terry sent off in the 37th minute .  barcelona take lead through sergio busquets and andres iniesta before ramires scores away goal .  lionel messi hits the bar with a penalty , and later has a shot pushed onto the pos .
 governor at memorial : slain officers 'best of who we can be ' <sec> memorial for four lakewood , washington , police officers held in tacoma .  nearly 20,000 people -- many of them police officers -- attend , kiro reports .  slain officers would say , `` i was doing my duty , '' mayor says .  officers fatally shot in coffee shop on november 2 .
 member of somalia 's new parliament gunned down in front of home <sec> parliamentarian mustafa haji maalim dies after being shot , the government says .  he was the father-in-law of a man who , until recently , was somalia 's president .  witnesses tell media that masked men shot maalim , then fled before security forces arrive .
 muslim brotherhood leader , 36 others sentenced to life in cairo <sec> mohammed badie sentenced to life in prison for inciting violence .  36 other surpporters of ousted egyptian president also face life behind bars .  badie , leader of the muslim brotherhood , was sentenced to death in apri .
 coroner says ariel castro 's death was definitely not an accident <sec> coroner who performed castro 's autopsy says castro killed himself .  she is dismissing a state report suggesting that castro 's deat may been an accident .  the cleveland kidnapper pleaded guilty in august and hanged himself last month .  castro 's body was found with an open bible and pictures of his famil .
 report : verizon offers nation 's fastest 4g service <sec> verizon performed at 4g speeds in 66 % of tests -- better than at & t , sprint , t-mobile .  4g speed means a download speed of at least three megabits per second .  rootmetrics compared 4g networks from the four major u.s. carriers in 27 citie .
 manny pacquiao rises for toughest fight <sec> boxing star manny pacquiao joins the fight against human trafficking .  he was shocked after hearing the stories of children trafficked for sex .  pacquiao also fought to make an anti-trafficking bill law .  he says he hopes people will remember him as a public servant , not just a boxe .
 madeleine mccann case : police hunt intruder who assaulted other girls <sec> officers probing 12 potentially linked crimes at resorts near where madeleine vanished .  man is suspected of breaking into vacation homes where british families were staying .  madeleine was 3 when she disappeared in a portuguese resort town in 2007 .  her disappearance prompted headlines worldwide .
 reagan foundation threatens legal action over blood vial sale <sec> the ronald reagan foundation calls the sale `` a craven act '' .  bidding for the vial nears $ 15,000 .  the blood was apparently taken after the 1981 attempt on reagan 's life .  the seller says his mother worked at a lab and kept the via .
 will congress kill an iran nuclear deal ? - cnnpolitics.com <sec> gop senator to bring up bill that would require obama to submit iran deal for approval .  new sanctions could embolden hard-liners in tehran .  white house likely to warn of possible march to war if agreement fail .
