 rejected by apple , iphone developers go underground <sec> some would-be iphone developers are turning instead to an unauthorized app store .  the new store , cydia , specializes in selling apps that apple would reject or ban .  to use cydia or the apps available through it , customers must jailbreak their phones .  cydia operator : too soon to tell whether store could earn developers stable income .
 protests erupt in wake of chokehold death <sec> demonstrators block a major road in chicago , stage a `` die-in '' in brooklyn .  `` i 'm out here because the system has failed us too many times , '' a protesters says .  demonstrators march in pittsburgh , boston , chicago , washington , d.c. and new york .  a jury opted not to indict a n.y. police officer who had put eric garner in a chokehol .
 at least 64 dead from india train crash <sec> new : the number of dead rises to 64 , a local official says .  new : the official says a swedish national is among the dead .  an explosion derails another train in india 's northeastern region .  local residents rush to help the victims themselves , television pictures sho .
 'most wanted ' drug trafficker arrested <sec> drug trafficker on u.s. state department most wanted list is arrested in spain .  spanish police say he was arrested outside luxury madrid hotel .  u.s. says he heads one of south america 's most violent drugs operations .  u.s. state department had offered a $ 5 million reward for his arrest .
 hong kong standoff continues on china 's national day <sec> hong kong leader : people should be satisfied they can vote on a leader .  protesters hit the streets , even amid national day ceremonies .  crowds could swell wednesday , china 's national holiday .  neither government leaders or protest leaders have shown any sign of budgin .
 mind your language or face arrest , police warn football fans <sec> fans using the word `` yid '' at sunday 's game between spurs and west ham face arrest .  some fans brand themselves the `` yid army , '' though the term can be offensive .  the football association had warned fans they face prosecution for uttering `` yid '' .  a west ham supporter was banned last season for his nazi salute at the same fixtur .
 wrestler 'umaga ' edward fatu dies of heart attack , friend says <sec> relatives include cousin dwayne `` the rock '' johnson and uncles the wild samoans .  wwe says it terminated his contract for violating wellness program , refusing to enter rehab .  fatu was looking forward to spending time with children after leaving wwe , friend say .
 jersey man wins powerball , promises to help others <sec> new : pedro quezada says the money is a `` gift from god '' .  new : it 'll change his life , but not his heart , says the dominican immigrant and deli owner .  new : quezada moved to the united states when he was 19 .  new : he has five children , ages 5-23 , and one granddaughte .
 torch relay in san francisco draws massive protest <sec> new : thousands march to the chinese consulate ahead of wednesday 's run .  torchbearer drops out , fearing protests , official says .  san francisco , california , is only u.s. venue on 23-city global tour .  demonstrators protest china 's tibet policy in cities along rout .
 troy davis ' sister keeps promise to continue fighting <sec> troy davis ' younger sister has taken up the battle to clear his name .  he was executed for the murder of police officer mark macphail .  kim davis lost her brother , sister and mother last year .  she says she prays for the macphail famil .
 police search missing indiana student 's apartment complex <sec> authorities becoming increasingly concerned about lauren spierer 's safety .  spierer , 20 , was last seen early friday walking away from friends ' apartment building .  officers looking for copies of security camera footage from her apartment complex .  police : `` we do n't have anybody that we can characterize as a suspect .
 new haven firefighters in discrimination case get promotions <sec> firefighters fought city after it threw out the results of a promotion exam .  test left too few minorities qualified for promotions , new haven lawyers said .  14 of 20 firefighters will get promote .
 two soldiers killed while disabling bomb in afghanistan <sec> new : five people , including 2 u.s. soldiers , killed by roadside bomb .  soldiers tried to disable bombs when one exploded , journalist says .  soldiers were part of a convoy accompanying governor of helmand provinc .
 feds to investigate claims of police discrimination <sec> investigation will look for evidence of such practices in suffolk county , new york .  seven teens were arrested in hispanic man 's slaying in november .  law center report found clear pattern of intolerance .  police commissioner says allegations are `` incorrect and inaccurate .
 avril lavigne gets 17-carat anniversary gift <sec> avril lavigne tweeted a photo of her 17-carat diamond ring .  she 's been married to nickelback 's chad kroeger for a year .  the present is bigger than lavigne 's engagement ring .  lavigne later removed her tweet without explanatio .
 'ghost ' goal lifts bayer leverkusen to top spot , roma still perfect <sec> leverkusen goes top in germany after a contentious goal against hoffenheim .  stefan kiessling 's header went in through the side netting but was given by referee .  roma improves to 8-0-0 in serie a after beating nearest rival napoli 2-0 .  miralem pjanic scored both goals against napoli , which had a man sent off in the second hal .
 mexican officials : mayor of guadalupe killed by gunmen <sec> mexican federal police confirmed the shooting death of jesus manuel lara rodriguez .  victim 's wife and child watched the slaying , says ciudad juarez mayor jose reyes ferriz .  `` he never asked for protection from the city , '' the juarez mayor says . .  `` this is a big loss .
 opinion : i was on death row , and i was innocent <sec> kirk bloodsworth : i was first in u.s. sentenced to death row to be exonerated by dna evidence .  witnesses , not physical evidence , tied him to rape , murder .  life in prison hell on earth . .  he found book on dna testing , lawyer pursued , he was freed .  bloodsworth : end capital punishment . .  i am proof that system is broken beyond repai .
 u.s. : iranian bombs rise in iraq <sec> u.s. military says january increase in bombs believed linked to iran .  devices are known as efps ( explosively formed penetrators ) .  gen. petraeus : efps increased by a factor of two or three over last 10 days .  bush administration , military say iran arming , training iraqi insurgent .
 pistorius family 'shaken ' by leak of crime scene photos <sec> olympian oscar pistorius is due in court tuesday .  family : `` the leaking of evidential material '' does not advance the legal process .  pistorius is charged in the killing of his girlfriend .  photos released last week purportedly show the bloodied bathroom where she die .
 nasa takes new images of dwarf planet ceres <sec> nasa 's dawn spacecraft delivers new images of the dwarf planet ceres .  dawn will enter the dwarf planet 's orbit in marc .
 opinion : books to read before you die <sec> amazon recently came out with its `` 100 books to read in a lifetime '' .  jay parini : i was more than a little shocked by the list , which crudely mixes categories .  if you 're going to die soon , he suggests reading `` walden '' by henry david thoreau .  parini : only about a third of the books on the amazon list are in any way must-read .
 opinion : do n't give the rich even more influence <sec> it 's been five years since the government bailed out banks during the economic crisis .  ben cohen , betty ahrens : today , wall street is still the biggest player in washington .  in upcoming mccutcheon v. fec , supreme court may give the rich even more power .  cohen , ahrens : we need democracy that represents the people , not super rich donor .
 lebron and on : james becomes youngest player to 20,000 nba points <sec> miami heat 's lebron james becomes the youngest player in nba history to reach 20,000 .  james reaches milestone with a haul of 25 points in clash with golden state warriors .  the 28-year-old was first to 1,000 and 10,000 points and is usa all time leading score .
 your next phone screen could be made of sapphire <sec> manufactured sapphire could be on screens for smartphones and tablets .  mit says the screens would be three times stronger than current displays .  currently , a sapphire screen costs $ 30 to make , while gorilla glass costs $ 3 .  gorilla glass maker corning says its product is moldable and getting stronge .
 ex-merrill lynch executives subpoenaed over bonuses <sec> source : n.y. attorney general andrew cuomo subpoenas seven former executives .  more than $ 3.6 billion in bonuses paid before takeover by bank of america .  bank ceo kenneth lewis testified last week , did not provide details .  bank of america , which bought merrill lynch , received federal bailout mone .
 why should n't a president be a good politician ? <sec> julian zelizer : mitt romney stresses that his career outside washington is a plus .  in 2008 , barack obama ran as an outsider who was capable of fixing washington .  zelizer : the reality is a president has to be able to operate inside the political system .  a long political resume should be seen as a plus , not a negative , zelizer say .
 insurgents launch brazen attack on iraqi government building <sec> new : a government official is shot dead in baghdad .  at least 12 people are killed , including four attackers .  the militants shot randomly at security forces , officials say .  the assault began with twin blast .
 internet in china , twenty years later <sec> april 20 , 2014 marked the 20th anniversary of the chinese internet .  internet penetration will change the way people find a spouse , buy real estate , invest savings .  a thriving it industry with distinct chinese characteristics continues to boo .
 partisans are fired up on both sides <sec> david gergen : two debates in two weeks have transformed presidential race .  gergen says the polls have tightened , partisans on both sides are fired up .  cnn poll gave a slight edge to paul ryan ; gergen says he had edge on style .  gergen : tuesday 's town hall debate looks increasingly importan .
 oil-rich angola bids to secure future with $ 5bn wealth fund <sec> angola launches $ 5bn sovereign wealth fund to decrease future reliance on oil revenues .  angola is africa 's second largest exporter of oil -- more than ninety percent of the country 's revenue comes from oil production .  the country ranks poorly on measures of corruption and little of the oil revenue has been spent on improving public services .  in an exclusive interview , president 's son tells cnn that fund will be transparent and independently audite .
 5 takeaways from edward snowden 's washington post interview <sec> edward snowden gives an interview in person to the washington post .  his mission is `` already accomplished , '' he says .  he describes his daily life as that of an `` indoor cat '' .  snowden says he raised concerns about surveillance to his colleagues and superior .
 iran 's president rejects obama accusations about nuclear efforts <sec> new : ahmadinejad says he did n't expect obama to make such `` baseless '' remarks .  iranian president says nation has complied with iaea regulations .  iran tells iaea it has a second nuclear enrichment plant .  iran told iaea there is no nuclear material at the site , iaea spokesman sai .
 whose tech is better : 'star trek ' or 'star wars ' ? <sec> `` star trek into darkness '' opens thursday , and george lucas ' birthday was tuesday .  eternal debate between `` star trek '' and `` star wars '' fans often involves future technologies .  which side speaks most to you ? .  click through the gallery and comment belo .
 michelle obama , hillary clinton team up to honor women <sec> first lady , secretary of state honor champions of women 's rights .  event celebrates state department women of courage awards .  clinton : rights of women will `` always be central to our foreign policy '' .  obama : `` as women we must stand up for justice for all .
 jewels of a royal love affair go up for auction <sec> the pieces belonged to britain 's king edward viii and wallis simpson .  edward abdicated the throne in 1936 in order to marry simpson .  the jewels are of gold , diamonds , and gemstones .  some of the items are estimated at more than $ 1.5 millio .
 britain announces troop reduction in afghanistan <sec> prime minister david cameron said the troop level will drop to 9,000 .  the announcement comes as canada ends its combat role .  the united states is planning on a troop drawdow .
 official : great white shark behind massachusetts attack <sec> official says a great white shark bit a man off the coast of truro .  the victim was released from the hospital with 47 stitches and a cast .  the son escaped the incident with no injurie .
 apparently this matters : teatime for hitler <sec> the hitler-like teapot on a jcpenney billboard caught the attention of motorists .  jcpenney says any similarities to hitler were unintentional .  culver city mayor was offended by the ad placement in his cit .
 magazine defends photos of pregnant , bikini-clad duchess of cambridge <sec> editor of the italian magazine chi defends its use of photos of the duchess of cambridge .  the photos show her in `` a small bikini that enhances her now visible ( baby ) bump , '' chi says .  a disappointed st. james 's palace says the pictures violate her privacy .  chi was among the publications to run photos of catherine sunbathing topless last yea .
 opinion : citizenship is n't about passing a civics test <sec> peter levine : would-be citizens must pass u.s. naturalization test , like a high school test .  levine : committing to community is more important than knowing facts about civics .  new proposal for citizenship will award those who perform community service , he says .  levine : becoming a citizen should be tailored to different circumstances of applican .
 violence breaks out in belfast after protestant march <sec> new : more than 20 officers hurt , two people arrested after an orange order parade in belfast .  new : `` i am angry we have this annual madness , '' says police chief in belfast .  pro-irish and pro-british groups hurled objects as they staged rival demonstrations , police say .  british loyalists and police clash in a protestant district beside catholic ardoyn .
 fitness guru jack lalanne dies at 96 <sec> fitness guru jack lalanne died at his home in california .  lalanne died due to complications from pneumonia .  lalanne 's workout program was on the air in the u.s. for three decades .  larry king : `` he would go on forever ... a true guru .
 emanuel rego : the 'real bones ' of beach volleyball <sec> emanuel rego and alison cerutti are one of brazil 's top beach volleyball teams .  nicknamed `` bones and mammoth , '' they won silver at london 2012 olympics .  the 40-year-old rego has played at all five of the sport 's olympic appearances .  he wants to add to his full collection of medals on home soil at rio in 201 .
 julian assange : wikileaks to release 1 million new documents <sec> wikileaks is preparing to release more than a million documents , he says .  assange says ecuador 's embassy has become his office and refuge .  `` my work will not be cowed , '' assange says , speaking from the embassy 's balcon .
 gunmen attack yemen 's main airport <sec> officials : mohammed saleh al-ahmar threatens to bring down aircraft if his demands are n't met .  he is one of several relatives of former president ali abdullah saleh to be sacked .  the military shakeup is part of promised reforms by the new president .  saleh was forced to step down in februar .
 plane in hudson tells story of what went right , ntsb says <sec> new : agencies hope to learn from plane in hudson , spokeswoman says .  new : currents , cold temperatures hamper efforts to retrieve engines , flight data .  first responders receive certificates of appreciation from mayor .  mayor says he 'll give key to the city to pilot and cre .
 what 's more disturbing than ebola ? the commentary <sec> public officials , politician , celebs make provocative remarks about ebola .  `` this ebola epidemic is a form of population control , '' chris brown says .  ebola `` could solve america 's problems with atheism , homosexuality , '' radio host says .  sending u.s. troops to fight ebola is plot `` to infect the nation with ebola , '' another say .
 does ukraine ceasefire have any chance of holding ? <sec> shelling in eastern ukraine raises fears that a ceasefire may fall apart .  reza sayah : it 's been nearly impossible to say who 's doing firing and why .  it 's unclear who has control over fighting forces on either side in east ukraine .  there are elements on both sides that do n't want a compromis .
 from bean to bar : why chocolate will never taste the same again <sec> cnn 's freedom project returned to africa 's cocoa plantations to look for progress in fight against child labor .  ivory coast produces more than one third of all the world 's cocoa , but many farmers live in poverty .  the cocoa industry supports about 3.5 million people in the west african nation .  growers ' position at the bottom of the cocoa value chain means they see just a tiny proportion of the cost of a chocolate ba .
 former u.s. rep. jim oberstar of minnesota dies at 79 <sec> jim oberstar represented minnesota 's 8th congressional district for over a quarter century .  oberstar was elected in 1974 as a member of the democratic-farmer-labor party .  president obama : `` jim cared deeply about the people of minnesota '' .  president clinton : `` jim was a good friend , a true and tireless public servant .
 oberlin college cancels classes to address racial incidents <sec> a reported ku klux klan sighting at oberlin college prompts cancellation of classes .  report is the latest in a spate of racial incidents at the ohio college in the last month .  students , staff and faculty rally for understanding monda .
 helsinki : world design capital 2012 <sec> the finnish capital is the world design capital 2012 .  city benefiting from forward-thinking planning , regenerating land and promoting contemporary architecture .  design highlights include the kamppi chapel of silence and musiikkitalo , a new concert venu .
 behind the veil : a rare look at life in north korea <sec> olaf schuelker took candid photos of normal life in north korea .  guards or guides were always close by during the trip .  schuelke : north koreans seem no different from other peopl .
 janet jackson opens up about michael 's death on 'oprah ' <sec> janet jackson opens up about her new movie and life after her brother 's death .  jackson said her role in tyler perry 's `` why did i get married too ? '' .  was very therapeutic .  jackson said she thinks about michael 's death every day .  she added that the family knew he had a problem , and tried to interven .
 cuba vows to keep its political system despite pope 's comments <sec> `` in cuba , there will not be political reform , '' says a top cuban official .  pope benedict said friday that cuba 's political system `` no longer responds to reality '' .  cuba 's foreign minister responded , saying his country respects all opinions .  speculation abounds over whether the pope will meet with fidel castro and hugo chave .
 new jury to decide jodi arias ' fate after penalty phase mistrial <sec> new : legal analysts debate whether prosecutors will offer jodi arias a deal .  a source says jurors voted 8-4 in favor of sentencing arias to death .  the victim 's sister sobs and the judge 's voice cracks after jurors reveal their verdict .  one juror apologizes to victim travis alexander 's famil .
 four arrested in death of sean taylor <sec> new : police say they have more than one confession in the case .  new : investigation reveals the men thought the house was empty , police say .  washington redskins safety sean taylor died tuesday .  taylor shot during an apparent burglary at his miami hom .
 thousands protest in egypt <sec> new : tear gas fired at protesters in cairo .  protest organizers said they hope to capture on tunisia 's regional momentum for change .  organizers chose january 25 -- police day and a national holiday -- to hold protests .  international human rights groups ask security forces not to crack down on protester .
 growing desperation grips haitian capital in quake 's aftermath <sec> bodies pile up in streets ; residents wander , apparently aimlessly , in rubble .  many haitians sleeping outdoors for fear more tremors will collapse buildings .  but reopening of airport , arrival of aid bring glimmer of hope .  airport runway and electricity are ok , officials say ; terminal being checked for damag .
 opinion : hollywood hypocrites find a new cause via a brunei sultan <sec> se cupp : celebrities boycotting beverly hills hotel owned by brunei sultan 's investment group .  cupp : brunei now has sharia law , but celebs happy to make repressive uae a destination .  uae punishes homosexuality , adultery can bring death -- yet hollywood makes movies there .  cupp : if celebs want to oppose repression , shun uae , not local hotel employing u.s. worker .
 'sweatbox ' borrows from long tradition that 's difficult to emulate <sec> sweat lodges are used in prayer and purification rituals across globe .  deaths raise concerns over non-natives trying to adapt traditional ceremonies .  typical native american sweat lodge used in ritual of prayer and purification .  firekeeper heats stones , places them in hole in lodge , pours water over the .
 husband arrested in fatal new jersey ramadan shooting <sec> police say man wounded in his wife 's shooting death was behind the attack .  the couple was walking with their 3-year-old son at the time of the shooting .  the man and a boston woman have been charged with murder and conspirac .
 petit murder suspect had long , troubled history of drugs , crime <sec> joshua komisarjevsky was convicted in 2002 on 12 counts of burglary .  five years later , after being released on parole , he was accused of murder .  prosecutors say he killed a connecticut woman and set a fire that killed her daughter .
