 first cholera case strikes fear in dominican republic <sec> new : usaid and the cdc are offering help , a u.s. spokesman says .  new : a cholera outbreak could damage the nation 's tourism industry .  the patient is a haitian man who works in the dominican republic .  people are worried and `` everybody 's talking about it , '' a dominican man say .
 sevens heaven : rugby for cowboys , ancient greeks , men dressed as nuns <sec> rugby sevens attracts a variety of colorful fans , many of whom attend games in fancy dress .  the sport will be part of the 2016 olympic games in rio de janeiro .  many sevens tournaments take place outside of rugby 's traditional heartlands .  rugby legends say the shortened version is coming into its own righ .
 carmakers targeting burgeoning chinese middle class <sec> china car sales increasing 11 % in august year on year , according to the state-backed manufacturers association .  china 's car market will almost match the combined size of the u.s. and western european market by 2019 .  u.s. auto giants ford and general motors have reported record sales increases in china for the month of augus .
 biden : u.s. to appeal dismissal of blackwater charges <sec> five blackwater security guards accused of killing 17 people in baghdad in 2007 .  company says contractors came under attack , iraqis call gunfire unprovoked .  judge found case was built largely on `` statements compelled under a threat of job loss '' .  joe biden said he is '' disappointed '' with the ruling , justice department will appea .
 fake cubans hoping for fast track to citizenship now under scrutiny <sec> a task force finds that some immigrants are claiming to be cuban .  forged birth certificates are used to gain privileges offered to cubans in the united states .  one man got a driver 's license and social security number within day .
 essence magazine defends choice of white fashion director <sec> the editor calls elliana placas `` an excellent addition to our team '' .  her hiring sparked controversy when a former magazine employee posted on facebook that the hiring `` hurts '' .  critics cite the lack of black women in fashion as part of their concerns .  the editor says she remains committed to celebrating african-american wome .
 obama speech : anti-government era is over <sec> van jones : reagan promoted simplistic idea that government and liberty are at odds .  reagan et al . .  tried to turn love of country into hate for government , he says .  jones : obama offers `` liberty and justice for all '' patriotism .  jones : obama 's address also shows he is standing on the right side of histor .
 why china is getting involved in africa 's health issues <sec> 4th international roundtable on china-africa health cooperation held in botswana .  china and african countries have a lot of common history , health and economic challenges .  long history of china and africa collaborating on health initiatives .  africa could benefit from low-cost , high-quality , chinese-made health products . .  writes dr. lucy che .
 u.s. tourist dies while on south american cruise <sec> the elderly woman suffered from diabetes and hypertension , ship 's doctors say .  previously , 86 passengers had fallen ill on the ship , agencia brasil say .
 large ice shelf expected to break from antarctica <sec> a large antarctic ice shelf is cracking and may break away .  scientists are investigating whether or not climate change is to blame .  satellite photos show cracks in the wilkins ice shelf .  the ice sheet formed over thousands of years by accumulated sno .
 commentary : why 'cash for clunkers ' works <sec> jack hidary : cash for clunkers program boosting economy and auto industry .  he says getting clunkers off the road will help decrease dependence on foreign oil .  he says switching to a more efficient car can improve safety and save cash .  hidary : cash for clunkers is saving jobs up and down the auto supply chai .
 study : honor killings condoned by third of teens in amman , jordan <sec> researchers look at attitudes about `` honor '' murders among teenagers in amman , jordan .  a third of more than 850 teenagers surveyed believe honor killings are justifiable .  study : support is `` anchored in a broader system of beliefs about patriarchal authority '' .  teenage boys with low education backgrounds are more likely to condone honor killing .
 russia to eavesdrop on u.s. from cuba , paper reports <sec> lourdes signals intelligence facility in cuba to reopen , russian paper says .  vladimir putin met last week with president raul castro .  intelligence facility closed in 2001 , has become overgrown and full of goat .
 indian court finds chemical execs guilty in bhopal disaster <sec> new : union carbide and its officials `` not subject to the jurisdiction of the indian court '' .  top chemical company executives guilty of causing death by negligence .  nearly 4,000 people died in the immediate aftermath of the 1984 gas leak .  hundreds of thousands of survivors report adverse health effects .  union carbide paid settlement of $ 470 million to india in 198 .
 intense pollution fouls hong kong air <sec> air pollution reaches near-record levels , hong kong government says .  officials : sandstorm in mainland china causing the pollutio .
 teen refugee : prince charming is dead <sec> cayanne wrote about the war is aleppo , syria , that forced her family to flee .  `` i discovered how cruel life can be , and how in one second a smile can turn into a tear , peace into war '' .  `` i went from looking at colorful flowers and singing birds every morning , to dark killer weapons '' .  she says hate and fear have replaced her childhood dreams , but she still has some hop .
 first on cnn : white house signs off on new aid for syrian rebels <sec> move signals that the united states is wading further into the civil war .  package approved by national security council , details expected to be revealed next week .  aid expected to include equipment such as body armor , night vision goggles .  obama administration under pressure to boost direct aid to rebel .
 serena williams hits her own face in australian open victory <sec> third seed serena williams wins despite hitting herself in the face with her racket .  defending champion victoria azarenka also into australian open third round .  world no . .  2 roger federer and third seed andy murray ease to wins .  rafael nadal to make his return to action at tournament in chile next mont .
 brazen raven is birdie no golfer wants <sec> a large raven is stealing golf balls from the course at a club in northern ireland .  one woman had two balls taken in her round , costing her a competition prize .  a man in denver , colorado , caught a fox stealing golf balls from his putting green .  at one club in uganda you are permitted a free drop if your ball lands in a hippo 's footprint .
 all 18 survive helicopter crash off scotland <sec> royal air force says civilian helicopter carrying 18 people ditches in north sea .  raf officer says all rescued alive , no immediate details of any injuries .  rescue aircraft on the scene , more in the area off scotlan .
 technology and teachers change inner-city school <sec> the white house will unveil grants for teaching breakthroughs involving technology .  80 % to 90 % of techboston 's students are first generation college applicants .  president barack obama and education secretary arne duncan will be at the school .  an average of 95 % of the students at techboston are accepted into colleg .
 prison hosts first-ever father-daughter dance <sec> a miami federal prison holds its first-ever daddy-daughter dance .  offenders and their daughters dressed up for the event .  officials hope the dance will help inspire inmates to do better upon releas .
 10 gyms with the most amazing views <sec> langkawi 's ancient rainforest in malaysia is part of the andaman hotel gym 's view .  the chobe safari lodge in uganda overlooks the banks of the nile river .  canada 's wickaninnish inn provides workouts with rugged oceanfront view .
 uk police dna bank a 'human rights violation ' <sec> uk police practice of keeping dna records of suspects is `` human rights violation '' .  the european court of human rights says it is `` indiscriminate '' .  two britons took action after police retained samples despite dismissal of case .
 bolivia congress sets date for general elections <sec> december 6 set as date for country 's general elections .  president evo morales is expected to win another five-year term .  morales began a hunger strike to force the congress to approve the election law .  the congress also approves a new electoral censu .
 why g20 must prioritize a fair go for growth <sec> g20 leaders are meeting in brisbane to agree ways to boost global growth .  c20 chief tim costello says wealth gap is rising and becoming `` increasingly obscene '' .  equity needs to be embedded in country growth plans , he says .  incomes of the bottom 20 % of households should be measure .
 opinion : our 'outrageous dream ' : bringing diversity to science <sec> freeman hrabowski , longtime college president , started with an `` outrageous dream '' .  inspired by memories of martin luther king , he sought to teach people of all backgrounds .  university of maryland , baltimore county has been recognized for training minority scientist .
 pot smokers enter legal limbo in washington , colorado <sec> new : seattle police are ordered to only issue verbal warnings for violations of the law .  growing , selling marijuana will still be prosecuted as a felony , king county prosecutor says .  until state takes over , the black market will thrive as it meets consumer demands , he says .  a federal challenge of state pot legalization could take years to resolve , he say .
 two pussy riot members flee russia to 'recruit foreign feminists ' <sec> the pair fled `` because of the danger , '' female punk rock band said on twitter .  russia was searching for two members who took part in a controversial performance .  12 to 14 other members of the band are still in the country , jailed performer 's husband say .
 4 found with meningitis on cruise ship <sec> four crew members were diagnosed with meningitis on the msc orchestra .  doctors distributed antibiotics to passengers and crew as a precaution .  cruise line msc says it 's doing `` everything necessary '' to protect the .
 syrian opposition chief , russian minister meet , state news agency reports <sec> the talks take place on the sidelines of a security conference in germany .  russia is a longtime ally of syria ; it does not recognize the opposition .  the opposition leader also meets with u.s. vice president joe bide .
 wildlife officials kill bear that bit teen <sec> black bear enters a tent and bites a teenage boy in the leg .  the boy fights off the bear , a colorado parks spokesman says .  wildlife officials kill the bear due to its apparent aggressiveness .  tracking dogs are used to help find the bea .
 kansas tornado kills 1 , destroys 20 homes <sec> a tornado killed 1 person and destroys 20 homes in reading , kansas .  the state 's governor has issued a disaster declaration .  the national weather service classified the storm as an ef-1 tornad .
 corruption survey : somalia is the worst <sec> least corrupt nations : denmark , new zealand and singapore .  corruption perception index published annually by transparency international .  united states ranks no . .  22 on the list of 178 nations ; economic rival china at no . .  78 .  joining somalia at bottom of list : afghanistan , myanmar and ira .
 commentary : who says public schools need more money ? <sec> chavis : `` all the money in the world '' is n't enough to help poorly run schools .  author : i turned `` worst middle school in oakland '' into a top-scoring school .  d.c. , detroit , l.a. produce poor results at extraordinary taxpayer cost , chavis says .  obama is right to require accountability in return for reform money , chavis say .
 world bank : 75 % of poor do n't have bank accounts <sec> 75 % of the world 's poor do not have a bank account , a world bank report says . .  among the reasons are a lack of money and required documentation to open one and travel distance . .  financial services could boost economic growth and opportunity for the world 's poor , says zoellick .
 commentary : do n't use sats to rank college quality <sec> david hawkins : admission tests are wrongly used to rank college quality .  hawkins says baylor university 's incentives for test scores are a mistake .  grades are much more important than test scores in admissions decisions , he says .  hawkins : u.s. news should drop sat and act scores in ranking .
 israel to palestinians : we 'll stop shooting if you do <sec> new : the arab league plans to ask for a no-fly zone over gaza .  prime minister netanyahu says a teen hit in a bus attack is fighting for his life .  netanyahu warns that israel will strike back hard if attacks continue .  at least 18 palestinians have died in israeli strikes since the hamas attack on the bu .
 richard iii : is this the face that launched 1,000 myths ? <sec> richard iii society commissioned a three-dimensional facial reconstruction of king richard iii .  model based on remains found in leicester and established as king 's through dna testing .  society says reconstruction shows the human aspect of the `` real richard iii '' .  reconstruction to be `` pride of place '' at planned visitors center in leicester , central englan .
 french protests target president 's anti-crime proposals <sec> protesters say measures are discriminatory and will not stop crime .  sarkozy says more immigration regulation is needed .  one proposal revokes french citizenship of foreign-born people who attack police .  the protests come after hundreds of roma were expelled from franc .
 european beagle 2 lander spotted on mars surface <sec> a missing uk lander is spotted on the surface of mars .  the beagle 2 never radioed earth after descending to the martian surface in 200 .
 battling my way to a pulitzer prize novel <sec> junot diaz almost quit writing years before he won a pulitzer prize .  he had 75 good pages but could n't write anything else he liked .  after putting away hundreds of filled pages , he tried to think of other professions .  says a writer is someone who ca n't stop writing -- even though no hope , no promis .
 report slams child labor in tobacco fields <sec> human rights watch releases report on child labor in tobacco fields .  the workers are too young to smoke , but they work in the fields .  many suffer the negative effects of nicotine exposur .
 rescue continues into the night after haiti school collapses <sec> new : at least 50 students killed , 100 injured ; toll is expected to rise .  red cross official says dozens of students appear to be trapped in haiti school .  rescue workers digging through rubble near port-au-prince , official says .  school could have as many as 700 people in it , rescue official say .
 turks , americans are amsterdam crash dead <sec> new : two boeing employees -- among four on flight -- were killed , company says .  new : their identities have not been released .  63 people remained in the hospital , six in critical condition , mayor says .  plane crashed near amsterdam 's main airport , splitting into three part .
 head of anglican church to step down <sec> new : williams was `` a remarkable and gifted leader , '' says archbishop of york .  new : church of england needs a new leader with a clear voice , head of a christian group says .  the archbishop of canterbury heads the 85 million-strong worldwide anglican communion .  williams will take up a position at magdalene college at cambridge university next yea .
 will last minute strength be enough for dems ? <sec> candidates in louisiana and georgia must win 50 % to win a runoff .  democrats in those states are ahead in some polls but have n't cleared 50 .
 honduras president challenges government over referendum <sec> new : president jose manuel zelaya rosales : `` referendum will not be stopped '' .  new : zelaya leads protest , takes ballots for controversial referendum .  honduran supreme court orders top commander back on job .  heads of honduran army , navy and air force resign in show of support for genera .
 more than a game : austerity gives el clasico new twist <sec> barcelona face real madrid on sunday in `` el clasico '' .  spain is engulfed by serious financial crisis .  many in catalonia are calling for the semi-autonomous region to become independent .  anti-austerity measures have led to protests and violent clashes in madri .
 commonwealth games chief : more needs to be done in india <sec> mike fennell says a lot of work still needs to be done at the games .  indian organizers are responding to the needs , he says .  now is not the time for finger-pointing , fennell say .
 'hunger games ' star jennifer lawrence 's favorite books <sec> `` i 'm so drawn to salinger 's view of society back then , and to his sarcasm , '' says lawrence .  `` hunger games '' costar donald sutherland introduced lawrence to `` anna karenina '' .  lawrence finds author hunter s. thompson who penned `` the rum diary '' hilariou .
 alex ferguson retires as manchester united manager <sec> new : shares of manchester united drop nearly 5 % in early trading following the news .  ferguson is retiring after the last game of the season on may 19 , after 26 years in charge .  the decision to retire was not taken lightly , but this `` is the right time , '' ferguson says .  new : everton manager david moyes is the odds-on favorite to succeed ferguso .
 a laugh a minute ? life with billy connolly <sec> pamela stephenson talks about marriage to scottish comedian billy connelly .  they met on the set of british comedy show `` not the nine o'clock news '' .  she says writing his biography , `` billy , '' helped her understand him better .  stephenson : `` it 's like he 's got these comedy angels whispering in his ear .
 yemen : no . 2 al qaeda leader in arabian peninsula killed <sec> al qaeda 's no . .  2 leader in arabia was abu sufyan al-azdi , also named saeed al-shahri .  yemen confirms he was killed in a november counter-terrorism operation .  a jihadist had tweeted the death earlier this week , site intelligence group says .  al-azdi was buried by militants at an undisclosed place in yemen , officials sa .
 5 reasons why michelle obama nailed it in china <sec> how the u.s. first lady won over china .  week-long tour promoting educational exchange between countries .  trip included 'first granny ' and daughters sasha and malia .  charmed citizens with warm and open manne .
 why african nations must unite to fight climate change <sec> carlos lopes : world 's poorest will be hit the hardest by climate change .  he argues climate change threatens africa 's recent socio-economic gains .  lopes says continent needs to take a more proactive climate approach .  big carbon emitters like china and india seem to have lost interest in kyoto proces .
 opinion : 'aporkalypse ' now ? <sec> jana waller : many southern states are facing a problem of `` hogzilla ' '' proportions .  waller : estimate says two to 8 million feral hogs are wreaking havoc in 39 states .  she says the hogs cause costly damages to property , agriculture and water supply .  waller : i fully support any legal method of lowering the population of feral hog .
 fema food kits may contain tainted peanut butter <sec> food kits distributed in kentucky , arkansas after severe weather there .  peanut butter in the kits may contain salmonella , fema says new : state finding alternative sources of food for people in shelters .  people who have the kits should throw the peanut butter packets away , fema say .
 feds warn states : road construction money running out <sec> states being notified that the federal government will limit road construction financing .  it means potholes wo n't get filled and bridge repairs wo n't get done .  road construction financed by federal trust fund that may become insolvent soon .  president obama making another pitch to congress to invest robustly in transportatio .
 justin timberlake : i 'm not cool <sec> justin timberlake is one of gq magazine 's men of the year .  in the cover story , he talks about harsh criticism of his recent movie and album .  he says that he 's not cool , but passionate .  that passion has helped him to take risk .
 sudan soldier : 'they told me to kill , to rape children ' <sec> former soldier says he was armed with a kalashnikov and told to kill .  `` adam '' describes taking part in rape attacks on children in darfur .  victims included girls as young as 12 , he say .
 hannity-ellison dust-up shows our broken politics <sec> howard kurtz : sean hannity-keith ellison dust-up made for good tv .  he says fox host was just doing interview , and ellison picked fight on spending cuts .  he says escalation , name-calling a sad reflection of coarsened political discourse .  kurtz : each man may have stood his ground on principle , but viewers lost ou .
 medvedev said he cedes presidency bid to putin because he is more popular <sec> medvedev says putin has a better chance of being elected .  he says he and putin belong to `` the same political force '' .  putin has suggested medvedev take over as prime ministe .
 georgia executes man despite disability claim <sec> the u.s. supreme court declines to step in and grant a stay .  state board votes to deny clemency hours before scheduled execution .  warren hill was convicted of murdering a girlfriend and a fellow inmat .
