 5 things to watch for at the world cup on wednesday <sec> the sport 's most controversial player is in trouble again .  iran hopes to get through to the knockout stage for the first time ever .  costa rica proves to be the mouse that roared .  usa and germany are trash talking on twitter ahead of thursday 's matc .
 juarez mayor : drug violence rooted in mexico 's social ills <sec> jose reyes ferriz , mayor of juarez , says police action can only go so far .  president calderon expected to visit juarez thursday for major announcement .  drug violence has killed close to 1,000 people in mexico in 2010 .  reyes , experts say children from broken homes make easy recruits for drug cartel .
 opinion : better health not about obamacare , it 's about you <sec> sanjay gupta : moral hazard causes some to neglect health when they get health insurance .  he says obamacare alone wo n't guarantee good health ; personal habits must do that .  he says research shows 30 minutes of daily exercise cuts heart attack , stroke risk by a third .  gupta : it 's time to stop playing defense on your health ; instead , start optimizing it yoursel .
 report criticizes iraq 's executions ; official defends justice policy <sec> amnesty international says nation has one of world 's highest execution rates .  report says at least 1,000 on death row , executions are often carried out in secret .  iraqi justice minister says he favors abolishing death penalty , calls justice system fair .  justice minister says request by him to waive death penalty would have no effec .
 brooklyn brewhaha : babies in bars <sec> babies in bars are the subject of heated discussion in brooklyn , where strollers rule .  singles do n't want to watch their language , behavior ; parents do n't want to be shut out .  debate began when bar banned strollers ; policy overturned after outcry , blogger says .  dad says he 's `` not knocking back double vodkas while my daughter is stumbling around .
 cnn student news - march 10 , 2015 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 mourners gather in haitian capital one month after deadly quake <sec> thousands unite in port-au-prince to remember 7.0-magnitude earthquake .  quake killed more than 212,000 people , left more than 1 million homeless in city , nearby .  anderson cooper , dr. sanjay gupta discuss haiti news on `` ac360 , '' 10 et tonight .  watch angelina jolie talk about her visit to haiti on `` amanpour , '' sunday at 2 p.m. e .
 cook piles on the runs as ruthless england torment india <sec> england in complete control against india in the third test match .  england close day two on 456-3 , a first innings lead of 232 runs .  alastair cook remains unbeaten on 182 after batting all day .  england on course to win test and become number one test side in worl .
 justices to review patriot act provision <sec> supreme court to review a key provision of the 2001 patriot act .  federal appeals court had struck down several aspects of patriot act .  government had asked the high court to intervene and uphold the law .  oral arguments to be held early next year , with decision expected by sprin .
 asylum seekers risking all to escape dangers of home <sec> hundreds of potential asylum seekers risk lives trying to reach australian territory by boat .  many are feeling poverty and repression in countries such as afghanistan and pakistan .  with detention facilities full , australian citizens are being asked to house some cases .  ali , 21 , from afghanistan is being hosted by a family near sydney until his case is hear .
 forget rio , it 's carnival time in the seychelles <sec> seychelles holds an annual international carnival .  this year , participants came from china , indonesia and the united states .  this year , more than 1,500 people took par .
 chelsea clinton : 'i taught my parents how to text ' <sec> chelsea clinton speaks tuesday at south by southwest interactive conference .  asked whether she 'll run for office : `` i do n't know '' .  clinton is vice chair of her family 's foundation .  her career advice to sxsw attendees : `` focus on what makes you angry .
 auburn finds hope in fight to save poisoned trees <sec> the 130-year-old live oaks were poisoned with a massive dose of a virulent herbicide .  a task force says the toxin has n't spread far from the trees , an auburn spokeswoman says .  the dirt around the tree has been replaced with clean soil and charcoal .  `` now we 're just hoping , '' says the spokeswoma .
 favorites germany stunned by croatia <sec> croatia stun favorites germany 2-1 in their group b encounter in klagenfurt .  darijo srna and ivica olic both on target as croatia make it two wins from two .  lukas podolski pulls goal back for germany with his third strike in two game .
 tom magliozzi , one of 'car talk ' brothers , dies at 77 <sec> tom magliozzi , the older `` car talk '' brother , dies at 77 .  the cause of death was complications from alzheimer 's , said npr .  `` car talk '' has long been one of npr 's most popular shows .  the brothers stopped making original broadcasts in 2012 ; archives have continue .
 'serious man ' actor laughs at darkness <sec> michael stuhlbarg got lead role in coens ' `` a serious man '' after some delay .  character is job-like physics professor whose life suddenly goes wrong .  stuhlbarg found the oscar-nominated black comedy hilarious .  next up for actor : playing arnold rothstein in `` boardwalk empire .
 for world leaders , g-20 an enormous waste of time <sec> in mid-1970s , french president proposed informal meeting of leaders from six nations .  in past three decades , david frum writes , the meeting has grown larger and larger .  last week 's g20 did nothing to allay anxieties about euro crisis .  with more countries added , costs rose , results vanishe .
 the rise , and rise , of the tiny uae energy power <sec> fujairah , one of seven emirates which make up the uae , is emerging as a global energy hub .  by 2016 , the port is expected to be able to manage huge crude carriers , which handle two million barrels per loa .
 will iran change heavy-handed tactics against pro-reform protests ? <sec> iranian regime congratulates egyptian revolution .  but experts ask whether it will allow democratic change .  white house says iranian government afraid of any challenge .
 teens charged in alleged bullying of student who later committed suicide <sec> new jersey gov . .  christie signed a tough new anti-bullying law on march 26 .  two days later , high school freshman lennon baldwin took his own life .  authorities say baldwin had been the victim of an assault and had been threatened .  on wednesday , three teenagers were charged in the cas .
 sudanese woman sentenced to die for christianity gives birth in prison <sec> meriam yehya ibrahim , 27 , gave birth in prison .  sources : her husband was not allowed to attend the birth .  ibrahim was convicted of apostas .
 n. korea may be able to deliver nuke , pentagon intel says <sec> congressman said he used declassified information .  ballistic missiles may be able to carry nukes , defense intelligence assessment says .  n.korea has not fully developed nuclear capabilities mentioned in report , pentagon says .  a missile was raised to an upright firing position , then lowere .
 video of chinese toddler sobbing in snow sparks outrage over parenting <sec> the video shows a toddler running outside , wearing only shoes and underpants .  `` daddy , daddy , please hold me , '' the 4-year-old cries .  the father says the snow run is part of a regimen designed to strengthen his son .  many in china say the approach is tantamount to child abus .
 president 's restricted airspace violated three times in less than 24 hours <sec> the area off limits to general aviation is called a `` temporary flight restriction '' or tfr .  pilots violating tfrs face possible suspension or loss of their pilot 's license .  the faa keeps a list of restricted airspace on its websit .
 aung san suu kyi addresses uk parliament , appeals for help for myanmar <sec> new : aung san suu kyi addresses both british houses of parliament , a rare honor .  david cameron says britain will remain a `` resolute friend '' of her country , myanmar .  suu kyi is on her first visit to britain in 24 years .  political reforms mean she can finally travel , after spending years under house arres .
 raúl castro : cuba ready 'to discuss everything ' with u.s . <sec> cuba 's president responds after president obama eases some travel restrictions .  island nation has long been the object of a u.s. economic blockade .  obama says u.s. is looking for signal of `` changes in how cuba operates '' .  cuba-u.s. relations likely will be an issue at the summit of the america .
 reactions to the arizona immigration law injunction across the u.s . <sec> new : `` the fight is far from over , '' says brewer , predicting `` a long legal struggle '' .  two border sheriffs denounce the ruling , calling it `` de facto amnesty '' .  aclu : a state can not be allowed to `` violate core american values '' .  department of justice : `` we believe the court ruled correctly .
 woods victorious as garcia falters at ill-tempered players <sec> tiger woods wins the players championship after collapse from sergio garcia .  garcia hit two tee shots into the water at the 17th hole , ending his challenge .  world no . .  1 woods wins the event for the first time since 2001 .  the american is now just four wins off sam snead 's record of 82 pga tour victorie .
 mississippi governor urges caution as river crests <sec> new : `` we 're in need of , first off , a place to live , '' an evacuee tells cnn affiliate wapt .  new : crews work to shore up the the mainline mississippi levee at lake albemarle .  severe storms are forecast this weekend along parts of the mississippi .  experts : it will take until mid-june for floodwaters to recede in vicksbur .
 rio 's 'big brother ' control room watches over the city <sec> rio de janeiro has a greenhouse gas emission of 2.1 tonnes per capita .  1.4 million people live in the shanty towns , called favelas .  the operations center was built in 2010 following a storm that killed 68 peopl .
 two plead guilty in u.s. to violating iran export ban <sec> iranian citizen and a pilot for u.s. airline plead guilty in kentucky .  indictment said the men arranged sales of helicopters , engine parts for civilian use .  each face up to 40 years in prison for violating export ba .
 as wildfire rages , some colorado residents defy evacuation order <sec> new : president obama calls colorado governor to pledge resources to fight fire .  some residents stay home , despite evacuation orders .  the fire now stretches 43,433 acres , or nearly 68 square miles .  one woman `` perished in the cabin she loved , '' her family say .
 tornadoes , floods hit illinois <sec> new : power knocked out to about 24,000 customers in illinois .  new : rain and hail fall on nashville , downing trees .  national weather service reports twisters in illinois .  major flooding reported in effingham and champaign counties , illinoi .
 ronaldo wrecks ferrari on way to training <sec> portugal winger escapes injury after wrecking his ferrari on way to training .  manchester utd . .  confirms accident , says ronaldo later trained as normal .  police : car collided with a barrie .
 u.s. to phase out landmines that target people <sec> new : landmine activists welcome u.s. action , but some say it does n't go far enough .  new : critics want u.s. to reject use of current stockpiles , set date to join anti-landmine treaty .  u.s. officials announced they would n't acquire any more anti-personnel mines .  more than 160 nations have signed the anti-landmine treat .
 inside the mind of an isis fighter <sec> isis plans to take over the arab world and then `` go to other countries , '' an ex-fighter says .  the man left the radical terror group two weeks ago .  `` since western fighters joined isis , they consider their home country as infidels , '' he say .
 man gets life without parole in arkansas tv anchor 's murder <sec> curtis lavelle vance , convicted in slaying of anne pressly , faced death penalty .  doctors , mother testify about vance 's abuse as a child , possible brain damage .  `` there really are n't any winners tonight , '' pressly 's stepfather says of cas .
 police arrest registered sex offender suspected of luring teen online <sec> police arrest registered sex offender william joe mitchell at virginia truck stop .  mitchell suspected of luring teen girl on myspace.com .  girl found in wal-mart parking lot earlier this week , after alleged abduction .  girl left house in middle of night to meet up with mitchell , sheriff sai .
 the times they are a-changin ' -- landmark moment for u.s. disability sport ? <sec> department of education set to introduce landmark rules on u.s. school sport .  mallory weggemann is a paralympic gold medal winning swimmer .  weggemann competed on gardner-webb university swim team .  she calls for equal opportunities for all athletes , regardless of disabilit .
 tatarstan declares day of mourning after russian plane crash kills 50 <sec> new : boeing sending technical team to assist in investigation .  russian media airs video that shows plane in vertical dive as it crashes .  flight recorders have been found , could provide data tuesday , news agency says .  the jet had 44 passengers and a crew of six aboar .
 the middle east 's leaders of the future ? <sec> more than two thirds of middle east population is under 25 .  young people are credited with driving uprisings across the region this year .  'one young world ' conference brought together 1,600 young people from 194 countrie .
 reliability not speed key to f1 glory in 2014 , says lauda <sec> former ferrari world champion says speed will be second to reliability in 2014 .  lauda travels to italy ahead of f1 team 's launch of their new car .  f1 bosses have introduced a raft of technical changes for the forthcoming season .  changes include new leaner 1.6 turbo engines and smaller fuel tank .
 brazil flooding death toll rises <sec> new : authorities warn about health risks of flood-contaminated water , food .  floods in southern brazil blamed for 112 deaths , state news agency says .  79,000 people homeless , 19 missing ; landslides caused much of the damage .  brazilian president releases almost $ 1 billion in aid to affected area .
 clijsters crashes out of french open <sec> world no . .  2 kim clijsters beaten by 114th-ranked dutchwoman arantxa rus .  the 20-year-old saves two match-points to earn third-round clash with maria kirilenko .  maria sharapova survives a scare against 17-year-old caroline garcia .  australian open runner-up li na reaches third round along with petra kvitov .
 as dengue cases increase , honduras declares state of emergency <sec> honduras says dengue cases are on the rise .  the government declares a state of emergency .  so far 16 people have died of dengue there this yea .
 venezuela rations water in response to drought <sec> rolling cuts to water service will affect caracas , nearby areas for up to 48 hours .  drought conditions have reduced reservoir volume to critical levels , officials say .  only hospitals will be equipped with water around the cloc .
 americans around the world mark veterans day <sec> new : ground was broken wednesday for a new memorial honoring disabled veterans .  vp joe biden led veterans day remembrances at arlington national cemetery .  president barack obama marked veterans day at a u.s. military base in south korea .  parades and ceremonies were scheduled in cities and towns across americ .
 gas pipeline erupts in texas <sec> new : 1 dead in gas pipeline blast .  johnson county blaze is out .  36-inch underground natural gas pipeline exploded .  crews working on the line ruptured it , official say .
 weight-loss success : power walker loses 150 pounds <sec> jen corn weighed more than 300 pounds in the fall of 2011 .  she started watching her diet and power walking to lose weight .  since she started her `` road trip , '' corn has lost 150 pound .
 microsoft to sell $ 399 xbox one without kinect <sec> beginning on june 9 , microsoft will offer the xbox one for $ 399 in all markets .  it 's now selling the device without its kinect motion-control system .  xbox one , xbox 360 consoles will no longer require a live gold subscriptio .
 anthony bourdain : human race is 'essentially good ' <sec> `` anthony bourdain : parts unknown '' takes you across the globe to exotic destinations .  the cnn personality will share his unique perspective and insights while traveling the world .  bourdain : `` people , wherever they live , are not statistics . .  they are not abstractions '' .  he hopes to show `` what people are like at the table , at home , in their businesses , at play .
 6.9-magnitude quake strikes peru , usgs says <sec> the quake hits a mountainous area , causing damage to buildings .  at least two people have been injured , authorities report .  the usgs revises down the quake 's magnitude from 7.0 to 6 . .
 keeping a legacy alive : ceo puts her stamp on the family business <sec> with over 25 years experience , kathy bloomgarden is the ceo of global pr firm , ruder finn .  with an affinity for languages as a child , she served as interpreter for her father on business trips .  she reveals how she continues to build on ruder finn 's success since ceo appointmen .
 designing 007 : exhibition marks 50 years of james bond <sec> `` designing 007 : 50 years of bond style '' opens at london gallery .  exhibition , with over 400 bond archive items , explores design behind 007 films .  showcase includes bikini of first bond girl , the golden gun and bond 's 1964 aston marti .
 reflections on west bengal , where communism is on verge of collapse <sec> cnn 's moni basu writes as a native of west bengal in india .  west bengal 's communists built a political dynasty in india in recent decades .  that may end when election results are announced friday , basu write .
 sri lanka bans felling of coconut trees as country faces shortages <sec> sri lanka acts to boost coconut production , which has been dropping .  permission is required to cut coconut trees .  an effort to cut the black market on coconuts is being undercu .
 no regrets for perez hilton over miley cyrus upskirt pic <sec> hilton linked to controversial photo in a twitter message .  blogger says pic showed 'nothing down there ' .  feds are not investigating child porn charge .  abc pulled ads from hilton 's websit .
 toronto : 'gravity ' wows , propelling bullock toward another oscar nom <sec> bullock said she did n't deserve the oscar for `` the blind side .  toronto international film festival buzzing over her in `` gravity '' .  filming the role of an astronaut set adrift was difficul .
 dubai 'sex-on-beach ' couple escape jail term <sec> the couple , michelle palmer and vincent acors , faced three-month sentence .  the pair were arrested at a dubai beach shortly after midnight on july 5 .  they were charged with with illicit relations , public indecency , public intoxication .  although a relatively moderate gulf state , dubai adheres to certain islamic rule .
 canadian fugitive wanted on murder charges caught in florida <sec> john boulachanis , 37 , was arrested in miami , the u.s . .  marshals service says .  canadian authorities say he shot a man in the head in august 1997 .  the hunt for him picked up this spring , two years after he was seen in new jersey .  besides murder , he is wanted on fraud , arson , conspiracy and drug trafficking charge .
 taxing times for the premier league <sec> top rate of uk tax set to be 50 percent , the fourth highest in the developed world .  the average premier league footballer 's annual salary is $ 1.8m ( £1.2m ) .  tax expert believes rate rise plus weakened pound will hurt premier leagu .
 livestock treatment debated at supreme court <sec> california law says downed livestock headed for slaughter must be removed , euthanized .  but federal law lets inspectors determine if livestock can recover , be fit for consumption .  justices express concern that state law may go too far into federal arena .  case was brought by a meat trade group on behalf of pig farmers in californi .
 why ukraine is rethinking nato relationship ( opinion ) <sec> ambassador : russian aggression against ukraine has been challenge to peace .  olexander motsyk : russia has disregarded provisions of budapest memorandum .  time for ukraine to rethink relationship with nato , he say .
 biographer takes a look into scalia 's influence , defiance <sec> biography looks at conservative , confrontational jurist 's influence on law , society .  author describes scalia as a product of contrasting families who has thrived on conflict .  she says scalia 's best friend on court is ruth bader ginsburg , a low-key , liberal justice .  author says she wanted a book that would demystify scalia , make people understand hi .
