 jay leno hits seven-week high in viewers <sec> `` the tonight show '' hit a seven-week high in total viewers with 3.52 million .  as it now stands , leno has outranked `` late show with david letterman '' .  the ratings bump came as leno began taking nightly jabs at his employe .
 skier albrecht learning to live again after crash <sec> it is six years since daniel albrecht suffered brain trauma on the kitzbühel downhill .  remarkably , he returned from the injury to the world cup circuit two years after the event .  on the eve of the kitzbühel downhill , he relives an accident he remembers nothing about .  today , he has his own clothing line and mentor 's up-and-coming skier .
 pakistan coalition to pursue musharraf impeachment <sec> pakistan 's government confirms move to impeach president pervez musharraf .  musharraf may still move to dissolve parliament and dismiss the pm .  pm yousaf raza gilani will replace musharraf at the olympic opening ceremony .  musharraf seized power in a 1999 military cou .
 nidal hasan 's attorneys still trying to leave case <sec> new : maj. nidal hasan 's standby attorneys are appealing order to stay on case .  the prosecution is going through more than 40 witnesses in two days .  hasan faces a death sentence if convicted of 13 killings and 32 attempted murder counts .  hasan has admitted being the shooter in the 2009 rampage at fort hoo .
 nfl legend favre vows : i 'm quitting after my 20th season <sec> brett favre decides to play one more nfl season with the minnesota vikings .  veteran quarterback aims to finally retire following his 20th season as a player .  the 40-year-old is hoping to win his second career super bowl before he quits .  he has officially retired on at least two other occasions , then returned to pla .
 maria sharapova , li na opt out of fledgling exhibition league <sec> maria sharapova and li na wo n't be competing in the new iptl , their agent says .  sharapova is arguably the biggest name in women 's tennis and li is hugely popular in asia .  the iptl is hoping to be as successful as cricket 's established ipl .  the official player list is expected to be revealed on frida .
 hidden cameras found in university of delaware toilets <sec> a university of delaware student allegedly hid cameras in restrooms around campus .  police say they think javier mendiola-soto , 38 , hid cameras for more than two years .  an investigation has revealed 1,500 video files , with some 40 victims so far identified .  police are contacting victims , and the university is offering counseling to anyone affecte .
 madoff 's finance chief pleads guilty to fraud , other charges <sec> new : judge denies bail for frank dipascali , despite deal he had with prosecutors .  dipascali , bernie madoff 's fiance chief , pleads guilty to securities fraud .  madoff was sentenced to prison this year for orchestrating ponzi scheme .  dipascali admits to creating false statements with historical stock price .
 would huge nicaragua canal be win for china ? ( opinion ) <sec> frida ghitis : chinese man leads plan to build transoceanic canal through nicaragua .  it would be one of world 's most ambitious engineering projects , bigger than panama canal .  she says it would boost china , not u.s. , in central america . .  critics say ortega pushing for it .  ghitis : there are many skeptics , but project set to start dec. 22 . .  it 's looking serious no .
 juice factory could bear fruit for sierra leone <sec> special economic zone is a first for sierra leone .  it is intended to house factories that can process sierra leone 's natural resources .  africa felix juice is the first tenant and enjoys a three-year tax holida .
 pope francis : modern slavery is 'becoming worse and worse every day ' <sec> in a panel with other faith leaders , francis calls slavery a `` crime against humanity '' .  christian , muslim , jewish , buddhist and hindu representatives sign declaration .  by signing , they pledge to support action to eradicate slavery by the year 2020 .  global slavery index : more than 35 million people are in bondage worldwid .
 3 years in jail for egyptians in same-sex wedding video <sec> eight arrested after an online video showed what authorities called a same-sex wedding .  a prosecutor called it a `` satanic ceremony '' with images that are `` shameful ... and anger god '' .  homosexuality is not explicitly outlawed in egypt ; gays have been charged in other way .
 donald trump : be bold and buy real estate now <sec> trump advises to take advantage of low prices , get seller to do the financing .  trump : obama rebuilding u.s. reputation ; previous administration was a disaster .  he 's mad about possible higher taxes in new york , says he could move to florida .  trump likes the guy his daughter is dating , but she 's not engage .
 fangtastic ! the world 's best vampire-spotting locations <sec> vampire literature has inspired people to travel all over the world .  bran castle in romania is where bram stoker set `` dracula '' .  forks , washington , now features tours for `` twilight '' enthusiast .
 china , vietnam collide over south china sea claims <sec> new : vietnamese take to the streets to protest against perceived territorial incursions by china .  new : south china sea disputes form backdrop to asean summit in myanmar .  vietnam says chinese ships have made violent attacks on vietnamese vessels .  chinese fishermen arrested by philippines authorities in a separate disput .
 opinion : gop 's problem wooing african-american voters <sec> carol costello says it 's not a secret that the gop lacks strong african-american support .  she says the party acknowledges that it needs to do better .  incidents like cliven bundy 's racist remarks set back the gop effort , she says .  costello : it 's appropriate to ask party officials to show what steps they are takin .
 pakistan deal enshrines sharia law <sec> presidential spokesman says deal gives sharia law a role in swat valley .  valley is wracked by violence ; central government has little influence in the region .  last week , pro-taliban cleric said government not serious about allowing sharia law .  swat valley is about 300km from islamabad and near the afghan borde .
 typhoon wipha hits tokyo area , killing at least 18 <sec> new : 18 people have died , 44 missing after typhoon wipha hits the tokyo area .  oshima , a small island south of tokyo , has been hardest hit .  more than 500 domestic and international flights were canceled .  the typhoon is moving north along the pacific coast of japa .
 three nyc schools closing for week over h1n1 flu <sec> officials cite five new cases of h1n1 virus in new york city schools .  one school administrator critically ill with the virus , officials say .  administrator had a pre-existing medical condition , mayor indicates .  dozens of students have reported flu-like symptoms at the 3 closed school .
 nicolas anelka handed 5-match ban and fined for 'quenelle ' gesture <sec> epl player handed five-game ban and fined for gesture by english fa .  anelka denied charges that gesture he made was `` abusive , indecent or insulting '' .  fa regulatory commission `` did not find nicolas anelka is an anti-semite '' .  `` quenelle '' popularized by controversial french comedian dieudonne m'bala m'bal .
 tropical storm leaves at least 115 dead in central america <sec> at least 115 dead in three central american nations .  guatemala hit hardest with at least 83 dead .  first named storm of the pacific hurricane season .  atlantic hurricane season starts tuesda .
 brown : tucker bounds interview becomes lightning rod <sec> brown asks mccain spokesman about sarah palin 's experience .  interview generates thousands of e-mails to brown .  mccain camp says she crossed a line , cancels a cnn appearanc .
 two brothers , no fears and $ 1 billion empire <sec> michael and steven roberts , both african-americans , built a $ 1 billion empire .  steven roberts to youngsters : `` understand what your passion is '' .  lack of money should n't stop you from pursuing your dreams , they say .  they do n't believe in full retirement : `` what other animal retires ? .
 tsa reprimands bag screeners over job performance at boston airport <sec> the tsa action affects a total of 20 checked-baggage screeners .  the screeners work at boston 's logan international airport .  the tsa is moving to fire six of the screeners and suspend the other 14 .  job performance is the issue , an agency spokesperson say .
 final arguments before oscar pistorius sentencing <sec> new : judge thokozile masipa says court will reconvene for sentencing tuesday .  new : prosecutor gerrie nel says pistorius should be sent to prison for at least 10 years .  defense attorney barry roux says other options besides prison should be considered .  pistorius is a `` broken man , '' says roux , who has `` lost everything .
 get spooked : five haunted cemeteries <sec> this halloween , visit some of the most haunted cemeteries in the country .  st. louis cemetery no . .  1 in new orleans is rumored to be haunted by a voodoo queen .  the ghost of rudolph valentino is often seen in hollywood forever cemeter .
 with special olympics , shriver leaves legacy of hope <sec> eunice kennedy shriver started special olympics in her backyard in 1962 .  special olympics has grown into a global organization that helps 3 million athletes .  an estimated 200 million people live with intellectual disabilities worldwide .  says one athlete : `` because we have special needs does n't mean we ca n't do stuff .
 moms of slain blackwater contractors speak on anniversary <sec> it 's been five years since killings of four u.s. contractors in falluja .  victim 's mom : `` i want blackwater exposed and out of business '' .  blackwater , renamed xe , says it `` continues to mourn '' the loss of the four men .  another mom : both sides are losers in blackwater sui .
 poll : three-quarters favor relations with cuba <sec> two-thirds of those surveyed say u.s. should lift travel ban on cuba .  americans banned from traveling to cuba , although some do from other countries .  president obama has said he is in favor of changing the relationship with cuba .  but some members of congress are against opening relation .
 clinical trial : one dose of h1n1 vaccine will protect pregnant women <sec> over 90 % of women in study showed robust response to one 15-microgram dose .  dr. anthony fauci : vaccine is safe and effective in pregnant women .  young people and pregnant women have shown to be vulnerable to h1n1 flu .  children 9 and younger have responded better to two doses of the vaccin .
 review : ralph fiennes comes out guns blazing in 'coriolanus ' <sec> by any standards , `` coriolanus '' is an ambitious undertaking .  ralph fiennes ' bold , dynamic movie will make you glad he took up the challenge .  fiennes is utterly compelling , a kind of roman ramb .
 tokyo takes over as world 's most expensive city for expats <sec> tokyo moved up from no . .  2 last year to become world 's most expensive city .  housing costs are the biggest indicator of cost of living , researchers say .  euro crisis caused many european cities to fall in rankings .  asian cities make up five of the top 10 most expensive citie .
 north korean leader 's uncle probably ousted , s. korean lawmakers say <sec> kim jong un may have cemented his power by removing his uncle , analyst says .  jang sung-taek was the vice chairman of north korea 's top military body .  he has been removed and two of his close allies have been executed , south korean lawmaker says .  if confirmed , the move would mark a major upheaval in north korea 's leadershi .
 why cambodia leads the way in rescuing captive bears <sec> rescuers from free the bears rescue caged bears across cambodia .  many bears will end up in bear bile farms , and subjected to cruel `` milking '' methods .  cambodia is leading the way in bear rescues in asia .  demand for bear bile in chinese traditional medicine feeds trad .
 roseanne barr going blind and preventing her diseases <sec> barr has macular degeneration and glaucoma , eye diseases that get progressively worse and can steal vision .  the risk for both diseases goes up for everyone after age 60 .  sun exposure can up the risk for glaucoma and macular degeneratio .
 how obama 's comments on race sparked very different reactions <sec> new : head of group protesting florida law praises president for `` bravery '' of remarks .  obama made surprise comments on the george zimmerman verdict .  reactions , however , varied wildly and were polarized .  `` so much for this president 'transcending ' race , '' says one conservative commentato .
 key question in iraq right now : who controls tikrit ? <sec> militants declare islamic state extending from syria to iraq .  iraq 's government is touting its offensive to recapture saddam hussein 's hometown .  but some residents tell cnn a different story : `` there are no iraqi troops here '' .  iraqi security forces were routed by isis fighters earlier this mont .
 top iranian general : let 's prosecute opposition leaders <sec> brigadier general yadollah javani is a senior official in the revolutionary guard .  he wants to put opposition leaders mir hossein moussavi , mehdi karrubi on trial .  javani also wants to put former reformist president mohammad khatami on trial .  until now , the government has gone after the protesters themselve .
 five user complaints about iphone 5 <sec> the iphone 5 has sold more than 5 million units , but some users have gripes .  the top complaint has been about a spotty maps app that replaced google maps .  a video shows the aluminum casing scratching easily .  light leaks have also been reporte .
 tool can plug gunshot wounds in seconds <sec> xstat is an invention used to plug wounds .  syringe filled with tiny sponges fills up wound , applies compression in seconds .  on a battlefield , where risk of bleeding out is high , innovation is key .  xstat received fda approval in april and will be shipped to u.s. militar .
 commentary : bailouts will lead to rough economic ride <sec> ron paul : too much government meddling in economy caused crisis .  paul says the bailouts are another case of excessive intervention in economy .  the government is n't letting the market adjust prices to lower levels , paul says .  paul : bailout will only increase financial instability in the long ru .
 source : prosecutors offer ariel castro a plea deal in kidnapping case <sec> new : `` we 're on the home stretch , '' says a source close to the case .  the defense is still considering the deal , a second source says .  the agreement would remove the possibility of the death penalty , says that source .  castro is accused of holding three women against their will for close to a decad .
 liverpool appoint new manager rodgers <sec> english premier league club liverpool appoint brendan rodgers as manager .  rodgers reveals that he would not work with a director of football .  northern irishman promises to fight `` for the people '' of liverpool .  rodgers enjoyed a successful season with swansea in the premier league last seaso .
 is 'cold war ' china mentality hurting business ? <sec> australia 's economy is increasingly tied to china , yet attitudes remain `` cold war '' .  a recent white paper says australia needs to embrace `` the asian century '' to thrive .  australians still tend to see china through a historical lens as predatory and alien .  china is australia 's number one trade partner , helping sydney skirt the global recessio .
 philippine martial law under debate <sec> arroyo outlines reasons for martial law declaration in 20-page letter .  report : house , senate might jointly convene tuesday , house speaker says .  at least six members of ampatuan family arrested , abs-cbn reports .  authorities raid at least one warehouse and ranch belonging to famil .
 'robotic bartender ' machine can mix you a cocktail <sec> monsieur , a `` robotic bartender '' machine , can make up to 300 kinds of cocktails .  customers order on a touchscreen or through their phones .  each monsieur comes with 12 themes , such as `` bachelorette party , '' `` irish pub '' or `` cigar bar '' .  if you want a monsieur for personal use , the retail price is $ 5,00 .
 meet fortune 500 's female powerbrokers <sec> this year 's fortune 500 list includes the greatest number of female ceos in history .  women helm 18 of america 's biggest 500 corporations .  campaigners say more women are still needed on board .
 liverpool edge into title frame with last-gasp fulham win <sec> steven gerrard 's late penalty earns liverpool three points at craven cottage .  manchester united 's trip to arsenal ends in goalless draw .  bad weather causes postponement of two games including manchester city vs. sunderland .  barcelona reach copa del rey final after a 3-1 aggregate win over real socieda .
 questions abound after agency downgrades u.s. credit rating <sec> new : obama urges both parties to work together to strengthen the economy .  s & p downgrades the u.s. credit rating from a aaa to aa+ .  it is not immediately clear what effects the downgrade will hav .
 romney 's june fundraising would buy ... - cnnpolitics.com <sec> mitt romney for the first time is expected to raise more money than president obama .  he raised $ 100 million in june ; obama numbers have n't been released yet .  $ 100 million can buy 366 new homes , movie night for 2 million people .  it can pay for 40,000 five-day vacations or more than 35 million mcdonald 's happy meal .
 judge revokes zimmerman 's bond <sec> zimmerman is ordered to surrender within 48 hours .  he is charged with murder in the death of trayvon martin .  media lawyers want more information released about the case .  the prosecution and defense are both fighting to keep material seale .
 nadal breezes through in barcelona <sec> rafael nadal through to the semifinals at barcelona open .  rain-delay forced nadal to play conclusion of quarterfinal tie friday .  world no.5 will face milos raonic in last four .  spain 's nicolas almagro to play philipp kohlschreiber in other semifina .
 snatching little league team 's title is a lousy move <sec> jackie robinson team is stripped of its title for violating residency rules .  jason johnson : why punish team that severely when sports cheating is rampant .
 senate oks settling claims feds discriminated against blacks , indians <sec> new : obama administration lauds step to settle discrimination claims by blacks , indians .  new : officials are working to resolve similar lawsuits by women and hispanics .  the senate approved a roughly $ 1.15 billion settlement for minority farmers , sources say .  black farmers association president calls the senate action `` long overdue justice .
 reluctant russia , china have agreed on iran sanctions , clinton says <sec> u.s. , france , britain , germany also in group hammering out sanctions plan .  draft resolution likely to be shown to u.n. security council today , secretary of state says .  nations are concerned that iran intends to develop nuclear weapons , which iran denie .
 five hot ice bars for a cool drink <sec> take a tour of five ice bars from around the world .  one of the ice sculptors in orlando has won world championship ice-carving titles .  visitors at an ice bar in the netherlands are treated to a 30-minute , 3-d movi .
 state by state : isaac floods , whips coastal regions <sec> louisiana : 56 parishes under state of emergency .  florida : people are ordered to evacuate parts of downtown pensacola .  mississippi : there are reports of flooding in hancock and harrison counties .  alabama : authorities warm of strong winds , high water and storm surge .
 amanda knox arrives home in seattle <sec> new : knox is emotional , `` overwhelmed '' after arriving in seattle .  the exoneration of knox and her ex-boyfriend sends the victim 's family `` back to square one '' .  the kercher family can not forgive anyone `` until the truth is known , '' the victim 's sister says .  knox and raffaele sollecito successfully appealed their convictions of murde .
 now it 's up to the jury : who does warhol of fawcett belong to ? <sec> jury to decide if school or actor should have one of two warhol portraits of farrah fawcett .  attorneys for university of texas , ryan o'neal give closing arguments .  `` please speak for farrah because she ca n't speak for herself , '' university lawyer says .  `` use your common sense , '' o'neal lawyer says . .  `` why would she want two ? .
 opinion : is income inequality 'morally wrong ' ? <sec> obama : `` growing inequality is n't just morally wrong ; it 's bad economics '' .  john sutter talks to philosophers about the morality of extreme income inequality .  obama 's remarks came wednesday in a policy speech about the economy .  sutter says the morality of income distribution is a central question for americ .
 nuts ! squirrel halts play in english football match <sec> squirrel stops plays at second-tier english football game .  championship match between qpr and leicester halted for two minutes .  a squirrel also invaded loftus road pitch in march 201 .
 super tweeter tila tequila scales back after incident <sec> normally active tweeter tila tequila was briefly silent after alleged battery .  tequila accused nfl star shawne merriman of choking her .  she has more than 240,000 twitter followers and sometimes tweets 100 times a day .  tequila tweeted she 's `` allergic to alcohol '' after accusation of being drun .
 cnn hero working harder than ever to stop sex trafficking <sec> anuradha koirala , the 2010 cnn hero of the year , is saving nepalese from sex trafficking .  koirala and actress demi moore featured in `` nepal 's stolen children , '' a cnn documentary .  the documentary , part of the cnn freedom project , premieres sunday at 8 p.m. e .
 jackson 's personal chef : house went from happy to hysterical <sec> kai chase served as michael jackson 's personal chef , said he ate well .  she says she and jackson children held hands , cried , prayed during health crisis .  chase says she saw dr. conrad murray bring oxygen tanks into jackson household .  life in the jackson household was orderly and loving , the chef observe .
