 hold on to your skinny jeans : jnco is back <sec> jnco jeans were popular in the 1990s .  their signature look was a super wide-legged jea .
 amanda knox awaits another verdict from italian court <sec> florence court to rule at knox , former boyfriend retrial thursday .  both were convicted of british student meredith kercher 's murder , later acquitted .  knox has opted not to travel to italy for the trial after spending four years in jail .  if found guilty , knox said she would become `` a fugitive .
 tyra banks talks the future of beauty <sec> banks wrote an opinion piece for the wall street journal .  she predicts that the way the world perceives beauty will change .  more uniqueness in looks is the future , she wrot .
 syria 's bashar al-assad wo n't fall soon , jordan 's king says <sec> nations recognizing opposition coalition will meet in kuwait on monday .  jordan 's king abdullah says the al-assad regime has strength to last months longer .  he calls for international help to stave off a looming humanitarian crisis .  as many as 36,000 syrians have fled to jordan since january .
 opinion : give undocumented immigrants driver 's licenses <sec> california will soon provide driver 's license to illegal immigrants .  ruben navarrette : the golden state is usually a trendsetter but fell behind on this issue .  he says giving driver 's licenses to illegal immigrants with restricted use benefits all .  navarrette : the undocumented would rather have a driver 's license so they can wor .
 coming soon : a superhero universe for girls <sec> dc , partners introduce dc super hero girls , intended for girls 6-12 .  reaction mostly favorable -- but some caveat .
 black kentucky player apologizes for n-word <sec> kentucky player mutters n-word under his breath about a wisconsin player at postgame news conference .  andrew harrison , who is black , tweets that he apologized to frank kaminsky , who is white .  kaminsky says he 's talked it over with harrison -- 'i 'm over it .
 yao ming : 'everyone wants to be next jeremy lin ' <sec> yao ming enjoyed huge success in the nba while playing with the hosuton rockets .  compared to american-born new york knicks point guard jeremy lin , who has chinese-taiwanese roots .  lin 's fan base on sina weibo , china 's top micro-blogging site , has already hit the two million mark .  the two players bonded after meeting at an event for yao 's charity two years ag .
 monopoly set being released with real money <sec> french version of monopoly has some sets with actual euros .  game is celebrating its 80th anniversary this yea .
 verdict in al jazeera trial expected june 23 <sec> three al jazeera journalists face charges in egypt of spreading false news .  prosecutors say the channel is trying to bring down egypt ; defendants forcefully deny it .  defense attorneys say the charges were actually meant for a different al jazeera channe .
 the middle east rich list <sec> the middle east 's richest man is prince alwaleed bin talal alsaud .  he ranks 19th in the world in the forbes rich list .  seven other billionaires from the middle east rank in the top 10 .
 notorious somali pirate quits : now is shipping safe ? <sec> pirate mohamed abdi hassan , known as `` afweyne , '' announces retirement .  piracy began to gain international attention in 2008 as number of attacks grew .  afweyne got notoriety as organizer of two high-profile hijackings , says adjoa anyimadu .  piracy off coast of somalia is no longer as lucrative as it once was , says anyimad .
 indian pair add table tennis gold to host nation 's medals haul <sec> india claim gold in the men 's doubles table tennis competition .  tom daley wins a second diving gold medal for england .  australia triumph in a dramatic women 's hockey final .  sri lanka claim first boxing gold for 72 year .
 japan country profile <sec> japan is the world 's third largest economy in terms of gdp size .  rapid post-war growth ended in 1990s ; country has slipped in to recession four times since 2008 .  exerts global power as source of capital , innovation and cultural trends .  relationship with neighbors strained over territorial claims and colonial histor .
 q & a ; : is syrian war escalating to wider conflict ? <sec> israel takes steps to defend itself after claims it launched an assault on damascus .  in exclusive interview with cnn , syrian official called alleged assault `` declaration of war '' .  few would logically appreciate widening of conflict , but hopes of resolving it seem distan .
 company apologizes , says radiation exposure could have been prevented <sec> a tokyo electric official apologizes for poor communication on tainted water .  a japanese official says the company must share info to keep public 's trust .  fresh water , not seawater , is being pumped into reactors 1 , 2 and .
 toyota reports a return to profits <sec> toyota reports $ 2.2 billion profit for fiscal year 2009 that ended on march 31 , 2010 .  operating revenue recovers from 2008 losses to profit in 2009 , japanese carmaker says .  2009 sales were up across asia and japan , but down in both north america and europe .  carmaker has been the subject of at least three separate major recalls in the past yea .
 international powers boost support for libyan rebels <sec> panetta warns that gadhafi 's staying in power could undermine u.s. credibility .  an opposition spokesman says moammar gadhafi is rattled .  hillary clinton says people close to gadhafi have been in transition talks .  world powers pledge more money for the transitional national counci .
 ex-cheerleader loses suit against student , school district after fall <sec> justices rule cheerleading is `` contact '' sport , therefore teammates , school not liable .  brittany noffke sued claiming negligence after she fell during a stunt .  opinion said stunt in question did not create a `` compelling danger '' .  cheerleading group calls ruling the first legal decision of its kin .
 justin timberlake 's new album streaming early on itunes <sec> timberlake 's album is scheduled to be released sept. 29 .  his `` 20/20 experience '' is best-selling album so far .  he will be touring through the fal .
 euro crisis invites political extremism in french vote <sec> france , voting next week in first round for president , sees growth of fringe parties .  david frum says the extremists are gaining due to disastrous economic policy .  he says preserving the euro is forcing leaders to cut spending in midst of recession .  in france , national front and left front are gaining , though neither will win , he say .
 teachers abducted in pakistan for polio campaign support are released <sec> the teachers had supported a polio vaccination campaign at their school .  a phony polio campaign set up by u.s. intelligence has fomented opposition to such work .  since july 2012 , at least 22 polio workers have been kille .
 rihanna to testify in chris brown hearing , lawyer says <sec> lawyer says singer has cleared her schedule to comply with a subpoena .  chris brown previously said he hoped to resolve the case without public testimony .  judge : leak of photo showing rihanna with bloodied face wo n't hinder prosecution .  brown allegedly attacked rihanna after she found text from another woma .
 undercover cop 'played key role ' in uk power station plot <sec> trial of environmental activists collapses as prosecution offers no evidence .  prosecution says new information had `` significantly undermined '' its case .  defense planned to disclose information about an undercover police officer .  activists say mark kennedy played a `` key role '' in organizing the actio .
 drones banned from yosemite , other parks <sec> the u.s. national park service says drones are not welcome .  yosemite national , in california , said they 're being used to shoot video .  drones make noise and can disrupt delicate wildlife , parks say .  youtube shows a host of drone videos from yosemit .
 new york times adds 100,000 digital subscribers <sec> the new york times added 100,000 digital-only subscribers in the past month .  web-only plans for the times start at $ 15 per month .  the times says it will share some subscription revenue with apple by june 3 .
 habitat for humanity founder dies <sec> millard fuller and wife linda started organization in 1976 .  habitat says it has provided housing for 1.5 million-plus people .  fuller received presidential medal of freedom in 1996 .  fuller left habitat in 2005 amid dispute with governing boar .
 oops ! 'strange magic ' not the 'frozen ' sequel <sec> new : `` strange magic '' is not a `` frozen '' sequel , studio announces .  no official movie sequel has been announced .  one site noticed that disney registered `` strange magic '' domain .
 ex-foreign minister tariq aziz to be executed , iraqi official says <sec> governing coalition member : aziz will be put to death after u.s. forces leave .  `` it will definitely take place , '' says saad yousif al-muttalibi .  a lawyer for aziz says the decision is `` stupid '' and rooted in politics .  amnesty international , the vatican criticize the verdic .
 jazz singer abbey lincoln dead at 80 <sec> lincoln was a prominent civil rights activist during the 1960s .  she was said to have been influenced by legendary jazz singer billie holiday .  lincoln was also well known as an actres .
 bomb detonates near office of somali prime minister <sec> it is unclear if there were any casualties , the spokesman says .  but witnesses say a security guard was killed .  abdi farah shirdon was named pm in octobe .
 this vs. that : marijuana vs. alcohol - friday night , revisited <sec> what are people talking about ? .  facebook mentions give a glimpse .  cnn now has ability to see how often some topics are mentioned .  data is broad and shows demographics , rather than specific conversation .
 women to consult nfl commissioner on domestic violence <sec> players union executive applauds commissioner for announcement .  he says union abhors violence but represents players so they can get due process .  roger goodell memo : 4 women tapped to help league tackle issue of domestic violence .  among the four : ex-head of sex crimes prosecution unit , ex-directors of advocacy group .
 taiwan 's offices in hong kong , macau to come out of hiding <sec> the renaming of taipei 's hub in hong kong delineates a warming of relations with beijing .  taiwan is hong kong 's fourth largest trading partner , with a value of more than us $ 35 billion .  taiwan president ma ying-jeou has been largely friendly toward mainland china since his electio .
 f1 car 'sings ' national anthem <sec> red bull took to the streets of new york state for a promotional video .  formula one will take place in new jersey next year with the inaugural grand prix of america .  the last american f1 race was in 2007 , with lewis hamilton taking the checkered flag .  austin , texas will make its f1 debut later this year , with united states grand pri .
 bail hearing for aaron hernandez associate moved to august <sec> carlos ortiz 's bail hearing is moved to august 14 .  police say ortiz , arrested on firearms charge , is an associate of ex-nfler aaron hernandez .  hernandez is charged with murder in death of odin lloyd in massachusetts .  authorities : ortiz was in car with hernandez , lloyd before lloyd was kille .
 u.s. : afghan militants using white phosphorus <sec> u.s.-coalition : militants using white phosphorous against coalition in afghanistan .  the chemical can cause severe burns ; rights groups oppose its use in civilian areas .  chemical is a smoke-producing agent commonly used to hide military operations .  taliban alleged u.s. forces used it in fighting insurgents may 4 in farah provinc .
 caracas mayor protests chavez with hunger strike <sec> caracas mayor antonio ledezma alleges his power was illegally diminished .  venezuela 's president created a post that took many of ledezma 's duties .  ledezma goes on hunger strike , asks organization of american states for probe .  adviser : oas secretary-general to meet with ledezma , other unhappy mayor .
 kidnappers free french family abducted in cameroon , officials say <sec> a french family kidnapped in northern cameroon earlier this year has been released .  four children , their parents and an uncle were kidnapped in february in waza national park .  the seven members of the family were handed over to government officials unharme .
 researchers document distinctive hawaii sign language <sec> records dating to the 1800s pointing to a sign language on the hawaiian islands .  but the unique language has n't been documented until now , by university researchers .  a professor says at least 80 % of its signs are distinct from american sign languag .
 paterson faces ethics charges over world series tickets <sec> new york ethics panel says governor accepted free world series tickets .  he lied under oath about intending to pay for tickets , commission says .  governor maintains his innocence , his office says .  he could be hit with fines for violating ethics restriction .
 india combats sex-selective abortion as gender ratio loses balance <sec> a new census in india counts 914 girls under age 6 per every 1,000 boys that age .  that 's a drop from a decade ago and the lowest ratio in modern india 's history .  gender-based abortions are a problem in india due to cultural concern .
 hong kong 's leader : raw emotion 'will get us nowhere ' <sec> hong kong is in the midst of a passionate debate about its constitutional development .  city should seize chance to have `` full-fledged election '' for first time , hong kong 's leader writes .  critics says framework will allow only candidates favored by beijing .  such claims are unfounded as details are not finalized , c.y . .  leung add .
 power outages plague dc region after storm that killed 2 people <sec> new : power restored at washington-area nursing home .  massive thunderstorm leaves hundreds of thousands without power in metro washington .  two people were killed in storm-related incidents .  the storm was part of a slow-moving front moving sout .
 will obama help unions ? <sec> nelson lichtenstein : will more states pass right-to-work laws like michigan ? .  lichtenstein : the potential spread of the laws in the north is startling and ominous .  he says opponents try to paint the union , not the employer , as oppressors of workers .  lichtenstein : president obama need to defend trade unionism in its hour of nee .
 latinos in california seeks council seat in ongoing tension with anaheim police <sec> anaheim city council says no to a ballot measure about creating election districts .  latino leaders ask police to tone down use of force and seek a seat on council .  mother of man killed by officer sues police for $ 50 million .  anaheim is home to disneyland , `` the happiest place on earth .
 woman charged with kidnapping girl from school and raping her <sec> the girl was abducted in january , police say .  the family attorney says there are other suspects .  the girl was found the next day crying and barely clothed .  the incident raised questions about philadelphia 's school security protoco .
 house gop outlines health care bill <sec> new : rep. eric cantor says plan keeps `` government out '' of health care market .  house republicans plan to release two-page summary of health care bill .  plan 's author says it 's important bill have `` common-sense approach '' .  neither democrats nor republicans have detailed how they would pay for proposal .
 opinion : why your burger should be grown in a lab <sec> a hamburger that cost $ 325,000 to create in a lab was served this week .  isha datar : it 's not ready for market but proves we can make meat through cell culture .  datar : cultured meat is good for the environment , safe , and it eliminates animal slaughter .  datar : it 's not funded by companies or government but by individuals and foundation .
 dennis rodman to go to n. korea next week for 'basketball diplomacy ' <sec> rodman and a documentary crew are scheduled to arrive on december 19 .  experts say it 's safe for them to travel there , and the trip wo n't be political , sponsor says .  sponsor : rodman will train a north korean team , does n't have plans to meet with kim jong un .  the players are training for `` the big bang in pyongyang , '' a game against former nba player .
 scout willis on why she went topless for instagram protest in new york <sec> scout willis , the daughter of bruce willis and demi moore , says she loved instagram .  she walked topless in new york city to protest the websites policy on breast photos .  her goal is that women should not be ashamed of their bodie .
 'hallelujah chorus ' not heavenly for california mall <sec> a massive fire shut down the mall in late october .  christmas singers clog the mall .  people in the food court report popping noises and floor movemen .
 report : apple experimenting with bigger iphone , ipad screens <sec> report : apple experimenting with bigger ipad , iphone screens .  wall street journal says giant 13-inch display considered for ipad .  apple often experiments with products that never get release .
 3 escaped inmates back in alabama jail <sec> all the escapees were captured separately on saturday , sunday and monday .  the inmates jumped a jailer , then fled on foot , the choctaw county sheriff says .  they were apparently picked up or had a vehicle waiting on highway near the jai .
 peace corps volunteer charged with sexual abuse of children in africa <sec> jesse osmun , 31 , worked at a preschool facility in greytown , south africa .  a criminal complaint alleges he molested at least five girls under the age of 6 .  he could be sentenced to 30 years in prison if found guilt .
 sabra hummus recalled over listeria concerns <sec> a random sample from a michigan store tested positive for listeria monocytogenes .  no illnesses caused by the hummus have been reported so fa .
 djokovic defeats cilic in china open final <sec> novak djokovic up to number three in the world after winning the china open .  the second-seeded serb defeats croat marin cilic 6-2 7-6 in sunday 's final .  frenchman jo-wilfried tsonga defeats mikhail youzhny in japan open fina .
 meet mitt romney 's new social network <sec> mitt romney 's new social media platform may be crucial to his presidential campaign .  mymitt lets supporters make donations , purchase campaign gear , make volunteer calls .  close to 100,000 romney supporters have created an account on mymitt .  republicans are taking a page from barack obama 's 2008 web platform , myb .
 terminally-ill reality tv star jade goody marries <sec> publicist : couple receive standing ovation , lots of tears , laughter , smiles .  british 'big brother ' star fast-tracked plans to get married after cancer spread .  shetty says she was invited to ceremony but unable due to film commitments .  charities report marked increase in public seeking details about conditio .
 china blocks new york times website after story on leader 's family wealth <sec> n.y. times : evidence shows wen 's relatives have controlled assets worth at least $ 2.7 billion .  `` it 's trying to blacken china 's image and has ulterior motives , '' a chinese spokesman says .  the story comes at a particularly delicate time for the ruling communist party .  official corruption is widespread in china , and the gap between rich and poor is growin .
 gen. john allen : a marine of distinction <sec> gen. allen 's stellar marine career makes it hard for those who know him to write him off .  allen has a habit of replying to every e-mail he gets , an official close to him says .  allen did not have an affair with jill kelley , the official says .  allen is a married father of two daughter .
 aj jacobs is planning the first global family reunion <sec> best-selling author a.j . .  jacobs is trying to build a family tree of the entire world .  he can show president obama is related to 44 u.s. senators , including republican ted cruz .  jacobs hopes to hold a global family reunion in june 2015 .  his goal is to break the guinness book of world records for family reunion .
 did obama answer these 5 questions on syria ? <sec> obama addressed the nation from the white house on tuesday night .  he addressed several key questions in a bid to sway public opinion .  poll : many think obama has not done a good job explaining the need to attack syria .  a russian proposal on syria 's chemical arms is affecting obama 's case for actio .
 actor anthony mackie arrested in nyc for alleged drunken driving <sec> actor anthony mackie is arrested in new york city , police say .  mackie was in the award-winning `` the hurt locker .
