 epic failure by washington sets us adrift <sec> gloria borger says the supreme court health care case is a symptom of what ails us .  one of the most important laws in decades was passed on purely partisan vote , she says .  now the court may deliver a verdict on the law along partisan lines , borger says .  borger : america wants congress to step up and address big problems effectivel .
 bill gates : control-alt-delete a mistake <sec> bill gates : ibm designer insisted on triple-key login on pcs for security reasons .  but gates says control-alt-delete was a `` mistake '' .  the designer credited with the shortcut has deflected responsibility .  gates made comments at a recent harvard university even .
 martin odegaard : the latest scandi-drama to grip europe <sec> 16-year-old martin odegaard has been snapped up by real madrid .  odegaard `` fever '' spreads across norway with hopes pinned on the youngster 's success .  `` it 's a dream come true '' says odegaard at the press conference on thursda .
 more pings raise more questions about missing plane <sec> new : u.s. navy commander : initial optimism over pulse signals becomes more cautious .  search officials call new pulse signals the best indication so far they are on the right track .  without wreckage from the missing plane , nothing is certain for now .  finding an answer will take time , officials war .
 new airbus beluga super transporter set for the skies <sec> airbus ' fleet of five beluga super transporters has been in service for over 20 years .  new model of beluga planned to enter service in 2020 .  new plane will be even larger and able to transport two a350 wings on same fligh .
 former ivory coast president in international court custody <sec> new : the former president 's initial court appearance is scheduled for monday .  the transfer of laurent gbagbo to the hague is `` illegal , '' his aide says .  a three-party coalition says it will boycott the elections .  gbagbo is `` the first former head of state taken into icc custody , '' human rights watch say .
 europe 's economic crisis <sec> if greece and spain have such different approaches to fiscal prudence , lisa tripp asks why both are in crisis ? .  something else is going on , she says : that something else , in large part , is the eur .
 polls open in myanmar for first election in 20 years <sec> riot police were seen stationed in some urban areas .  many people do n't know how to vote .  critics say voting is a sham aimed at creating a facade of democracy .  leading democracy activist aung san suu kyi has rejected votin .
 air new zealand to launch world 's first route for 787-9 dreamliner <sec> auckland-perth scheduled route will begin mid-2014 .  air new zealand is the boeing 787-9 dreamliner 's first customer .  airline 's economy cabins will feature 14 kiwi-designed skycouch row .
 is sarah palin teasing us again ? <sec> former gop vp nominee sarah palin is considering a run for senate in 2014 .  observer : running against palin in a primary is `` like running into a buzz saw '' .  palin 's popularity in alaska has tumbled .  if she decides to run , she 'd challenge democratic incumbent sen. mark begic .
 mobster 's girlfriend pleads not guilty to hiding bulger <sec> greig allegedly helped hide bulger for 15 years .  the couple was arrested in california in june .  bulger is accused in 19 murder .
 officials : more u.s. advisers being sent to iraq <sec> about 130 military u.s. advisers are being dispatched to iraq , officials say .  the advisers will be made up of marines and special operations forces .  `` this is not a combat boots on the ground operation , '' defense secretary says .  residents in baghdad riot following car bomb explosion , police officials sa .
 is your old t-shirt hurting african economies ? <sec> previously owned clothing is big business in africa .  but mass influx of second-hand clothes from the west damages local industries .  designers say cast-offs are preventing their businesses from growing .  several african countries have banned imports of second-hand clothe .
 energy crisis threatens u.s. survival , gore says <sec> renewable energy can bring equivalent of $ 1 a gallon gas , gore says .  al gore calls for electrical grid to be off carbon-based energy in 10 years .  gore has pushed for policies to reduce greenhouse gas emissions .  former vice president won nobel peace prize in 2007 for advocac .
 up to 100 feared missing after dr congo sinking <sec> who says an overloaded barge and a passenger boat collided near rapids .  according to survivors , close to 150 people were on board the boat .  local officials say 42 people have been rescued ; who says three bodies have been foun .
 stunning superyacht design inspired by nature 's hidden patterns <sec> `` voronoi '' superyacht has honeycomb exterior based on shapes found in natural world .  concept inspired by work of ukrainian mathematician who formalized pattern in diagram .  design also contains indoor swimming pool , botanical garden and even a golf rang .
 martin supporters rally in sanford , demand justice for teen 's killing <sec> martin 's parents join scores to remember their son at a miramar , florida , event .  naacp official urges demonstrators in sanford to turn anger into constructive action .  george zimmerman 's family say he killed martin in self-defense .  florida 's attorney general defends the special prosecutor in the martin cas .
 bitcoin your way to a double espresso <sec> a cafe in london has installed the country 's first bitcoin atm machine .  the machine takes money and dispenses bitcoin which is then used to buy cakes and coffees .  owner says the machine is one step further in controlling our own mone .
 who owns the moon ? it 's 'complicated , ' say experts <sec> 1967 u.n . .  outer space treaty says no government can claim the moon .  1979 u.n . .  moon agreement says lunar resources `` common heritage of mankind '' .  experts say treaties outdated , should be renegotiated .  companies and countries , including the u.s. and russia , planning lunar trip .
 next on revealed : diane von furstenberg <sec> in november , cnn 's revealed explores the life of diane von furstenberg .  the belgian designer wowed the fashion world with her simple wrap dress .  dvf became familiar initials used to sell anything from homeware to lipstick .  cnn 's revealed follows the designer backstage at a fashion show in florenc .
 report : next iphone could have curved screen <sec> the next iphone could have a curved display screen , according to a new report .  two models with larger screens are in the works , a source told bloomberg .  new phones would likely be released in the third quarter of next year , source said .  report : screens also would contain sensors that detect different levels of pressur .
 new weight-loss drug available <sec> a new drug , belviq , is available to overweight and obese patients .  the drug received fda approval nearly a year ago .  it works by activating a serotonin receptor in the brai .
 gadhafi camping in new jersey ? <sec> gadhafi travels with air-conditioned tent which he stays in .  rumored to be planning to pitch tent on front lawn of libyan mission house .  members of mostly orthodox jewish englewood are less than enthused .  mayor `` embarrassed as an american that a financier of terrorism is on u.s. soil .
 death toll in texas bus crash rises to 17 <sec> new : another passenger from bus crash in northern texas dies of injuries bus had a recapped tire on the right front , a federal investigator says .  the bus was operating illegally , federal agency says .  survivor describes chaos during and after acciden .
 disney 's magic kingdom raises prices <sec> disney 's magic kingdom prices are going up .  multi-day passes decrease per-day prices .  visitors will also see increases at epcot and other park .
 sam hamilton , fish and wildlife official , remembered as 'visionary ' <sec> hamilton had served the u.s . .  fish and wildlife service for more than 30 years .  interior secretary : hamilton had `` forward-thinking approach to conservation '' .  hamilton was on a mountain at a colorado ski resort when he complained of chest pain .
 inequality : time for grown-up debate <sec> jeff greene : people from indianapolis to indonesia competing for some of same work .  u.s. economy needs over-arching policy to promote lifelong learning , he say .
 serena to play zvonareva in wimbledon final <sec> serena williams to take on vera zvonareva in women 's singles final at wimbledon .  top seed williams beats unseeded czech petra kvitova 7-6 6-2 .  21st seed zvonareva of russia saw off bulgarian outside tsvetana pironkova in three set .
 beyond black friday : global shopping 'holidays ' <sec> thanksgiving has spurred businesses to create versions of black friday 's globally .  artificially-engineered days that promise love , happiness and profits through retail therapy .  a day to trump them all has also taken shape to counter the global consume .
 fiscal cliff delays holiday homecoming for congress <sec> legislators head home for the weekend , but they 'll be back .  fiscal cliff negotiations will continue next week .  president obama and speaker boehner had a `` frank '' meeting thursday .  without a deal , americans face higher taxes next yea .
 what they 're saying about samsung 's galaxy gear smartwatch <sec> samsung introduces galaxy gear smartwatch .  the $ 299 watch will be available in 140 countries late this month and in october .  on first impression , reviewers say it 's a significant step forward .  some critics worry its price , sluggish apps may dampen sale .
 apple settles suit over in-game itunes purchases by kids <sec> apple settles lawsuit over in-game itunes purchases by kids .  parents claimed kids racked up huge bills for `` freemium '' games like `` tapfish '' .  apple will offer credits or cash refunds for people who can show their bills .  anyone can get $ 5 in itunes credit , and parents with bigger claims can receive mor .
 u.s. astronaut , russian cosmonauts arrive on earth <sec> nasa : the soyuz spacecraft has returned to earth from the international space station .  one american and two russians will land just before midnight .  russian soyuz space modules have proven very reliable .  it is the standard transportation mode to the iss after a deadly space shuttle cras .
 instagram and the rise of photo apps <sec> facebook 's instagram purchase shines light on emerging mobile photo market .  instagram had racked up more than 30 million users in a year and a half .  photogs say the appeal is in making simple photos look fancy with little effort .  apps like cinemagram , piictu , pixable and hipstamatic also stand to gai .
 would you wear this to work ? power dressing beyond shoulder pads <sec> how do women dress to impress in the workplace ? .  look back at a century of ( sometimes outrageous ) office fashion .  from ww2 uniforms , to 1950s princess dresses , and modern day suits .  female fashion designers created signature pieces -- but still have a way to g .
 roger goodell faces criticism after rice video <sec> commissioner roger goodell tells cbs that the league was unable to obtain in-elevator video .  current and ex-players slam nfl commissioner for how he handled ray rice case .  rice was seen in a newly released video punching out his then-fiancã©e on an elevator .  before the video , rice was suspended two games and fine .
 illness sidetracks ozzy 's 'crazy train ' <sec> osbourne is promoting his 2010 release `` scream '' .  the heavy metal artist has sold 29 million albums .  osbourne started in black sabbat .
 squatting nanny says she is no nightmare <sec> nanny says she was exploited and overworked by the family .  in radio interview , nanny says she was n't fired , she quit and gave 30 days ' notice .  a california judge ruled in favor of the nanny as a tenant in the hom .
 flight attendants : a career evolution <sec> delta flight attendants describe how their jobs changed over the years .  for more than two decades , flight attendants could not be married .  delta allowed men to become flight attendants in 197 .
 french-led forces seize tessalit in northern mali <sec> new : special forces parachuted in to secure the airport .  a suicide bomber kills a soldier at a checkpoint in goa .  france launched an offensive last month against militants in its former colon .
 dreamliner 's growing pains not unusual for new airplanes , experts say <sec> it 's normal for new aircraft to have problems in their first year of flight , experts say .  both the airbus a380 and the boeing 747 went through growing pains when they were introduced .  the trend of electronically sophisticated aircraft that essentially fly themselves is likely to continu .
 will mobile kill digital advertising ? <sec> `` many reasons to feel optimistic about mobile 's benefit to advertisers , '' writes hospital .  hospital : we expect web apps usage to continue to grow with html5 penetration .  mobile will challenge digital and erode budgets . .  but it should not kill it , says hospita .
 radar problems foil missile defense test <sec> test missile fired from pacific atoll .  interceptor fired from california base .  problem with sea-based radar led to test failure , defense department say .
 legendary mexican comedian roberto gomez bolanos dies <sec> known as `` chespirito , '' gomez bolanos was also a writer , actor , director and producer .  president says his work `` transcended generations and borders '' .  his two most famous tv characters were a superhero and an orphan bo .
 when a monkey takes a selfie ... <sec> danny cevallos : photog whose camera used in viral monkey selfie wants it off wikipedia .  photo is uncopyrightable , says wikipedia because animals ca n't own copyright . .  but can they ? .  u.s. copyright law holds work must be in tangible medium , be original and have author .  cevallos : animals are n't authors . .  this selfie does n't qualify for copyright protectio .
 d.c. same-sex marriage law takes effect this week <sec> new : u.s. supreme court refuses to stop enforcement of same-sex marriage law .  new : court should defer to local matters in the district , chief justice john roberts says .  same-sex couples in the district of columbia will be able to apply for marriage licenses .  mayor in december signed a measure recognizing same-sex marriages as lega .
 pastor says armed militia to protect church during quran-burning event <sec> the right wing extreme is described as an armed christian organization .  the organization says islam is a `` violent cult '' .  the group will provide protection for `` international burn a quran day '' on september 1 .
 'say a little prayer ' for dionne warwick -- she 's bankrupt <sec> her tax woes stem from `` negligent and gross financial mismanagement , '' publicist says .  warwick is down to her last $ 1,000 in cash , but owes $ 10.7 million .  most of her debt is for taxes owed from the 1990s , court documents say .  success began in in 1962 with `` do n't make me over , '' followed by 18 straight top 100 hit .
 longer lashes courtesy of the fda ? <sec> newly fda-approved latisse promises to thicken , darken and lengthen lashes .  latisse contains compound also found in glaucoma medicine .  patients using that medicine had increased eyelash growth .  drawbacks include dry and red eyes , darkening around lash line and high pric .
 tough choices : how to win against isis <sec> white house hosted summit this week on countering extremism .  aaron david miller : fight against isis will be won on the groun .
 what israelis care about on election day <sec> israel holds parliamentary elections on tuesday .  jonathan rynhold : despite polls , peace and security key issu .
 10 year sentences bring fears for myanmar press freedom <sec> five magazine staffers in myanmar have been sentenced to a decade of hard labor .  observers say it marks a return to old ways following a couple of years of promising reforms .  the sentences have been criticized around the world as `` outrageously harsh '' .  the magazine , since shuttered , had run stories about the production of chemical weapon .
 flashy miami has unpretentious local flavor , too <sec> miamians line up for cuban coffee at david 's cafe .  joe allen serves fresh comfort food on the biscayne bay side of miami beach .  garcia 's seafood grille and fish market offers its own freshly caught fis .
 supreme court countdown : big rulings coming <sec> the supreme court will rule on several critical cases .  decisions on affirmative action , voting rights and same-sex marriage are due .  they could come as early as monday or as late as the end of the mont .
 five great travel booking sites <sec> budget travel editors identify their favorite travel booking sites .  on priceline.com they get the best results bidding for upscale hotels in big cities .  venere.com spotlights independently owned properties oversea .
 'blair witch ' actress heather donahue quit acting to grow pot <sec> heather donahue memorably filmed herself crying in terror in `` the blair witch project '' .  she quit acting and followed her then boyfriend into a new life of growing marijuana .  donahue ended up living for a year in nuggettown , californi .
 fanny smith : ski cross champion defies odds in quest for olympic gold <sec> swiss ski cross star fanny smith going for gold at 2014 winter olympics .  smith suffered serious knee injury in 2011 and was told she would n't race again .  now 21 , smith defied odds returning in 2012-13 season to win world cup title .  reigning world champion inspired by enduring career of tennis star roger federe .
 report : military hospitals not adequately checking doctor credentials <sec> congress called for the general accountability office report after the fort hood shootings .  the report urges the defense department to speed efforts to revise the review process .  the military says its centralized system will be delayed without adequate fundin .
 no deal on iran 's nuclear program , despite 'concrete progress ' <sec> u.s. secretary of state says `` diplomacy takes time '' .  iran 's foreign minister says the meetings are `` something that we can build on '' .  eu official : `` concrete progress has been achieved , but ... differences remain '' .  this marks the latest movement after years of stalemate on iran 's nuclear progra .
 doctors competed to give michael jackson drugs , debbie rowe testifies <sec> new : debbie rowe describes 2 instances when jackson used propofol for sleep .  `` doctors took advantage '' of michael jackson because of his pain , rowe testifies .  rowe is the mother of jackson 's two oldest children .  aeg live contends jackson secretly used propofol for years to treat his insomni .
 execution of web programmer in iran may be imminent <sec> saeed malekpour wrote a computer program to upload photos to the internet .  iranian authorities claim someone else used the program to upload pornography .  rights groups call for the programmer 's releas .
 online , there 's a fine line between searching and stalking <sec> our netiquette columnists answer users ' questions about stalking on the web .  is it ok to admit to your mutual friends that you searched for your ex on facebook ? .  how do you approach the cutie you met in person once you find him/her on the web .
 gabon arrests 5 for trafficking in illegal animal parts <sec> authorities confiscated parts from gorillas , chimps , leopards and more .  five suspects are being held in gabon 's capital , libreville .  if convicted , they could receive up to six months in jail .  their next hearing is january 2 .
 'mission : impossible - ghost protocol ' : a sleight-of-hand thriller <sec> `` ghost protocol '' brims with scenes that are exciting and amazing at the same time .  tom cruise plays imf agent ethan hunt in the flick .  `` ghost protocol '' is fast and explosive , but it 's also a supremely clever sleight-of-hand thrille .
