 al qaeda group threatens yemeni troop executions <sec> al qaeda in the arabian peninsula vows to kill 73 yemeni troops .  it wants the government to release al qaeda prisoners .  the government rejects the demands .  al qaeda has killed around 200 troops in the past wee .
 world cup : 11 prospects to keep an eye on <sec> spotting the stars of tomorrow is part of the fun of the world cup .  players who perform well can expect to be snapped up by big clubs for the next season .  here are 11 who impressed , and who 'll be making their mark in years to com .
 greg norman : the great white shark still has his bite <sec> australian golfer spent 331 weeks as world number 1 ; won two british open titles .  his business ventures include golf course design and restaurants .  married to retired american tennis star chris evert .  looking to china to expand his great white shark brand businesse .
 doctor interested in seeing kids not kidney , lawyer says <sec> new york doctor , soon-to-be-ex-wife fighting over kidney he gave her in 2001 .  doctor tells cnn 's larry king `` real issue '' is to get his children back .  doctor says he hopes case will not deter organ donatio .
 garissa : al-shabaab 's blood legacy with kenya <sec> to understand thursday 's attack , one must understand that kenya and al-shabaab are at war .  al qaeda 's 1998 attack on the u.s. embassy is the single largest , but al-shabaab have killed many more kenyan .
 underground supper clubs a delicious discovery <sec> underground supper clubs started in food-centric cities like san francisco .  now there are more than 80 clubs up and running in the u.s . .  chefs operating out of their own kitchens without licenses to serve the public .  they have to keep the locales , and their own identities , under wrap .
 fifa compromise over english soccer 's poppy request <sec> fifa allows england to wear poppy symbol during international with spain .  the british public wears poppies to honor members of the armed forces who have died in conflict .  fifa bans political , religious or commercial messages on shirts but agreed to compromise .  uk prime minister david cameron wrote to fifa to contest their original decisio .
 party : suu kyi wins myanmar election <sec> new : a party spokesman says suu kyi has won .  the balance of power will not change even if the opposition wins all 45 seats .  official results may be known monday .  the vote is nevertheless a symbolic victory for man .
 the flower men of india <sec> malik ghat is a wholesale flower market in india that attracts more than 2,000 sellers each day .  photographer ken hermann spent 10 days at the market photographing his project `` flower man .
 obama aims to reassure asia allies <sec> president heads out on four-nation tour to convince allies the u.s. is focused on them .  the trip will include stops in japan , south korea , malaysia and the philippines .  obama likely to express support for families of victims from korean ferry disaster .  president not expected to criticize malaysia over handling of flight 370 disappearanc .
 university of south carolina grieves <sec> university to hold ceremony honoring the six usc students .  sorority to have ministers and other counselors available .  group urges members to make sure families know they 're o .
 pakistani voters cast ballots a day after political leader 's slaying <sec> new : family and friends bury zahra shahid hussain .  the pakistani political leader was killed outside her home in karachi .  the rival mqm party denies responsibility and condemns the killing .  a revote is held in parts of karachi after vote-rigging accusation .
 what we know , do n't know about freddie gray 's death <sec> gray was arrested on a weapons charge april 12 ; he was dead seven days later .  gray was placed inside a police van after his arrest ; it 's unclear if anything happened inside the van .  gray has a criminal history but it 's unclear whether that had anything to do with his arrest , or deat .
 adam scott : beware the sick golfer <sec> adam scott tied the course record with an opening round of 62 .  australian made seven birdies , two eagles and one bogey .  masters champion had been suffering with flu-like symptoms .  tiger woods absent from tournament with back proble .
 helping 'kliptown ' kids take control of their future <sec> an after-school program is giving poor south african kids a shot out of poverty .  the kliptown youth program uses education as a tool for empowerment .  director thulani madondo : `` we 're making kids earn whatever they get '' .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2013 cnn heroe .
 iraq violence disrupts opec agenda <sec> opec is meeting to discuss oil production , including rising output from iran and iraq .  production in libya , meanwhile , has dropped as chaos reigns in the east of the country .  uncertainty in the middle east is enabling opec to delay tough decisions , john defterios say .
 what jihadis plan for women <sec> frida ghitis : isis and other jihadi groups see women as crucial in role of caliphate they want to create .  she says the groups want to enslave women , tie them to a long outdated view of how society should wor .
 cnn student news transcript : april 12 , 2011 <sec> find out why the civil war in ivory coast is coming to an end .  consider a controversial new law in france that bans the burqa .  examine a crucial moment that 's looming for the u.s. debt ceiling .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 cathy lanier : from teen mom to dc 's top cop <sec> lanier has come as far in her personal life as she has in her professional life .  she has been on the dc police force since 1990 , rising through the ranks .  chief is humble and uses her back story to motivate youth in washingto .
 mexican authorities : more members of drug gang arrested <sec> arrests part of a string of high-level apprehensions targeting mexican drug cartel .  la familia michoacana suspected in slayings of 12 federal police officers this month .  man accused of being group 's bookkeeper arrested tuesday , authorities sa .
 police : 4 dead after man opens fire in 2 dallas-area homes <sec> police say man killed four women ; one was a girlfriend , another an estranged wife .  they identify the suspected gunman as 44-year-old erbie bowser .  the shootings happened at two dallas-area homes .  three teens and an 11-year-old boy were hurt in shooting .
 bulger killing anger revived as killer back in custody <sec> jon venables back in police custody after breaching conditions of his release .  venables and robert thompson were just ten years old when they murdered james bulger .  two-year-old was tortured before his body was dumped on a railway track .  killers ' release in 2001 after just eight years provoked public outrag .
 israel 's foreign minister avigdor liberman returns to office <sec> avigdor liberman was sworn in as israel 's foreign minister again on monday .  on november 6 , a court acquitted him of breach of trust and fraud charges .  liberman had resigned as foreign minister in december 2012 to face the charges .  prime minister benjamin netanyahu held the position open for liberman 's retur .
 10,000 bone fragments found in former argentine detention center <sec> remains believed to be human ; number of bodies unknown , officials say .  detention center among those used in argentina 's 1976-1983 `` dirty war '' .  tens of thousands said to have been abducted , killed during `` dirty war .
 mccain encouraging graham to run for president - cnnpolitics.com <sec> sens . .  john mccain and lindsey graham , both republicans , have long been hawkish allies .  graham unofficially launched talk about him running for president in an october interview .  mccain said in an interview published monday that he 's encouraging graham to ru .
 when breast cancer tests get it wrong <sec> myriad genetics owns the patent on breast cancer genes .  myriad offers one test that catches most abnormalities , then charges $ 700 for second .  company defends bart test , based on separate technolog .
 florida gov . rick scott stalls debate over foe 's fan <sec> rick scott refuses to participate in a debate because his opponent had a fan on stage .  the florida governor eventually relents , joining the debate after seven minutes .  former gov . .  charlie crist , set up a small electric fan underneath his podiu .
 laid-off workers find fulfillment in new careers <sec> some people make the most of a job loss by pursuing careers they 've always wanted .  a michigan program helps fund a woman 's nursing education after job loss .  former gm employee becomes the oldest intern at a mayor 's office .  several government web sites can help you change careers , fund educatio .
 lawyer for american man held in aruba says client should be let go <sec> gary giordano is being held in connection with robyn gardner 's disappearance .  his lawyer , michael lopez , says giordano has not committed a felony .  lopez insists his client is cooperating in the investigatio .
 kenya restaurant owner arrested after 'no africans ' row <sec> a chinese-owned restaurant in nairobi was criticized for having discriminatory policies barring black africans .  owner arrested after licensing violations discovered .  restaurant shut down by county officials .  kenyan twitter and facebook users criticized the establishmen .
 colorado governor signs gun control measures <sec> governor signs gun-control bills in long-conservative colorado .  gun-rights advocates call the measures unenforceable feel-good measure .
 insider tips to make the most of miami <sec> miami is a sprawling city -- you 'll need a car if you want to explore it .  hotel prices can fluctuate wildly between low season and high season .  take a day trip to the everglades or spend some time in the florida key .
 egyptologists fear for relics amid unrest <sec> egyptian official : the army is protecting sites and museums .  experts believe egyptians ' national pride will help protect valuable artifacts .  but egyptologists do n't know what the future will hold .  citizens helped apprehend looters at the cairo museu .
 lavish and sleek : kenya 's prime property market boom <sec> kenya 's prime housing market saw the biggest price increase globally last year , a report has found .  the country 's market offers top returns to investors , estate agents say .  but international buyers have been slow to dive into the market , partly due to security reasons .  analysts say uncertainty about elections and high interest rates may also hamper growt .
 the business behind the visit <sec> saudi arabia is the uk 's largest trading partner in the middle east .  britain is also the second largest foreign investor in the kingdom .  the uk has been one of the top five exporters to saudi arabia since the 1990s .  exports to britain are expected to reach a record high in the non-oil secto .
 obama signs debt ceiling bill , ends crisis <sec> new : geithner calls the deal a good result of a terrible process .  moody 's maintains an aaa rating for u.s. credit , for now .  obama signs the debt ceiling bill into law .  cnn/orc poll shows 44 % of americans approve of the deal ; 52 % disapprov .
 victim : revenge in iran acid attack is 'not worth it ' <sec> new : ameneh bahrami says she `` never intended '' to have her attacker blinded .  new : she is fighting for the full amount she is owed as restitution .  a court convicted majid movahedi of the acid attack in 2008 .  movahedi carried out the attack after the victim had rejected his advances for two year .
 american samoans should be citizens ( opinion ) <sec> emy afalava is a loyal american and decorated veteran ; he 's also an american samoan .  sam erman and nathan perl-rosenthal : it is outrageous that he and others like him are denied citizenshi .
 arcade fire 's manager responds to grammy awards conspiracy theories <sec> rodger says arcade fire performed last because ratings are lower at the end of the broadcast .  he wrote that he would have preferred if the band had played earlier in the program .  rodger also insisted that the band 's second performance was not part of a `` big plot .
 4 french journalists freed after 10 months held hostage in syria <sec> four french journalists held in syria since june are free , french president 's office says .  the four men are in good health despite the tough conditions they endured in captivity , it says .  the journalists are now in turkey and are expected back in france in the coming hours .  two of them worked for europe 1 ; its ceo spoke of his `` immense joy '' at the release of all fou .
 election commission rules edwards must pay back $ 2.3 million <sec> an fec audit showed edwards ' campaign exceeded its matching funds .  the commission ruled he must pay back $ 2.3 million .  the matter is separate from a criminal case proceeding against edward .
 serving the electorate ? tennis star courts the kremlin <sec> russian tennis player anna chakvetadze is standing for russian parliament .  the 24-year-old has struggled with injuries and illness in 2011 .  she is hoping to boost sport 's profile with the fringe right cause party .  party has been called a puppet of kremlin , but she says it can make a differenc .
 amateurs beat hollywood to make first edward snowden movie <sec> group of amateur filmmakers in hong kong made thriller about snowden 's time in the city .  despite limited budget and time , five-minute film attracted over 43,000 youtube views in first week .  crew found snowden lookalike and rented room in same hotel that snowden stayed in .  film was intended as homage to city of hong kong , rather than only snowden 's stor .
 justin rose sees off shawn stefani at congressional <sec> justin rose beats shawn stefani to win the quicken loans national .  the briton 's victory at congressional is his first since winning the 2013 u.s. open .  despite playoff loss , world no . .  246 stefani secures qualification for the british open .  the british open will take place at hoylake and will get under way on july 1 .
 sick girl gets 'lifetime ' of christmas cards <sec> strangers from around the world are sending holiday cards to 6-year-old addie fausett .  her family wanted a lifetime of cards for her after a gloomy prognosis .  addie 's condition is undiagnosed , but cerebral atrophy is one of the symptom .
 syrian regime gets bloody nose from resistance <sec> the free syrian army was formed last summer by military defectors .  coordinating operations is a work in progress , observers say .  many weapons are purchased from syrian soldiers .  the fsa sees an iran and hezbollah presence in syri .
 maestro lorin maazel dead at 84 <sec> lorin maazel conducted more than 150 orchestras in at least 5,000 performances .  he began his public career when he was just 8 .  maestro maazel conducted the new york philharmonic in north korea in 200 .
 trooper who leaked boston bomber pictures retires with 'no regrets ' <sec> sgt . .  sean murphy says he does n't regret leaking photos of a boston bombing suspect .  photos , not controversial rolling stone cover , revealed `` the true image of terror , '' he says .  murphy , a 25-year police veteran , says he does n't know what his next move i .
 va secretary eric shinseki orders face-to-face audit at all clinics <sec> obama still has `` complete confidence '' in shinseki , spokesman says .  boehner `` not ready '' to ask for shinseki 's ouster ; calls va 's problems `` systemic '' .  house panel votes to subpoena shinseki after cnn reports on veterans waiting for treatment .  cnn exclusively reported veterans dying while on wait list in phoenix , arizon .
 dreamliners grounded globally due to fire risk <sec> governments , airlines ground their dreamliners over fire risk .  action follows directive from u.s. authorities to not fly plane pending investigation .  boeing says the company is confident that the planes are safe .  the moves follow an emergency landing in japan and fire aboard a 787 in bosto .
 italy 's navy rescues 6,000 migrants in four days , u.n. agency says <sec> the migrants were picked up from more than 40 overcrowded boats in the mediterranean .  about 18,000 people have arrived by sea in italy so far this year , the unhcr says .  last year , nearly 43,000 migrants reached italy , more than a quarter of them from syri .
 u.n. funding called vital for war-torn somalia <sec> u.n. coordinator details dire situation in somalia .  one in five somali children are undernourished .  african country still free of polio .  international funding called critical for somali .
 harrowing stories emerge from storm 's aftermath <sec> new : death toll from south 's latest tornado outbreak tweaked to 337 .  storms causes at least $ 2 billion in insured losses , catastrophe expert firm says .  deadliest single day from tornadoes was in 1925 when 747 people die .
 as repression in egypt grows , u.s. must back fair vote <sec> cynthia schneider , khaled abol naga : ahead of vote , egypt moving toward repression again .  they say military cracking down on rights groups , making new election laws and arrests .  they say u.s. gave aid hoping it would buy cooperation from military ; it has emboldened it .  writers : u.s. forfeited trust of egyptian people by allying with military ; it must change approac .
 how google 's calico aims to fight aging and 'solve death ' <sec> google 's new company calico will 'tackle aging and illness ' .  many believe that calico will take a 'big-data ' approach to speed the way to health care discoveries .  exploratory disciplines including cryonics , cloning and nanotechnology hope to extend human lif .
 princess haya : equestrian 's olympic savior moving on <sec> princess haya steps down as leader of world horse sport this winter .  jordanian royal competed in showjumping at sydney olympics .  one of few female leaders at the highest level of olympic sport .  equestrian among sports facing fight to preserve olympic statu .
 d.c. hotel lobbies : rub elbows with power brokers <sec> sip a mint julep at the willard intercontinental 's round robin bar .  join white house politicos for a drink at off the record in the hay-adams hotel .  try a custom cocktail at bar at st. regi .
 opinion : obamacare and the failure of half-baked liberalism <sec> julian zelizer says rollout of obama 's health care plan has been filled with problems .  he says the affordable care act was product of timid liberalism , a trend in past decades .  zelizer : liberals have shied away from arguing strongly for government solutions .  programs such as obamacare are complex , require cooperation of states , private industry , he say .
 nfl commissioner roger goodell is n't a newcomer to controversy <sec> controversies have peppered roger goodell 's career as nfl commissioner .  past controversies : michael vick , ben roethlisberger and concussion lawsuits .  robert mueller to lead inquest into how nfl handled its investigation into rice case .  national organization for women wants goodell to resig .
 protecting villagers from deadly mudslides <sec> anne hallum is helping rural guatemalans prevent mudslide tragedies .  through her nonprofit , hallum is showing villagers how some trees can provide protection .  the group also provides educational resources and agricultural know-how .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2011 cnn heroe .
 samsung teases new products at 'premiere ' event <sec> samsung announces `` premiere '' event for june 20 in london .  company 's galaxy and ativ lines are the topic .  leaks suggest a smaller galaxy s4 smartphone may be comin .
 big threats , questions in europe 's anti-terrorism fight <sec> european authorities are busy after last week 's terror attacks in france .  there 's been a raid in belgium and arrests around europe .  officials are trying to assess the nature of the threat .
 nyc police killer 's mother 'deeply sorry ' <sec> police killer 's mother : 'i am deeply sorry ' .  her son was 'spiraling out of control , ' she tells a cnn affiliate .  nyc mayor vows to stand by officers ' families in `` unspeakable pain '' .  investigators probe how brinsley got the gun he use .
 study : coffee fights bad breath <sec> a new study surprised researchers when it found coffee can lead to good breath .  the study in tel aviv , israel , was meant to prove coffee leads to bad breath .  the lead researcher is now thinking about creating a coffee-based mouthwas .
