 obamacare sign-up delayed -- for 2015 <sec> white house spokesman jay carney denies the change is related to midterm elections .  health officials want to give insurers , consumers and it pros more time to learn from mistakes .  the delay wo n't affect 2014 coverage or sign-ups .  president obama 's approval rating has taken a beating over the glitches in the affordable care ac .
 officials : militants target pakistan army base in attack that leaves at least 35 dead <sec> new : at least 13 soldiers and paramilitary personnel are killed in the attack .  the pakistani taliban claims responsibility for the attack .  after militants raided the army base , a gun battle lasted for hours .  10 civilians are dead after one a suicide bomber entered a nearby hous .
 ouattara versus gbagbo : good versus evil ? <sec> the international criminal court is poised to investigate laurent gbagbo .  but human rights monitors accuse pro-ouattara forces of atrocities as well .  they want ouattara to conduct a probe into the crimes without delay .  ensuring justice in ivory coast will be critical to its future , experts sa .
 immigrants or refugees ? it makes a difference <sec> there is an important political distinction in calling the surge of migrant children `` refugees '' .  partisan bickering over immigration is part of why u.s. is reluctant to coalesce on the issue .  un , humanitarian groups want central american immigrant kids treated as refugees .  white house calls it humanitarian crisis and approaches it with immigration-related solution .
 skepticism of russia-ukraine ceasefire talks <sec> putin may face consequences but u.s. wo n't go to `` war '' with russia , hagel says .  vladimir putin presents a series of steps he says would restore peace to ukraine .  obama says a peaceful europe `` is threatened by russia 's aggression against ukraine '' .  putin spokesman says russia ca n't agree to a ceasefire because it 's not party in conflic .
 'jurassic world ' trailer : dinosaurs and chris pratt <sec> fourth `` jurassic park '' movie releases a trailer .  the latest installment stars chris pratt and bryce dallas howard .  a genetically modified dinosaur is the big threat here but is n't see .
 syrian kurds warn of mounting crisis as isis advances <sec> new : group says isis has taken over 60 kurdish villages in three days .  u.s. official says it will take months to train and vet syrian rebels who will take part .  kurdish leaders warn of humanitarian crisis without international help .  turkey opens border for kurdish refugees in northern syri .
 children 's flu drug in short supply <sec> there are temporary delays in new shipments of tamiflu , the drug maker says .  this is the only flu drug approved for infants .  pharmacists can make a compound with the capsule version , which is in good suppl .
 on 40th anniversary of chile coup , divisions remain <sec> wednesday is the 40th anniversary of the coup that ousted salvador allende .  a military dictatorship ruled for the next 17 years .  divides still exist over how to deal with the past .  some want to move forward , others want to study the pas .
 chef nigella lawson slams drug claims as ex-aides are cleared of fraud <sec> new : police say they have no plans at this stage to investigate claims of drug use .  nigella lawson slams drug claims , says she 's victim of a campaign to ruin her reputation .  elisabetta and francesca grillo are cleared of defrauding lawson and her ex-husband .  grillos ' lawyer : `` this has been a long , hard fight played out in the gaze of the world 's media .
 frankel legacy : the million dollar foal ? <sec> mare song produces first filly to superstar stallion frankel .  anticipated 130 foals will be born to frankel in 2014 .  song owned by khalid abdul rahim of bahrai .
 hong kong property : now time to buy ? <sec> hong kong property sales fell 60 % in april 2013 year-on-year .  government policies aimed at short term investors , mainland chinese taking effect .  fall in sales volumes hit both residential and commercial properties .  analyst : average property prices fell 2-3 % since march ; may fall no more than 10 .
 campaign fund manager for california democrats charged with mail fraud <sec> kinde durkee is a prominent campaign fund manager for california democrats .  she has been charged with two counts of mail fraud .  she is accused of misappropriating $ 677,181 in campaign funds .  the fbi accuses her of spending other clients ' money on personal expense .
 wayman tisdale , basketball star and musician , dies <sec> new : former teammates and friends mourn `` the nicest man in the world '' .  wayman tisdale was college and pro basketball star , later jazz bassist .  tisdale had two-year battle with cancer ; he was 44 when he died friday .  death called `` a complete shock '' ; tisdale was about to record with norman brow .
 how the latest chemical weapons claim differs from others <sec> british intelligence cites 15 such attacks since 2012 .  `` a clear pattern of regime use , '' says the intelligence committee head .  the august 21 incident poses `` a very , very compelling case '' .  but skeptics abound -- remember iraq 's wmd .
 israeli troops complete gaza withdrawal <sec> israel says it has removed its troops from gaza after three-week offensive .  both israel , hamas have declared victory in conflict .  u.n. secretary-general ban ki-moon criticized both sides for fighting .  more than 1,300 people have died in gaza operatio .
 get happy in the world 's happiest countries <sec> the world happiness report highlights the happiest countries .  people live longer and experience more generosity and social support in these counties .  the united nations first declared a world happiness day in 201 .
 taiwan citizens get vouchers to go shopping <sec> malls flooded with shoppers .  president ma ying-jeou picks up vouchers for all four members of his family .  voucher a combination of lunar new year 's gift and economic stimulus packag .
 champions league : lionel messi breaks goalscoring record <sec> lionel messi becomes top scorer in champions league history .  barcelona star scores hat-trick against apoel nicosia .  messi broke the previous 71-goal record held by raul .  luis suarez scores first goal for barcelon .
 court shoots down same-sex marriage law in canberra , australia <sec> a law in canberra , australia , allowing same-sex marriage is declared invalid .  a court says a federal act , which does n't permit same-sex marriage , takes precedence .  activists say the decision is `` devastating '' for the couples who got married .  they vow to lobby the national parliament to change federal legislatio .
 could justin bieber be deported ? <sec> immigration lawyers say it 's unlikely justin bieber will face deportation .  if he 's charged with and convicted of drug offenses , that could change the equation .  the 19-year-old canadian citizen faces misdemeanor charges in florida .  california authorities are weighing whether to charge him with felony vandalis .
 obama wins hearts , not minds , in berlin <sec> german papers agree that barack obama won hearts with berlin speech .  der tagesspiegel : obama 's speech a `` signal of a new era for a new generation '' .  but question marks hang over white house contender 's motives .  papers say obama will demand more german troops for afghanista .
 arizona students speak out on immigration law <sec> university of arizona students crafting petition against senate bill 1070 .  dozens of protests have been held nationwide since bill was signed .  even students in favor of immigration reform call measure ill-conceive .
 expert on asiana airlines flight 214 crash : seemed to lose power <sec> witnesses describe hearing a `` boom '' as the flight from seoul landed short .  tilmon : `` pilot did not have enough power available to correct the rate of descent '' .  a british airways boeing 777 landed short at london heathrow in 2008 due to ice in fuel .  curtis : information from crew about moments before landing will be critica .
 how obsidian stone-age knives still cut it in surgery <sec> obsidian can produce cutting edges many times finer than even the best steel scalpels .  some surgeons still use the blades in procedures toda .
 obamacare : it 's about government 's role , future elections - cnnpolitics.com <sec> obamacare and immigration reform could boost democrats for a generation or more .  parties in power always try to use policy to secure future voter support .  ideology aside , republicans know health care , immigration reforms help democrats .  gop attacks focus on the health care law , not just website woe .
 commentary : stand up for justice for immigrant <sec> gladys limón : luis ramirez was beaten to death in shenandoah , pennsylvania .  limón says acquittal of two defendants on most charges was an injustice .  limón : u.s. justice department should bring charges in the cas .
 opinion : why are black murder victims put on trial ? <sec> renisha mcbride , black teen , was shot dead after knocking on a white homeowner 's door .  family says she needed help ; homeowner says he feared she was breaking in .  lz : if a black man said he shot unarmed white girl in the face in `` self defense '' he would be in jail .  lz : our culture `` looks at a black corpse and puts it , instead of the perpetrator , on trial .
 pastor maldonado : the racer hugo chavez banked oil money on <sec> formula one is attracting state funding form nations such as venezuela and russia .  pastor maldonado says being sponsored by venezuelan money is `` a huge responsibility '' .  the williams driver was personally encouraged into f1 by late president hugo chavez .  maldonado has set up a foundation to fund next venezuelan f1 drive .
 is india getting nostalgic over russia ties ? <sec> barack obama arrives for a visit in india this weekend .  ray vickery : since cold war , russia largely missing in action over indi .
 mumbai terror attacks trial suspended <sec> main suspect 's lawyer removed as she represents a witness in the case .  trial was to start wednesday , unclear when court proceedings will resume .  mohammed ajmal kasab , 21 , is accused of being the only gunmen to survive siege .  the november siege targeted victims at mumbai hotels , hospitals , railway station .
 'agents of s.h.i.e.l.d ' debuts pilot at comic-con <sec> `` agents of s.h.i.e.l.d '' is new tv series based on marvel films .  director joss whedon debuted the pilot episode at comic-con .  whedon teased that other marvel characters may cameo on sho .
 firefighter arrives to find own house in flames <sec> the firefighter 's wife and kids escape unharmed .  a pickup truck driver had crashed into a gas line at the house .  cosgrove was named firefighter of the year in 201 .
 top summer food destinations <sec> croatia 's 1,390-square-mile northern peninsula is known for its freshly caught seafood .  in farm-to-table focused oregon , foodies hone in on heirloom tomatoes .  restaurant access alone defines summer dining to many new yorker .
 u.s. embassy terror plot uncovered <sec> authorities uncover a radical islamic terror plot against the u.s. embassy in baku .  the united states has reduced its embassy 's operations .  britain also shut its embassy in baku to the public on monda .
 civil war relics shut down university building <sec> civil war relics at kennesaw state university were deemed potentially hazardous .  officials evacuated the building as a precaution .  a bomb squad removed the questionable relic .
 6 kenyans to appear at the hague on 'crimes against humanity ' charges <sec> the six are accused of organizing violence that left more than 1,000 dead .  the violence pitted supporters of two political parties following a disputed election .  kenya has challenged the jurisdiction of the netherlands-based cour .
 farrah fawcett hospitalized in cancer battle <sec> new : farrah fawcett not unconscious , unresponsive or comatose , says producer .  actress in los angeles hospital battling cancer .  actress diagnosed with disease in 2006 ; after remission , cancer recurred in 2007 .  fawcett best known for 1970s pinup poster , role in `` charlie 's angels '' tv serie .
 coup leader names himself guinea president <sec> new : capt . .  moussa dadis camara named de facto president of guinea .  coup leaders impose overnight curfew ; government , constitution suspended .  president lansana conte died monday after near 25-year rule .  coup condemned by african unio .
 donald sterling tells anderson cooper : 'i 'm asking for forgiveness ' <sec> the nba says all owners ' interests in the team could be terminated .  donald sterling tells anderson cooper , `` i was baited . .  ... that 's not the way i talk '' .  `` i 'm not a racist . .  i made a terrible , terrible mistake , '' he says .  `` if the owners feel i have another chance , then they 'll give it to me , '' he say .
 living in the eye of myanmar 's sectarian storm <sec> hnin ei phyu 's family fled their home during outbreak of violence in meiktila .  the unrest pitted muslims against buddhist majority following shop dispute .  myanmar 's ethnic faultlines exposed as country opens up after military repressio .
 to finish mlk 's work , face up to racism ( opinion ) <sec> eric liu : mlk lesson for all of us is that true redemption is never cheap or easy .  liu : post-ferguson , we 're still divided by color ; it 's time for reconciliatio .
 with right precautions , americans can visit iran relatively safely <sec> three american hikers were detained last week by iranian officials .  a handful of tour operators provide tours for americans to visit iran .  a u.s. passport is valid in iran ; visitors need a visa .  travel warnings for iran have been in place since the 1979 hostage crisi .
 arsenal sign morocco striker chamakh <sec> arsenal sign marouane chamakh from bordeaux for an undisclosed fee .  chamakh helped bordeaux win the french league in 2009 .  arsene wenger says chamakh has `` all the attributes '' to do well in england .
 california judge 's ruling a partial victory for registered child sex offenders <sec> judge strikes down part of simi valley 's restrictions on registered child sex offenders .  they will not have to post sign outside homes warding off candy seekers on halloween .  upheld : no halloween decorations or distribution of candy .  the district judge 's ruling is a temporary injunctio .
 contest win fuels fierce debate over race <sec> lawrence ross : white sorority won `` step '' contest , dance form of black frats and sororities .  ross : black fraternities , sororities are all about creating leaders ; step is proud tradition .  many in african-american fraternal community cried foul , he writes .  ross warns against using same rationale that denies blacks first-class citizenshi .
 sanford says his fiancee surprised him at victory announcement <sec> former south carolina gov . .  sanford talks about his former mistress , now his fiancee .  sanford won a run-off vote to become the gop nominee for his former u.s. house sea .
 nationwide manhunt ends with discovery of doctor dead <sec> investigators found dr. timothy v. jorden dead from a self-inflicted gunshot wound .  jorden was linked to the death of hospital clerk and ex-girlfriend jacqueline wisniewski .  she was shot wednesday at erie county medical center in buffal .
 n.c. officials : 2,116 of state 's sex offenders found on myspace <sec> site provided names , ip and e-mail addresses of offenders it found , ag says .  similar information requested from facebook networking site , he says .  myspace says that sex offenders it identified have been removed from site .  north carolina officials sharing sex offenders ' data with all sheriffs in the stat .
 fbi moves ahead with fifa corruption probe <sec> fifa was cleared of corruption allegations by an internal investigation conducted by an american .  but the fbi has intensified its own investigation of international soccer 's governing body .  the investigation centers on whether corruption led to the selection of qatar to host the 2022 world cu .
 eurovision song contest : 'it 's soft politics , but it 's politics ' <sec> organizers insist it is apolitical , but eurovision has always been a political stage , say experts .  they say its competitive nature and vast audience make it a forum for tensions to manifest .  armenia 's boycott of host azerbaijan is far from the first politically motivated withdrawal .  the success of `` new europe '' has led to allegations of tactical voting ruining eurovisio .
 six days under rubble did n't break haiti woman 's spirit <sec> falone maxi survives six days buried under fallen university in port-au-prince .  maxi 's half-sister knew the student was not dead , kept believing .  maxi can not bear to be inside anymore and wants to leave hait .
 juve smash italian points record <sec> juventus beat cagliari 3-0 in their final game of the season .  they had already won the league title , their third in a row .  juve finish on 102 points , an italian record .  coach conte in discussions to stay in charg .
 mexico : traffickers abandon immigrants at sea <sec> new : expert : maritime crossings into the united states have become a `` new frontier '' .  every month , mexico 's navy says it rescues about 150 stranded immigrants .  as part of a scam , officials say , traffickers leave migrants adrift at sea .  35 % of mexicans in recent survey say they would move to the united state .
 after sandusky , what have we learned ? <sec> roxanne jones says the sandusky trial and verdict has affected her joy at sports .  she says in retrospect , sandusky 's second mile creepy ; such things did n't get talked about .  she says sports media ignores abuse stories ; this must stop . .  kids , adults need education .  jones : kids sports can attract pedophiles ; fight back by teaching kids about abus .
 embracing life after suicide attempt <sec> melody moezzi writes about trying to kill herself .  moezzi says medication and continued therapy have helped with bipolar disorder .  moezzi asks `` those of you who have experience with mental illness to speak up '' .  friday marks world suicide prevention da .
 jaycee dugard 's aunt : 'this is a joyful time ' <sec> new : police say suspect accused of raping 14-year-old in 1972 .  jaycee dugard `` reconnecting '' with family , her aunt says .  dugard has raised two `` clever , articulate , curious '' daughters .  trust fund has been established for jaycee dugar .
 dreamliner fix : 'it 's not easy ' <sec> grounding of aircraft model by regulators very rare , experts say .  the faa grounded the dc-10 in 1979 for 37 days .  the time line for restoring service is uncertain , former airline mechanic say .
 chemistry nobel honors research on life-giving ribosome <sec> two americans , one israeli to share $ 1.4 million prize for work on ribosomes .  ribosomes in every organism use info from dna to make proteins needed for life .  antibiotics work by binding to ribosomes of bacteria so they ca n't make proteins .  nobel winners ' mapping of ribosomes helps in development of new antibiotic .
 foreman : my last letter to the president <sec> tom foreman wrote 1,460 letters to president obama .  he did not intend to get in this deep .  letters included a simple request : `` please call '' .  foreman is still waiting on obama 's cal .
 authorities : savannah officer kills handcuffed man who had a gun <sec> spokeswoman : staff , volunteers got calls warning of `` potential civil unrest '' .  agency : charles smith , in handcuffs , was killed after an officer saw he `` had a firearm '' .  people gather near shooting scene afterward , holding up signs and holding hands .  police chief tells locals not to do anything `` that will cause you problems .
 betancourt to larry king : farc captivity 'was hell ' <sec> farc kidnapped ingrid betancourt in 2002 as she ran for colombian presidency .  `` i did n't know i was their enemy , but i was , '' she tells larry king .  betancourt was rescued along with 14 others in an elaborate operation last wee .
 troubled waters ? chelsea 's bid to leave stamford bridge <sec> chelsea 's owner seeking to buy back stamford bridge so club can move .  the west london stadium is owned by a fans ' group in order to protect its future .  english premier league team hoping to build new ground to maximize revenue .  supporters ' club could block the move if fans decide not to sell their share .
 i was born in a north korean prison camp <sec> shin dong-hyuk was raised in a political prison known as camp 14 .  he has been labeled as `` human scum '' by north korea .  north korea denies human rights atrocities , existence of political prison camps where he was bor .
