 lindsay lohan 's ex-girlfriend busted on drunken driving charge <sec> new : ronson was partying , not working , a club spokeswoman says .  ronson was romantically involved with lindsay lohan .  her brother is mark ronson , music producer for amy winehouse .  she was charged with dui after a traffic stop near baker , californi .
 actress says she misspoke on china <sec> sharon stone had suggested that deadly earthquake might be karma .  actress issues statement `` to set the record straight '' regarding remark .  stone says comments were product of `` news sensationalism .
 excerpt : betting my last dollar on a horse <sec> at age 37 , larry king had $ 42 to his name , no job and a daughter to support .  he became reclusive but decided it would be `` good therapy '' to go out with a friend .  they went to the track , and larry bet on a female horse whom the odds were against .  larry won a much-needed $ 8,000 that da .
 selma : the real story <sec> `` selma '' triggered historical debate and claims that some were trying to `` smear '' the movie .  julian zelizer says the value of the film should n't get lost in the accusation .
 voodoo sex ceremony starts fatal fire , officials say <sec> candles used in ceremony caused a fatal five alarm in a brooklyn , new york .  fire left an elderly woman dead and injured 20 firefighters and three residents .  occupants fled the apartment where fire started , leaving the door ope .
 u.s. navy vessel assists two adrift iranians <sec> u.s. navy assists two iranian sailors .  the two were found in life raft in persian gulf .  iranians thanked uss oscar austin for assistanc .
 japanese officials angry after 2 u.s. sailors arrested in okinawa rape case <sec> new : japanese defense minister says officials are lodging protests with u.s. authorities .  the two 23-year-olds are accused of raping a japanese woman on okinawa .  tensions over the u.s. military presence on okinawa have boiled over in the past .  the u.s. government is `` extremely concerned '' by the allegations , ambassador say .
 shroud from jesus ' era found , researchers say <sec> excavation chief : `` this is the first time that we have a shroud from the time of jesus '' .  researchers : tests reveal earliest proven case of leprosy in old city of jerusalem .  shrouded man suffered from both leprosy and tuberculosis , researchers say .  weave of discovered shroud raises fresh doubts about shroud of turi .
 sources : cnn 's gupta approached for surgeon general <sec> based in atlanta , georgia , sanjay gupta is cnn 's chief medical correspondent .  obama team likes gupta 's combination of government , medical experience .  gupta member of faculty of neurosurgery department at emory university .  in 1997 , gupta was white house fellow and adviser to then-first lady hillary clinto .
 cnn hero 's work continues in parish devastated by katrina <sec> hurricane katrina destroyed tina caserta 's home four years ago .  the st. bernard project is helping her rebuild .  liz mccartney has expanded organization 's efforts since winning cnn hero award .  thousands of families still live in trailers or temporary housin .
 'foreign legion ' in iraq and syria may bring jihad to west <sec> isis militants have taken control of towns in iraq and syria .  the group includes jihadists who have traveled from europe and elsewhere to fight .  citizens from france , germany , denmark , u.s. have carried out bombings in iraq and syria .  security experts are concerned that western militants may return home to cause chao .
 this wo n't be the aids-free generation <sec> globally , 5 million young people between the ages of 15 and 24 are living with hiv .  only one in five american high school students has been tested .  survey shows teens do n't worry about becoming infected , may not be using protectio .
 two men relate to same haunting specter -- charles manson <sec> two men grapple with same heavy burden -- they might both descend from charles manson .  cage fighter jason freeman says his family never discussed his infamous grandfather .  l.a. musician matthew roberts learns manson may have fathered him in a 1967 orgy .  moment of truth with dna evidence : are the two bound through the blood of manson .
 o.j . comments misunderstood , hulk hogan says <sec> hulk hogan , in a bitter divorce with his wife , linda , talks to rolling stone magazine .  `` i could have turned everything into a crime scene like o.j. , '' hogan said .  hogan , 55 , says his comments are being taken out of context .  spokesman for linda hogan says the statement amounts to a death threa .
 plane crash investigators should cast wider net <sec> comair flight 5191 investigator on crash that killed 49 : this could have been me .  shawn pruchnicki says crash probes should cast wider net beyond a single factor .  the u.s. is one of the last industrialized nations that still does it , pruchnicki says .  pruchnicki calls on congress to change the ntsb 's mandat .
 federal agents apprehend fugitive after 15 years <sec> edward eugene harper accused of molesting two girls ages 3 and 8 a decade ago .  harper surrendered without incident after telephone tip in june led fbi to him .  fbi says he was working as sheep herder , living in camper in rural wyoming .  harper was indicted in mississippi on charges of sexual battery , fondling a chil .
 athlete 's blog : gilbert tuhabonye <sec> marathon runner gilbert tuhabonye writes for cnn.com leading up to the olympics .  training has been tough and there is still some way to go if he is to qualify .  survived ethnic cleansing in burundi to make a new life in the u.s .
 remaining 5 inmates in mississippi pardons controversy freed <sec> attorney general says no proper notice was posted in newspapers before pardons .  mississippi 's supreme court upholds the controversial pardons .  governor says it was a difficult decision .  he acknowledges his decision has been difficult for inmates ' victim .
 argentina fa - tevez absence a punishment <sec> argentina fa president speaks out about carlos tevez 's absence to face portugal .  julio grondona says tevez 's omission on wednesday was a disciplinary measure .  grondona claims the coaching staff were unhappy tevez missed friendly with brazil .  tevez blamed an injury but played for manchester city against fulham four days late .
 your ( additional ) rules of the internet <sec> cnn commenters respond to our story on the rules of the internet .  said one : `` the only rule of the internet is that there are absolutely no rules '' .  others mentioned godwin 's law , about commenters calling each other nazi .
 official : miami boat crash kills 4 , injures a dozen <sec> as many as 12 injured boaters were taken to local hospitals , state official says .  the incident took place near a marina in biscayne bay late on july 4th .  an official says boats may have been rushing to get back to the boat ramp .  2 died friday night at a hospital ; 2 more dead were found in the water saturday , he add .
 witnesses describe chaos in canada shootings <sec> new : `` suddenly i saw a small guy with long black hair , '' witness says of gunman .  `` nothing will ever be the same again , '' political columnist says .  one witness saw `` catastrophic '' wounds on soldier who later died .  peter henderson saw that soldier in white gloves and uniform at war memoria .
 pet product company recalls nearly 75,000 bags of dog treats <sec> testing by the fda found the treats could be contaminated with salmonella organisms .  there have been no reports of illness among pets or people as a result of the treats .  the recall involves 74,700 8-ounce bags of hartz naturals real beef treats for dog .
 gaza conflict : how can hamas claim victory ? -- opinion <sec> hamas and israel agreed wednesday to extend a truce for another five days .  palestinian negotiators demands ' include a lifting of israel and egypt 's blockade on gaza .  but mohammed najib says hamas ' objectives also include ending its political isolation .  he says the group has used the conflict to reposition itself as the face of palestinian .
 jesse jackson jr. reports to prison after one-day delay <sec> new : lawyer says he tried to report but was turned away because of administrative issue .  new : jesse jackson jr. spends night in hotel then came back to n.c. facility next day .  new : he was n't trying to avoid the media , attorney says .  the former illinois congressman was sentenced to 30 months for misuse of campaign fund .
 is your cruise safe ? <sec> some travelers hesitant to cruise due to gastrointestinal outbreaks aboard cruise ships .  in 2013 , about 1,200 passengers were sickened by norovirus on cruise ships .  more than 10 million passengers embarked cruise ships from a u.s. port in 2012 .  each year , norovirus affects an estimated 21 million people in the united state .
 survivor , apparently unhurt , rescued from rubble after 11 days <sec> `` hope for haiti '' telethon raised record $ 58 million ; more donations roll in .  rescue of wismond jean-pierre , 24 , from rubble of hotel napoli called `` a miracle '' .  more than 111,000 people have died in the quake and its aftermath , government reports .  u.n. : haitian government declares end to search-and-rescue phas .
 opinion : how mh17 disaster backs russia 's putin into a corner <sec> evidence points to pro-russian separatists as perpetrators of the attack that downed mh17 .  if this becomes a settled conclusion , consequences for russia 's putin are significant .  putin has been adept at exploiting divisions within the international community .  the mh17 crash leaves him with an uncomfortable dilemma , likely to damage his leadershi .
 philadelphia cop killed buying gift for son <sec> officer robert wilson iii was at the counter when two men allegedly stuck up a gamestop store .  police : he confronted them , and a firefight broke ou .
 u.s. , south korea begin military exercises <sec> sen. levin says north korea wo n't go to war over military exercises .  south korea , u.s. begin joint exercises .  the exercises are scheduled to run through wednesday .  north korea says it will demonstrate its migh .
 new jersey man pleads not guilty to picasso heist <sec> mark lugo is accused of stealing a picasso sketch from a san francisco gallery last week .  he is also allegedly tied to several new york robberies .  his lawyer says lugo had no intention of selling the piece .
 arranged marriage , american-style <sec> the author 's parents wanted to arrange her marriage , but she avoided the subject .  her parents had an arranged marriage , following an indian cultural tradition .  she finally agreed to a date with a potential husband , with interesting result .
 surviving triple negative breast cancer <sec> triple negative breast cancer is rare , aggressive and difficult to treat .  most triple negative patients are young african-american women .  early detection is the key to recovery , says dr. funmi olopad .
 a scene of violent chaos in cairo <sec> pro-regime forces throw molotov cocktails , starting fires as night falls .  paving stones are torn out of the ground to be used as weapons .  a mosque becomes a makeshift field hospital , staffed by volunteer doctors .  men on horses and camels charge into the crowd with club .
 south africa finally up and running <sec> south africa wins its first africa cup of nations game in nine years .  host nation defeats angola 2-0 in durban to take top spot .  cape verde denied historic victory by morocco .  youssef el arabi 's 78th minute strike claims point for atlas lion .
 robinho completes transfer to ac milan <sec> ac milan complete the signing of brazilian striker robinho from manchester city .  the 26-year-old signs a four-year contract and leaves city after failing to settle at club .  bundesliga club schalke confirm signing of dutch striker klass jan huntelaar from milan .  the 27-year-old leaves milan for a fee of 14 million euros after one season in italy .  long-serving players mauro camoranesi and david trezeguet both leave juventu .
 pregnant mom stabbed on her newspaper route <sec> jenna nielsen was eight months pregnant when she was stabbed to death .  nielsen , 22 , was delivering papers at a convenience store at 3:30 a.m . .  police have described a suspect ; family says they have dna evidence .  know something ? .  call ( 919 ) 227-6220 . .  a reward is offere .
 lebron james in talks with david beckham over miami mls franchise <sec> basketball star reveals talks with football legend over mls miami franchise .  james says talks are at preliminary stage but there is interest from both sides .  beckham revealed interest in owning a franchise last month .  james says miami is `` a great town for soccer '' with `` lots of great youth soccer players .
 jordan 's king discusses middle east peace talks with obama <sec> president obama praises king abdullah 's leadership in the middle east .  king abdullah has taken a more active role in the talks .  jordan hosted palestinian and israeli negotiators earlier this month .  no significant breakthrough was made , but they agreed to meet agai .
 texans wonder if they executed an innocent man <sec> new : `` a lot of misinformation '' is fueling concerns , the chairman says .  new : bradley says the forensic sciences commission will address the merits of the case .  outside reviews say the fire in which cameron willingham 's daughters died was n't arson .  critics say the governor is trying to short-circuit the revie .
 oregon woman spends 41st birthday in east timor jail <sec> stacey addison was detained by police in september during a taxi journey .  she says another passenger in the cab picked up a package containing drugs .  addison spent her birthday this week in a prison where she is being treated for an abscess .  `` it 's been a nightmare . .  we just want her to be able to come home , '' her mother tells cn .
 violence scaring off american tourists in tijuana <sec> at least 18,000 people have been killed since mexican army began fighting drug cartels .  college students doing missionary work during spring break told not to stop in tijuana .  light traffic at border crossings another sign that border violence is scaring off tourist .
 police : father of missing boys lied about relationship with woman <sec> new : police : father of missing boys has no relationship with a mystery woman he claimed he left his sons with .  tanner , alexander and andrew skelton have been missing for several days .  dad john skelton told police he dropped them off with a woman before attempting suicide .  police still do n't know whether the woman he mentioned is real or no .
 airport security bares all , or does it ? <sec> privacy advocates to launch campaign against 'whole-body imaging ' machines .  they say airport security device gives 'virtual strip search ' and needs regulation .  tsa : technology saves time , improves safety and is welcomed 99 percent of time .  one critic calls investment 'stupid , ' part of 'cover your ass ' politics in post-9/11 worl .
 'searching for sugar man ' director malik bendjelloul dies <sec> director malik bendjelloul died suddenly in stockholm , sweden , police say .  bendjelloul directed `` searching for sugar man , '' which won a best documentary oscar .  police say foul play is not suspected in the filmmaker 's deat .
 google launches monthly user-activity feature <sec> google account activity gives users a monthly look at what they did online .  the feature comes weeks after google 's new privacy policy became active .  e-mail , search , log-ins and other google actions will be include .
 authorities arrive in nevada to investigate deadly amtrak crash <sec> nevada highway patrol confirms two deaths in truck-train collision .  the accident scene is shut down for federal accident investigators .  the crash involved a chicago-to-california amtrak passenger trai .
 airline grounds country singer after 'great time ' in vegas <sec> john rich is escorted off southwest flight at las vegas airport .  crew says big & rich singer `` was not fit for travel , '' airline spokeswoman says .  singer 's spokeswoman : `` did john rich have a great time with his fans in vegas ? .  yes. `` .  rich spokeswoman denies there was a fight with another passenge .
 uk betting firm offers 'money back ' if oscar pistorius walks free <sec> uk betting firm paddy power offering odds on the oscar pistorius trial .  advert with 'money back if he walks ' strapline sparks outrage .  thousands sign online petition demanding it is withdrawn .  paddy power is known for its irreverent campaign .
 u.s. sanctions shipping , engineering firms with iran ties <sec> the u.s. treasury sanctions two engineering companies tied to iran 's quds force .  treasury official : `` iran 's attempts to evade international sanctions will not go unnoticed '' .  the department also sanctions two shipping companies and two shipping official .
 djokovic eyes career grand slam <sec> novak djokovic speaks to cnn 's world sport .  the newly-crowned u.s. open champion vows to win the french open in 2012 .  he has won three of the four grand slams this year .  he describes 2011 as the `` best year of my career .
 child of 1994 u.s. world cup devastated by failed bid <sec> we really wanted it for this country , fans tell cnn .  bill clinton and morgan freeman made the case for the united states .  world soccer 's governing body chose qatar instead to host the 2022 tournament .  `` i 'm disappointed , '' u.s. soccer president sunil gulati say .
 why amazon 's echo is the computer of the future <sec> amazon 's new speaker echo has a siri-like smart assistant that is always listening .  more smart devices like thermostats and speakers are connecting to the internet .  in the future you could walk into a room and give commands without touching anythin .
 too broke to be your maid of honor <sec> as economy gets tough , more women may reconsider being maid of honor .  bridezilla expects bridal showers , bachelorette parties , co-ed jack and jill party .  bridal coach : detail expectations early and if concerns rise , compromis .
 aid effort a huge undertaking amid massive flooding in thailand <sec> 8 million people are affected by the floods , which have killed 283 people .  thais are leading the aid effort , providing their countrymen with food , water and clothing .  temples have become a place of refuge for those whose homes are submerge .
 football : real madrid game canceled <sec> real madrid 's game at rayo postponed .  teams hope to reschedule for monday night .  mallorca continue hot-streak with valenica victory .  marseille maintain perfect record with evian wi .
 nasa telescope to study mysterious part of the sun <sec> the iris spacecraft will point a telescope at a little-studied area of the sun .  the chromosphere sits between the sun 's surface and outer atmosphere .  scientists want to understand how material moves and heats up in the zone .  temperatures rise from thousands of degrees at the surface to millions farther ou .
 theme of the '00s ? unpaid bills <sec> the decade that 's ending does n't yet have a name .  david frum says the decade was marked by unsolved issues of earlier years .  frum : terrorism , health care inflation , immigration issues came home to roost .  he says these problems have n't been solved in this decade eithe .
 beyonce , jay z announce joint summer tour <sec> jay z and beyonce have announced a joint summer tour .  anticipation for the tour was stirred earlier this month .  `` on the run '' will kick off in miami in june .  the couple will visit 16 cities before concluding the tour in augus .
 u.s. senators seek to stop funding singapore firm after man 's death <sec> montana senators aim to stop funding singapore firm after u.s. employee 's death .  research engineer shane todd was found hanged in his apartment last june .  singapore coroner called it a suicide , but todd 's family says his death was suspicious .  todd was working on semiconductor material gallium nitride , which has military use .
 protected by online anonymity , hate speech becomes an online mainstay <sec> online anonymity allows internet users to express opinions without reservation .  experts say it 's also leading to more hateful sentiments expressed online .  case in point : the controversy surrounded proposed islamic center near ground zer .
 obama , karzai agree to accelerate military transition <sec> afghan forces will take the lead in combat missions starting this spring .  the united states will hand over full control of afghan prisoners .  karzai signals he could be open to immunity for u.s. forces post-201 .
 the mystery coffin at site of richard iii 's burial <sec> archaeologists found a lead coffin within a stone coffin near richard iii 's grave .  the identity of its occupant is unknown , but there are three prestigious contenders .  the confirmation this year of the discovery of richard 's remains drew global interest .  the excavation site is at a parking lot in the central english city of leiceste .
 asia 's airlines on the up but concerns about rate of ascent <sec> smaller deals and agreements a feature of singapore air show .  event books $ 31 billion in deals , triple the previous level .  indonesia 's lion air seals deal for 230 next-generation 737s .  budget indian airline go air signs agreement worth $ 1 billio .
