 illinois state coach dies in plane crash after final 4 <sec> the crashed plane was a cessna 414 , national transportation safety board reports .  coach torrey ward , administrator aaron leetch among the 7 killed in the crash .  the plane crashed while coming back from the ncaa title game in indianapoli .
 somali president quits amid power struggle <sec> somalia 's transitional president resigns amid power struggle with pm , parliament .  country struggling with islamist revolt , refugee crisis and rampant lawlessness .  kenya has warned that somali government crisis is endangering peace effort .
 'eraserhead ' director inspired billy ray cyrus <sec> billy ray cyrus has worked steadily since 1992 's `` achy breaky heart '' .  singer turned to acting on advice of father and director david lynch .  says he prefers working on projects that combine acting and music .  he wo n't reveal the big-name artists he says want to remake his hi .
 rape case 'an awakening ' for india , victim 's father says <sec> the victim of the december new delhi gang rape and fatal beating was an aspiring doctor .  her killing has provoked protests in indian cities and calls for tougher laws .  `` society can no longer turn a blind eye to these sorts of incidents , '' her father tells it .
 france , germany and italy : terrorists in mali must go <sec> a united nations tribunal will investigate claims of war crimes in mali , prosecutor says .  french president : going into mali was a `` necessary decision '' .  international community fears mali will become next haven for terrorists .  germany says it 's contributing planes ; italy says it 's `` ready '' to give suppor .
 'xl love ' : how fat is affecting our sex lives <sec> `` xl love '' book outlines how obesity is changing the love lives of americans .  author sarah varney does n't see it as a fat-shaming or fat-advocacy book .  body image activist : `` there is not a magical bmi number that produces love . .  end of story .
 rescuers to make 'mad dash ' to search for trapped west virginia miners <sec> new : crews to pump nitrogen in west virginia coal mine to flush out toxic gas .  rescuers hold onto hope of finding four miners trapped in blast .  cause of monday 's explosion unknown ; state and federal officials plan full investigatio .
 what to expect in the new season of 'downton abbey ' <sec> `` downton abbey '' is back for a new season on sunday .  expect grief and some cast additions .  shirley maclaine will return as martha levinso .
 paul walker 's death : video shows car erupted in flames after 1 minute <sec> coroner withholds autopsy findings , wo n't even confirm identities of dead .  video obtained by cnn appears to show the car erupted in flames a minute after the crash .  co-star vin diesel addresses crowd of grieving fans with police loudspeaker .  sheriff 's office says it is focusing on speed as the cause of saturday 's fiery cras .
 what 's left behind after u.s. pulls out of afghanistan <sec> final troop pullout oddly detached as u.s. military operations die down in afghanistan .  ambitious projects , like a police logistics center in jalalabad , may not live up to their potentia .
 disney world monorail crash kills driver <sec> driver identified as austin wuennenberg , 21 .  eight people were aboard , including family of six .  crash occurred about 2 a.m. at ticket and transport center .  witness says one monorail train rammed into a stationary trai .
 ex-coach jim tressel offered youngstown state president 's job <sec> new : student leader : polarized reaction to youngstown state offer to tressel .  new : sophomore says tressel 's hiring could be a success or a bust .  tressel left as ohio state 's football coach under a cloud of controversy .  he has been in university administration roles since the .
 south carolina police shooting : dash cam video released <sec> footage shows a traffic stop and early interactions between officer michael slager and walter scott .  the two men speak , and then scott gets out of the car , running .  slager , charged with murder , was fired from the north charleston police departmen .
 mexico 's president praises obama 's immigration shift <sec> mexican president calderon calls halting deportations of young illegal immigrants `` just '' .  calderon says obama showed `` valor and courage '' in making the `` unprecedented '' move .  the change defers deportation of some who came to the united states illegally as children .  the obama administration rejects republican claims it is a back-door amnest .
 will iraq 's democracy vindicate bush ? <sec> iraq held a free and fair election for parliament on sunday , says david frum .  he says iraq can be a model democracy for the arab world .  president george w. bush spoke of `` hopeful signs of a desire for freedom '' in the region .  frum : biggest obstacle to democracy in middle east is the influence of oil wealt .
 first female four-star u.s. army general nominated <sec> bush nominated lt. gen. ann e. dunwoody to be head of army 's supply arm .  by law women are excluded from combat jobs , the typical path to four-star rank .  dunwoody has served 33 years , and became army 's top-ranking woman in 2005 .  there are 57 active-duty women serving as generals or admiral .
 top gear host jeremy clarkson suspended for 'hitting producer ' <sec> presenter was involved in an encounter with a bbc producer .  top gear was due to air this sunday , episode pulled from schedul .
 new greenhouse gas record set <sec> the world meteorological organization says `` an upward and accelerating trend '' continues .  pace of carbon dioxide emissions seem to be increasing , group says .  costs will go up , options narrow if something does n't change soon , another report say .
 dehydration or massacre : thousands in isis chokehold <sec> tens of thousands of people are trying to escape militants from the islamic state in iraq and syria .  many of them are yazidis , who fled into the sinjar mountains last week .  members of the religious sect worship an angel figure held by many muslims to be the devil .  sources say as many as 20,000 have been able to leave the mountains , but many remai .
 u.s. : 'demonic ' militants sent women to bomb markets in iraq <sec> new : women 's vests loaded with dynamite , ball bearings , iraqi official says .  new : iraq says 98 people killed at baghdad markets , while u.s. says 27 dead .  new : iraq : bombs detonated by cell phone ; u.s. : women detonated bombs .  iraqi official say female bombers had mental disabilitie .
 body of myls dobson , beaten and tortured , is claimed ; suspect indicted <sec> a week after horrific death , boy 's body claimed at new york morgue .  kryzie king , 27 , is indicted in connection with the death of myls dobson .  `` we 're trying to get this child buried with dignity and respect , '' mother 's spokesman say .
 toyoda in washington : a clash of cultures ? <sec> toyota 's handling of the recall crisis has elements of a culture clash .  toyoda 's long silence is a hallmark of the japanese culture of consensus building .  toyoda has little experience dealing with hostile questions from the publi .
 johnson ends european title drought with swedish success <sec> richard s. johnson ends his eight-year title drought on the european tour .  the world no . .  329 wins scandinavian masters near stockholm for second title .  bernhard langer earns his first major title on the seniors circuit at british open .  jiyai shin becomes first south korean to win the women 's evian masters in franc .
 phone-hacking scandal : who is rebekah brooks ? <sec> new : rebekah brooks has been cleared of all charges against her at a phone-hacking trial .  brooks was chief executive of news international until she resigned in july 2011 .  she became the youngest-ever editor of a national british newspaper in 2000 .  rupert murdoch was said to have treated brooks like a daughte .
 opinion : when are you old and useless ? <sec> dean obeidallah : each day , people hear the catch phrase , `` happy birthday : you 're fired ! '' .  obeidallah : despite age discrimination law , workers are let go because of their age .  he says mandatory retirement age does n't make sense for people who are fit to do the job .  obeidallah : judges , for example , should n't have to retire so long as they are mentally agil .
 student 's lawsuit against parents for support loses 1st round in court <sec> rachel canning , 18 , is suing her parents for financial support , legal fees , tuition .  she alleges she was verbally and physically abused by her parents and was forced to leave .  canning 's parents say rachel left on her own and that she is always welcome to come back .  a judge denies her initial requests for immediate financial assistanc .
 strauss-kahn lawyers file for bail in sexual assault case <sec> new : lawyers will seek $ 1 million bail , home detention with electronic monitoring .  strauss-kahn 's release could impair alleged victim 's feeling of safety , attorney says .  pressure mounts for new imf leadership amid strauss-kahn 's possible resignatio .
 house oks measure designed to end controller furloughs <sec> new : president obama expected to sign bill after house passage .  furloughs affected 15,000 flight controllers due to forced , government-wide spending cuts .  controller staffing shortages began this week , affecting airline flights .  the bipartisan senate plan would give transportation planners new budget flexibilit .
 aid groups say world is failing syria 's civilians <sec> report : syrian conflict is `` a stain on the conscience of the international community '' .  u.n. resolutions aimed at helping civilians have failed to change the situation , it says .  at least 220,000 people are estimated to have been killed in four years of wa .
 john lennon 's killer denied parole , talks about murder <sec> `` bright light of fame , of infamy , notoriety '' of killing lennon was irresistible , chapman says .  `` i found my peace in jesus , '' he tells the new york parole board .  parole commissioners deny chapman 's 8th request for freedom .  chapman is serving a 20-years-to-life sentence for murdering john lennon in 198 .
 u.n. envoy arrives in area of myanmar plagued by ethnic violence <sec> more than 20 people have been killed in unrest in western myanmar .  the government has declared a state of emergency in rakhine state .  the clashes are between the state 's buddhist and muslim populations .  the u.n. and rights groups call on bangladesh to accept refugees from the violenc .
 shattered ukraine town in rebel hands as leaders urge respect for ceasefire <sec> a cnn team finds wide destruction in debaltseve , now in separatist hands .  leaders of russia , ukraine , france and germany speak a week after forging peace deal .  ukrainian president says a separatist offensive in debaltseve breached the dea .
 google warns users of state-sponsored hacking <sec> new : users in china are already getting alerts , one ex-journalist says .  google wo n't say how it knows governments are behind the hacking .  security chief says it does n't want to give away anything that will help the hackers .  the internet giant warns users to strengthen passwords and upgrade softwar .
 supreme court wo n't delay release of california inmates <sec> california prisons are under order to release 9,600 inmates by year 's end .  the state wants to delay the deadline ; the supreme court says no .  overcrowding has made the prisons unsafe and unsanitary , courts say .  justices antonin scalia warns that many released prisoners will commit crime .
 pope to skip holocaust museum on trip to israel , envoy says <sec> new : benedict xvi to be first pontiff to visit the dome of the rock .  new : trip to be may 8-15 with stops in amman , jerusalem , bethlehem , nazareth .  in jerusalem , he 'll visit yad vashem 's memorial section , will skip museum .  pope pius xii criticized for ww ii actions ; vatican says he acted behind the scene .
 700 die in fighting in northern nigeria <sec> hard-line muslim militants fighting government troops in northern nigeria .  militants want strict islamic law , or sharia , in entire north of country .  unclear if 700 includes 400 deaths of rebels , troops and civilians reported before .  north of nigeria predominantly muslim ; south is christia .
 libya blocks u.n. condemnation of jerusalem seminary attack <sec> off-duty israel defense forces officer fatally shot attacker .  gunman went into jewish seminary in jerusalem with little apparent notice .  police spokesman : `` there was no alert or warning about this attack '' .  the violence comes a day after announcement of renewed peace talk .
 security experts warn of dangers of rogue wi-fi hotspots <sec> security experts warn wi-fi users to be more vigilant against hackers .  experts say it 's difficult to distinguish between legitimate and rogue networks .  wi-fi alliance says spread of wi-fi has n't led to an 'epidemic ' of hacking .  users urged to protect their networks , use vpn for sensitive dat .
 ebola , 'fear-mongering ' dominate n.h. debate <sec> ebola was the first issue as candidates squared off at a cnn / nh1 debate in new hampshire .  former sen. scott brown said ebola presents a `` rational fear '' and the government should do more .  sen. jeanne shaheen accused him of `` fearmongering .
 facetime with sheikh mohammed bin isa al khalifa <sec> sheikh mohammed bin isa al khalifa steers bahrain 's economic growth .  says bahrain 's strength is its `` human capital '' in the finance sector .  calls on world to unite to resolve nuclear dispute with ira .
 lfo singer dies after battle with leukemia <sec> the trio is best known for its song `` summer girls '' .  the 1990s group reunited for a tour last year .  cronin was having trouble walkin .
 5 things you need to know about the iran talks - cnnpolitics.com <sec> interim deal from 2013 between six world powers and iran has been extended twice .  parties are seeking a framework agreement -- or main principles of final deal -- by next week .  seven countries are at negotiating table , but others such as israel follow from the outsid .
 campaign rhetoric may tie next president 's hands <sec> julian zelizer : rhetoric by obama , romney on campaign trail could be risky .  he says the positions they take could weaken their eventual time in the white house .  next president will face major challenges at home and overseas , he says .  zelizer : promises to left or right could make governing very difficul .
 would you jump off this bridge on bridge day 2014 ? <sec> base jumpers head to west virginia to jump off new river gorge bridge .  the bridge is one of the world 's longest steel single-span arch bridges .  base jumpers like to jump off fixed points like buildings and bridge .
 florida police arrest suspect in louisiana priest 's death <sec> arrested man is a convicted sex offender , according to police chief .  the priest was found dead in a mississippi dominican retreat house monday .  a mass was held in memory of priest tuesday in his louisiana churc .
 why doctors fall asleep while treating you <sec> many medical residents work long shifts and their sleep suffers .  last year new standards were implemented with a 16-hour maximum shift .  archives of surgery survey finds surgical interns believe new regulations inhibit educatio .
 indian military rescues people stranded in kashmir snow <sec> new : 1,100 people were airlifted out .  heavy snow blocks the main highway in the indian state of jammu and kashmir .  some people were stranded for day .
 human to hero : champion blake bids to steal buddy bolt 's sprint swag <sec> jamaican yohan blake is the current world 100 meter sprint champion .  blake took gold at the 2011 world athletics championships in south korea .  the 22-year-old trains with olympic champion and 100m record holder usain bolt .  blake aiming to challenge bolt for gold at the london olympics this yea .
 2 wolves shot ; tests to determine whether they killed woman <sec> teacher was killed by wolves last week while jogging near alaska town .  wildlife officials tracked and shot 2 wolves they believe are the killers .  carcasses will be tested for rabies , other conditions that might have led to attack .  wolves normally avoid humans and do not attack them , experts sa .
 europe 's cold snap claims more lives <sec> the red cross releases $ 141,000 in emergency funds to help those in need .  rare snow is forecast in parts of the sahara desert in algeria and morocco .  serbia declares a state of emergency in 23 municipalities due to the weather .  38 people have died of hypothermia in ukraine over the past 24 hours -- state medi .
 group : stressed , bloody dolphins await slaughter in japan 's taiji cove <sec> fishermen have taken 37 bottlenose dolphins to be sold into captivity , conservationists say .  many of the 200 dolphins still in the cove in taiji , japan , will be slaughtered , they say .  local officials have previously defended hunting of dolphins as a traditional practice .  environmental activists say dolphin meat contains dangerously high levels of mercur .
 activists claim they disrupted japan 's annual whale hunt <sec> an anti-whaling group says it split up japan 's fleet and chased it out of the antarctic zone .  `` within a day and a half , we have the entire whaling fleet in disarray , '' an activist says .  japan says the whaling ships are still in the southern ocean and the hunt continues .  environmental groups clash each year with japan 's whaling vessel .
 venezuela accuses american filmmaker of instigating unrest <sec> timothy tracy , 35 , was arrested wednesday at the caracas airport , a rights group says .  tracy is being held on allegations of funding opponents of nicolas maduro .  in a televised address , maduro says tracy was financing violent group .
 obama , jon stewart square off on 'the daily show ' in dc <sec> president obama appears on the show .  jon stewart questions obama on his successes compared to his campaign rhetoric .  `` the daily show '' is taping in washington this wee .
 keeping it in the family : 'wizard of ballydoyle 's ' master apprentice <sec> the rising star of champion trainer aidan o'brien 's stable is his own son joseph .  the pair are the first father-and-son to win the epsom derby as trainer and jockey .  joseph jokes their plans `` do n't always go to plan '' but the pair have had great success .  o'brien says joseph could one day take over training at the prestigious coolmore stabl .
 low-income entrepreneurs who work extremely hard <sec> consultative group to assist the poor 's photo contest features microfinance in action .  the photos shows how poor households manage their financial lives .  cgap is an advocacy group that works to advance the lives of the poo .
 aircraft design linked to crash that killed 265 people in new york <sec> federal officials say some airbus planes have a potentially hazardous rudder system design .  the design may have contributed to a crash in new york in 2001 .  national transportation safety board urges european safety officials to consider modifying plane .
 outspoken chinese artist is free but has to stay quiet <sec> ai weiwei was released wednesday night .  he is known for his irreverent commentary on china .  but the conditions of his bail bar him from speaking to the media .  he tells reporters he is fine but can not tal .
 investigators to re-create conditions ahead of texas parade tragedy <sec> train struck parade float in midland , texas , last week , killing four veterans .  national transportation safety board to examine what could be seen ahead of collision .  several videos captured moments leading up to collisio .
 five years of ireport <sec> cnn 's citizen journalism initiative , ireport , is 5 years old .  the first ireport on tv was a hot squirrel .  since then , ireport has been integral to most major news stories of the past 5 years .  our prediction for what 's next ? .  collaboration is the futur .
 a dangerous new world of drones <sec> peter bergen : american monopoly on drones is long gone ; 70 nations have them .  he says drones will change warfare and lead to a new arms race .  china , iran , israel , european nations are among those with drones , he says .  bergen : u.s. use of drones is setting a precedent without enough discussion of the legal issue .
 cnn student news - october 31 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 2 women in saudi arabia detained for driving in ongoing bid to end ban <sec> prominent advocates for allowing women to drive detained in riyadh police station .  aziza al-yousef , the driver , and eman al-nafjan , the passenger , were released to their husbands .  their efforts follow the october 26 campaign when dozens of saudi women drove .  religious interpretation -- not law -- prevents women from driving in the kingdo .
 girl uses art to raise funds for birds in gulf oil spill <sec> olivia bouler draws to raise money to help oily birds in the gulf .  the 11-year-old approached the audubon society with the idea .  so far , she 's raised more than $ 110,00 .
