 english fans face moscow ticket crunch <sec> english fans face spiraling expenses , visa anxiety ahead of european cup final .  the russian embassy criticizes uk for tightening russian visa requirements .  up to 50,000 chelsea and manchester united fans expected to go to mosco .
 marine to senator : 'no ma'am , ' i wo n't register my guns <sec> former marine says he will not register his guns even if a federal law is passed .  marine 's open letter goes viral online ; draws fiery responses from cnn commenters .  sen. dianne feinstein said after the newtown school shooting that she plans to introduce a ban on assault weapons .  the bill aims to revisit a 1994 assault weapons ban that expired in 200 .
 jackson was star the world could not ignore <sec> michael jackson was adored by fans around the world .  total sales exceeding 700 million records over his 40-year career .  u.s. civil rights campaigner rev . .  al sharpton paid tribute to his charity wor .
 what happened to mark warner ? <sec> mark warner 's re-election in virginia was surprisingly close .  he 's being criticized for not focusing on heavily african-american parts of the stat .
 facebook enables embedded posts <sec> facebook is rolling out a feature that lets you embed posts .  users can share posts on their blogs and websites .  embedding only works for public posts on the site .  facebook is following twitter , which already allowed embedding tweet .
 brazil 's presidential election heads for a runoff <sec> dilma rousseff , a former marxist guerrilla , wins the first-round vote .  she falls short of the majority needed to avoid a runoff .  president luis inacio lula da silva campaigned for her .  rousseff will face jose serra in the second roun .
 u.n. urges nato to stop afghan opium trade <sec> study finds opium makes up half of afghanistan 's gross domestic product .  agency pushes nato forces to attack skyrocketing problem aggressively .  drugs funds insurgency ; poppy trade unchecked in taliban strongholds .  u.n. drug chief advocates providing income alternative for poppy farmer .
 80-year-old becomes oldest man to climb mount everest <sec> his record eclipses that of a man who was 76 when he reached the top .  the oldest woman to climb everest is also a japanese .  miura broke his hip and underwent heart surger .
 lawrence ho : gambling and family fortunes <sec> son of stanley ho , business tycoon who built up former-portuguese colony of macau .  lawrence ho recently open multi-billion dollar city of dreams complex in macau .  believes he can carve a slice of action from the asian gambling cit .
 jonah 's tomb destroyed , officials say <sec> tomb is said to be the burial place of the prophet jonah in mosul , iraq .  a video shows tomb 's destruction .  isis has blown up sunni holy sites in iraqi cit .
 ex-cia agent : waterboarding 'saved lives ' <sec> john kiriakou says he questioned al qaeda suspect but did n't waterboard him .  abu zubayda reportedly said after waterboarding that allah told him to talk .  kiriakou : suspect gave up information on al qaeda , khalid sheikh mohammed .  kiriakou : tapes of abu zubayda 's interrogation should not have been destroye .
 what does sikh massacre say about violence in america ? <sec> amardeep kaleka 's father was killed as he tried to stop sikh temple murderer .  media and government did not pay enough attention to what this tragedy means , he says .  we need to find out why u.s. has highest murder rate of all affluent nations , he says .  kaleka : we need action to stop violence against immigrants , racism and hatre .
 finding leonardo da vinci 's florence <sec> the cradle of the renaissance , florence has produced some of italy 's greatest artists .  despite its small size , the city boasts a quarter of the globe 's unesco world heritage sites .  florence is home to treasures from famed artists such as da vinci , michelangelo and botticell .
 louvre-lens : how a coal mining town became an art attraction <sec> how did an ex-mining town in northern france become an art haven ? .  one year since louvre opened sister gallery in lens , attracts 750,000 visitors .  hoped €150m museum will reinvigorate depressed city with 24 % unemployment .  gleaming glass building designed by japanese architect firm sana .
 capturing snowflakes under a microscope <sec> michael peres loves photographing `` very small things '' .  he mounted his camera to a bellows to shoot images through a microscope .  peres has 30 seconds to 2 minutes to shoot , depending on the temperatur .
 seeking love and shelter -- what 's harder to find ? <sec> cnn producer ronni berke has written about her online dating misadventures .  her most recent hunt was for a great apartment to buy in new york .  berke says it 's difficult to tell which search was more difficult : a partner or a new home .  she found an apartment to suit her needs , but a mate has been more elusiv .
 ohio sheriff : all animals believed accounted for <sec> new : autopsy results confirm man shot himself after freeing animals .  new : animals taken to the columbus zoo are `` doing well , '' sheriff says .  a missing monkey may have been eaten , expert say .
 white house correspondent thomas retires amid controversial comments <sec> new : rabbi who recorded interview says thomas was giving jews `` the finger '' .  thomas has been covering the white house since 1960 .  retirement comes amid furor over remarks about jews .  thomas apologized for comments frida .
 kenyan forces kill 5 suspects in world cup party attack <sec> the five were killed as they tried to escape , ministry says .  48 people were killed in sunday 's attack .  kenya 's president blamed it on `` local political networks .
 two may have contracted hantavirus while visiting yosemite <sec> park said it disinfected 400 cabins .  man , woman in june visited camping area in yosemite national park .  they may have been exposed to deadly hantavirus .  deer mice might be to blam .
 are quakes on rise ? is california 's 'big one ' coming ? <sec> the 6.0-magnitude quake sunday was not on the san andreas fault .  some predict the `` big one '' will strike along the fault in the next few decades .  usgs : los angeles and san francisco will one day become next-door neighbor .
 tunisia gripped by political uncertainty after killing <sec> police fire tear gas as violent protests break out in the capital for a second day .  tunisia 's government failed to protect chokri belaid , a rights group says .  prime minister hamadi jebali sacks the government and calls for new elections .  his party says the dissolution is `` not binding '' and is discussing whether to accept i .
 yosemite 's deadly year has some wondering why <sec> this year , 16 people have died at yosemite national park .  that is about twice as usual , rangers say .  some visitors to the park take part in dangerous practices , rangers sa .
 most-arrested man to face judge , friends hope for 'christmas miracle ' <sec> henry earl will go before a judge thursday for his latest alcohol-related arrest .  the local celebrity goes by `` james brown '' because he dances for change for drinks .  police estimate they arrest him once a week , if not every two or three days .  he 's stayed sober for months before ; lawyer hopes sobriety sticks this yea .
 southern baptist leaders shift position on climate change <sec> southern baptist leaders : people have biblical duty to stop global warming .  46 leaders denounce denomination for being too timid on environmental issues .  southern baptist convention is the largest protestant denomination in the u.s .
 sprint hope lemaitre clinches european golden double <sec> christophe lemaitre wins 200m at european championships in barcelona .  lemaitre outdips britain 's christian mmalcolmfor the gold .  frenchman completes sprint double having won 100m on wednesda .
 new orleans wins super bowl for first time <sec> new orleans saints win super bowl xliv with 31-17 win over indianapolis colts .  mvp drew brees inspires first super bowl triumph for the saints in their 43-year history .  two touchdowns in final quarter seal victory for saints who trailed for match of the gam .
 gop seeks a groundswell of opposition to obamacare <sec> house gop playbook includes talking points , videos , social media outreach .  botched website launch provided an opening for attacks by obamacare critics .  the goal is to bolster republican prospects in next year 's midterm elections .  a house committee schedules obamacare hearings in four state .
 super bowl xlviii 's other matchup : new york vs. new jersey <sec> new york and new jersey fight for profits from super bowl xlviii .  organizers estimate game will generate at least $ 600 million for the two states .  east rutherford , new jersey , where game will be played , hopes to break eve .
 netanyahu snub takes relations to a new low - cnnpolitics.com <sec> administration unhappy with netanyahu 's plans to address congress .  israeli leader unhappy with u.s. stance on iran 's nuclear progra .
 iran says it built copy of captured u.s. drone <sec> news agency says iranian electronic warfare unit brought down the drone in 2011 .  that year , u.s. officials said it was part of a cia reconnaissance mission .  on sunday , the u.s. drone was displayed alongside an iranian copy .  it was identified as a lockheed martin rq-170 sentine .
 7 more bodies found after pakistan airport terrorist attack <sec> the bodies of 7 cargo workers are found in rubble near a cold storage facility at the airport .  29 others were killed in the airport attack , including 10 militants , officials say .  the pakistani taliban , or ttp , say the attack is revenge for the death of hakimullah mehsud .  mehsud , a former ttp chief , was killed by a u.s. drone strike in 201 .
 kobani fight an opportunity to blunt isis , general says <sec> u.s. central command : seven more airstrikes hit isis targets in syria .  syrian kurds giving u.s. forces intelligence on isis positions , official says .  isis ' focus on kobani is helping u.s. , allies destroy the militant group , a general says .  gen. lloyd austin says kobani still could fall , despite u.s. and allied effort .
 episcopal minister defrocked after becoming a muslim <sec> ann holmes redding says she saw no contradiction in muslim being a minister .  christian parishioners , family saw redding as having abandoned her faith .  diocese rules that priest `` can not be both a christian and a muslim .
 feds plan to spend millions on remote montana border posts <sec> dhs planned to spend $ 31 million to upgrade remote border crossings .  the crossings are 12 miles apart and get little to no traffic .  laredo , texas , by comparison , gets 66,000 crossings a day .  laredo will not receive any of the $ 400 million in dhs border stimulus fund .
 stranded u.n. personnel return to syrian city after attack <sec> syria says three `` terrorists '' confessed .  u.n. personnel stranded overnight in khan sheikhoun are back in hama , the u.n. says .  at least 15 people were killed wednesday , opposition activists say .  250 arrested people were released , syria say .
 u.s. warns americans not to fly from guyana after threat concerns <sec> embassy says it received unconfirmed threat information .  it does not offer specifics .  the airline says it has added additional security measure .
 botswana economy set to sparkle after diamond deal <sec> de beers is moving its rough diamond trading operation to botswana .  the move is expected to boost the country 's booming diamond industry .  diamonds have helped turn botswana into one of africa 's most prosperous countries .  officials say they are aware that diamonds are exhaustibl .
 real madrid : most valuable sports team snaps up world cup winner toni kroos <sec> real madrid completes the signing of midfielder toni kroos .  kroos moves from bayern munich after winning the world cup with germany .  real is ranked by forbes as the most valuable sports team in the world .  barcelona and manchester united complete and all football top thre .
 tokyo disneyland reopens after quake <sec> `` we were so excited , we were almost crying , '' a park visitors says .  tokyo disneyland has been closed since the march 11 earthquake .  the park is donating about $ 4 to the japanese red cross for every ticke .
 box office report : 'the other woman ' trio overwhelms 'captain america ' <sec> the cameron diaz took the top spot .  it was a surprisingly high number for `` the other woman '' .  the last film by paul walker came in at no . .
 u.s. : no more enemy body counts in afghanistan <sec> u.s. will stop publishing number of taliban and insurgents killed in afghanistan .  change is part of a new military strategy that focuses on protecting afghans .  issue of publishing enemy body counts has been sensitive to military since vietna .
 south africa mine fires 1,400 striking workers <sec> gold one fires 1,400 workers at a mine near johannesburg .  a court has ruled the october 1 walkout illegal .  it 's the latest in a wave of strikes and unrest hitting south africa 's biggest industr .
 indiana offers cash to sugarland stage collapse victims <sec> families of those killed would get $ 300,000 each , while injured would get 65 % of medical bills .  state law limits total payout to $ 5 million , indiana 's attorney general says .  stage collapse killed 7 , injured dozens waiting for sugarland concert at state fair in august .  most victims are also suing the country duo and contractors involved with the sho .
 extra officials for champions league <sec> the champions league will experiment with extra match officials for next two seasons .  football 's rule-making body also extends trial to afc president 's cup and other competitions .  an extra assistant referee will stand behind goal line at both ends of the pitch .  ifab meeting also confirms that goal-line technology will be discussed in octobe .
 li keqiang named chinese premier , nation 's second most powerful post <sec> li keqiang was named china 's premier , the no . .  2 position .  xi jinping formally took the role of chinese president on thursday .  new leaders were named last november but have been waiting for congress .  npc discussed major issues facing country , including economic aim .
 'anchorman 2 ' : the legend continues , but it 's not as funny <sec> `` anchorman 2 '' is funny , but does n't top the first film .  in its early scenes , `` anchorman 2 '' has cheeky promise .  but as things chug along , the film starts to flag and feel a little too familiar .  `` anchorman 2 '' dutifully serves up jokes even though we already know the punch line .
 feeding the future : saving agricultural biodiversity <sec> new multi-million global fund to preserve agricultural biodiversity .  importance highlighted by previous food crises and famines .  u.s. has lost 90 percent of fruit and vegetable varieties in last 100 year .
 learning to be leaders <sec> three-year study of 13-16 year olds playing online game runescape .  virtual environments are important new leisure spaces for young people .  online games give leaders the freedom to fail and to experimen .
 d.c. mayor signs same-sex marriage bill <sec> measure now goes to congress for a 30-day review period .  it 's considered unlikely that democratic majority on capitol hill would block bill .  massachusetts , connecticut , vermont and iowa have legalized same-sex marriages .  national organization for marriage says `` the fight is not over .
 tutu : mugabe is a frankenstein for his people <sec> nobel peace laureate desmond tutu calls zimbabwe president `` frankenstein '' .  warns of dangers of inaction , compares to rwanda , 1994 , when 800,000-plus died .  australia pm urges southern african nations to put pressure mugabe to step down .  u.n. security council has unanimously condemned the zimbabwean govt .
 thailand ditch martial law for sweeping army powers <sec> martial law has been lifted in thailand after 10 months .  it has been replaced by a new order granting sweeping powers to the military junta .  critics warn the move deepens the country 's `` descent into dictatorship .
 oklahoma community mourns young family <sec> new : preacher says he found funeral for mom , four kids `` difficult '' .  300 mourners attended service at redlands community college .  bodies found january 12 in apartment in el reno , oklahoma .  woman 's boyfriend , joshua steven durcho , admitted choking her , affidavit say .
 'mr . toilet ' : beijing needs 'no fly zone ' <sec> new standards cover public toilets in areas tourists frequent .  world toilet organization founder sim suggests `` no fly zone '' would be better .  access to improved sanitation among u.n. 's eight millennium development goals by 2015 .  sim says improving public toilets will boost china 's touris .
 aaron hernandez 's anger over incidents tied to killing <sec> source says odin lloyd was killed over trivial matters .  two incidents -- at nightclub and in his apartment -- had something to do with it , source says .  hernandez 's anger was fueled by paranoia , source say .
 former chinese official 's son received tickets in porsche <sec> former chinese official 's son denies reports that he used to drive a ferrari .  but harvard student was in porsche when he received three tickets .  rumors of flamboyant lifestyle have been poorly received in chin .
 police : naked scammers seduce , blackmail men on web <sec> naked webcam scam being used to blackmail victims .  singapore police say women convince men to get naked and record it .  50 cases were reported in singapore in 2012 , up from 11 in previous year .  authorities : do n't friend strangers , report blackmail immediatel .
 rosie perez and nicolle wallace joins 'the view ' <sec> perez is a regular on screen and stage .  wallace was communications director for president george w. bush .  they join rosie o'donnell and whoopi goldberg .  changes at the talk show began after barbara walters stepped dow .
 jk rowling says hermione should have married harry potter , not ron <sec> rowling : ron and hermione would have needed `` relationship counseling '' .  the full interview will appear thursday .  some fans of the book are aghast .  rowling revealed earlier she thought of offing ro .
 2009 cnn hero of year encounters pickpocket at airport <sec> cnn hero of the year efren peñaflorida targeted by pickpocket at manila airport .  peñaflorida won award in november for starting `` pushcart classroom '' to poor children .  peñaflorida was not injured , laughed off encounter before heading to rally in his hono .
 christmas day bomber sentenced to life in prison <sec> umar farouk abdulmutallab is sentenced to life in prison .  abdulmutallab argued a life sentence would be unconstitutional .  abdulmutallab smuggled a bomb in his underwear aboard a commercial airliner .  the attempted bombing occurred on christmas day 200 .
 can argentina 's football god manage ? <sec> diego maradona is a football legend in argentina , one of the world 's greats .  his skills at napoli and for the argentina national side are highly praised .  he has a reputation for leading a wild private life , was addicted to cocain .
 afghan woman 's choice : 12 years in jail or marry her rapist and risk death <sec> afghan rape victim gulnaz found guilty by courts of adultery and jailed for 12 years .  the only way victim can escape incarceration is to marry her attacker .  gulnaz refuses to give away the daughter who resulted from the rape .  women in her situation can be killed for the perceived shame their ordeal has brought their communit .
 jordan 's king appoints new pm to form new government <sec> abdullah ensour is jordan 's new prime minister .  he must form a new government -- jordan 's fifth in two years .  protesters demand constitutional reforms , saying the king has too much power .  muslim brotherhood : we hope this next government will go ahead with reform .
