 obama lobby rules could benefit nonprofits , analyst says <sec> analyst : corporate lobbyists will not be only ones heard by obama 's transition staff .  transition team 's ethics rules will give nonprofits stronger voice , analyst says .  one of the rules : federal lobbyists ca n't contribute to transition effort .  transition co-chairman : ethics rules strictest `` of any transition team in history .
 dhs investigator resigned after prostitution sting <sec> david nieland was an investigator with the dhs inspector general .  he raised concerns over oig trying to investigate the secret service involvement with prostitutes .  nieland was spotted by broward county sheriffs deputies who were conducting an anti-prostitution operatio .
 darren clarke named europe 's ryder cup captain for 2016 battle <sec> darren clarke named european ryder cup captain for the 2016 installment .  northern irishman beat competition from miguel angel jimenez and thomas bjorn .  clarke won four out of five ryder cups as a player and was vice captain in 2010 and 201 .
 what the steve jobs movie got right , and wrong <sec> jobs , '' starring ashton kutcher in the iconic role , hits theaters friday .  the movie is the first biopic about apple co-founder steve jobs .  here are five things the movie gets right , and wron .
 pope monitoring iranian woman sentenced to stoning death , vatican says <sec> new : italy is leading the case for clemency for the woman , news agency reports .  pope benedict xvi is closely monitoring the case , the vatican said sunday .  the pope would intervene through diplomatic channels and not publicly , the vatican said .  the woman was convicted of adultery but iran says a final verdict has not been reache .
 for missing man 's mother , castaway 's story is tale of grief <sec> jose salvador alvarenga 's survival at sea has drawn global attention .  the castaway 's companion , ezequiel cordova , is presumed dead .  cordova 's mother calls the news a `` devastating blow '' and demands answer .
 techies reject coasts for 'silicon prairie ' <sec> high tech workers on u.s. coasts moving to heartland for better lifestyle .  recent openings include developers , backend coders , traditional it positions .  salaries can be 25 percent lower in some regions , but so is cost of living .  consultant clint brauer left california for kansas : `` i 'm at peace out here .
 spain to get bigger cut of 'el gordo ' lottery winnings <sec> big winners in spain 's annual christmas lottery will have to pay a 20 % tax .  the top el gordo prize is worth $ 548,000 ( 400,000 euros ) .  the winner would have to pay $ 109,000 ( 80,000 euros ) in taxes .  the government started taxing all major lottery winnings in 201 .
 key senate committee clears measure backing libyan intervention <sec> new : the foreign relations committee backs limited u.s. military action in libya .  state department legal adviser says the libya mission is limited in scope , exposure of forces .  key republicans argue obama has improperly circumvented the 1973 war powers resolution .  it requires the president to get congressional approval within 60 days after deploying militar .
 massive winter system spans 2,000 miles , threatens midwest cities <sec> new : winter alerts extend from new mexico to maine , with blizzard warnings in 7 states .  new : the mayor of st. louis is among the thousands of stranded traveler , an official says .  120 garbage trucks rigged with snow plows are added to chicago 's fleet of 274 trucks .  snowfall could reach a rate of two and three inches per hour in the windy cit .
 should colleges talk to parents about their kids ? <sec> federal laws limit colleges ' ability to inform parents how their children are doing .  amitai etzioni : parents wonder about grades , how they 'll know if a student gets in trouble .  etzioni says policies vary , but it makes sense to keep parents informed about their kids .  he says colleges should also be wary of parents who hover too muc .
 mesut ozil : 'real madrid must keep cristiano ronaldo ' <sec> mesut ozil believes cristiano ronaldo can fire real madrid to glory .  ozil delighted ronaldo is staying at the club .  germany international reveals new way of playing .  believes advice from zinedine zidane has helped him blosso .
 shining path leader says it 's defeated <sec> `` artemio , '' a leader of the peruvian terrorist group , says it 's lost long war .  the maoist group wants to negotiate with the government , he says .  the government has rejected anything short of complete surrender .  artemio talked with reporters from a nongovernmental organizatio .
 judge allows 911 tapes in casey anthony trial <sec> new : a florida judge has allowed the 911 tapes to stay in evidence .  mother : i did n't want police thinking i was `` some crazy grandmother '' .  the defense argues that taped phone calls are hearsay and should not be admitted .  prosecutors say calls are critical to their case against anthon .
 beauty and adventure in egyptian oasis <sec> siwa oasis is one of egypt 's most isolated settlements .  experience a slower paced way of life without electricity at an eco lodge .  discover the sahara , sandboard on huge dunes , or a take a siwa sand bat .
 bush expresses 'deep concern ' over quran shooting <sec> nuri al-maliki 's office : president bush `` promised to present the soldier to the courts '' .  an american staff sergeant used a quran for target practice .  iraqi islamic party has demanded `` the severest of punishments '' for the soldie .
 why the best thing you can do is fail <sec> queen elizabeth asked why people failed to anticipate 2008 financial crisis .  eddie obeng : business leaders routinely fail despite enormous amount of professional advice .  he says organizations once succeeded by doing more of the same , but now need innovation .  obeng : creative experimentation is needed , and even failure can be productiv .
 lawyer : armstrong open to 'truth and reconciliation ' commission , not usada <sec> usada says it gave lance armstrong until february 6 to discuss doping .  his lawyer says it is n't `` possible '' for armstrong to meet usada within 2 weeks .  he says international agencies should lead probes into doping in cycling , not usada .  usada chief blasts armstrong in an upcoming `` 60 minutes '' intervie .
 kenyan lawmakers vote themselves a hefty retirement bonus again <sec> they vote for a bonus of $ 110,000 each despite president 's earlier veto .  kenyan parliamentarians are among the highest paid on the continent .  an average kenyan would have to work for 61 years to earn the bonus amount .  protesters plan to take to the streets wednesday to demand another presidential vet .
 can u.s. bishops regain their clout ? <sec> catholic bishops forced president to compromise on health care mandate .  paul moses : the bishops ' campaign worked because their message had a broad appeal .  he says that if bishops become shrill and partisan , they will lose influence .  moses : if bishops want to gain back clout , they should learn from community organizin .
 mideast women beat men in education , lose out at work <sec> women make up majority of university population in two thirds of middle eastern countries .  despite high level of education , women are still under-represented in labor force .  disparity is caused by society 's expectations and upbringing of girls , according to academic .
 new signing khedira joins real madrid squad for u.s. tour <sec> germany midfielder sami khedira heads to u.s. after sealing real madrid transfer .  former stuttgart player joins pre-season tour , having passed his medical on saturday .  spanish giants will play two pre-season matches in california before returning to europ .
 students protest in montreal against tuition hikes <sec> new : six arrested in evening protests .  tens of thousands of students protest in montreal .  the students in quebec province are unhappy about planned tuition hikes .  tuesday 's protests follow weekend clashes in which 300 were arreste .
 peruvian presidential hopeful taps giuliani for crime-fighting advice <sec> candidate keiko fujimori praises giuliani 's track record in new york city .  the former congresswoman says she tapped giuliani for crime-fighting advice .  giuliani suggests building more jails and keeping crime statistics , fujimori says .  peru 's runoff elections are scheduled for june .
 tiger 's half-brother wants to reconnect <sec> earl woods jr. tells cnn he has n't spoken to his half-brother in four years .  family has reached out to tiger but he has not responded , he says .  tiger learned his values from his father , who died in 2006 .  earl jr. believes tiger has no one to keep him on the right pat .
 opinion : biden , clinton , you 're rich . own it <sec> errol louis : biden , hillary gaffes show how wide america 's wealth gap has become .  he says if they want to be president , they should find less tone-deaf way to discuss money .  louis : both may feel poorer than super-rich they know , but median u.s. income is $ 53,000 .  louis : they 're not `` just plain folks , '' they 're among country 's most fortunate ; should own i .
 ruthless leader aims to extend al-shabaab 's reach <sec> al-shabaab chief mukhtar abu zubayr has a reputation for being secretive , merciless .  zubayr wants his group to be able to deliver devastating attacks beyond somalia .  he formally declared al-shabaab an affiliate of al qaeda .  zubayr 's tactics have led to dissent in his group , which he has ruthlessly suppresse .
 opinion : apple 's new ios follows the leader <sec> douglas rushkoff : apple 's new ios represents incremental step into future .  he says new design is right for a digital world ; it does n't rely on icons of physical world .  apple is following microsoft in making this change in approach , rushkoff says .  rushkoff : apple lost ability it had under steve jobs to force users to follow its lea .
 jimenez leads at halfway as woods well-placed for challenge <sec> 49-year-old miguel angel jimenez leads british open .  popular spaniard on 139 -- three under par -- at muirfield .  tiger woods firmly in contention just one adrift .  phil mickelson drops back after four-putt gree .
 skyrocketing water bills mystify , anger residents <sec> atlanta woman reacts to her $ 3,000 water bill : i 'm `` sinking in a hole of water '' .  city water officials received more than 22,000 calls in january .  many problems arise after installation of automated water meters .  similar water bill spikes reported in ohio , massachusetts , north carolina and florid .
 john stamos comes up empty at 'full house ' location <sec> john stamos took a photo next to tourists looking at the `` full house '' home .  the san francisco house is a popular tourist attractio .
 'unparalleled ' photos of the civil rights era <sec> the steven kasher gallery will be showing powerful photos from the 1965 selma marches .  included are images from the late charles moore , whose civil rights work is legendar .
 ferrari : schumacher may join mercedes <sec> ferrari believe f1 legend michael schumacher will come out of retirement .  president luca di montezemolo says seven-time world champion will join mercedes .  the 40-year-old was unable to make comeback with ferrari due to neck injury .  the german told di montezemolo there is a strong chance he will sign for mercede .
 solar-powered plane completes 26-hour flight <sec> solar plane completes a 26-hour test flight in switzerland .  `` solar impulse '' project co-founded by swiss balloonist bertrand piccard .  plane has nearly 12,000 separate solar cell .
 china cracks down on chongqing 's gangsters <sec> anti-corruption drive in chongqing implicates millionaires , gangsters , police .  campaign has spotlighted organized crime , how it has infested local bureaucracy .  city 's economic boom has led to the resurgence of local gangs .  criminal trials are underway as the city fights at least 14 mafia-style gang .
 people use smartphones nearly an hour a day , study says <sec> iphone users typically spend more time on their phones than android users , study finds .  americans are on their smartphones an average of 58 minutes each day , it says .  people with android phones spend more time talking and visiting website .
 jim lehrer to leave pbs anchor chair <sec> lehrer steps aside on june 6 .  he will appear `` on many friday evenings '' to moderate a panel .  he began his pbs career on the `` robert macneil report '' in 1975 .  the show was renamed `` the newshour with jim lehrer '' in 199 .
 a solution for lost gadgets ? more gadgets <sec> bringrr alerts its owners with a buzzing tone if they 've left their phone behind .  find my iphone allows users to track the gps coordinates of their cell phones .  some say more expensive cell phones make these aids more useful for consumer .
 karzai : 'the afghan people need peace ' <sec> new : president hamid karzai says the united states , pakistan should support taliban talks .  karzai says afghanistan is ready to take over security .  he defends his criticisms of nato operation .
 dozens of young somalis in scandinavia embrace jihad <sec> dozens of young ethnic somalis living in scandinavia have embraced jihad .  norwegian officials investigating whether one of westgate mall attacks had lived there .  teenage sisters of somali origin left home in norway last week , apparently for syria .  one ethnic somali tried to murder cartoonist who depicted prophet mohamme .
 man loses balance , falls to his death after game at shea <sec> police said man lost his balance on an escalator as fans left the stadium .  he died about 25 minutes later at booth memorial hospital .  police are investigating the death as an acciden .
 old line civil rights groups blew it on net neutrality <sec> traditional civil rights groups like naacp backed isps in opposing net neutrality .  van jones : the groups blew it , net neutrality is good for communities of colo .
 family of killed bounty deckhand sues shipowners <sec> deckhand claudene christian , 42 , died when hms bounty sank in hurricane sandy .  family sues ship 's owners for $ 90 million , alleging negligence and reckless conduct .  u.s. coast guard and federal transportation officials are investigating the shipwreck .  body of bounty 's longtime captain , robin walbridge , was never recovere .
 five things not to do in the er <sec> experts : call your doctor on the way to the emergency room .  do n't call an ambulance unless you absolutely need it .  try to be polite to the er personnel , and do n't lie or misrepresent anything .  as a last resort , call the hospital administrator on cal .
 watson clinches zurich classic after playoff <sec> american bubba watson wins the zurich classic in new orleans .  watson beat compatriot webb simpson on the second playoff hole .  world number three luke donald finishes three shots back on 12-under pa .
 bolt makes history with 200m triumph at london olympics <sec> usain bolt wins men 's 200m gold to complete historic sprint double .  david rudisha of kenya breaks his own world record in the men 's 800m .  rudisha takes gold in one minute 40.91 seconds .  caster semenya qualifies fastest for women 's 800m fina .
 it 's never too late to be fabulous at the ms. senior florida pageant <sec> the ms. senior florida pageant was held march 29 in vero beach , florida .  contest is open to women 60 and older ; the winner goes to the ms. senior america pageant .  contestants are judged on an interview , their life philosophy , and evening gown presentation .  winner julianne talley described medical battles and her desire to inspir .
 blackwater ceo 's opening statement <sec> erik prince , ceo of blackwater usa , testifies before house panel .  hearings held amid an fbi probe into a shootout involving blackwater personnel .  prince : `` i believe we acted appropriately at all times .
 opinion : nba , show some spine : sterling has got to go <sec> mel robbins : after racist audio , nba should publicly strip donald sterling of franchise rights .  she says the audio not yet authenticated , but sterling trails racist history unchecked by nba .  she says team showed outrage by altering uniforms ; they should have boycotted game instead .  robbins : there will be a lot of talk ; what 's needed is bold action . .  nba , go big or go hom .
 obama claims big win in south carolina <sec> new : blowout win for obama in south carolina .  clinton finishes ahead of edwards , cnn projects .  47 percent decided on vote at least a month ago , exit polls indicate .  edwards : `` i feel good about how things are moving right now .
 mourinho allays fears over ronaldo 's champions league fitness <sec> jose mourinho says cristiano ronaldo will probably play in champions league tie .  portugal striker is not in squad for la liga game against hercules on saturday .  ronaldo picked up a thigh injury a week ago but should be fit for lyon match .  mourinho claims barcelona get preference over real in fixture schedulin .
 lea michele speaks out about monteith 's death , upcoming 'glee ' tribute <sec> lea michele is talking about the death of boyfriend cory monteith .  says she feels like she lost two people : monteith and his character .  the series will have a memorial episode in his hono .
 nick harkaway 's 'tigerman ' tells tale of a wannabe dad <sec> in nick harkaway 's `` tigerman , '' a soldier becomes a self-made superhero to impress a kid .  harkaway says the novel is about `` the power of paternal and filial love '' .  justice and vengeance figure heavily in `` tigerman '' similar to another hero with dad issues .  harkaway 's father is the famous spy novelist john le carré .
 apparently this matters : actual music videos on mtv <sec> for independence day , mtv and vh1 dedicated 12 hours to music videos .  youtube and other new media have changed the music landscape .  `` party rock anthem '' is as good as penicilli .
 dog walker 'met man from another planet ' <sec> national archives releases details of recorded ufo sightings from 1987 to 1993 .  one woman claimed to have met a man from another planet while walking dog .  officials briefed ministers about 1990 ufo sighting over scotland .  ministry of defence abandoned plans for ufo database fearing pr disaste .
 commentary : truck stop dentist feels no pain <sec> bob greene : dentist in iowa found ingenious way of boosting his business .  he says dentist set up a thriving practice at a busy truck stop on interstate 80 .  greene : traffic ensures there will be some truckers in need of dental care .  he says the dentist ca n't rely on return business from his patient .
 former los angeles boxer arrested in 1987 murder of his manager <sec> exum speight , 50 , is arrested in a los angeles suburb and faces murder charge .  his manager , douglas stumler , was found slain in his los angeles apartment in 1987 .  in 1996 , speight fought boxer who is now the world heavyweight champ .  police solve case under federal `` solving cold cases with dna '' gran .
 'final countdown ' actor james farentino dies <sec> farentino 's acting resume includes more than 100 tv roles .  he played the father of george clooney 's character in tv 's `` er '' .  farentino won the 1967 `` most promising newcomer '' golden glob .
 image shows north korea rocket on launch pad <sec> satellite imagery shows rocket at launch site in northeastern north korea .  north korea says it will launch a commercial satellite atop a rocket between april 4-8 .  u.s. defense secretary robert gates says rocket aims to boost military capability .  u.s. navy ships capable of shooting down missiles moved to sea of japa .
 ex-san diego mayor bob filner sentenced in assaults on women <sec> ex-mayor bob filner sentenced monday for forcibly kissing , grabbing women .  filner apologizes to the three women in court .  the prosecution says he humiliated , scared , sexualized and devalued the victims .  filner served in congress for 20 years before his election as mayor in 201 .
 rapes in congo increase , aid group says <sec> aid group says rape reports increase as fighting intensified .  group surveys girls under 17 at various refugee camps .  violence in eastern congo has displaced an estimated 250,000 peopl .
 should cambodian 'blood antiquities ' be returned ? <sec> writers : met and sotheby 's have ancient figures thought to have been looted in cambodia .  u.s. authorities have attempted to seize sotheby 's figures ; now cambodia seeking those at met .  vlasic , davis say some in art world act the victim because cambodia wants its art back .  writers : why would anyone want stolen art ? .  both sides must make reasonable concession .
 india 's construction time bomb threatens thousands <sec> india has seen a number of deadly building collapses in recent months .  on june 28 , building collapses in delhi and chennai claimed more than 70 lives .  critics point to a lack of safety enforcement and the use of substandard material .
 who are the 'ndrangheta ? <sec> six young italians found shot in the head in western german city of duisburg .  five were dead when authorities arrived , one died later .  the victims were between 16 and 39 years old , police say .  police believe the killings may be linked to organized crime in ital .
