 u.s. gas prices down 32 cents from 2012 peak <sec> cheaper crude oil prices , more plentiful supply keeps gas prices falling in the united states .  the average per gallon price is now $ 3.65 , according to the latest lundberg survey .  the cheapest gas was found in billings , montana ; the most expensive was in chicag .
 former massachusetts senator edward brooke has died <sec> former massachusetts republican sen. edward brooke died saturday at the age of 95 .  he was the first black republican senator elected to office since reconstruction .  leaders from both parties -- including the president -- mourn his death and praised his work in the legislative bod .
 diplodocus longus dinosaur for sale . yes , really . <sec> diplodocus longus dinosaurs are believed to have roamed earth 150 million years ago .  some museums house rare diplodocus longus skeletons or plaster replicas .  the sons of paleontologist raimond albersdoerfer found a complete skeleton in wyoming .  the skeleton -- known as `` misty '' -- will be auctioned in late november in englan .
 man who murdered john lennon up for parole again <sec> mark david chapman will be interviewed by parole board members in august .  in 2008 parole was denied `` due to concern for the public safety and welfare '' .  he has served 29 years of his sentence of 20 years to lif .
 europe warned of mumbai-style terror attacks <sec> man talks about a `` mumbai-style '' attack in europe , official says .  he attended the same mosque in hamburg as 9/11 hijacker atta .  europe plot is one factor in the increase in drone attacks in pakistan .  u.s. officials say they are taking advantage of what they call `` precise intelligence .
 sec : countrywide execs to get millions in stock <sec> countrywide ceo angelo mozilo is set to receive $ 10 million .  countrywide president david sambol will get about $ 9 million .  bank of america agreed in january to buy the struggling mortgage lender .  lawmakers have chastised the executives for helping foster the mortgage crisi .
 cruz : school choice is civil rights issue <sec> texas sen. ted cruz labels school choice `` the most compelling civil rights issue of the 21st century '' .  cruz 's comments come at a time of racial unrest in the wake of two recent grand jury decisions .  the potential 2016 gop presidential contender will lead a subcommittee on the constitution in the new congres .
 ucf plotter checked off to-do list except for one : 'give them hell ' <sec> james seevakumaran 's roommate says , `` i was not going to let him shoot me '' .  seevakumaran , 30 , had about 1,000 rounds of ammo and four homemade bombs , police say .  video shows him pulling a fire alarm , then returning to his ucf room where his weapons were .  seevakumaran 's family calls him a loner ; authorities do n't know his motive for the alleged plo .
 new defection leaves pakistan with minority government <sec> 'the government is failing itself , ' mqm official says .  the second-largest party in pakistan 's government quits .  the country 's prime minister says the government will survive the walkou .
 panama : north korea to pay fine for release of ship found with arms <sec> panama says it found fighter jets , explosives aboard north korean ship last year .  north korea has agreed to pay $ 666,666 for the release of the ship , panama says .  most of the ships crew members will also be allowed to leave the country .  the weapons came from cuba , which said they were going to be repaired in north kore .
 'american idol ' finals : backstage scoop from keith urban and finalists <sec> `` american idol '' is down to the final contestants .  kree harrison and candice glover wowed the audience .  judge keith urban `` was really taken with the original songs .
 nungesser : one year since gulf spill , 'who 's in charge ? ' <sec> plaquemines parish president billy nungesser is among those dealing with the spill .  `` a year later , i ca n't look you in the eye and tell you who 's in charge , '' he says .  oil continues to hit the shores of louisiana , nungesser tells cnn 's eliot spitzer .  `` we need full disclosure by bp and the coast guard , so this never happens again .
 feds probe -- for a 3rd time -- loss of billions in iraqi funds <sec> stuart bowen 's job is to try to find out what happened to $ 6.7 billion in missing funds .  the money belonged to iraq , but u.s. taxpayers might be on the hook .  `` the system was too loose and unregulated in 2003 and 2004 , '' bowen say .
 former spanish king faces paternity suit <sec> a court will study a paternity lawsuit brought against the former king of spain .  a woman from belgium alleges juan carlos had a relationship with her mothe .
 mental health files of virginia tech gunman released <sec> files show dialogue between cho seung-hui and vt 's cook counseling center .  report : cho talked to suitemate about suicide because `` everybody just hates me '' .  university says it was `` deeply dismayed by the prolonged unavailability '' of the file .
 oil inspectors took company gifts , watchdog group finds <sec> report : inspectors got meals , tickets to sports events from companies they monitored .  events in report predate deepwater horizon blast ; rig standards to be investigated .  agency says `` the acceptance of gifts from oil and gas companies '' was widespread .  coziness between some in minerals management service , oil and gas industry allege .
 hollywood star sienna miller told daniel craig she loved him , but ... <sec> new : miller says she had never had a `` relationship , '' with craig ; `` it was a brief encounter '' .  new : her hacked voice mail saying she loved him causes a light moment in court .  former news of the world journalist dan evans says his editor knew of the hacking .  former editors andy coulson and rebekah brooks deny the charges against the .
 'pregorexia ' : extreme dieting by pregnant women <sec> `` pregorexia '' is used to describe pregnant women who are obsessive about weight gain .  30 % of pregnant women in the u.s. wo n't gain enough weight during pregnancy , doctors say .  focus on pregnant celebrities ' weight affects other pregnant women , says one author .  women with past eating disorders are more likely to have food issues in pregnanc .
 railroad in new york train derailment announces safety upgrades <sec> metro-north railroad to add safety measures ordered by gov . .  andrew cuomo .  changes include warnings of speed reductions , emergency braking .  a train derailed in the bronx when it entered a curve at 82 mph , killing 4 and injuring 6 .
 seal who says he shot bin laden details lead-up to raid - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the former seal has dismissed criticism surrounding his decision to go public .  robert o'neill initially was n't slated to be part of team that would raid compound .  `` the more we trained on it the more we realized this is gon na be a one-way mission , '' he sai .
 why bias holds women back <sec> a new study shows established scientists are biased against women in science .  meg urry : most of us have unconscious expectation that men are leaders .  she says we ca n't be gender-blind or color-blind , even when we think we are .  urry : we must acknowledge our inner biases and try our best to avoid the .
 report : thieves entered through tunnel in buenos aires bank heist <sec> investigators find a tunnel between a bank and a nearby rented business .  the robbery occured over the new year 's holiday weekend .  the bank says suspects broke into at least 130 safe-deposit boxe .
 britain evacuates all embassy staff after iran protesters storm compounds <sec> new : the netherlands recalls its ambassador to iran for consultations .  britain has closed its embassy in tehran after an attack tuesday .  britain has also ordered the immediate closure of the iranian embassy in london , hague says .  france and germany recall their ambassadors for consultation .
 be happy ! facebook app 'my birthday calendar ' is ok <sec> viral warning about my birthday calendar on facebook are false .  security firm , snopes say it does no more than other apps on the site .  facebook users should visit app settings to control what others se .
 do n't try to be sexy at the grammys <sec> cbs sent a wardrobe advisory e-mail to grammy attendees to cover up well .  dean obeidallah : the note is not only hilarious , it 's also sexist toward women .  he says maybe cbs is trying to appease conservatives like laura ingraham .  obeidallah : artists should be able to dress as creatively and provocatively as they choos .
 pakistan taliban pick fazlullah as new leader , spokesman says <sec> new : the pakistan taliban says they will focus attacks in punjab province .  the pakistan taliban choose maulana fazlullah as their new leader .  he might be linked to the assassination attempt against malala yousafzai .  he is believed to be ordering attacks from afghanista .
 group to focus on saving amphibians <sec> amphibian survival alliance aims to save threatened frogs , toads , salamanders .  one in three of 6,000 recognized amphibian species at risk of extinction , group says .  122 amphibian species have gone extinct since 1980 , group says .  amphibian species could help in development of medicines , scientist say .
 ex-freedom fighter kenneth kaunda on africa 's new battles <sec> kenneth kaunda became zambia 's first president after independence in 1964 .  during the country 's struggles , kaunda was jailed twice by the colonial authorities .  once in power , he governed for 27 years under one-party rule .  twenty years out of politics , kaunda continues to campaign against the spread of aid .
 samsung unveils galaxy s iii smartphone with face , voice recognition <sec> samsung galaxy s iii smartphone unveiled thursday in london .  phone features a huge 4.8-inch screen and 8-megapixel camera .  samsung has passed nokia as world 's best-selling mobile phone maker .  phone available may 29 in europe , in asia and the united states this summe .
 cruz wo n't endorse mcconnell to lead new gop majority <sec> ted cruz declines to say whether he 'll vote for mcconnell to become new senate majority leader .  americans are `` frustrated '' with washington , cruz says .  mcconnell has served in congress for three decade .
 north dakota tornado strikes oil field camp , destroys 12 rvs <sec> the tornado struck an oil field camp in western north dakota .  12 to 15 recreational vehicles were destroyed , the local sheriff 's department says .  nine people were injure .
 rebels say they are gaining ground in libya ; government disputes claim <sec> new : government spokesman : al-zawiya is `` absolutely under our control '' .  rebels say they are in control of the coastal city of al-zawiya .  rebels say they captured the town of garyan to the south .  a government spokesman calls the rebel efforts `` weak .
 cnn student news - december 20 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum 's newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 rash of hospitalizations linked to synthetic marijuana <sec> new york reports 160 hospitalizations related to synthetic marijuana .  gov . .  andrew cuomo issued a health aler .
 opinion : why biden wo n't win <sec> vice president joe biden said he 's thinking of running for the presidency in 2016 .  many democrats say they want hillary clinton to be their party 's nominee .  julian zelizer says vice presidents rarely win elections to succeed their presidents .  zelizer : vice presidents carry a lot of baggage , inheriting opposition and enemie .
 henry faces fifa rap over handball <sec> thierry henry face disciplinary action over his handball in world cup playoff match .  fifa president sepp blatter says their disciplinary committee will investigate .  fifa rules out use of extra officials or video technology at the finals .  blatter apologizes to irish officials for comments made over their request to be 33rd tea .
 syria death toll probably at 70,000 , u.n. human rights official says <sec> u.n. high commissioner for human rights said a month ago that death toll was 60,000 .  syria 's civil war has raged since march 2011 , partly inspired by arab spring protests .  in january , u.n. envoy urged the united nations security council to ac .
 vast majority of the world faces restrictions on religion , study finds <sec> study charts discrimination , violence , intimidation in 198 countries , territories .  it looks at how legal restrictions , social tensions restrict freedom of religion .  brazil rates lowest in religious legal controls , social conflict among 25 largest nations .  japan , u.s. , s. africa , italy , uk score well in religious freedom ; egypt , iran , bangladesh don ' .
 mexico pull out of 2018/2022 world cup bids <sec> mexico pull out of the bidding process to stage the 2018 and 2022 world cups .  the mexican football federation blamed financial concerns for their decision .  mexico were always considered one of the outsiders in the 2018/2022 tende .
 opinion : north korea is far from suicidal <sec> sung-yoon lee : despite threats , north korean leadership is n't crazy or suicidal .  lee : north korea 's goal is to get the u.s. to withdraw troops from south korea .  he says the regime 's strategy is to instill fear in south koreans and americans .  lee : the risk of north korea starting an all-out war is quite smal .
 leaders at brics summit speak out against airstrikes in libya <sec> leaders of brazil , russia , india , china and south africa meet in chinese resort city .  the five nations also call for more representation on the un security council .  controversial topics such as currency valuation are pointedly avoided .  south africa makes its first appearance at the brics summi .
 5 reasons malawi is africa 's next go-to destination <sec> malawi was named one of the top 10 places to visit in 2014 by lonely planet .  it 's noted for its wildlife and beaches .  malawi has friendly people , an easygoing vibe , lake malawi and good game park .
 big names miss out on 2012 africa cup of nations qualification <sec> nigeria and south africa fail to qualify for 2012 africa cup of nations .  super eagles eged out by guinea in group b after conceding late equalizer .  south africa also missed out on overall runner-u spot after being held at home .  ghana qualified along with mali , libya , niger , angola and tunisi .
 time to rethink ukraine deal <sec> fighting has erupted in past week at ukraine 's donetsk airport .  michael kofman : u.s. has no good choices , only hard decisions to mak .
 vetting military contractors : how did navy yard gunman get in ? <sec> new : the navy was aware of aaron alexis ' 2004 arrest and granted him clearance anyway .  new : expert : alexis `` should have been screened out early on in his enlistment '' .  alexis had at least eight incidents of misconduct in the navy , a defense official says .  lawmakers ask why the alleged gunman 's past did n't prevent his security clearanc .
 commentary : why did feds give spitzer a pass ? <sec> sunny hostin : ashley dupre was advised not to talk about eliot spitzer .  hostin says the ex-governor was treated leniently by the u.s. attorney .  she says prostitution is not a victimless crime and should be punished .  hostin : why did the u.s. attorney give spitzer a complete pass .
 berlin wall 25th anniversary : remembrance and hope <sec> the berlin wall came down 25 years ago , as the cold war ended .  germans celebrate sunday anniversary with services , performance art , concert .  germans tried to break out of the former communist dictatorship in east germany .  they cleared the wall using various methods , but 200 paid with their live .
 i 'm a male feminist . no , seriously <sec> male feminist john brougher says feminism conjures images of radical ideology .  brougher identifies as a male feminist and often has to defend his position .  men have a crucial role to play in quashing sexism , says broughe .
 confessions of a compulsive declutterer <sec> her childhood with a hoarder mother has defined a dramatic decluttering lifestyle .  her greatest de-cluttering challenges are her sons zain , 11 , and zach , 8 .  she worries her fear of clutter is depriving her sons a sense of control over their environmen .
 steubenville , weary of investigation , not done yet <sec> `` adults need to take responsibility and guide these children , '' victim 's mother says .  two steubenville teens arrested after twitter threats to victim , sheriff says .  prosecutors will ask a grand jury to investigate the possibility of additional charges .  ag mike dewine says it would be wrong to blame steubenville alon .
 kate winslet expecting third child <sec> `` titanic '' actress has confirmed she is pregnant .  it will be her third child .  she married new husband in 201 .
 can 'the walking dead ' scare up viewers ? <sec> new amc series `` the walking dead '' has a passionate fan base .  epic zombie story is based on a series of popular comic books .  fans who have had sneak peeks are cautiously optimistic .  violence , gore could make it a tough sell to mass audience .
 radwanska puts sharapova to the sword <sec> agnieszka radwanska wins her second title of 2012 defeating maria sharapova 7-5 6-4 .  pole joins world no.1 victoria azarenka as the only multiple winner on wta tour this yea .
 autopsy : unc student shot multiple times <sec> autopsy : there were shotgun wounds to carson 's head and hand .  report lists six gunshot wounds , but it says two were probably from same bullet .  warrant shows she was kidnapped from her home and robbe .
 knowing when to quit : golf legend sorenstam displayed perfect timing <sec> annika sorenstam retired from professional golf in 2008 at only 38 .  she won 93 tournaments including 10 majors in glittering career .  the american-based swede is building a business empire .  sorenstam is married with two young childre .
 protests of bus fare increases bring violence in brazil <sec> riot police fire tear gas and rubber bullets into crowds of thousands in sao paulo .  at least 100 people were injured and more than 120 were arrested .  protesters want officials to revoke recent increases in public transportation costs .  daily newspaper folha de s. paulo says 7 of its reporters were shot with rubber bullet .
 filmmaker antoine fuqua on 'from mlk to today ' <sec> director antoine fuqua is filmmaker behind cnn 's `` from mlk to today '' .  fuqua discusses life , experiences with racism and the hope barack obama brings .  fuqua , director of `` training day , '' compares obama with denzel washington .  fuqua 's latest feature-length project , `` brooklyn 's finest , '' screened at sundance fes .
 fbi : mobster 'more powerful than a john gotti ' <sec> semion mogilevich accused of taking u.s. , canadian investors for $ 150 million .  fbi believes he moved on to manipulating international energy markets .  fbi : mogilevich 's business degree , large influence on nations make him dangerous .  alleged russian mobster known for his ruthlessness , power , business acume .
 fresh abuse claims rock rutgers ; athletic director denies accusations <sec> new : hermann : `` there is a vast difference between high intensity and abusive behavior '' .  new : the university 's president says the school stands by its choice .  in the 1990s , players said , julie hermann called them `` whores , alcoholics and learning disabled '' .  hermann picked to usher in a new era at rutgers ; officials praise her focus on student .
 gop legislator : boehner wo n't let government default on its debt - cnnpolitics.com <sec> obama cancels a trip to the apec summit because of the shutdown .  republican : boehner says he 'd allow debt ceiling vote that relies on democrats to pass .  president obama slams `` reckless republican shutdown '' .  a gop legislator describes republicans as `` very unified '' despite reports of divisio .
 the food recall safety check <sec> find the fda 's official report for the recalled product .  if the product is within the use-by date , it should still be recalle .
 suspected killer on u.s . marshals 'most wanted ' list nabbed in italy <sec> authorities allege miguel torres ambushed his wife in 2005 , then killed her .  he is charged with murder , but authorities had n't been able to track him down .  the u.s . .  marshals service put torres on its 15 most wanted list in 2011 .  torres is arrested in italy , where he was believed to be living and using an alia .
 commentary : rihanna may not be alone <sec> leslie steiner : i was victim of domestic violence many years ago .  she says such abuse is prevalent and cuts across all demographic groups .  our culture encourages women to nurture even abusive men , she says .  steiner : exposing children to such violence perpetuates cycle in next generatio .
 fitting tribute to luis aragones as former team atletico top la liga <sec> atletico madrid top la liga after 4-0 home win over real sociedad .  tributes paid to luis aragones before the match in vicente calderon .  aragones is a former atletico player and coach .  cristiano ronaldo sent off as real madrid held by athletic bilba .
