 fresh protests break out in turkey after boy dies <sec> turkey 's president says he shares the family 's pain , news agency reports .  berkin elvan was hit in the head by a tear gas canister last summer .  he was in a coma in the hospital for nine months .  his family wants the government to take responsibilit .
 muslims observe day of prayer in washington <sec> new : speaker calls u.s. `` one of the best places in the world to live '' .  prayer event sought to inspire muslims and all americans , one organizer says .  event drew protesters , criticism from christian leader , `` very nasty e-mails .
 new zealand 's parliament votes to legalize same-sex marriage <sec> parliament votes 77-44 on bill 's third reading .  law expected to take effect in four months , local media report .  uruguay same-sex marriage measure awaits president 's signature .  if new zealand and uruguay 's measures take effect , 13 nations would allow same-sex marriag .
 boy not allowed to get life-saving transplant in japan <sec> hiroki ando , 11 , suffers from cardiomyopathy , which inflames and impairs the heart .  he ca n't get heart in japan because people under 15 not allowed to donate organs .  hiroki 's family raised $ 1.7 million in donations to send hiroki to new york for surger .
 scottish currency dilemma causes pound-ing headache <sec> scotland 's bid for freedom will ultimately come down to which currency it would use , nina dos santos writes .  scotland has four options -- each with their own risks and unknowns .  it could keep on using the pound -- with or without the uk government 's blessing .  it could also seek to join the euro or create its own currenc .
 has pinterest has created unrealistic expectations for parents ? <sec> honest toddler 's bunmi laditan says pinterest has created unrealistic expectations .  she managed to avoid the holiday pinterest craze but succumbed with the tooth fairy .  in a blast of creativity , laditan decorated her kids ' room with snacks and glitter .  she says the kids ' reaction made the effort worthwhile but set a high ba .
 smoke rises from radio france building in paris <sec> new : firefighters put out flames at radio france 's headquarters in paris .  new : there were no reports of injuries .  the fire started in part of the building that was unoccupied and under construction .  it was n't immediately clear what started the fir .
 'magic mike xxl ' trailer and poster released <sec> 'magic mike xxl ' will be released in july .  a steamy trailer was released for the sequel to the movie about male strippers .  channing tatum returns as the titular dance .
 primary problems : gop women struggle to come out on top - cnnpolitics.com <sec> rutgers university study finds gop women struggle to win primaries .  former miss america and ivy leaguer erika harold faced tough congressional primary .  some republican women the blame primary system , a lack of support as problems in gop elections .  a more open primary system could help more republican women run , get elected to offic .
 cameroon join nigeria and ivory coast in world cup finals in brazil <sec> nigeria and ivory coast first african teams into world cup finals .  nigeria beat ethiopia 2-0 for 4-1 aggregate victory in two legged playoff .  ivory coast hold senegal in caseblanca to go through 4-2 on aggregate .  new : cameroon join them sunday with 4-1 win over tunisi .
 cuban church identifies 12 more dissidents for release <sec> the 12 dissidents would be part of largest prisoner release in a decade .  they were detained in a 2003 crackdown .  release follows visit by spanish foreign ministe .
 obama vows urgent action as children flock into u.s. illegally <sec> `` i want to see my parents , '' honduran teen tells cnn .  60,000 unaccompanied juveniles expected to cross in 2014 , border patrol official says .  `` consulates ca n't keep up , '' and they 're `` in limbo , '' department of homeland security official says .  obama calls it an `` urgent humanitarian situation .
 3 more bodies from cleveland sex offender 's home identified <sec> police have discovered 10 bodies and a skull at home of sex offender anthony sowell .  authorities identify amelda hunter , 47 , crystal dozier , 38 , michelle mason , 45 on saturday .  two of the three women had not been reported missing before bodies discovered .  sowell is on suicide watch in jail after being denied bond on charges of murder , rape , assaul .
 opinion : why so few clues about missing malaysia flight ? <sec> pilot bill palmer : it 's not surprising that there was no distress call from flight 370 .  he says pilots are trained to focus on maintaining control of aircraft above all .  he says finding flight data recorders , wreckage key to understanding what happened .  palmer : based on plane 's last position , the search area is extremely larg .
 hundreds die of cholera in nigeria , cameroon <sec> flooding fuels an outbreak in nigeria .  `` the entire country is at risk , '' the government says .  a cholera epidemic is also raging in neighboring cameroo .
 student attacks stoke india-australia tensions <sec> spate of attacks on indian students in australia makes headlines in india .  students say attacks racially motivated ; authorities say they are crimes of opportunity .  attacks have stoked political tensions between new delhi , canberra .  more than 80,000 indian students attend australian universitie .
 america 's tallest peak a bit shorter <sec> north america 's tallest peak is 83 feet shorter .  the 20,320 height had stood since 1952 .  project will produce 11,000 new maps of alaska by 201 .
 magazine vows to print pics of pregnant , bikini-clad duchess of cambridge <sec> the italian magazine , chi , says it will print photos of the duchess of cambridge on holiday .  the photos show her in `` a small bikini that enhances her now visible ( baby ) bump , '' chi says .  a disappointed st. james 's palace says the pics violate her privacy .  chi was among the publications to run photos of catherine sunbathing topless last yea .
 clinton to suspend campaign , bucking for vp bid ? <sec> new : clinton will suspend presidential campaign saturday , sources say .  obama , clinton spoke by phone wednesday , but vp slot was not discussed .  rangel says clinton could 've been `` far more generous '' on tuesday night .  obama says he 's `` very confident '' he can unite democrats by novembe .
 u.s. crab tycoon faces new criminal charges in russia <sec> crab merchant arkadi gontmakher says he is in poor health .  his company was once the largest importer to the u.s. of russian seafood .  he 's being charged with counts similar to those of which he was previously acquitte .
 no injuries reported in french nuclear plant fire <sec> the cause of the fire at the penly nuclear plant is under investigation .  there was no release or radiation , and there were no injuries , the owner says .  the plant is on the english channel coast in northern franc .
 a look at the last u.s. soldier executed by the military <sec> army pvt . .  john bennett executed in 1961 for raping austrian girl .  case would probably be controversial today ; black soldier 's defense was reportedly ineffective .  26-year-old ammunition handler had mental defects not addressed at trial , paper says .  number of blacks executed in military was disproportionate to whites , yale prof say .
 speculation , anticipation as obama 's vp announcement nears <sec> democratic vp candidate gives big speech next wednesday at convention .  barack obama 's campaign sends e-mail with subject : `` vice presidential ... '' .  evan bayh , joe biden , tim kaine considered top tier contenders .  obama has big campaign event saturday ; vp pick could join hi .
 uk police call off search for essex lion <sec> the search for a lion in essex , near london , has been called off .  however , twitter has been active with lion `` sightings '' .  the search came after holidaymakers said they saw a lioness in a fiel .
 review : 'inkheart ' as vividly real as it is impossible <sec> entertainment weekly reviews iain softley 's adaptation of `` inkheart '' .  `` inkheart '' is best-selling 2003 young-adult novel by cornelia funke .  literature lover has dangerous talent for bringing characters from books to life .  film stars brendan fraser , paul bettany , helen mirren and eliza hope bennet .
 mission to fix hubble telescope postponed <sec> nasa 's plans to service hubble space telescope suffer another setback .  ground testing of a critical replacement computer taking longer than expected .  `` delivery in april to support a may launch , '' nasa manager predicts .  more than six months of work will be needed to get it ready to fl .
 christie 'disturbed ' by obama on isis <sec> chris christie : obama should have owned intelligence failures on isis .  christie to cnn : 'makes people a little less certain of his footing on these things ' .  christie is a potential republican presidential candidate in 201 .
 u.s. army sending armored convoy 1,100 miles through europe <sec> armored u.s. army strykers to make trek to display solidarity with u.s. allies .  16-ton armored vehicles usually moved long distances by rail .  move is latest nato military display after russian actions in ukraine , crime .
 man mauled by tiger after scaling calgary zoo fences <sec> men scaled perimeter fence , safety fence in front of tiger cage , officials said .  man suffers serious injuries , but not life threatening , after attack .  officials believe man was hooked by tiger 's claw after pressing up against cage .  curator : `` vitali has certainly done nothing wrong here . .  it 's his natural behavior .
 philadelphia cops charged in video beating <sec> surveillance video of a police beating reveals officers falsified their report .  victim najee rivera had been charged with aggravated assault .  a grand jury dropped all charges against rivera .  this week the police officers were charged instead and have been suspended from the police forc .
 afghanistan : taliban carry out deadly attack on kabul election office <sec> new : five people lost their lives in the attack ; five militants also killed , afghan interior ministry says .  the gunbattle between taliban militants and afghan security services lasted five hours .  the militants stormed a local election commission office in the afghan capital , kabul .  the attack comes less than two weeks before the country 's april 5 presidential electio .
 fighting in somali capital leaves at least 20 dead <sec> somali forces fighting al qaeda proxy trying to impose strict islamic law .  the fighting has displaced more than a million somalis .  somalia has not had a stable government for nearly 20 year .
 museums ban selfie sticks <sec> london 's national gallery is the latest museum to ban the selfie stick .  even the creator of # museumselfie day supports the ba .
 part 5 : dunhuang to urumqi <sec> xinjiang province is home to the china 's ethnic uighur population .  turpan basin is second only to the dead sea as the world 's lowest depression .  islamic features appear both subtlety and prominently throughout turpa .
 who invented the gatorade shower ? <sec> book : new york giants defensive tackle jim burt popularized gatorade shower .  harry carson threatened president reagan with shower , but used popcorn .  miami dolphins head coach don shula ordered players not to shower him .  liquid tradition spread to the nba in 200 .
 cowboys tackle arrested after fatal crash <sec> josh brent was arrested in 2009 on dui charges .  jerry brown , a passenger was pronounced dead at a hospital .  brent , 24 , in his third season with the team , was booked into the irving city jail .  the incident occurred one day before dallas plays cincinnat .
 stephen collins : 'i did something terribly wrong ' <sec> stephen collins releases a statement to people about sexual contact with minors .  he says he 's been working to atone for what he did .  the actor also will be interviewed by katie couri .
 u.s. coalition needs mideast to beat isis <sec> new : official : u.n. security council will weigh a resolution on isis foreign fighters .  the obama administration announces a 10-member `` core coalition '' to fight isis .  the coalition may help , but nations around iran and syria will be the key , analysts say .  saudi arabia could play a major role , experts sa .
 macau casino boom fuelled by illicit cash <sec> macau tolerates illicit methods to bring money into the former portuguese colony .  underground banks using human mules to transport cash across the border .  macau had record gambling revenues from 16m mainland visitors last yea .
 mexican mayor , wife arrested in case of missing students <sec> mexico 's president says he hopes the arrests will help solve the case .  43 students , mostly young men studying to be teachers , were allegedly abducted 39 days ago .  official called mexican mayor , wife along with police chief the probable `` masterminds '' .  the mayor and his wife had been missing since the september 26 inciden .
 mikaela shiffrin crowned 'snow queen ' after slalom victory in zagreb <sec> mikaela shiffrin crowned `` snow queen '' in zagreb , croatia .  u.s. teenager won slalom event by record margin .  shiffrin second in overall world cup standing .
 editor in obscenity trial for childbirth photos <sec> news editor of zambian newspaper on trial for circulating obscene material .  chansa kabwela sent pictures of a woman giving birth in a parking lot to president .  she says she wanted to highlight problems in country 's healthcare system .  president banda branded the images pornographic and had kabwela arreste .
 media 's pointless speculation over election outcome <sec> howard kurtz : coverage of campaign has become a blur of polls and predictions .  he says in a race this close , speculating about the outcome is a waste of time .  media should n't focus on campaign officials predicting wins , he says .  kurtz : beware of exit poll leaks on tuesday ; they 're not reliabl .
 iberdrola ceo : high tax hurting european energy sector <sec> based in bilbao , iberdrola is also the world 's largest producer of wind energy .  iberdrola reported a 36 % fall in net profits in spain for 2012 despite heavy investment .  spain -- where iberdrola is headquartered -- is the eurozone 's fourth-largest econom .
 oman protesters unmoved by sultan 's offer <sec> new : demonstrators in oman 's second city close routes to the port and industrial area .  new : they demand more freedom , a new constitution and prosecution of security officials .  clashes were reported in the omani industrial town of sohar .  the sultan orders hiring of 50,000 people after weekend protest .
 u.s. to investigate unc 's handling of sex assault reports <sec> students say the university of north carolina sweeps sex assault claims under the rug .  administrators say they take such claims seriously .  the education department will investigate the women 's claims .  `` we 're not trying to vilify the university ... just trying to make it better , '' one student say .
 jumpin ' jack flashback ! rolling stones film from '65 released <sec> the first rolling stones documentary , 1965 's `` charlie is my darling , '' has been released .  the film captures the band mates , all in their 20s , on the edge of super stardom .  filmmaker mick gochanour uncovered the earliest footage of `` ( i ca n't get no ) satisfaction '' .  gochanour : `` it was like finding a picasso in grandma 's attic .
 couple 's weight loss just one success story <sec> angela and willie gillis lost a combined 500 pounds .  cnn readers shared their own weight loss success stories .  having someone to keep you accountable helps , reader say .
 fashion designer cole wants to inspire <sec> kenneth cole highlights public-spirited people in `` awearness '' .  fashion designer cole admires use of humor to leaven passion .  cole : fashion is relevant , even in tough time .
 mandating overtime pay hurts caregivers and seniors <sec> obama administration is revising labor rules to mandate overtime pay for home care workers .  jim reynolds : motive behind proposal is noble , but law will have opposite effect .  caregivers ' weekly wages would be higher if overtime pay were not required , he says .  reynolds : many seniors live on limited budgets and do n't want to pay higher rate for overtim .
 perfect ? old ana boeing 747 seats to go on sale <sec> seven 'premium ' sets of 747 seats are for sale .  starting price is around $ 5,400 .  seats are available only domestically in japa .
 mcdaniel may challenge mississippi vote , rangel wins - cnnpolitics.com <sec> six-term sen. thad cochran , r-mississippi , holds off tea party challenger .  longtime lawmaker charlie rangel claims victory in tough new york primary .  rep. james lankford wins gop senate primary in oklahoma .  mcdaniel weighing whether to challenge vot .
 beyonce , taylor swift , u2 among big grammy nominees <sec> beyonce , nominated for six grammys , is most-nominated female artist ever .  sam smith also has six nominations .  taylor swift is up for song and record of the yea .
 opinion : putin planning 'soviet union lite , ' ukraine a cornerstone <sec> what 's at stake in ukraine is not just crimea 's future , but the world order , ulrich speck says .  he says moscow has never accepted ukraine 's sovereignty and considers it in its sphere .  putin 's broader plan is to create a `` soviet union lite '' with ukraine the cornerstone , he says .  speck says the west must now decide whether to accept russia 's rule .
 india : danish woman tells police she was gang-raped in new delhi <sec> new : two arrests made , police say .  the 51-year-old woman says she was raped near a train station .  the woman says she was assaulted after she asked for directions , cnn-ibn reports .  violent crimes against women are in the spotlight in india after a 2012 gang-rape cas .
 one fund boston to distribute nearly $ 61 million to marathon victims <sec> at least 264 people were wounded and 3 were killed in boston marathon bombings .  a nonprofit is dividing nearly $ 61 million among 232 injured , and families of those killed .  the fund says the money is 100 % of all collections through june 2 .
 man gets 4 years for crashing plane , trying to fake death <sec> indiana 's marcus schrenker pleads guilty to federal charges .  authorities : schrenker intentionally crashed plane in january .  schrenker parachuted in alabama before plane crashed in florida .  schrenker also faces indiana charges , accused of defrauding investor .
 cdc responds to sick passenger on brussels flight <sec> health department : passenger had `` minor treatable condition unrelated to ebola '' .  cdc quarantines international flight in new jersey after a passenger became ill .  sick passenger and his daughter were taken to a hospital for evaluation .  incident comes amid heightened concerns after first case of ebola diagnosed in u.s .
 the most dramatic celebrity hair makeovers of 2011 <sec> `` glee '' actress dianna agron cut her blond waves into an edgy shag in august .  jennifer aniston chopped her long layers into a one-length bob .  in april , drew barrymore traded her two-tone ombre for blazing re .
 sifting through the mounting problem of e-waste <sec> export of electronic products for recycling creating health and environment problems .  developed nations that export e-waste criticized by many for lack of responsibility .  study from greenpeace suggest only around 20 percent recycled safely .  organized crime involved in e-waste trading according to un report in jul .
 cristiano ronaldo wins ballon d'or 2014 <sec> cristiano ronaldo wins the fifa ballon d'or 2014 .  ronaldo wins the award for second successive year and third time in total .  award for world footballer of the year voted for by national coaches , captains and world media .  germany international manager joachim low wins world coach of the yea .
 nigerian president announces 2011 election bid <sec> president goodluck jonathan will run in next month 's primaries .  he lauds achievements made under his leadership .  a bloc of politicians from the country 's north plan to challenge jonatha .
 musharraf , facing arrest , postpones return to pakistan <sec> party : pervez musharraf is waiting for court cases against him to be resolved in pakistan .  musharraf has lived in exile since 2008 .  the pakistani prime minister says musharraf will be arrested upon his return to pakistan .  the charges are in connection with bhutto 's assassinatio .
 review : 'marvel vs. capcom 3 ' offers impressive battles <sec> `` marvel vs. capcom , '' the popular fighting game , returns after 10 years .  revised fighting system allows beginners to start playing right away .  thirty-six characters are playable , with others available for downloa .
