 obama adds his voice to white house blues jam <sec> white house tribute ends with obama singing along to `` sweet home chicago '' .  b.b . .  king , mick jagger , buddy guy and others perform in the east room .  obama says blues music `` speaks to something universal '' .  the event was a pbs special in its white house performances serie .
 man united lose opening game as robin van persie makes his debut <sec> everton shock title hopefuls by beating alex ferguson 's side 1-0 in their opening game .  robin van persie started on substitutes ' bench after his transfer from arsenal .  newly promoted deportivo start their la liga campaign with a shock 2-0 win over osasuna .  bayern munich breeze through their first round dfb cup tie with jahn regensbur .
 'bully ' to play in regal theaters , treated as an r rated film <sec> `` we will treat the film [ bully ] like it was rated r , '' a regal cinema spokesperson .  the weinstein company decided on monday that it would release the film unrated .  the mpaa refused to lower the r rating it gave the film last mont .
 is happiness the secret of success ? <sec> the greatest advantage in the economy is a happy workforce , argues shawn achor .  achor says if you scan the world for the positive , you start to reap an advantage .  he explains how to train your brain to be positive at wor .
 peaceful preaching inside , violent message outside a new york mosque <sec> radical muslim converts defend violence against the u.s. outside a new york mosque .  inside the mosque , an imam preaches against terrorism .  authorities say the language walks `` right up to the line '' of free speech protection .  see the full investigation on `` ac 360 '' tonight , 10 e .
 grassley letter to holder demands more fast and furious answers <sec> new : `` we will respond appropriately , '' says a justice department official .  sen. grassley 's letter demands answers from attorney general holder .  at issue is a february 2011 memo that preceded a doj letter to grassle .
 balloon boy lawyer : sheriff is piling on <sec> authorities say story of boy in runaway balloon a hoax .  family wanted publicity for reality tv jobs , sheriff says .  official charges in the case could be filed next week .  lawyer says heene family deserves presumption of innocenc .
 second drone strike in hours hits pakistani militant hideout <sec> new : pakistan 's government condemns drone strikes .  at least five drones were flying near miranshah city .  the first strike occurred a few hours earlier .  a high-level commander with the haqqani network , haji gul , was among those kille .
 twisted sister says goodbye <sec> twisted sister 's 2016 tour will be its last .  band will celebrate 40 years in 2016 .  twisted sister drummer a.j . .  pero died in marc .
 chris noth : carrie bradshaw was 'a whore ' <sec> chris noth made a questionable joke in an australian paper .  the `` sex and the city '' actor called character carrie bradshaw `` a whore '' .  he also is n't happy with how `` sex and the city '' depicted new yor .
 gym mat death : attorneys call for release of surveillance video <sec> attorney : `` for some unknown reason , this tape has been withheld '' .  kendrick johnson , 17 , was found upside down in a rolled-up gym mat at high school .  second autopsy : teen 's death caused by `` apparent non-accidental '' trauma .  georgia law enforcement had said his death was accidenta .
 miss montana : autism does n't define me <sec> alexis wineman was diagnosed with a form of autism at 11 .  she won the miss montana competition last year .  wineman says the miss america pageant was `` my own personal everest .
 oprah to appear live on facebook <sec> oprah winfrey will be on for one hour on september 8 at 4:30 p.m . .  et .  oprah will answer questions shared by visitors to the facebook live event wall .  tv star 's official facebook page is liked by more than 6.2 million fan .
 u.s. weather : chilly midwest , stormy northeast <sec> lows in the 40s are expected in parts of the upper midwest early this week .  a dip in the jet stream is allowing cool air to go farther south than usual .  three inches of rain are possible along parts of the east coast through wednesda .
 attorney : joran van der sloot to marry in peruvian prison , become father <sec> joran van der sloot plans to marry in a peruvian prison .  convicted killer will be a father later this year .  he 's a suspect in the 2005 disappearance of natalee holloway in arub .
 appellate panel says 'do n't ask , do n't tell ' should stay during appeal <sec> new : pentagon spokesman calls ruling appropriate .  the case could now go to the full appeals court or the supreme court .  a lower court judge ruled the policy is unconstitutional .  the government appealed the lower court rulin .
 report : most states do poor job in guarding against corruption <sec> a joint study assesses u.s. states on corruption , accountability and transparency .  five states get b grades , 19 get cs , 18 scored ds and eight were considered failing .  `` state ethics , open records and disclosure laws lack one key feature : teeth , '' the report says .  new jersey gets the highest score and georgia gets the lowest in repor .
 next targets for slow-moving swell of water : mississippi , louisiana <sec> new : health departments warn of risks associated with flooding .  gov . .  bobby jindal says some 3 million acres of louisiana could be affected by flooding .  the forecast crest of 48 feet in memphis is just inches shy of the 1937 record .  louisiana and mississippi must now deal with rising waters as the crest works southwar .
 tough times bring new troubles on tax day <sec> new : more clients using credit cards to pay fees , tax preparer says .  tough economic times make it hard for some to pay tax bills .  irs offers installment payment plans , may be willing to negotiate .  couple hopes to use refund to save house from foreclosur .
 obama discusses further syrian intervention with european leaders <sec> new : al qaeda in iraq leader claims rebel al-nusra front part of joint effort .  cairo breaks diplomatic ties with damascus .  obama says more intervention `` should be done on our own timeline , '' british leader says .  russia warns the u.s. against a no-fly zone over syri .
 police : 3 terror suspects at nato summit were plotting to hit obama 's campaign hqs <sec> defense says 3 suspects are occupy protesters , but police say they 're `` black bloc '' anarchists .  three suspects allegedly stockpiled molotov cocktails and planned attacks on police .  defense team calls the allegations `` propaganda '' and says police infiltrated a peaceful group .  judge sets bails for each of the three suspects at $ 1.5 millio .
 case of young man tied to wall sparks national debate in netherlands <sec> a documentary profiled the 18-year-old male 's treatment at a mental hospital .  dutch lawmakers are re-examining the treatment of those in psychiatric care .  health official says his treatment is in line with rules for restraining patients .  the hospital calls the man 's treatment an exceptional cas .
 home care workers deserve protections <sec> home care workers are not protected by federal minimum wage and overtime laws .  catherine ruckelshaus : the labor department must change the rules .  demand for in-home care will continue to rise , she says .  ruckelshaus : unless we improve industry conditions , we wo n't have enough worker .
 house gop launches shutdown battle by voting to defund obamacare - cnnpolitics.com <sec> president obama says conservative republicans holding the country hostage .  the gop-led house passes a spending plan that defunds obamacare .  obama and democrats reject the measure , setting up a budget showdown .  without a new spending resolution , the government shuts down starting october .
 opinion : students win , teacher tenure loses in california case <sec> judge in california ruled the state 's tenure laws are unconstitutional .  he found that tenure denies students their right to a decent education .  mel robbins : teachers ' unions intend to appeal the ruling , which will become a national test case .  she says the unions are going to lose in the courts of law and the court of public opinio .
 tragedy inspires georgia woman to fight childhood obesity <sec> pamela green-jackson began crusade for youth fitness after her obese brother died .  youth becoming healthy teaches middle schoolers about exercise and nutrition .  the organization has helped about 4,000 children since 2004 .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open at cnn.com/heroe .
 google fights to save 3,054 dying languages <sec> some 50 % of the world 's total languages may die out by the year 2100 .  google on thursday launched a website devoted to language preservation .  the interactive site allows users to hear and 'read ' endangered languages .  uniting smaller preservation efforts under google may speed up preservatio .
 iran 's press tv disputes story of neda 's death <sec> press tv : no security forces in area when neda agha-soltan , 26 , was killed .  her death was captured on amateur video and posted online june 20 .  eyewitnesses say neda was shot by pro-government basij militiamen .  press tv say type of bullet that killed her not used by iranian security force .
 deadly fighting in afghanistan claims more lives <sec> militants kill eight people and injure at least 17 in latest attacks .  insurgents killed a coalition soldier in eastern afghanistan .  soldier 's name and nationality held until family members could be notifie .
 forget oprah , here are 10 alternative steps to redemption for lance armstrong <sec> in an interview with oprah winfrey , cyclist lance armstrong admits doping .  the disgraced athlete 's admission follows 7 tour de france wins .  armstrong had for many years denied using performance enhancing drugs .  barry neild looks at ways armstrong could try to repair his public imag .
 spurs appoint mauricio pochettino as new manager <sec> spurs appoint argentinean mauricio pochettino as their new manager .  pochettino joins from fellow english premier league club southampton .  the 42-year-old led saints to their highest ever epl finish last season .  pochettino signs a five-year deal at white hart lan .
 french court overturns armenian genocide denial law <sec> `` a grave mistake has been corrected , '' the turkish foreign ministry says .  `` the council deems the law unconstitutional , '' france 's highest court says .  president sarkozy calls for a new version of the law addressing the court 's concerns .  turkey denies genocide and says the deaths resulted from world war i fightin .
 former cnn talk show host tom braden dies at 92 <sec> tom braden was the creator and co-host of cnn 's `` crossfire '' .  braden died friday at age 92 in his denver , colorado , home of natural causes .  his show was first talk show to have conservative face off against a libera .
 guantanamo video watches , but does n't listen to privileged talks <sec> the device baffled defense lawyers at guantanamo .  military lawyer says no one was listening to privileged conversations .  a top u.s. commander says the device is used to watch what happens , but not liste .
 juventus takes advantage to move clear <sec> juventus ease to 3-0 win over atalanta to strengthen position at top of serie a .  milan up to seventh following 4-1 thrashing of pescara .  tottenham claims 1-0 win over swansea to reach 4th in epl .  borussia dortmund defeats hoffenheim while schalke sack coach huub steven .
 hayden : snowden -- facts , fictions and fears <sec> michael hayden : many have misconstrued nsa access to phone calls .  he says agency has information on calls but not content of the calls .  hayden says agency needs metadata on calls to track terrorists .  he says nsa was criticized in wake of 9/11 for not detecting the plo .
 5 alternative medicine treatments that work <sec> a number of alternative medical practices have solid science behind them .  acupuncture highly recommended for pain , nausea .  research mixed , but st. john 's wort viewed as worth a try for depressio .
 goalfest : brazil 's world cup on pace to blow up record books <sec> more goals , no draws : brazil has been an unusual world cup .  on average , 3.66 goals have been scored per match .  there have been no draws , but the average at this stage is 25 % .  five out of 12 teams that scored first went on to los .
 state agency to probe fatal florida boating accident <sec> fish and wildlife conservation commission takes lead in the investigation . .  boat crashed into tugboat , barge and dock under construction .  five people killed ; remaining seven taken to hospital with serious injuries .  rescuers had to use plywood panels to reach the passenger .
 experts : philly schools need to go beyond agreement to stop bullies <sec> schools need to be proactive about stopping bullying , expert says .  cnn education contributor steve perry says bullies must be brought to justice .  another expert says we can not rely solely on legal measures to solve proble .
 flirting 101 : coaches teach daters to cozy up <sec> dating coach tracey steinberg takes hopeful singles out on the town to learn how to flirt .  for people who overthink the process , flirting can be an exercise in paralyzing failure .  steinberg advises clients to keep things light and breezy but maintain good eye contact .  clients say they 've gained tools to talk to strangers regardless of the circumstance .
 weight loss success : dance class saved my life <sec> angela baldwin credits dance classes for helping her lose 127 pounds .  she wanted to `` curl up and die '' at her heaviest weight of 350 pounds .  dance fitness classes showed her she could be healthy and have fu .
 2 foreign workers shot dead in afghanistan <sec> the women , believed to be finnish , worked for the international assistance mission .  in 2010,10 foreign workers with the mission were killed by gunme .
 death toll reaches 12 in iraqi refugee camp violence <sec> police raid at camp led to clashes with iranian opposition group .  people 's mujahedeen organization of iran allied with saddam hussein in 1980s .  iran wants to see the camp shut down .  27 dead after bombs exploded near four shiite mosques in baghda .
 preacher 's killer 's right to visit kids upheld <sec> mary winkler convicted earlier this year of shooting her husband to death .  winkler served time and was released ; the couple had three children .  the children live with their grandparents , who oppose visitation .  winkler has not seen her children in 15 month .
 u.n. : soldiers from chad killed civilians in neighboring central african republic <sec> the u.n. accuses soldiers from chad of killing civilians in the central african republic .  nearly 30 people were killed and 300 injured in an attack on a market on march 29 .  christian and muslim militia groups are warring in the central african republic .  chad says it 's withdrawing troops from a peacekeeping role in the central african republi .
 how court 's non-decision helps gay marriage ( opinion ) <sec> jeffrey toobin : decision to let same-sex marriage rulings stand has big impact .  5 states with cases before court will allow same-sex marriage ; others likely will , too , he says .  toobin : liberal , conservative blocs could n't count on kennedy swing vote , perhaps .  toobin says the decision buys time ; it may sway kennedy if more states get equalit .
 qatar reach asian cup quarters as china crash out <sec> qatar ease through to the quarterfinals of the asian cup with 3-0 victory over kuwait .  goals from bilal mohammed , mohamed el sayed and fabio cesar secured win for hosts .  china draw 2-2 with group a winners uzbekistan to crash out of the tournament .  qatar to face winners of group b in last eight with japan appearing the likely opponent .
 peter capaldi 's new 'doctor who ' : the 5 biggest moments <sec> peter capaldi officially begins his run as the 12th doctor on saturday 's 'doctor who ' premiere .  the new doctor is very different from the last one .  jenna coleman 's clara is a standout in the episode .  previous doctor , matt smith , makes a surprise came .
 atlanta 'housewives ' reunion postponed <sec> `` real housewives of atlanta '' was scheduled to tape reunion special last week .  taping has been postponed in aftermath of death of a.j . .  jewell .  jewell was former fiancé of `` housewives '' cast member kandi burruss .  jewell 's presence still part of show , which was taped weeks ag .
 f1 teams 'will not pull out of bahrain gp ' <sec> leading f1 teams tell cnn they wo n't pull out of bahrain gp .  red bull and toro rosso say decision rests with fia .  bahrain gp due to take place april 22 .  decision should be made after this weekend 's shanghai g .
 civil rights hero caught in corruption probe to begin serving sentence <sec> bobby delaughter was hailed as hero after convicting the killer of medgar evers .  delaughter is headed to prison after pleading guilty in a corruption probe .  `` the man has now been destroyed , '' says medgar evers ' brother .  delaughter 's attorney : `` the penalty he 's paying is enormous .
 beckham is world 's highest earning player <sec> david beckham is the highest-paid footballer according to forbes .  forbes magazine has released a list of the top 20 highest paid players .  world player of the year for 2008 , cristiano ronaldo , is fifth on the list .  are there any players missing who you think deserve to be paid more .
 as skyscrapers rise , markets fall <sec> the opening of every single `` world 's tallest '' building in the past century has coincided with an economic downturn .  the burj khalifa opened just weeks after dubai had to receive a $ 10 billion bailout .  some researchers say skyscrapers are a physical manifestation of a boom and bust cycle in busines .
 sri lankan president makes conspiracy claims <sec> sri lankan president mahinda rajapaksa makes conspiracy claims .  sri lankan government troops continue advance into rebel territory .  civil war with tamil tigers has killed more than 65,00 .
 bombs hit evangelical bible school in sudan , group says <sec> rev . .  franklin graham 's group , samaritan 's purse , supports the school .  at least 8 bombs were dropped in the area during school 's first day of classes .  two bombs landed inside the compound , but no injuries were reported .  more than 78,000 have fled south kordofan and blue nile states since augus .
 ukrainian judge postpones yulia tymoshenko case ; move follows claims of abuse <sec> a judge has postponed a court hearing for yulia tymoshenko until may 21 .  judge konstantin sadovsky ruled the former prime minister can not be tried in absentia .  tymoshenko did not attend the hearing because of back pain , state media reported .  tymoshenko is serving seven years in prison for abuse of authorit .
 al jazeera journalist : i missed baby 's first months <sec> al jazeera english journalist baher mohamed released on bail from prison in egypt .  mohamed sentenced to 10 years for belonging to terrorist group , muslim brotherhood .  he vows to clear his name : `` they arrested us , not only me , i think to intimidate other journalists , to scare other journalists .
 sister : journalists jailed in north korea asked for clinton <sec> new : sister : euna lee `` skinny , '' laura ling struggling to talk because of isolation .  new : laura ling told family , `` it would have to be president clinton , '' lisa ling says .  laura ling plans to detail what transpired , sister says .  euna lee 's daughter keeps following her , lisa ling say .
 controversial dutch cup tie between az and ajax to be replayed behind closed doors <sec> az alkmaar - ajax dutch cup tie to be replayed on january 19 behind closed doors .  original game on december 22 abandoned when az goalkeeper attacked .  esteban alvarado was red-carded but this was subsequently revoked .  liverpool 's luis suarez banned for one-game for gesture to fulham fan .
 london 's v & a ; museum acquires world 's first 3d-printed gun <sec> london museum acquires world 's first 3d-printed gun .  the firearm is the invention of texan law student cody wilson .  the u.s. state department banned wilson from distributing the gun 's plans in ma .
 doctor found guilty of murder in philadelphia abortion case <sec> defense attorney : `` the jury spoke and we respect the jury 's verdict '' .  dr. kermit gosnell is convicted of three counts of first-degree murder .  a jury also finds him guilty of involuntary manslaughter .  the first-degree murder conviction means gosnell could face the death penalt .
 no way to stop us , pirate leader says <sec> piracy a life or death choice , somali pirate says .  as foreign trawlers took catch , somali fishermen turned to piracy , leader says .  pirates gain more than $ 150 million in ransom in past year , official says .  governments unable to stop pirates , leader say .
 damien hirst : chasing the art , not money <sec> damien hirst is thought to be the wealthiest living artist .  latest exhibition in hong kong features pink diamond encrusted baby 's skull .  he does not believe that money has got in the way of his ar .
