 u.s. beats france and will play japan in women 's world cup final <sec> united states into final of women 's world cup in germany .  u.s. beat france 3-1 in semifinal in moenchengladbach .  abby wambach and alex morgan score goals to break out of 1-1 tie .  new : u.s. will play japan who beat sweden 3-1 in second semifinal in frankfur .
 little rock nine set foundation for obama , students say <sec> carlotta walls lanier , eight others integrated little rock central high school .  in 1957 school was all-white ; today it 's predominantly african-american .  `` little rock nine set the foundation '' student says of obama presidency .  lanier hopes americans will focus on a person 's ability ; not their rac .
 milan cruise past bari in coppa italia <sec> serie a leaders ac milan reach the quarterfinals of the italian cup on thursday .  zlatan ibrahimovic scores the opening goal in a 3-0 victory over bari .  alexander merkel and robinho were also on target in the san siro win .  milan will now face sampdoria with a semifinal place for the winner .
 taylor verdict : why peace must accompany justice <sec> during sierra leone fighting , limbs were hacked off as punishment .  brima sheriff says survivors still struggle with mental and physical scars .  he says taylor 's conviction sends signal authorities moving to end impunity .  moves to hold perpetrators to account must be transparent and fair , he say .
 critics press obama on afghanistan withdrawal deadline <sec> new : sen. lindsey graham : withdrawl should only begin when conditions warrant it .  afghan and u.s. critics say troops should stay until success is assured .  obama has said withdrawal would start in july 2011 .  withdrawal also depends on situation on ground , obama say .
 william and catherine marry in royal wedding at westminster abbey <sec> new : the royal newlyweds leave buckingham palace in an open-topped aston martin .  a million people line the wedding route in london , police say .  prince william and catherine , duchess of cambridge , kiss on the balcony of buckingham palace .  the prince says `` you look beautiful '' as his bride arrives at the alta .
 suspect arrested and charged in buffalo shooting spree <sec> new : a 25-year old suspect is under arrest in connection with the shooting spree .  new : keith johnson has been charged with four counts of second degree murder .  eight people were shot , four fatally , at the city grill restaurant .  four others were injured and one is in critical conditio .
 jurors to decide on death sentence in connecticut home invasion <sec> new : defense attorney tells jurors to keep an open mind .  new : prosecution offers testimony on steven hayes ' prior convictions .  new : defense says hayes has struggled with drug addiction for years .  hayes could face the death penalty for killing a mother and daughter .
 mayor opposes razor wire on border fence <sec> razor wire could be placed atop the border fence near nogales , arizona .  the area is considered part of the border patrol 's tucson sector .  the tucson sector is a major drug and human trafficking corridor .  mayor , a nogales native , serves on southwest border task forc .
 kanye west fires back over wheelchair incident <sec> kanye west has responded to criticism over handicapped concert-goers .  he came under scrutiny for insisting that all audience members stand .  west called the response to the incident an attempt to demonize him .  west : `` i 'm a married christian man . .  ... .  pick another target .
 traditionalists set to split from episcopal church <sec> network of breakaway traditionalists expected to announce formation of rival province .  move comes after years of dispute over progressive direction of episcopal church .  tipping point for many was consecration of gay man as bishop of new hampshire .  new division expected to take in 100,000 from parishes that left episcopal churc .
 'rogue trader ' nick leeson : i wanted to kill myself <sec> nick leeson is dubbed the 'original rogue trader ' for bad trades which collapsed barings bank .  leeson now lives in ireland and has joined gdp partnership , an irish restructuring firm .  leeson said his time in a jail , with drug lords and sex offenders , made him consider taking his own life .  but he survived incarceration and colon cancer and has since rebuilt his lif .
 by the numbers : tampa , florida <sec> population of tampa , florida , is 346,037 .  port of tampa , one of the nation 's largest seaports , is 5,000 acres in size .  tampa international airport is only u.s. airport with onsite beer brewery .  the gop convention is tampa 's first national presidential conventio .
 landmark terrorism trial ends in acquittal on all but 1 count <sec> new : u.s. attorney to seek life sentence against ahmed khalfan ghailani .  defense lawyer : verdict reaffirms `` judicial system is the greatest ever devised '' .  a federal jury acquitted ghailani on all but one count of conspiracy-related charges .  ghailani was convicted of conspiracy to destroy government propert .
 finally , taylor swift 's '1989 ' is out <sec> swift 's new album is out monday .  billboard declared it her `` best work '' .  kelly clarkson covered `` shake it off '' at her concer .
 apparently this matters : ostrich pillow <sec> `` apparently this matters '' is cnn tech 's weekly , offbeat look at stories trending on the web .  this week , jarrett ponders the appeal of the viral ostrich pillow .  the project has raised more than $ 130,000 on kickstarter .  creators claim a nap with the pillow makes you 37 % more efficien .
 derek jeter to retire from yankees after 2014 <sec> derek jeter is 10th on the all-time hit list for major league baseball .  he has played all 19 seasons for the yankees , america 's most famous baseball team .  jeter , 39 , was injured much of last year .  he says one of the things he wants to do next is to start a famil .
 beloved new york diner begins move south <sec> the cheyenne diner , opened in 1940 , moves to its new home by birmingham .  preservationist hooked up with alabama businessman to save diner .  businessman : cheyenne will be the first free-standing diner in alabama .  celebrities from jerry lewis to david letterman were seen in new york dine .
 report reveals 1,400 cases of sexual exploitation <sec> abuses included gang rape , trafficking , beating , threats at gunpoint .  victims were as young as 11 years old , the report says .  social counselors , police , officials turned a blind eye , report says .  most suspects were ethnic minorities , and authorities were afraid of being branded racist .
 meteor explodes over arizona ; big meteor shower begins <sec> the largest meteor shower of the year , geminid , is cranking up .  the tucson meteor coincided with geminid , but was not part of it .  a resounding boom over tucson roused residents from their dinner tables tuesday .  a dash cam caught the meteor on vide .
 newtown searches for answers a month later <sec> a month after the newtown school massacre , the town still grieves .  residents plan to mark the day by unveiling a grass-roots campaign .  police chief and mayor support stricter gun control laws .  many governors have called for tighter gun restriction .
 richard ben cramer , influential campaign biographer , dies at 62 - cnnpolitics.com <sec> richard ben cramer , author of monumental `` what it takes , '' dead at 62 .  cramer remembered as generous , warm , a little stubborn .  `` what it takes '' called one of the great books on american politics in 20th century .  cramer 's other books included biography of joe dimaggio , thoughts on mideas .
 voyager 1 : 'the little spacecraft that could ' <sec> launched in 1977 , voyager 1 was part of a twin-spacecraft mission on a multi-planet tour .  a rare planetary alignment let the mission travel past jupiter , saturn , uranus , neptune .  the two voyagers have provided unparalleled insight into our solar system .  nasa announced voyager 1 had left heliosphere last year , but some dispute tha .
 margin of error : two candidates , two journeys , one race of lost dreams <sec> analysis : both romney and obama have been unable to break through to unite voters .  romney has been trying to recover from being pulled from the right early in the campaign .  obama has seemed like an unwilling participant in his own re-electio .
 ukraine marks year since maidan bloodshed amid conflict <sec> moscow planned move against ukraine before protests , ukraine 's president says .  german leader says implementing a ceasefire is not easy but is still the best chance for peace .  continued violence mars a ceasefire deal intended to end the conflic .
 voter id cases : invisible voter v. imaginary fraud <sec> voter id laws recently have been upheld in pennsylvania and rejected in texas .  nathaniel persily : nobody knows the impact of the laws or who will be affected and how .  it 's hard to find plaintiffs , he says , and hard to find voters impersonating another person .  persily : upshot may be more fraud as voters without ids turn to absentee ballot .
 down to the fiscal cliff wire , with no solution in sight <sec> who will blink first in washington 's fiscal cliff showdown ? .  without a deal , everyone 's taxes go up next year .  senate republicans reject a tax plan already passed by democrats .  president obama pushed his campaign stance on taxe .
 'american idol ' recap : saved ! <sec> the judges saved jessica sanchez .  hollie cavanagh , phillip phillips , and colton dixon were safe .  jennifer hudson performed `` think like a man '' with ne-y .
 dolphins ' incognito-martin mess : is coach philbin to blame ? <sec> allegations surrounding nfl star richie incognito are raising questions about coaches .  miami dolphins head coach joe philbin takes responsibility for `` workplace atmosphere '' .  critics say he should have known and acted sooner .  `` inmates run the asylum , '' a former player says in a repor .
 south korea 's yoo takes first women 's major of the year <sec> in-kyung kim misses tournament-winning birdie at women 's opening major .  south korean 's one-foot putt rims out for a bogey to force a playoff .  yoo sun-young easily wins sunday 's playoff to claim her first major title .  world no . .  1 yani tseng , of taiwan , finishes one shot behind leader .
 denver mom survives darkness of prescription drug abuse epidemic <sec> cynthia had it all -- a career and a family of 8 children and 18 grandchildren .  she abused prescription painkillers and then used heroin because it was cheaper .  prescription opiate abuse can be a gateway drug to heroin , doctor says .  `` prescription drug abuse is a massive problem in the united states , '' doctor add .
 ramadan fasts inspire late-night football in uae <sec> the uae 's football league kicks off during ramadan .  officials put matches on late at night and train players more gently .  muslim scholars say players can be excused from fasting because it affects livelihood .  one of iran 's biggest soccer stars has been kicked off his team for refusing to fas .
 opinion : russia is playing a weak hand very strongly <sec> michael oren : while u.s. focused on mediation in middle east , russia acted in crimea .  he says russia has influence with syria and relations with iran could upend strategy on nukes .  russia has played its cards well , while u.s. risks being outmaneuvered , he says .  oren : u.s. should reassert itself in the middle east and move to protect its allie .
 woman accused of stalking alec baldwin ordered to jail for contempt <sec> new : genevieve sabourin says she had romantic date with alec baldwin .  defendant ordered to spend 30 days in jail for interrupting proceedings .  baldwin testified he was never romantic with alleged stalker .  she showed up at his house during his engagement to his current wife , baldwin say .
 obama to talk about payroll tax impasse <sec> new : obama to speak on impasse .  obama calls boehner , reid to urge adoption of senate 's two-month extension .  senate gop aide says house republicans have `` painted themselves into a corner '' .  obama says the bipartisan compromise reached saturday is the only viable optio .
 police : suspected car bomb blast injures 12 in thailand <sec> police say the explosion caused a fire that burned down about 12 houses .  muslim separatists in southern thailand have long battled government forces .  the region has seen a spike in suspected insurgent attacks recentl .
 spanish duke subpoenaed in corruption case <sec> a spanish court says inaki urdangarin must testify on february 6 .  a statement from the court names him as a defendant , but does not specify charges .  the corruption case has brought increased scrutiny to spain 's royal family .  urdangarin , a former olympic handball player , is married to the king 's youngest daughte .
 san francisco turns a bridge into art with 25,000 lights <sec> san francisco 's bay bridge was has been trimmed in 25,000 led lights for a new art project .  the light sculpture will display unique animations nightly for the next two years .  two years in the making , the bay lights project is expected to bring in millions of tourist .
 suspected boko haram gunmen kill 68 in nigerian village <sec> young victims in the village of njaba , ages 13 to 19 were singled out for killing , witness says .  `` they hurled petrol bombs into homes and opened fire on anyone trying to flee , '' witness say .
 'unabomber ' fights plans to auction his possessions <sec> `` unabomber '' ted kaczynski fighting to stop auction of his personal possessions .  kaczynski terrorized the country with mail bombs over nearly two decades .  four victims are owed $ 15 million in court-ordered restitution from kaczynski .  property includes 40,000 pages of kaczynski 's diaries and other writing .
 why invading iraq was a terrible mistake <sec> blix : lead-up to war shows we must rely on international inspectors ' reports .  war aimed to eliminate non-existent wmd , but ended up replacing tyranny with anarchy .  blix : invading a country is easy for great power , but achieving political aims is more difficult .  blix : it is likely my u.n. office in new york was bugged in lead-up to invasion of ira .
 woman who 'loved being a mother ' suspected of killing her 3 girls <sec> new : neighbor says she `` never '' saw indications carol coronado was a threat .  new : a family friend says the slain children 's father is distraught ; `` it 's just not right '' .  torrance mom is accused of killing children , whose ages range from 2 months to 3 year .
 samsung galaxy s iv coming march 14 <sec> samsung says its galaxy s iv phone will be unveiled march 14 .  announcement came at barcelona 's mobile world congress .  the popular galaxy s iii has emerged as the iphone 's chief riva .
 michael jackson tribute planned for mtv awards <sec> mtv says janet jackson will give tribute to her late brother .  also promised : first look at documentary of pop star 's final three months .  the show airs live starting at 9 p.m . .  et sunda .
 thai airways plane skids off runway , 13 injured <sec> thai airways airbus a330-300 skids off runway after landing in bangkok .  airline says 13 injured during evacuation ; no fatalities .  flight originated in guangzhou , china .  incident is second in two weeks for airline , after turbulence caused injuries in hong kong on august 3 .
 chris brown arrives in washington via 'con air ' to face assault charge <sec> new : chris brown and a bodyguard will be tried separately starting on april 17 .  new : the singer 's five-day journey to washington via con air ended monday .  brown and christopher hollosy are charged with assaulting a man on a d.c. sidewalk .  the singer has been jailed since being booted from rehab last mont .
 fbi questions passengers on delta flight after bomb threat <sec> official : bomb threat is found on a note .  flight lands safely at denver international airport .  the fbi questions passengers at a remote airport locatio .
 plane of missing singer likely found in mexico <sec> officials say they found the wreckage of a plane believed to have been carrying rivera .  `` everything points to that this is the plane , '' says the transportation minister .  besides rivera , two pilots and four other passengers were on board .  the plane lost contact with air traffic controllers outside monterrey , mexic .
 u.s. alleges company laundered money for iran <sec> alavi foundation , assa corp. accused of transferring money to iran .  u.s. attorney : `` alavi foundation has effectively been a front for the government of iran '' .  companies own 3 mosques , have interest in new york skyscraper .  u.s. wants company to forfeit the mosques and skyscrape .
 disability a great learning tool for life <sec> robert david hall hates to admit it , but he still believes that `` love is all you need '' .  hall says he 's a husband , father , brother , cousin , nephew , friend , co-worker .  he says his disability , walking on prosthetic limbs , helped him find himself .  his greatest joy is being the father of andrew and husband of jud .
 white house plans to release plane flyover report , photo <sec> new : white house says it intends to release flyover report , photo .  a plane used as air force one was taking part in official photo shoot , faa says .  the controversial flyover cost taxpayers $ 328,000 and has riled politicians , publi .
 no trace . a year later we still ask : where is mh370 ? <sec> many experts believe the plane went down in the south indian ocean .  the most controversial theory : russians hijacked the plane to kazakhstan .  electrical failure is another theor .
 libya , iran likely to be main points of contention in final debate <sec> president barack obama and mitt romney meet monday night for their final debate .  monday 's final showdown will focus entirely on international affairs . .  middle east expert says obama needs to be `` defining the middle east strategy going forward '' .  romney faces the challenge of laying out specific policies without upsetting bas .
 150 fatah supporters enter israel after hamas takes over east gaza <sec> about 150 pro-fatah palestinians let into israel after hamas crackdown .  5 die in collapse of tunnel used to smuggle goods from egypt to gaza .  at least 4 killed , 60 wounded in hamas battle with pro-fatah clan in east gaza city .  hamas takeover the latest in week of palestinian infightin .
 who 's to blame for defense spending cut threat ? <sec> doug wilson : gop distorting reality behind pentagon cuts that could be triggered in january .  `` sequestration '' will start $ 1.2 trillion in cuts , with half of that in defense .  wilson : gop blames looming disaster on obama , but it was a delaying tactic by congress .  obama does n't want these harmful sequestration cuts and has alternative plans , he say .
 be more assertive ( and feel good about it ) <sec> a recent survey revealed that 86 percent of americans have been the victims of rude behavior .  stick to the facts when you want someone to stop doing something annoying .  in a relationship , soften topics with at least one thing the other person will be happy to hea .
 gary oldman on hypocrisy , political correctness <sec> gary oldman sounds off in playboy interview .  oldman says hypocrisy drives him crazy .  hypocrisy and political correctness hurt mel gibson , alec baldwin , he said .  oldman has little patience for hollywood nicetie .
 sources give new details on bin laden 's death ; photo wo n't be released <sec> new : pakistan ambassador vows inquiry .  reuters photos show bodies , helicopter at compound .  news agency says they were taken by a pakistani security official .  bin laden was near weapons when he was shot , sen. feinstein say .
 coder club turns out tween tech prodigies <sec> developers as young as 12 are having success developing game apps .  many prodigious developers come out of the coderdojo , a free coding club for kids .  started in ireland two years ago , the non-profit has since spread to 22 countries .  two entrepreneurial irish boys are the club 's most high-profile success storie .
 republicans block campaign finance disclosure bill <sec> new : republicans accuse democrats of an `` assault on the first amendment '' .  the senate gop stops democrats from ending debate on a campaign finance bill .  the bill would require groups paying for ads to disclose their top donors in the ads .  democrats claim the bill is necessary to reduce the impact of a supreme court rulin .
 uk newspaper may sue armstrong over doping libel case <sec> armstrong sued london 's sunday times newspaper for libel over a 2004 article .  the sunday times settled with the cyclist -- but may now seek to recover that money .  usada says it has `` overwhelming evidence '' that armstrong was involved in a doping program .  seven-times tour de france winner lance armstrong denies doping allegation .
 sony unveils playstation community site <sec> playstation home can be downloaded free of charge by ps3 users .  users communicate , share gaming experiences through their own avatars .  designed along the lines of 3-d second life virtual worl .
 karzai : cia promises to continue cash payments <sec> president hamid karzai said he met with the cia station chief in kabul .  karzai says the cia has been delivering cash to his office for 10 years .  he says he was assured by the cia that aid will continu .
 woman recants story of west virginia abuse <sec> 6 people in prison for beating , sexual assault of megan williams .  williams ' lawyer says she made story up to hurt ex-boyfriend .  6 defendants pleaded guilty , were given terms of up to 40 years .  williams alleged she was forced to eat feces and subjected to a racial slu .
