 opinion : goodbye gop ; tea party has won with eric cantor 's loss <sec> donna brazile says eric cantor 's defeat means the tea party takeover is complete .  several other tea party favorites had strong showings tuesday .  brazile : their far right agenda is already hurting them in leading into general election .
 hurricane gordon makes landfall in azores <sec> the azores are roughly 950 miles ( 1,529 kilometers ) west of lisbon , portugal .  hurricane gordon is projected to weaken between the azores and mainland europ .
 noel gallagher leaves oasis over fallout with brother <sec> never before has one of the brothers gone so far as to leave the band .  oasis shot to stardom with its 1994 album , `` definitely maybe '' .  the band was one of the pioneers of britpop , along with blu .
 crocodile attack in australia : boy , 12 , killed <sec> new police have found evidence a 12-year-old was killed in a crocodile attack in northern australia .  a second boy , 15 , was bitten but escaped .  the crocodile is believed to measure 2.5 to three meters ( eight to nine feet ) lon .
 4 fishermen dead , 12 missing as typhoon bolaven reaches korean peninsula <sec> new : the storm knocks out power in almost 200,000 households in south korea .  new : more than 100 flights are canceled and about 20 roads are closed .  four chinese fisherman are found dead and 17 have been rescued .  the search is on for another 12 fishermen still missin .
 could 'reader ' controversy hurt oscar chances ? <sec> plot of `` the reader '' involves a former nazi prison guard .  film is up for five oscars , including best picture and best actress .  author says film asks audiences to `` empathize with ... mass murderer .
 bulger defense witness : fbi warned 10 days before informant 's murder <sec> defense says a bulger criminal partner was the one who wanted informant dead .  testimony comes after other former fbi agents testify about 1980s boston fbi corruption .  james `` whitey '' bulger faces murder , other charges in a 32-count indictmen .
 astronaut scott carpenter dies <sec> carpenter suffered complications after a stroke .  john glenn is the lone survivor of the mercury seven .  `` we have lost a true pioneer , '' says nasa administrator .  carpenter was the second american to orbit eart .
 swiss man to appeal in italian asbestos case , lawyer says <sec> stephan schmidheiny will appeal his sentence in an italian court , his lawyer says .  schmidheiny and a belgian colleague are accused of failing to protect workers from asbestos .  schmidheiny 's lawyer says the sentence will deter other big firms from investing in italy .  exposure to asbestos can lead to lung diseases and cance .
 judge walks out on retrial of deposed egyptian president hosni mubarak <sec> new : court has 60 days to pick a replacement for judge who stepped down .  the judge recuses himself due to a health issue with his eyes .  pro-mubarak protesters carry signs outside the court .  mubarak faces charges related to the killing of peaceful protesters leading up to his ouster in 201 .
 michigan city council protests russian sister city 's anti-gay law <sec> lansing 's city council votes to end `` sister cities '' relationship with st. petersburg , russia .  a new russian law bars public discussion of gay rights and relationships near children .  but the mayor wants to keep the relationship to increase `` progressive dialogue '' .  amd a local commission says that there 's really no current `` sister city '' link to seve .
 are celebs the newest target for hackers ? <sec> hackers have been stealing and posting photos of naked celebrities .  it 's unclear who is behind the attacks and what their motives are .  experts say these attacks are `` beneath '' big-name hacking groups such as anonymous .  the attacks are n't especially new , but they appear to be escalatin .
 bitter , deadly cold grips eastern united states <sec> 10 deaths in tennessee have been tied to the harsh winter weather .  tens of millions of people in the eastern united states are experiencing a deep freeze .  temperatures are 25 to 45 degrees below normal in some location .
 manchester united earnings bouyed by sponsorship deals <sec> united , who have just claimed their 20th premier league title , reported a 52.2 % increase in sponsorship revenue .  last month , the club signed an eight year deal with u.s. insurance giant , aon , worth £120 million .  manchester united is owned by the american glazer family and listed on the new york stock exchang .
 celebrating nobel , woman arrested for splashing champagne <sec> new : rights group : `` this is an absurd case '' .  the revelers were marking the victory of a chinese dissident .  a security guard walked up while a bottle was being opened , the woman says .  she 's been released on bail and must appear before police in novembe .
 thousands in spain revive may 15th protests to rail against cuts , government <sec> new : thousands in madrid 's puerta del sol plaza do a `` silent shout '' to protest cuts .  new : `` the new government is the same , '' a woman says , claiming people are fed up .  similar rallies are held in barcelona and other cities around spain .  the protests coincide with the anniversary of the launch of the may 15 movemen .
 when 'studying while muslim ' is probable cause <sec> reports found nypd spied on american muslim college groups at 16 northeast colleges .  dean obeidallah : if nypd had spied on any other group or faith , people would be outraged .  freedom of religion also means freedom from harassment for your faith , he writes .  obeidallah : commissioner raymond kelly must stop nypd 's illegal profilin .
 nature is having a moment <sec> a bald eagle has been braving snow to protect her nest .  octopi have been acting up .  a lion scared a family at a safari park by opening their car door .  quokkas are the cutest rodents ever , and they 're all over instagra .
 israeli military report decides no criminal charges in gaza strike <sec> an airstrike on a family home in gaza in november left 10 people dead .  the patriarch of the family says he feels he is dead , too .  israel 's military advocate general said no criminal probe needed in the cas .
 peta claims victory after 'animal practice ' canceled <sec> peta is calling the cancellation of nbc 's `` animal practice '' a victory .  peta claims 40,000 members wrote to nbc and the show 's advertisers .  nbc will replace `` animal practice '' with `` whitney '' next mont .
 marlins man 's florida orange spices up the world series <sec> laurence leavy likes to attend high-profile sporting events in high-profile seats .  a breakup with a woman who did n't like sporting events pushed him to go to more games .  `` that was about 15 years ago , and i 've been doing it ever since , '' he says .  his presence in bright orange at kauffman stadium in kansas city caused a buzz onlin .
 10 top destinations to visit in 2015 <sec> as the european capital of culture , mons , belgium , will host more than 1,000 cultural and artistic events in 2015 .  the broad museum 's honeycomb-encased gallery will be the crowning jewel of downtown la 's ongoing revival .  singapore will celebrate its golden jubilee with parades , fireworks and the unveiling of its national galler .
 kuznetsova wins french open as safina denied <sec> svetlana kuznetsova beats dinara safina in final of the french open in paris .  kuznetsova defeats fellow-russian 6-4 6-2 in the roland garros showpiece .  the loss means world no.1 safina continues to wait for a first grand slam titl .
 grim sleeper survivor : 'you 're at his will ' <sec> enietra washington is the only known survivor of the `` grim sleeper '' killer .  at least 10 women fell victim to the predator between 1985 and 2007 .  a 58-year-old man is charged with the killings and could face the death penalt .
 fabulous federer claims fifth dubai title <sec> roger federer claims his fifth title in dubai with a straight sets win over andy murray .  swiss champion wins 7-5 6-4 to claim the 72nd title of caree .
 'deathers ' take over where 'birthers ' left off <sec> skeptics question whether osama bin laden is actually dead .  talk-show host calls it `` a complete and utter hoax '' .  some say story is distraction from obama 's birth certificate .  theories proliferate on `` extreme edges , '' author say .
 thousands gather at funeral for reality tv star jade goody <sec> funeral service of reality tv star jade goody takes place east of london .  earlier well-wishers threw flowers , applaud funeral procession as it passes .  procession , including goody 's white coffin , traveled from southeast london .  goody died last month aged 27 after losing her battle with cervical cance .
 blast outside school in italy kills at least 1 , several wounded <sec> new : italians gather in rome , naples to protest the violence .  prime minister mario monti says the government is determined to fight crime .  six students are injured , two of them seriously , a government official says .  it is not yet clear who is responsible or why the school was targete .
 taking nsa protests online <sec> people protesting recent nsa news are taking action online .  internet petitions on the white house site and other locations are gathering signatures .  the activists are inspired by last year 's successful anti-sopa protests online .  some real-life rallies are being planned for july .
 messi double edges barca nearer title <sec> lionel messi scores 30th and 31st league goals of the season for barcelona .  4-1 win over tenerife boosts barca 's chances of retaining la liga title .  real madrid must win at real mallorca on wednesday night to keep their hopes aliv .
 'angry fire ' roars across 100,000 california acres <sec> new : fire creates own wind patterns , making it unpredictable , officials say .  fast-growing wildfire nearly doubles to 164-square-mile conflagration .  two firefighters killed battling blaze when vehicle went down steep embankment .  six people refuse to evacuate their gold canyon ranc .
 isis siege cuts off small iraqi town from food , water <sec> death toll rises to 70 following mosque attack targeting sunni muslims .  u.n. calls for action to help amerli , a turkmen shiite town under attack by isis .  sunni lawmakers pull out of talks after the mosque attac .
 barton 's english ban to apply in france <sec> qpr 's joey barton must serve the remainder of his 12-game ban in france .  the 30-year-old is ineligible to play in marseille 's domestic matches .  english midfielder can play for his new loan club in european competition .  controversial figure has put violent past behind him to build big twitter audienc .
 angry activists say turkey handed deserted officer to syria <sec> new : in his `` confession , '' al-harmoush says he was not ordered to fire on civilians .  lt. col. hussein al-harmoush of the syrian army defected to turkey .  there 's no explanation from the turkish side about his reappearance in syria .  activists say they feel betrayed by turke .
 pilot wanted to be shot down , trooper says <sec> new : pilot charged with illegally entering united states .  he stole training plane from canada , flew into u.s. , authorities say .  f-16 fighter jets followed pilot , who landed in missouri , authorities say .  `` it was [ attempted ] suicide , '' missouri state trooper say .
 oil refinery dispute spreads across britain <sec> dispute over total 's decision to award oil refinery contract to italian company .  irem will supply their own permanent workers from italy and portugal .  striking workers at lincolnshire site joined by energy workers across uk .  total : there will be no direct redundancies as a result of this contrac .
 u.s. planes ferry people fleeing libya out of tunisia <sec> new : two planes headed for cairo take off from djerba , tunisia .  new : a total of 132 egyptians are on board .  italian cargo planes deliver humanitarian aid .  many people are afraid to flee because of the fightin .
 is liberland the world 's newest micronation ? <sec> vit jedlicka , the first president of liberland , tells cnn that the country will be formally founded on may 1 .  on april 13 , jedlicka declared an area between croatia and serbia `` the free republic of liberland '' .  jedlicka says that almost 300,000 applications for citizenship have so far been receive .
 the masters : matt fitzpatrick 's big amateur ambition <sec> matt fitzpatrick will be one of six amateur golfers lining up at the masters this week .  the 19-year-old qualified by winning last year 's u.s . .  amateur championship .  fitzpatrick made the cut at last year 's british open and was leading amateur .  he has turned his back on a u.s. college scholarship to focus on his gam .
 horn of africa crisis shocks even seasoned aid workers <sec> two longtime care staffers have just returned from ethiopia and kenya .  they say they were taken aback by the enormity of the suffering .  liz mclaughlin was inspired by 1985 live aid concert to get involved .  she says she hopes the world will come together again to help combat famine in horn of afric .
 'high hopes ' for new bruce springsteen album <sec> springsteen has sold more than 64 million albums .  the title track is being released on itunes monday .  there are 12 tunes on `` high hopes '' .  this is the first new album from `` the boss '' since 2012 's `` wrecking ball .
 miss p , a 15-inch beagle , wins top prize at westminster dog show <sec> miss p is the second beagle ever to win best in show .  competition was intens .
 republican congress turns up the heat on obama <sec> house speaker john boehner warned president obama against executive orders on immigration .  his remarks come amid many republicans speaking out against the white house .  two days after the midterms , big fights are much easier to spot than areas of compromise .  republicans won back control of the senate and increased their majority in the hous .
 china lawyer activist xu zhiyong goes on trial <sec> new trial of chinese anti-corruption activist xu zhiyong wraps up .  authorities came down hard on international media covering the trial .  cnn correspondent says he was kicked , pushed and punched by chinese security .  trial comes amid potentially embarrassing revelations about the wealth of china 's elit .
 is the 'linsanity ' hype caused by race ? <sec> boxer floyd mayweather jr. said the jeremy lin mania is because lin is asian .  rick quan : while lin is talented , race is a factor that people ca n't ignore .  quan : lin is the first chinese-american to make a major impact in the nba .  he says that lin has given asian-american men someone to feel proud of and rally aroun .
 arrest made in spokane beating death of wwii vet delbert belton <sec> police chief vows wanted suspect `` will be in custody pretty quickly '' .  this teen is being id 'd because he 's a public `` danger , '' chief says .  2 teens robbed , assaulted to death delbert `` shorty '' belton , a world war ii vet .  delbert `` shorty '' belton , a world war ii vet , died thursday after the beatin .
 nasa launching new spacecraft to orbit mars <sec> nasa to launch new mars mission .  maven spacecraft to study martian atmosphere .  it 's scheduled to arrive on mars on september 22 , 201 .
 opinion : the health care reality conservatives ignore <sec> paul waldman : americans still optimistic obamacare will be fixed ; conservatives hope not .  he says conservatives ignore that market solutions on health care have led to failed system .  he says u.s. 's peer nations all have government control in their successful health systems .  waldman : health care has been incredibly costly , exclusionary ; conservatives say : `` whatever .
 jesse jackson jr. going to prison ; says he 'manned up ' <sec> former congressman jesse jackson jr. sentenced to 30 months in prison .  jackson and his wife misspent about $ 750,000 in campaign funds to finance lavish living .  new : jackson jr. pleaded guilty to several charges ; says be believes in `` power of redemption '' .  his wife pleaded guilty to filing false tax returns ; she gets a year in jail ; weeps at sentencin .
 coal slag heaps join pyramids on world heritage list <sec> world heritage status has been given to the nord-pas de calais mining basin in northern france .  unesco says the mining region is a `` remarkable cultural landscape '' .  the calais basin is one of three mining sites that made the list this year .  the lakes of ounianga in chad were among 26 additions to the heritage list in 201 .
 man reunited with stolen dog on animal shelter website <sec> richard brower 's dog was stolen from his backyard 18 months ago .  his dog , dozer , popped up on an animal shelter website .  dozer is now a celebrity at the dog par .
 radaronline : audio captures gibson death threat against ex-girlfriend <sec> recording purportedly captures fight between actor and ex-girlfriend .  site says male voice is that of mel gibson .  monday 's audio clip is second to be released in four days .  police investigating domestic violence allegations against gibso .
 bernie ecclestone pulls no punches with satirical christmas card <sec> f1 supremo bernie ecclestone shows his sense of humor .  his annual christmas card pokes fun at court case he was forced to settle .  ecclestone had to pay $ 100m in legal settlement in germany .  84-year-old recently re-appointed to f1 commercial boar .
 first on cnn : mitt romney to campaign in key north carolina race next week <sec> mitt romney to attend a thom tillis rally next week in north carolina .  sources : romney cool on third presidential bid , but is listening to people who want him in the race .  `` a lot of people in romneyland are rooting for him to get in .
 kimmie weeks : liberia 's young hero <sec> kimmie weeks experienced liberia 's bloody civil wars first hand .  forced to flee his home and country after publishing a report on child soldiers .  works tirelessly with youth action international to improve children 's live .
 italy a nation unable to unleash its talent <sec> vicenzino : berlusconi 's influence on italian affairs will continue for foreseeable future .  italy `` increasingly a nation of pensioners , ruled by pensioners for the sake of pensioners '' .  italy 's political establishment `` pales in competence when compared to its entrepreneurial class '' .  over time , berlusconi has largely become the victim of his own hubris , vicenzino say .
 philadelphia cop intentionally shot himself , commissioner says <sec> philadelphia police sgt . .  robert ralston confessed to making up story to get attention or transfer .  ralston reported he was shot during encounter with african-american males on train track .  inconsistent evidence trapped ralston , commissioner charles ramsey says .  ralston suspended with intent to dismiss ; no criminal charges in exchange for confessio .
 son of pastor rick warren commits suicide , family says <sec> matthew warren , 27 , died from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound , says an official .  his body was found at his home in mission viejo , california , on friday .  he struggled from birth with mental illness , rick warren says .  the elder warren is a pioneer of the megachurch movement and a best-selling autho .
 ethics scandal hurts soccer , visa and other sponsors warn <sec> new : sponsors of international football express concern about a top-level ethics scandal .  fifa president sepp blatter insists there is no crisis in world football 's governing body .  the fa says the election should be delayed after blatter 's only challenger is suspended .  fifa chooses who hosts the world cup every four year .
 gop 's push to suppress vote threatens democracy <sec> ilyse hogue : ohio secretary of state 's 11th-hour directive could invalidate provisional ballots .  she says it 's part of gop push to confuse election process to suppress certain voters .  she says gop pushed through voter id laws in 33 states on made-up claim of voter fraud .  hogue : systematic efforts to keep people from voting threaten entire democratic proces .
 five years on , millions still dig 'farmville ' <sec> `` farmville '' players still growing gardens , raising livestock on a virtual scale .  the social game became facebook 's no . .  1 app in just six weeks .  it had 80 million-plus players before a sharp drop .  but millions remain players , saying game has forged real relationship .
 dogs first domesticated in europe , study says <sec> study : dogs were domesticated between 18,800 and 32,100 years ago .  european hunter-gatherer cultures domesticated dogs , researchers say .  this contradicts other previously held theorie .
 bayern munich honor president persecuted by nazis <sec> bayern munich name kurt landauer as one of its three honorary club presidents .  landauer served as the german club 's president four times between 1913 and 1951 .  in 1938 , landauer was sent to a concentration camp by the nazi regime .  he died in 1961 but is credited as one on the club 's founding father .
 naacp pushes to reinstate former felons ' voting rights <sec> pradia was convicted of a first-time , non-violent drug offense in virginia in 1992 .  the naacp says state efforts to block ex-felons from voting is discriminatory .  florida has one of the toughest processes to restore former felons ' voting right .
