 readers : story can end here <sec> cnn 's ireport boot camp challenges ireporters to improve storytelling chops .  cnn.com video producer jo parker shares her tips on writing headlines .  turn in your final story with three headlines by monday at noon e .
 sudan : israeli 'spy vulture ' nabbed during reconnaissance mission <sec> sudan : israeli vulture with gps-equipped camera caught by officials in western sudan .  israeli scientists say a number of vultures tagged with gps to study migration routes .  expert : gps tracking of this sort used in hundreds of studies around the world .  griffon vultures are an endangered species in the middle east , hatzofe say .
 jackson spectacle likely a world event <sec> public memorial tuesday could be one of the most-viewed events of all time .  it could have a television and online audience in the hundreds of millions .  jackson 's death has led to comparisons with elvis presley 's death .  others see parallels , at least in terms of coverage , with the kennedy assassinatio .
 gates arrives in iraq to oversee command change <sec> defense secretary robert gates says u.s. troops in midst of `` mission transition '' .  gen. ray odierno taking over command in iraq from gen. david petraeus .  odierno expected to set stage for eventual u.s. withdrawa .
 last call for bernie madoff 's personal property <sec> bernard madoff was convicted of running the largest ponzi scheme in history .  he cheated thousands of victims out of billions of dollars .  the u.s . .  marshals service is auctioning his belongings to compensate those swindle .
 birmingham stun favorites arsenal to win english league cup <sec> birmingham city beat arsenal 2-1 in english league cup final at wembley .  obafemi martins scores last-minute winner after defensive mix up by arsenal .  nikola zigic headed birmingham in front with robin van persie equalizing .  birmingham winning first major trophy since 1963 with arsenal without a trophy since 200 .
 san francisco bans happy meals with toys <sec> new : all fast food with toys must meet new nutrition criteria .  if nutrition standards are met , mcdonald 's and other chains can offer toys with meals .  the measure is part of a `` food justice '' movement ; officials expect a legal challeng .
 body of burned child found in texas <sec> remains of child found in houston , texas .  body had apparently been burned elsewhere .  police say they do not know whether case is related to missing boy , 1 .
 opinion : napolitano : obama 's 'bad cop ' on immigration <sec> ruben navarrette : napolitano dhs deportation record should worry students at uc .  he says her boss , obama , lagged on immigration reform , but not on record deportations .  he says napolitano has been `` bad cop '' to obama 's empty `` good cop '' rhetoric on immigration .  he says reform advocates should be concerned over whom obama taps next for her jo .
 tendulkar falls short of landmark as england complete series whitewash <sec> england complete series whitewash over india to seal world number one berth .  sachin tendulkar falls nine short of his 100th international century .  graeme swann takes six wickets as england win by an innings and eight runs .  the 4-0 series win sees england usurp india at the top of the world ranking .
 a & e ; developing reality show with channing tatum <sec> tatum is developing a reality pilot that revolves around saints & sinner .  he and a friend opened the bar/restaurant together in new orleans .  it 's unclear if he will appear on the sho .
 the missing gift dilemma <sec> author jodi newbern : always a good idea to have a few generic spares as back-up .  do n't let your embarrassment overshadow the moment , peggy post says .  author anna getty says to apologize and offer to make it up to them with dinne .
 fair play ? football clubs seek to beat financial offside trap <sec> trabzonspor to build a hydroelectric plant in a bid to raise extra revenue .  turkish club believes $ 50 million project will help bring in $ 10 million a year .  teams across europe looking at ways to raise extra revenue through sponsors .  clubs submit accounts for financial fair play for first time in 2013-14 seaso .
 georgia sheriff cancels valentine 's day because of snow -- and boredom <sec> in a facebook post , he declared northern georgia 'no valentines day zone ' .  sheriff scott berry has rescheduled the lovers ' fest to tuesday .  he did it to make his staff and their spouses laugh .  residents took to facebook and got in on the fu .
 horses being killed in south florida -- for their meat ? <sec> spca investigator calls horse slaughterings south florida 's `` dirty little secret '' .  at least 19 horses have been butchered in two counties since january .  owner laments killing of geronimo , a painted quarter horse .  it is legal in some cultures to trade in horse meat , spca investigator say .
 olinguito the newest rare mammal species discovery <sec> the olinguito weighs about 2 pounds and is 2.5 feet long .  this creature lives in cloud forests in ecuador and colombia .  previously it was mistaken for its sister species , the oling .
 sexual privacy under threat in a surveillance society <sec> naomi wolf : we live in an increasingly intrusive surveillance society .  wolf says for her , petraeus story is about terrifying power of patriot and espionage acts .  she says loss of sexual privacy would be destructive to the human condition .  wolf : we should not rush to judge marriages and those who commit infidelit .
 pakistani minister : christian woman should be freed <sec> new : president calls for panel of scholars and experts to review blasphemy law .  asia bibi was accused of blasphemy and sentenced to death .  president says he 'll issue pardon only if necessary and after legal process has taken its cours .
 egypt 's morsy stands by edict , calls for punishment of violent protesters <sec> new : sabahi , elbaradei and moussa are being investigated , a prosecutor 's spokesman says .  new : an umbrella opposition group calls for a mass protest , says authorities `` lost legitimacy '' .  president morsy calls for dialogue , but does n't revoke his edict or the constitutional vote date .  distrustful opposition activists accuse morsy 's supporters of violenc .
 uconn guard shabazz napier on unions : i go to bed 'starving ' <sec> student-athlete handbook says meals provided between 7 a.m. and 7:15 p.m . .  university of connecticut guard tells reporters he sometimes goes to bed `` starving '' .  remarks were in reaction to decision to allow northwestern players to unionize .  northwestern has appealed last month 's decision to national labor board offic .
 same-sex couples in brazil wait and hope <sec> nearly two weeks ago , brazil 's highest court overwhelmingly voted to allow gay marriage .  judges to decide on case-by-case basis .  homophobia still rampant , kills 260 a year , a study says .  conservative lawmakers lash out against anti-homophobia kits to be distributed in public school .
 tokyo 's electric energy never fades <sec> juxtaposition of old and new , proper and outlandish , makes japan fascinating .  cnn correspondent kyung lah has lived and worked in tokyo for two years .  she says tsukiji fish market is not to be missed .  vibrant area of shibuya is lah 's favorite place to spend an evening ou .
 review : blackberry playbook tablet lacks all the right moves <sec> playbook 's software suffers from a drought of useful apps .  there is a lackluster performance of adobe 's flash player .  touch sensitivity is very responsive , and the swipe controls work grea .
 domestic violence : the next front in gun-control fight <sec> advocates are pushing for gun control legislation through the issue of domestic violence .  everytown for gun safety 's new ad ties together guns and domestic abuse .  `` women 's lives are at stake , '' gabrielle giffords writes in an opinion piece .  senate committee holds first hearing on the issu .
 nba 's 'linsanity ' offers marketing promise <sec> lin is a `` marketing dream come true , '' one pr executive says .  the former unknown has guided the knicks to seven straight wins .  new york media have dubbed the phenomenon `` linsanity '' .  president barack obama is also apparently `` very impressed '' with the unlikely sta .
 nanci griffith finds her voice again <sec> nanci griffith 's new album is `` the loving kind '' .  grammy-winning singer with crystalline voice had long dry stretch in '00s .  election of obama , better health has her in upbeat moo .
 dust storm blankets australian cities in red haze <sec> residents of sydney , australia wake to eerie red haze over surrounding areas .  weather forecasters say strong north-westerly winds blew dust in overnight .  wind blew dust storm north onto brisbane , predicted to move further north .  ireporter : `` it was totally bizarre to wake up and see such a red bizarre sky .
 deadly arizona wildfire now 80 % contained <sec> new : vice president joe biden to attend memorial service tuesday , senior administration official says .  the medical examiner 's office issues causes and manners of death .  workers were putting in 13- or 14-hour shifts to fight the yarnell hill fire .  the temperature should cool , and winds should calm somewhat this wee .
 ancient road found in jerusalem 's heart <sec> ancient road uncovered running through jerusalem 's center .  discovery lends credence to byzantine madaba map theory .  road found near jaffa gate , 4.5 meters under current street leve .
 california commuters warned : you might have the measles <sec> a cal berkeley student diagnosed with the measles may have exposed others .  health officials issue warning to classmates , those who commuted on bart .  `` measles is a very serious viral illness , and it is very contagious , '' official say .
 daft punk wins album and record of the year at 2014 grammys <sec> daft punk wins album and record of the year .  lorde takes song of the year for `` royals '' .  rap duo macklemore & ryan lewis have fou .
 countries bombed by the u.s. under obama administration - cnnpolitics.com <sec> president obama has ordered airstrikes in seven different countries .  obama was close to ordering airstrikes in syria in 2013 .  obama is the fourth president in a row to order airstrikes in ira .
 mandy moore engaged to ryan adams <sec> singer-actress mandy moore engaged to rocker ryan adams .  moore has had top 10 music success , better known for movie roles .  adams a prolific singer-songwriter as soloist and with whiskeytown , cardinal .
 ailing champions chelsea stung by villa 's late leveler <sec> aston villa deny chelsea a much-needed victory with a late equalizer in six-goal thriller .  premier league champions fought back from 2-1 down to lead with a minute to play .  struggling villa earn a precious point in time added on to leave chelsea in fifth place .  newcastle win 1-0 at wigan to give new manager alan pardew his second victor .
 egypt jailbreak bid kills 36 ; army chief urges brotherhood to give up <sec> new : jailbreak bid kills 36 muslim brotherhood prisoners , ministry says .  new : `` the end of the coup is near , '' brotherhood spokesman says .  army chief says egypt `` has room for everybody , '' urges end to resistance .  elbaradei leaves egypt for austria after resignatio .
 pickens : natural gas , warren buffett could ease nation 's woes <sec> t. boone pickens on losing a reported $ 270 million : `` i turned the wrong direction '' .  pickens : treasury secretary henry paulson 's bailout plan will work , but do it fast .  natural gas better than oil -- it 's `` cheaper , cleaner , abundant and ours , '' he says .  pickens says he has only a `` very small '' stake in natural gas productio .
 rihanna adds star power to p6 campaign for gay rights in russia <sec> rihanna posts a photo to her 34 million followers on twitter .  in it , she 's wearing a hat emblazoned with p6 .  the campaign speaks out against russia 's laws about homosexualit .
 list of grammy winners <sec> taylor swift takes the album of the year grammy for `` fearless '' .  beyoncé , who had 10 nominations , took home six .  the zac brown band lost out on the best country album grammy , but did snag best new artist .  kings of leon won their third award of the night with the record of the year gramm .
 booted frequent flier takes on airline <sec> s. binyomin ginsberg reached platinum elite status in northwest 's program .  his status was revoked in 2008 ; airline said he abused the program .  rabbi says when he pushed for clarification , carrier said he was complaining too much .  lower court dismissed ginsberg 's lawsuit ; appeals court reversed the decisio .
 gingrich 's 2012 campaign leaves him with mixed legacy <sec> former house speaker announces he 's suspending campaign .  gingrich leaves campaign trail $ 4.3 million in debt .  analysts say 2012 campaign will have mixed effects on his political legacy .  gingrich 's campaign peaked with early win in south carolin .
 opinion : michael sam and the new america <sec> frida ghitis : the netherlands once seemed permissive to u.s. on pot , same-sex marriage .  but changes in public opinion , laws have narrowed social gap in the two countries .  she says `` family values '' stance conflicted with libertarian notion of freedom .  ghitis : u.s. differs with many nations on gun issue , but definition of freedom shiftin .
 u.s. car repair shops getting mileage out of thriftier times <sec> as more strapped americans opt to fix their cars , repair shops are doing well .  automotive service association : members ' sales grew 16 percent over the last year .  d.c. shop owner : `` people are willing to spend more '' to keep cars well-serviced .  trend seems to have translated into increased traffic at auto parts stores , as wel .
 russia launch anti-racism taskforce after samba abuse <sec> russian football union to launch a group aimed at tackling racism in the sport .  anzhi makhachkala defender christopher samba had a banana throw at him on sunday .  anzhi 's roberto carlos also had a banana thrown at him while playing for the club .  russia are to host the fifa world cup finals for the first time in 201 .
 french attacks could inspire next generation of terrorists : expert <sec> `` lone wolves '' who carry out attacks on soft targets could be future of terrorism , expert warns .  killing of seven people , including three children , in france could inspire radical islamists to action .  sajjan gohel : lone wolf attacks `` very difficult to thwart '' because of lack of information leaks .  olympic games in london later this year could be `` symbolic target , '' says gohe .
 indonesia : tail section of airasia flight qz8501 found <sec> the national search chief says the object was confirmed as the tail by lettering on it .  the tail is significant , as that is where flight recorders are located in the airbus a320-20 .
 study : tamiflu causes nausea and nightmares in children <sec> researchers say more than half of children who took tamiflu suffered side-effects .  among reactions were nausea , nightmares and insomnia in .  japan is advising against prescribing tamiflu to youngsters aged 10 to 1 .
 arrest spotlights racism concerns in english soccer <sec> police arrest a man on suspicion of making a racially abusive gesture .  the alleged abuse comes during a liverpool match against manchester united .  liverpool football club has been involved in several alleged racist incidents .  england captain john terry has been arrested on charges of racial abus .
 syrian deputy fm denies forced starvation , chemical attacks by regime <sec> new : u.s. treasury department announces sanctions on two al qaeda leaders .  faisal al mekdad says the regime has never used chlorine gas a weapon .  human rights watch says it has evidence the regime launched a chemical attack .  mekdad also denies that the government has starved people in homs into submissio .
 delta retires its last dc-9 airliners which spurred travel since 1960s <sec> born in 1965 , dc-9s opened jet routes to small airports , spurring travel .  delta , the last u.s. carrier flying dc-9s , officially retired its fleet on january 6 .  hugh hefner had one ; 2012 vp nominee paul ryan campaigned in one .  delta 's final five series 50 dc-9s will be sold off , another will go to a museu .
 vidic wary of chelsea and man city threat in epl title race <sec> nemanja vidic highlights chelsea and manchester city as united 's title rivals .  the manchester united captain is eyeing an fa cup triumph to complete his collection .  the serbia defender says the presence of alex ferguson gives united continuity .  united start their title defense away to west bromwich albion sunda .
 reddit co-founder : i 'm not mayor of the internet <sec> reddit 's ohanian says the beauty of the web is its lack of a power hierarchy .  ohanian , 29 , became a visible spokesman in the fight against web piracy bills .  he says timing , location let him devote himself to the effort .  despite rumors , ohanian says he has no desire to run for elected offic .
 bruno mars meets girl his music helped heal <sec> medical personnel credit bruno mars ' music for helping injured girl .  zumyah thorpe , 11 , was injured in car accident that took the lives of mother , sisters .  she 's a big mars fan ; mars welcomed her to a concer .
 opinion : why you wo n't die in a plane crash <sec> arnold barnett : commercial flight fatalities rare , and most survived asiana flight 214 crash .  he says a u.s. youth more likely to be president or win nobel prize in physics than die in crash .  he says we must focus on mechanical reasons for crash .  barnett : seven-second warning of stall should have come soone .
 solar-powered plane gets stuck in china <sec> solar plane attempting to be first to circumnavigate world without using fuel is stuck in china .  solar impulse 2 attempts to prove the power of renewable energ .
 angelina jolie urges end to rape , abuse in conflict at uk summit <sec> angelina jolie opens summit with a goal to shatter impunity for those who rape during war .  `` there is no disgrace in being a survivor of sexual violence , '' says jolie .  uk government hosts representatives from around the world at a summit in london .  organizers hope to launch concrete steps to tackle issue of rape , abuse in war zone .
 strong democratic contenders weigh senate runs - cnnpolitics.com <sec> several key democrats could enter race with a strong fundraising advantage .  with thin gop field , california could see runoff between two democrats .  billionaire tom steyer could scramble race with ability to self-fun .
 todd palin : 'first dude ' or 'shadow governor ? ' <sec> todd palin grew up in alaska , is part eskimo and a champion snowmobile racer .  he met sarah palin during high school and eloped in 1998 ; they have five children .  palin , his wife 's closest adviser , was copied on hundreds of state e-mails .  campaign claims spousal privilege , says `` role has not been inappropriate .
 washington landslide victim john regelbrugge iii 'loved life ' <sec> navy cmdr . .  john regelbrugge iii and his wife were found after deadly landslide .  the couple slept in on the morning of the landslide , his father said .  regelbrugge 's brothers and two of his sons found his body .  victim 's father : `` there were like 30 people living there and 20-something of them are dead .
 columbine left its indelible mark on pop culture <sec> columbine tragedy provided fodder for several creative works .  musicians , writers , filmmakers and game developers responded with projects .  `` elephant '' an example of film that tackled the tragedy .  marilyn manson responded to allegations his music helped inspire massacr .
 opinion : america has to tackle its suicide problem <sec> namratha kandula : cdc says suicide kills more americans than car accidents .  depression is leading disability in u.s. , which lags on treatment , she says .  she says nations like uganda , pakistan , india find training community to help is effective .  kandula : the u.s. must get ahead of depression epidemi .
 a view of what 's really behind hagel nomination fight <sec> chuck hagel 's nomination could be most contentious of president obama 's second term .  columnist : hagel nomination is obama 's attempt to change terms of foreign policy debate .  republican hagel initially supported war in iraq but later became an opponent .  beinart calls opposition over hagel 's past comments about israel a `` smoke screen .
 soggy socal facing even more rain , flooding , forecasters say <sec> new : reported mudslide affects homes in orange county .  of 232 homes evacuated , only 1 family leaves , officials say .  rockville , utah , residents allowed to return .  roads into two national parks are shut down , a park lodge manager say .
 van persie treble fires manchester united to 20th title <sec> robin van persie nets all three goals as manchester united clinch english title .  monday 's 3-0 win over aston villa ends the premier league reign of manchester city .  win puts united 16 points clear of second-placed city with four games to play .  van persie moves to top of epl scoring charts with 24 goals this seaso .
 mexico players banned for hotel incident <sec> eight mexico players suspended for six months and fined after hotel incident .  they were caught bringing women back to team hotel in ecuador ahead of copa america .  mexico team is one two guest nations at the south american tournament .  brazil 's samba queens win their opening game of women 's world cup in german .
