 opinion : do bonuses lead to unethical behavior ? <sec> va administrators received bonuses after concealing delays for medical care .  francesca gino says that when financial incentives are present , cheating is more common .  she says we ca n't get rid of incentives but can monitor how they 're administered .  gino : better design of bonus programs can make a differenc .
 olympics : now make a level playing field for women <sec> jackie joyner-kersee : the games fostered a generation of hope .  participation of female athletes from around the world showed how far we 've come , she says .  but she says it was saddening that women 's softball were n't a part of these olympics games .  joyner-kersee : we must not forget that lack of funding can be an issue for female athlete .
 nigerian president pushes to expand presidential term <sec> jonathan wants to extend slightly the current 4-year presidential term .  several presidential sources say he is pushing for a 6-year to 7-year term .  he has said he would not benefit from such a chang .
 spy satellite launched into orbit <sec> new : the new national reconnaissance office satellite was launched wednesday .  the satellite is thought to be capable of taking extremely detailed photos .  it 's being carried aloft by the biggest rocket in the u.s. inventor .
 dying blagojevich fundraiser said he overdosed , mayor says <sec> new : police want to talk to kelly 's girlfriend , who took him to hospital , mayor says .  christopher kelly , before dying , told police he overdosed , an illinois mayor says .  kelly was named in indictment in blagojevich case .  in separate case , kelly pleaded guilty to mail fraud on tuesda .
 anti-drugs chief hits out at winehouse , moss <sec> u.n. anti-drugs chief denounces celebrities amy winehouse and kate moss .  maria costa says their alleged drug use is helping devastate west africa .  the u.n. has spoken out on the issue twice in two weeks .  winehouse 's spokesman says the u.n. should `` get its own house in order .
 nadal makes winning start at queen 's <sec> rafael nadal wins his first game on grass in the 2010 season .  nadal beats brazilian marcos daniel 6-2 6-2 .  world number one 's victory is his 23rd in a ro .
 lawsuit by 19 groups seeks to halt nsa snooping <sec> a broad coalition of groups has filed a lawsuit against the national security agency .  suit asks a federal judge to halt nsa 's `` unconstitutional program of dragnet electronic surveillance '' .  plaintiffs include church groups , gun owners , human-rights groups and free-speech advocates .  the lawsuit is at least the fourth challenging the government 's surveillance progra .
 did jesus really have a brother ? <sec> the rev . .  james martin , a catholic priest , calls the relationship between james and jesus `` very complicated . '' .  ben witherington iii offers the protestant view that jesus and james were full brothers , with jesus being the elder .
 opinion : we all pay for $ 1,000 a pill drug <sec> karen ignagni : a new drug holds hope in eliminating epidemic of hepatitis c in u.s . .  ignagni : but drug costs outrageous $ 1,000 per pill , or $ 84,000 for entire treatment .  she warns cost will raise premiums and prices all across the heath care spectrum .  ignagni : drug makers must stop trend of charging astronomical prices that hurt us al .
 survivors , rescue workers detail air india crash <sec> rescue worker heard a passenger 's screams .  19 children , 4 infants were onboard .  survivor crawls out of a hole in plane , taken to hospital by villagers .  `` it 's all god 's grace . .  i missed the flight and survived , '' man say .
 lebanon : detained saudi terror suspect al-majed dies in custody <sec> detainee majed al-majed died after his health deteriorated , lebanon 's army says .  the saudi national was detained by the lebanese army in the past few days .  he was the alleged head of an al qaeda-affiliated jihadist group , the abdullah azzam brigades .  the group has claimed responsibility for attacks in lebanon , egypt and jorda .
 40 dead in southern sudan clashes , official says <sec> rebels claim they have killed more than 100 people , mostly soldiers , since last week .  a sudan people 's liberation army spokesman calls the number exaggerated .  forces loyal to george athor have been fighting since last year .  southern sudan voted for independence earlier this yea .
 vp biden on week-long trip to africa <sec> obama to make stops in several countries .  in egypt , he meets with mubarak to discuss wide range of issues .  vp and wife also will visit south africa for the world cu .
 sunscreen 101 : do n't forget your nose <sec> wearing sunscreen is one of the best ways to prevent melanoma .  no sunscreen provides 100 % protection so reapply every two hours .  spf 15 blocks 93 % of uvb rays , spf 30 blocks 97 % .  about 3.5 million cases of skin cancer will be diagnosed this yea .
 ferdinand snubs terry and cole handshakes <sec> queens park rangers defender refuses to shake hands with both john terry and ashley cole .  terry cleared by court in july of racially abusing ferdinand at premier league fixture in october 2011 .  manchester united beat wigan 4-0 ; manchester city drop points at stoke city .  arsenal hit southampton for six at the emirate .
 braga and porto through to europa league final <sec> portuguese rivals porto and braga will face each other in the europa league final .  braga beat benfica 1-0 to reach the final in dublin on the away goals rule .  porto were beaten 3-2 at villarreal but eased into the final 7-4 on aggregat .
 un cheers , palestinians dismiss a greek offer to ship aid to gaza <sec> the greek government offers to transport humanitarian aid to gaza on its ships .  its authorities have barred 10 ships full of activists from sailing to gaza .  u.n. chief ban ki-moon welcomes the offer , saying `` it could help reduce tensions '' .  but a palestinian leader says this wo n't address what it calls an unfair blockad .
 lyon retain four-point advantage <sec> lyon beat valenciennes 2-0 to stay four points clear on top of the french table .  nancy stay second by beating bordeaux 1-0 .  third-placed rennes flop to a 1-0 home defeat against struggling monac .
 fbi identifies fort bliss shooter <sec> new : general calls shooter `` disgruntled , deranged '' .  the suspected gunman at a convenience store was a retired army sergeant .  his motive and any relationship to the victims is not yet known .  the gunman was killed by a guard after the shooting .
 nasa : there is water in lunar soil <sec> nasa says there are small amounts of water in lunar soil .  many scientists thought there was no water on the moon .  the discovery could expedite nasa 's plans to create lunar settlements .  about 32 ounces of water could be created from a ton of lunar soil , nasa say .
 actor tim roth spots a 'lie ' <sec> british actor tim roth stars in the hit fox series `` lie to me '' .  actor best known for his appearances in quentin tarantino films .  roth plays a body language expert who can detect liars .  `` er '' alum mekhi phifer is set to join the cas .
 'the nato show ' : putin 's favorite comedy ? ( opinion ) <sec> david rothkopf : vladimir putin will be entertained watching the nato summit .  nato 's rhetoric has been its only weapon against russian aggression .  nato is not designed to respond to putin 's style of incremental takeovers .  nato , u.s. absorbed with fighting islamic extremism and solving domestic issue .
 is china 's grand ethnic experiment working ? <sec> mamat is uyghur , just one of many from china 's ethnic minorities studying far from home .  many have been placed by the government in eastern china , the heartland of the majority han .  at the same time , many han have been encouraged to moved to xinjiang , where uyghurs are from .  this has created tensions that have frequently erupted into violent clashe .
 site picks worst movies of the decade <sec> rottentomatoes.com ranked 100 worst films of this decade .  no . .  1 on the list was 2002 's `` ballistic : ecks vs . .  sever '' .  not all bad movies are box office duds -- some do quite well .  critics play useful role , says rotten tomatoes editor-in-chie .
 ferrari open to ross brawn return <sec> ferrari team principal says ross brawn is `` an iconic figure '' at the italian formula one team .  marco mattiacci adds everyone would like to see the former technical director back at ferrari .  brawn is on a break from f1 after leaving mercedes at the end of 2014 .  mattiacci adds any potential return for brawn would not impinge on his own rol .
 current fighting pushes iraqi refugee population past 1 million <sec> the number of people fleeing their homes in iraq nearly doubled overnight , u.n. says .  500,000 people have been displaced from the northern city of mosul .  480,000 have left their homes in anbar province .  the cities of irbil and duhuk are hosting more than 300,000 internally displaced peopl .
 navy : 'miracle ' nobody died in virginia jet crash <sec> new : an off-duty coast guard member assisted in the wake of the crash .  all are accounted for after the fighter jet smashes into apartments .  at least seven people , including two pilots , were injured .  all have been released from the hospital and the crash is under investigatio .
 why the titanic fascinates more than other disasters <sec> stephen cox : the sinking of the titanic 100 years ago still holds the world 's imagination .  cox : sultana riverboat blast , the sinking of lusitania and eastland are n't as gripping .  rich stories of courage , morality , the cast of characters make titanic unique , he says .  cox says the only other catastrophe that will live on in memory like the titanic is 9/1 .
 gop friendlier to gay community -- at least behind the scenes - cnnpolitics.com <sec> rhode island delegate urged her party to recognize civil unions for same-sex couples .  her motion failed , but the delegate says gop is more supportive behind the scenes .  gay groups at the convention in tampa say they are still optimistic about their future .  `` people are always welcoming to us when we are here , '' head of log cabin republicans say .
 thailand braces for looming bangkok 'shut down ' <sec> anti-government protesters plan to occupy key areas to `` shut down '' the thai capital .  they hope to break the political deadlock gripping the country ; force yingluck 's government from office .  protesters allege yingluck is a puppet of her brother , former pm thaksin .  observers say some thais are growing wearing of the protests months into the political crisi .
 democrats mildly resist gop argument on obama 's presidency <sec> obama advisers wo n't answer yes or no on whether voters are better off than in 2008 .  head of democratic governors ' group says voters are n't better off -- but that 's not the question .  republicans raised the question during their convention last week .  obama is on a tour of college campuses ahead of his party convention this wee .
 ex-cop who murdered wife gets life in prison <sec> a jury convicted brett seacat of first-degree murder in june .  he killed his wife and tried to cover it up by burning down their house .  a judge sentences him to life in prison with the possibility of parol .
 this week on marketplace middle east <sec> mme analyzes middle east stock market reaction to global financial volatility .  robert jordan talks about the future of syria 's relationship with the arab world libya .  mme investigates the impact of the ongoing international blockade on residents of tripol .
 greece : why not let it sink ? <sec> greece does n't sit on oil reservoirs ; it relies on agriculture , tourism as money-earners .  critics question whether greece has the will or capacity to stay within the eurozone .  some argue that so long as greece uses the euro , it will never become competitiv .
 solo yachtswoman on food cravings and sleep deprivation <sec> cnn 's mainsail speaks with british round-the-world sailor dee caffari .  caffari is the only woman to have sailed around the globe in both directions .  lack of sleep and loneliness are the main challenges , according to caffari .  desire , preparation and self-belief are the keys to success , caffari say .
 commentary : boards are real culprits in aig mess <sec> nell minow : people often overlook crucial role of company board of directors .  she says aig 's board is ultimately responsible for the firm 's mistakes .  minow : compensation committee members should be held to account .  she says many finance firm board members are too busy on other board .
 mother of craigslist victim 'devastated ' by loss <sec> mother of craigslist victim julissa brisman says family 'devastated ' by loss .  philip markoff , 23 , charged in brisman 's death .  police say markoff met brisman on popular online classifieds web site .  markoff 's family , fiance maintains his innocence of charge .
 sleep curbs influence of obesity genes <sec> researchers analyzed the sleep habits and body weight of 1,088 pairs of twins .  genes accounted for 70 % of bmi differences in twins who slept less than seven hours .  more sleep allows for environmental factors like exercise and diet to surfac .
 beached sperm whale euthanized in florida <sec> a 30-foot sperm whale beached itself near tampa , florida .  sperm whales rarely come so close to shore ; it 's usually a sign of distress .  scientist decided to euthanize the whale because it would not survive on its ow .
 lenny dykstra , former mlb all-star , indicted for bankruptcy fraud <sec> lenny dykstra was a three-time major league all-star outfielder .  he played for the new york mets and philadelphia phillies .  he was indicted on 13 counts relating to bankruptcy fraud .  he filed for bankruptcy in 200 .
 egypt lifts ban on veiled tv anchors <sec> wearing an off-white headscarf , fatma nabil makes history .  `` finally ! .  the revolution has reached maspero , '' she says .  the ban was put in place under hosni mubarak , who was toppled last yea .
 ex-taliban claims abuse at gitmo , bagram : 'they were beating me ' <sec> mullah abdul salam zaeef says detainee treatment `` bad stain '' on u.s. history .  zaeef agrees with pentagon estimate that 14 percent of freed detainees return to fray .  under conditions called `` harsh '' by red cross , 240 detainees remain at gitm .
 bill clinton predicts big win for obama <sec> new : barack obama , john mccain lay roses at ground zero .  new polls show both candidates with slim leads in key battleground states .  biden speaks with first responders in parma , ohio .  sarah palin back in alaska for son 's deployment ceremon .
 commentary : pray for neda <sec> roya hakakian : i was a girl in iran during the revolution of 1979 .  she says she saw the hopes of democracy and freedom quashed .  hakakian : join me in praying for neda and other fallen iranian .
 summitt lauded as she steps down <sec> pat summitt announced her retirement wednesday .  on thursday , she passed the reins to holly warlick .  president obama will award summitt the presidential medal of freedo .
 new california 'revenge porn ' law may miss some victims <sec> california has passed a new law making `` revenge porn '' illegal .  the law does not apply to self-shot photos that are shared during a relationship .  critics say the law does not go far enough to protect victims .  wisconsin and new york are also considering anti-revenge porn law .
 china seizes chicken feet tainted by hydrogen peroxide <sec> authorities have seized over 30,000 tons of contaminated chicken feet .  chicken feet are a popular snack in china .  hydrogen peroxide is used as a disinfectant and bleach , but is harmful to ea .
 kate bush to perform live for first time in 35 years <sec> brit singer kate bush has booked a 15-date residency in london .  the live performances will be her first since 1979 .  tickets go on sale march 2 .
 family calls for protests after police shooting <sec> uncle : the shooting highlights `` systematic targeting of young black males '' .  tony robinson , 19 , was unarmed when an officer killed him .  the officer who shot him suffered a blow to the hea .
 spain 's 2 big unions call for general strike march 29 <sec> this will be the first general strike against the government of prime minister mariano rajoy .  spain 's jobless rate is nearly 23 percent ; nearly 5.3 million spaniards are out of work .  the government says the latest labor reforms are needed to bring flexibility to the workplac .
 'big bang theory ' cast negotiations stall production <sec> contract negotiations have postponed production on `` the big bang theory '' .  wbtv did n't specify how long the delay would last .  cbs has `` the big bang theory '' scheduled to return on september 2 .
 syria toll rises to 25 ; monitors cheered in besieged town <sec> 32 reported killed in the latest attacks .  arab league monitors cheered in the town of zabadani .  ban ki-moon calls on bashar al-assad to `` stop the violence . .  stop killing your people '' .  state media : al-assad grants amnesty to all crimes committed by anti-government protester .
 pennsylvania senator casually comes out <sec> senator 's coming out is more of an afterthought .  sen. jim ferlo was announcing a proposed change to the state 's hate crime law .  `` i 'm gay . .  get over it , '' he says .  three suspects in the beating of a gay couple have been charge .
 the president 's club : how golf took over the white house <sec> golf has been a pastime for u.s. presidents for over a century .  john f. kennedy the most talented golfing commander in chief .  golf introduced to white house by william taft .  dwight eisenhower helped golf take off in the u.s .
 france : yemenia plane 's distress signals located , not 'black boxes ' <sec> new : plane 's distress signals located but not its flight data recorder .  french navy and yemeni authorities expand search efforts for wreckage , bodies .  airbus 310 went down with 153 people on flight originating in sanaa , yemen .  u.s. accident investigators probing two recent failures aboard airbus a330 .
 youtube founder helps fund new u.s. f1 team <sec> formula one 's new team u.s. f1 backed by youtube co-founder chad hurley .  hurley primary investor in american outfit ahead of its debut season in 2010 .  he sold video sharing web site to google in 2006 but is still its chief executive .  hurley hopes new american team will make a big impact in elite motorspor .
 no one has forgotten your dad , braydon <sec> on august 6 , 2011 , a u.s. helicopter crashed in afghanistan , killing 30 .  among them was 10-year-old braydon nichols ' father . .  nichols wrote an ireport about his dad .  since then , readers have n't stopped commenting on braydon 's ireport .  the story made one army veteran and father recall his close brush with deat .
 'real steel ' is the champion with $ 27.3 mil <sec> `` real steel '' won the weekend with an estimated $ 27.3 million .  with $ 10.4 million was the political thriller `` the ides of march '' .  `` dolphin tale '' slipped 34 percent for $ 9.2 millio .
 state news : north korea proposes high-level talks with u.s . <sec> new : u.s. should not lay out conditions , `` not lose the opportunity , '' state news says .  a north korean government group makes its offer to the u.s. to `` ease tensions '' .  the u.s. has spearheaded efforts targeting north korea 's nuclear program .  the north abruptly called off talks days ago with south kore .
 candy store offers free fat tuesday fudge for 'fatties ' <sec> free fudge for folks who weigh more than 300 pounds .  it 's a fat tuesday special .  a former customer says obesity is nothing to laugh at .  candy shop owner charley dill says people tell him he looks like actor dom deluis .
 mexico condemns border patrol 's lethal force against migrant <sec> mexico calls u.s. border patrol 's use of lethal force `` unacceptable '' .  mexican national jesus flores cruz was shot and killed in border patrol confrontation .  at least 28 people have died in border protection encounters since 2010 , group says .  border patrol has said its agent must use lethal force as protectio .
 serena williams forced to withdraw from madrid with thigh injury <sec> a thigh injury has forced serena williams to withdraw from the madrid open .  the world no.1 hopes to be fit for rome italian open next weekend .  rafael nadal cruises into men 's semifinal in madri .
 army chief named thailand 's new prime minister <sec> thai national assembly chooses coup leader as new prime minister .  general prayuth chan-ocha was the sole candidate for the post .  military seized power in may after months of political instabilit .
