 marlee matlin : baby sitter 's abuse led to life of drugs , violence <sec> marlee matlin says she was 11 when a female baby sitter molested her .  actress says she later was molested in high school by a teacher .  matlin said she tried to cover up the abuse with drugs and did n't speak of it .  matlin tells joy behar about her violent relationship with actor william hur .
 food industry dictates nutrition policy <sec> safran foer : food industry influences what stores stock , what schoolchildren eat .  usda charged with creating nutritional guidelines and promoting industry .  expert : food industry , like cigarette industry , says anything to sell products .  nation 's premier group of nutrition experts supports vegetarianism , he say .
 affidavits : hannah anderson 's mother , brother 'tortured and killed ' <sec> warrants reveal authorities found a crowbar near the body of hannah anderson 's mother .  authorities suspected the remains of the small child were hannah 's brother , papers say .  after killing hannah 's mother and brother , dimaggio set fire to his house , the affidavits say .  dimaggio was shot at least five times , a coroner say .
 fiscal cliff negotiations show how not to make a deal <sec> dave logan : fiscal cliff negotiations have the cooked-up suspense of a hollywood movie .  watch closely if you want to see how not to make a deal ; real negotiation has rules , he says .  he says both sides should state positions , then reveal `` core values '' and build deal from there .  logan : do n't go in with hands tied ; do n't confuse positions with core value .
 nintendo wii u : your reactions <sec> reactions range from excitement to skepticism on nintendo 's wii u .  console will debut november 18 for $ 299 and $ 349 .  some say price is too high , but others put it into historical context .  excitement for games like `` bayonetta 2 , '' questions about others to com .
 obama 's words at medal ceremony cause trouble with poland <sec> obama spokesman : `` we regret the misstatement , but that 's what it was '' .  polish prime minister donald tusk says , `` we can not accept such words '' .  obama made the comment as he honored a medal of freedom recipient .  at least 3 million jewish and 1.9 million non-jewish citizens died in poland , a museum say .
 elephants are n't made for circus ( opinion ) <sec> feld entertainment plans to retire elephants from its circuses .  pamela burns : we congratulate the company for its decision to relocate elephant .
 volcano puts indonesian officials on high alert <sec> about 40,000 nearby villagers have started evacuating .  seismic activity has intensified , signaling an imminent eruption .  merapi is famously unpredictable , thoug .
 u.s. electricity blackouts skyrocketing <sec> non-disaster u.s. power outages up 124 percent since early '90s .  u.s. electricity reliability low compared to some nations .  experts : `` smart grid '' would avert blackouts , save billions .  austin `` easy button '' controls tens of thousands of texas thermostat .
 austria incest suspect charged with murder <sec> austrian man who allegedly held daughter for 24 years charged with murder .  prosecutors charge josef fritzl with murder because one of the 7 children died .  experts say infant might have survived if fritzl had arranged for medical car .
 customers crowd aig subsidiary in singapore <sec> hundreds queue outside aig subsidiary in singapore following news of u.s. bailout .  u.s. fed announces $ 85 billion loan to one of world 's largest insurers .  singapore offices try to ease worries of policyholder .
 hundreds of tacos sent to connecticut mayor <sec> some 500 tacos were delivered to office of the east haven mayor .  it was part of a text-for-taco campaign in response to the mayor 's comments tuesday .  mayor had remarked he would support latinos by eating tacos .  those tacos and more are expected to be given to local food-assistance outlet .
 fifa chief causes anger with qatar gay sex comments <sec> fifa president advises gay soccer fans traveling to qatar to refrain from sexual activities .  homosexuality is illegal in the arab emirate , which will host the world cup in 2022 .  basketball 's first openly gay player accuses sepp blatter of `` archaic ignorance '' .  blatter was in south africa to launch $ 100 million legacy trust for 2010 world cup hos .
 mullen : debt is top national security threat <sec> joint chiefs of staff chairman says debt competes with military spending .  the pentagon budget has more than doubled in 10 years .  the defense department must `` cut the fat , '' mullen says .
 what is bill clinton up to ? <sec> bill clinton is riding high in the opinion polls , with a 66 % favorability rating .  michael duffy says it 's a sign that former presidents ' popularity increases after white house .  he says some have suggested clinton 's comments have been an effort to undermine obama .  duffy : clinton is more likely acting as a campaign consultant , urging point of view on obam .
 official who ok 'd air force one jet flyover resigns <sec> president reportedly was furious over flight , which frightened new yorkers .  a plane used as air force one was taking part in official photo shoot , faa says .  the flyover cost taxpayers $ 328,000 and has riled politicians , publi .
 police : four fatally shot in st. louis business <sec> new : gunman believed to be owner of business .  four employees are fatally shot at a st. louis health care business .  the apparent murder-suicide followed an argument , police say .  two men , two women were killed , police sa .
 study : mercury in fish poses no heart risk <sec> the study should settle whether mercury from fish , might also impact the heart health of adults . .  it 's also good for your heart , thanks to its low levels of saturated fat .  the american heart association recommends that people eat fish at least twice a wee .
 turkish parties urge headscarf ruling <sec> turkey 's ruling party agrees to lift ban on head scarves in universities .  ban introduced after military coup in 1980 as seen as a sign of religion .  turkey is a secular nation but its population is mainly muslim .  proposal has brought protests among the secular populatio .
 u.s. close in on ryder cup glory despite late poulter heroics <sec> united states of america lead europe 10-6 going into final day of 39th ryder cup .  u.s. dominate morning foursomes but late afternoon points give europe hope .  tiger woods loses third straight match after being rested for first time in ryder cup .  two ian poulter inspired matches help europe cling onto american coat tail .
 ai weiwei : wife held by chinese police <sec> lu qing is released after questioning but told she is now a criminal suspect .  she is not told what the charges are , ai says .  the dissident artist thinks the authorities are trying to threaten him through her .  he is fighting charges of tax evasion which supporters say are politically motivate .
 lionel richie loves performing ... still <sec> lionel richie , who shot to mega-stardom in the 1980s , has a new album .  the grammy award-winning singer is turning 60 years old .  he worked with several heavy hitters in the industry on the new project .  he says music started out as a hobby for him and he continues to enjoy i .
 maryland university buying bulletproof whiteboards to protect profs <sec> university of maryland-eastern shore is buying 200 bulletproof whiteboards .  the whiteboards use technology developed to protect police , military .  the 18-by-20-inch boards weigh less than 4 pound .
 pedrosa makes it third straight win to cut title gap on lorenzo <sec> dani pedrosa wins malaysian moto-gp at sepang .  third straight victory for spaniard to boost his title challenge .  standings leader jorge lorenzo again finishes second .  race cut to 13 laps from 20 because of wet condition .
 valverde dismissed as villarreal coach <sec> spanish primera liga side villarreal dismiss coach ernesto valverde .  valverde becomes the sixth coach to be sacked in the primera liga this season .  sevilla move up to fourth place in the table after a 2-1 home win over third-placed valenci .
 tennis : china 's li na beats wozniacki <sec> zheng jie on sunday becomes first chinese woman to make it to quarters .  venus williams cruises to quarters .  only serena williams remains in play of top five seeds .  li next faces venus william .
 2 americans infected with ebola coming to atlanta <sec> who director : `` unprecedented outbreak accompanied by unprecedented challenges '' .  two americans infected with ebola will come to the u.s. , be treated in georgia .  a plane should bring one patient saturday , then return to liberia for the other .  who : over 1,300 have been infected with ebola , 700 killed recently in west afric .
 authorities hope court deal will end ultra-orthodox protests <sec> jerusalem magistrate 's court to allow woman suspected of child abuse to go home .  police had arrested ultra-orthodox woman , accused her of starving 3-year-old son .  arrest sparked protests , rioting in jerusalem 's ultra-orthodox neighborhoods .  city plan to open parking garage on sabbath has also led to protest .
 my mom is sick of calls from mitt romney <sec> alan borsuk : wisconsin politics in overdrive , with convergence of high-drama elections .  coming up , he says , are tuesday 's primary , recall votes , primaries for their opponents .  borsuk : fall vote , open senate seat mean wisconsinites are suffering from political fatigue .  people are sick to death of deluge of political ads and robocalls , borsuk say .
 nasa : megadroughts to scorch american west for decades <sec> the current drought is bad , but it 's no megadrought .  nasa : if greenhouse gas emissions do n't drastically drop , the nation 's west faces droughts that could last decade .
 norwegian town installs giant mirrors for winter sunlight <sec> sitting in a sun-deprived valley , rjukan installed mirrors to reflect sunlight onto the town 's square .  idea initially born a century ago but was not realized due to the lack of technology at the time .  local businesses hope new light will draw tourists to the town in winte .
 israel explains gaza media restrictions <sec> israel 's media restrictions have prevented journalists from entering gaza .  hamas accused by israel of exploiting the deaths of civilians through media .  israel : restrictions avoid interference in military operations .  inside gaza hamas has controlled the images broadcast by the medi .
 'angels & demons ' fails to draw vatican 's ire <sec> `` angels & demons , '' new ron howard film , based on dan brown novel .  brown 's `` da vinci code '' was controversial book made into controversial film .  howard believes vatican holds grudge ; priest says church barely aware of `` angels .
 drogba says ivory coast can go all the way <sec> didier drogba targets world cup glory with african powerhouses ivory coast .  drogba scored crucial goal as ivory coast clinched qualification for south africa .  ivory coast exited in group stages at the world cup finals in germany in 200 .
 opinion : did terrorists take control of flight 370 ? <sec> officials say flight 370 was diverted , but how likely is it that terrorists were responsible ? .  peter bergen says known terrorist groups seem unlikely to be involved .  jemaah islamiyah has a presence in malaysia , but it has been on the decline , he says .  bergen : if a terrorist group was responsible , it has n't acted to achieve any political aim .
 why suicide rate among veterans may be more than 22 a day <sec> the data the suicide rate is based on are incomplete .  examples of uncounted : `` suicide by cop , '' by overdoses and by vehicle crashes .  `` there 's probably a tidal wave of suicides coming '' .  va makes appeal for more uniform reporting of suicide dat .
 opinion : rising oceans will be unstoppable <sec> scientists say antarctic 's ice land melting 'appears unstoppable ' .  carl safina : who cares if sea level rises and wipes out coastal cities ? .  he says either we have a moral responsibility to others or we do n't .  safina : but given our track record , we might as well hit the snooze butto .
 woman accuses lindsay lohan of nightclub battery <sec> new : lohan was n't at nightclub where the incident allegedly happened , her publicist says .  `` it 's just an allegation , '' a sheriff 's deputy says .  publicist : `` you have to wonder about someone who calls the media before the police '' .  a judge advised lohan to `` stop the nightclubbing and focus on your work '' last mont .
 anti-israel tweets cost professor job , rep says <sec> dr. steven salaita quits job , rents house for move to illinois .  but professor 's job offer at university of illinois is rescinded .  his representative says it 's because of his anti-israel tweets about gaz .
 young and rich in indonesia <sec> around half of indonesia 's population is under 29 .  young entrepreneurs are helping to fuel the country 's economic boom .  some like frozen yogurt chain owner donny pramono looking to expand abroad .  poverty and lack of education for wider population still a proble .
 morocco bombing investigation goes international <sec> sources say moroccan authorities are working with fbi , german police .  three additional suspects arrested in april 28 bombing that killed 17 .  sources suggest connection between marrakech bombing and german arrest .
 allison williams is your new 'peter pan ' <sec> `` girls '' actress allison williams will play peter pan .  she joins christopher walken , who plays captain hook .  the musical , `` peter pan live ! , '' will air on december .
 'irresistible ' worker fired in iowa : 'i do n't think it 's fair ' <sec> melissa nelson worked as a dental assistant for james knight for more than 10 years .  the iowa supreme court rules the dentist acted legally when he let her go .  nelson was fired because knight and his wife felt she was a threat to their marriage .  `` the court got it absolutely right , '' says knight 's attorne .
 'breaking bad ' mini-opera in the works <sec> a `` breaking bad '' mini-opera is in the works .  one world symphony 's artistic director and conductor is composing it .  the mini-opera will be called `` breaking bad -- ozymandias '' .  it 's expected to run in january 201 .
 regardless of wins , female athletes fly economy <sec> women in australian basketball team and japanese soccer team fly economy .  the men 's teams flew in business class to the olympic games .  difference in flights have sparked outrage over how women were treate .
 'training day ' director gives kids a chance <sec> antoine fuqua started program for young filmmakers .  fuqua ( `` training day '' ) gives kids a motto : `` no excuses '' .  fuqua : `` it 's like the world is starting to open up '' for the childre .
 uk speaker martin resigns over expenses scandal <sec> new : british pm announces recommendations for reforming system .  martin is the first speaker forced out of office since 1695 .  mps had demanded he fall on his sword as part of changes to syste .
 pregnant widow accused of adultery executed by taliban <sec> the 47-year-old woman was killed saturday morning .  the taliban accused her of adultery , a local official said .  woman was whipped before she was sho .
 hotmail wants to be hip again <sec> microsoft is hoping to improve the reputation of hotmail .  the web-based e-mail service , once a dominant player , is losing steam .  hotmail faces a growing list of competitors , including apple , facebook , googl .
 u.n. , imf personnel among 21 killed in kabul restaurant attack <sec> new : taliban say it was payback for an airstrike in parwan province .  the attack targeted a kabul restaurant , an afghan official says .  security forces killed two attackers ; the taliban claim responsibility .  u.n. staffers , an imf official and british contractor are among the dea .
 you want answers ? just ask ethan <sec> textethan began as a way for ethan to stay in touch with friends .  strangers started downloading the app and asking questions .  ethan now personally answers life 's little quandarie .
 arizona mother admits killing daughter , poisoning other kids , cops say <sec> connie villa told police she suffocated her daughter , aniarael .  she also admits to trying to kill her other children , police say .  her surviving children had trace amounts of opiates in their systems , police say .  aniarael 's father asks for privacy and prayer .
 military mortuary open to media for first time since 1991 <sec> family of staff sgt . .  phillip myers consents to coverage of his casket 's return .  body of myers brought to dover air force base in delaware on sunday night .  this is first time that media coverage has been allowed since ban in 1991 .  in february , president obama and defense secretary robert gates overturned polic .
 lysacek upsets plushenko in figure skating <sec> new : american evan lysacek breaks russia 's five winter olympic game-streak .  lindsey vonn fails in her bid to win second gold of winter games in super-combined event .  vonn said after her downhill run that she was being troubled by a shin injury .  christine nesbitt wins canada 's third gold of games by claiming 1,000m speed skating crow .
 opinion : did florida shooter make his case on the stand ? <sec> danny cevallos : michael dunn 's testimony highlights important legal points in his murder case .  cevallos : dunn is not george zimmerman ; his self-defense case is comparatively weak .  he says dunn had to prove he had a reasonable fear of being seriously harmed .  cevallos : also , he had to explain why he fled , why he shot 10 rounds into the teens ' ca .
 we need a longer school year <sec> jennifer davis : children lose educational gains in summer , do better with a longer school year .  davis : students from low-income families really fall behind peers with more advantages .  phoenix district extended school year ; scores on state tests went up , she says , failure rates down .  all students do better , she says , and it provides opportunities for more creative teachin .
 premier league : liverpool marches <sec> liverpool beats swansea 1-0 in the english premier league on monday night .  a fortunate goal from liverpool 's jordan henderson settles matters in wales .  brendan rogers ' side moves within two points of manchester united in fourth spot .  liverpool extend good run to seven wins from its last eight epl matche .
 'brain dead ' play costs mcilroy at open <sec> rory mcilroy shoots an eight-over-par round of 79 in first round of the british open .  northern ireland 's world no.2 says he is `` walking round unconscious '' .  u.s. open winner justin rose also sunk a disappointing opening round of 75 .  american zach johnson holds the clubhouse lea .
 bolt eases into 100m semifinals with other big favorites <sec> usain bolt wins 100m first round heat in his first race at 2012 games .  bolt defending 100-200 and relay crowns in london .  american ryan bailey fastest of qualifiers in blistering 9.88 seconds .  double amputee oscar pistorius qualifies for semis in 400 .
 phelps wins historic eighth gold medal <sec> american michael phelps wins historic eighth gold medal in single olympic games .  phelps ' accomplishment breaks record that has stood since 1972 .  u.s. swimming team wins 4x400 medley relay in world recor .
 obama in singapore for economic summit <sec> u.s. president barack obama arrives in singapore for apec summit .  u.s. leader expected to individually meet with leaders of russia , indonesia , singapore .  in saturday speech , obama renews u.s. ties with japan , reaches out to china .  obama : rise `` of a strong , prosperous china can be a source of strengt .
 opinion : from inside , nixon presidency surreal <sec> john avlon : documentary looks at nixon white house from vantage of inner circle .  he says it shows john ehrlichman , bob haldeman as idealistic aides in early nixon era .  he says it also shows nixon 's crass viewpoints and aide 's sycophancy .  avlon : film humanizes nixon , captures surrealism of life in white house bubbl .
 gender row athlete : what is intersexuality ? <sec> south african athlete caster semenya will be gender tested after her gold medal win .  the test will determine if she has a very rare condition known as intersexuality .  there are various forms of the condition , which is very complex .  most intersexuals go through life defining themselves as a specific gende .
 sudan 's president says he will accept referendum result <sec> `` peace is our ultimate goal , '' president omar al-bashir says .  he will abide by referendum result , he says during speech .  southern sudan will vote this month on whether to become independent stat .
