 10 things you did n't know about sound <sec> julian treasure : sounds we hear have an important effect on our lives and health .  noise can cause physical harm and sound can heal , he says .  he says headphone abuse is creating deaf kids .  more research needed to fully understand how what we hear affects our health , he say .
 cnn 's 2013 travel wish list <sec> cnn.com asked a handful of correspondents for their dream destinations for 2013 .  ben wedeman has been looking forward to a visit to mongolia since he was a child .  nic robertson has deep ties to jordan and would like his daughters to see the country .  candy crowley 's love of the water has her saving for a trip to the galapago .
 hezbollah promises lebanon cooperation <sec> hezbollah leader hassan nasrallah says lebanon needs collaboration of everyone .  nasrallah praises election of michel sleiman as president after six months .  election comes after hezbollah and government agreed power-sharing deal .  sleiman is considered a consensus president in the divided countr .
 white house tries to combat drug demand with rehab <sec> drug court supporters say program is more effective than jail time .  biden stresses the importance of drug courts in announcing new drug czar .  obama vows crackdown on drug war but says stopping all drug flow is unrealistic .  legalizing marijuana is not an option , white house say .
 sunday offering : surgery for the needy <sec> surgery on sunday provides free outpatient surgical care to kentucky 's uninsured .  plastic surgeon dr. andy moore started the program in 2005 .  he and his team of volunteers have treated more than 3,100 patients .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2010 cnn heroe .
 davis case helps focus on what 's wrong with death penalty <sec> james acker : debate question to rick perry about texas ' many executions drew cheers .  he says most people , though , are cheering triumph of justice , do n't want wrongful executions .  he says troy davis is condemned to die even though witnesses have recanted .  acker : death penalty fraught with potential error ; cases like davis ' focus our attention on thi .
 winds a major worry in l.a. fires ; governor declares emergency <sec> new : california gov . .  arnold schwarzenegger monday declares a state of emergency .  new : officials warn fire could possibly reach ocean in matter of hours .  winds could push fires to pricey neighborhoods near coast , officials say .  two deaths are connected to fires in los angeles , ventura counties , officials sa .
 opinion : doctor , look at me <sec> bob greene : doctors taking notes on computer interferes with doctor-patient visit .  he says electronic records mandate may keep them from assessing patient visually .  he says visits are precious opportunities for face-to-face discussion .  greene : doctors must find a way to solve this for the sake of doctor-patient relationshi .
 '10-10-10 ' : a fast approach to the right decision <sec> suzy welch writes about a fast way for people to make smarter decisions .  welch says her method could have prevented some of financial crisis .  welch says her strategy is a `` shortcut to wisdom '' .  she says she 's not sure what oprah would think of the 10-10-10 approac .
 is ryan an immigration pragmatist ? <sec> ruben navarrette : democrats paint paul ryan as down on immigration , but he 's complicated .  he says nativist group gave ryan `` c '' on record ; he 's voted for laws giving some legal status .  he says ryan seems to see use of letting temporary workers stay for agricultural work , etc . .  navarrette : he may edge toward stricter views for campaign , but his votes so far show nuanc .
 ebola in guinea : dr. sanjay gupta reports on the outbreak <sec> dr. sanjay gupta is in guinea reporting on the ebola outbreak .  ebola has spread to conakry , the capital city with 2 million residents .  it has gone `` viral , '' and now the hope is that it does n't go global , gupta says .  ebola , a simple virus with a small genome , is a swift and bloody kille .
 psychics see magic in michael jackson 's life <sec> numerologist says michael jackson 's numbers add up to charisma .  paranormal professionals see jackson as out of this world .  psychic believes jackson will be reincarnated within 20 years .  loss of jackson `` creates a vacuum '' psychic consultant say .
 new generation of entrepreneurs <sec> young adults start own businesses as alternative to finding a full-time , entry-level job .  expert : they understand jobs and careers do n't last for extended periods of time .  entrepreneur : i 'm having fun with my business now and can always get job later .  massaro started contest website as a hobby at age 1 .
 why tribal elites feature in afghanistan 's future <sec> jirgas originated as a way of resolving differences between different pashtun tribes .  gareth price says a criticism of the loya jirga is that it sidelines democratic institutions .  price adds that karzai needs to demonstrate that he has wider support among traditional power structures .  he says the power of tribal elites is going to remain a factor in afghan politics for a whil .
 avalanche kills 12 in single deadliest accident on mount everest <sec> four people remain missing , nepal tourism ministry official says .  the deadliest year on mount everest was 1996 , when 15 people died .  more than 300 climbers have been given permission to tackle everest this spring .  about 400 sherpas will help them make the grueling ascen .
 justices rule for underage killers sentenced to life without parole <sec> two men sentenced to life must have at least the chance of parole , the court says .  each of them was 14 years old at the time of the crimes .  kagan : `` the mandatory sentencing schemes ... violate ( the ) principle of proportionality , .  alito : the ruling exposes society to the risk of the men murdering again if release .
 juve fight back at lowly sassuolo to move ever closer to serie a title <sec> juventus win 3-1 at lowly sassuolo in serie a .  goals from carlos tevez , claudio marchisio and fernando llorente for juve .  arsenal beat newcastle 3-0 in english premier league .  arsenal open four-point gap over fifth-placed everto .
 u.s. pow 's dad to taliban : 'let there be peace ' <sec> dad 's words to pow son : `` i will not leave you on the battlefield . .  you are not forgotten '' .  sgt . .  bowe bergdahl 's parents speak out at a rally in idaho .  bergdahl is the only american prisoner of war in afghanistan .  his father send the taliban a message of peac .
 caylee 's grandparents : no doubts daughter casey is innocent <sec> george and cindy anthony say media attention prevents them from visiting casey .  they say public does n't understand their situation , people pick their actions apart .  cindy anthony said she wrote suicide notes but never acted on them .  their attorney expects they 'll be called as witnesses in daughter casey 's tria .
 90-year-old man charged over nazi massacre <sec> man from northern germany charged with 58 counts of killing jewish laborers .  killings took place just weeks from the end of world war ii .  man is accused of being part of an ss group that carried out execution .
 facebook page supporting palestinian intifada pulled down <sec> new : facebook says it removed the page because it called for violence .  other pages with the same name have been created on facebook .  the israeli government said the page promoted the killing of jews .  the creators of the page said it promotes the liberation of palestin .
 the 23-year-old with 24 kids : genocide orphans form their own families <sec> young genocide survivors are coming together to form `` artificial families '' in rwanda .  they help each other financially and offer emotional support .  20 years after the genocide , many young people still carry scars from the past .  the country is currently in the middle of 100 days of mournin .
 nato may go for enforcement of 'no-fly plus ' <sec> all 28 nato allies authorized a plan that includes civilian protection .  transition to be complete by sunday night , sources say .  questions on rules of engagement remain to be worked ou .
 commentary : nobel for obama is premature <sec> john feehery : obama 's nobel prize win surprised the right , the left , obama himself .  hard to see any notable achievements for peace by obama so far , feehery says .  he says obama won because he was elected president and was n't george bush .  obama voters should share the prize , because they elected him , feehery say .
 late penalty stuns manchester city ; liverpool edge past west brom <sec> sunderland beat manchester city 1-0 at the stadium of light .  darren bent scores the only goal of the game in the 94th minute .  liverpool beat west brom 1-0 thanks to a fernando torres goal .  aston villa beat everton 1-0 while bolton and birmingham draw 2- .
 confidence is key for record-breaker roger federer <sec> roger federer beats john isner to clinch a record fourth indian wells masters title .  the former world no . .  1 has now won his last three atp tour tournaments .  the 16-time grand slam winner has won 39 and lost just two of his last 41 matches .  federer praised isner 's performance , after the he reached the top 10 for the first tim .
 memories of boyhood in the heat of the cuban revolution <sec> cnn 's arthur brice in santiago when castro , other rebels rose up against batista .  brice family witness to warplanes bombing rebel camps , heard shoot-outs .  boy 's world included police raids , rebels going door- to-door , body by the road .  50 years ago , a stranger on a deserted street asks : `` did you hear ? .  batista is gone .
 hammer-wielding thieves strike memphis mall , steal rolex watches <sec> the thieves stole about $ 715,000 worth of rolex watches , police say .  some reported gunfire , but police say it was the sound of display cases breaking .  no one was injured in the incident , and the culprits remain at larg .
 michelle knight : stop doubting california woman on kidnapping <sec> a photo purports to show the woman with her mom a week before she went to police .  suspect 's attorney says the allegations sound fabricated to him .  some neighbors also questioned california woman 's abduction story , saying she seemed happy .  judgmental attitudes could keep others being abused from coming forward , michelle knight say .
 nasa : 2 places on mars could have been habitable <sec> the twin spirit and opportunity rovers landed on mars in january 2004 .  spirit lost communication with earth in 2010 , but opportunity is still sending data .  studies describe insights about past life-supporting environments .  the curiosity rover followed in august 201 .
 oahu bans smoking at the beach <sec> new laws on oahu ban smoking from beaches , parks , tennis courts , softball fields .  municipal golf courses are excepted from the ban .  laws take effect january 1 , 201 .
 will the 'god particle ' destroy the universe ? ( opinion ) <sec> physicist stephen hawking said the `` god particle '' could destroy the universe .  meg urry : the chance of this particle , known as higgs boson , obliterating us is tiny .  she says such an event should not occur until the universe is many times its present age .  urry : you 're more likely to die from being hit by lightning than danger from higgs boso .
 rare comic of superman debut fetches $ 1.5 million <sec> action comics no . .  1 from 1938 features superman 's first appearance .  comic 's buyer has `` secret identity and would rather remain that way '' .  there are thought to be 50 to 100 copies of action comics no . .  1 floating aroun .
 pakistani airstrikes target taliban <sec> new : pakistani military says operation completed against militants in dir .  new : general releases recording of conversation he says is among taliban leaders .  pakistan criticized for not cracking down on militants along afghan borde .
 russian planes again fly over u.s. navy ships <sec> two russian planes flew within 500 feet of u.s. navy aircraft carrier .  that flyover is lower than others russians have made over u.s. ships this year .  u.s. aircraft tried contacting russian planes , but pilots did n't respond .  u.s. fighter jets met up with russian planes , flew with them until they lef .
 barcelona pay $ 18.5m tax after neymar charges <sec> barcelona pay $ 18.5m in tax four days after judge files charges for alleged tax fraud .  tax fraud allegations came as spanish judge expanded inquiry into controversial neymar deal .  barca describe the tax payment as `` voluntary '' while denying any fiscal `` irregularities .
 make the most of johannesburg <sec> a visit to the apartheid museum offers an insight into the city 's troubled past .  sample the delights of crocodile and giraffe meat at the carnivore restaurant .  if you prefer your game alive and in its natural setting , head to the lion park .  the best way to explore the city , and visit nearby pretoria , is to hire a ca .
 1969 : an eventful summer <sec> man lands on the moon on july 20 with apollo 11 mission .  a new supreme court justice and withdrawal of troops in vietnam grab headlines .  in the world of sports , the mets , muhammad ali and joe nameth make news .  for more , go to in depth : summer of 196 .
 anti-semitic incidents rise sharply in 2009 , study says <sec> israeli incursion into gaza `` triggered a wave of anti-semitic manifestations , '' study says .  tel aviv university study reports 1,129 such incidents in 2009 , more than double previous year .  study : britain , france `` have become centers for the activities of extremist anti-israel groups '' .  report expresses concern over what it calls `` the abuse of the holocaust as a political tool .
 gary michael hilton convicted in murder of florida nurse <sec> hilton was already serving a life sentence for the murder of a georgia hiker .  jury also finds him guilty of kidnapping , grand theft in murder of cheryl dunlap .  the body of the 46-year-old nurse was found in 2007 in apalachicola national fores .
 obama : proposals to address gun violence due by january <sec> friends say nancy lanza vacationed alone the week of the shooting .  obama vows to push `` without delay '' a set of proposals that will be due by january .  no single law or set of laws can prevent gun violence , the president says .  newtown united holds an open meeting on `` sensible gun legislation .
 berlusconi lashes out over tv sex scandal talk <sec> italian prime minister silvio berlusconi lashes out at a tv talk show in call-in .  he calls the program a `` television brothel '' .  berlusconi is being investigated over claims he paid for sex with an underage gir .
 swing like spieth : 3 yoga moves to improve your golf game <sec> during the masters , jordan spieth demonstrated optimal movement to enhance swing power and fluid control .  when golfers have mobility limitations they compensate with their low back and knees , which often leads to pain and injur .
 wyclef jean helping through 'yéle haiti ' <sec> haitian born musician wyclef jean founded charity organization yéle haiti in 2005 .  yéle has been involved with haiti through scholarships and food drives .  jean and yéle mobilized within two hours following haiti earthquak .
 faa restricts flights over iraq in conflict with isis <sec> planes traveling over iraq must fly higher than 30,000 feet .  the faa also prohibits flights into and out of erbil and sulaymaniyah .  mh17 was downed over ukraine 's conflict region from an altitude of about 30,000 fee .
 ex-cop guilty in murders of girlfriend , unborn baby <sec> new : bobby cutts jr. guilty of murders of jessie davis , unborn child .  new : cutts faces the death penalty in death of baby chloe .  jury deliberated for nearly 22 hours in murder trial of former police officer .  `` i did n't mean to hurt her , '' bobby cutts jr. testifie .
 report : 'generals for hire ' scandal snares retired military figures in uk <sec> an undercover sunday times investigation secretly filmed retired military officials .  the officials allegedly claimed they could influence arms deals for private firms .  the officials , all retired generals , denied the allegations by the sunday times .  the ministry of defence has launched an investigation into the allegation .
 review : `` man of steel '' is joyless <sec> the latest superman reboot opens in theaters june 14 .  director zack snyder 's superman is darker than other portrayals .  yet , thew new characterization may leave some fans disappointe .
 fugitive hijacker may soon return to u.s . <sec> william potts hijacked a u.s. airliner in 1984 and forced it to cuba .  the former black panther spent more than 13 years in cuban prisons .  he 's been trying to return to the united states for the past year .  he told cnn he expects to return within a wee .
 afghanistan war marks 10 years with little commemoration <sec> the u.s.-led war in afghanistan began october 7 , 2001 , with an air campaign .  more than 2,700 nato troops have died during the war , according to a cnn count .  of those killed , 1,780 are american , 382 are british and 157 are canadian , according to the count .  the u.s. and most nato nations have announced plans to withdraw troops from afghanistan by 201 .
 djokovic makes short work of u.s. open champion cilic <sec> novak djokovic wins opening match in atp world tour finals .  beats u.s. open champion marin cilic 6-1 6-1 .  stanislas wawrinka thrashes tomas berdcyh by same margin .  first day wins for roger federer and kei nishikor .
 woods ups his workload in bid to re-enter winning circle at majors <sec> tiger woods to play greenbrier classic for the first time .  woods will use tournament as tuneup for british open at royal lytham .  woods won arnold palmer invitational at bay hill earlier this year .  he has disappointed in three tournaments since that 72nd pga tour wi .
 blanc leaves out entire squad for friendly <sec> laurent blanc choses not to select any of france 's 23-man world cup squad for norway friendly .  blanc makes the decision following the squad 's boycott of training during the world cup .  franck ribery , eric abidal , nicolas anelka and florent malouda among those suspended .  captain patrice evra was involved in a row with a fitness coach which prompted boycot .
 20 doctors sentenced in bahrain over recent unrest <sec> the doctors are accused of trying to overthrow the bahraini government .  most of the doctors were sentenced to 15 years in prison .  their lawyer says they will appeal the convictions in october .  the charges `` are simply ludicrous , '' an amnesty international official say .
 mandatory evacuations to begin sunday morning in new orleans <sec> new : mandatory evacuations set to begin 8 a.m. sunday in new orleans .  hurricane watch issued from southeastern texas to alabama-florida border .  thousands evacuating gulf coast on buses , trains , planes .  gustav 's sustained winds reach 150 mph as it roars past cub .
 rocketing property prices in india 's fast-growing capital <sec> roughly 200,000 people move to live and work in the indian capital , new delhi , every year .  the cost of luxury property in some of the cities most prosperous areas has rocketed as a result .  some homes in the most exclusive areas can fetch prices of up to $ 100 millio .
 decision on madonna 's adoption due friday <sec> madonna will learn friday if she can adopt another malawian child .  she reportedly wants to adopt a young girl named chifundo james .  save the children spokesman says madonna should reconsider the mov .
 japan motogp called-off <sec> after friday 's earthquake and tsunami the motogp race in japan is postponed .  although not serious , there was some damage to the race track in motegi .  second year in a row race has been re-scheduled after volcanic ash crisis in 2010 .  japanese round of world motorbike championship will now be held on october .
 death toll rises in indonesia as volcano continues to rumble <sec> the president is directing relief in yogyakarta .  some flights have been canceled in jakarta .  the ash cloud that hit a village was 450-600 degrees celsius .  about 120 people have died since mount merapi started erupting on october 2 .
 opinion : diversity of thought is imperative , not option <sec> tara wall feels that diversity of ideas is just as important as racial differences .  she points to the recent uproar over ebony magazine and one editor 's twitter comments .  wall says republicans have done much to support jobs and black familie .
 hannah graham disappearance and suspect jesse matthew <sec> the area in which authorities are searching for graham has expanded .  investigators are looking for connections to other missing persons and homicide cases .  dna has linked suspect jesse matthew to another murder case .  sexual assault accusations against matthew have surfaced elsewhere in virgini .
 madeleine mccann mystery : police want to question british man living in portugal <sec> the man , robert murat , has always denied any involvement .  police also want to question the man 's wife and several others , a source says .  madeleine disappeared from her family 's holiday apartment in portugal in 200 .
 commentary : stop flow of u.s. guns to mexico drug war <sec> townsend , helmke : u.s. guns are helping fuel the mexican drug war .  they say u.s. should close loophole letting guns be sold without background check .  they say congress should drop limits on federal release of gun data .  townsend , helmke : u.s. should strengthen powers of federal firearms agenc .
 fund founder thomas gilbert sr. killed ; son arrested <sec> thomas gilbert jr. was arrested on suspicion of homicide .  his father , thomas gilbert sr. , started the wainscott capital partners fund .  he was found shot in the hea .
