 zimmerman 's father says trayvon martin threatened to kill his son <sec> `` he continued to beat george , '' father tells news station .  a video shows zimmerman at police station .  martin family , some legal experts say video shows zimmerman not severely beate .
 texts used to tackle south africa hiv crisis <sec> one million free texts will be sent every day for 12 months from monday .  project masiluleke has seen rise in use of aids helpline during pilot project .  the initiative plans to send millions of health messages every mont .
 sxsw may have peaked , and that 's not a bad thing <sec> observers say hype around south by southwest interactive is more muted this year .  some sxsw veterans feel the festival may have reached a saturation point .  sxsw is seen as a place to preview trends that may become mainstream in a few years .  just days before the festival , no big blow-out events have been announce .
 crews in pakistan find voice , flight data recorders <sec> the data recorders will be sent to europe .  the crash investigation could take months .  pakistan is enduring its annual monsoon seaso .
 obama addresses rumors at pro-israel conference <sec> new : sen. clinton to aipac : obama would be a `` good friend to israel '' .  sen. obama also addresses aipac , a pro-israel group .  he talks about rumors that he is muslim and does n't support the jewish state .  obama opens the speech by paying tribute to his rival , clinto .
 sergio garcia takes lead at the barclays <sec> sergio garcia takes lead after third round at bethpage .  american nick watney sits second after difficult third round .  tiger woods holed a 53 foot putt on his way to a round of 72 .  mcilroy made amends for his poor second round , carding a 6 .
 what if you do n't like your kids ' friends ? <sec> in `` brutally honest '' video series , kelly wallace takes on provocative parenting questions .  first step for parents is figuring out why they do n't like a child 's friend , says a psychologist .  author says forbidding a friendship could backfire on parents .  teens with friends who drink and do drugs are more likely to do the same , according to repor .
 aaa sues port authority over new york city toll hikes <sec> complaint says tolls are not `` just and reasonable '' .  lawsuit also says drivers are paying for rebuilding of world trade center .  port authority says suit is `` without merit .
 sources : alleged shooter hated government , 'new world order ' <sec> new : fbi unable to interview wounded lax shooting suspect paul anthony ciancia .  new : fbi has found no evidence of prior tsa incidents involving suspect .  federal charges filed against ciancia for murder of officer and violence in an airport .  ciancia sent `` angry , rambling '' texts to his brother and father , police sa .
 'angry birds space ' now available for download <sec> 'angry birds space ' is now available for iphone , ipad , ipod touch and android devices .  the game has 60 levels , with more content available through in-app purchases .  the game also supports the new retina display for the ipa .
 'pirates of the caribbean 5 ' sets course for 2017 <sec> the film is set for july 7 , 2017 .  a fifth film was initially targeted for a 2015 release .  the project was delayed after `` lone ranger .
 amanda seyfried wants to be regina in 'mean girls ' musical <sec> there have been rumors about a musical based on `` mean girls '' .  amanda seyfried starred in the movie version as karen .  in allure magazine , seyfried said she 'd want to play regina in the musical .  but could seyfried pull off the role of the queen bee .
 here 's why the ukraine crisis wo n't affect russia , u.s. space collaboration <sec> former astronaut says both countries necessary for iss .  nasa retired its space shuttle fleet in 2011 .  its astronauts have no way to get to and from the international space station .  russian soyuz capsules ferry u.s. astronaut .
 boko haram abduct 60 females , kill 30 men in nigeria <sec> village raid occurred in nigeria 's borno state , where boko haram has a presence .  several dozen girls and women were abducted , sources say .  thirty male villagers were killed , and the militants looted the village for food , they sa .
 u.s. navy seal jason kortz dies in parachute accident - cnnpolitics.com <sec> navy identifies deceased sailor as jason kortz , who leaves behind a wife .  statement says he was `` epitome of a quiet professional .
 woman sues cosby for alleged sexual assault in 1974 <sec> the alleged sexual assault took place at the playboy mansion in 1975 .  cosby 's camp has consistently , vehemently denied the claims against him .  the daily beast published a story detailing another allegatio .
 why women are world 's best climate change defense <sec> mary robinson served as president of ireland from 1990-1997 .  robinson : durban conference showed women 's leadership in global efforts against climate change .  recent world bank report found that women now represent 40 % of the global labor force .  robinson : we need to harness the contribution of women to embrace green growt .
 north korea warned of 'severe consequences ' for further attacks <sec> new : another u.s. delegation will go to asia , sources say .  new : japan sending an envoy to china to discuss the korean crisis .  top u.s. , japanese and s. korean diplomats condemn recent n. korean actions .  u.s. joint chiefs chairman to head to south korea to demonstrate suppor .
 mccain ahead in national polls ; obama up in electoral votes <sec> cnn 's poll of polls shows john mccain leading barack obama , 47-45 percent .  obama ahead in electoral college count , but some polls taken before convention .  candidates focusing on battleground states like missouri , ohio .  candidate needs 270 electoral votes to win the electio .
 uk newspaper hits back over argentinian claim to falklands <sec> british newspaper says argentinian claims to the falkland islands are unfounded .  the sun 's open letter , saying `` hands off '' the islands , is printed in a buenos aires paper .  it 's a response to an open letter from argentina 's president in uk media claiming sovereignty .  the british government says there wo n't be sovereignty talks unless islanders want the .
 reader response : same-sex couples as parents <sec> cnn 's `` gary and tony have a baby '' followed gay couple 's struggle to become parents .  reader : `` as long as they love and nourish that child it will make ... no difference '' .  some argued having same-sex parents would harm a child .  others shared stories of growing up with same-sex parents or being gay parent .
 lynne cheney : partisanship is a madisonian principle <sec> lynne cheney has written a new book on president james madison .  in an interview with cnn , she also talks about politics and her family .  jeb bush would make `` a great contribution '' if he ran for president .  she thinks hillary clinton is indeed running for the white hous .
 asashoryu : sumo 's big bad boy <sec> mongolian grand champion wrestler one of the sumo 's most successful ever .  reinvigorated the sport , but also has detractors critical of his style and attitude .  accused of match fixing and feigning illness , banned as a consequenc .
 missing al jazeera reporter safe in qatar , network says <sec> new : her fiance thanks iran for parvaz 's release .  syria says it deported the al jazeera reporter to iran .  iran says it has `` no information '' about her whereabouts .  al jazeera says dorothy parvaz is safe and well in doh .
 is maggie smith leaving 'downton abbey ' ? <sec> maggie smith causes fuss by saying next season of `` downton abbey '' may be her last .  such speculation was hurriedly squashed by a `` downton '' publicist .  here are some of our favorite dowager countess zingers from the sho .
 less sun , more depression for people with sad <sec> between 4 and 6 percent of the u.s. population suffers from sad .  light therapy , psychotherapy , and medications are treatment options .  recent research indicates genetic component to the conditio .
 how did fake pilot get into cockpit ? <sec> passenger used mom 's air france id to bluff way to front of plane , fbi investigator says .  philippe jeannard allegedly was angry over inability to upgrade to business class .  man 's clumsiness with jump seat revealed him as a phony , pilots told investigators .  jeannard faces a variety of state and federal charge .
 police brutality rampant in honduras , amnesty report says <sec> president manuel zelaya was ousted in a bloodless coup in june .  report : beatings meant to punish those opposed to ouster of zelaya .  multiple requests to the government for comment went unanswere .
 f1 drivers threaten german gp boycott over tire safety <sec> f1 drivers threaten to boycott german gp over tire safety .  their association expresses grave concerns over events at silverstone .  five drivers suffered tire failures in british grand prix .  fernando alonso says they have to place trust in tire manufacturer pirell .
 china trade : the 'dalai lama effect ' <sec> study : countries that meet with the dalai lama lose 8.1 percent in exports to china .  effect lasts for two years following the meeting with the exiled spiritual leader .  the `` dalai lama effect '' began in 2002 when president hu jintao took office .  only impacts trade if meetings are between a head of state and the dalai lam .
 clinton condemns peshawar market blast <sec> clinton condemns bombing of peshawar market which killed at least 90 people wednesday .  of militants who carried out the attacks , she said : `` they are on the losing side of history '' .  the u.s. secretary of state is in pakistan to shore up strained relations .  clinton said relationship is about more than security and anti-terror campaig .
 torture tape central to lawsuit against uae sheikh <sec> former business partner of sheikh issa of abu dhabi suing royal .  bassam nabulsi 's tape shows sheikh severely torturing grain merchant .  nabulsi , of houston , says he himself was tortured in jail , sheikh owes him $ 80m .  u.s. senior officials say case is holding up a u.s. nuclear deal with the ua .
 opinion : timbuktu tomb attack is an attack on our humanity <sec> irina bokova : the destruction of timbuktu 's shrines adds a moral and cultural crisis to a desperate humanitarian situation .  she says the attack is an attempt to isolate and exclude , to sever the ties that bind peoples together .  `` we need a new leap of global solidarity today , starting in timbuktu , '' she say .
 guinness ' success highlights opportunity in nigeria , africa <sec> guinness beer plant in nigeria expanding facilities as business thrives .  guinness success story highlights potential for foreign investment in africa .  but other foreign companies have pulled out of nigeria , citing rising production costs .  problems with infrastructure , government make some hesitate to invest in nigeri .
 student 's killing appears unjustified , lawyer says <sec> the shooting of an alabama student appears unjustified , the family 's lawyer says .  attorney jere beasley says he questions training and standards for campus police .  the student died saturday after an incident at the campus police station .  gilbert thomas collar was naked and sweating profusel .
 group behind anti-kony video rebuts criticism , urges public pressure <sec> new : invisible children 's ceo defends the nonprofit in a new video .  new : he says `` kony 2012 '' is tied to a `` very intentional and strategic campaign '' .  new : he says it 's not true the organization has n't been transparent with its finances .  the video , centered on an african warlord , has been viewed 74 million times onlin .
 conrad hilton charged with assault on flight <sec> conrad hilton , younger brother of paris hilton , is free on $ 100,000 bond .  he 's charged with interfering with flight crew members and faces up to 20 years in prison .  he allegedly disabled a smoke detector , called passengers `` peasants '' and punched a bulkhea .
 how the arab spring sparked innovation and creativity <sec> shihadeh : post-arab spring mideast is `` enriched and awakened society , '' not a `` disrupted society '' .  the arab spring was simply a call for change , change in ideologies , change in direction , change in hope .  arab spring allows for thoughts and ideas to sprout that were once dormant , he write .
 space travel : u.s. company to offer balloon flights to edge of space <sec> arizona-based company plans trip to the edge of space in a `` luxury capsule '' .  lifted by a high altitude balloon , the capsule will travel to a height of about 30 kilometers .  the first flight is expected to take off in three year .
 scale of afghan landslide 'absolutely devastating ' <sec> the death toll from a double landslide may be as high as 2,700 , a relief agency says .  authorities have declared the site a mass graveyard .  more afghans died in natural disasters in one week than in the whole of 2013 , the u.n. says .  relief agencies are racing to help the survivors , who lack access to clean wate .
 meet the garden shed aviator <sec> david barford is part of a small group of amateurs obsessed with man-powered aircraft .  his betterfly is 22-meters wide and can take flight under barford 's pedal-power .  it is the hand-made aspect that most appeals to hi .
 maureen dowd 's bad trip <sec> new york times columnist maureen dowd 's experiment with legal pot did n't go well .  she says she was `` curled up in a hallucinatory state '' for eight hours .  dowd is largely being mocked on social medi .
 commentary : ny post cartoon is racist and careless <sec> roland martin : ny post cartoon combines stimulus with shooting of a chimp .  he says the cartoon inevitably makes people think of backer of stimulus bill .  martin : clearly the bill was the first priority for president obama .  he says anyone who knows history would know that the cartoon is offensiv .
 13 dead in snowstorm as buffalo awaits rain <sec> officials up death toll to 13 .  authorities worry some buildings could collapse when snow sops up rain .  an nfl game moved to detroit 's ford field on monday .  snowdrifts have trapped people in their home .
 harvard student eldo kim charged in final-exam bomb hoax <sec> a harvard sophomore is accused of sending phony e-mail threats to avoid final exam .  eldo kim , 20 , allegedly e-mailed the threats half an hour before his exam was to begin .  his exam and others were canceled for the day after buildings were evacuated .  kim 's first court appearance is slated for wednesda .
 obama says no regrets over ground zero islamic center comments <sec> president obama 's remarks last week became a political issue .  republicans criticized the comments as being out of touch with the public .  obama and democrats say religious freedom is a constitutional righ .
 why we hate powerpoints -- and how to fix them <sec> army officer fired after publishing essay complaining about useless powerpoints .  nancy duarte says bad presentations obscure or conceal key points .  she says successful presentations do n't win because of a wealth of data .  duarte : what makes a powerpoint work is great storytellin .
 blind sailors compete against the odds in world championship <sec> the blind sailing world championships were held in new zealand this month .  blind and visually impaired sailors work with sighted crew aboard the vessels .  the competition has been running since 199 .
 woman busted in spain for cocaine in breast implants <sec> the suspect landed on a `` hot flight '' to barcelona from bogota , colombia .  her story just did n't sound right to border agents .  a pat-down revealed blood-stained bandage material .  a hospital removed breast implants full of cocain .
 tsunami watch issued for five countries canceled <sec> watch covered india , myanmar , thailand , indonesia and bangladesh .  it was issued after a 7.6-magnitude earthquake in the indian ocean .  quake with 6.4-magnitude occurred near japan 12 minutes late .
 opinion : 5 lessons for a new cold war <sec> frida ghitis says russia looks ready to claim crimea ; it 's a new cold war .  crisis shows that u.s. , eu are not feared , but their values first prompted protests .  other lessons ? .  mess with putin at your peril ; giving up nuclear weapons leaves you vulnerable .  ghitis : putin shows brute force still works , but u.s. , eu may still rise to challeng .
 caribbean cruise cut short by illness <sec> crown princess cruise is cut short due to illness .  ship will return to port two days early for two-day sanitation program .  passengers will receive refunds and future cruise credit .
 why apple is more than just steve jobs <sec> apple founder steve jobs says he is not the sole decision maker at apple .  jobs resigns as ceo of apple , appointing tim cook who is familiar with that role .  apple is organized in a way so that many people share responsibilities , jobs say .
 the wait for cuban beaches and cigars remains <sec> the obama administration eased travel restrictions to cuba on wednesday .  but that does n't mean u.s. tourists will overrun the island just yet .  u.s. resale of cuban cigars and rum will still be banne .
 japan court halts restart of takahama nuclear reactors <sec> the reopening of two nuclear reactors has been blocked by a japanese court over safety fears .  the reactors had previously been cleared to reopen by the country 's nuclear watchdog .  japan 's 48 nuclear reactors have been offline in the wake of the 2011 fukushima disaste .
 wisconsin 's deep political anger is n't going away <sec> alan borsuk : wisconsin residents to decide recall of conservative gov . .  scott walker .  borsuk : walker , who weakened public worker unions , changed the politics of wisconsin .  borsuk : whoever wins , money and bad tempers will dominate as election season intensifies .  tumultuous presidential , state , senate elections and budget fights all ahead , he say .
 real heroes : four died so others might live <sec> bob greene : on super bowl sunday , football players will be called gutsy , heroic .  he says for real heroism , look to four wwii chaplains who sacrificed lives on this day in 1943 .  he says the helped young soldiers to safety , giving up life vests , when their ship hit .  greene : they went down with ship . .  think of them while you 're cheering football `` heroes .
 travelers get another winter wallop <sec> nearly 1,100 atlanta flights canceled ahead of winter storm for wednesday .  charlotte , north carolina , and dallas also posting winter weather cancellations .  many atlantans stayed home after the city 's recent winter weather traffic nightmar .
 mall attack another blow to kenya tourism <sec> mall attack may have targeted tourists .  `` it 's a really international place , '' says one kenya resident .  incident follows tourist kidnappings and airport blaze .  kenya had upped visitor numbers by 50 % in recent year .
 haitians 'needed but not wanted ' by neighbor <sec> haitians still illegally entering dominican republic , months after deadly quake .  one analyst says the number of illegal haitians has quadrupled .  dominican republic wants all quake survivors to return home after receiving medical car .
 on ferguson : america , we have a problem ( opinion ) <sec> lz granderson : cases like ferguson indicate u.s. has a problem , not misunderstanding .  granderson says he has lost count of the number of times police have stopped him .  we all have to have the courage to admit the country has a race problem , he say .
 promoter : michael jackson 'as healthy as can be ' <sec> u.k. tabloid reported that michael jackson has skin cancer .  jackson has `` no health problems whatsoever , '' says concert promoter .  jackson is scheduled to perform 50 shows at london arena starting july .
 london police arrest man in rothko defacement <sec> british police make an arrest in rothko defacement .  a man painted on of the famed artist 's seagram murals on sunday .  the painting was hanging in london 's tate modern museum , which was closed after the inciden .
 activist accepts katt williams ' apology for anti-mexican rant <sec> new : williams ' words are `` borderline hate speech , '' a civil rights activist says .  the rant was captured on video and has drawn criticism .  `` my remarks were not meant to be offensive . .  i want to apologize , '' williams says .  williams ' often raunchy style has drawn comparisons to comedy legend richard pryo .
