 army sergeant guilty in afghan rampage to testify at sentencing <sec> army staff sgt . .  robert bales admitted to gunning down 16 civilians .  the plea spares the 39-year-old bales the prospect of a death sentence .  a jury will decide whether he will have a chance at parole .  afghan civilians have been called to testify about what they saw , survive .
 massachusetts judge rules for inmate 's sex-change surgery <sec> the state 's department of correction said michelle kosilek has a gender identity disorder . .  kosilek is serving a life sentence without parole for murdering his wife .  kosilek had attempted castration and tried to commit suicide twice while incarcerate .
 was nigeria hoodwinked over boko haram 'truce ' ? <sec> on october 17 , nigeria 's government announced a truce with boko haram .  officials said the deal would see more than 200 girls abducted by the group in april freed .  but a video emerged of boko haram 's leader denying a truce had been agreed .  tolu ogunlesi says the government 's election focus allowed it to be hoodwinke .
 georgia execution is first since botched oklahoma procedure <sec> marcus wellons was convicted of raping , killing georgia teen .  his execution was the first in u.s. since a botched oklahoma execution .  executions were scheduled in georgia , missouri and florida over 24 hour .
 syria rebel groups recruit child soldiers , says hrw <sec> human rights watch demands an end to child soldiers in syria 's civil war .  the monitoring group documents 194 deaths of `` non-civilian '' male children since 2011 .  the report demands the discharge of all soldiers under age 18 .  the report , citing logistical and security concerns , did not look into pro-government militia .
 singer whitney houston dies at 48 <sec> new : aretha franklin calls news `` stunning '' .  houston 's bodyguard found her body , boyfriend 's publicist says .  a tribute is expected at sunday night 's grammy awards .  the entertainer had struggled with addiction problem .
 dominant sharapova powers into wimbledon last four <sec> tournament favorite maria sharapova reaches the wimbledon semifinals .  the 2004 champion defeats dominika cibulkova for the loss of just two games .  sharapova next faces german sabine lisicki , who defeats marion bartoli in three set .
 italy captain cannavaro rejoins juventus <sec> italy captain fabio cannavaro rejoining juve after three years at real madrid .  news comes less than 24 hours after the club sacked coach claudio ranieri .  defender cannavaro , 35 , won two scudetti with juventus , in 2005 and 200 .
 benigno aquino iii takes office as president of philippines <sec> new : benigno aquino iii sworn in as the philippines ' 15th president .  aquino won election by a landslide in may .  aquino continues a political dynasty launched by his parent .
 schweinsteiger spares bayern 's blushes <sec> midfielder bastian schweinsteiger rescues a point for bayern munich at cologne .  schalke are hot on the heels of bayern after they cruised to a 4-1 win at eintracht frankfurt .  marcell jansen scores the only goal of the game as hamburg beat hertha berlin .  hannover clinch a vital three points over fellow relegation strugglers freiburg with a 2-1 away wi .
 china executes drug gang over mekong river massacre <sec> one of the four was a burmese drug smuggler .  the men were convicted in the murder of at least 12 chinese sailors in thailand .  thai authorities found the corpses and about 1 million amphetamines in 201 .
 porn actress talks about charlie sheen 's last party <sec> kacey jordan details what she says was actor 's two-day binge .  sheen wanted to set up a house for porn stars to party , jordan says .  the porn actress says sheen wanted her to watch his children .  sheen entered rehab last frida .
 foxworthy on letterman : 'it was a flawed joke ' <sec> david letterman made off-color joke about gov . .  sarah palin 's daughter last week .  foxworthy : `` as a father of two teenage daughters , it was a flawed joke '' .  foxworthy also says he thinks palins should accept letterman 's apologies , move on .  the comedian also has `` advice '' about having fun on the jo .
 gitmo inmate : my treatment shames u.s. flag <sec> samir naji describes conditions in guantanamo bay detention camp .  naji says he was interrogated for three months by two teams , running shifts round the clock .  interrogators abused him , forced him to look at degrading pornography , he claims .  treatment shames american flag hanging in the prison corridor , naji say .
 has u.s. learned from past counter-terrorism mistakes in africa ? <sec> counter-terrorism policies live on the edge of international law , alex vines writes .  u.s. raids in africa show that america 's military is increasingly active on the continent .  building up professional , accountable militaries is only part of the solution , vines say .
 gattuso ends speculation about future <sec> gennaro gattuso has ended speculation over his future by signing a new contract at ac milan .  gattuso has been linked with moves to the english premier league in recent weeks .  but the club have confirmed he will be remaining in milan for the next three year .
 kandahar police repel attack on army recruitment center <sec> new : one victim killed , 9 wounded including a civilian .  four insurgents are killed during attack on police hq in kandahar .  the taliban claims responsibility for the attack .  afghan and coalition forces kill 80 insurgents in a separate inciden .
 4 children dead after being swept away in kentucky creek <sec> new : authorities have recovered the bodies of four children in kentucky .  two children and their mother are able to get to a safe area .  the family was traveling in a horse-drawn carriage on a flooded stree .
 finally , the truth about bloody sunday <sec> on `` bloody sunday '' in 1972 , 14 protesters shot dead by british soldiers in northern ireland .  thirty-eight years later , uk government finds that shootings were unjustified .  conor o'clery says the saville report corrected a `` great historical injustice '' .  o'clery : `` lies and coverup make problems worse . .  the truth can mend fences .
 hacking attack on south korea traced to china <sec> new : attack traced to ip address in china , officials say .  north korea has staged similar attacks in the past , expert says .  banks , broadcasters targeted ; government networks unaffected , yonhap reports .  south korean military steps up its cyberdefense efforts in respons .
 what to expect from the lame duck congress - cnnpolitics.com <sec> congress returns to washington wednesday .  lame duck session marks final few weeks of democratic control in the senat .
 terror group founder 's son killed in pakistan <sec> nasiruddin haqqani 's bullet-riddled body found , pakistani intelligence official says .  he was eldest son of haqqani network founder jalaluddin haqqani .  the haqqani network is aligned with the taliban and al qaeda .  new york times describes haqqani network as `` sopranos of the afghanistan war .
 g8 leaders praise arab spring activists <sec> sarkozy cites more sources of possible financial help for egypt and tunisia .  g8 leaders express solidarity with pro-democracy activists in the middle east and north africa .  they say multilateral lenders could provide more than $ 20 billion to help egypt and tunisia .  the leaders compared sweeping changes to the fall of communism in eastern europ .
 pakistan claim nervous win over england <sec> pakistan seeking to level four-match series in england after winning third test at oval .  tourists triumph by four wickets in london with a day to spare after chasing 148 to win .  teenage fast bowler mohammad amir , unbeaten at end , named man of the match .  the 18-year-old is the youngest bowler to take five wickets in test innings in englan .
 gay couples say 'i do ' in england and wales <sec> church of england indicates it will no longer campaign against the issue . .  historic law legalizing same-sex marriage comes into force in england and wales .  the legislation was approved in england and wales last year , despite some opposition .  scotland gave green light to same-sex marriage last mont .
 holocaust museum shooting suspect opposes psych evaluation <sec> new : bail denied for accused holocaust memorial museum shooter .  during hearing , james von brunn says he does n't want a psychiatric evaluation .  u.s. district court judge orders an evaluation anyway , within 30 days .  von brunn is charged in the death of holocaust museum guard stephen john .
 california town calls in fbi to help investigate cross-burning <sec> police in arroyo grande , california , are investigating a cross-burning as a hate crime .  a 19-year-old biracial woman found an 11-foot cross burning outside her bedroom window .  the police chief defends his investigation from criticism by the victim 's family attorne .
 obama 's immigration policy a shell game <sec> last year , obama administration announced a relaxed policy on deporting illegal immigrants .  ruben navarrette says a recent report showed the change has affected only 2 % of cases .  he says administration gave impression more people would be allowed to stay .  navarrette : focus was supposed to be on deporting aliens who are involved in crim .
 opinion : obama , what happened to economic growth ? <sec> 300 companies pledged to aid obama initiative to help the long-term unemployed .  daniel mitchell : this is a nice gesture , but nearly 4 million americans need jobs .  he says economic growth is key and free-market polices are what we need .  mitchell : the unemployed should not get lured into long-term dependenc .
 metal band anvil finds unexpected success <sec> `` anvil ! .  the story of anvil '' is a documentary that has reawakened interest in band .  anvil 's steve `` lips '' kudlow and robb reiner have been dedicated to music .  band went through hell in movie , but never lost passion .  a real-life `` spinal tap '' ? .  fair , says reiner , but misleadin .
 uk advised libya on lockerbie bomber release , papers show <sec> new : the british foreign office has no immediate comment .  london believed scotland would free megrahi on compassionate grounds , a cable says .  he 's the only person convicted in the pan am 103 bombing that killed 270 peopl .
 10 best motorcycle roads in the u.s . <sec> coastal highway 1 in maine is dotted with over 60 lighthouses .  watch out for mountain goats and bighorn sheep on going to the sun road in montana .  salt air and slow speed get you onto island time on the florida keys ' overseas highwa .
 outlaw child abuse in schools <sec> reps. miller and mcmorris rodgers say kids sometimes restrained abusively in schools .  no federal laws prevent this , they say , and it happens disproportionately to special ed kids .  they say students , teachers , classmates are all harmed by abuse , with lasting effects .  miller , mcmorris rodgers : new law would train teachers , limit restraint , provide oversigh .
 report : apple investigating wi-fi issues with new ipad <sec> support forums indicate the new ipad 's wi-fi connectivity problem is very real .  the problem affects only the wi-fi version of the new ipad and not the 3g model .  apple is trying to `` capture '' and replace ipads that have problems with wi-fi connectivit .
 fbi : arrest made in n.c. kidnapping plot targeting prosecutor 's dad <sec> fbi : 2nd man arrested after $ 25,000 reward issued in two-state kidnapping plot .  jakym tibbs taken into custody at a residence in harrisburg , pennsylvania , fbi says .  tibbs ' marks 7th arrest in connection with april 5 kidnapping of frank janssen .  janssen 's daughter prosecuted man who concocted plot from prison , authorities sa .
 taliban with drug ties now in u.s. cross-hairs <sec> report : u.s. military pursuing 50 afghan drug traffickers tied to taliban .  new initiative strives to shut down big revenue source for insurgency .  report : `` the change is dramatic for a military that once ignored the drug trade , '' .  u.s. , nato forces now targeting insurgents tied to drug lords , report say .
 japan encourages voluntary evacuations near stricken nuclear plant <sec> new : two japanese hospitalized in china due to radiation are `` fine , '' a spokesman says .  high radiation is detected in ibaraki prefecture water ; water safe in tokyo , chiba .  radiation in seawater is 104 times above normal , a drop from the previous day .  an official says japan will provide shuttles for those within 20-to-30 km of the plan .
 suicide bomber 's actions 'out of character , ' says brother <sec> dec. 30 blast at a u.s. base in khost , in southeastern afghanistan , killed 7 cia operatives , one jordanian .  official : bomber was a jordanian doctor recruited as a counterterrorism intelligence source .  a former u.s. intelligence official identified the man earlier this week as humam khalil abu-mulal al-balawi .  former intelligence figure said u.s. , jordan believed they were using him to hunt ayman al-zawahiri , al qaeda 's no . .
 bigger than the army : south africa 's private security forces <sec> south africa has 400,000 private security guards , and nearly 9,000 security firms .  experts put the industry 's growth down to high crime rates and inefficient policing .  some claim that the industry is a threat to national securit .
 'smart ' streetlamps light up when you 're near <sec> tvilight is a streetlamp system that brightens in the presence of people , cars and bicycles .  new system could slash energy bills by 80 % in cities around the world .  europe spends $ 13 billion annually on fueling street lights .  artist : `` imagine ... you have this boulevard of interactive lights .
 what 1835 chile quake taught darwin <sec> saturday 's earthquake was similar to one that struck chile when darwin visited .  john van wyhe says darwin 's theories were shaped in part by the experience of the quake .  he says darwin observed that the quake elevated the chilean coastline .  it prompted him to ask how life changed to adapt to a changing world , van wyhe say .
 predatory snakes become prey in florida everglades <sec> florida everglades are perfect place for burmese pythons to live and breed .  huge snakes breed quickly and travel quickly .  one reptile expert patrols the area for snakes to captur .
 jolie jumps past oprah to nab top spot on forbes celebrity list <sec> angelina jolie 's fame factor is too much for oprah winfrey 's money-making machine .  forbes senior editor : `` jolie is , by far , the most famous celebrity on the planet '' .  forbes ' annual celebrity 100 list takes media moxie and income into account .  madonna , beyonce knowles and tiger woods round out the top fiv .
 rumors send thousands fleeing in india <sec> as many as 7,000 people have fled , an official said .  ethnic violence and rioting erupted in indian state of assam in july .  `` we will do everything to provide security , '' india 's prime minister say .
 economic turmoil has 'affected ' greece team at euro 2012 <sec> greece play germany in quarterfinals of euro 2012 in gdansk , friday .  both nations caught up in the turmoil of the eurozone debt crisis .  greece coach fernando santos wants his men to focus on football .  santos says what is happening in greece is a `` social crisis .
 bahrain police clear out protesters supporting jailed hunger striker <sec> nearly 60 bahrain activists turn out wednesday in downtown manama .  police push protesters out of the marketplace and use stun grenades .  abdulhadi al-khawaja is entering his 70th day on a hunger strike .  he was convicted last year of attempting to overthrow the royal famil .
 players want clippers owner donald sterling to leave nba family <sec> players hope donald sterling will have to give up los angeles clippers .  opposing nba coach calls for clippers fans to boycott playoff game tuesday .  nba commissioner will speak about investigation on tuesday .  state farm , airline virgin america cut ties to the l.a. clipper .
 sony pictures website hacked <sec> this is the second security breach at sony in just over a week .  hacker lulzsec announces they have compromised more than 1 million user accounts .  attacks underscore just how important it is for brands to keep their web servers update .
 rice 's rituals : the golden girl of australian swimming <sec> stephanie rice will defend her olympic swimming titles at london 2012 .  australian has returned to prominence following injury problems .  the 24-year-old is one of australia 's most popular olympic athletes .  she has courted controversy out of the pool with postings on twitte .
 rare tropical disease close to eradication <sec> guinea worm disease cases worldwide have dropped by 48 % in a year .  the world health organization set a target for eradication in 2015 .  only smallpox has been eradicated worldwide since 198 .
 amanda knox lawyers make final arguments <sec> new : a lawyer for knox says she `` is very afraid but her heart is full of hope '' .  another lawyer urges the jury to absolve knox as he wraps up his closing argument .  a verdict in the appeal will not come before monday , the judge says .  knox and sollecito were convicted in 2009 of killing briton meredith kerche .
 opinion : why you 'll hate the internet 'fast lane ' <sec> the fcc might allow internet service providers to charge more for a `` fast lane '' .  corynne mcsherry : high costs will go to customers ; internet competition will be stifled .  she says other advanced countries pay far less and get faster service than americans .  mcsherry : on may 15 , the public can weigh in on fcc 's decision and voice concern .
 farm in egg recall hit by salmonella before outbreak , lawmakers say <sec> congressmen demand answers from iowa farm 's owner .  reports find 426 cases of salmonella contamination in 2 years .  company has come under close scrutiny since summer outbrea .
 n.y. student suspended after controversial twitter hashtag <sec> student in new york creates hashtag over school budget .  pat brown says he is suspended for three days .  brown : school cites phone in class , harassment of principal .  school district will not discuss specific .
 bobby brown out of jail in hours <sec> bobby brown must wear a monitor for eight days instead of spending time in jail .  whitney houston 's ex has two dui convictions in the past year .  jail overcrowding means short stays behind bars in los angele .
 houston texans coach gary kubiak to remain in hospital after collapse <sec> new : star j.j. watt says he had n't noticed anything troubling in the runup to the game .  houston texans coach wo n't be out of the hospital monday , team says .  kubiak did not have a heart attack , his interim replacement says .  denver broncos coach undergoes successful heart surger .
 johnny cash boyhood home to open <sec> johnny cash boyhood home in dyess , arkansas , will open for public tours .  cash lived in dyess from the time he was 3 years old until he graduated from high school .  his time living in arkansas was an inspiration to his music , cash sai .
 do n't expect an obama-netanyahu blowup <sec> benjamin netanyahu is headed for third term as israel 's prime minister .  aaron miller : results of election mean he will likely ally with moderate faction .  he says that dynamic will reinforce need for close cooperation between obama , bibi .  miller : the two leaders may not like each other , but they need each other no .
 could touch display projected on mist replace physical screens ? <sec> displays made from mist and air are `` the next step in visual technology '' .  with displair , users need not wear special glasses .  screen responds 'intuitively ' to hand movement .
 worst u.s. cities for allergy sufferers <sec> jackson , mississippi , tops the list of the worst cities for allergy sufferers .  tennessee has three major cities in the list 's top 10 .  extreme weather conditions may make allergies worse this seaso .
 police : teen wanted for killing at seattle bar hosting seahawks , fans <sec> suspect is 19 , police say .  cnn affiliate king reports that several nfl players were in the bar at the time .  reality star tweets that she saw body on the floor and a lot of bloo .
 5 american service members killed in southern afghanistan <sec> new : al jazeera airs video of what it says is helicopter wreckage .  american service members die in an improvised explosive device attack .  coalition forces have killed 189 militants since july 23 .  the taliban disputes that numbe .
 autism rates up despite removal of mercury from vaccines <sec> removal of thimerosal from most vaccines has n't reduced the number of autism cases diagnosed in the state of california .
 skype iphone app adds video calling <sec> skype adds video-chat feature to its apple ios app .  iphone 4 and 3gs users can call over at & t 's 3g network .  users on the ipad or older ipod touch can receive video call .
