 britain 's best fish and chip shops <sec> 10 superb spots to sample a british culinary classic .  taste bud challenging side dishes include chips with gravy .  and the greatest fish and chip shop of all .
 u.n. report : let 's turn foul water from mass killer into global treasure <sec> u.n. report : polluted water kills about 2.2 million a year ; wars claim fewer victims per year .  report also says wastewater could become valued resource if treated .  upfront costs to build treatment plants would be expensive , report say .
 facebook cracking down on fake 'likes ' <sec> facebook pages losing `` likes '' as site cracks down on fakes .  last month , facebook announced `` site integrity '' upgrades .  fake likes can come from malware or user deception .  zynga poker , lady gaga , `` simpsons '' are among pages losing number .
 angola rabies outbreak kills 83 children <sec> a severe rabies epidemic has killed at least 83 children in 3 months in angola .  francois meslin , rabies expert at the who says this is cause for serious concern .  once symptoms develop , rabies is always fatal , according to the wh .
 despite house approval , health care reform faces tough battle <sec> house voted 220-215 late saturday to approve affordable health care for america act .  39 democrats opposed act , one republican voted for it .  measure now moves to senate , where support is less certain .  if both chambers pass a bill , committee will merge the two proposal .
 scottish fa demand apology from brazil over neymar racism claims <sec> scottish football association demand apology from their brazilian counterparts .  sfa are dismayed scottish fans were accused of racism during a friendly on sunday .  brazil striker neymar claimed he was booed because of his color .  scottish fans say he was jeered for his playactin .
 taliban fighters resist pakistani assault <sec> new : help from u.s. drones not desired , pakistani military says .  official : troops capture kotkai , home village of pakistani taliban 's leader .  about 28,000 pakistani soldiers move into epicenter of taliban activity .  pakistan says 60 `` terrorists , '' five troops killed in south waziristan assaul .
 nadal sets up federer semi showdown ; sharapova reaches final <sec> rafael nadal reaches semifinals in miami , beating 2010 runner-up tomas berdych .  world no . .  1 will face his old rival roger federer in last four for first time since 2005 .  two-time miami winner federer has easy progress as gilles simon retires injured .  maria sharapova will face 2009 champion victoria azarenka in women 's fina .
 drew barrymore whips it up with directorial debut <sec> drew barrymore makes her directorial debut with girl-powered `` whip it '' .  actress and producer barrymore says making the film was a dream come true .  ellen page of `` juno '' stars as a teen who joins a female roller derby team .  barrymore says she drew on `` all those lessons '' from her years in hollywoo .
 jessica chastain takes no . 1 , no . 2 with 'mama ' and 'zero dark thirty ' <sec> `` mama '' crushed the competition over the three-day weekend with $ 28.1 million .  `` zero dark thirty '' fell only 28 percent in its sophomore weekend of wide release .  `` silver linings playbook '' performed very nicely in its nationwide expansio .
 police : 38 kenyan officers killed in ambush involving cattle rustlers <sec> the officers were trying to recover stolen cattle , a security official says .  the turkana and samburu tribes have engaged in tit-for-tat cattle rustling operations .  it 's not unusual to see cattle herders armed with automatic rifles .  the security minster says the government is trying to reconcile the two communitie .
 fla. cop slain before teens ' apparent suicides left 'legacy of caring ' <sec> robert german , 31 , was one of 12 officers in windermere , florida , a town of 2,500 .  police say german was fatally shot by two teens who then apparently committed suicide .  dad described son as `` someone so loyal , fun , helpful , prankish , caring of others -- a hero '' .  chief : german injured in earlier incident with autistic boy but more concerned about bo .
 congress begins investigating salmonella outbreak , egg recalls <sec> new : house agriculture subcommittee chairwoman is also inquiring about the egg recall .  new : the two egg companies in question are expected to respond by september 7 .  the house energy and commerce committee has begun an inquiry into the egg recall .  the committee leaders sent letters to wright county eggs and hillandale farms of iow .
 bill clinton : health care battle not about race <sec> ex-president clinton says race not behind health care opposition .  but some extremists opposing president obama racially prejudiced , clinton says .  clinton : `` it was a wonderful feeling '' to help u.s. journalists in north kore .
 suicide bomber targets danish embassy in pakistan <sec> suicide car bomber targeted danish embassy in capital , islamabad .  differing accounts put death toll at between eight and six people .  medical worker says a child and at least one foreign national died in blast .  danish embassy scene of protests last year over muhammed cartoons ro .
 hey , baby boomer parents , back off ! <sec> sally koslow : boomers resist aging ; message to kids : you 've got plenty of time to grow up .  she says lots of kids face a terrible job market ; parents ca n't blunt that , should let kids deal .  she says you do your kid no favor by playing concierge in his life , allowing delay of adulthood .  koslow : parents need to step back for their adultescent kids to step forwar .
 human trafficking roundup nets 75 in spain , france <sec> smugglers charged up to $ 66,000 to bring migrants into europe and the u.s. , police say .  spanish police arrested two suspects they called the ringleaders and 49 others .  another 24 were arrested in france after a two-year prob .
 bruce jenner 's reality series : what we hope to see <sec> e ! .  plans to air a new jenner reality show this summer .  it will follow his transition from male to femal .
 indian surgeons find 12 gold bars in man 's stomach <sec> the 63-year-old man was hospitalized with severe stomach pain and nausea .  stunned doctors pulled out the yellow metal from his stomach .  india is the world 's second-largest gold market after chin .
 jon voight : bardem , cruz 'ignorant ' on israel <sec> jon voight writes he 's `` more than angry '' about javier bardem , penelope cruz .  voight wrote an opinion column for the hollywood reporter reacting to their letter .  bardem and cruz `` should hang your heads in shame , '' voight says .  â '' we detest anti-semitism , '' bardem says in a follow up to his israel-gaza lette .
 two security contractors charged in afghanistan killings <sec> christopher drotleff , justin cannon charged with murder , attempted murder .  charges relate to two shooting deaths in kabul , afghanistan , in may .  drotleff , cannon were security contractors for company formerly known as blackwater .  may 5 incident began with auto collision ; men say vehicle then aimed for the .
 police charge man over liberty bell threat <sec> arizona man charged in threat to blow up the liberty bell .  police say a bomb squad was called in but found that the bags did not contain explosives .  the bell is considered an iconic monument to american independenc .
 husband of jailed sudanese christian fears for family 's lives <sec> new : daniel wani fears for his family 's lives .  wani is appealing to u.s. officials to speed up the asylum process .  mariam yehya ibrahim has been sentenced to death by hanging for marrying a christian .  a sudanese court issued the sentence after she refused to renounce her christian fait .
 gop , break grover norquist 's grip on you <sec> grover norquist 's tax pledge calls for no more tax increases ever .  donna brazile : it 's seismic that some gop leaders are willing to defy his pledge .  she says norquist 's tax pledge has bound most elected republicans to him for 25 years .  brazile : norquist is the man most responsible for gop gridlock in washingto .
 transfer deadline day : has it all gone quiet ? <sec> february 2 is transfer deadline day in the english premier league .  clubs can not sign players after transfer window closes at 11pm gmt .  wilfried bony the most expensive signing of transfer window in ep .
 the toll of war now includes more amputees <sec> more troops surviving bad wounds thanks to battlefield medicine , body armor .  badly wounded vets find help via special organizations .  one group raises money to build special homes for triple , quadruple amputees .  expert : va needs staff , money to handle growing wounded populatio .
 roger federer talks lead to record $ 50 million u.s. open prize fund <sec> u.s. open announces a rise in tournament prize money to $ 50 million from 2017 .  tournament also hikes prize money for 2013 competition by a record $ 8.1 million .  men 's final to revert to sunday rather than monday as of 2015 .  flushing meadows also to be revamped as part of the five-year agreemen .
 commentary : u.s. needs a spy chief with experience <sec> frances townsend : leon panetta has had a fine career in government .  she says his lack of intelligence experience is raising questions .  townsend : cia crucial to u.s. security and needs leader who will back staff up .  she says cia director is too important for on-the-job trainin .
 record fines : 'new normal ' for banking business ? <sec> hsbc to pay record $ 1.92 billion to u.s. authorities to settle money laundering accusations .  `` we accept responsibility for our past mistakes , '' says hsbc group ceo stuart gulliver .  standard chartered agreed to pay $ 327 million to settle u.s. treasury department charges .  at least 21 global banks have paid millions in fines since 2009 for a variety of charge .
 illness ends kvitova 's wta title defense ; sharapova , serena in semis <sec> defending champion petra kvitova withdraws from wta championships with illness .  world no . .  9 samantha stosur replaces the czech in the istanbul event .  serena williams wins second match in as many days as she beats li na of china .  american in semifinals along with maria sharapova , who wins her second matc .
 kosuke kitajima : the 'frog king ' who spawned a golden legacy <sec> olympic history-maker kosuke kitajima inspires new generation of swimmers .  kitajima won 100m/200m breaststroke titles at back-to-back olympics .  japanese swimmer rose to worldwide prominence at athens in 2004 .  the 32-year-old from tokyo not ruling out competing at rio games in 201 .
 former cnn anchor miles o'brien has arm amputated after accident <sec> tv gear case fell on journalist miles o'brien 's arm .  he said doctor said he may have `` compartment syndrome '' .  early diagnosis and treatment are important in condition .  doctor made the call to amputate during surger .
 u.s. navy was secretly prepared to seize iranian weapons <sec> there were secret orders to be `` prepared '' to stop a cargo ship loaded with arms .  the u.s. and israel noticed the ship in the persian gulf diverted to iraq to load up .  israel wound up intercepting the ship and its cargo , identified as rockets and missile .
 severe weather in illinois leaves 1 injured , damages some 70 homes <sec> the person suffered a minor laceration .  no trailers overturned , but roofs were damaged .  a tornado watch is in effect for parts of kansas and nebrask .
 6 men convicted of raping swiss tourist in india <sec> india is grappling with how to better protect women and girls from sexual assault .  the victim and her husband were on a cycling tour across india .  the court sentenced the men to life in prison .  they were members of a local tribe near where the travelers were campin .
 brazil too good for england in doha <sec> brazil beat england 1-0 in friendly international in doha on saturday .  villarreal striker nilmar scores only goal of the match in 46th minute .  xabi alonso scores twice as spain beat argentina 2-1 in madrid .  netherlands and italy play to goalless draw in pescar .
 what can steer us to driving electric ? <sec> new electric vehicle , mycar , developed in hong kong , but wo n't be sold there .  lack of government and market interest means mycar will be sold in europe .  large capacity for electric power , especially in public transpor .
 tweets and apps give tv the x factor <sec> social media and tv are becoming closer entwined .  x factor allows tv audience to vote , boo or cheer contestants via twitter .  around 80 % of tv viewers watch shows with a `` second screen .
 veterans dying because of health care delays <sec> cnn has learned 19 veterans died because of delays in basic screenings .  the delays occurred at va hospitals and clinics .  it took a year for veteran barry coates to get a colonoscopy .  he is now undergoing chemotherapy for rectal cance .
 russia bombings raise questions about sochi olympics security <sec> u.s. legislator says spectators will face tight olympics security .  russia 's foreign ministry vowed a continued `` tough '' offensive against terrorism .  two terrorist bombings hit volgograd , killing more than 30 people .  the attacks raised concerns about security at the olympics in februar .
 the good , the bad and the marketable <sec> major sponsors have distanced themselves from tiger woods after his recent scandal .  expert says tiger 's `` transgressions '' will impact on sponsorship but may open up new avenues .  golfers such as john daly and nick faldo have bounced back from pr nightmare .
 armstrong report vindicates those who raised doping alert <sec> the handful of people who spoke out over doping say they were vilified by armstrong .  a texas insurance company wants up to $ 12 million back .  team masseuse o'reilly went through `` two-and-a-half to three years of hell '' after speaking out .  sports journalist david walsh pays tribute to those who `` could n't be bullied into silence .
 twitter anarchist raided under 'riot ' laws <sec> elliott madison 's home is raided by the fbi on october 1 .  authorities purportedly look for evidence madison started a riot on twitter .  madison challenges the search , saying his rights were violated .  the social worker also says his clients ' computer data was compromise .
 families of killed rig workers react to bp settlement <sec> arleen weise 's son , adam , was one of 11 rig workers killed in the 2010 disaster .  billy anderson lost his son , jason , aboard the deepwater horizon .  millions of barrels of oil flowed from the bp well and into the gulf region .  the london-based oil giant has expressed its regret .
 killer hornets sting at least 19 people to death in china <sec> at least 19 people have been stung to death by hornets in southern china .  more than 580 people have been stung in china 's southern shaanxi province .  the asian killer hornet , vespa mandarinia , is world 's largest hornet and may be involved .  regional hot , dry weather and smell of people may be factors in increased hornet activit .
 emotional toll too much for djokovic <sec> devastated novak djokovic pulls out of hometown serbia open after grandfather 's death .  reigning champ admits he is too emotionally drained to compete in family-run event .  serbia open `` most cherished '' title after launch by djokovic family in 2009 .  emerges fresh from brutal defeat to rafael nadal at monte carlo masters last wee .
 gadhafi faces investigation for crimes against humanity <sec> prosecutor to probe allegations of killing protesters , illegal detention , airstrikes on civilians .  if troops commit crimes , moammar gadhafi could be held responsible , prosecutor says .  anti-gadhafi forces also could be investigated , he warns .  it 's the first time the international criminal court has probed an ongoing even .
 some va bonuses canceled due to claims backlog <sec> executives wo n't get performance bonuses because of claims backlog .  funds will go back into eliminating backlog , va spokesman said .  lawmakers have become increasingly critical of va 's backlo .
 drug that treats breast cancer found to prevent it , too <sec> study shows aromasin has fewer side effects than rivals .  women at high risk for breast cancer could take drug before they get it .  risk reduced by 65 % , study show .
 def con trains 8-year-olds in hacking <sec> def con is the world 's largest gathering of computer hackers .  this year , the conference held classes for kids age 8 to 16 .  def con kids aims to teach kids to be more secure onlin .
 florida judge allows foreign-born player , team to compete in playoffs <sec> new : high school basketball player from bahamas can play , judge says .  statewide athletic board says brian delancy , a native bahamian , is ineligible .  it argues school did not provide proper paperwork on his legal status .  attorney for star says he met requirements and is being singled ou .
 lauryn hill defends nicki minaj 's summer jam no-show <sec> nicki minaj was told not to perform at summer jam by ymcmb label chief lil wayne .  lauryn hill performed with nas and took the stage in her absence .  `` i do support artists standing by their beliefs , and walking with integrity , '' hill said on twitte .
 lance armstrong 's doping drugs <sec> lance armstrong admits to using epo , blood transfusions and testosterone .  epo and blood transfusions increase red blood cell count to raise oxygen levels .  armstrong is also accused of using cortiocosteroids to decrease inflammatio .
 cepheus , a poker-playing computer program , ca n't lose <sec> cepheus has already played millions of hands of hold 'em poker .  it learned from its mistakes and now can beat any human .  scientists say it 's a breakthrough in artificial intelligence that might have applications in other area .
 sri lankan president says civil war in 'final phase ' <sec> sri lanka president says end of current military push less than 48 hours away .  u.n. estimates more than 50,000 civilians trapped in area under siege .  red cross : `` staff are witnessing an unimaginable humanitarian catastrophe '' .  tamil tigers have fought for an independent state in sri lanka since 198 .
 obama continues efforts against 'madman ' kony <sec> advisers working `` to bring this madman to justice , '' obama says .  regional strategy aimed at ending `` scourge '' of lord 's resistance army , he says .  kony gained widespread notoriety after a 30-minute video about him went vira .
 how to avoid baggage fees : wear your luggage <sec> `` only fools pay for extra luggage , '' say the makers of jaktogo .  company offers a series of designs that allow travelers to `` wear '' their luggage .  jaktogo prices range from us $ 90-319 , depending on style and material .
 japanese prime minister accuses chinese navy ship of 'dangerous ' act <sec> china rejects complaints about its navy patrols by japan .  japan had accused china of using radar to track a japanese ship and helicopter .  taiwan , china and japan are disputing a group of islands .  china says it is patrolling its waters near the island .
 feds : ny man active in immigration reform held on child porn charge <sec> roy naim was mentioned in a time magazine article on immigration reform .  he worked with immigration advocacy groups in new york .  prosecutors say he was arrested based on an electronic trail from an alleged child-porn producer .  naim pleaded not guilty to a federal charge of receiving child pornograph .
 the machine creating water out of thin air <sec> element four has developed a machine that creates clean water out of air .  growth of water use has been outpacing the rate of population increase .  shortages of clean water pose health challenges in the developing world .  zimbabwe 's water crisis has unleashed a devastating cholera epidemi .
 hundreds of u.s. counties labeled disaster areas due to drought <sec> new : `` this is the worst drought i 've ever seen , '' says 62-year-old missouri farmer .  the designations make farmers eligible for low-interest loans .  help kicks in automatically after eight consecutive weeks of severe drought .  597 counties in 14 states are designated primary natural disaster area .
 fbi : thousands of puerto ricans victims of id theft <sec> grand jury indicts eight people on charges of identity theft , social security fraud .  ring sold stolen documents to illegal immigrants on u.s. mainland , fbi says .  as many as 12,000 puerto ricans , including schoolchildren , reportedly affected .  official : probe began after string of school burglaries in puerto rico in 200 .
 cnn student news - november 25 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 online matchmaker fights poverty by funding businesses <sec> tim vang co-founded myc4 , a platform helping african entrepreneurs find money .  it works to improve access to credit for small and medium-sized businesses .  the web-based marketplace says it has helped more than 6,000 businesse .
