 8 of brazil 's best beaches <sec> with 4,650 miles of mostly tropical coastline , brazil has seemingly endless balmy shores .  northeast states of maranao and rio grande do norte are noted for gorgeous turquoise waters .  with almost 700 miles of coastline , state of bahia is loaded with spectacular beaches .  porto de galinhas in pernambuco is an annual `` brazil 's best beach '' contende .
 mike tyson : from ring to redemption <sec> mike tyson is a guest on `` unguarded '' with rachel nichols tonight at 10:30 p.m . .  et on cnn .  tyson discusses his boxing career , life-affirming changes , pet tigers , and much more .  tyson recently commercial where he `` returned '' evander holyfield 's ear .  the former heavyweight champion also took to the broadway stage in a one-man sho .
 cnn 's shirley robertson climbs tallest mast <sec> cnn 's mainsail host shirley robertson is a double olympic gold medalist .  robertson has never climbed a big mast before this .  she takes on the 250 foot mast aboard the 56-meter yacht salut .
 phaedra parks , apollo nida to split up <sec> `` real housewives '' star phaedra parks intends to end her marriage .  her husband , apollo nida , was sentenced to eight years in prison in july .  the couple have two sons togethe .
 can studying football coaches improve your management skills ? <sec> football managers can offer valuable insight into leadership , says author mike carson .  sir alex ferguson , jose mourinho and arsene wenger all exhibit powerful leadership traits , carson states .  ex-player ramon vega believes communication skills gleaned in the football world can be transferred to busines .
 boxer mayweather 's undefeated record on line in bout with cotto <sec> floyd mayweather jr. and miguel cotto face off in the ring in las vegas .  the undefeated mayweather is the favorite , though cotto says he 's confident .  mayweather will go to prison on a domestic violence conviction weeks after the figh .
 video purportedly shows iranian police running over person at protest <sec> video 's posters say it shows iranian police driving into crowds of demonstrators .  truck drives over person in video , which posters say was recorded sunday .  seven people were killed in anti-government protests in iran sunday , authorities sa .
 judge blocks parts of texas abortion law <sec> new : the case would head next to the 5th circuit court of appeals in new orleans .  u.s. district judge lee yeakel strikes down the law 's admitting privileges requirement .  he delivers a somewhat mixed verdict on medication-induced abortions .  `` today 's decision will not stop our ongoing efforts to protect life , '' says gov . .  perr .
 obama 's ex-pastor speaks out about church , sermons <sec> the rev . .  jeremiah wright seeks to explain theology of black church .  wright says criticisms come from those who have not heard his whole sermons .  new : obama : `` folks in my past like rev . .  wright '' may cause some voters concer .
 seth rogen , evan goldberg tackle 'preacher ' at amc <sec> amc has put a tv version of the comic series `` preacher '' into development .  `` breaking bad 's '' sam catlin will serve as showrunner .  seth rogen and evan goldberg will executive produce and write the pilo .
 three police officers killed in oakland shootings <sec> three oakland , california , police officers fatally shot in pair of related incidents .  shootings occurred in two different locations in oakland neighborhood .  suspect died in exchange of gunfire with police , police say .  flags to fly at half-staff at capitol , gov . .  arnold schwarzenegger say .
 afghanistan vet finds a new way to serve <sec> ricardo benejam was born and raised in new york city and saw the twin towers fall .  benejam enlisted in the army and was deployed to afghanistan in 2007 and 2009 .  he now works at the 9/11 memorial as a visitor services host .  benejam : it 's like you 're continuing to serve because you 're telling the stor .
 original apple contract may sell at auction for $ 150k <sec> original 1976 apple contract is going up for auction on december 13 .  sotheby 's new york is auctioning off three original apple documents .  the founding agreement is signed by steve jobs , steve wozniak and ron wayne .  the auction house expects the docs to fetch at least $ 100,00 .
 ai : why we should be a little worried ( opinion ) <sec> greg scoblete : 2014 is the year notable concerns were raised about ai .  sufficiently advanced intelligence is a creative force , not a tool , he says .  scoblete : more powerful it is , the more it can reshape the world around i .
 $ 1 billion in marijuana seized in california <sec> the u.s. drug czar says it is a high-intensity drug trafficking area .  suspects have links to mexican drug cartels , authorities says .  at least 330,000 marijuana plants have been seized .  operation is expected to continue into novembe .
 gm recalling 1.5 million cars over fire fears <sec> recall involves certain chevrolet , buick , oldsmobile and pontiac sedans .  problem involves potential for oil to leak on the exhaust manifold , then igniting .  general motors to send details to owners next mont .
 cops id people behind vile ice bucket prank on teen <sec> police are not yet releasing the names of those involved .  someone dumped urine and feces from a rooftop onto an autistic teen 's head .  mother : he did n't know what the contents were until afterward .  cleveland native drew carey first offered $ 10,000 to find those responsibl .
 five top air travel apps <sec> smartphone air travel apps have been designed with all phases of your trip in mind .  kayak 's app supplies travel options sorted by price , time or airline .  gateguru 's app helps travelers on a layover find whatever they need in airport directories .  flighttrack pro pulls vital info like gate changes and weather reports for 1,400 airline .
 george lopez enters the talk show wars <sec> george lopez beginning late-night talk show in november .  comedian believes it 's time for more diversity in late-night concept .  lopez was star of `` george lopez show , '' active in barack obama 's campaign .  he says he 's not using a sidekick , but will look more toward audience interactio .
 nighttime is the right time for adventures <sec> night events are scheduled in national parks and wildlife refuges through december .  alligator river national wildlife refuge is home to endangered red wolves .  scorpions glow under ultraviolet light because of proteins in their exoskeletons .  colonies of bats exit the carlsbad caverns caves together every evening to hun .
 4 killed in attack on car carrying school exam papers , kenya police say <sec> the car was carrying government officials with school examination papers .  it is not clear who was behind the attack .  kenya was rocked by grenade attacks in the capital earlier this wee .
 working moms , do n't try to be perfect at home <sec> courtney martin : `` lean in '' at work , but learn to `` lean out '' in other areas of life .  martin : we need to stop trying to be perfect at home life , motherhood .  let go and let others take care of birthday parties , doctor visits sometimes , she says .  martin : stop being guilty , accept when we ca n't live up to expectations of perfectio .
 opinion : world baffled by america 's self-inflicted wound <sec> america 's enemies may rejoice , but the rest of the world is mystified , writes frida ghitis .  how can the most powerful country get tangled in a web of its own making ? .  she says it discourages the champions of democracy around the world , encourages dictators .  ghitis : u.s. leaders wasting time on shutdown , rather than focusing on long-term strateg .
 digital-music buyer , do n't be a fool <sec> services that limit when and how you play digital music are ripping off consumers .  digital rights management , or drm , means you do n't really own the music you buy .  pirillo : it 's hard to buy a song when i 'm told i can only play it x times , on x devices .  pirillo : i prefer subscription music services like rhapsody or xm satellite radi .
 turkey to syria : do n't send arms through our air space <sec> new : turkey 's pm says his country is 'determined to stem the flow of arms ' into syria .  syria says turkey is lying about military cargo on the commercial airliner .  the u.s. defense chief says 150 troops are in jordan ; jordan denies a u.s. presence .  210 people across syria have been killed thursday , according to rebel .
 how to limit alzheimer 's wandering <sec> november is national alzheimer 's disease awareness month .  about 60 % of the nation 's 5 million alzheimer 's patients will wander .  wandering can happen at any time , but it 's more likely in certain situation .
 obama makes final case on capitol hill ; democrats ditch 'deem and pass ' <sec> president obama visits capitol hill for final pitch on health care overhaul .  democratic leaders abandon plan to avoid a direct vote on the senate health care bill .  house of representatives set to vote sunday on health care reform .  democrats need 216 votes to pass the bil .
 autism teacher celebrates every gain <sec> the marcus autism center 's goal : teach skills so kids can move into community .  students at marcus center are grouped not by age , but by level of function .  classes are small , with certified special education teacher plus several assistants .  some children arrive with no `` readiness '' skills , like talking or putting on shoe .
 twitter posts land 2 saudi men in prison <sec> one man sentenced to a decade in prison for posting pro-protest messages to twitter .  a second man got eight years , convicted of insulting saudi arabia 's king via twitter .  critics say it 's all part of the kingdom 's efforts to quash dissen .
 charges laid over illegal sale of human kidneys in china <sec> sixteen people allegedly helped sell 51 human kidneys worth $ 1.6 million .  the ring allegedly helped scores of customers find organs by targeting poor men .  one analyst believes the shortage of donated organs in china is the main motiv .
 udall blasts obama , cia on torture <sec> sen. mark udall accused the cia of `` lying '' about the effectiveness of torture on the senate floor .  his comments come the day after a senate panel released a report on cia interrogation techniques .  udall called for the resignation of cia director john brenna .
 stallone announces final 'rambo ' <sec> sylvester stallone announces final episode of `` rambo '' series .  the fifth film will be called `` rambo : last blood .
 iraq reconstruction history details waste , failures <sec> new report cites failures in massive iraq reconstruction initiative .  shortcomings largely caused by waste and poor pre-war planning , report says .  report says violence in country posed huge barrier to reconstruction projects .  u.s.-led `` surge '' helped usher in more successful era , report say .
 'good times ' actor ben powers dies at 64 <sec> ben powers joined the cast of `` good times '' for its sixth and final season .  he played thelma 's husband keith anderso .
 sources : deputy speaker of british parliament questioned in rape case <sec> new : the allegations involve two men in their 20s , the police say .  nigel evans was arrested on saturday , a source says .  lancashire police have not confirmed the identify of the man they arrested .  evans was elected deputy speaker of the house of commons in 201 .
 steve jobs movie premieres to mixed reviews <sec> steve jobs biopic premieres friday night at the sundance film festival to mixed reviews .  `` jobs '' focuses on jobs ' celebrated role in pioneering the personal computer .  the film stars ashton kutcher in the lead role and opens april 19 .  critic : `` filmmakers have no interest in showing their subject being wrong about his work .
 border patrol bears increased criticism over death <sec> new : state department pledges transparent investigation .  amnesty international condemns shooting of 15-year-old boy by border patrol agent .  mexican government has called for a quick investigation .  boy 's mother says her son was not going to cross border .  victim was picking up money for school supplie .
 students and h1n1 mingle on campus <sec> 13,434 cases of flu have been reported to american college health association .  two student deaths have been reported this year related to the flu .  students say campus life is normal except for hand sanitizers everywher .
 no alert for u.s. troops in korea , pentagon says <sec> state dept . .  spokesman : u.s. has `` range of tools available '' to respond .  u.s. in close consultation with south koreans , officials say .  u.s. troops `` on their normal state of readiness , '' joint chiefs chairman says .  treaty says u.s. must help south korea in case of wa .
 cnn student news transcript - april 19 , 2013 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 build an internet for everyone , everywhere ( opinion ) <sec> prospect of worldwide , always-on and high-speed ( or close to it ) internet could become a reality .  success requires the right mix of strategic investment , political will , and laws that make creative approache .
 barry manilow : audiences connect with a guy who 's telling the truth <sec> barry manilow got his start as bette midler 's musical conductor and arranger .  he also wrote commercial jingles early in his career , most notably state farm and band-aid .  manilow on first $ 1 million check : `` i used it as a bookmark '' .  manilow : `` i 'm a private man , and i 'm a gentleman . .  and i 'm proud of it . .
 health care debate wo n't end with bill 's passage , experts say <sec> partisan vote a sign of `` unhealthy quality of our politics , '' david gergen says .  ideological polarization , `` team play , '' contributing to partisan rancor , expert says .  leaders may circumvent the normal conference committee process .  white house knowingly sacrificing some democrats to get the bill passed , analyst say .
 style in the sky : how cabin crew went couture <sec> al nippon airways , virgin atlantic and qantas airways are just a few carriers who 've recently tapped fashion designers to overhaul their uniforms . .  martin grant , who designed the new staff outfits for qantas , says he 's trying to bring `` old world glamor '' back to flight . .  air france , whose uniforms are designed by christian lacroix , says many designers do n't like working with airlines .
 police dog finds -- then fires -- ditched handgun <sec> a massachusetts sheriff 's search dog finds and fires a gun .  `` everyone on the scene was startled , including ivan , '' police chief says .  three men are now charged with firearms violations , police chief say .
 how to escape a time loop <sec> charles yu 's trip to comic-con has science-fiction fans buzzing about his new book .  yu uses the convention of a time machine to get at psychological issues .  yu 's character decides to shoot his future self in order to escape a time loo .
 u.s. slaps new sanctions on iran <sec> u.s. puts sanctions on iran 's revolutionary guard , banks , individuals .  revolutionary guard accused of supporting nuclear proliferation .  guard 's quds force said by u.s. to support terrorism .  sanctions mean financial assets of revolutionary guard , others , are froze .
 injured henin ruled out of u.s. open and battle of belgians <sec> justine henin out of u.s. open and 'battle of belgians ' with elbow injury .  henin picked up the injury during her wimbledon defeat to kim clijsters .  henin hopes to return to the wta tour later in the yea .
 police find mummified corpses in historian 's apartment <sec> the man had dressed the corpses in clothing , police say .  the grave-robbing incidents began in and around nizhny novgorod two years ago .  the corpses were women between the ages of 15-25 , police sa .
 gordon wins stage as peterhansel extends lead in dakar rally <sec> stephane peterhansel extends lead in dakar rally cars section in his bmw .  frenchman is more than seven minutes ahead of second-placed carlos sainz .  american driver robby gordon wins the fourth stage to be eighth overall .  in the bikes , frenchman cyril depres leads by almost nine minutes after placing thir .
 5 french troops , afghan civilian slain in attack <sec> new : 69 french service members have died in afghanistan .  new : five french soldiers , 1 afghan civilian are killed .  this comes a day after sarkozy 's visit .  other troops and civilians were injured .  the soldiers were protecting a shura when the attack occurre .
 jeremy 'lin-demand ' in china <sec> in china , sports fans and commentators claiming lin , an american born to taiwan immigrants .  with yao ming in retirement , millions of basketball fans in china seeking a new role model .  for decades , chinese basketball has been geared to finding super tall chinese players .  many admire lin , a harvard graduate , for striking a balance between education and sport .
 explosion at north carolina chemical plant forces evacuations <sec> about 750 people were forced out of their homes .  no injuries were reported .  the explosion at chemical coatings inc. ignited a fire .  the blaze was under control , but still burning saturday evenin .
 gun owners fear new legislation could tread on their rights <sec> new : the nra calls for armed guards at schools .  gun owners have walked a careful line in the wake of the connecticut shootings .  gun sales are up across the country in anticipation of possible gun-control legislation .  some gun owners part with the nra on policies , calling its recent announcement `` garbage .
 explosions reported in aden ahead of yemen presidential vote <sec> explosions are reported in four neighborhoods in aden .  no injuries have been reported , security officials told cnn .  only yemen 's vice president is on the ballot in tuesday 's vot .
 pakistani taliban threaten to target india after execution of mumbai attacker <sec> mohammed ajmal kasab was hanged wednesday in india for his role in the attacks .  the pakistani taliban say they will conduct various attacks against india in revenge .  they also say they are demanding his body be returned to pakistan .  indian authorities say they have already requested extra security for diplomat .
 lifetime pulls balloon boy 's 'wife swap ' episode from schedule <sec> lifetime had scheduled a heene `` wife swap '' episode for october 29 .  it was scheduled long before the balloon boy incident , a spokesperson says .  now that hoax allegations have surfaced , network removes the episod .
 catch him if you can ! tanzania 's forgotten record-breaking runner <sec> filbert bayi is a middle distance athlete from tanzania .  he set a world record for the men 's 1500m at the 1974 commonwealth games .  today he is helping mold his nation 's next generation by establishing education facilities .  he says : `` i would love to see one of my students to be president of this country .
 fa charge terry despite former england captain being cleared of racial abuse <sec> english fa charge john terry over his clash with anton ferdinand .  court cleared terry last month of racial abuse in the incident .  fa says it has taken independent legal advice .  terry will appeal the charge and asks for personal hearin .
 blair 's resignation follows rocky ride as dni <sec> dennis blair 's resignation as director of national intelligence effective may 28 .  blair was n't expected to resign for another month , senior intelligence officials say .  president asked cia chief and national security adviser to go on pakistan trip , not blair .  cnn national security contributor : no `` real chemistry '' between blair , president obam .
 rupert murdoch : the last press baron <sec> rupert murdoch took charge of his first newspaper in australia at the age of 22 .  he spent the next 50 years expanding into tv , press , internet , sport , and movies .  forbes estimates the 83-year-old media mogul and his family 's wealth at $ 14.5 billio .
 to save syria , work with russia and iran <sec> bali and rana : to save syria , bring russia and iran to the international diplomatic table .  removing al-assad will be more costly in the long run than most analysts suppose , they say .  to defeat the regime , u.s. and its allies would have to heavily increase destruction , they say .  the current international approach seems likely to repeat u.s. 's mistakes in iraq , they sa .
 bowe bergdahl to be questioned soon about capture <sec> bergdahl and maj. gen. kenneth dahl have met once before , briefly .  many have called for investigation into bergdahl 's disappearance , captivity .  bergdahl , 28 , is back on regular duty in texa .
 seattle vs. portland : seattle 'like floating through a dream ' <sec> as part of our destination usa series , we pit rival cities and let you vote on which is best .  it 's the battle of the pacific northwest : seattle vs. portland .  cnn 's ashley preskar says seattle is the most beautiful city in america .  show us why you think seattle or portland is better on cnn irepor .
