 spirit of the dead alive and well in haiti <sec> stories of zombies in haiti have inspired films , shaped concept of the zombie .  wade davis has studied haitian zombies , procured poisons said to create them .  vbs meets davis , travels to haiti to conduct its own investigation of phenomeno .
 zimbabwe introduces $ 50 billion note <sec> zimbabwe grappling with hyperinflation estimated at 231 million percent .  as of friday , one u.s. dollar was trading at around zw $ 25 billion .  the country slashed 10 zeros from the amount of its worthless currency in august .  rbz has allowed most goods and services to be charged in foreign currenc .
 dalai lama denied visa for south africa peace conference <sec> spokesman : `` not in south africa 's interest for him ( dalai lama ) to attend '' .  south africa says it is worried focus will switch away from 2010 world cup .  it added south africa has gained much from its trading relationship with china .  fellow laureate desmond tutu said he would boycott the conferenc .
 5 surprising facts about o.j . simpson 's slow-speed chase <sec> o.j . .  simpson car chase took place nearly 20 years ago , on june 17 , 1994 .  the chase happened hours after o.j . .  simpson was charged with double murder .  the chase and subsequent `` not guilty '' verdict are among the most memorable tv moment .
 south africa topple england from no . 1 test ranking <sec> south africa end england 's one-year reign as cricket 's top-ranked test team .  vernon philander takes five wickets for 30 runs as england batsmen struggle at lord 's .  england went into match without kevin pietesen , who was axed over texting controversy .  proteas will next travel to australia in november for a three-test serie .
 afghan wedding attack was carried out by suicide bomber <sec> new : taliban denies responsibility .  bomber had on suicide vest , says interior ministry .  explosion killed 40 , wounded 74 .  isaf : attacks shows taliban 's 'sickening ' tactic .
 japan dumps thousands of tons of radioactive water into sea <sec> new : experts say the release will not likely cause lasting environmental harm .  water from a treatment facility and around four reactors is being dumped .  the official calls the step `` unavoidable , '' saying it 's needed to ensure safety .  basement water threatens the `` stability '' of the cooling systems of nos . .  5 and 6 unit .
 protests loom in iran as holy day nears <sec> iran may find it difficult to put a lid on the marking of ashura this year .  it falls one week to the day after the death of grand ayatollah hussein ali montazeri .  montazeri , a key figure from the 1979 revolution , was an opponent of the current regime .  ashura marks the martyrdom of imam hussein , grandson of mohamme .
 kenneth bae 's mother leaves n. korea 'more anxious ' to bring son home <sec> myunghee bae said she was able to visit her son three times .  bae has been sentenced to 15 years in north korean labor camp .  his mother says she was alarmed by her son 's appearance in a july prison intervie .
 ex-white house chef cooks up economy-friendly fare <sec> former white house chef opens restaurant to serve `` comfort food '' .  menu designed to take the `` sticker shock '' out of dining .  former president was fan of salsa , tuna sandwiches , warm cookies and milk .  owners say prices lower due to local ingredients , minimal staf .
 preliminary autopsy on missing energy exec suggests drowning <sec> body of douglas schantz , 54 , was found tuesday .  body found four days after schantz disappeared .  schantz was president of houston , texas-based sequent energy managemen .
 tunisia and dr congo draw to reach afcon quarter-finals <sec> tunisia and dr congo draw 1-1 to both reach the last eight of the africa cup of nations .  dr congo sub jeremy bokila cancels out earlier strike by tunisia 's ahmed akaichi .  zambia and cape verde miss out on knock-out stages after goalless draw in downpou .
 hundreds feared dead in mediterranean shipwreck <sec> a survivor tells authorities that migrants were trapped behind locked doors .  rescuers say they have found scores of bodies in the waters off liby .
 charlie sheen gives uso 1 % of sitcom <sec> the uso get 's 1 % of `` anger management '' profits .  there will be no cap on how much the donation will add up to , the uso says .  the uso provides u.s. military personnel with `` morale , welfare and recreation-type services .
 mac 's buckingham , nicks still have tension , love <sec> fleetwood mac back on tour this year .  group 's stevie nicks and lindsey buckingham say it 's not a `` comeback '' .  sheryl crow was considered as fill-in , but decided against it .  long career of mac has been `` convoluted road , '' says buckingha .
 tyler posey from 'maid in manhattan ' grows up <sec> tyler posey reunites with jennifer lopez .  the pair starred in 2002 film `` maid in manhattan '' .  posey dances for lopez at the teen choice award .
 the injustice in marissa alexander 's case ( opinion ) <sec> minimal mandatory sentencing laws demand harsh punishment regardless of the facts of a case .  mark o'mara : the case of marissa alexander shows the need for the laws to be more reasonabl .
 indonesian migrant worker tells of abuse as thousands protest in hk <sec> indonesian migrant worker riyanti helped abused compatriot erwiana at airport .  in pain and with blackened skin , erwiana said her condition was due to a skin allergy .  erwiana 's case is at the center of an investigation and protests by thousands of people .  a rights group want a law that requires migrant workers to live with their employers to be scrappe .
 workers see some success at nuclear plant as cooling efforts continue <sec> new : crews resume spraying the damaged plant with water , kyodo news reports .  japan bans the sale of raw milk and restricts vegetable sales from fukushima prefecture .  the power company says electricity is being supplied to reactor no . .
 wisconsin community drained of lake , commerce <sec> lake delton went away as businesses were getting ready for busy tourist season .  `` my gross income will be reduced by about 75 percent , '' one business owner says .  many businesses at the lake are already seeing canceled reservations .  some owners not on lakefront try to gauge how drained lake will affect the .
 best u.s. chefs and restaurants 2014 <sec> james beard restaurant and chef awards announced on monday .  the awards are referred to as the oscars of the u.s. culinary world .  a new orleans seafood grill won best new restaurant awar .
 oklahoma quakes top tremors in california <sec> so far this year , there have been more quakes in oklahoma than california .  experts : wastewater wells appear linked to many quakes .  scientists worried about a major earthquake .
 are victims falling through america 's hate crime data gap ? <sec> mississippi sheriff 's office says hit-and-run-death was n't a hate crime .  critics say u.s. hate crimes are severely underreported .  fbi and bureau of justice stats show wide gap in reported hate crime .
 quest : no danger american airlines will stop flying <sec> american airlines files for bankruptcy ; says it will operate normal flight schedules .  cnn airline and aviation correspondent : move is intended to bring down costs .  quest : i think many travelers are used to this .  quest : american 's employees can expect to see significant changes in their benefit .
 hot-car death : a strong case ( opinion ) <sec> justin harris was charged in eight-count indictment in hot car death case .  cevallos : the counts are structured to maximize the chance of a conviction .  cevallos : in georgia , even an unintentional act can be grounds for murder conviction .  he says sexting charges will be easiest to prove and could influence entire cas .
 georgia man 's death sentence changed to life in prison <sec> new : attorney says inmate was shocked , relieved , somber .  new : victim 's family too devastated to address parole board .  samuel david crowe 's death sentence was changed to life in prison thursday .  crowe admitted killing a store clerk in 1988 in georgi .
 morrison battles crohn 's disease to lead in france <sec> james morrison of england leads french open after two rounds of 66 .  morrison was hospitalized with crohn 's disease earlier in the week .  richard green of australia trails by one shot at halfway .  martin kaymer of germany eight shots back after two-under 6 .
 chelsea dent liverpool 's epl title charge <sec> chelsea win 2-0 at liverpool in crunch epl title match .  demba ba and willian goals in either half .  sunderland thrash cardiff 4-0 in relegation tussle .  man city beat crystal palace 2-0 in late gam .
 s & p downgrades u.s. credit rating <sec> new : u.s. credit rating is downgraded to aa+ .  g7 finance ministers may meet `` in a few days , '' berlusconi says .  obama talks with german , french leader .
 forward russia : grand sochi project highlights putin ambition <sec> russia will host the winter olympics for the first time next february .  it will spend more than $ 50 billion on the most expensive games in history .  test events have been held in recent months despite large amount of work to be done .  u.s. athletes impressed by the facilities in mountain venues and seaside stadium .
 gay teen in prom case is local pariah , national heroine <sec> constance mcmillen in news after school cancels prom ; she wanted to bring girlfriend .  support nationally shows in tv visits , prom offers , facebook fans and scholarship .  at home , mississippi high school senior deals with tensions , anxiety , `` hostility '' .  her and aclu 's fight inspires others , making her poster child for lgbt student activis .
 this week on inside africa ... <sec> in south africa as the country looks back , 20 years after nelson mandela 's historic release .  nkepile mabuse tours the prison house where mandela spent the end of his sentence .  desmond tutu shares thoughts on mandela 's release , recalls own initial reaction to the new .
 feng aims to be 'the li na of golf ' after historic lpga win <sec> shanshan feng wins the lpga championship to become china 's first major winner .  the 22-year-old collects her first lpga tour title at the new york tournament .  feng aims to emulate the success of china 's tennis star li na .  taiwan 's world no . .  1 yani tseng finishes tied for 59th in her title defens .
 report : unemployment to rise again in 2013 <sec> a total of 197 million people were without a job in 2012 , says ilo report .  report : global unemployment numbers will rise once again in 2013 .  youth unemployment remains persistent proble .
 arizona ag to appeal woman 's overturned murder conviction <sec> debra milke was convicted of murder in her son 's death and given the death penalty .  a judge tossed her conviction ; the jury did n't know a detective 's `` history of misconduct '' .  arizona 's attorney general says he 'll appeal the case to the u.s. supreme court .  milke sent `` her young son off to be shot , executive style , '' the attorney general say .
 arab spring nations do n't yet grasp freedom of dissent <sec> ed husain : arab uprisings have ousted tyrants , but citizens still do n't fully grasp democracy .  he says intolerance can endure among people reared under dictatorships .  he says they could learn from europe 's 17th century religious battles .  husain : mohammed taught mildness , forgiveness . .  where is that amid islamists today .
 2 found guilty of causing l.a. county wildfire <sec> two men convicted of starting an illegal campfire that led to wildfire .  the fire scorched nearly 2,000 acres in l.a. county and destroyed 5 homes .  they could get 6â½ years in prison ; a third suspect faces trial next wee .
 is a vote for hillary clinton a vote for women ? <sec> jennifer lawless : there 's a strong temptation to view hillary clinton 's candidacy as all about cracking the glass ceiling for women .  she says the reality is that most people will vote not on gender but on the economy and partisanshi .
 bail denied for alleged pakistani taliban funding conspirator <sec> irfan khan is accused of providing money to the pakistani taliban .  a u.s. magistrate judge `` reluctantly '' calls khan a flight risk .  his father , brother , sister and nephew are also indicted .  khan should n't be held responsible for his father 's actions , his lawyer argue .
 uk police arrest pair suspected of holding women captive for 30 years <sec> new : the accused man and woman , both 67 , are released on bail .  women were freed in october through the efforts of freedom charity .  arrests came after a woman told the charity she had been held against her will for 30 year .
 soldiers place thousands of flags at arlington graves ahead of memorial day <sec> the flag-placing tradition dates from 1948 .  every available soldier from the u.s. army 's 3rd infantry regiment takes part .  a small u.s. flag is planted at the graves of service members in the cemeter .
 review : 'hansel and gretel ' makes grim viewing <sec> the film was pushed back to take advantage of jeremy renner 's rising star .  it was shot in 3-d .  famke janssen plays the wickedest witc .
 smart traveller <sec> this month smart traveller road tested the xshot in basel , switzerland .  the xshot is a three-feet long telescopic stainless-steel rod .  a camera can be mounted on the end to allow you to take pictures of yourself .  cnn 's richard quest gave the gadget the thumbs u .
 push to make porn star a senator no stunt , fan says <sec> stormy daniels fan insists movement to draft porn star for senate campaign for real .  republican sen. david vitter of louisiana now holds u.s. senate seat at issue .  vitter , up for re-election in 2010 , is known for his link to the `` d.c. madam '' .  daniels says she 's embracing possible candidacy , planning `` listening tour '' of stat .
 cain : wife did n't know about friendship with latest accuser <sec> new : media should be asking tough questions of accuser , cain 's lawyer says .  cain tells a newspaper he gave the woman money to help her out .  herman cain says his wife did n't know of his friendship with his latest accuser .  ginger white alleges she had a 13-year on-and-off affair with the candidat .
 at category 2 , hurricane earl spins off north carolina <sec> new : just before 11 p.m . .  et , sustained winds reported at 105 mph .  earl is now a strong category 2 storm .  in u.s. , warnings and watches stretch from north carolina to massachusetts .  some people are staying put on outer banks : 'i 'm looking forward to it .
 actors ' son jett travolta dies at 16 <sec> new : relationship between travolta and son jett called loving , affectionate .  new : couple said chemicals in cleaning products triggered son 's rare disease .  jett travolta was elder child of john travolta and kelly preston .  jett travolta died in freeport , bahamas , where family was well-liked by communit .
 sheriff : maryland student , 21 , admits eating housemate 's heart , part of brain <sec> kujoe bonsafo agyei-kodie , 37 , was reported missing last saturday .  his roommate 's relatives say three days later , they found a head and hands .  the roommate later admitted to killing agyei-kodie , authorities say .  he said he ate agyei-kodie 's heart and part of his brain , a sheriff say .
 dozens arrested over riots in singapore <sec> police arrest 27 people in singapore after a worker 's death sparks riots .  an indian national died after he was hit by a bus in the little india district .  it 's the worst violence singapore has seen in over 40 year .
 clinton defends obama on iran talks <sec> clinton participated in a question-and-answer session at the brookings institution .  she said it 's important to pursue an agreement `` in line with our requirements '' .  but she called for a tough approach : `` no deal is better than a bad deal .
 master 's apprentice : is mourinho student the new 'special one ' ? <sec> andre villas boas is following in the footsteps of his mentor jose mourinho .  villas boas has led porto to the portuguese title at the age of just 33 .  mourinho was seven years older when he won his first league title with the club .  both men are motivated , ambitious and superb at organizing their player .
 cartoonists convicted for insulting turkey 's president <sec> court fines two cartoonists for insulting turkish president recep tayyip erdogan .  weekly satirical magazine penguen says it will appeal the decision .  press advocates express concern about criminal defamation laws in turke .
 euro 2012 : who will take playoff places ? <sec> the playoffs for euro 2012 will be completed on tuesday .  the second-leg ties will decide which final four countries will qualify .  next year 's championship will be co-hosted by poland and ukraine .  spain will defend their 2008 title from 16 other competing nation .
 sochi souvenirs : top-10 sporting moments <sec> controversy aside , sochi delivered a sporting occasion worthy of celebration .  88 nations vied over 17 days for medals of bronze , silver and gold .  98 events delivered moments of drama and destiny that captured imaginatio .
 ann romney a calming presence on campaign trail <sec> the romneys met as high schoolers ; their relationship has withstood the test of time .  their shared faith and friendship has helped keep the marriage strong .  ann 's struggles with ms , family 's adjustment to campaigning are challengin .
 opinion : bigger threat , edward snowden or nsa ? <sec> chris cuomo , co-host of new cnn show , `` new day '' chimes in on this week 's podcast .  dean obeidallah and cuomo disagree on whether edward snowden is a traitor or hero .  obeidallah , john avlon and margaret hoover are outraged by the worst charities in the u.s . .  last , the three discuss erotic books and the scandal involving cia staffer avril haine .
 former 'manson family ' member denied parole <sec> susan atkins held sharon tate down and stabbed the pregnant actress 16 times .  parole hearing was the 13th for atkins , who is battling terminal brain cancer .  the panel set another hearing for atkins in three year .
 powerball winner wanted for child support <sec> new jersey man has warrant dating to 2009 , sheriff 's office says .  pedro quezada owes $ 29,000 in back child support , officials say .  his lump-some jackpot payment will be $ 152 million after taxe .
 colombian president dismisses jackson help in release of u.s. captive <sec> jackson says the release would be a 'humanitarian gesture of their own volition '' .  u.s. civil rights leader jesse jackson says he 's helping to facilitate the release .  kevin scott sutay was captured by farc rebels in june .  he is a u.s. army veteran who served in afghanista .
 lovely wedding , but did it trend on twitter ? <sec> for $ 3,000 , couples getting married at w hotels can hire a `` social media concierge '' .  the concierge will live-tweet the entire affair and make sure guests use the same hashtag .  hotel staffer : `` we 've even had people ask us how they can get their wedding to 'trend ' `` .  the service is available at four w hotels in new yor .
 behind the scenes : an interview interrupted in shenandoah <sec> shenandoah , pennsylvania was once called `` little new york '' for its cultural diversity .  beating death of luis ramirez , a mexican immigrant , rocked town in 2008 .  emotions ran high before trial of four white teens charged in case .  `` this was n't a racial crime , '' resident jaelynn mackalonis sai .
 celebrity death rumors spread online <sec> online news stories falsely claimed some celebrities had died .  the rash of fake celebrity news followed michael jackson 's death last week .  some say social media fanned the flames of the rumors .  founder of a fakeawish.com claims indirect responsibility for several rumor .
 senegal 's president says he 'll face runoff <sec> president abdoulaye wade got 32 % of the vote sunday .  he is likely to face his former prime minister in a march runoff .  wade was booed as he casts his ballot in dakar on sunday .  his bid for a third term provoked violent demonstrations in senega .
 german bailout of greece was legal , court rules <sec> the federal constitutional court throws out a legal challenge to the bailout .  but it says lawmakers must approve any future bailouts .  berlin has been trying to prop up the economies of greece and italy -- angering many german .
