 alex rodriguez suspended for entire 2014 season <sec> the new york yankees say they `` respect '' the decision .  alex rodriguez suspended for 2014 regular season and postseason .  decision will cost slugger $ 25 million .  rodriguez plans to appea .
 husband of sudanese christian says appeals court deliberating <sec> mariam yehya ibrahim , 27 , was condemned to die by hanging last month .  her apostasy conviction came after she refused to renounce her christianity .  her husband says the appeals court sent him formal notice of deliberation .
 conference focuses on north korea 's infrastructure <sec> officials , academics gather to discuss north korea 's energy needs .  diplomacy was part of the discussion at georgia tech conference .  conference coincided with reports north korea is going to test-fire missl .
 rights groups challenge u.s. on drone strikes in pakistan , yemen <sec> white house denies any laws were violated .  amnesty international and human rights watch release highly critical reports .  they detail multiple u.s. drone strikes in pakistan and yemen .  amnesty international suggests that some of the attacks may constitute war crime .
 dr. john cordice , who operated on mlk after stabbing , dies <sec> dr. martin luther king was stabbed with a letter opener in harlem in 1958 .  dr. john cordice helped lead the surgeons who operated on the civil rights leader .  cordice practiced in harlem for more than 40 years , new york hospital group say .
 bush touts accomplishments , admits mistakes <sec> new : bush touts `` 52 months of uninterrupted job growth '' .  new : president says most people around world still respect america .  president says he regrets `` mission accomplished '' banner on carrier .  bush speaks in final news conference of second ter .
 russia 's sex slave industry thrives , rights groups say <sec> aid groups say booming economy has fueled demand for prostitutes in moscow .  nigerian woman forced into prostitution says her uncle lured her to moscow .  `` he made me know that if i do n't cooperate ... it would end in taking my life '' .  russian police admit human trafficking for sexual exploitation is a major proble .
 strong taiwan quake kills 1 <sec> `` blind fault '' may have produced 6.1 temblor .  fault may be able to produce much stronger quake , taiwanese official says .  quake in area killed more than 2,400 in 199 .
 med student held without bail in possible craigslist killing <sec> not-guilty plea entered in philip markoff 's behalf in woman 's slaying in boston .  prosecutors say semiautomatic firearm found in search of student 's home .  ceo says craigslist looking for ways to make site safer in wake of killing .  e-mail from suspect 's fiancee says police have `` wrong man .
 watch issued for dutch antilles as tropical storm ana nears <sec> new : ana is 730 miles east of leeward islands , moving west at 17mph .  virgin islands , puerto rico advised to monitor storm 's progress .  storm has maximum sustained winds of 40 mph , hurricane center say .
 clintonites eye likely imminent campaign carefully - cnnpolitics.com <sec> supporters met to discuss the past year with nod to future hillary clinton presidential run .  they spoke in hypotheticals , but acknowledged all signs point to clinton run .  while hopeful , many expressed concerns that clinton could face in a presidential rac .
 migrants clash with u.s. border patrol agents at mexican border <sec> no one was seriously injured .  no one was arrested .  the group dispersed and returned to mexic .
 mindy mccready feared losing custody of kids , friend says <sec> fear of losing her sons was `` a nail in her coffin , '' a friend says .  her young boys were placed in foster care recently .  tabloid reports that she was a suspect in her boyfriend 's death also hurt , he says .  boyfriend david wilson died from a gunshot five weeks earlie .
 two people dead , one injured in florida mall shooting <sec> two people are dead in mall shooting , police say .  they identify suspected shooter .  the central florida mall was closed after reports of a shooting , police sa .
 mubarak to be questioned in corruption probe <sec> egypt 's attorney general freezes former president 's assets this week .  he is expected to be brought to cairo for questioning next week .  mubarak resigned february 11 after 18 days of protest against his rul .
 why we need to get smarter about quotas <sec> quotas for women are often met with incredible support or strong opposition , says zahidi .  zahidi says quotas take time to bring about change , cites norway as example .  quotas have a ripple effect on gender equality and improve business practice .
 orphaned girl starts university in zimbabwe at 14 <sec> 14-year-old maud chifamba has been admitted to the university of zimbabwe .  maud , who is studying to be an accountant , is the youngest ever student in the country .  unable to pay her school fees , the orphaned girl had to study alone at home .  she is being described as `` confident , efficacious and unique .
 parents accuse hawaii dentist of leaving daughter with brain damage <sec> a lawsuit alleges finley boyle , 3 , suffered massive brain damage during a dental procedure .  it alleges the girl was given improper medications with incorrect dosages .  it further alleges she suffered cardiac arrest and massive brain damage .  finley 's pediatric neurologist confirms she is in a `` persistent vegetative state .
 $ 8 million worth of heroin seized in new york , some bags stamped 'nfl ' <sec> new york heroin bust nets 33 pounds of the drug .  dealers used `` brand names '' such `` nfl , '' `` government shutdown , '' `` olympics 2012 '' .  two suspects are arreste .
 house democrats plan second economic stimulus package <sec> democrats say it 's likely they will call congress back after election to vote .  package would put emphasis on aid to local and state governments .  speaker nancy pelosi , other democrats to meet with economists to discuss plan .  house republican aides said gop has n't been consulted on packag .
 rick perry in london : 'you always sound so darn smart ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> texas gov . .  rick perry delivered a foreign policy speech on isis in london . .  he highlighted the strong relationship between britain and the u.s . .  this is the first leg of a european tour that includes stops in ukraine and poland .
 new mexico doctors can help terminal patients die , judge says <sec> a state judge makes the ruling monday .  the ruling could make nm the fifth state to allow doctors to prescribe fatal doses to terminal patients .  new mexico 's attorney general is contemplating whether to appea .
 10 shocking medical mistakes <sec> expert : medical errors kill more than 250,000 people in the united states yearly .  `` mistakes are happening every day in every hospital in the country , '' says top doctor .  there are strategies you can use to help doctors and nurses get things righ .
 six christians shot , 1 fatally , in egypt <sec> new : deputy policeman arrested in shootings .  incident occurred tuesday evening on a train south of cairo .  family was en route to cairo to buy an engagement ring .  relations between the christian minority and muslim majority within egypt are tens .
 snow damages colosseum , medieval churches in italy <sec> snow has caused damage to the colosseum in rome and to historic buildings in urbino .  plunging temperatures caused ice to form on colosseum walls , forcing off small pieces of rock .  delicate houses in urbino 's historic walled center have suffered collapses .  worst snowfall in italy for many years ; said to be equivalent of a severe floo .
 protestors torch factories in southern vietnam as china protests escalate <sec> factories in industrial park burned down by anti-chinese protesters .  china has called on vietnam to protect chinese interests in the country .  vietnamese have been protesting against perceived territorial incursions by china .  vietnam says chinese ships have made violent attacks on vietnamese vessel .
 man arrested in plot to blow up 48 churches in oklahoma <sec> gregory arthur weiler ii was arrested at a motel last week .  authorities found bomb-making materials and a handwritten journal .  he is charged with threatening to use an explosive or incediary device .  he also is charged with violating the oklahoma anti-terrorism ac .
 'sharknado 2 ' whips up twitter feeding frenzy <sec> social media explodes for `` sharknado 2 '' .  it debuted wednesday on syfy .  sharks invade the big apple for the sequel to last summer 's pop culture phenomenon .  screenwriter predicts there might be a `` global sharkapocalypse '' in third outin .
 arizona plane crash kills one <sec> all six passengers on the cessna were from france .  the plane crashed while trying to land at page airport .  four people were treated at a hospital and released .  the ntsb will investigate the cras .
 official : saleh to return to yemen following assassination probe <sec> official : `` i can not give you a specific time of when president saleh will arrive '' .  an official backtracks on claim that investigation into the attack on saleh is complete .  earlier , the government accused two opposition members of planning the attack .  president saleh is said to be in saudi arabia recovering from burn wound .
 olympic games 2016 : samba sevens as brazil granted rugby spots <sec> irb grant automatic qualification spots to brazil men 's and women 's teams for 2016 .  chairman bernard lapasset calls it `` good for rugby , good for braztil and good for the games '' .  sevens will make its olympic bow in rio with 12-team tournaments for both sexes .  rugby participation on the rise in the south american nation where football is kin .
 fast-moving wildfire threatens hundred of homes near yosemite <sec> new : the fire has burned nearly 1,900 acres and is 40 % contained .  more than 2,200 fire personnel are fighting carstens fire ; 800 structures threatened .  the blaze is striking in and around mairposa county near yosemite national park .  the fire is happening weeks before the normal start of wildfire season in californi .
 flight attendant helps land plane when first officer falls ill <sec> first officer of flight with 225 passengers aboard had `` flulike '' symptoms .  flight attendant with commercial pilot 's license assumed role .  plane landed safely at o'hare international airport in chicago , illinois .  american airlines flight 's first officer has been treated and is recoverin .
 french senate passes armenian genocide bill <sec> new : turkey calls the vote `` first and foremost a loss for france '' .  armenia praises the vote and thanks the french .  the french senate approved the controversial legislation 127-86 .  turkey expressed anger over the bill when it passed the national assembly in decembe .
 train jumps tracks , hurts 32 at chicago 's o'hare airport <sec> there are `` indications '' the train 's driver dozed off , union official says .  almost all of the 32 people hurt have been released from hospitals , official says .  video from the train and station wil be examined by investigators .  blue line train passes end of line , moves up escalato .
 gen. petraeus pleads guilty to federal charge - cnnpolitics.com <sec> petraeus resigned as cia chief when the affair came to light in 2012 .  the general provided classified intelligence to his biographer , who was also his mistres .
 bosnia genocide suspect ratko mladic arrested in serbia <sec> new : mladic has been transferred to a courthouse in belgrade .  new : the balkan war crimes tribunal praises mladic 's arrest .  mladic was wanted on charges of genocide , extermination and murder .  he was the highest-ranking yugoslav war crimes suspect still at larg .
 2 tropical cyclones strike chinese coast in quick succession <sec> new : the chinese authorities have relocated more than 300,000 people .  tropical storm saola hits the chinese province of fujian .  hours earlier , typhoon damrey slams into the chinese coast farther north .  saola has already wreaked havoc in the philippines and taiwan , killing more than 4 .
 nelson mandela laid to rest : goodbye tata . sleep well <sec> anti-apartheid hero nelson mandela laid to rest in his childhood village .  funeral and burial ended 10 days of mourning for south africa 's first black president .  more than 4,000 people gathered at mandela 's funeral service in a tent in the qunu hills .  his family told cnn 's robyn curnow they believed his spirit was now at hom .
 soccer stars haunted by 'brazil 's hiroshima ' <sec> brazil will host the football world cup for first time in 64 years in 2014 .  the south american country lost to uruguay in the final match of the 1950 tournament .  flamboyant attacker neymar is the star of the current brazil team .  brazil hosts the confederations cup , which begins on saturda .
 beckham crowned soccer 's top earner <sec> david beckham is named as the highest-paid footballer in the world .  the psg midfielder earns $ 46.5 million , according to france football magazine .  barcelona 's lionel messi second on the list ahead of cristiano ronaldo .  real madrid 's jose mourinho is the highest-earning coach in the gam .
 why do japanese politicians keep visiting yasukuni ? <sec> several japanese officials and lawmakers visited controversial shrine .  yasukuni shrine includes 14 class-a war criminals from world war ii .  visitors insist they 're only paying respects , but china , korea views are differen .
 california chef feeds children for free <sec> bruno serato was named one of the top 10 cnn heroes of 2011 .  serato feeds more than 300 children every night in anaheim , california .  serato : all together , we can make a big difference and feed million .
 neighbors send euro troubles to austria <sec> austria 's credit downgrade hidden behind france but could have wide repercussions .  the country has low unemployment but is exposed to financial risk in italy and hungary .  as in the u.s. and across europe there is fierce debate over balancing tax increases and spending cuts to reduce the deficit .  some economic historians believe it was a banking failure in austria that triggered what would become known as the great depressio .
 54 bodies recovered from bangladesh ferry disaster <sec> authorities recover 54 bodies after overcrowded ferry capsizes .  boat had capacity of 1,500 , but 2,000 people onboard .  they were traveling homes for the muslim festival of eid al-adh .
 meet lego 's first professional girls <sec> lego 's new set of figures called research institute sold out worldwide within a few days .  it features female scientist , an astronomer and a palaeontologist complete with a dinosaur .  previous sets targeted at girls lacked professional female character .
 syrian government demolished thousands of homes , report says <sec> rights group says syrian authorities demolished homes in opposition strongholds .  authorities used bulldozers and explosives , human right watch says .  syrian government : demolitions were part of urban planning or removal of illegal buildings .  `` this was collective punishment , '' rights group say .
 wimbledon : andy murray through to quarterfinals <sec> andy murray beats big serving kevin anderson to book quarterfinal against dimitrov .  canada 's eugenie bouchard beats alize cornet to progress to last eight .  sabine lisicki sees off ana ivanovic ; caroline wozniacki beaten in fourth round .  stanislas wawrinka through to last 1 .
 mexico floods president 's home state with police <sec> mexican government responding to a spate of deadly attacks in michoacan .  the number of federal police officers patrolling the state has more than tripled .  sudden spike in violence follows arrest saturday of high-ranking drug cartel member .  la familia michoacana accused in the slayings of 12 federal police officer .
 jack wagner reunites with long lost daughter <sec> jack wagner discovered earlier this month that he has a long-lost 23-year-old daughter .  the girl , named carrie , introduced herself to wagner backstage at a concert .  reports say carrie , who was given up for adoption as an infan .
 zimbabwe 's power-sharing deal takes tentative step forward <sec> amendment paves way for power-sharing deal after violence disturbed election .  president robert mugabe , mdc leader morgan tsvangirai signed deal in july .  amendment describes prime minister post intended for opposition leader tsvangirai .  parliament must approve amendment before mugabe can sign it into effec .
 opinion : journalist and survivor : the rules blurred on 9/11 <sec> new national september 11 museum opened for dedication ceremony on thursday .  allison gilbert was struck by falling debris on 9/11 , donated triage tag she wore to hospital .  gilbert : after 9/11 , routines were questioned and familiar steps felt shaky .  gilbert transferred rights of `` covering catastrophe '' to the memorial and museu .
 dieting companies now targeting men <sec> weight watchers , nutrisystem , featuring men in ad campaigns .  more than 30 % of men older than 20 are overweight .  estimates say only one-quarter of overweight men actively seek to lose weigh .
 commentary : sasha 's smile could be a guide to our future <sec> roland martin : sasha obama laughed joyously after her father took the oath .  he says her generation wo n't have the same racial burden as its parents .  martin : sasha is growing up in a world of diversity , with great possibilities .  martin : in a diverse world , obama 's skin tone strengthens americ .
 time running out for kidnapped austrians <sec> officials battling a midnight deadline to secure release of kidnapped austrians .  wolfgang ebner , 51 , and andrea kloiber , 44 , captured on holiday in tunisia .  al qaeda contacted austrian government to seek release of five prisoner .
 nascar driver races to stop diabetes <sec> ryan reed is a development driver in the nascar nationwide series .  he teamed with american diabetes association to launch drive to stop diabetes campaign .  reed is on a strict diet and exercise regimen to keep his diabetes under contro .
 ronaldo double rescues real madrid ; milan crash to juventus defeat <sec> cristiano ronaldo scores another two goals as real madrid beat hercules 3-1 .  it is the first time under coach jose mourinho that real have gone behind .  lionel messi also scores twice as second-placed barcelona thrash 10-man sevilla .  real 's champions league rivals ac milan lose 2-1 at home to juventu .
 physics nobel prize goes to scientists who perfected led light <sec> scientist shuji nakamura says winning the nobel prize is `` unbelievable '' .  committee : trio 's work is in keeping with the spirit of alfred nobel .  they invented the blue light-emitting diode .  coupled with the red and green , it creates white led light .
 u.s. photographer john stanmeyer wins world press photo of the year <sec> american photographer john stanmeyer wins the world press photo of the year 2013 .  his image shows african migrants in djibouti as they seek a phone signal .  `` the photo is like a message in a bottle , it is one that will last for all of us , '' jury member says .  u.s. photographer john tlumacki recognized for boston marathon bombing imag .
 hey , pope francis , where are all the married saints ? <sec> it 's been nearly 9 centuries since the catholic church formally canonized a married couple .  the saint-making process inordinately favors those with connections and resources , chris lowney argue .
 'mario , ' 'zelda ' creator says give the wii u time <sec> shigeru miyamoto designed `` super mario bros. '' and other top nintendo games .  miyamoto says skepticism about the wii u reminds him of nintendos ds games .  new `` zelda , '' `` luigi '' games are coming for the consol .
 irs targeting scandal reshaped by new details <sec> liberal and conservative groups seeking tax-exempt status got targeted .  pelosi : the priority is stopping political groups from getting tax breaks .  ryan : unanswered questions require further questions .  a house committee holds the next hearing on the issue thursda .
 dna clears jonbenet 's family , points to mystery killer <sec> new dna tests exonerate all members of jonbenet ramsey 's family .  child beauty contestant was slain in december 1996 .  dna points to unidentified male as her killer .  district attorney mary lacy writes letter clearing john ramsey , famil .
 rescue continues into the night after haiti school collapses <sec> new : at least 50 students killed , 100 injured ; toll is expected to rise .  red cross official says dozens of students appear to be trapped in haiti school .  rescue workers digging through rubble near port-au-prince , official says .  school could have as many as 700 people in it , rescue official say .
