 attorney : 3 u.s. college students released from police custody <sec> new : the father of one student says his son was `` falsely accused '' .  the three students are headed to the airport to return home , a lawyer says .  an egyptian-american filmmaker has been released , her lawyer says .  she was reportedly arrested while filming close to the interior ministr .
 wozniacki tops world rankings after win <sec> denmark 's caroline wozniacki is the new women 's world number one tennis player .  the 20-year-old overtakes serena williams after reaching the china open quarters .  wozniacki defeated czech petra kvitova 6-3 6-2 to ensure she topped rankings .  she becomes the 20th women to become world number one since the rankings were forme .
 judge rules reality tv producer 's kids ca n't go to mom 's memorial <sec> mother was found dead at a mexican resort last month .  father named `` person of interest '' in investigation of his wife 's death .  therapist said emotional service could harm young children .  father 's lawyer says resort had other unsolved death .
 why everybody 's building a web music service <sec> twitter is the latest web player to get into music streaming .  ad-or-subscription streaming services like spotify , pandora are booming .  apple , google and twitter all reportedly will roll out music services .  microsoft 's xbox music feature was introduced in octobe .
 ecclestone promotes stefan gp team as possible new f1 entrants <sec> formula one chief bernie ecclestone casts doubt on two new teams ahead of 2010 season .  ecclestone says he believes campos meta and us f1 team will not be ready .  he supports the introduction of serbian team stefan gp , who failed in entry bid .  stefan have already sent equipment to bahrain in anticipation of being involved in first rac .
 brazilian legend socrates dies aged 57 <sec> former brazil international captain socrates has died at the age of 57 .  socrates captained his country in the 1982 world cup finals in spain .  the midfielder won 60 international caps and scored 22 goal .
 obama to deliver eulogy at height funeral <sec> president obama will deliver the eulogy for civil rights leader dorothy height .  the funeral is set for 10 a.m. e.t . .  thursday at washington national cathedral .  height , 98 , was a former president of the national council of negro women .  people lined three city blocks to attend a viewing in washington on tuesda .
 police , company investigates foxconn death <sec> chengdu police are investigating the death of a foxconn employee .  body of the 23-year-old found outside his residence , apparently from a fall .  comes after a rash of suicides at the brought scrutiny to the apple supplie .
 how to make an impact on hunger <sec> nearly one in six people suffers from chronic hunger , according to the u.n . .  fighting hunger can be as easy as dining out , playing a game , or sending a tweet .  artists and architects use their skills to fight hunger and raise awarenes .
 'person of interest ' in missouri abduction shoots self <sec> man is wanted for questioning in abduction of 4-year-old .  man in critical condition wednesday night , missouri state patrol says .  a tip led police to town north of st. louis .  family `` ecstatic '' over girl 's safe retur .
 report : 'angry birds ' will become animated series <sec> ceo says plans are under way for an `` angry birds '' animated series .  rovio chief mikael hed calls a show based on the game a `` personal big focus area .
 malaysia pm resigns ; deputy to assume post <sec> najib razak to become new prime minister for malaysia on friday .  abdullah badawi to step down from pm post .  ruling party has failed to secure majority needed to amend constitutio .
 eurozone seeks deal with imf on greece <sec> eurozone eyeing a plan that would rapidly cut greece 's debt mountain early next decade .  the deal would involve a political fix to reset athens ' long-term debt target to after 2020 .  deal involves greece missing its maximum debt target of 120 % of gdp by 2020 .  the imf regards that benchmark of `` debt sustainability '' as sacrosanc .
 when history speaks : lincoln 's three lessons for an obama second term <sec> new `` lincoln '' film offers opportunities , advice for barack obama .  obama is avid admirer of the 16th president .  a professor offers three lessons for obama from lincol .
 australians punish poor kiwis at world cup ; bangladesh survive scare <sec> cricket world cup champions australia cruise to victory against new zealand .  nz captain insists christchurch earthquake was no excuse for poor display .  co-hosts bangladesh boost quarterfinal hopes with 27-run win over ireland .  irish beat bangladesh at last world cup in 2007 , but batsmen wasted good star .
 did qatar buy the 2022 world cup ? sunday times investigates <sec> investigation by british newspaper alleges network of payments for world cup votes .  qatar had won the bid to host 2022 world cup finals .  usa , australia , japan and south korea lost out .  fifa executive committee member calls for rerun of vot .
 no charges for milwaukee officer in fatal shooting <sec> dontre hamilton died during a confrontation in april .  the district attorney decides the officer acted in self-defense .  u.s. department of justice to review the cas .
 u.s. tourists arrested for carving initials into wall at rome 's colosseum <sec> two american women arrested for carving initials into a colosseum wall .  meanwhile , egypt investigating russian pornography film reportedly shot at great pyramids .  cambodia 's angkor archeological park experienced a string of nudity-related incidents this yea .
 merriam-webster 's 2013 word of the year is ... science <sec> merriam-webster picks `` science '' primarily based on numbers on its website .  the word had the largest spike in look-ups , it says .  oxford 's buzzworthy choice of `` selfie '' was a result of growing digital fam .
 michael moore : capitalism has proven it 's failed <sec> filmmaker michael moore takes on capitalism in his latest documentary .  moore says wall street took our money and made bets with it .  moore : richest 1 percent in america are wealthier than bottom 95 percent combine .
 suspect in mcstay family killings arrested <sec> charles `` chase '' merritt appears in court .  merritt is charged with four counts of murder in the family 's 2010 deaths .  their bodies were found in the mojave desert in november 2013 .  merritt was a business partner of joseph mcstay 's , police sa .
 janay rice : ray rice was 'terrified ' after hitting me <sec> janay rice says baltimore ravens suggested she apologize ; she was ok with it .  ray rice 's wife gave her second interview to `` today , '' which aired part of it monday .  `` everybody makes mistakes , '' she says , defending her husband after february incident .  earlier this year , video captured ray rice hitting then-fiancee , dragging her out of elevato .
 58 cancers receive 9/11 fund coverage <sec> the addition finalizes a june proposal .  an estimated 950 to 2,150 people are expected to take advantage .  new york mayor michael bloomberg hails the mov .
 lawyer scandal figure : 'evidence ' disputes christie on lane closures - cnnpolitics.com <sec> lawyer for key figure in bridge scandal releases letter with new assertion .  letter says there is evidence contradicting what chris christie said about traffic lane closures .  christie 's office says letter just affirms what christie has said all along .  scandal involving george washington bridge traffic has rocked christie 's administratio .
 as nuclear power dies , solar rises <sec> writers : on earth day we celebrate the dawn of the solar age , decline of nuclear power .  they say in the u.s. and worldwide , solar power installations are proliferating .  writers : nuclear reactors are aging and uncompetitive and it 's too expensive to build new ones .  writers : in 2013 , u.s. and the world on threshold of sustainable , clean energy futur .
 opinion : best way to respond to trayvon martin verdict ? vote <sec> cornell belcher : what would civil rights pioneers have done about verdict ? .  he says protests are fine but a smart strategy would focus on organizing .  belcher says voters should rally around trayvon case , hold politicians accountable .  he says voters must push politicians to favor gun control , anti-profiling legislatio .
 a father 's plea : end the war on drugs <sec> mexican poet javier sicilia 's son and six friends were killed by drug cartel hit men .  sicilia gave up writing and started a movement for peace and an end to war on drugs .  sicilia : 60,000 slain since war on drugs began in 2006 , with no end to drugs .  sicilia leading a peace caravan in the u.s. to end the drug war ravaging both nation .
 opinion : finishing our nation 's unfinished business <sec> sen. cory booker says racial disparities and poverty are among america 's unfinished business .  booker : we remain a country falling short of its highest ideals .  booker : a failed criminal justice system has become our greatest civil rights challeng .
 lorde bites back at diplo after taylor swift diss <sec> lorde defended taylor swift when producer diplo made fun of swift 's physique .  the singer tweeted a cutting remark in response .  lorde and swift are known pal .
 hackers attack two israeli websites <sec> saudi hackers say in an e-mail they attacked the sites .  earlier saudi hackers had exposed thousands of israeli credit card numbers .  deputy foreign minister has his website hacke .
 sources : ottawa gunman had ties to jihadists <sec> michael zehaf-bibeau had not had his passport revoked , as previously reported .  he was applying for one and police believe the issue could have figured into motive .  the gunman 's interactions with extremists were limited , a source says .  there is no evidence so far that he had any `` operational links '' to jihadists , source say .
 arsenal boss wenger slams chelsea 's transfer spending <sec> arsenal manager unhappy with chelsea 's $ 114 million outlay on two players .  arsene wenger says spending shows no logic after announcing a massive loss .  ac milan official also criticizes england 's record level of january outlay .  european clubs must balance their books by end of 2012 or face sanction .
 school teaches by ability , not grade level <sec> a colorado school switched to standards-based learning .  it means students learn according to ability , not their age group .  district leaders say it will take 3-5 years to improve test score .
 after decades in prison , dna evidence frees 2 new york men <sec> it starts with a coerced confession .  anthony yarbough and sharrif wilson go to prison over a 1992 triple murder .  they are convicted for the deaths of yarbough 's mom , sister and cousin .  new dna evidence points to a different killer , also linked to a second crim .
 fireworks injury scar fades , memory does n't <sec> consumer product safety commission : over 9,000 fireworks injuries annually .  about half the injuries are among kids , commission says .  burns , lacerations , eye injuries among most common injuries reporte .
 world reacts to iranian election result <sec> u.s. vice president joe biden : questions need to be asked about vote .  uk : we admire passion of the election , iran needs to address fears about fairness .  eu presidency : hopes outcome sees opportunity for dialogue on nuclear issue .  turkish media : president , prime minister have offered congratulation .
 court backs city in ruling out 'seven aphorisms ' <sec> justices ruled park displays are government speech .  religious group summum wanted to erect monument in city park .  group wanted its 'seven aphorisms ' to join ten commandments monument .  city said no ; group alleged discrimination , violation of free speec .
 nigeria on edge as islamist group extends campaign of violence <sec> islamist extremist group boko haram has been blamed for multiple attacks in nigeria .  analysts say the attacks are getting bolder and better coordinated .  some believe the group has developed ties with al qaeda affiliate .
 apes watch iowa floodwaters from on high <sec> water has been as a high as 14 feet at great ape trust of iowa .  orangutans , bonobos spending time in upper levels of living quarters , officials say .  research at a standstill at des moines facilit .
 commentary : u.s. freedoms not to blame for mexico 's drug war <sec> wayne lapierre : effort under way to reinstate clinton-era gun ban .  he says claims that 95 % of mexico drug guns come from u.s. are n't backed up .  lapierre : our gun freedoms are n't responsible for fueling the drug war .  he says u.s. should seal the border and enforce existing gun law .
 blind veteran helps others learn to sail <sec> urban miyares has been legally blind since the 1970s .  miyares teaches people with disabilities to sail with the challenged america program .  miyares also has type 1 diabetes , and has to control his disease while at se .
 yemen 's president , cabinet resign , official says <sec> u.s. reducing embassy personnel because of security concerns , state department official says .  president , prime minister , cabinet resign , yemeni officials say .  minister says rebels still hold kidnapped presidential aide despite agreeing to free hi .
 prominent al qaeda figure in mali killed by french , chadian forces <sec> new : u.s. official confirms death of abdelhamid abou zeid .  the al qaeda figure was killed in french airstrike , french military sources have said .  the deputy leader of al qaeda in the islamic maghreb and his fighters were in northern mali .  he had a reputation for brutalit .
 yosemite wildfire grows , threatens reservoir , power station <sec> new : rim fire has burned more than 184,000 acres .  road in yosemite park will close for several days .  evacuating residents say they 're worried about their home .
 tim federle 's 'five , six , seven , nate ! ' takes readers backstage <sec> tim federle 's `` five , six , seven , nate ! '' .  picks up where `` better nate than ever '' left off .  nate foster 's broadway dreams are starting to come true , but it 's no cakewalk .  the book 's message is to embrace whatever makes you unique , federle say .
 10 essential iphone tips , new and old <sec> here are 10 essential iphone tips , from basic tricks to the more advanced .  for fast access to music controls while your screen is locked , double tap the home button .  do not disturb is a new feature in ios 6 that lets you silence incoming text message .
 formal charges against royal marines expected in afghanistan murder case <sec> seven royal marines are under arrest on suspicion of murder .  the charges involve an incident in afghanistan 's helmand province in 2011 .  no civilians were involved with the incident , british ministry of defense spokesman say .
 alex ferguson 's top 25 moments in charge of manchester utd <sec> will tidey chronicles the top 25 moments of alex ferguson 's manchester united career .  ferguson will reach 25 years in charge of manchester united on sunday .  the scot has won 37 trophies in his quarter of a decade at old traffor .
 bloody syrian crackdown embarrasses turkish allies <sec> the arab unrest surprised the turkish government .  erdogan , al-assad and their wives have vacationed together .  some analysts say the syrian conflict could destabilize turke .
 greece 's prime minister optimistic referendum will pass <sec> george papandreou speaks to media gathered for g-20 in cannes , france .  papandreou believes greeks `` want us to be a strong partner '' .  sarkozy : if referendum fails , greece may be kicked out of the euro zone .  greece 's cabinet voted to support the call for a referendu .
 it 's not baby fat : among 4-year-olds , nearly 1 in 5 is obese <sec> research : 18.4 percent of 4-year-olds in the united states are obese . .  native americans , hispanics , blacks at most risk ; whites and asians at lowest risk .  socioeconomic and lifestyle factors play a role in likelihood for obesit .
 no deal in sight as shutdown approaches third week <sec> new : the partial government shutdown is set to enter its 14th day monday .  new : reid says on the senate floor he feels `` optimistic '' about prospects for a resolution .  new : the senate adjourns , showing no signs of significant progress .  the treasury says the united states bumps up against its borrowing limit thursda .
 'zeta killers ' say they target mexican drug cartel <sec> a group called `` zeta killers '' releases a video on the internet .  the group says its goal is to exterminate the zetas cartel from veracruz state .  authorities say that they will investigate any group that takes justice into their own hand .
 racing past illness and bias toward love <sec> shane stanford is husband and father , author , and a pastor .  he is racing against illness and fear : stanford is an hiv-positive hemophiliac .  journey has shown relationships , simplicity , giving are most important .  `` no matter how i try to describe myself , i am more than the sum of what i can say .
 an afternoon with a syrian bombmaker <sec> with help from his kids , sheik omar makes bombs in his kitchen for syrian opposition .  he grew up in syria and was , from a young age , fascinated with weapon construction .  he insists that he 's a man of peace , and his bombs are killing the right peopl .
 how close is north korea to a nuclear missile ? <sec> north korea says it carried out an underground nuclear test tuesday .  it is the third nuclear test pyongyang has carried out since 2006 .  it comes after new u.n. sanctions for north korea 's december satellite launch .  experts say it 's unknown how close the north is to being able to launch a nuclear warhea .
 'walmart of weed ' to open in arizona , promote growing your own <sec> the wegrow firm will open its third superstore in phoenix on wednesday .  it openly sells marijuana-growing equipment but not the drug itself .  arizona has asked a federal court to rule on the legality of medical cannabis .  arizona voters approved medical marijuana in novembe .
 police : chinese national created fake army special forces unit <sec> police : yupeng deng called himself the unit 's `` supreme commander '' .  recruits allegedly paid initiation and renewal fees .  they marched in a parade and visited a museum in unifor .
 in south korea , obama to pause to remember ferry victims <sec> president obama to offer condolences to families of ferry victims .  capsizing of ferry that so far has killed 180 people will overshadow his visit to s. korea .  in japan , obama defended his foreign policy moves on syria , ukraine .  obama is on a week-long trip to asia to reassure pacific allies on several front .
 despite boko haram ceasefire , kidnapping continue <sec> at least 60 young women and girls from northeast nigeria are kidnapped by boko haram .  the weekend abductions come despite a supposed ceasefire with the government .  this casts doubts on nigeria 's claims that girls kidnapped in april would be release .
 cnn student news - march 18 , 2015 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 monaco celebrates a royal wedding <sec> new : prince albert and charlene wittstock are wed in a civil ceremony at the palace .  a religious ceremony and fireworks will follow saturday .  the lavish event has a star-studded guest list , including heads of state and celebritie .
 new gop ground troops in louisiana <sec> obama may get a lukewarm welcome in china .  cruz expected to track mcconnell 's every move in the 2015 senate .  will landrieu invite obama down to louisiana for the runoff .
 connecticut teen garnering support after prom ban <sec> james tate wanted to make a special invitation for his prom date .  he posted the invitation over the school 's entrance .  the school imposed an in-house suspension and that banned tate from the prom .  the situation has caught the attention of social media and even state legislator .
