 actor settles racial profiling lawsuit against macy 's <sec> robert brown of hbo 's `` treme '' settles lawsuit against macy 's and new york .  the actor says he was accused of credit card fraud while shopping .  he had filed a class-action suit on behalf of others in the same situatio .
 maverick slum dweller means business <sec> buken makokha became an entrepreneur out of necessity to pull himself out of poverty .  he runs a delivery service , owns a barbershop and sells stoves in nairobi .  hailing from gatina slum , he wants to better the lives of people in his communit .
 twister tears through northeast texas , local authorities say <sec> new : a tornado destroys homes and knocks train cars off their track .  `` significant damage '' is reported in navarro county , texas .  a witness says he saw a funnel form and rode out the storm in a restaurant freezer .  the national weather service says a high school was hi .
 afghan-iranian mountain trails reveal hidden weapons smuggling route <sec> large network of trails used to smuggle weapons found at iran-afghan border .  millions spent by international community on securing border .  border is roughly 1,000 km long , making it difficult to polic .
 gates : 'stop-loss ' phasing out , families of fallen to get travel aid <sec> new : robert gates says families of fallen soldiers will get travel aid to dover afb .  defense secretary says accelerated recruitment hastening end of `` stop-loss '' under current stop-loss policy , troops can be retained beyond enlistments ' end gates dismisses expectations of finding osama bin laden easil .
 life after jack the ripper <sec> `` ripper street '' is a gritty new period drama from the bbc .  unlike `` downton abbey , '' the series focuses on london 's notorious east end .  rather than guessing jack the ripper 's identity , it shows the hysterical aftermat .
 long 'harry potter ' movie clip leaked online <sec> the beginning of the new `` harry potter '' movie is currently available on dozens of torrent sites .  last year 's `` harry potter and the half-blood prince '' is one of the most pirated movies .  the book version of the new movie , which hits theaters friday , also leaked back in 200 .
 four held over marriott hotel blast in islamabad <sec> four arrested on suspicion of involvement '' in hotel blast in pakistani capital .  more than people died in september 20 attack on marriott hotel , 250-plus injured .  authorities have not said how they believe the men are related to the blas .
 will romney lurch to the center ? <sec> fred bayles : romney courted conservatives ; with nomination in bag , what 's next ? .  bayles : moderate mitt has morphed into severely conservative mitt over time .  bayles : as massachusetts governor , he was able to play to both sides for awhile .  whatever stand he chooses , bayles writes , people will wonder if it 's the real romne .
 judge approves bp plea agreement , record $ 4 billion fine <sec> the $ 4 billion deal is the largest criminal penalty in u.s. history .  11 workers died april 20 , 2010 , when the deepwater horizon caught on fire .  the plea deal includes felony manslaughter charges .  a bp executive apologizes in court for the company 's role in the acciden .
 free the five feminists , john kerry tells china <sec> the international community is calling for the release of the five women .  chinese authorities detained them last month over their campaign for gender equalit .
 uk newspaper reveals mole who leaked lawmakers ' expenses <sec> mole one of 20 people employed to process and censor mps ' expenses .  soldiers guarding them did so to earn extra cash between tours of duty .  mole became angry at mp claims as soldiers saved to buy essential equipment .  claims included thousands of dollars ' worth of interest on mortgages already pai .
 'blood moon ' mesmerizes sky gazers <sec> the moon turns a copper reddish color before dawn .  unlike solar eclipses , lunar eclipses are safe to view with the naked eye .  hundreds across north and south america shared their photos .  share your `` blood moon '' images with cnn irepor .
 hispanic entrepreneurship , buying power on the rise <sec> the number of latino-owned companies grew 31 percent between 1997 to 2002 .  study : hispanic women playing important role in growth .  selig center : hispanic buying power will reach almost $ 1.2 trillion by 201 .
 preliminary results : michel martelly beats mirlande manigat in haiti <sec> new : streets fill with jubilant michel martelly supporters .  martelly received 67.6 % of the vote , preliminary results show .  runoff race against former first lady mirlande manigat was held last month .  martelly : `` i represent the light at the end of the tunnel .
 movement aims to decentralize the internet <sec> vice catches up with isaac wilder , founder of the free network foundation .  foundation strives to liberate the internet from corporate and governmental interference .  documentary looks at what happens when a hack-tech movement confronts the stat .
 michael jackson album sales soar <sec> michael jackson albums dominate bestseller charts on amazon.com , itunes .  online retailer play.com reported jackson album sales increased by 7,860 percent .  five of jackson 's solo albums are among the top-sellers of all time .  play.com : fans want to mark his passing by listening to all his music agai .
 sharapova brushes aside kanepi to set up kvitova clash <sec> maria sharapova to meet wimbledon champion petra kvitova in french open semis .  sharapova defeats kaia kanepi in straight sets to take her place in the final four .  kvitova wins hard-fought clash with qualifier yaroslava shvedova 3-6 6-2 6-4 .  the other semifinal is between no . .  6 seed samantha stosur and italian sara erran .
 palestinians ' abbas invites pope francis to the holy land <sec> palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas invites pope francis to the holy land .  the holy land is a biblical region referring to israel and the palestinian territories .  the pope emeritus , benedict xvi , visited the holy land in 200 .
 canadian shooting victim remembered for smile , heart <sec> new : colonel : cirillo `` a very proud member of the argyll and sutherland highlanders '' .  cpl . .  nathan cirillo is shot dead at ottawa 's national war memorial .  his social media pages show him working out , snuggling with animals , smiling .  a woman writes : `` you were such a loving , caring , and funny person to everyone .
 old-style voting puts iowa in epicenter of u.s. election <sec> after months of debates and rallies iowa is the first state where people actually get to vote for a candidate .  the state holds caucuses where communities debate each candidate 's merits before voting , sometimes with a show of hands .  iowa 's status as first to vote means it is watched closely although it does not always pick the eventual winner .  its issues are sometimes different to the nation -- so far iowa has been spared the worst of the economic downtur .
 coroner : rapper heavy d died of blood clot in lung <sec> heavy d also suffered deep leg vein thrombosis and other conditions .  he died november 8 after collapsing at his home .  he was famous for the 1991 hit `` now that we found love .
 michael jackson 's music tops charts <sec> michael jackson 's music sales are soaring after singer 's death .  three of jackson 's albums all sold more than 100,000 copies last week .  listeners worldwide have also downloaded jackson 's music on itune .
 michael phelps cements legacy as one of all-time olympic greats <sec> michael phelps swam one event in his first olympics , placed fifth .  at age 15 , though , people saw his potential to be great swimmer .  three olympics later he has the most medals of all time , most golds .  he raised the popularity of the sport in america through record-setting performance .
 world leaders take putin to task over ukraine at g20 - cnnpolitics.com <sec> obama says his dealings with the russian president were `` businesslike and blunt '' .  `` you need to get out of ukraine , '' canadian prime minister tells putin .  australian pm says putin treated with respect in australia despite `` differences '' .  uk prime minister cameron told putin the eu 's relations with russia could chang .
 obama 's irony , mccain 's agony <sec> gloria borger : decisions about military strikes are always agonizing and difficult .  she says the syria decision features a president who famously opposed a war .  also in spotlight is john mccain , who lost to obama and disapproves of his foreign policy .  borger : mccain may wind up backing obama on syria to avoid catastrophic defeat for u.s .
 here 's your definitive thanksgiving weekend marathon guide <sec> you can sit back and watch tons of tv this weekend .  there will be a two-day `` harry potter '' marathon .  comedy central , bbc america , e ! .  and others running marathons of their show .
 cnn student news transcript : october 1 , 2010 <sec> find out what a stop-gap measure is and why congress just passed one .  explore the history of tension surrounding a religious site in india .  consider the debate over engineering an environmentally-friendly pig .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 tsa clears way for airport screeners to seek broader union rights <sec> tsa will allow screeners option of collective bargaining rights .  but screeners wo n't be able to negotiate on many issues .  matter has been long debated in congres .
 hunger strike on for 12,000 california inmates <sec> more than 12,000 california inmates are now officially considered hunger strikers .  inmate demands include halting long-term solitary confinement and better food .  prison officials say strikers will face disciplinary actio .
 brooke mueller seeks 'different approach ' after drug arrest <sec> brooke mueller will take part in a daytime drug program , but have 24/7 supervision .  mueller faces a drug charge after an aspen , colorado , arrest .  her twin sons will stay with her at home during her rehab .  mueller went to rehab in 201 .
 the numbers that show africa is buzzing with entrepreneurial spirit <sec> experts say africa has to rely on small businesses to provide employment .  the continent has the highest rates of early-stage entrepreneurship in the world .  it 's a leader for female entrepreneurship , says global entrepreneurship monitor .  yet countries with many new startups also see high levels of discontinuanc .
 ohio coach who chased school shooter deflects 'hero ' label <sec> frank hall chased an ohio school gunman from the school , witnesses say .  but he insists he is not a hero , saying that label applies to first responders .  a student says , `` he really went out and he proved how much he cared '' .  coach on boys who died : `` ... .  i was with them , i prayed with them , i wiped their tears .
 furor over pics of taliban in dead soldiers ' kit <sec> photos of taliban in the uniforms of dead french soldiers provokes outrage .  magazine paris match features photos of taliban and their commander .  10 french troops were killed and a further 21 injured in an ambus .
 georgia governor , corps differ over extent of water emergency <sec> governor asks president to declare north georgia a disaster area .  army corps official denies there is a lake lanier water crisis .  army corps releases millions of gallons daily from the lake .  georgia will seek injunction to stop water releases from reservoi .
 indian mob breaks into jail , kills rape suspect <sec> the 35-year-old suspect was described as an illegal immigrant from bangladesh .  he was accused of raping a local woman last mont .
 beyonce and jay z : from breakup chatter to baby rumors <sec> divorce talk has now been replaced by baby rumors .  tabloids report that jay z hinted his wife is pregnant .  the pair have kept the public guessin .
 source : jon huntsman to drop out of presidential race <sec> new : he did n't want to `` stand in the way '' of candidate who can beat obama , official says .  new : jon huntsman made a `` basic calculation , '' says cnn 's john king .  the former utah governor will endorse mitt romney , a source says .  earlier sunday , south carolina 's largest newspaper endorsed huntsma .
 rick perry compares hanukkah rebels to the tea party <sec> the outgoing texas governor made a political statement with his hanukkah well-wishin .
 u.n. chief : climate change deal reached <sec> u.n. chief ban ki-moon says deal reached that could be framework for binding global climate change treaty .  moon says non-binding deal called for all countries to limit global temperature rise to below two degrees celsius .  critics of the u.n . .  climate change conference say specific commitments needed from world leader .
 twisters spotted as fay sweeps across southern florida <sec> seven suspected tornadoes reported tuesday in eastern florida .  forecasters : fay will become a hurricane in florida on thursday .  tens of thousands of people without power in southern florida .  track fay with cnn 's hurricane tracke .
 army general defends rules for detainees <sec> four iraqi detainees were killed by three decorated army sergeants at a baghdad canal .  frustration over detainee policy may have led to 2007 slayings , cnn investigation found .  nearly 77,000 detainees have been released out of the 87,000 captured in the iraq war .  watch saturday , sunday at 8 and 11 p.m . .  et ; read blog posts : abbie boudreau ; scott zamos .
 adebayor banned three matches for van persie stamp <sec> manchester city striker emmanuel adebayor handed three-match ban by fa .  the 25-year-old togo captain will miss this weekend 's manchester derby .  adebayor charged with violent conduct for stamping on robin van persie .  his ban leaves city short of strikers for sunday 's trip to united 's old traffor .
 opinion : u.s. must not fail egypt <sec> cordesman : u.s. must focus not on details of morsy ouster but on egypt 's ongoing crisis .  he says mubarak corrupt , ineffective , but in past 2 years , nation in economic collapse .  he says u.s. most focus on reality , work with world bank , allies to raid egypt economy .  writer : threatening aid cutoff while nation in flux could do vast harm , cripple a key regional all .
 nelson mandela death : examining the backlash <sec> a backlash poured in against mandela 's positive eulogies .  detractors accused him of being a communist , terrorist , racist .  there is some truth to some of the claims .  mandela had a close association with communists and cofounded a militant grou .
 a 'club sandwich ' may support life on jupiter 's moon <sec> ganymede 's oceans may have 25 times the volume of earth 's .  life may arise from chemical interactions between water and rock , scientists say .  ganymede is one of several moons in our solar system that may support lif .
 sailors attacked in turkey ; bags placed over heads - cnnpolitics.com <sec> members of the turkish youth union attack sailors from uss ross , reports say .  bags placed over sailors ' heads during a stop in istanbul , u.s. military officials say .  `` the three sailors were unharmed and are safely back aboard , '' spokesman say .
 review : 'like crazy ' <sec> `` like crazy '' is an exquisite , happy/sad young-love story .  with no love story-ish terminal illness to stimulate audience tear ducts , `` like crazy '' tells the truth .  storytelling credit goes to fast-rising stars yelchin and jones as the movie had no set scrip .
 cher planning to write , star in autobiographical broadway show <sec> cher tweeted that she is planning a broadway show .  the singer/actress said she would write and star in it .  cher has won several awards , but never a ton .
 uncle calls boston marathon bombers 'losers ' <sec> new : after one nephew is killed , the other is captured friday night .  islam had nothing to do with nephews ' alleged actions , uncle says .  `` somebody radicalized them , but it 's not my brother , '' he adds , referring to the men 's fathe .
 analysis : dick cheney 's claims reopen 'waterboarding ' debate <sec> cheney says reports support claim that enhanced interrogation produced critical info .  dossiers declassified this week do not specify techniques used to elicit intelligence .  reports surface in debate over whether techniques helped prevent terrorist attacks .  former vp says enhanced interrogations contributed to successful al qaeda arrest .
 opinion : why d.c. 's push to legalize pot is a good thing <sec> city council voted to decriminalize possession of small amounts of marijuana .  aaron houston says it 's about time the city took that step .  d.c. 's move is part of a nationwide trend to make marijuana legal , he say .
 roddick defeats berdych in miami final <sec> andy roddick defeats tomas berdych in the final of the sony ericsson open .  roddick hammered down 13 aces as he eased to a 7-5 6-4 victory .  the victory saw roddick claim his first atp world tour masters title since 200 .
 tiny technologies could produce big energy solutions <sec> device could allow people to self-power a blood pressure or glucose monitor .  materials for an efficient battery , waste-free battery were made by viruses .  spray-on and stampable batteries are being tested at mit .  energy and environment applications are a tiny portion of nano revenues no .
 southern , midwest u.s. face mix of snow , ice and sleet <sec> federal government offices in the washington area will be closed tuesday .  cnn meteorologist : ice buildup could knock out power , complicate travel .  states affected include kansas , missouri , arkansas , alabama , kentucky , georgia and virgini .
 ronaldo backheel keeps real 10 points clear in spain <sec> real madrid win 1-0 at rayo vallecano to stay top in spain .  stunning backheeled effort from cristiano ronaldo settles game .  real stay 10 points clear of barcelona in title race .  lionel messi with winner for barca at atletico madri .
 america 's top free attractions <sec> the travel industry rakes in billions each year , but not every great attraction charges a fee .  the smithsonian museums in washington make for fun , educational outings at no cost .  in las vegas , the conservatory at the bellagio offers free live music in the garden .
 workers scramble to contain radioactive water at nuclear plant <sec> new : u.s. offering robotics assistance to japan .  lights restored in main control room of reactor no . .  4 .  tepco faces an `` awful dilemma , '' analyst says .  radiation levels drop in nearby water .
 2 arrested after chase in suspected human smuggling incident <sec> two arrested , 12 in custody after police chase in phoenix , arizona .  the truck arrived in u.s. from mexico , police spokesman says .  `` it is a human smuggling incident , '' he says .  truck led officers on chase through phoeni .
 best of the west : national park beaches <sec> the water along yosemite 's merced river beaches is blissfully cool in summer .  the tide pools in washington 's olympic national park are full of intriguing creatures .  crissy field gives you everything you love about san francisco in one scenic packag .
 house democratic women 's numbers do n't yet add up to power <sec> democrats cheer gains of women , but experts say power is not yet among them .  there are few women in either party who hold key roles on powerful house committees .  true test will be increase in leadership roles , sponsoring legislation , political experts sa .
 last remaining south koreans leave joint industrial complex <sec> the move marks the first time that no south koreans are at 9-year-old industrial complex .  north korea suspended operations at the joint economic zone last month .  north and south koreans had worked at the kaesong industrial complex in the north .  the complex houses the operations of more than 120 south korean companies .
 vatican : bishop must recant holocaust denial <sec> vatican orders bishop who denies holocaust to `` distance himself '' from views .  german police launch criminal probe into bishop richard williamson .  williamson denied nazis intentionally murdered 6 million jews . .  pope recently rehabilitated williamson , who was excommunicated in 198 .
 football : united reject hargreaves claims <sec> manchester united have hit back at former midfielder owen hargreaves .  hargreaves claimed he had been mistreated by the club 's medical staff .  the england midfielder spent four injury-plagued years at old trafford .  hargreaves recently joined united 's archrivals manchester cit .
