 colombia frees escobar hit man who killed hundreds <sec> john jairo velasquez was the top hit man for colombian drug lord pablo escobar in the '80s .  he says he killed about 300 people , masterminded about 3,000 other deaths .  velasquez served 22 years in prison for the murder of presidential candidate .  some victims ' relatives protest his release , but others have forgiven hi .
 isis claims responsibility for baghdad bombings <sec> isis says bombers from libya and lebanon .  two attacks kill more than 20 .  iraqi parliament reportedly wo n't meet until august .  iraq close to finishing investigation into video purportedly of isis leade .
 air france probe narrows search area <sec> not known : what brought down the plane , who was at controls , what pilots did .  plane went down in extremely deep water with enormous underwater mountains .  plane hit water belly first , essentially intact , officials have said .  airbus a330s , a340s under directive in august to replace pitot tubes by thales avionic .
 pirates get 5 years in prison in first trial in europe <sec> new : pirates have two weeks to appeal .  trial thought to be the first of its kind in europe .  suspects captured after attack on ship in january 2009 .  they could have been sentenced to 9 to 12 year .
 obama urges young supporters to talk up obamacare <sec> president obama says health care reforms worth some gray hairs .  do n't get discouraged by partisan fight over obamacare , president says .  young americans are a key demographic for the success of obamacare .  with website working better , the administration launches a pro-reform campaig .
 are anti-isis airstrikes in syria aiding assad ? <sec> syria has said coalition strikes lack legitimacy but aim of striking isis is ok .  majid rafizadeh says in the short term , coalition strikes may help the assad regime .  but he says the coalition strategy fails to take the wider conflict into account .  the conflict will continue to escalate and syrian civilians will suffer , he say .
 japan , france vow to push for stronger global nuclear safety standards <sec> french president sarkozy , the current head of the g8 , visits japan .  japan 's prime minister says he 'll discuss the nuclear crisis at g8 and g-20 meetings .  sarkozy says of the need for nuclear standards : `` this is an issue of global safety .
 the $ 27,000 suitcase <sec> bob greene saw an ad for a $ 27k suitcase and thought it was a joke .  even in difficult economic times , extravagant luxury goods are for sale , he says .  he asks why people would pay so much for an item that gets jostled around and endures all weathe .
 german elections and europe 's economy : five things you need to know <sec> angela merkel has made big gains in germany 's election , and has a mandate to form a government .  her return signals a consistent approach to the eurozone 's crisis control .  a strengthened mandate means she may insist on more cuts as some euro nations struggle .  while the crisis has claimed the scalps of more boisterous leaders , merkel 's consistency has kept her in powe .
 commentary : obama 's olympic bid is for unity <sec> sarah hughes : obama is among other world leaders who have sought olympics .  she says games are about excellence and unity in support of u.s. teams .  she says michelle obama is showing she shares the olympic spiri .
 obama strikes back at christie on ebola <sec> chris christie struck a defiant tone in responding to ebola .  christie 's response shows the tone that will be on display if he runs for presiden .
 froome takes superb stage win as teammate wiggins claims tour yellow <sec> team sky 's chris froome wins seventh stage of the tour de france .  his teammate bradley wiggins takes over in the yellow jersey .  first hill top finish of the 2012 race proves decisive .  defending champion cadel evans finishes second on stag .
 thank you , iowa <sec> william howell says now that iowa caucus over , we should thank patient people of iowa .  he says some might pick a bigger , diverse , representative state for first caucus .  but he says iowa allows candidates equal time , no matter their campaign coffers .  howell : in iowa , candidates make their case up close , impossible in populous state .
 pirates seize ship off horn of africa <sec> the ship is seized off the coast of oman .  it has a crew of 22 on board .  another ship was seized in the same area last mont .
 police investigate alleged rape of mu swimmer sasha menu courey <sec> sasha menu courey killed herself in 2011 , about a year after she was allegedly raped .  questions are being raised about what the university of missouri knew , and when .  courey 's mother : `` we lost our daughter ... but we can make a difference for others .
 aid workers being shot , killed in somalia <sec> three aid workers have been shot over the last day in somalia , two of them fatally .  one victim worked for aid agency , dbg , which has suspended operations .  four world food program drivers of relief supplies killed this year .  somalis dependent on humanitarian aid since 1993 famine , ongoing war , drough .
 how to adopt a great cat <sec> cats live from 15 to 20 years , which equates a lot of expenses .  expect to drop around $ 1,000 for the privilege of owning a cat .  start your search with a walk through an animal shelter or by searching petfinder.org .  households with kids should opt for an adult cat that has a history of playing wel .
 chopsticks and soup spoons inspiration for china 's space tools <sec> hong kong 's professor yung kai-leung designs high-precision space tools .  one instrument uses a machine with chopstick-like pincers to extract samples .  another instrument uses the heat-resistant qualities of a chinese soup spoon to take samples .  a camera pointing system will work alongside robots on china 's lunar missio .
 thaksin 's wife returns to thailand to face graft charges <sec> thaksin shinawatra 's wife handed arrest warrant after she returns to thailand .  pojamarn shinawatra faces corruption charges that could imprison her for 20 years .  the case involves pojamarn 's 2003 purchase of some prime bangkok real estat .
 making sure 'motel kids ' do n't go hungry <sec> chef bruno serato serves up free pasta to hungry children in orange county , california .  many of the children live in motels because their families ca n't afford apartments .  serato 's service was inspired by his italian mother : `` her whole life was to feed kids '' .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2011 cnn heroe .
 kobe bryant 's wife files for divorce <sec> vanessa bryant cites `` irreconcilable differences , '' a court spokeswoman says .  the couple have been married for more than 10 years .  vanessa sat by kobe 's side after he admitted having sex with a teenage hotel cler .
 what really kept boston strong <sec> boston marathon takes place monday , two years after bombing , and sentencing phase of trial begins tuesday .  kayyem : it was n't the puritan ethic but good disaster response that kept the marathon bombing from being even wors .
 why i 'm not surprised hospital missed ebola <sec> communication errors in hospitals can be deadly .  the mistake in dallas got a lot of attention because ebola was involved .  similar , less high-profile mistakes , happen again and again , cohen say .
 'miracle ' restoration of haitian art in new exhibit <sec> a still life painting by haitian artist hector hyppolite was damaged in the earthquake .  gallery owner georges nader wanted to have it -- and thousands of other pieces -- restored .  in a troubled land , art serves a vital role as the nation 's memory .  the haitian government has been working with the smithsonian on restoration .  'saving grace , ' a show of 50 pieces of haitian art , opens in new york on frida .
 bennet claims victory in colorado , but opponent eyes options <sec> `` i wo n't let you down , '' bennet promises .  buck has yet to concede the race .  bennet was running for a full term after his 2009 appointmen .
 latinos wo n't forget romney 's 'anti-immigrant ' talk <sec> ruben navarrette jr. says mitt romney has been inconsistent on the immigration issue .  he says that on the campaign trail , romney had advanced a position that is anti-immigrant .  navarrette : but in florida romney has softened his stance .  he says that latinos do n't forget so easily romney 's previous anti-immigrant rhetori .
 mexican cartel leader 's wife gives birth in u.s. , official says <sec> birth certificates for twin girls leave blank the name of father .  joaquin `` el chapo '' guzman 's wife has twins in los angeles .  guzman 's operation is accused of trafficking tons of cocaine into u.s . .  wife emma coronel has joint u.s. , mexican citizenshi .
 chimp attack victim denied $ 150 million lawsuit against state <sec> a friend 's pet chimp mauled charla nash in 2009 .  the state should 've removed the chimp years ago , her attorney says .  there are no grounds for suing connecticut , officials say .  travis the chimp had appeared in tv commercials for coca-cola and old nav .
 pentagon plan on 'do n't ask , do n't tell ' ready for congress <sec> president has called on congress to repeal policy on gays in military .  defense secretary robert gates will discuss pentagon 's plan at tuesday hearing .  issues include cost of implementation , benefits for gay spouses , potential hate crime .
 saying goodbye to tokyo 's hotel okura <sec> main building of tokyo 's hotel okura will be torn down to make way for a bigger hotel in advance of 2020 olympics .  built in 1962 , hotel okura has remained largely untouched over more than five decades .  monocle magazine recently started a petition to save the old okur .
 opinion : it 's the technology , stupid <sec> khannas : technology now the most important source of power and well-being .  china 's superpower rise is directly attributable to its technological strategies , experts say .  next wave of job creation could come from green construction , say ayesha and parag khanna .  every citizen needs a higher tq : technology quotien .
 baby gorillas in congo getting a new playpen : paradise <sec> ndeze and ndakasi will move to the senkwekwe center in virunga national park .  about 200 of the world 's remaining 700 mountain gorillas live at the park .  the babies were found in 2007 when they were 2 months old ; their mothers were kille .
 french court allows noriega 's extradition to panama <sec> new : the timing of noriega 's transfer to panama is unclear .  france ordered noriega 's extradition earlier this year .  panama has requested the former dictator 's return to face charges .  noriega is accused of having a political rival in panama kille .
 soundgarden returns to indie days with new album <sec> soundgarden 's new album , `` king animal , '' is out november 13 .  it 's the band 's first all-new album since '96 's `` down on the upside '' and its '97 breakup .  soundgarden 's breakup was n't anything unusual : `` it was just time for a break .
 new york post 's headline on landlord 's slaying angers family , friends <sec> landlord menachem stark was suffocated , a law enforcement source says .  the new york post 's cover featured the headline `` who did n't want him dead ? '' .  the newspaper quotes disgruntled tenants and claims stark owed city fines .  family , jewish community leaders are angry and hurt by the headline , articl .
 american adventurer missing in mexico <sec> harry devert was on a motorcycle ride through mexico .  family and friends in new york have not heard from him in two weeks .  his last message mentions getting an `` escort out of some area .
 'nba 2k12 ' cover art to feature bird , magic , jordan <sec> each athlete will be shown separately on three distinct covers of the video game .  the artwork of each athlete is stylized and unique for 2k sports , created by adam larson .  nba 2k12 '' will be available on october 4 , 201 .
 alternatives to new year 's eve parties <sec> not everyone enjoys wild new year 's eve celebrations .  writer used night to get organized .  children add new dimension to evenin .
 oktoberfest closer to home : five u.s. festivals <sec> there are festivals around the country that overlap with oktoberfest .  seek out small festivals for rare flavors , beer experts say .  several festivals are expanding this year , with more events and many more beer .
 amid syria crisis , saudi prince bandar leaves intelligence ranks <sec> prince bandar bin sultan was appointed as the chief of intelligence in july 2012 .  he served as the country 's ambassador to the united states for 22 years until 2005 .  general staff yousif bin ali al-idreesi takes on role as acting chief of general intelligenc .
 long way to go in myanmar 's battle to reform <sec> more than 400 laws , from media to foreign investment , have been drafted , amended or reviewed .  but not all laws reach , reflect international human rights standards , zawacki says .  1982 citizenship law still exists and renders the ethnic minority rohingya population stateless .  zawacki : legal reform itself has a role to play in breaking through the glass ceiling of corruptio .
 somali group with al qaeda ties threatens israel <sec> al-shabab accuses israel of `` starting to destroy '' the al aqsa mosque .  `` we are committed to defend our palestinian brothers , '' al-shabab commander says .  it is not clear whether al-shabab has the capacity to carry out its threats against israel .  somalia has been mired in chaos since 1991 , when warlords overthrew its dictato .
 iranian film culture globally influential , critically acclaimed <sec> iran producing critically acclaimed work amid renewed passion for film .  films offer rare glimpse of cultural , individual diversity in country .  vbs travels to film festival in tehran to meet top directors , actor .
 stella mccartney : 'my parents opened doors and closed minds ' <sec> mccartney talks about the influence of her famous parents on her fashion career .  says she does n't see leather as luxury , as it 's mass produced .  wins prestigious women 's leadership award from lincoln center corporate fund .  believes it 's not sustainable to kill so many animals for shoes and handbag .
 iran 'plans to destroy baha'i community ' <sec> baha'i official denies iran claim that six of its leaders held for security reasons .  the religious minority 's leaders were arrested at their homes last week .  baha'i representative to u.n. says iran 's claim is `` utterly baseless '' .  bani dugal says muslim-run government is trying to destroy baha'i communit .
 villas-boas confirmed as chelsea boss <sec> chelsea confirms portuguese coach andre villas-boas as new manager .  villas-boas led porto to treble last season and succeeds carlo ancelotti .  former academica coach will become premier league 's youngest manager .  remi garde takes charge of seven-time french champions lyo .
 in russia 's 'low-key ' crimea invasion , the fight is over information <sec> new : crimea 's first vice-premier says situation is quiet .  new : ukrainian border official describes attack in kerch .  conflicting messages are coming from kiev and moscow .  crimea is last major stronghold opposing the new political leadership in ukrain .
 suspect in colorado theater killings to wear harness during trial <sec> new : judge : the jury wo n't be sequestered , can use phones and laptops outside court .  new : james holmes will wear a harness that the jury ca n't see , the judge says .  the trial of the man accused of killing 12 in a colorado movie theater should start in february .  the jury pool will have 5,000 people -- 1 of 90 residents in county -- spokesman say .
 report : alec baldwin in talks to host late night show on nbc <sec> nbc is apparently in early discussions with alec baldwin to host a talk show .  the show could possibly air at 1:35 a.m. -- same as `` last call with carson daly '' .  the 55-year-old actor won two emmys during his seven seasons on `` 30 rock .
 the world 's worst airports <sec> travelers rank hong kong , singapore and seoul airports as the world 's best .  which airports are the worst ? .  send your photos , videos to ireport .  crowded terminals ? .  terrifying airstrips ? .  rude staff ? .  sound off belo .
 ranger plunges to death on mount rainier <sec> the ranger falls more than 3,000 feet on mount rainier .  three injured climbers are removed from the mountain by helicopter .  a fourth climber is spending the night .  none of their injuries were life-threatenin .
 former edwards aide says he was intimidated by donors - cnnpolitics.com <sec> `` i was scared for my life , '' andrew young testified friday .  prosecutors argue that edwards broke federal law by accepting funds to hide mistress .  edwards ' attorneys say young was involved in ruse to extract thousands of dollar .
 nj legislator asserts 'laws have been broken ' in traffic scandal <sec> new : lawmakers will hold special session thursday to vote on extending probe .  new : gov . .  chris christie will still raise money for gop governor in florida next week .  christie 's team used public assets for retribution , says democrat leading probe .  it `` just strains believability '' that christie did n't know of lane closures , he say .
 source : nypd officer indicted in gurley shooting <sec> charges against officer peter liang are not revealed .  akai gurley , 28 , was shot and killed at a brooklyn housing project in novembe .
 prince william to meet obama , biden at white house <sec> the president will meet with prince william on monday .  the duke of cambridge will also meet with joe and jill biden .  william and his wife , kate middleton , will be in the u.s. for three day .
 john boehner 's next challenge <sec> house gop will elect boehner speaker on thursday .  boehner is n't facing a leadership challenge .  conservatives worry about boehner 's prioritie .
 why are young women more ambitious than men ? <sec> pew poll reports that young women have higher earning aspirations than young men .  kathleen gerson : young people 's actions appear at odds with what they say .  since traditional gender roles are eroding , young women value careers , says gerson .  she says new generation wants work life balance , but there are many challenge .
 'joey ' becomes recession hero after using marching band to quit job <sec> youtube video of man resigning with a marching band earns more than 2 million hits in a week .  `` joey quits '' is the `` embodiment of 'take this job and shove it , ' `` career consultant says .  video shows how social media let employees define circumstances of their depature .  video could hurt chances of getting a job down the road , depending on the employe .
 villa announce houllier start date <sec> gerard houllier will take control at aston villa after saturday 's match with bolton .  his first game in charge will be against blackburn rovers on september 22 .  milovan rajevac has become the new coach of saudi arabian side al ahl .
 police video : reese witherspoon in handcuffs <sec> atlanta police release video of witherspoon walking into jail early friday .  video of witherspoon 's disorderly conduct arrest may be coming soon .  `` do you know my name ? '' .  witherspoon asks the trooper .  `` i clearly had one drink too many , '' the actress says in her apolog .
 hillary clinton urges openness between u.s. , pakistan <sec> hillary clinton says she aims to address questions that americans are thinking about .  she says she wants frank talk about fight against terrorism , including u.s. concerns .  on thursday , she said she wondered why terrorists had n't been found and dealt with .  she said she was n't suggesting pakistan was complicit with al qaeda or did n't want to fight i .
 lahood to states : proceed with rail projects or give up stimulus funds <sec> governors-elect in ohio and wisconsin got letters from the transportation secretary .  the governors have stated objections to rail projects in their states .  ray hahood 's letter tells the governors they must proceed with the rail projects .  or return federal stimulus funds designated for high-speed rail project .
 will one of two destroyed buddha statues be reconstructed ? <sec> united nations begins forum , meetings on effort to preserve remains , other cultural aspects .  german scientist says one of the statues is a candidate for reconstruction .  two giant buddha statues were destroyed by the taliban in 2001 .  colossal figures once stood in afghanistan 's bamiyan valle .
 review : 'the words ' do n't add up <sec> bradley cooper , dennis quaid and jeremy irons play writers .  critic says the film has `` unusually high proportion of unconvincing performances '' .  film 's women are either doe-eyed with admiration or walking out the doo .
