 opinion : seeking dark matter , a mile underground <sec> meg urry : a mile down in an old gold mine , physicists search for `` dark matter '' particles .  urry : putting the experiment deep underground screens out particles other than dark matter .  we know dark matter only by gravitational effect , but it is most of the universe 's mass .  urry : nobody has seen it , but experiment shows earlier weak detections were not rea .
 bucking tradition , clinton to head for asia <sec> hillary clinton will bypass europe and travel to asia on her maiden voyage overseas .  u.s. secretary of state clinton expected to visit china , japan and south korea .  trip illustrates obama administration 's desire for a broader partnership with china .  trip also highlights commitment to resolving the north korean nuclear issu .
 rand paul makes surprise move on isis - cnnpolitics.com <sec> sen. rand paul threatened thursday to force a vote on a declaration of war against isis .  paul 's move came during an unrelated foreign relations committee meeting .  senators debate the role congress should play in approving military strikes .  senators agreed to push off action on isis until next wee .
 eddie van halen reinvents the guitar <sec> eddie van halen 's newly designed guitar is the wolfgang .  famed guitarist says band will tour again , with son reprising bassist role .  van halen due to be married soon .  reticent guitar player : `` the equipment speaks for itself .
 police arrest suspect in new orleans mother 's day shooting <sec> the shooting occurred on mother 's day .  the teen had been identified as a suspect earlier .  nineteen people were wounde .
 syria says it has weapons of mass destruction in case of foreign attack <sec> new : the opposition says at least 175 people had been killed across syria on monday .  the u.s. calls the potential use of chemical weapons `` completely unacceptable '' .  iraq opens border crossings to syrian refugees .  arab league offers syria 's president `` a safe exit '' if he quickly resigns , leaves countr .
 death toll rises to 3 in israeli airstrikes <sec> three killed in airstrikes carried out by israeli military along the gaza strip .  israeli defense forces said targets were a weapons shop and two smuggling tunnels .  palestinians say tunnels are used to transport basic food supplie .
 prison sentences for women as egypt clamps down on protest <sec> 14 women sentenced to prison after pro-morsy protest ; 7 girls get juvenile detention .  rights groups say sentencing is the latest in a `` series of politicized judicial rulings '' .  egypt 's military-backed government has brought in a new law limiting protests .  one student is killed in clashes with security in cairo , others are injure .
 9,500 jobs go in dhl restructuring <sec> german owners of dhl announce 9,500 job cuts .  owner deutsche post says u.s. air and ground operations to wind up .  officials in ohio had hoped to prevent job losse .
 bret michaels makes 'magic ' with michael anthony , joe perry on new lp <sec> `` bret michaels and friends : get your rock on '' will drop in september .  it will feature a number of artists including jimmy buffett , ace frehley , lil jon and loretta lynn .  michaels is n't done recruiting collaborator .
 american detained in pakistan moved by government <sec> new : gary faulkner moved to islamabad , brother says .  pakistani intel official : pakistani doctor says faulkner has psychological problems .  faulkner 's brother : `` he does n't meet any criteria for psychosis .
 cnn student news transcript : february 18 , 2011 <sec> find out why egypt can learn about its potential future from iran 's past .  consider the impact of the stimulus bill two years after it became law .  learn about a book that helped african-americans travel safely around the u.s . .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 ice chief of staff on leave on heels of dhs job discrimination lawsuit <sec> a discrimination suit was filed by the man who heads ice operations in new york .  james hayes claims he was passed over for promotions in favor of less-qualified women .  hayes cites alleged behavior by suzanne barr , chief of staff for the director of ice .  ice says the allegations are under review ; barr has taken paid leave of absenc .
 rights group urges iran not to blind woman 's attacker with acid <sec> new : isna : the acid punishment is postponed .  majid movahedi was convicted in 2008 of an acid attack on a woman .  he was sentenced to have five drops of acid in both eye .
 fans pay homage to hillsborough victims <sec> a special memorial has marked the 20th anniversary of hillsborough tragedy .  96 liverpool supporters died in crush at the leppings lane end of the stadium .  the taylor report into the deaths led to all-seater grounds in english footbal .
 bird strike that downed plane was by migratory species <sec> feather samples lead smithsonian institution to migratory canadian geese .  birds probably nested in canada 's labrador area and migrated to new york .  smithsonian has been conducting bird strike ids for faa , military for decades .  species weighs about 8 pounds , while plane engines built to handle 4-pound bird .
 pentagon : 2 russian aircraft buzzed u.s. warship <sec> two russian aircraft made separate close approaches to the uss taylor , officials say .  the activity was `` abnormal '' but not necessarily hostile , officials say .  the incidents were disclosed after russian military officials visited the pentago .
 atletico left frustrated as chelsea claim scoreless draw in first leg <sec> atletico madrid and chelsea play to scoreless draw in champions league .  few chances in semifinal first leg tie in vicente calderon in madrid .  chelsea lose petr cech and john terry to injuries .  real madrid host bayern munich in second semifinal wednesda .
 study : too many video games may sap attention span <sec> video games were at least as strong as tv at predicting attention problems , study said .  tv and video games have a similar relationship to attention problems .  aap recommends that parents limit `` screen time '' to less than two hours per da .
 harrowing search for ancestors at cape coast castle <sec> haitian american duwon steven clark returned to ghana in search of his ancestors .  he visited cape coast castle , one of more than two dozen `` slave castles '' on the coast .  four out of 10 west african slaves shipped to the americas never survived the journey .  clark 's ancestors did . .  he says his presence at the castle shows the slavers did not wi .
 helium prices balloon as supplies run out <sec> global production of helium has sharply fallen this year in the us and algeria .  sale of inflatable mickey mouse heads at disneyland in tokyo suspended .  companies in japan , the world 's leading helium importer , are looking for alternatives .  squeeze represents the second big shortage for the $ 500m helium market in five year .
 caribbean officials banned by fifa in cash-for-votes probe <sec> world football 's governing body fifa punishes caribbean officials .  quartet banned after meeting in which cash was allegedly offered for votes .  others were fined , warned and reprimanded for their involvement in may event .  meeting in question involved former fifa vice-president mohamed bin hamma .
 romney distorts truth on green jobs <sec> van jones : mitt romney was wrong to imply adminsitration spent $ 90 billion on solar , wind .  he says $ 21 billion spent on solar/wind , the rest on other green energy initiatives .  jones says romney was wrong to say investments were failures ; success rate was high .  he says it 's a good thing obama is against drilling on some public land .
 why we grieve teen idols : a tribute to davy jones <sec> davy jones died of a heart attack at age 66 wednesday .  the monkees frontman and token brit captivated audiences with his talent and charisma .  source : people looked up to jones as `` the first person who made them interested in music .
 tight airspace , poor communications hinder aid effort <sec> port-au-prince airport `` ca n't handle all the aid , '' oxfam spokesman says .  hundreds of planes trying to land at airport , which has one runway , military officer says .  oxfam : phone line damage makes it difficult for aid agencies to communicate .  northern haiti hospital : we have plenty of free beds , but no easy way to get patients her .
 pakistan court postpones bail decision for girl accused of burning quran <sec> the christian girl 's lawyer says she would be safer in hiding with her family .  she is accused of burning pages of the quran while gathering fuel for cooking .  her lawyer says she should be granted bail as a minor , citing a medical report .  the court adjourns until saturday after the legal validity of the report is querie .
 nypd commissioner ray kelly to join council on foreign relations <sec> new york police commissioner ray kelly will focus on counterterrorism at think tank .  the council on foreign relations credits him with modernizing the department .  controversial stop-and-frisk policy -- which kelly defends -- is part of his legac .
 protests of tuition increase continue on california campuses <sec> new : nearly 100 have been arrested at uc campuses over the past two days .  new : 41 demonstrators at berkeley cited for trespassing after taking over building .  higher-ed students across california have been protesting a 32 percent tuition hike .  university officials say fee hikes needed since they 've already made deep spending cut .
 opinion : why cigarettes are here to stay <sec> bob greene : cigarettes would never be accepted if they were just now being introduced today .  the fda has given up efforts to show grim disease photos on packs .  bloomberg wants merchants to hide cigarettes . .  u.s. has tense relationship with cigarettes .  greene : painted into a corner , the u.s. makes timid move .
 shailene woodley offered lead role for 'the fault in our stars ' <sec> shailene woodley will star in `` the fault in our stars '' .  she 'll play hazel grace lancaster in the adaptation of john green 's novel .  `` stars '' tells the story of two teenagers who meet in a cancer support grou .
 conan o'brien reclaims late-night spot with new cable show <sec> o'brien is returning after more than 9 months off the air .  actor seth rogen is scheduled to appear monday .  the host says rival jay leno is unlikely to be a guest on his new sho .
 eagle earns wood long-awaited first european tour title <sec> english golfer chris wood wins qatar masters by one shot after spectacular finish .  he heads off spanish veteran sergio garcia and south africa 's george coetzee .  the 25-year-old qualifies for next month 's wgc-accenture match play in arizona .  garcia denied a return to top-10 rankings as he tied for second place with coetze .
 opinion : rutgers coach and sports ' bully culture <sec> rutgers coach mike rice fired after video shows him kicking and bullying players .  john amaechi says this behavior is not rare , it is part of a damaging coaching culture .  we would never let french or math teachers abuse vulnerable kids this way , he says .  amaechi : abusive coaching is perpetuated from generation to generation and needs to sto .
 stop calling quake victims looters <sec> guy-uriel charles says calling some haiti quake victims looters advances a racial stereotype .  he says even after katrina criticism , media are quick to buy into this characterization .  he describes the desperate circumstances that might lead a victim to take food .  charles : reasons for taking matter , especially in a disaste .
 shopping carts turn up in the oddest of places <sec> february is return shopping carts to the supermarket month .  rogue shopping carts have been found used as grills , chairs and shelters .  stores report annual losses of more than $ 800 million globally due to cart theft .  stores enlist cart security systems in order to contain the proble .
 opinion : some feel the n-word is ok in 2014 <sec> crystal wright says the use of the n-word to describe the president was reprehensible .  an 86 year-old writer used the term in a recent headline in a new york newspaper .  in 1977 , wright 's family was refused admission into an all-white country clu .
 lebron james leads miami heat to nba championship <sec> miami heat won 2012 nba championship with a 121-106 win over oklahoma city thunder .  forward lebron james was awarded the finals mvp after scoring 26 points .  thunder coach scott brooks said the heat 's physicality won them championship .  thunder foward kevin durant said loss is toughest thing his young team has been throug .
 japanese court backs samsung in latest apple skirmish <sec> tokyo court rules that samsung did not infringe apple 's patents for its iphone and ipad .  case focused on technology used in some galaxy devices to transfer data to a computer .  samsung was last week ordered to pay $ 1b for copying look and feel of iphone , ipad design .  the two tech giants are locked in numerous patent disputes across the worl .
 thousands hit by brazil outbreak of dengue <sec> authorities : more than 55,000 cases of dengue reported this year in brazil .  the disease has killed 67 people this year in rio de janeiro state .  dengue hemorrhagic fever `` can be fatal '' if unrecognized and not properly treated .  cdc says there is no vaccine to prevent dengue or dengue hemorrhagic feve .
 fbi to probe murdoch 's company over sept. 11 allegation <sec> new : rupert murdoch says news corp. has handled the crisis `` extremely well '' .  us senator asks british officials to share information .  september 11 families deserve answers , the senator says .  the concerns appear linked to a british tabloid repor .
 kennedy brain surgery 'successful ' <sec> new : kennedy should not have any `` permanent neurological effects '' from surgery .  new : `` i feel like a million bucks , '' senator reportedly says after surgery .  chemotherapy and radiation will follow surgery in north carolina , statement says .  kennedy expected to stay at duke hospital for about a wee .
 opinion : republicans , do n't cave on shutdown <sec> newt gingrich : worst possible outcome on budget showdown would be if gop backed down .  he notes obama willing to negotiate with iran , russia and syria but not with gop .  he says getting elected does not give obama free rein to enforce his agenda on the unwilling .  gingrich : if house caves , it will confirm contempt obama and harry reid hold for republican .
 beijing 's new year surprise : pm 2.5 readings <sec> many residents in beijing have complained about worsening air pollution .  in november , environmental monitoring center reported `` slightly polluted '' .  u.s. embassy in beijing tweeted its real-time reading as `` hazardous '' .  experts say beijing 's adoption of pm2.5 shows growing influence of public opinio .
 2 killed in fireworks truck blast in north carolina <sec> two killed , three critically injured when truck carrying fireworks exploded .  the five were to set up fourth of july show on ocracoke island in outer banks .  truck blew up at the ocracoke island docks .  hatteras island ferry service suspended ; reopened midda .
 death penalty for british grandmother upheld in bali <sec> uk rights group reprieve says sandiford can not afford to pay for a further appeal .  the death penalty is upheld against lindsay june sandiford , 56 , for smuggling cocaine .  her lawyer argued that she acted under the threat of violence to her family .  british foreign and commonwealth office opposed the sentenc .
 indian state 's battle to build up its babies <sec> 2006 report showed that 40 % of maharashtra state 's children were underweight .  despite india 's two decades of economic growth , malnutrition remains alarmingly high .  maharashtra working with unicef on program that focuses on first 1,000 days of child 's life .  government-run anganwadi provide schooling , counseling and basic health car .
 cameras allowed in same-sex marriage trial <sec> california judge rules to allow cameras in a federal courtroom .  courtroom footage will not be streamed live , but will be uploaded on youtube daily .  lesbian couple and gay couple banned from marrying filed lawsuit .  proposition 8 , which bans same-sex marriage , was passed by voters 200 .
 trying to keep the family business afloat after sandy : 'it 's devastating ' <sec> ashley murray is the fifth generation to run liberty industrial gases .  superstorm sandy engulfed 80 % of her inventory in 4 feet of water .  it 's been devastating : `` it seems like there has to be more help , '' murray says .  she and her employees deploy hard work , generators and humor to keep things goin .
 former hacker testifies in manning hearing <sec> former hacker says he traded e-mails with someone he believes was manning .  witness says manning punched her in the face .  documents found on manning 's computers were seen later on wikileaks , investigator says .  the testimony came in a hearing to determine if manning will face a court martia .
 pacquiao promoter targets mayweather <sec> bob arum says his top rank firm will try to contact floyd mayweather junior .  mayweather is facing criminal charges after a dispute with his former girlfriend .  manny pacquiao is running out of possible opponents after beating antonio margarito .  filipino became first boxer to win titles in eight different weight categorie .
 'we 're not going to make it to shore , ' man says after plane hits icy hudson river <sec> two people were aboard a single-engine piper that crashed into the hudson river .  `` it 's freezing , '' man tells 911 operator as he and his instructor get out .  `` we were glad to get there quick , '' detective says of water rescue .  pair were taken to a medical center for minor injurie .
 photo emerges that might be last taken of lincoln <sec> ulysses s. grant 's great-great grandson took family photo to scholar for verification .  seal of photographer henry f. warren appeared on the back of photograph .  warren took the last three photographs of lincoln on march 6 , 186 .
 oil pipelines in nigeria attacked , company says <sec> royal dutch shell : pipelines attacked in eastern part of nigeria 's niger delta .  few details available ; company says remote area will make investigation hard .  company wo n't speculate on who was behind attacks .  militant group mend claimed it attacked an offshore facility earlier sunda .
 senior u.s. commander restricts humvee use in afghanistan <sec> senior commander restricts use of humvees in afghanistan .  now use of humvees outside military base must be approved by a colonel .  spokesman says decision is part of effort to improve protection for u.s. forces .  humvees ' flat bottom , low profile make it vulnerable to ied attack .
 justices deal with ten commandments display , florida murder appeal <sec> an ohio judge wanted to post the ten commandments in his courtroom .  the court rejected the appeal ; the aclu and aclj were on opposite sides of the case .  the justices ask florida to respond to an appeal in a florida capital cas .
 husband , female friend indicted in killing of muslim wife during ramadan stroll <sec> a muslim woman was shot and killed in 2011 while she was walking with her spouse .  her husband , who was wounded , first said assailants shouted `` slurs about terrorists '' .  authorities say the husband later told police he had arranged the shooting .  a grand jury thursday indicted the husband and a female frien .
 last of three prison escapees captured in indiana <sec> mark booher , a murderer , captured in a hotel room in indianapolis .  he and two others escaped july 12 , apparently through tunnels under prison .  one inmate captured day after escape ; another found at parents ' hom .
 famed panda to leave u.s. capital <sec> tai shan , a 4-year-old giant panda , is to be delivered to china next week .  a farewell party was held at the national zoo in washington on saturday .  he 'll be joined in china by mei lan -- a 3-year-old panda born at zoo atlanta in georgia .  they will take part in a breeding program aimed at increasing china 's panda populatio .
 examiner : heart-shaped adhesive found on tape covering caylee 's mouth <sec> new : court recessed for the day ; prosecution may rest tuesday or wednesday .  the judge says testimony could conclude by the end of next week .  no fingerprints were found on the duct tape , an fbi examiner testifies .  anthony is accused of killing her 2-year-old daughter , caylee , in 200 .
 'american idol ' recap : the top 13 announced <sec> jimmy iovine gave more frank and succinct criticism of the kiddies .  the six wild card contestants had to `` sing for their lives '' .  against all odds , the blessed steven tyler was honest with brielle von huge .
 from conquering fears to falling in love : your best moments of 2012 <sec> cnn asked people from all over the world to send in their best moments of 2012 .  from the philippines to scotland , hundreds of people sent their most memorable images .  submissions include exhilarating holidays , the birth of kids , the realization of dream .
 report : hundreds hit moscow streets urging end to ethnic violence <sec> about 1,500 people attend the `` moscow for everyone '' rally , state-run media reports .  the event aimed to promote peace after several incidents of violence .  the turmoil began with the killing of a krygyz migrant in a street brawl .  police clashed with protesters twice in subsequent days , arresting about 265 peopl .
 'the shield ' actor michael jace charged in wife 's shooting death <sec> no known domestic violence between jace and his wife , lapd says .  jace was under financial stress , fighting to keep his home , court docs say .  jace called 911 to report his wife was shot , a detective says .  playing an lapd detective in `` the shield '' is jace 's biggest and longest-running rol .
 legalize pot ? no , reform laws <sec> kevin sabet : pot still illegal from a federal perspective , despite laws in some states .  he says obama adminstration has been clear on this : pot carries serious health dangers .  he says legalization does n't bring tax windfall states imagine ; big tobacco eager to market pot .  sabet : we must fix worst part of current laws , like penalties , without upping addiction rate .
