 claim of octogenarian chimp prompts questions <sec> a florida primate sanctuary maintains cheetah was 80-plus .  primatologists say they are skeptical about the claim .  primatologists say chimps in captivity can live up to age 60 .  cheetah acted in tarzan movies in the 1930s , a sanctuary official say .
 virgin moves into formula 1 sponsorship <sec> virgin boss richard branson announces f1 sponsorship deal with brawn gp .  the sponsorship deal is branson 's first foray into the world of formula one .  brawn driver jenson button has pole position for season-opener in melbourn .
 north carolina primary : 5 takeaways <sec> gop establishment passes early test in family feud with tea party .  democrats quick to label senate candidate an `` extremist '' .  rand paul moves quickly to save face after curious endorsement .  fight over immigration turns out to be fizzle rather than fur .
 witnesses : tribal fighters take over major city in yemen <sec> after rebel gunmen take over taiz , witnesses say , government forces try to regroup .  saleh is in saudi arabia for treatment after being wounded .  a u.s. official says the unrest in yemen makes counterterrorism efforts `` more difficult .
 this family does live in a circus <sec> dad is a tiger tamer , mom hangs by her hair , and they travel with son .  life with a traveling circus includes one-room school and religious classes .  circus general manager and family travel to 36 cities each year .  parents say children learn from traveling , meeting workers from other countrie .
 how diamonds fuel africa 's conflicts <sec> much of war crimes trial of charles taylor centered on `` conflict diamonds '' .  conflict or `` blood '' diamonds are illegally traded to fund conflict in war-torn areas .  thousands in countries such as sierra leone are used as slaves to extract diamonds .  group pulls out of process to guarantee diamonds do not come from conflict zone .
 lightning kills one , injures 13 at california beach <sec> a man in his 20s was killed in a lightning strike at california 's venice beach .  emergency responders treated 13 people injured in the storm .  thunderstorms were in the forecast before deadly lightning strike .  fatalities from lightning strikes are rare in californi .
 onyewu : u.s. soccer 's best kept secret ? <sec> oguchi onyewu is the first u.s.-born player to be signed by ac milan .  onweyu was a star performer for the u.s. team in 2009 confederations cup .  the 27-year-old has nigerian parents and went to clemson universit .
 cops help dream up high-tech police car <sec> carbon motors ' e7 prototype is not your father 's crown victoria .  vehicle designed bumper to bumper by cops , for cops .  car features high-performance engine , integrated gadgets , ergonomic cockpit .  whether governments will buy it is the big unanswered questio .
 bumpy road ahead for london cabbie business <sec> the london taxi company has been ferrying passengers around the city for 60 years .  but the famous company no longer has a monopoly on the streets .  it is facing competition from the likes of mercedes and nissan .  the company must innovate to ensure it does n't struggle , as it has in the pas .
 israel : 'terror cell ' planned u.s. embassy attack <sec> new : `` i do n't think it is credible . .  it may have been aspirational , '' an analyst says .  israel 's intelligence agency says a three-man operation was planning a coordinated attack .  among the targets were the u.s. embassy , jerusalem convention center , the agency said .  iyad halil mohammad abu sara was one of the alleged operatives , authorities sai .
 fda to allow morning-after pill over the counter for 17-year-olds <sec> judge asks fda to weigh availability to women of all ages .  court ordered in march that plan b be made available otc to women over 17 .  the fda will not appeal the order .  emergency contraceptive prevents pregnancy after unprotected se .
 review : 'marley ' lovable , heartwarming <sec> `` marley & me '' works as both comedy about dog and profile of family .  owen wilson and jennifer aniston star in film version of memoir .  high marks for wilson , in particular , as newspaper columnist and dog owne .
 the power of nonviolent protest <sec> johnita due : the anger and frustration i saw in 1980 miami is repeated in 2015 baltimore .  she says teaching the power of nonviolent protest is essentia .
 deadly bombings worst iraq attack in two years <sec> obama condemns bombings , pledges u.s. support for iraq election .  death toll rises to 132 in suicide bombings , officials say .  two bombs explode outside government buildings in baghdad .  in august , at least 100 killed , dozens hurt in another twin bombin .
 gap : report of kids ' sweatshop 'deeply disturbing ' <sec> clothes giant fires contractor at center of child labor allegations .  allegations include children as young as 10 working 16 hours a day for no pay .  boy , 10 , tells british newspaper he was sold to a sweatshop by his parents .  gap : garments allegedly produced by the children will not be sold in store .
 the secret world of wwe figure collecting <sec> with a growing base of collectors , wwe figures have vastly improved .  laser scans give wwe wrestlers extra level of authenticity .  fans gather online to discuss what they hope to be valuable investment .
 health law opponent : 'congress made a bad situation worse ' <sec> karen harned speaks for the national federation of independent business .  harned : reforms that we advocated were the ones that ended up being cut .  if health law is upheld , it will `` create a command-and-control economy , '' she says .  her assessment of having reform struck down : `` we think the law is on our side .
 in 'raging bull ' copyright case , waiting too long to get into ring ? <sec> daughter of screenwriter filed copyright infringement case .  other side 's lawyers said she waited too long to make claim .  oscar-winning movie was about boxer jake lamott .
 iphone not coming to t-mobile this year , exec says <sec> t-mobile usa will not be carrying the iphone this year , an exec says .  the carrier has expressed its desire to carry apple 's phone , he says .  sprint will reportedly get the iphone next mont .
 real fight back to claim madrid derby win <sec> real madrid claimed a 3-1 win over rivals atletico in the copa del rey on thursday .  goals from sergio ramos , cristiano ronaldo and mesut ozil gave real their victory .  spanish strugglers almeria claimed a 1-0 victory at home to deportivo la corun .
 opinion : movie star convicted of 'insulting islam ' signals trouble for egypt <sec> egyptian actor adel imam found guilty of defaming islam in some of his movies .  the films are several years old and were approved by former president hosni mubarak 's censors .  comedian ronnie khalil says verdict will suppress creativity in egyp .
 tough racial issues face gop in minority outreach <sec> republican outreach to minority cited as a priority in new report .  the gop will have to work hard to gain trust , voters in minority communities .  previous gop policy positions on immigration , entitlements a hurdle for some minorities .  some platform changes may be needed in order to win over more minority voter .
 no more dumb old dad : changing the bumbling father stereotype <sec> fathers like chris routly are fed up with their portrayal as inept buffoons on tv .  routly created a petition against huggies commercials that showcased clueless dads .  huggies revamped its ad campaign after routly and others objected to i .
 top 10 u.s. water parks making a splash <sec> nearly 11 million people visited the top 10 u.s. parks last year .  two of disney 's florida water parks attracted the most visitors .  five of the most visited water parks in the u.s. are in florid .
 life under apartheid : demeaning , often brutal <sec> apartheid was more than racial segregation .  it was a brutalizing regime of laws that ripped families apart and led to violence .  nelson mandela is revered for his role in helping bring down the syste .
 mayor bloomberg 's giving to alma mater tops $ 1 billion <sec> nyc mayor 's latest gift to johns hopkins is $ 350 million .  that makes for a total of $ 1.1 billion over 45 years .  donation will go toward a `` transformational '' academic initiative .  bloomberg took out loans to attend hopkins in the 1960 .
 prince william and kate launch lifeboat in first official engagement <sec> prince william and kate have conducted their first official engagement together .  the couple attended a lifeboat naming ceremony in anglesey , north wales .  the pair currently live in anglesey while prince william serves as an raf pilo .
 fema declares 6 north carolina counties disaster areas after floods <sec> fema has declared federal disaster areas in six north carolina counties .  those who qualify can receive up to $ 240,000 to repair or replace homes .  heavy rains from tropical storm nicole hit eastern n.c. in early october .  420 homes were damaged , including 60 that were destroye .
 kansas house oks bill allowing refusal of service to same-sex couples <sec> gay and lesbian couples in kansas may be refused service more often .  a bill protects individuals , groups and organizations that turn them away for religious reasons .  it `` seeks to enshrine discrimination , '' rights group leader says .  if one employee refuses to serve , the employer must ask others t .
 philippines : u.s. marine id 'd for transgender death <sec> philippine police : private first class scott pemberton will be charged with murder .  he is suspected in the death of 26-year-old jeffrey laude , also known as jennifer .  police report : laude 's body showed signs of strangulation .  her body was found with her head in a toile .
 4,000 brazilians evacuated as dike bursts after heavy rains <sec> 4,000 in rio de janeiro state are evacuated after floodwaters open a 20-meter-wide crater .  rains have caused problems in minas gerais state , killing 8 and spurring 10,000 to be evacuated .  january is traditionally a wet , rainy and sometimes deadly month in januar .
 stampede at shanghai new year 's celebration kills 36 <sec> shanghai police rule out rush for `` dollar coupons '' as cause of stampede .  `` i was surrounded by the sounds of girls crying and shouting for help , '' one man says .  thirty-six people are killed , 47 injured , government says ; many victims reportedly student .
 soap opera helping rwandans heal <sec> `` musekeweya , '' or `` new dawn , '' is a popular soap opera in rwanda .  the radio show conveys a message of reconciliation decades after genocide .  dutch photographer anoek steketee explored the show 's effect on rwandan society .  view high-resolution photos of steketee 's `` love radio '' projec .
 copts return to scene of deadly bombing in egypt <sec> worshippers at church where blast occurred mourn the loss of fellow congregants .  an explosion saturday killed at least 21 people and injured 97 others .  a church spokesman downplays reports of sectarianism in the region .  the egyptian president has vowed to find the perpetrators of the attac .
 vote to ax ole miss chancellor dan jones riles alums <sec> state board voted 9-2 last week not to renew contract for chancellor dan jones .  students , faculty stage demonstrations , as wealthy donors vow to reel in funding .  author john grisham , former quarterback archie manning denounce mov .
 everyday chemicals may be harming kids , panel told <sec> cnn 's dr. sanjay gupta is a witness at tuesday 's hearing .  the issue was the focus of the cnn special `` toxic america '' .  sen. frank lautenberg of new jersey is holding hearing in his home stat .
 house republicans want to cut wic by 10 % <sec> wic has been running a surplus in 2011 , and that money could be used to fill any funding reduction .  republicans also passed cuts to planned parenthood , arts , heating subsidies .  senate democrats are proposing $ 41 billion of their own cuts .  a spending plan must be approved by march 4 to avoid a government shutdow .
 captain acquitted of central charge 11 years after spain oil spill <sec> new : the court did not assign any damages .  an appeal in the case is possible .  tanker captain is acquitted of environmental crime ; 2 others acquitted altogether .  the massive 2002 oil spill blackened hundreds of miles of coastline in spain and franc .
 judo sparring partner and personal banker : 10 of putin 's closest aides target by sanctions <sec> the list of russians targeted includes some of vladimir putin 's closest aides .  highest-ranking politicians and influential businessmen are among those listed .  informal aides and long-term allies to putin are banned from traveling to eu and the u.s .
 5 things to know about the muslim holiday of eid al-adha <sec> the muslim religious holiday eid al-adha begins friday and ends monday .  eid mubarak and eid saeed are greetings used during the holiday .  eid al-adha is also known as the feast of sacrifice or greater ei .
 sharapova suffers fresh setback after elbow injury <sec> maria sharapova faces between three to six weeks sidelined with elbow injury .  russian tennis ace aggravated the injury during fourth round defeat in indian wells .  sharapova was sidelined for 10 months after having shoulder surgery in 2008 .  she remains highest paid sportswoman in the world after signing new deal with nik .
 europe fractures even as it shakes off recession <sec> the crisis has driven a wedge through europe , with two economies emerging and a psychological split , leaders say .  jean-claude trichet , mario monti and joaquin almunia joined richard quest to debate the region 's future .  they feared a two class europe more than a two economy europe .  they say there is still long hard road ahead of europe before it recover .
 intriguing people for march 3 , 2010 <sec> renowned muslim scholar condemns all terrorism .  education historian changes mind , says no child left behind is wrong approach .  tiger woods ' college girlfriend remembers him as `` loyal , devoted and self-­controlled .
 michael boatwright , navy vet with amnesia , arrives in sweden <sec> michael boatwright has dissociative amnesia .  he does n't speak english anymore and now speaks only swedish .  his ex-girlfriend is helping him get his life together in swede .
 humpback whale tangled up in synthetic line off hawaii <sec> the whale is swimming around the big island , dragging a red buoy with it .  `` it is not too easy to detangle a 40 ton animal , '' noaa official say .
 baby 's arrival surprises british base in afghanistan <sec> a british soldier at camp bastion in afghanistan gives birth to a baby boy .  the british ministry of defence did n't know soldier was pregnant when she deployed .  she 'll be brought back to the united kingdo .
 is apple 's new iphone ios 7 good for travelers ? <sec> new ios7 offers easier way to sort and scroll through photos -- a big plus .  app store suggests locally popular apps .  older ios 6 passport app is still the best travel-related resource .  another new feature -- turn-by-turn audio navigation for walker .
 li na beats sharapova in birmingham final <sec> li na beats maria sharapova 7-5 6-1 in aegon final in birmingham , england .  li of china claims first title of the season and maiden win on grass .  sharapova , who won the event in 2004 and 2005 , served seven double fault .
 fort hood shooting report faults fbi handling of accused shooter 's e-mails <sec> report says nidal hasan wrote numerous e-mails to anwar al-awlaki .  messages were not passed on to proper authorities , report says .  hasan is accused of killing 13 , wounding 32 in fort hood shootin .
 webber 's 2011 debut cut short as alonso and vettel impress <sec> ferrari 's fernando alonso fastest in the second day of f1 testing for 2011 .  tuesday 's leader sebastian vettel second for world champions red bull .  but german 's teammate mark webber 's session ends after only 17 laps .  lewis hamilton is fourth ahead of the launch of the new mclaren on frida .
 it 's going to be soggy and scorching in u.s . <sec> dozens rescued from flooding on july fourth in panama city beach , florida .  flash flood watch continues in southeast alabama , georgia , florida panhandle on friday .  new york city , boston and philadelphia are expected to sweat in high heat .  california 's extreme heat is expected to break saturda .
 46 inmates injured in oklahoma prison riot <sec> there were multiple fights reported inside north fork correctional facility .  forty-six were injured , but there were no fatalities .  the facility is back in order , prison officials sa .
 5 scary good healthy halloween recipes <sec> these halloween recipes are healthy and fun alternatives to popular treats .  try chocolate-covered fruit , a veggie cockail , jello brains or peanut butter pumpkin .
 hofstra student killed in home invasion <sec> home invasion occurs in uniondale , new york .  hofstra junior lived with her twin , other students .  andrea rebello was killed , along with suspec .
 latin america sees its first same-sex marriage <sec> alex freyre and jose maria di bello marry at the southern tip of argentina .  it 's the first legal same-sex marriage in latin america .  they have a been through a series of court rulings ; legality of union still may be tested .  brazil , colombia , ecuador addressing issue of same-sex civil union .
 ritz-carlton gives kyoto its first super-luxury hotel <sec> kyoto is one of japan 's top travel destinations , yet branded hotels are few .  ritz-carlton , kyoto is the luxury brand 's fourth japan hotel .  four seasons kyoto due to open in 2016 .  `` travel will inevitably increase with two new five-star world-class brands , '' says luxury travel ce .
 powell : both gates , police could have handled things better <sec> ex-secretary of state says harvard professor should have stopped to think .  powell also faults cambridge police for escalating the situation .  former alaska governor is `` fascinating figure , '' he says .  powell says north korean negotiators are second to non .
 world 's second-oldest man known dies at 113 <sec> james sisnett is celebrated as a witness to history on his native barbados .  he was likely the second oldest man alive when he died at 113 .  as a child , he may have heard the news of the first airplane flight .  sisnett was born in the 19th centur .
 'hurt and anger ' from thatcher policies still felt , dean says <sec> dean : `` we still have n't come to terms with the hurt and the anger '' thatcher 's policies left .  the very rev . .  david ison will welcome mourners to st. paul 's for margaret thatcher 's funeral .  the pain her policies left is being revived by the current government 's policies , ison says .  britain must examine the relationship between rich and poor in society , he say .
 the forgotten godfathers of black american sport <sec> first black american sports stars were n't basketball players -- they were jockeys .  many became skilled horse handlers while working as slaves in the south .  today , just a few black jockeys compete on u.s. race tracks .  horse racing now dominated by latino rider .
 cleveland kidnapping suspect pleads not guilty to 977 counts <sec> ariel castro is arraigned on a fresh 977-count indictment .  prosecutors : the indictment covers the entire period of the alleged captivity .  castro is accused of holding three women against their will for close to a decade .  the judge repeatedly tells castro to keep his eyes open during the arraignmen .
 a loss for lance , a win for oprah <sec> lance armstrong admitted using performance enhancing drugs in interview .  howard kurtz says the cyclist failed key test of appealing for public 's sympathy .  he did n't seem contrite , did n't show any sign of soul-searching over cheating .  kurtz : oprah showed her ability to land a big interview and to reclaim stardo .
 philae missing comet lander mystery to be solved by rosetta ? <sec> rosetta is to begin listening for signs that the lander has survived the cold and dark .  from lander pictures , mission controllers think philae is tucked up underneath a cliff face .  philae has already detected organic chemicals on the comet surfac .
