 what 's behind dissing of the president ? <sec> dean obeidallah : a reporter from right-wing site heckled obama as he talked about immigration .  he says heckling from irish-born reporter part of right 's campaign to delegitimize obama .  he says incidents include wilson 's `` you lie , '' trump seeking obama 's grades .  obeidallah : expect to see more disrespecting of the president as `` the other '' during campaig .
 universal studios blaze burns sets , video vault <sec> new : three firefighters suffer minor injuries battling blaze , official says .  blaze destroys `` king kong '' exhibit , damages video vault , officials say .  area looks like `` disaster movie , '' los angeles city councilman says .  broadcast of mtv movie awards wo n't be affected , representative say .
 prince william to leave military service , devote time to charities <sec> new : william will become president of a group fighting the illegal wildlife trade .  william was a pilot with the royal air force search and rescue force .  he was known to his raf comrades as flight lt. wale .
 why putting a cat on a diet is n't easy <sec> hogue says when the vet talked about the risk of diabetes , she knew something had to be done .  sureflap can be programmed to read a pet 's microchip , denying access to unapproved guests .  u.s. customers use sureflap on internal doors , opting to separate cats or limit food acces .
 why i ca n't watch 3d tv <sec> the author 's eyes will not let him see 3d images on a tv or movie screen .  a small but significant percentage of the population can not see 3d images .  they may be left behind by hollywood and tv makers ' rush to 3d technology .  tv makers say users can turn off 3d display features and just view content in 2 .
 pentagon : mass evacuation of yazidis in iraq unlikely <sec> the u.n. declares its highest level of emergency .  u.s. military assessment determines far fewer yazidis trapped than feared .  100 yazidi women and children are being held captive , isis commander tells cnn .  ''i can confirm those women and children have entered mosul , '' isis commander say .
 electric vehicle company expanding u.s. imprint to indiana <sec> eco-friendly vehicle company moving into rv plant in indiana .  roosevelt hotel opening in new orleans after four years in the dark .  newspaper providing free classified ads for job hunters for one sunday .  plant that makes solar panels opens this week in new mexic .
 roma draws cagliari , unable to reclaim top spot in serie a <sec> roma remain unbeaten but juventus stay top following sunday 's 2-0 win at livorno .  cagliari hold roma to 0-0 draw at stadio olimpico .  west brom and aston villa play out entertaining 2-2 draw in english premier leagu .
 olympic security firm g4s may lose $ 77m over guard shortfall <sec> g4s says it `` deeply regrets '' it is unlikely to deliver all the promised security staff .  the company stands to lose up to $ 77m , it says .  the government said this week it will bring in 3,500 extra troops to cover the gap .  the london olympics open in less than two week .
 mickey mouse brings disney diplomacy to iran theme park <sec> disney characters make unexpected appearances all over tehran 's amusement parks .  theme park expert stefan zwanzger says iran is home to one of the world 's worst roller coasters .  zwanzger has visited 150 theme parks on five continent .
 north korea makes peace pledge in new year column <sec> some analysts say north korea might be trying to buy time with new outreach .  analysts say north korea also desperate to break out of diplomatic isolation .  pyongyang had declared six-party talks `` dead '' in apri .
 'pillar of cloud ' spreads dust of war across middle east <sec> israel-gaza conflict nothing new , but current violence is taking place in a very different middle east .  yossi mekelberg says region 's political , social landscape changed by the arab spring .  mekelberg : new regimes ' instinct is sympathy with people of gaza , hamas government .  israel 's lack of political wisdom in learning from the past is alarming , says mekelber .
 what 2016 presidential candidates ca n't avoid <sec> frida ghitis : voters usually more influenced by pocketbook issues .  but next president will have to decide how america will fight isis , she say .
 suspected terrorists could periodically question indefinite detentions <sec> draft order would give suspects a chance to challenge their detention .  the supreme court ruled in 2008 that captives had a right to revie .
 more women held for driving while intoxicated , study finds <sec> arrests of women driving drunk rose 30 percent from 1998 to 2007 .  fewer men were arrested for such violations , though they still outnumber women .  mothers against drunk driving president speculates about increased pressure .  law enforcement cracking down over labor day holida .
 her smoking car problem <sec> an oil-thirsty engine and smoke coming from car 's tailpipe are signs of trouble .  bad valve seals or worn guides , clogged pcv valve , worn piston rings among causes .  white smoke : water condensation from blown head gasket , too much gas .  blue smoke : engine oil is being burned in the combustion chambe .
 mubarak trial wo n't be televised , judges rule <sec> some anti-mubarak activists welcome the banning of cameras , but others are angry .  judges combine the cases against egypt 's former president and interior minister .  the former president is charged with corruption and ordering killings .  amnesty international says more than 800 people died during the revolution against mubara .
 peerless djokovic extends winning run in beijing <sec> novak djokovic thrashes tomas berdych 6-0 6-2 in china open final .  fifth title in beijing for world number one djokovic .  maria sharapova claims wta title in chinese capital .  kei nishikori triumphs in home tournament in toky .
 suspects in craigslist killing plead guilty <sec> miranda barbour and her husband are charged with murder in pennsylvania .  police said they met the man through a craigslist companionship ad .  miranda barbour has claimed to have killed at least 22 peopl .
 i 'm grateful my husband served in afghanistan , not iraq <sec> rebekah sanderlin : to many americans , afghanistan is the `` good '' war , as opposed to iraq .  iraq was the war that many never understood nor supported , sanderlin says .  like many in military families , i never thought of them as being separate wars , she says .  sanderlin : i hope americans know that those who served in iraq did so honorably and nobl .
 10 odd celebrity endorsements <sec> dita von teese is teaming up with perrier for their new `` paparazzi '' line this summer .  bradshaw ( parker ) will be using an hp because of a partnership with hewlett-packard .  jennifer aniston 's ad for smart water shows the acress posing with rock-hard ab .
 libya proposed swapping jets for dutch prisoners <sec> three dutch navy personnel were captured by libyan forced on february 27 .  they were trying to evacuate a dutch citizen by helicopter .  maltese officials : libya wanted the planes of two defecting pilots to release the three .  the swap was refused , and the dutch prisoners were still release .
 putin : gays , lesbians welcome in sochi for olympics <sec> putin : we 're doing `` everything '' to ensure all feel comfortable in sochi .  controversial law prompted calls for boycott of february 's winter games .  law prohibits distribution of info to minors that promotes same-sex relationship .
 this week on marketplace middle east : 21 february <sec> despite having fourth largest oil reserve in world many iraqis still living in harsh poverty .  families in baghdad 's sadr city turn to garbage dumps to look for items to sell .  mme talks to lebanese pm about how war in neighboring syria is affecting his countr .
 google exec : we wo n't break users ' trust <sec> the man behind social network google+ defends the company 's privacy policy at sxsw .  `` if we do things that are evil , with one click you can leave google , '' vic gundotra says .  gundotra says google+ is an important part of the `` new google '' that shares user info across product .
 opinion : earn less to land a husband ? <sec> conservative activist phyllis schlafly says equal pay is bad for women .  peggy drexler : her case that equal pay hurts women 's odds of marrying is flawed .  drexler says reducing financial independence for women does n't empower them .  we need to reduce gender-based salary discrimination , drexler say .
 san francisco tour guide 's chinatown rant goes viral <sec> san francisco tour guide 's chinatown tirade caught on video .  her curse-filled tirade has gone viral on youtube .  she ranted about noise , food choices and assimilatio .
 source : isis cell looking to kidnap more westerners <sec> isis has beheaded hostages for propaganda purposes and traded some for ransom .  middle east security source said group could target lebanon and jordan .  there are many camps near the borders housing refugees -- and aid worker .
 gearing up for prevention : the hajj meets h1n1 <sec> health officials fear hajj could help spread h1n1 virus .  muslims from all over the world travel to mecca for hajj .  authorities offer advice on how to minimize risk .  hajj will provide real test for disease detection , official say .
 leaked documents reveal 'xbox 720 ' plans <sec> a leaked 56-page document from microsoft reveals plans for an `` xbox 720 '' system .  the document , which dates back to mid-2010 , has been removed since its discovery .  notable features include xbox smartglass , blu-ray support and cloud-based gaming .  microsoft 's goal is to sell 100 million units at around $ 299 each in 201 .
 authorities release evidence in 34-year-old case <sec> tracey neilson was stabbed to death january 5 , 1981 .  police say they have followed over 1,500 leads .  police released a picture of a cable repair ticket book to help id initials in the boo .
 israel releases 26 palestinian prisoners <sec> the release comes ahead of a visit by u.s. secretary of state john kerry .  the move was aimed at `` resuming the diplomatic process '' .  palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas greeted many of the freed prisoners personall .
 on-message with social media ? good luck with that <sec> mitt romney 's nonresponse on the limbaugh furor gained momentum on twitter .  left-leaning blogs picked it up , and hours later , romney commented .  rick santorum is the polar opposite of romney in his relations with medi .
 electric unicycles : one-wheeled wonders of commuting <sec> electric unicycles are being trialed in britain with more than 100 mailmen .  the rugged one-wheeled devices can go 12mph and have a range of 28 miles .  the unicycles can even recharge their own batteries when going downhill .  airwheel says businessmen have been snapping up the devices for commutin .
 lawyers : zimmerman whispered 'punks ' before shooting trayvon martin <sec> zimmerman said , `` f -- -ing punks '' in 911 call , his attorneys say .  forensic audio expert tom owen agrees the word was `` punks , '' not a racial slur .  owen provided cnn with a copy of the processed audio revealing `` punks '' comment .  owen also disputes that it was zimmerman yelling on another 911 recordin .
 family finds hong kong fortune in hats <sec> `` everybody has opportunities in hong kong , '' ngan po ling , pauline says .  mainland chinese siblings began their fortune in headwear making .  pauline 's company is the beijing olympics ' licensed headwear manufacturer .  parents ' upbringing and tough life experiences in china paved their succes .
 'pumpkinsteins ' are not your average pumpkin <sec> tony dighera has been experimenting with pumpkins and molds .  his `` pumpkinsteins '' go for $ 100 or more .  next year , he hopes to make 40,000 pumpkinsteins .  he also plans to grow skulls next yea .
 fedex cup : mcilroy and horschel lead chase for $ 10m jackpot <sec> rory mcilory fires a third round 67 to tie the lead at tour championship .  northern irishman on nine-under par alongside america 's billy horschel .  jim furyk two shots back on seven under as 29-strong field chase $ 10m priz .
 american woman infected with ebola arrives in u.s . <sec> new : nancy writebol is very weak but has shown signs of improvement .  the missionary , who was working in liberia , has arrived back in the united states .  she is only the second known ebola patient to be treated in the united states .  a man in saudi arabia who was in sierra leone has symptoms of viral hemorrhagic feve .
 guitar hero : what went wrong ? <sec> it 's an ignominious exit for a title that was touted as the first great franchise of the 21st century .  the series felt like it was running out of great rock anthems for users to emulate .  `` guitar hero '' was created in 2005 by indie studio redoctan .
 ex-florida deputy arrested after 23 years on the lam <sec> joseph keenan may , 60 , is arrested in alaska , where he lived for years as a fugitive .  the former florida sheriff 's deputy has been wanted since 1991 for capital sexual battery in bradenton .  he allegedly lived under the identity of a stepbrother who died in the 1970 .
 from wasteland to recycling waste : malmo 's eco district <sec> a defunct shipyard in the city of malmo , sweden , has been transformed into a green , sustainable district .  the bo01 project created a residence where 100 percent of energy comes from renewable sources .  food waste is converted into biogas for use in local buses .  the project did n't meet all goals but has set an example now used in eco-projects in other parts of the worl .
 china set to provide first swine flu vaccines <sec> china has approved a swine-flu vaccine and is set to begin inoculations .  sinovac biotech has developed the vaccine , suitable for those aged three to 60 .  there have been 5592 recorded cases of h1n1 in china 's 31 inland province .
 art in china : on script and cutting edge ? <sec> chinese authorities are wary of performance art , partly due to an incident in 1989 .  an artist fired two shots at her installation ; she and her boyfriend were briefly detained .  wang chunchen is curating the chinese pavilion at this year 's venice biennale .  taboo subjects must be avoided he says , like tiananmen and overly explicit scene .
 people , crops and fish suffer in china heat wave <sec> shanghai experiences its hottest july in at least 140 years .  dozens of people have died from heat-related causes in recent weeks , state media report .  a meteorological agency has issued its second-highest national alert .  local authorities are resorting to cloud-seeding methods to try to induce rai .
 pennsylvania baseball team awards man a free funeral <sec> steve paul to receive a funeral package valued at nearly $ 10,000 .  it includes a free casket , body removal and preparation , and use of a local funeral home .  paul 's heartfelt essay addresses his struggle with lou gehrig 's diseas .
 'hits-for-cash ' bounty scandal rocks national football league <sec> nfl : as many as 27 players took part in the `` bounty '' program .  former saints defensive coordinator gregg williams admits to paying for hits .  williams : `` we knew it was wrong while we were doing it . '' .  investigation grows to include washington redskin .
 supermarket clerk : the mom of missing missouri girl was happy <sec> new : supermarket clerk : mom of the missing baby never seemed depressed .  investigator bill stanton says he wants a `` happy ending '' .  lisa turned 11 months on tuesday , the eighth day of the search .  she was last seen in her crib the night of october .
 villa penalty earns barca draw in russia <sec> barcelona draw 1-1 at rubin kazan in champions league group d match .  david villa levels with a penalty after christian noboa put rubin ahead from the spot .  panathinaikos with play copenhagen in the other group d encounter on wednesda .
 new york pushes nfl on discrimination due to sexual orientation <sec> new york 's attorney general asks nfl to explicitly state it wo n't tolerate sexual orientation bias .  some prospects said teams asked them about girlfriends in skills audition last month .  the nfl , headquartered in new york , has said it already has policies in plac .
 expert : social networkers risk 'losing control ' of privacy <sec> expert : social-networking site users risk losing control of personal information .  facebook backed down from changing content ownership policy after user revolt .  sites have to balance legal requirements , making policies on data use clear .  young people in particular should be careful about what they post onlin .
 van halen postpones 31 concert dates <sec> van halen will perform in minnesota on saturday .  the band formed in 1974 .  van halen was inducted in the rock and roll hall of fame in 200 .
 marijuana laws vary by state <sec> only four states have legalized recreational marijuana use .  twenty-seven states and d.c. have legalized medical marijuana use and/or decriminalized possessio .
 obama afghanistan strategy : more troops in quickly , drawdown in 2011 <sec> 30,000 troops to be deployed within six months , president obama says .  obama : more troops would quicken transfer of responsibility to afghanistan .  obama wants most u.s. troops out of afghanistan in 3 years , officials say .  president : goals are to deny al qaeda a safe haven and reverse taliban 's momentu .
 abu ghraib head finds vindication in newly released memos <sec> retired army col. janis karpinski was punished over abu ghraib interrogations .  abu ghraib photos showed naked prisoners and prisoners with dogs .  memos from bush administration reccommended such tactics .  karpinski says she and other disciplined soldiers were treated unfairl .
 ebola : 11 african nations ok plan to tackle epidemic <sec> new : uganda announces extra screening for people arriving from ebola-affected nations .  african nations agree on a joint strategy to try to stop spread of ebola virus .  `` it 's time for concrete action to put an end to the suffering and deaths , '' health official says .  traditional practices around care for the sick and funerals aid in ebola 's spread , who say .
 stressed soldiers sue for disability benefits <sec> soldiers : army denied them disability rating , so they were denied benefits .  lawsuit filed by veterans advocacy group on behalf of vets with ptsd .  in october , army ordered all future ptsd sufferers to be eligible for benefits .  soldiers want eligibility to go back six year .
 world 's best restaurant views <sec> 11 restaurants that marry heavenly views with multi-starred menus .  diners at eagle 's eye restaurant in british columbia survey snow-capped peaks .  at ambrosia , santorini 's sea-filled volcanic crater provides a rocky perc .
 wild oats wins sydney-hobart race in record time <sec> wild oats xi breaks its own record to win sydney-hobart yacht race for sixth time .  finishes in time of one day , 18 hours , 23 minutes and 12 seconds to claim victory .  second-placed ragamuffin loyal avoids time penalty after ruling over start incident .  living doll becomes the first yacht in 76-strong fleet to withdraw , suffering broken rudde .
 mancini insists title race not over ; swansea claim league cup <sec> manchester city beat chelsea 2-0 in the english premier league .  goals from yaya toure and carlos tevez seal win at etihad stadium .  city 12 points behind local rivals manchester united in epl title race .  swansea thrash minnows bradford to win the english league cu .
 dozens injured in 70-vehicle pileup on icy massachusetts road <sec> two people were seriously hurt , massachusetts state police say .  about 65 cars and several commercial trucks were involved .  drivers came over a hill and were unable to stop in time when they encountered the scen .
 opinion : the woman who explained the female orgasm <sec> thomas maier : virginia johnson , who has died , helped women take control of their sexuality .  from modest beginnings , she partnered with william masters on revolutionary sex research .  she and masters took on subjects not discussed , like women 's multiple orgasms .  maier : masters said their research depended on her ; she helped change the terms of se .
 campaigning gets major -- in hollywood <sec> jo piazza : campaign of prettier people with better hair rages on in hollywood .  campaigning costs more than $ 100 million a year , but stakes are huge , she says .  piazza : spin , trade ads , publicists , party planners , consultancies cost fortunes .  stars do as much glad-handing and promoting , she says , as politicians in election seaso .
 obama wins , but can he move the economy from triage to rehab ? <sec> obama plans to introduce tax hikes on highest earners and keep middle class tax cuts .  as a candidate , obama also talked of taking a more muscular approach to china on trade .  stopping the u.s. from going over the fiscal cliff , however , looms foremost for obama .  biggest unknown is how obama will tackle the mounting u.s. defici .
