 grim homecoming for colorado soldier <sec> capt . .  immanuel mgana returned to colorado springs from his station in africa .  his home was destroyed by the waldo canyon fire .  he and his wife learned about their home 's fate from a denver post photo .  his wife and three children had evacuated hours earlie .
 airbus will fund third search for crash debris <sec> aircraft manufacturer airbus ready to fund third search of atlantic ocean .  it wants to help find debris from the crash of air france flight 447 last month .  all 228 people on board were killed ; plane 's flight recorders still missin .
 private exchanges : obamacare shopping still not ready <sec> three online companies that enroll obamacare consumers say problems persist .  ehealth.com ceo says process is n't even ready for testing .  government officials said on conference call last month that fixes had been made .  one ceo says call center operators are reporting customers exasperate .
 'mad men 's ' jon hamm completes rehab <sec> report : actor jon hamm of `` mad men '' has completed a 30-day stint in rehab for alcohol abuse .  amc 's `` mad men '' begins its final eight-episode run on april .
 international bacon day <sec> international bacon day is celebrated on the saturday before labor day .  according to market research , bacon consumption is up .  but america 's bacon fixation is nothing new , as evidenced by vintage recipe .
 mh17 'was n't doing anything wrong ' <sec> the united states believes a surface-to-air missile brought malaysia airlines jet down .  quest : we can argue whether restrictions should have been in place with everything going on there .  a number of airlines have since re-routed services away from the ukraine region .  analysts worry about international inspectors being given access to crash sit .
 retro sand safari : doing dubai 's deserts in style <sec> vintage land rover safaris explore the delicate sand dunes of dubai .  platinum heritage organizes luxury excursions into the traditional world of the emirate 's bedouin .  retro safaris offer a gentler way of experiencing the area 's wildlife that so-called `` dune bashing '' excursion .
 3rd accuser of syracuse coach pleads guilty to child sex charges <sec> zachary tomaselli faces a maximum of three years , three months in prison .  `` i take complete responsibility for what i did , '' he tells cnn .  tomaselli , 23 , is currently out on bai .
 partners confident that post-motorola google wo n't compete with them <sec> google 's mobile partners say the android maker wo n't be like apple .  they say google has no plans to become a `` vertical '' phone maker .  google has said it plans to run motorola as an independent busines .
 judge gives misty croslin 25 years for drug conviction <sec> the judge also orders her to pay a $ 500,000 fine .  croslin is the last person known to see 5-year-old haleigh cummings .  she faces sentencing in mid-october in another courtroom for similar charge .
 judge suspends katherine jackson as guardian of michael jackson 's children <sec> a lawyer says there 's reason to believe `` mrs. jackson has been held against her will '' .  she was reported missing over the weekend amid a family dispute .  the judge appoints tj jackson as temporary guardian .  `` i 've never heard my grandmother talk like that , '' tj jackson says about a phone cal .
 hope solo apologizes after domestic violence incident <sec> hope solo says she apologizes `` to everyone i have disappointed '' .  police say she assaulted her half-sister and a 17-year-old nephew .  solo has entered a not-guilty plea to two counts of domestic violence assault .  she says she believes her name `` will be cleared .
 50 syrian soldiers killed in suicide bombing , opposition says <sec> new : 162 are dead in syria , including 32 in a `` massacre '' in idlib province , opposition says .  opposition activists say a suicide bomber kills 50 syrian soldiers .  a russian diplomat rejects u.n.- arab league envoy 's call for transition-of-power resolution .  `` if the priority is to save lives '' in syria , there is no need for such a resolution , diplomat say .
 pope addresses sex abuse scandal as he starts visit to britain <sec> new : critics call his comments disingenuous and say he knew about the abuse .  pope : the church has not been vigilant or fast enough to respond .  he describes `` sadness '' and says the abuse is difficult to understand .  the pope is visiting england and scotland for four day .
 shooter on the loose at new jersey mall <sec> new : state police say a possible suspect has been identified .  mayor : authorities believe the gunman has left the mall .  a store-by-store sweep of westfield garden state plaza is ongoing .  there are no immediate reports of injurie .
 mh370 mystery remains deep after six months <sec> on march 8 , mh370 veered off course and vanished from radar en route to beijing .  millions of square kilometers of ocean surface have been searched .  the deepest parts of the sea will be the next place searchers send their equipment .  family members of the 239 people on the plane have been left still seeking answer .
 death toll rises as violence rocks somali capital <sec> fighting continues in somali capital day after 29 killed in clashes .  at least 80 wounded in fighting between government forces and al-shabaab rebels .  state defense minister claimed victory in wednesday 's fighting .  al-shabaab wants to implement a stricter form of islamic law , shari .
 10 jobs cooler than yours <sec> julian jones ' job is essentially to baby-sit all-star athletes .  food critics get paid to eat gourmet food and drink expensive alcohol .  when a veterinarian ca n't diagnose an animal , a pet psychologist is called .  video game testers repeat levels , games and characters , looking for any bug .
 hostages at pakistani army hq released <sec> new : total of 39 hostages released after 22-hour siege .  military official : taliban has claimed responsibility for the incident .  raging gunbattle leaves four gunmen and six guards dea .
 authorities make arrest in baffling australian collar-bomb case <sec> new : the victim describes the ordeal as `` all very surreal '' .  the suspect in australian `` collar-bomb '' case will be held until at least october 14 .  police say paul peters broke into the family home of an 18-year-old australian girl .  they say he attached a fake bomb to the victim and left a note demanding mone .
 time for a new kind of phone booth <sec> bob greene : bring back the once ubiquitous phone booth -- but for cell phone users .  he says it 's common for people to talk in public on cell phones ; a phone booth would offer quiet .  he says : talkers could have privacy , advertisers a captive audience ; demand would grow .  greene : only problem would be pedestrians would use them to flee the yakkers out on the stree .
 charlie hebdo : magazine is no stranger to controversy <sec> gunmen storm satirical magazine 's office in paris , officials say .  charlie hebdo has courted controversy before with satirical takes on religious extremism .  magazine 's offices were burned down in 2011 after it published a cartoon depicting the prophet mohamme .
 portugal airline boss warns uncertainty harming europe <sec> one of portugal 's airline executives has warned of the dangers of uncertainty in europe .  the comments from fernando pinto , head of tap air portugal , come as portugal 's economy remains fragile .  finance ministers of the euro area have given portugal and ireland seven more years to repay bailouts .  but one economist says for portugal , the worst `` not over yet .
 mexican mother 's day march spotlights search for missing <sec> mothers and others march with pictures of their missing sons and daughters .  they say they came to mexico 's capital on mother 's day with the hope of being heard .  `` they took my son 's life and they took mine , '' one mother says .  human rights commission : more than 5,300 people have disappeared in five year .
 chisora banned by world boxing council for haye brawl <sec> british boxer dereck chisora given an indefinite ban by the world boxing council .  chisora lost in recent wbc heavyweight title fight with ukrainian vitali klitschko .  fighter slapped klitschko in build up to bout in munich .  chisora then brawled with fellow british boxer david haye at press conferenc .
 louisville woman saves kids from fire , loses life <sec> tomarra finley , 31 , dies rescuing five children from a burning townhome .  louisville , kentucky , firefighters says finley braved extreme heat and died of smoke inhalation .  two men helped catch the children as they went out a second-floor windo .
 obama wo n't 'wheel and deal ' for nsa leaker snowden <sec> new : leaks caused `` irreversible damage to our nation 's security , '' nsa chief says .  new : a venezuelan official reiterates his nation 's openness to accepting snowden .  president obama says he does n't want to make deals to get snowden .  ecuador renounces u.s. trade benefits in the tiff over the asylum bi .
 new texas fires quickly contained , but big blazes still out of control <sec> new : firefighters were `` pretty lucky today , '' a state spokesman says .  all six new fires reported sunday are under control , the texas forest service says .  still , several blazes involving more 130,000 acres are uncontrolled .  the national weather services issues `` red flag warnings '' for parts of six state .
 french face tough new internet downloading law <sec> french internet users downloading files illegally could have their service cut off .  new law enacted by french government could see users banned for year .  special government anti-piracy agency to monitor violation .
 should the u.s. shoot it down ? <sec> sen. mccain says show the north koreans we can stop whatever they send .  gop legislator : even if remote , any chance of a nuclear missile requires shooting it down .  white house : north korea lacks nuclear missile capability , but it 's trying .  fareed zakaria calls automatically downing any missile the wrong approac .
 wiggins : cycling 's future is bright post armstrong blood letting <sec> tour de france champion bradley wiggins says cycling has a bright future .  wiggins says sport can move on after lance armstrong 's revelations on doping .  first tour after armstrong 's confession will occur without injured wiggins .  englishman says tour still seen as the pinnacle of any cyclist 's caree .
 it 's time to eliminate the penny <sec> it costs taxpayers about 2.4 cents to make each penny .  robert whaples : americans using the penny less as they turn toward electronic payments .  he says the u.s. mint wo n't find a miracle metal that will make pennies worthwhile .  whaples : people from across the political spectrum should unite to retire the penn .
 'game of thrones ' : who did it ? <sec> sunday 's `` game of thrones '' leaves us with a major `` whodunnit ? '' .  there is no shortage of players who could be behind the `` purple wedding '' .  here , we take a look at who we think the main suspects ar .
 'somali pirates are getting wilder ' : belgian ship nabbed <sec> new : the pompei , a belgian-registered ship , was one of two vessels attacked .  new : islands where attack occurred are roughly 800 miles off somali coast .  dutch naval forces captured seven pirates and freed 20 captive fishermen .  pirates were disarmed and freed because crew lacked jurisdiction to hold the .
 one quarter of giant panda habitat lost in sichuan quake <sec> new report on affect of 2008 sichuan earthquake on wild giant panda population .  report : 23 percent of habitat has disappeared ; 60 percent of giant pandas affected .  estimates that wild panda population in affected region could be as low as 3 .
 somalia fighting kills at least 39 civilians <sec> roadside bomb strikes african union peacekeepers , au mission says .  officials : civilian deaths occurred on road between presidential palace , airport .  mogadishu deputy mayor , au spokesman disagree over cause of civilian death .
 ex-gang members unite : 'you do n't have to kill your neighbors ' <sec> homeboy industries started in 1988 to help ease tensions among gangs .  a new program funded by homeboy trains ex-gang members on green jobs .  `` it 's a lesson in that you do n't have to kill your neighbors , '' says richard reyes .  ex-gang member says friends all went to jail : `` i did n't want to live that life .
 3 mexican officers killed in acapulco <sec> attacks came 2 days after ferocious street gunbattle that left 18 people dead .  2 soldiers , 16 suspected gang members killed ; 9 soldiers wounded saturday .  five people arrested in connection with shootout ; authorities seize weapons .  mexican soldiers , in trucks and helicopters kept watch over acapulco on monda .
 lawyer : gadhafi family to file war crimes complaint against nato <sec> new : nato responds that it never targeted specific individuals in the operation .  the gadhafi family blames nato for gadhafi 's death , the lawyer says .  the family will file the complaint with the icc , the lawyer says .  the icc had a warrant for gadhafi 's arres .
 obama 's state of the union themes seek to boost democrats in november <sec> president obama 's road show informally launches the mid-term election campaign .  obama sounds themes benefiting democrats in his state of the union address .  the goal : highlight differences with republicans on issues important to ordinary americans .  both parties seek to strengthen their support among women voter .
 what -- and who -- will the royal baby look like ? <sec> the royal baby might have blue eyes like william or green ones like catherine .  it 's likely the baby will have darker skin than most royals , an expert says .  royal offspring may also have red hair like uncle -- prince harr .
 scientists find black hole bonanza <sec> researchers find 26 possible black holes in andromeda , a galaxy near our own .  black holes ca n't be seen directly .  but astronomers can detect material falling into them when they interfere with other star .
 newsquiz : week of april 29 <sec> use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student news .  write your answers in the space provided .  today 's newsquiz includes the media literacy question of the da .
 bodo illgner : the 'baby ' goalkeeper who became a german world cup hero <sec> bodo illgner is a german world cup winner and former real madrid star .  illgner was the first goalkeeper to keep a clean sheet in a world cup final .  at 23-years-old , he was also the youngest keeper to win a world cu .
 tigers ' den jumper wanted 'to be one ' with beast , police say <sec> new : the man faces trespassing charges .  he remains hospitalized in stable condition .  the man jumped from a monorail car into the tiger mountain exhibit frida .
 football players at risk of high blood pressure <sec> death of thomas herrion has raised worries over the heart health of big players .  researchers looked at 504 active nfl players from 12 teams in 2007 .  players were less likely to smoke or have blood-sugar problems than other men .  nfl athletes are more likely to have prehypertension than other me .
 family-friendly eateries in chattanooga and huntsville <sec> check out these kid-friendly eateries in chattanooga and huntsville .  a mildly raucous atmosphere never hurts when you 're bringing the kids .  let go of hopes of the perfect family trip and have fun this spring brea .
 sen. richard blumenthal : ray rice firing not enough <sec> sen. richard blumenthal says the nfl needs to do more to combat domestic abuse .  baltimore ravens terminates ray rice 's contract in wake of new video .  video shows rice punching future wife , who lunges at him ; he hits back , she falls to floor .  blumenthal wo n't `` rule out '' congressional involvement in nf .
 palin 's swift rise is the talk of her alaskan town <sec> gov . .  sarah palin 's family moved to alaska in 1964 , when she was 2 months old .  palin rose from wasilla city council to alaska 's governorship in 14 years .  `` she has always gone after what she wants with great intensity , '' family friend says .  praise and criticism followed palin 's ascendance to the governor 's offic .
 rescued chilean miner ( and avid elvis fan ) goes to graceland <sec> the 33 miners became instant celebrities after their rescue in october .  edison pena visits elvis presley 's former home .  he also visted elvis ' star in hollywood in november .  elvis would have been 76 on saturda .
 evacuations begin near colombian volcano <sec> eruption likely within days or weeks at nevado del huila volcano , agency warns .  colombian volcano 's eruption killed at least six people in november .  some 800 families under evacuation from high-risk area .  eruption would cause avalanche down paez and simbola rivers , officials sa .
 concerns about bob mcculloch , the ferguson prosecutor <sec> any criminal case in michael brown 's shooting rests with prosecutor bob mcculloch .  some have little confidence that he will be aggressive in prosecuting police .  they are asking for him to step aside and for a special prosecutor to be named .  new : an attempt will be made on wednesday to present evidence to a grand jur .
 brooklyn artist gives birth as performance art <sec> pregnant artist will give birth to first child at brooklyn art gallery in front of audience .  marni kotak her work `` found performances '' because based on daily experience .  microscope gallery in brooklyn hosts kotak 's latest work titled `` the birth of baby x .
 police probe possible racial motive in tulsa killings <sec> `` we 're going to explore any possible motives , '' police chief says .  a police appeal led to an `` outpouring '' of tips from the public , detective says .  the two men arrested in the shootings face arraignment monday morning .  `` it just mite be the time to call it quits , '' one suspect posted to facebook on frida .
 cnn florida insiders survey : how to win the swing voters <sec> `` swing is key , '' says one florida gop insider .  the fight in the fall will not be focused on exciting the base , it will be about winning the middle .  latino republicans make up a key block , and romney seems to have their support .  most insiders say they 'd have a hard time supporting ron paul if he were nominate .
 tunisian tourism gets social media boost <sec> campaign to support tunisian tourism takes hold on social media .  tourism official : one in five tunisians depends on tourists to make a living .  # jesuisbardo and # prayfortunisia are trendin .
 new jersey owner of 'sopranos ' club turns mob informant <sec> documents : reputed mobster decides to become informant .  anthony cardinalle 's strip club setting for `` the sopranos '' bar .  he , others accused of trying to take over legit businesse .
 what does vladimir putin want next ? <sec> russian president approval ratings are at highest in recent years .  analysts are asking if he is a rational actor , or `` drunk on power '' .  assumption at nato headquarters is that putin wo n't stop at crimea .  russian businesses will suffer as putin portrays west as adversary not potential partne .
 merkel : relations with u.s. 'severely shaken ' over spying claims <sec> u.s. official : `` surveillance capabilities , including with ... foreign partners '' under review .  german leader : `` true change is necessary '' on part of the u.s . .  u.s. is n't monitoring merkel 's communications , white house insists .  france is angry about claims the nsa intercepted millions of phone calls in franc .
 nicaraguan diplomat found dead in new york apartment <sec> cesar mercado 's throat was slashed , police say .  a knife was found at the scene , police deputy commissioner says .  he says it 's too early to determine if it was murder or suicid .
 source : secret service agent dead of apparent suicide <sec> rafael prieto was a 20-year veteran of the secret service .  he was assigned to president obama 's protective detail .  authorities were looking into a suspected long-term relationship with a foreign national .  a law enforcement source says his death last saturday was an apparent suicid .
 demonstrators , police clash in the wake of haiti 's elections <sec> riot police fire tear gas at demonstrators after haitian candidate 's speech .  12 of the 18 presidential candidates are alleging widespread fraud at the polls .  an international monitoring official says vote-counting should continu .
 peterhansel seals 10th dakar victory <sec> frenchman stephane peterhansel wins the dakar rally , his 10th success in the race .  peterhansel finishes nearly 42 minutes ahead of fellow-mini driver nani roma .  cyril despres makes it a french double by claiming his fourth victory in bike sectio .
 helicopter raised , victims identified after crash over hudson <sec> seven bodies pulled from water ; two others believed dead .  search stops sunday evening because of weather , will resume monday .  authorities investigating saturday 's collision of helicopter , plane over hudson river .  pilot on ground says he tried to warn helicopter before acciden .
