 opinion : obama budget 's tricky balancing act <sec> reihan salam : president is casting his budget as one with bipartisan appeal .  he says obama still wants to target high income earners for tax increases .  parts of the obama plan will affect middle-income taxpayers , too , he says .  salam : budget shows difficulty of raising revenues without hitting middle clas .
 bird flu puts spotlight on age-old traditions in china <sec> chinese cuisine demands that food be as fresh as possible .  but problems arise with the way live poultry is handled , stored and slaughtered .  china 's public health authorities taking throat swabs from live food dealers .  h7n9 strain of bird flu virus has resulted in more than 17 death .
 former enemies kiss in 'triangle of death ' <sec> yusufiyah , south of baghdad , was among the most dangerous places in iraq .  local sunnis tired of the destruction wrought by al qaeda in iraq .  they partnered with u.s. forces to keep their town safe .  iraq 's shiite-dominated central government remains wary of such partnership .
 shrek coming soon to produce aisle near you <sec> vidalia onion committee to place cutouts of shrek in grocery stores .  industry officials say it 's good if it means children eat more vegetables .  popeye , disney characters have also done partnerships with produce companie .
 former pakistani prime minister 's son kidnapped days before elections <sec> ali haider gilani kidnapped in deadly attack in punjab province , brother says .  two people killed , eight others hurt during attack , brother says .  police : gilani , candidate for punjab provincial assembly , was on way to public meeting .  gilani is son of former prime minister yousuf raza gilan .
 isis atrocity shows growing reach in north africa <sec> libya seems to be the most promising territory for isis to extend its reach .  it has also influence in egypt 's increasingly ungovernable sinai .  from nigeria and pakistan , other groups seem to be forming various associations with isi .
 zhang xin : failure is part of the puzzle <sec> worth $ 3.6 billion , zhang xin is the world 's seventh richest self-made woman .  xin runs china 's largest real estate developer .  she rose from assembly line of a beijing factory to property magnate .  her family partly owns a 40 % stake in nyc 's gm buildin .
 german police : munich airport bomb scare may have been false alarm <sec> new : man who appeared to flee may just have been in a hurry , police say .  new : police still seeking man , but search not being called big manhunt .  new : passengers had to leave terminal 2 for rescreening ; about 100 flights affected .  man left checkpoint after laptop bag tested positive for explosive .
 analysis : is ukraine the next domino ? <sec> western leaders heading for ukraine to show support for pro-western government .  west concerned at what it sees as russia `` re-drawing of the map in the caucusus '' .  uk foreign minister tells ukraine not to give russia a pretext to intervene in its affairs .  ukraine , like poland , looks toward eu for possible membershi .
 death toll climbs to 54 in indonesia volcano 's latest eruption <sec> new : 78 others have been severely burned .  mount merapi started its recent eruptions on october 26 .  friday 's victims bring the total to 93 killed .  the volcano has not stopped erupting since thursda .
 deaths and violence over charlie hebdo <sec> violent protests in niger leave 10 dead , churches and other sites torched .  `` leave gaza , you french , or we will slaughter you , '' palestinian protesters reportedly say .  peaceful protests over charlie hebdo reported from somalia to chechny .
 african football body wants 'thorough ' investigation into drc disaster <sec> african football body caf calls for 'thorough ' investigation into dr congo stadium disaster .  fifteen fans died as a stampede broke out at the game between as vita and tp mazembe .  fifa president sepp blatter offers support of the entire football community .  match took place in stadium of 'rumble in the jungle ' fam .
 airline launches in-flight 'couch ' for hefty fliers <sec> new `` couch '' will combine two seats and have 14 inches of extra legroom .  some passengers on samoa air weigh up to 210 kilos ( 460 pounds ) .  initiative includes ramp access to seats in place of step .
 events in landmark 'spider-man ' issue have fans in a frenzy <sec> `` amazing spider-man '' # 700 is latest comic book to court controversy .  the just-released issue has plot developments that radically change the spidey-verse .  'amazing ' writer has received extreme reactions , positive and negative , from fans onlin .
 post-ferguson : talking to kids about race and class <sec> `` talking about race ... explaining race is hard , '' writes an african-american blogger .  some parents are either afraid , uncomfortable or unwilling to bring the topic up with their kids .  exposing children to diversity through books and travel can be a way to have the conversation .  `` the way that we get better at talking about race is talking about race , '' said an autho .
 asiana crash video : firefighters saw injured girl before she was run over <sec> video shows responders failed to determine whether ye was still alive , lawyer says .  ye meng yuan , 16 , survived the san francisco plane crash last july .  but she was run over and killed by an emergency vehicle .  newly released video suggests multiple emergency workers spotted her injured bod .
 when superyacht chic meets hybrid technology <sec> the columbus sport 130 ' hybrid is the latest vessel from palumbo shipyards .  dual electrical and diesel engines reduce the ship 's emissions and fuel usage .  the vessel 's designers aim to fuse superyacht chic with an eco-friendly design concep .
 francis rings in his second christmas as pope <sec> new : pope says god 's `` patient fidelity is stronger than darkness and corruption '' .  christmas eve mass expected to draw 11,000 faithful to the vatican .  pope francis personally requested a piece by mozart for the mass .  service comes days after he sharply critiqued the vatican bureaucrac .
 nfl fines brett favre $ 50,000 for not cooperating with inquiry <sec> the vikings quarterback was accused of sending sexually explicit texts to a jets hostess .  favre did n't cooperate with a nfl inquiry into the alleged misconduct , the league says .  the nfl says it is unable to determine whether he violated workplace rule .
 gun used on pope john paul ii to be displayed at hometown museum <sec> gun used in assassination attempt on pope john paul ii to be displayed in hometown .  mehmet ali agca shot then-pope in st peter 's square , rome , on may 13 , 1981 .  agca has never explained reasons for attack on pontiff ; he was jailed , but later pardoned .  pope john paul ii , who served from 1978 until his death in 2005 , to be canonized on april 2 .
 3 doors down bassist charged in fatal crash <sec> robert harrell is charged with vehicular homicide .  he is also charged with bringing controlled substances into the jail .  the accident happened friday night in nashville .  3 doors down may be best known for its song `` kryptonite .
 zimmerman 's lawyer not calling for new location in trayon martin case <sec> george zimmerman 's murder trial starts monday with jury selection .  lawyer : `` if we can pick a jury in seminole county , this is where the case should be decided '' .  zimmerman is charged with second-degree murder for shooting trayvon marti .
 mexico 's 'queen of the pacific ' pleads guilty <sec> sandra avila beltran pleads guilty to being an accessory after the fact .  her attorney says the `` queen of the pacific '' hopes to reunite with family soon .  she has been accused of drug trafficking but never convicted .  avila has repeatedly denied drug charges against he .
 army vet kyle white given medal of honor <sec> new : kyle white : `` without this team , there would be no medal of honor '' .  new : he vows to `` live up to the responsibility '' of having the top military award .  new : obama calls white `` a soldier who embodies the courage of his generation '' .  the army vet , then 20 , braved enemy fire to save his wounded comrades in afghanista .
 tracy morgan showing signs of improvement , publicist says <sec> tracy morgan 's medical team optimistic for his recovery .  the actor remains in critical , but stable condition .  morgan was injured in a weekend collision on the new jersey turnpik .
 esa 's philae bids farewell to rosetta , hello to comet <sec> esa 's philae landing craft is due to touch down on a comet surface on november 12 .  the mission may shed light on whether water may have been brought to earth by comets .  philae has been designed to grip like a limpet because the comet 's gravity is so weak .  if successful , first pictures could come back about two hours after landin .
 when valentine 's day is dangerous for kids <sec> a 7-year-old died of an allergic reaction to a peanut ; school had not given her medication .  epinephrine has saved heather hewett 's daughter , who has a severe food allergy .  schools should have epinephrine , she says , and train teachers to administer it .  hewett : on valentine 's day , chocolates brought to school put children with allergies at ris .
 boxer johnny tapia 's 'crazy life ' ends <sec> tapia 's body is found at his home on sunday night .  foul play is not suspected .  `` i was raised as a pit bull , '' he sai .
 bin laden 's death brought 9/11 'closure ' <sec> it has been one year since osama bin laden was killed by u.s. forces in pakistan .  the news of bin laden 's death spread like wildfire online and on social media .  several books have already been written about the raid on bin laden 's compound .  controversy remains over whether photos of bin laden should be release .
 exploding sidewalks menace london pedestrians <sec> new : at least 5 people have been hurt in london sidewalk explosions since january 2012 .  health and safety body has ordered a major inspection program to fix the problem .  `` i turned back and saw a big fire gushing up , '' says a london worker who had a near miss .  uk power networks says there have been `` relatively few cases '' of such fault .
 house gop split over immigration reform <sec> new : house republicans argue for and against legal status for undocumented immigrants .  new : gop legislators say work on immigration measures will likely go on for months .  former president bush calls for a solution in a rare comment on a political issue .  gop leaders refuse to hold a vote on a senate version that passed with bipartisan suppor .
 congolese women raped on congo-angola border , u.n. officials say <sec> thirty congolese women raped on angola-congo border by uniformed men , u.n. officials say .  women were part of group of 150 people who had been expelled from angola , u.n. says . .  united nations says women reported being held for nearly two weeks and rape .
 yahoo rolls out its new logo <sec> after 30 days of teasers , yahoo has unveiled its new logo .  the font is different but much of the logo , including exclamation point , are the same .  the logo is part of a larger rebranding effort by the compan .
 j.k. rowling delivers new 'harry potter ' tale <sec> j.k. rowling has released the backstory of a `` harry potter '' foe .  she also reveals the inspiration behind the character , named dolores umbridge .  rowling is also preparing to release three new movies from `` potter 's '' worl .
 kaka : real will grab more galacticos <sec> brazilian kaka expects to be joined by fellow world 'galacticos ' at real madrid .  president florentino perez constructing a side that he hopes will rule supreme .  cristiano ronaldo , zlatan ibrahimovic and david villa will be on the wanted lis .
 a safe place to drink , or just giving up ? <sec> homeless alcoholics can drink on the premises of st. anthony residence in minnesota .  supporters say these so-called wet houses provide a safe place and save taxpayer money .  those opposed , mostly addiction counselors , believe the model gives up on a treatable disease .  there are wet houses in seattle and minneapolis-st. pau .
 lebron james : 'i 'm coming home ' to cleveland cavaliers <sec> james : `` my relationship with northeast ohio is bigger than basketball '' .  four-time league mvp returning to cavaliers after four years with heat .  james says he `` talked it out '' with cavs owner who ripped him in 2010 .  james : `` my goal is still to win as many titles as possible .
 cnn student news transcript : august 31 , 2009 <sec> explore the reasons behind a shift in political power in japan .  consider what could be next for ted kennedy 's seat in the u.s. senate .  find out how many shuttle missions remain on nasa 's schedul .
 roma beat verona to close gap on juventus <sec> roma record a 3-1 against hellas verona to move to within six points of leaders juventus .  ac milan record back-to-back wins for the first time this season with a 2-1 win against cagliari .  city rivals inter , who play juventus next weekend , played out a goalless draw at catani .
 whale trainer remembered at funeral <sec> new : mourners pack dawn brancheau 's funeral at church in chicago , illinois .  the animal trainer died last week after whale dragged her underwater at seaworld .  memorial services to be held later in orlando , florid .
 obama administration preparing to loosen rules on cuba travel <sec> sources say the administration will soon loosen rules regarding cuba .  the changes will affect some travel and americans ' ability to send economic assistance .  the bush administration tightened regulations that had been set by clinton .  one aide says , `` it 's a return to clinton , plus some .
 double amputee oliveira sets new standard for blade runners <sec> alan oliveira smashes world record in paralympic anniversary games .  double amputee wins t43 class 100m in 10.57 seconds .  oliveira shocked oscar pistorious over 200m at london paralympics last year .  fellow brazilian terezinha guilhermina wins t11 200m for blind runner .
 first u.s. soldiers depart afghanistan as drawdown begins <sec> new : last month nearly three-quarters of americans said they support the u.s. pulling out .  a total of 650 u.s. army soldiers left the northeastern province of parwan on wednesday .  this is the first group of soldiers whose redeployment will not be replaced .  another 600 troops are in the process of leavin .
 owner of chimp that attacked friend dies at 72 <sec> sandra herold died monday of a ruptured aortic aneurysm .  her chimpanzee , travis , mauled friend charla nash in february 2009 .  herold 's heart `` could take no more '' after a `` difficult '' year , attorney says .  nash is still recovering in boston ; doctors say she is a candidate for a face transplan .
 to get the job , find the hidden agenda <sec> every company has an emotional motivation , or hidden agenda , says kevin allen .  he believes tapping into the hidden agenda is key to getting your dream job .  share your 'real ambition ' to connect with potential employers .  when applying for a job , show that you connect with the company 's core belief .
 mcconnell leads gop counter-attack against start pact <sec> senate democrats defeat a second republican amendment .  the senate republican leader says he opposes the treaty if the vote occurs now .  wait until a new congress convenes in january to debate it , mcconnell says .  the treaty resumes inspections and limits nuclear arsenals of both nation .
 the greatest beards in history <sec> world beard and mustache championships took place in portland , oregon .  one analyst says a beard has always been a powerful social symbol .  will bearding continue to rise , or is it due for a fall ? .  opinions diffe .
 survey : white house , like a lot of u.s. real estate , lost value in '09 <sec> value dropped 5.1 percent -- from $ 308 million to $ 292.5 million -- in 2009 .  survey asked americans who 'd they like as neighbors ; 14 percent said the obamas .  when asked who the worst neighbor would be , respondents said nadya sulema .
 two muslim men keep jewish tradition alive in brooklyn <sec> two pakistani muslims keep a kosher bakery open .  the shop specializes in bialys .  they 're a lighter , softer cousin to the bagel , traditionally made with onion sprinkled on top .  another family ran the business for 91 year .
 u.s. military aircraft to aid central african republic mission <sec> new : french president francois hollande will visit the central african republic on tuesday .  u.s. president barack obama calls for the country to reject violence .  u.s. military to fly african and european peacekeepers into capital .  the central african republic is wracked by internal conflic .
 5 places to find france in north america <sec> montreal is the second-largest city of french-speaking natives in the world after paris .  the rocky islands of saint-pierre and miquelon off the coast of canada are still part of france .  french is the first language of some residents of cajun country in louisian .
 all sides in stem cell debate claim vindication <sec> teams report reprogramming human skin cells to act like embryonic stem cells .  bush : advance is `` within ethical boundaries '' .  harkin : `` we need to continue to pursue all alternatives .
 bbc : iran held 'backroom ' talks with western diplomats <sec> iran approached diplomats with offer nearly four years ago , bbc told .  diplomat : iran offered to stand down in iraq if west would accept its nuke program .  iran denies involvement in fighting in iraq , says allegations are `` baseless '' .  despite strained relations , obama administration has hinted at direct talk .
 protesters gather in tunisia 's capital after overnight curfew <sec> new : police fire occasional tear gas canisters into the crowd , protesters throw stones .  police and military are deployed in tunis as protesters gather .  authorities impose an overnight curfew on tunis and surrounding areas .  protests in arab nations started in tunisia after a fruit cart vendor set himself on fir .
 new dwarf planet discovered at solar system 's edge <sec> 2012 vp113 is a newly discovered dwarf planet .  its full orbit is farther than the orbit of any other solar system object .  it is located 83 times the distance between earth and the su .
 first group of hondurans deported from new u.s. facility <sec> one deported honduran woman says she may head back to the united states .  40 people were deported from the united states to honduras on monday .  it 's part of stepped-up u.s. efforts to send recent undocumented immigrants back .  honduran first lady says devastated families are returning empty-hande .
 scott brown looks to stay in spotlight as he plots next move <sec> most sidelined politicians write books , do talk show rounds or become a pundit .  former sen. scott brown has been showing up to jam with likes of cheap trick .  brown moved from massachusetts to new hampshire , where he 's considering a senate ru .
 dignitaries gather in memory of diplomatic powerhouse <sec> obama praises holbrooke 's `` coupling of realism and idealism '' .  albright praises his `` imagination , dedication and forcefulness '' .  the diplomat ruffled feathers in a career that ranged from vietnam to afghanista .
 17 air force officers stripped of authority to launch nuclear missiles <sec> seventeen officers will have to undergo up to 90 days of retraining .  their unit performed poorly on an inspection , an air force spokesman says .  the 91st operations group has `` fallen , '' its deputy commander say .
 french prime minister defends police handling of gunman merah <sec> new : witness : the mood was silent and somber as the victims ' names were read out at a rally .  bullet holes pock the walls of the apartment where merah holed up , and nearby cars .  a mother filed a complaint against merah in 2010 , saying he threatened her children .  prime minister francois fillon says police and intelligence services did wel .
 stevens returns to schalke , laudrup leaves mallorca <sec> huub stevens hass returned to schalke after departure of ralf rangnick .  dutch coach stevens previously had a six-year spell in gelsenkirchen .  michael laudrup has left spanish outfit real mallorca .  laudrup resigns after disagreement with club 's owne .
 snow , snow ( and plenty of ice ) everywhere <sec> authorities urge motorists in north-central and northeast iowa stay off roads .  national weather service has issued a blizzard warning for parts of maine , michigan .  at least one death has been attributed to storms , authorities sa .
 champion federer floors ferrer to reach semis at atp finals <sec> roger federer extends his winning run to 12 matches with win over david ferrer .  world no . .  2 qualifies for semifinals at atp 's season-ending event for 10th time .  he ends paris and valencia champion ferrer 's 11-match unbeaten run .  spaniard must now beat janko tipsarevic to have chance of going throug .
 box office report : 'breaking dawn -- part 2 ' just misses 'twilight ' record <sec> 'breaking dawn - part 2 ' earned slightly less than part 1 .  there 's still a chance the film could become the highest grossing twilight film domestically .  `` skyfall '' dipped 53 percent to $ 41.5 million in its second weeken .
