 england 'are always tired , ' says former coach fabio capello <sec> former england boss says players are too tired to perform .  capello says too many league matches blunt england 's cutting edge .  italian , now in charge of russia , backs brazil and argentina to shine at world cu .
 swimsuits on seven continents <sec> sports illustrated 's swimsuit issue editor travels the world much of the year for her work .  her suitcases are filled with swimsuits , suntan lotion , double-sided tape and binder clips .  it took five years of negotiations to schedule an early spring photo shoot in antarctica .  china took more than two years of prodding to clear visas for the shoo .
 five reasons why time may be right for immigration reform <sec> barack obama promised but could n't deliver comprehensive reform .  latinos factored heavily in obama 's re-election , giving them more political clout .  in defeat , republicans may see immigration reform as politically smar .
 gop candidates criticize obama , each other <sec> rick santorum calls barack obama `` the worst president this country has ever seen '' .  three of the four republican presidential candidates campaign tuesday .  they take jabs at obama ahead of the state of the union address .  mitt romney releases his 2010 tax retur .
 groups scramble to take aid to flooded areas of pakistan <sec> rain lets up in some areas of flood-hit pakistan .  secretary of state hillary clinton appeals for aid .  about 3 million people have been affected by monsoon rains and floodin .
 can venezuela 's socialist government survive wave of protests ? <sec> experts say it 's too soon to ring the death knell for hugo chavez 's revolution .  with so many factors in flux , it 's difficult to guess what 's next in venezuela .  but there are some possible game-changers to keep an eye on .  tensions are running high amid anti-government protest .
 where are the black superheroes ? <sec> digital illustrator milumbe haimbe challenges stereotypes and tackles the diversity gap through her work .  last may , she was one of the winners at the dakar biennal .
 bloomberg wants to spend billions on storm protection <sec> mayor wants $ 20 billion to combat storms , climate change .  plan calls for more protection , infrastructure improvements .  `` we still face real , immediate threats , '' bloomberg say .
 authorities arrest mom for medical neglect of 555-pound teen <sec> new : mother , boy found near laundromat in baltimore , maryland .  teen weighing 555 pounds , mother were sought after missing court appearance .  judge ordered alexander draper into custody because of medical neglect .  boy `` possibly at a stage of critical health risk , '' according to social service .
 review : 'milk ' is a terrific film <sec> `` milk '' is a biography of openly gay san francisco city supervisor harvey milk .  film works both as a subtle message film and as well-made movie .  sean penn gives excellent performance as mil .
 omg ! 13-y-o wins $ 50k in txting chmpionship <sec> brianna hendrickson , 13 , of brooklyn wins the texting title .  she can win more money for herself and charity during another challenge .  contestants ' accuracy , speed and dexterity are teste .
 al ahly 's dream run continues at club world cup <sec> al ahly and monterrey qualify for semifinals of club world cup in japan .  african champions al ahly win 2-1 against home team sanfrecce hiroshima .  captain hossam ghaly set to miss corinthians clash due to serious knee injury .  mexico 's monterrey will take on european champions chelsea of englan .
 da aims to drop sexual assault charges against strauss-kahn <sec> new : the da says evidence related to `` force and lack of consent '' is `` inconclusive '' .  the da 's office says it does n't believe the accuser `` beyond a reasonable doubt '' .  strauss-kahn is `` grateful '' the da `` took our concerns seriously , '' his lawyers say .  the alleged victim 's attorney says the da `` turned his back '' on his clien .
 disgraced armstrong asked to return tour de france prize money <sec> cycling 's governing body ask lance armstrong to return all his tour de france prize money .  disgraced cyclist had his seven tour de france victories struck off due to doping .  uci opt not to reassign armstrong 's titles in what it calls a `` dark period '' .  it also decides to suspend its legal action against journalist paul kimmag .
 vladimir putin 's approval rating ? now at a whopping 86 % <sec> putin 's approval rating has hovered in the mid 80s since last may .  analysts differ in trying to explain the reaso .
 faa announces pilot fatigue rule <sec> rule governs how much time off commercial passenger pilots must have between work shifts .  the new rule sets a 10-hour minimum rest period prior to a flight duty period .  the final rule will take effect in two years .  faa chief : pilots have a personal responsibility to arrive at work fit for dut .
 ct scans reveal mummies ' long-lost secrets <sec> radiologists at ny hospital analyze egyptian mummies .  ct testing allow radiologists to study mummies without doing damaging procedures .  recent ct scan reveals egyptian mummy named lady hor was actually a ma .
 pakistan secures key swat valley city <sec> pakistani military says it has taken back key swat valley city of mingora .  army spokesman says operation is a `` great accomplishment '' .  fighting in northwestern region has displaced about 2.4 million pakistanis .  pakistan raises security levels after deadly blasts in lahore , peshawa .
 nypd faces lawsuit over empire state shooting <sec> chenin duclos filed the lawsuit tuesday and seeks an unspecified amount .  she was one of nine people injured by police gunfire and ricocheting bullets .  police officers fired a total of 16 rounds ; one officer shot nine while another one shot seven .  city officials were not immediately available to commen .
 bloomberg 's out-of-order remarks got one thing right <sec> mayor michael bloomberg said police officers should go on strike for better gun control .  ruben navarrette jr. : mayor was wrong about strike , but right about dangers police face .  police face gun lobby , cowardly politicians , pop culture that glorifies violence , he says .  elected officials and police unions should act to keep police safe , navarrette say .
 opinion : fox news and the anxious elderly <sec> david frum : fox 's roger ailes created an information community for a specific demographic .  he says fox appeals to an older audience concerned about direction of change in america .  he says new biography of ailes shows an anxious network and an anxious audienc .
 opinion : why i signed up for a one-way trip to mars <sec> mars one , a nonprofit , aims to establish the first human settlement on the red planet .  heidi beemer : i signed up to volunteer for a one-way trip to mars .  she says despite risks and challenges , the trip is worthwhile in what we can learn .  beemer : for one thing , the human race can fulfill its dream of living on another plane .
 ashton kutcher fulfills promise , pranks cnn <sec> ashton kutcher puts banner with twitter name , aplusk , on cnn center .  kutcher also brought 800 boxes of ding dongs to restaurant named after turner .  kutcher promised to `` ding-dong-ditch '' turner if he beat cnn in twitter rac .
 do n't demonize our troops <sec> those who have not been to war can not judge the actions of those who have , smith says .  soldiers who posed with bodies should be reproached but not demonized , he says .  troops are not different from your sons and daughters , smith say .
 the 10 biggest tech stories of 2011 <sec> in 2011 , perhaps no news story was bigger than the death of steve jobs .  social media was used heavily to organize protest around the world .  mysterious hacker groups rose to prominence in 201 .
 ferguson police chief : 'i think i can see this through ' <sec> police chief thomas jackson believes he can weather the crisis .  he has been criticized for his handling of the aftermath of the killing of michael brown .  jackson has been under enormous pressure to step down .  he says he has been working with community leaders to create a dialogu .
 michele bachmann fumbles the facts <sec> john avlon : michele bachmann distorted the truth at cnn debate .  he says she wrongly said the cia 's interrogations had been outsourced to aclu .  her claims that obama avoid energy independence and killed pipeline are wrong , he says .  avlon : bachmann plays politics by `` talk show rules , '' aiming for impact , not accurac .
 giants pitcher throws a perfect game <sec> cain strikes out 14 batters during the game .  this is the second perfect game this year .  `` this is unbelieveable , '' cain say .
 mother of toddler in 'thug ' video says her son is smart , does not curse <sec> video shows toddler bombarded with obscenities , coaxed to respond in kind .  `` he 's a smart little boy . .  all that cussing that he did , he does n't do that , '' mom says .  mom says as long as his diaper and house were clean , there was no reason to worry .  aclu and african-american leaders blast the vide .
 cheat sheet : protests rock ukraine , venezuela , thailand <sec> in ukraine , demonstrators demand closer ties with europe , want president 's ouster .  in venezuela , protesters blame the government for shortages , security problems .  in thailand , protesters call for the ouster of prime minister yingluck shinawatr .
 kentucky soldier charged with attempted espionage <sec> spc . .  william colton millay faces several charges , including communicating military info .  he believed he was giving info to `` a foreign intelligence agent , '' the military says .  his friends have expressed shock at the claims , with one saying he 's `` the wrong guy '' .  the 22-year-old kentucky native enlisted in the u.s. army in 200 .
 surviving iraq -- and an ef5 tornado <sec> chris carriger 's house was one of thousands destroyed by a tornado in joplin , missouri .  carriger said he held on to a bathtub faucet when the storm came through .  carriger , a police detective in jasper county , has served four tours in ira .
 $ 1m reward offered for swedish cash depot heist <sec> owners of swedish cash depot offer £1m reward for information on heist .  thieves believed to have stolen the equivalent of several million dollars .  armed thieves used a stolen helicopter during the rai .
 accused cleveland kidnapper ruled capable of standing trial <sec> ariel castro , the accused kidnapper , faces 329 counts .  he is accused of holding three women in his cleveland home for years .  castro is declared competent to understand proceedings and assist counse .
 nearly complete pentagon memorial tells story of 9/11 <sec> pentagon memorial slated for dedication on seventh anniversary of attack .  memorial features benches engraved with names of victims over pool of lighted water .  relative says memorial helps her to hea .
 opinion : the twin dangers of the ukraine crisis <sec> newt gingrich : a century ago , no one expected events in eastern europe to trigger war .  he says the ukraine crisis requires careful thinking about correct u.s. policy .  gingrich says too timid policy could invite russian expansionism .  he says sanctions are unlikely to work , and clumsy tactics could backfir .
 kournikova and hingis back together at wimbledon <sec> martina hingis and anna kournikova to be re-united at wimbledon this year .  the pair will play in the legends doubles event at sw19 .  hingis has ended a two-year ban after testing positive for cocaine at 2007 wimbledo .
 photos : celebrities celebrate halloween <sec> annalynne mccord channeled the victorian era to host a halloween party in las vegas .  michelle trachtenberg brought tim burton 's `` blue girl with wine '' artwork to life .  christina aguilera played a pirate at maroon 5 's hollywood bas .
 woman recants conor oberst rape story : '100 % false ' <sec> accuser : `` i made up those lies about him to get attention '' .  conor oberst sued joan faircloth for defamation after she published her story .  a judge issued a default judgment in oberst 's favor earlier this month .  rolling stone calls oberst `` a pain-strumming poet of emo .
 'yours truly ' : ariana grande finds her own 'way ' to no . 1 <sec> ariana grande 's `` yours truly '' has debuted at no . .  1 .  she 's one of 15 solo female artists to accomplish that .  the singer has spoken out about embracing her individuality .  she 's currently recuperating and resting her voic .
 jamaica 'gets happy ' with post-super bowl buzz <sec> jamaica 's tourism officials jumped on buzz around vw 's `` get happy '' super bowl spot .  participating hotels offering one free night for guests who book stays of a certain length .  jamaican musician jimmy cliff stands by campaign and music 's messag .
 liverpool , everton share points in thriller as arsenal extends lead <sec> everton and liverpool play to the highest scoring merseyside derby in about 80 years .  substitute daniel sturridge 's late goal gives liverpool a 3-3 draw away from home .  arsenal increases its lead in the premier league to four points after topping southampton .  chelsea joins second-place liverpool on 24 points after coasting past west ha .
 car bombings , shootings kill 22 , wound 80 in iraq <sec> 8 killed after attack on iraqi army base .  double bombing kills 4 , wounds 26 .  journalist gunned down outside home in mosul .  more than 20 people injured in two car bombings in baghdad on sunda .
 pilot eddie andreini killed in california air show crash <sec> new : the aircraft was upside down when it hit the ground .  the pilot is identified as 77-year-old eddie andreini .  the show was canceled , and the crash is under investigation .  a photograph shows the crash happened away from spectator .
 nissan ceo : yen pushing production overseas <sec> nissan motor company moved its global headquarters for its luxury infiniti line to hong kong .  comes after the company announced plans to relaunch the datsun brand for emerging markets .  ceo carlos ghosn said the company will continue to offshore production outside of japan .  `` how can you compete with the yen at 80 yen to the dollar when the historic level has been 110 ? .
 opinion : why i wo n't let my son get arrested <sec> recent report says black males have a 50 % chance of being arrested by age 23 .  white males have a 40 % risk of arrest by same age .  critics of the study say methodology is flawed .  monroe : what do i tell my son about how to avoid being arrested .
 women 's work : the gop 's glass ceiling <sec> so far , there are no women 's names on the gop 's 2016 presidential short list .  there are more gop women governors , but fewer congresswomen than democrats .  gop trying to recruit and support women who could eventually mount presidential bids .  rutgers study ; senior gop female lawmakers say party still has work to do on women fron .
 is the pay phone making a comeback ? <sec> with the rise of mobile phones over the past decade , pay phones have been disappearing .  but thanks to some new initiatives , pay phones may not fade from the landscape .  in the wake of superstorm sandy , many new yorkers relied on pay phones .  a new nyc initiative seeks to rejuvenate the city 's remaining public pay phone .
 italians free crew of captured fishing boat off libya <sec> italian navy retakes fishing boat seized by smugglers .  boat was being steered towards libyan port of misrata .  italian navy says shots were fired accidentally , one fisherman injure .
 rfk jr. 's wife faces dui charge after divorce filing <sec> mary kennedy faces court date june 22 on dui charge .  robert f. kennedy jr. filed for divorce on may 12 , records show .  in `` domestic incident , '' kennedy alleged his wife was drunk and he took children from the scen .
 video : isis purportedly beheads japanese hostage <sec> mother says her son wanted a world without war .  video has not been authenticated by cnn .  japan leader says nation will never forgive isi .
 two new earths and the search for life <sec> scientists announce the discovery of two earth-sized planets .  meg urry says they 're too close to their star to host life as we know it .  she says planets like earth likely will be discovered in the `` habitable '' zone .  urry : life is likely to exist on some planets in milky way galax .
 people with down syndrome sit for stunning portraits <sec> sigga ella 's portraits show people with down syndrome from 9 months to 60 years old .  she hopes her photos shine a light on `` the beauty and diversity of mankind .
 retirement options grow as gay boomers find more mainstream acceptance <sec> lgbt baby boomers changed the visibility of the gay community .  as they approach retirement , they face different obstacles than their straight counterparts .  without marriage equality , same-sex couples may face financial hardships .  advocates say the situation is slowly improvin .
 british museum celebrates $ 1.5m picasso etchings gift <sec> british museum celebrates 'unexpected and incredibly generous ' gift .  complete set of pablo picasso 's vollard suite etchings donated by friend of museum .  $ 1.5m bequest in memory of donor 's father , major horace parker , who died last year .  all 100 etchings are to go on display at the museum next summe .
 jaycee dugard kidnap suspect used bondage , captivity in past <sec> trial transcripts show phillip garrido tried to kidnap woman before katie hall in 1976 .  garrido methodically prepared places to bring kidnapped hall .  kidnap suspect spoke in trial about his drug-fueled , uncontrollable sexual urges .  `` you are going with me , you have got no choice , '' hall recalls garrido sayin .
 overnight guests not welcome in hawaii 's kailua town , board says <sec> kailua boasts beachfront properties overlooking pristine white sand beaches .  even the obamas have made it their yearly holiday vacation spot .  city says it does not permit short terms tourist rentals in residential areas .  most of these short terms rentals are illegal , official say .
 what is vladimir putin 's endgame in ukraine ? <sec> analysts say vladimir putin is weighing his options with ukraine .  the russian president could have a number of goals in mind .  putin 's fiercest critics worry he 's pushing to take over territory .  the crisis sparks criticism abroad , but boosts putin 's popularity at hom .
 do n't let a hospital kill you <sec> cdc : 99,000 people die annually from hospital-acquired infections .  do n't forget the basics : make people wash their hands before touching you .  staying warm before , during surgery can help fight infection ; ask for extra blankets .  before surgery , if shaving is required , request clippers , not a razor , which can nic .
 rand pauls pens op-ed on mlk day - cnnpolitics.com <sec> rand paul commemorates mlk day with an op-ed on the need to bridge the `` two americas '' .  the kentucky republicans has been active in reaching out to minorities ahead of his likely presidential bi .
 you are the creative type <sec> david kelley : creativity is n't something that only a few can do , it 's natural human behavior .  he says sometimes creativity gets blocked and we lose the confidence to create .  a series of small successes can help people develop creative confidence , he says .  kelley : creativity can turn the world around , as it did at an mri unit for sick childre .
 giving african girls a chance to learn <sec> viola vaughn left retirement to take on challenge of educating girls in senegal .  she says the vast majority of schooling is devoted to boys .  girls who are expelled from school for failing tests face very limited choices .  vaughn 's education program now serves more than 3,000 girl .
 4 students killed in stampede at chinese school <sec> new : the crush was caused by a gate that would n't open , state media report .  new : eleven students are injured in the stampede , local authorities say .  it took place at an elementary school in hubei provinc .
 why asiana airlines flight 214 crash was survivable <sec> incident similar to air france crash in toronto in 2005 -- all survived .  investigation into asiana crash will look at onboard training .  onus is also on passengers to understand and follow safety procedure .
