 rafael nadal reclaims no . 1 ranking from novak djokovic in china <sec> rafael nadal returns to top spot in the world tennis rankings , overtaking novak djokovic .  nadal last held the no . .  1 ranking in june 2011 , before he was caught by djokovic .  nadal 's achievement comes after he missed seven months with a serious knee injury .  the spaniard won two majors in 2013 to lift his tally to 13 , four behind roger federe .
 250 inmates hurt , 55 hospitalized after california prison riot <sec> no employees at california institution for men in chino were injured .  order restored by 7 a.m. but prison on lockdown pending probe .  fifty-five inmates treated at hospital after melee .  lt. mark hargrove , prison spokesman : inmates have stab wounds , head traum .
 'benjamin button ' hooks 13 oscar nominations <sec> `` benjamin button '' scores 13 oscar nominations , including best picture , actor .  `` slumdog millionaire , '' nominated for best picture , considered oscar front-runner .  heath ledger , who died exactly one year ago , up for best supporting actor .  `` the reader '' does surprisingly well ; `` revolutionary road '' mostly snubbe .
 emergency declared in yemen as violence rages <sec> france and the united states call on saleh to allow peaceful assembly .  saleh , the president of yemen , declares a state of emergency .  an interior ministry official says casualties happened on both sides .  security forces open fire and use tear gas , witnesses sa .
 jay-z makes mark on 'nba 2k13 ' as executive producer <sec> jay-z tries his hand as an executive producer of `` nba 2k13 '' video game .  the hip-hop impresario worked on non-gameplay elements such as music .  soundtrack includes u2 , coldplay , kanye west and jay-z .  the artist , whose real name is shawn carter , is part-owner of brooklyn net .
 israel 's pm suggests compromise on settlements possible <sec> netanyahu is under pressure to extend the 10-month moratorium on building in the west bank .  the settlements issue has emerged as a major sticking point in peace negotiations .  settlement watch group : israel has already done groundwork for 2,000 housing unit .
 cnn student news transcript - march 29 , 2013 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 balloon boy 's dad says there was no hoax <sec> richard and mayumi heene said son was aloft in runaway homemade balloon .  boy said they did it `` for the show '' and parents pleaded guilty to hoax .  now richard heene says he only pleaded guilty to keep wife from deportation .  watch the full interview with richard heene on `` larry king live '' , friday 9 p.m. e .
 woman checks old lottery ticket , wins $ 10 million <sec> student finds old lottery ticket left to languish in drawer , wins $ 10 million .  unclaimed prize made headlines in western australia , win solves mystery .  ticket had been due to expire after 12 months , the winner claimed after 10 .  anonymous winner : `` it 's nice to have this much to fulfill my dreams .
 why the royal fuss ? mantel made sense on kate <sec> award-winning novelist hilary mantel described the duchess of cambridge as `` machine-made '' .  mantel 's comments have sparked criticism , including from uk prime minister david cameron .  julia bell argues that mantel has been misinterpreted by a press wanting headlines .  she says the novelist was asking why britain needs to `` believe in '' the royal famil .
 five-star barcelona thrash real madrid in opening spanish 'clasico ' <sec> barcelona claim first place in la liga with 5-0 demolition of previous leaders .  defending champions move two points clear as striker david villa scores twice .  jose mourinho suffers his first defeat since taking charge of real madrid .  visitors have sergio ramos sent off at the end as tempers boil over at nou cam .
 investigation : secret service scandal did not compromise security <sec> homeland security acting inspector general issues report .  he looked at prostitution scandal involving secret service agents .  incident did not compromise security , report find .
 suicide blast north of baghdad kills at least 10 <sec> new : a roadside bomb kills one and wounds two in western baghdad .  a suicide truck bomber hit a barracks for iraqi soldiers .  eight other people were wounded monday in roadside bombs .  the suicide attack takes place in the diyala province town of kanan .  a truck packed with explosives is used in the attac .
 kuwaiti company that supplies u.s. military accused of fraud <sec> public warehousing company ksc was paid $ 8.5 billion to supply food , other items .  indictment says company presented false claims , overcharged .  investigation is still under way .  company did not return calls seeking commen .
 landrieu blames racism for obama 's unpopularity <sec> sen. mary landrieu argued the president has a hard time in the south because of his race .  the louisiana democrat also argued that the region is tough for women .  republican gov . .  bobby jindal called her comments `` remarkably divisive .
 wawrinka and williams progress in miami <sec> swiss equals best result at miami masters with win over edouard roger-vasselin .  wawrinka has never gone further than last 16 in miami .  serena williams and maria sharapova both progress to quarterfinal .
 afghan army , police pose growing risk to u.s. , nato troops <sec> peter bergen : nato troops falling victim to shooting by afghan forces .  he says the trust that once existed between nato , afghans has been eroded .  plans for drawing down u.s. , nato troops assume handover of duties to afghans .  bergen : does nato have a plan b .
 cnn exclusive : obama says walmart , apple , others to help jobless <sec> in interview with cnn , president says companies sign on to plan to boost hiring .  action in line with obama 's pledge to take executive action on stalled initiatives .  this plan aims to help long-term unemployed as jobs market lags economic recovery .  new : rep. paul ryan says obama trying an `` end run '' around congres .
 yahoo 'recycling ' old e-mail , raising security concerns <sec> yahoo will `` recycle '' dormant account names and e-mail addresses .  the move is meant to free up attractive ids for active users .  security experts fear this could jeopardize privacy .  yahoo is `` committed and confident '' the transition will be saf .
 boston marathon bombs similar to 'lone wolf ' devices , experts say <sec> boston marathon bombs seem to follow widely available recipe , experts say .  `` lone wolf '' devices worry the intelligence community because there 's `` no trail , no intelligence '' .  al qaeda , u.s. right-wing extremists use hard-to-trace bombs , experts sa .
 'a long night ' at quantico marine base : 3 dead in shooting <sec> the shooter gunned down a man and a woman , base officials said .  the shooter then apparently killed himself , they said ; all are marines .  the incident was reported thursday night .  victims are personnel in the officer candidate schoo .
 amy poehler talks hosting golden globes with tina fey <sec> poehler says host last year 's golden globes `` was really fun '' .  `` i ca n't stress enough how little we will prepare , '' for next year 's show she says .  the actress says it 's exciting to work with tina fe .
 looking back on 50 years of 'doctor who ' <sec> producer marcus wilson has worked on `` doctor who '' since 2011 .  series celebrates 50th anniversary saturday with special episode .  wilson shares his thoughts on the show 's longevit .
 disc jockey dj am dies <sec> adam `` dj am '' goldstein was found unconscious in his apartment .  there is no criminality suspected at this time , '' police say in statement .  `` the circumstances surrounding his death are unclear , '' goldstein 's publicist says .  he was one of two survivors of a september plane crash in south carolin .
 ricky martin says he 's 'a fortunate homosexual man ' <sec> singer ricky martin declared publicly that he is gay .  martin says , `` i am proud to say that i am a fortunate homosexual man '' .  his song `` livin ' la vida loca '' rose to top of music charts in 199 .
 nsa snooping triggers lawsuits <sec> philadelphia couple , aclu file lawsuits over surveillance .  court complaints involve nsa phone monitoring .  legal challenges expected to be uphill fight in federal courts .  president barack obama says surveillance necessary and lawful to fight terro .
 police fend off protesters at u.s. consulate in pakistan <sec> new : some rocks hit the consulate building , a u.s. embassy spokeswoman says .  some police fired water cannons .  video shows protesters running from baton-wielding officers .  the consulate took safety measure .
 review : 'about last night ' <sec> `` about last night '' tells the story of two couples who are polar opposites .  the movie is a third-generation copy of a david mamet stage play .  it stars michael ealy , kevin hart , joy bryant and regina hall .  the movie is watchable and a bit less mediocre than a 1986 versio .
 'straw ' purchase ruling a setback for gun-rights advocates <sec> former police officer convicted of buying a gun for an uncle but not saying so .  federal law aimed at transparency in gun sales to keep them out of the wrong hands .  court ruled narrowly , supports obama administration position on the issu .
 tapes hold n. ireland murder secrets <sec> tapes made in secret by former fighters across sectarian divide offer chilling insights .  now a fight is brewing over whether police can have access to them .  northern ireland police and one family think the tapes may help victims of the violence .  researchers say releasing the tapes puts at risk the lives of those who spoke to the .
 convicted killer beheaded , put on display in saudi arabia <sec> man executed for kidnapping , killing boy and killing of the boy 's father .  ahmed al-shamlani al-anzi was sentenced to death and then `` crucifixion '' .  `` crucifixion '' describes public display , but not connected to christianity .  amnesty international condemns action ; officials say it is a deterren .
 obama : u.s. would go after other high-profile targets in pakistan <sec> president obama tells the bbc that u.s. security is paramount .  the u.s. raid on osama bin laden has strained relations with pakista .
 no cyberstalking charges for petraeus ' mistress broadwell <sec> paula broadwell happy to have cyberstalking case behind her , source says .  she wo n't face cyberstalking charges , u.s. attorney 's office says .  investigators tracked e-mails back to broadwell .  the e-mails led investigators to broadwell 's affair with former cia director david petraeu .
 atletico secure crucial win at panathinaikos <sec> atletico madrid beat panathinaikos 3-2 in champions league qualifier first leg .  lyon look poised for a 10th year in competition after thumping anderlecht 5-0 .  zurich , debrecen and maccabi haifa also edge closer to reaching group stag .
 ugandan t-shirt brand devoted to '100 % african-made ' <sec> definition africa is a booming t-shirt retailer based in kampala , uganda .  ugandan life is key inspiration for the brand 's bright and stylish designs .  all products are manufactured locally , with the aim of supporting local and regional maker .
 egypt says it hit isis targets in libya after killings <sec> airstrikes hit 10 targets in an isis stronghold in libya , egypt 's foreign minister says .  islamist militias in the city say the bombings killed women and children .  isis had released a video that appeared to show the beheadings of egyptian christian .
 strange bedfellows -- iran and al qaeda <sec> osama bin laden 's son-in-law , now in custody , had spent time in iran .  peter bergen says members of bin laden 's inner circle lived for years in iran .  he says it was an odd tie since religious differences separate shiite iran from sunnis .  bergen : iran may have wanted to use al qaeda members as a bargaining chip with u.s .
 the power of nostalgia at thanksgiving <sec> nostalgia comes from the greek word for homecoming ( nostos ) and pain ( algos ) .  nostalgic products fill a need to belong and feel socially connected .  people who are alone or disconnected feel better after engaging in nostalgi .
 in-form ligety claims slalom win <sec> ted ligety wins world cup giant slalom at alta badia .  u.s. star has won three of four giant slaloms so far this season .  slovenia 's tina maze wins fourth consecutive women 's world cup slalom .  u.s. star lindsay vonn fails to score a single point for third straight rac .
 reports : italian hostage shot four times during failed rescue <sec> an autopsy is conducted on franco lamolinara , who was killed in a failed rescue attempt .  italian lawmakers are scheduled to meet over the matter .  the british foreign secretary cites danger in explaining why rome was n't informed sooner .  abductors seized lamolinara and briton chris mcmanus in northwestern nigeria in ma .
 germany 's angela merkel fractures pelvis in skiing accident <sec> angela merkel fractures pelvis in skiing accident in switzerland over winter holiday .  her injuries are not serious , and she will make a full recovery , a spokesman says .  merkel will need help walking and will cancel some commitments , spokesman say .
 liverpool close on elusive english title with win over man city <sec> liverpool beat manchester city in crucial match at top of epl .  philippe coutinho goal seals 3-2 victory at anfield .  fans mark 25th anniversary of hillsborough disaster .  chelsea beat swansea 1-0 in late kick off to keep pac .
 attorney : ga. principal posts $ 50,000 bond after arrest in child-sex sting <sec> principal released on $ 50,000 bond , is told to stay away from children .  sting targeted people who found children online , arrange to have sex , gbi says .  douglas county , georgia , principal arrested in state police sting , reports say .  attorney : principal 's phone confiscated as evidence when he was arreste .
 end culture of rape in 2013 <sec> lauren wolfe : brutal rape that killed an indian women has caused a global outcry .  in somalia , women are planning protest next month against gender violence .  she says acceptance of rape culture in domestic life and war is rampant .  wolfe : in 2013 , make all sexualized violence unacceptabl .
 man who would n't walk again finishes marathon <sec> phil packer , 36 , was wounded in the aftermath of a rocket attack in iraq .  he walked on crutches for two miles a day to finish the london marathon .  he finished the marathon saturday , 13 days after everyone els .
 opinion : jolie 's choice carries risks with benefits <sec> aaron carroll : jolie op-ed on elective double mastectomy was brave , raised consciousness .  women have more info today to make such a decision , but it also has downsides , he says .  he says other women , such as peggy orenstein , have written about opting not to do it .  carroll : jolie 's decision was brave , but orenstein 's was , to .
 should you upgrade to the iphone 5 ? <sec> the iphone 5 's speed is a significant upgrade for gamers and photographers .  the new , taller screen size is perfect for widescreen movies , but many apps do n't fit the new size yet .  owners of iphone 3gs and older models should definitely consider upgrading .  decision is harder for owners of later model .
 dem . candidate wo n't say if she voted for obama <sec> alison lundergan grimes wo n't say if she voted for president obama in 2008 or 2012 .  this is the most recent attempt to distance herself from her party 's unpopular leader .  grimes has repeatedly called herself a `` clinton democrat .
 russia begins to restrict natural gas supplies to belarus <sec> new : belarus says it ca n't guarantee natural gas transit to europe .  talks to continue over debts owed to russia by belarus .  gas cuts will be `` gradual '' .  gazprom operates the world 's largest natural gas distribution networ .
 new jersey judge paves way for same-sex marriages <sec> judge upholds her september ruling on same-sex marriage .  civil unions are allowed in new jersey for same-sex couples .  judge says that 's not enough to allow couples federal benefit .
 obama 's second-choice cabinet picks <sec> obama is expected to nominate ashton carter as defense secretary .  carter emerged as the frontrunner after other candidates withdrew .  obama has had to make second choices for several cabinet position .
 abuse alleged at oprah winfrey 's south african school <sec> report : student says dorm parent grabbed her by the throat .  winfrey aides say she flew to south africa twice to speak to parents , pupils .  winfrey founded $ 40 million school in january to help disadvantaged girl .
 nigerian churches call christmas bombings 'declaration of war ' <sec> christian leaders say churches are `` fast losing confidence '' in the government .  they say muslim leaders ' responses to the christmas attacks are `` unacceptable '' .  nigeria 's president calls for unity and pledges to find those responsible .  his government has blamed the islamic extremists of boko haram for the attack .
 indian police issue terror alert in mumbai <sec> new : extra security urged for various sites , a source familiar with the alert says .  mumbai police say four terrorism suspects have entered the indian city .  they are believed to belong to the lashkar-e-tayyiba terrorist group .  the pakistan-based group was blamed for the 2008 attacks in mumba .
 pedrosa conquers wet conditions at le mans to claim title lead <sec> dani pedrosa wins rain-hit french motogp at le mans .  britain 's cal crutchlow claims superb career-best second place .  pedrosa takes title lead from repsol honda teammate marc marquez .  marquez pips ducati 's andrea dovisiozo for third plac .
 peace rules as polls close in iraq <sec> new : president obama praises election , says he 's `` proud '' of collaborative efforts .  preliminary results of provincial elections expected within five days .  polls close after one-hour extension ; no serious violence reported .  `` there is a new norm of politics , '' deputy prime minister say .
 possible shooting plot stopped in canada <sec> canadian authorities say they stopped a planned mass shooting at a public place .  two men and a woman arrested and a fourth suspect is found dead , police sa .
 anger in bangladesh focuses on aid rejection , building owner <sec> police fire rubber bullets at protesters calling for death of building owner .  britain and the u.n. say their offers of help were turned down .  authorities appear confused about the issue , but bangladeshis express dismay .  at the scene of the disaster , large cranes sift through the rubble to uncover bodie .
 australian election : why jaded voters opted for tony abbott <sec> questions remain about how tony abbott will handle top job , says michelle grattan .  he inherits electorate that is disillusioned with and disengaged from politics , she adds .  new pm , while conservative , is likely to be centrist and pragmatic - grattan .  challenge for australia is end reliance on mining secto .
 fan tales : a vietnamese football experience <sec> daniel and clinton rowling in vietnam when the country wins asean cup .  vietnam defeated thailand in hanoi to claim the trophy for the first time .  in the post-match celebrations five people were killed and dozens injure .
 egypt 's military moves to allay fears of instability <sec> new : cabinet posts will be offered to the muslim brotherhood , salafists .  the decree would grant adly mansour limited legislative powers .  no deadline is set for the announcement of a new government .  the declaration outlines a timetable for parliamentary and presidential election .
 saturn 's hometown stunned over brand 's demise <sec> saturn 's demise leaves spring hill , tennessee , residents dismayed .  town was where the first saturn rolled off assembly line in 1990 .  gm announced plans to shut down saturn brand after penske fails to reach dea .
 fda issues warning to 'breathable ' caffeine maker <sec> aeroshot 's labeling is `` false and misleading , '' fda says .  marketing seems to imply supplement can be inhaled , fda says .  breathable energy says product is ingested , `` not 'inhaled ' into the lungs '' .  fda gives company 15 working days to respond or face possible regulatory actio .
 plane crash kills 12 in canada 's arctic <sec> new : two black boxes are found at the crash site .  the canadian safety board will investigate the crash .  three people are injured , one critically .  the flight went down about 10 minutes after its last reported communicatio .
