 nazi war crimes suspect granted emergency stay <sec> attorney general 's representatives said court has no jurisdiction .  immigration agents picked up john demjanjuk at home near cleveland , ohio .  demjanjuk , 89 , has been fighting charges of nazi war crimes for 20-plus years .  german authorities accuse demjanjuk of involvement in killings at nazi death cam .
 u.s. helicopters arrive in pakistan to assist relief efforts <sec> new : seven of 19 helicopters promised by u.s. have arrived in pakistan .  independence celebrations called off amid widespread flooding .  prime minister says 20 million people have been affected .  officials fear hundreds of thousands could be strande .
 faa says new 'safety culture ' will stress solutions , not blame <sec> faa officials say the agency wo n't punish any employees who report making mistakes .  change will reduce `` stigma '' of errors , says faa chief operating officer david grizzle .  grizzle : `` we do n't condone '' errors , but `` we presume the good intent of our controllers '' .  faa is expanding a system already in force with air traffic controller .
 berlusconi gets 1-year sentence over published wiretap <sec> new : silvio berlusconi will appeal the verdict .  new : his lawyer says the case shows judicial bias against berlusconi .  the former prime minister was accused of publishing a rival 's wiretapped conversation .  berlusconi 's brother also was sentenced to priso .
 nakoula , 'innocence of muslims ' filmmaker , set to be released <sec> nakoula basseley nakoula is set to be released thursday from a federal halfway house .  he 'd been there and in a federal prison for violating his probation in a bank fraud case .  those violations came to light amid the uproar over his film , `` the innocence of muslims '' .  that movie spurred virulent anti-american protests in nations around the islamic worl .
 larry king joins bid to buy l.a. dodgers <sec> king says he 's bidding as a part of an investor group .  the former cnn talk show host is a native of brooklyn , where the dodgers once played .  the club filed for bankruptcy in june , and owner frank mccourt agreed to sel .
 nigerian police free 30 girls in alleged 'baby industry ' <sec> police raid a clinic in abia state after a tip .  the girls rescued were used to give birth and their children sold , police say .  officials : the oldest girl rescued at the clinic is age 2 .
 tyler , the creator 's arresting weekend <sec> tyler , the creator was arrested in austin .  rapper accused of inciting a riot at sxsw .  he said he will return to the texas capital when things are more `` chill .
 no warm welcome for paraguay 's new president <sec> new : argentina withdraws its ambassador to paraguay .  several leaders condemn the impeachment of former president lugo .  president federico franco says the process was constitutional .  some leaders say they refuse to recognize the franco governmen .
 georgia death row inmate denied high court review <sec> the case involves an inmate 's complaint of trial delay due to a budget shortfall .  georgia 's supreme court ruled the system worked adequately .  u.s. justices reject the appeal without commen .
 singapore holds funeral for co-founder lee kuan yew <sec> `` the light that has guided us all these years has been extinguished , '' lee 's son says .  crowds line the streets fo the city-state to pay final respects to lee , who died monda .
 south korea president to donate salary to poor <sec> south korean leader lee myung-bak says he will donate his salary to help the poor .  while mayor of seoul , he donated salary to children of street cleaners and firefighters .  lee is a former ceo of an engineering and construction compan .
 indian , pakistani troops clash on kashmir border <sec> pakistani military confirms the gunfire , but says indian troops fired at its soldiers .  india alleges that pakistani border troops fired across the line of control in kashmir .  indian troops retaliated `` appropriately , '' army spokesman says .  kashmir is a source of bitter dispute between india and pakista .
 medical tourism : have illness , will travel <sec> two to three million people travel abroad for medical treatment each year .  leading destinations for medical tourists include singapore and thailand .  surgery at a top hospital in india can cost one-tenth of its u.s. price .  an eu draft directive could lead to increased medical travel within the e .
 who do you want to see on passion to portfolio ? <sec> we want to know who you want to see featured on passion to portfolio .  it can be anyone who successfully turned their passion or hobby into a career .  let us know by leaving a comment below the stor .
 tulsa shooting : deputy who shot eric harris surrenders <sec> reserve deputy robert bates surrenders to authorities , posts bail of $ 25,000 .  bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter in the killing of eric harri .
 stunned celebrities mourn whitney houston <sec> celebrities express sadness after learning about whitney houston 's death .  simon cowell : `` one of the greatest voices of our lifetime '' .  quincy jones : `` she was a true original and a talent beyond compare '' .  christina aguilera : `` her notes soared to places most singers dream of reaching .
 china on alert over deadly child virus <sec> new : xinhua says 3,736 cases in kids in city of fuyang , 4,529 in anhui province .  new : province south of beijing upgrades health emergency to allow quarantines .  new : virus can cause poliolike paralysis ; death toll at 22 .  outbreak worries chinese officials preparing for beijing olympic .
 suge knight , katt williams arrested in theft case <sec> the alleged incident happened september 5 , authorities say .  suge knight could face up to 30 years in prison .  katt williams was arrested while heading to court for another cas .
 champion stoner sets early pace in qatar <sec> two-time world champion casey stoner wins first practice session of the motogp opener in qatar .  the honda rider was followed by yamaha 's jorge lorenzo and ducati 's nicky hayden .  stoner struggles against chatter issues but manages to take the race in 1'54.474 .  valentino rossi hopes to turn around a disappointing year , finishing 10t .
 michael jackson reaches his 'final resting place ' <sec> jackson 's three kids , led by daughter , paris , placed a crown atop their father 's coffin .  clifton davis sang `` never can say goodbye , '' a hit he wrote for the jackson 5 .  guests included elizabeth taylor , lisa marie presley and macaulay culki .
 living in the shadows of cape town 's table mountain <sec> cnn 's errol barnett visited the table mountain in cape town , south africa .  a descendant of khoi , the first people to live near the mountain showed barnett a sacred place .  barnett also met an environmentalist to learn about water protection in the region .  the journey ended with a breathtaking view as barnett reached the top of the mountai .
 experts : internet filtering and censorship rife <sec> governments filtering internet content by blocking access and removing sites .  georgia , russia conflict highlighted many issues at play with internet filtering .  study : almost two-thirds of 40 countries in the world are filtering conten .
 review : 'stand up guys ' <sec> al pacino and christopher walken star as grumpy old sociopaths in `` stand up guys '' .  pacino and walken play second-rate baltimore gangsters in their late 60s .  `` stand up guys '' is director fisher stevens first dramatic featur .
 another sex harassment accusation for san diego mayor bob filner <sec> first on cnn : san diego businesswoman becomes mayor bob filner 's 18th accuser .  dianne york tells cnn that filner touched buttocks during a photo opportunity three months ag .
 northwest airlines found to violate faa rules <sec> a federal investigation finds northwest airlines violated faa safety directives .  the investigation by the u.s. office of special counsel corroborates a whistleblower .  the whistleblower alleged the carrier did not have adequate policies and procedure .
 'orphan black 's ' clone club expands : what to watch <sec> critically acclaimed series `` orphan black '' returns .  `` turn : washington 's spies '' starts a second season .  `` game of thrones '' is back for season fiv .
 'rudolph the red-nosed reindeer ' turns 50 <sec> the beloved 'rudolph ' special turns 50 this year .  it 's the longest-running holiday special .  the story has become a fan favorit .
 europe 's pain is coming america 's way <sec> frida ghitis : the pain of budget cutbacks is being felt in many parts of europe .  she says in reality the decisions are about who will pay more -- and receive less .  america has rightly been spared budget cutbacks in the midst of a recession , she says .  ghitis : the u.s. debt is growing at unsustainable pace , day of reckoning is comin .
 monks ' proposed ban on interfaith marriage raises fears in myanmar <sec> myanmar 's government is considering a law banning interfaith marriage .  it is in response to a call from extremist buddhist monks to `` protect race and religion '' .  myanmar has been plagued by violence between buddhists and muslims in recent years .  rights organizations fear such laws will create further divisions and prejudic .
 in defense of sarah palin 's english <sec> roy peter clark : sarah palin 's creation of a new work , `` refudiate , '' was inspired .  he says blending words has a long history in english .  the words `` web '' and `` log '' gave birth to `` blog , '' clark says .  clark : `` i 'm for more fun and more color in political speech .
 u.n. diplomats trade suits for soccer shorts <sec> u.n. dignitaries play soccer to support group that promotes peace .  the group play31 advocates the power of sport to bring young people together .  secretary-general ban ki-moon , ever the diplomat , changed teams at halftime .  the performance by ban , 64 , was `` amazing , '' says one ambassado .
 coves , cliffs and lighthouses on canada 's epic east coast <sec> halifax , nova scotia is a hub of live music pubs , festivals and historic architecture .  make a stop at lunenburg , the province 's only unesco world heritage site .  outside of june to october the coast will be fiercely cold and most businesses will be close .
 opinion : sterling is clueless ; here 's the magic johnson i know <sec> rick wade says magic johnson has put his money where his mouth is in the urban market .  donald sterling criticized johnson : `` what does he do for the black people ? .  he does n't do anything . '' .  sterling , says wade , is just dead wrong .  johnson has invested in real estate , theaters , restaurants , sports teams and starbucks franchise .
 watch march madness at work ? <sec> friedman : companies should encourage their employees to bond over ncaa tournament games .  research shows the value of cultivating friendships among co-worker .
 newsquiz : week of october 1 <sec> use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student news .  write your answers in the space provided .  today 's newsquiz includes the media literacy question of the da .
 state party rules give candidates shot at big super tuesday delegate gains <sec> state party rules allow some chance of candidates shutting out opponents .  mitt romney is most likely to benefit from complext allocation rules .  newt gingrich has shot at picking up all of georgia 's 76 delegates .  winner take all scenarios possible in other states but unlikel .
 frozen niagara falls draws tourists <sec> ice has suddenly blossomed across the great lakes , putting a record in reach .  niagara falls looks iced over as well , drawing even more tourists to the sit .
 nidal hasan court-martial jury calls it a night <sec> deliberations are suspended for the night .  jurors asked two questions before recessing for the day .  a jury is weighing whether army maj. nidal hasan is guilty .  hasan has admitted killing 13 people and wounding 32 others in november 200 .
 djokovic stuns federer in semifinals <sec> novak djokovic beats world no . .  2 roger federer in australian open semifinals .  third seed triumphs 7-6 ( 7-3 ) 7-5 6-4 to end swiss superstar 's title reign .  serbian will play either fifth seed andy murray or david ferrer in sunday 's final .  he is seeking to win the tournament for the second time to follow up 2008 succes .
 iranians clash with police on hostage crisis anniversary <sec> new : reformist leaders stopped from attending anti-government rallies , web site says .  marchers gather in tehran on 30th anniversary of the u.s. embassy takeover .  anti-american rallies mark 1979 hostage-taking after students stormed embassy .  protests by reformists followed disputed june presidential electio .
 opinion : who 's to blame for student debt crisis <sec> ben cohen , edward erikson : are we serious about solving student debt crisis ? .  cohen , erikson : the root of the problem is influence of money in politics .  students suffer but sallie mae profits while owning 15 % of student debt , they say .  cohen , erikson : corporations like sallie mae lobby congress ; we need to change tha .
 leonardo da vinci : the man , the myth , the mystery <sec> few historical figures continue to enchant like leonardo da vinci .  renaissance man considered mysterious and inscrutable .  intitally a painter , towards end of life he became a scientist .  works show a questing , never satisfied mind , according to art historian .
 awami league wins bangladesh election <sec> new : awami league claims nearly 230 of the 300 seats in parliament .  the rival bangladesh nationalist party is in second with 31 seats .  polls were the first after two years of an army-backed caretaker government .  the balloting went off peacefully , except for a few skirmishe .
 louisiana doctor describes clusters of ailments among gulf residents <sec> dozens of patients are suffering similarly , dr. robichaux says .  `` there 's no question '' ailments are connected to oil exposure , says doctor .  memory loss , pulmonary , gastrointestinal problems are among the symptoms suffere .
 police : suspect entered new mexico school with sawed-off shotgun , plan <sec> new : source : the suspect had a journal at home describing `` what he wanted to do '' .  new : his father bought the gun used in shooting at walmart ; other guns were locked up .  this 12-year-old is accused of shooting 2 students in his school 's gymnasium .  his parents say a judge ordered that their son receive mental health treatmen .
 tsa find of the week : spear gun <sec> tsa recovers 21-inch spear gun and utlity knife from passenger flying to antigua .  spear guns are among the sports goods prohibited from carry-on luggage .  most passengers who carry prohibited items do so without ill intent , tsa say .
 india says long-range missile test was a success <sec> singh says the launch adds credibility to india 's security .  the test firing met all of its objectives , an official says .  the missile is called agni , which means `` fire '' in hindi .  its range puts major chinese cities within striking distanc .
 hurricane rafael leaves bermuda behind <sec> new : about 600 homes lose power in bermuda .  new : winds reached 51 mph at the airport , weather service says .  in the pacific , paul loses strength , turns without making landfal .
 house speaker boehner vote - cnnpolitics.com <sec> boehner opponents face fallout .  house votes to give boehner another term as speaker .  gop opposition to boehner doubled from 201 .
 reverend : if heaven is integrated , why not churches ? <sec> church in orange county seeks members of all races .  pastor says all races share many problems of daily life .  not all people think segregated churches are a bad idea .  churches need to adapt to make all races feel more comfortable , experts sa .
 senior ukrainian olympic official suspended after ticket row <sec> senior member of ukraine national olympic committee ( unoc ) suspended .  volodymyr gerashchenko said to have agreed to sell 100 games tickets on black market .  gerashchenko suspended by unoc president sergey bubka wednesda .
 no more annual pap smear : new cervical cancer screening guidelines <sec> in 2009 , about 4,000 u.s. women died of cervix cancer .  new recommendations : women under 21 should not be tested .  combining the pap test and hpv testing every 3 to 5 years is preferred for ages 30 and olde .
 u.n. meets on libya amid concern over secret airstrikes <sec> u.n. security council resolution includes sanctions for those involved in violence in libya .  it demands an immediate ceasefire and end to fighting in libya .  the pentagon believes egypt and the united arab emirates carried out airstrikes in libya .  egyptian leaders have denied the claim and a uae minister has dismissed i .
 king : they 'll take small victories in struggling mississippi county <sec> jefferson county is fourth-poorest in u.s. ; the recession came late but hit hard .  sometimes , breadwinners must leave state , and their families , to scrape by .  county administrator brenda t. buck wants to bring jobs close to home .  she considers every new job created in her county a small victor .
 un : wartime rape no more inevitable , acceptable than mass murder <sec> wartime rape is `` the least condemned and most silenced war crime , '' u.n. official says .  u.n. initiative aims to put sexual violence in conflicts on international policy map .  u.n. is monitoring five countries because of sexual violence in conflicts .  in congo , more than 200,000 women have been raped in 12 years of fighting , u.n. say .
 why modi visit crucial for u.s. , world ( opinion ) <sec> madeleine albright : visit of india pm modi a chance for he and obama to reaffirm trust .  they must tackle political , environmental , economic , security issues ; wo n't always agree .  she says india can be force for stability amid regional turmoil ; shows solidarity against terror .  albright : india , u.s. should cooperate , build partnership for economic growt .
 mancini sacking no surprise for balotelli <sec> mario balotelli not surprised by roberto mancini 's sacking by manchester city owners .  balotelli worked under the italian coach at manchester city and inter milan .  italy striker describes mancini as a `` great manager '' .  forward says there were `` problems inside '' city squa .
 lauren bacall , the last existential heroine ( opinion ) <sec> lauren bacall , a hollywood icon , died on tuesday at the age of 89 .  neal gabler : she would be defined by her marriage to the great actor humphrey bogart .  he says self-possessed bacall was the perfect noir woman , she had the right attitude .  gabler : despite the razor 's edge she brought to screen , her persona outlasted its tim .
 second tibetan nun burns to death in china <sec> death of the nun , identified as qiu xiang , was reported by state-run xinhua and exile groups .  she is the second tibetan woman , and sixth person overall , to die in this way since march .  activists say the suicides reflect an increasingly repressive environment under beijing 's control .  china rejects accusations of oppression , saying its rule has greatly improved living standard .
 how german football is embracing israel <sec> german soccer players talk about their moving visit to holocaust museum yad vashem .  players tell cnn of their experiences of playing at under-21 tournament in israel .  germany and israel enjoy close relationship within the world of football .  both countries working together to develop referees , coaches and young talen .
 al qaeda in iraq claims responsibility for recent attacks <sec> the claims are made on an al qaeda website .  there are fears of a return of sectarian bloodshed in iraq .  a string of explosions killed dozens of people last week .  violence and political turmoil erupted just days after u.s. troops withdre .
 pentagon : there are 'indications ' that iran may have bombed isis in iraq <sec> u.s. secretary of state says iranian actions against isis could have a positive effect .  an iranian military leader says the united states is at a `` strategic dead-end '' .  regional reports say that iran bombed isis targets in eastern iraq .  both the u.s. and iran say their militaries do not communicat .
 thailand 's new constitution may recognize third gender <sec> thailand constitution looks to recognize third gender .  people have right to change sex and be protected by thai constitution , says spokesma .
