 tea party group aims for 'winning by building , building by winning ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> freedomworks pursuing grassroots strategy that aims to build long-term organization .  author : tea party movement becoming a permanent special interest group within the gop .  freedomworks ceo : once activists become connected , you just have to `` feed the machine '' .  indiana tea party activist : `` you unite , you 'll change the world .
 stradivarius violin stolen from milwaukee symphony concertmaster <sec> the violin , made by antonio stradivari , dates to 1715 and is worth millions .  the instrument belongs to milwaukee symphony concertmaster frank almond .  stradivari is the world 's most celebrated violin make .
 london olympics delivered under budget <sec> british government says london 2012 delivered $ 601 million under budget .  the total cost of the games forecasted at £8.921 billion , rather than £9.298 billion .  london 2012 organizers hand over the olympic park to legacy developers .  $ 467 million to be spent on creating homes , schools , nursuries and a librar .
 india set to test its long-distance missile <sec> the launch of the missile is expected between wednesday and friday .  the missile is called agni , which means `` fire '' in hindi .  `` it 's the most advanced missile so far , '' official say .
 china kills 13,000 birds to control 'epidemic ' <sec> china kills 13,000 birds in northwest to control what it calls an epidemic of bird flu .  500 fowl that died in xinjiang uygur autonomous region tested positive for h5n1 .  in late january , china confirmed its sixth case of bird flu in a human .  the virus has killed more than 200 people since 200 .
 park city and the art of après-ski <sec> the after-ski social hour is a true reward for the half-hearted skier .  park city , utah , is a picturesque base of après-ski operations .  prime rib and locally distilled whiskey hit the spot after a day on the slope .
 william and catherine expecting royal child <sec> catherine suffers hyperemesis gravidarum , more severe than typical morning sickness .  the child would be next in line to the british throne after william .  the pregnancy is in `` its very early stages , '' the palace says .  the birth would bring the first grandchild for prince charles and the late dian .
 opposite sides of the stadium : family football rivalries <sec> collegiate bowl season can divide couples because of their school loyalties .  one couple will sit on opposite sides of the stadium for the chick-fil-a bowl .  football conference rivalries also cause family members to clas .
 elephant crushes australian zookeeper <sec> zookeeper crushed after elephant pins her to post in australian zoo .  taronga zoo investigating why the elephant `` challenged the keeper '' .  calf involved was known as the `` miracle '' elephant born in 2010 .  the asian elephant was conceived as part of the zoo 's breeding progra .
 witness : virginia lacrosse player had arm around woman 's neck <sec> new : a man says he heard cries of `` help me ! '' .  while at a virginia apartment complex .  new : he testifies he saw george huguely with his arms around yeardley love 's neck .  new : the crying young woman told him `` thank you , '' the witness testifies .  huguely is charged with murdering love ; his lawyers call her death an acciden .
 commentary : caroline kennedy has n't earned senate seat <sec> hank sheinkopf : some treating caroline kennedy 's senate bid as a done deal .  he says kennedy has n't been vocal on many of the key issues we face .  sheinkopf : what qualifies kennedy to be given priority for the vacant seat ? .  he says gov . .  paterson has to worry about facing voters in 201 .
 nfl , ex-players reach deal in concussion lawsuit <sec> nfl will pay $ 765 million to fund medical exams , research , mediator says .  agreement between nfl and ex-players still needs to be approved by judge .  class-action suit alleged league did n't do enough to warn players about brain damage risk .
 top iphone , ipad apps now free in apple store <sec> top iphone , ipad apps being offered for free .  change comes as apple app store 's five-year anniversary approaches .  games like `` infinity blade ii , '' tools like `` map my ride '' on list .  priciest freebie is the normally $ 19.99 traktor d .
 obama : u.s. concludes syria carried out chemical weapons attacks <sec> new : germany and britain agree `` syria can not continue unpunished '' .  president barack obama says no decision has been made on syria strike .  obama tells pbs that syria carried out chemical attacks .  syria says rebels obtained materials for chemical weapons from other countrie .
 opinion : what saints can teach us <sec> pope john paul ii and pope john xxiii were canonized as saints .  david perry : this is significant for catholics , but non-catholics should care too .  he says both men offer a model of risk-taking based on a strong sense of moral purpose .  perry : canonization is an attempt to turn the church away from decades of infightin .
 financial world awaits uk election results <sec> elections hold fate of the world 's fifth largest economy and a major financial center .  world markets will watch carefully the outcome of election as eurozone troubles escalate .  the uk has the largest projected deficit in 2010 , according to the european commissio .
 who won thursday 's debate ? martha raddatz <sec> martha raddatz won kudos as moderator of the vice presidential debate .  she scored a fan following on twitter and criticism from conservatives for her performance .  fellow journalists gave raddatz a thumbs up for tough questioning .  jim lehrer , moderator of last week 's presidential debate , got low marks for his performanc .
 tv formats for sale : a chance to find ratings gold <sec> about 12,000 attendees will examine formats and programs for sale next week at miptv .  format sellers help buyers adapt programs to the viewers in different countries .  it 's a tv business that 's been growing since 1951 .  interactive shows such as canada 's `` recipe to riches '' may start a tren .
 from the desert to the ice : the 'freezing omanis ' take on antarctica <sec> a pair of omani environmental activists have joined an antarctic expedition .  in preparation , they have been chilling their bodies in an industrial freezer for months .  temperatures can often hit 50 degrees celsius in oman .  the expedition is to raise awareness of antarctica 's ecological importanc .
 japan fireworks festival explosion injures dozens <sec> dozens injured when food wagon explodes at fireworks festival .  blast happened before fireworks started at fukuchiyama city in kyoto .  it 's believed food vendor was trying to refuel generator when blast occurre .
 5 of southeast asia 's darkest destinations <sec> dark tourism is gaining ground as more travelers seek out authentic experiences .  establishment of the institute for dark tourism research has given the genre newfound respectability .  sites in southeast asia include cambodia 's killing fields , thailand tsunami memorials , 'haunted ' penang hil .
 ginsburg offers 'greatest hits ' summary of past term <sec> ginsburg cites rulings on election reform , picketing at funerals .  justice lists some of the year 's most unusual quotes from bench .  `` does al qaeda know all this stuff ? '' .  `` where is the 9,000-foot cow ? .
 kaka : brazil 's mls star with his eye on world cup 2018 <sec> kaka gearing up to appear in the mls for orlando city .  former ac milan and real madrid star keen to resurrect international career .  89-times capped star says he wants to play in 2018 world cup in russi .
 flooding in china kills 16 , forces thousands from homes <sec> storms disrupted traffic , triggered landslides , cut electricity across southern china .  media : authorities send precautionary text messages to more than 1 million people .  financial damage caused by rain , flooding has been estimated at $ 35.4 millio .
 opinion : how to help lake providence , louisiana <sec> cnn features a town in louisiana with the nation 's highest income inequality .  john sutter : many readers are asking how they can help people in the area .  a group provides job training programs in lake providence and surrounding towns .  catholic charities helps low-income residents pay bills in emergency situation .
 commentary : who does sotomayor empathize with ? <sec> leslie sanchez : obama sought a high-court nominee who would show empathy .  but , sanchez asks , as a justice , who would sotomayor empathize with ? .  hispanic community places high value on entrepreneurship and family , she says .  sanchez : will sotomayor share those values if confirmed to the court .
 nick symmonds blasts russia on gay rights at moscow track championship <sec> nick symmonds is first athlete to openly criticize anti-gay law on russian soil .  runner says he will do anything to champion equality , except get arrested .  the american took a silver medal at world track & field championships .  russian law prohibits talk of gay rights , relationships in earshot of childre .
 cnn student news transcript : november 30 , 2010 <sec> the u.s. state department handles the fallout after secret documents appear on wikileaks .  china suggests a meeting to handle tensions between north korea and south korea .  supporters and opponents weigh in on the dream act .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 opinion : uk doctor 's death in syria no suicide , says former official <sec> writer : i know the regime killed him because the pattern of events is so typical .  'many regime officials have been assassinated and we were told they committed suicide ' .  'if abbas truly killed himself , then he was driven to it by the extreme conditions he was in ' .  'his death should raise questions about how the world can help those suffering just like abbas .
 ronald reagan : same-sex marriage advocate ? <sec> paul kengor : patti davis says her father would have backed same-sex marriage .  he says there 's no evidence reagan would have supported rethinking of marriage .  kengor says reagan opposed prejudice against gays but was profoundly conservative .  he says reagan would have considered it but would have been reluctant to chang .
 deadly storms rip through midwest , south <sec> tornado hits kentucky with 136 to 165 mph winds , kills one .  three killed in southern missouri during high winds , thunderstorms , flash floods .  man dies of a heart attack after winds tossed him and his wife into an open field .  storm in west virginia destroys 400 buildings , severely damaged an 1,00 .
 jay carney joins cnn as commentator - cnnpolitics.com <sec> former obama spokesman debuts on cnn for president 's isis speech .  carney served in the obama administration since shortly after he was inaugurated .  before joining the white house , carney was bureau chief for time magazin .
 freeze may take heavy toll on florida citrus <sec> temperature in tallahassee drops to 18 on monday morning .  crops may have been damaged by 28-degree cold overnight saturday and sunday .  florida produces 40 percent of world 's orange juic .
 prince jackson blasts aunts , uncles over grandmother 's treatment <sec> new : prince 's account hacked after posting tweets against uncles , aunts , sister paris says .  `` i realized how misguided and how badly she was lied to , '' prince says about grandmother .  `` my dad had repeatedly warned me of certain people and their ways , '' he tweets .  katherine jackson returns home , but without guardianship of son michael 's childre .
 goodall : chimps ' plight inspired jackson 's 'heal the world ' <sec> jane goodall says michael jackson loved chimpanzees .  jackson wrote `` heal the world '' to call attention to chimpanzees ' problems .  song became a call to peace for humanity .  goodall said she found jackson to be a `` sad person .
 joshua macabuag in jozini <sec> joshua macabuag will report on his experiences in jozini , south africa .  he will work with the charity engineers without borders .  with ewb he will help build a new sports complex for the tow .
 2 students shot in philadelphia high school gym <sec> new : police : student initially identified as the shooter is `` cleared and released '' .  new : one wanted student had n't turned himself in by late friday as expected .  suspect opened fire in a philadelphia high school gym around 3:30 p.m . .  one male , one female student were shot in the arm , according to polic .
 'the daily show ' hires 'snl ' writer michael che as correspondent <sec> che joins in the wake of john oliver leaving .  he will join in june .  che won new york 's funniest stand-up competitio .
 shipping 's impact on the air <sec> shipping industry more harmful than previously thought .  estimates put emissions at as much as 1.2 billion tons .  more than 90 percent of global trade served by shipping industry .  more regulation needed , say environmental groups suing ep .
 stop shaming victims in college rapes ( opinion ) <sec> rolling stone says a freshman , jackie , was allegedly gang-raped by members of a fraternity .  sally kohn : when it comes to rape , there is so much shaming of the victim in our society .  she asks if a person reports murder or robbery , she will likely be believed , so why not rape ? .  kohn : uva , and other colleges , should take rape allegations seriously and investigat .
 sarkozy , obama bemoan netanyahu over open mic <sec> `` he 's a liar , '' sarkozy says of israeli pm , a french website reports .  `` you 're tired of him ; what about me ? '' .  the site quotes obama as responding .  neither leader 's office would comment on the report .  an israeli lawmaker says the report is `` unpleasant '' but not new .
 get to the top with mycoskie 's 5 tips <sec> blake mycoskie had launched four other start-ups before creating toms .  he ran the shoe company out of his apartment in the early days .  the business has since scaled tremendously and gives away shoes worldwid .
 fbi seeks victims of 'prolific ' international child predator <sec> fbi : william james vahey taught at private schools in 9 countries for 42 years .  he 's one of `` the most prolific alleged predators we 've ever seen , '' agent tells kprc .  thumb drive allegedly contained images depicting sexual assault on children .  fbi is asking potential victims to contact them or nearest american embass .
 neuer reaches milestone as bayern 's winning run ends <sec> german league leaders bayern munich held 0-0 by hoffenheim on saturday .  bayern goalkeeper manuel neuer yet to concede in 11 matches .  werder bremen can join bayern on 19 points with win at hanover on sunday .  defending champions borussia dortmund up to fourth with victor .
 security tight as iran 's ahmadinejad sworn in <sec> mahmoud ahmadinejad begins a second term as iran 's president .  the results of the june 12 election were widely disputed , sparking violent protests .  since the vote , iran has seen turmoil not witnessed since the 1979 islamic revolutio .
 will dengue fever threaten the world cup ? <sec> brazil has reported the most cases of dengue fever in south america over last 30 years .  high-risk cities are recife , fortaleza and natal , studies say .  many u.s. dengue cases involve travel to a dengue-endemic country .  hepatitis a and b , yellow fever , typhoid and malaria are also concerns during world cu .
 timeline of a dolphin rescue <sec> it took about four weeks and an hour for rescuers to help a dolphin calf .  fishing line was wrapped around its rostrum .  dolphin was rescued off the eastern coast of florid .
 should vets with ptsd still have access to guns ? - cnnpolitics.com <sec> former navy seal who was shot and killed helped veterans with stress disorder .  killing in texas raises new questions about mental health amid gun debate in washington .  suspect , a veteran , told police last year he was suffering from post traumatic stress .  plans in congress weigh expanding background checks , obama calls for action on gun .
 sudan 's president threatens end to darfur talks <sec> omar al-bashir says unless a deal is reached thursday , the talks will end .  deadly violence between rebels and the khartoum government erupted in 2003 .  al-bashir is wanted for crimes against humanit .
 kenny ortega brings tearful testimony to michael jackson death trial <sec> new : kenny ortega described a weak and paranoid michael jackson six days before his death .  new : michael jackson appeared revived in his last two days , ortega testified .  new : michael jackson 's oldest nephew , taj , resumes his testimony thursday .  dr. conrad murray became ortega 's `` lifeline '' to getting jackson to rehearsal .
 woman gets donor kidney after husband 's efforts to find one went viral <sec> jimmy sue swilling got a new kidney to replace her failing organ .  the donor heard about her case from news reports .  swilling 's husband walked the streets with a sign : `` need kidney 4 wife .
 net neutrality is foremost free speech issue of our time <sec> al franken : trend of media consolidation will mean end of free and open internet .  mergers such as comcast-nbc/universal would control information flow , senator warns .  far from `` neutral , '' gatekeepers could discriminate on political views , who pays more , he says .  franken : this is a bipartisan issue ; all have a stake in preserving first amendmen .
 holder interview : what we learned <sec> holder sat down for an interview with cnn monday .  holder to cnn : lack of financial criminal prosecutions is `` frustrating '' .  holder also spoke about gun control and american jihadists in syria and ira .
 late rooney header puts united through <sec> wayne rooney 's injury time header gives manchester united a 3-1 victory over manchester city .  the result sees united edge through to the english league cup final 4-3 on aggregate .  united will now face aston villa at wembley in a repeat of the 1994 final which villa won 3-1 .
 hamilton on pole for chinese grand prix <sec> british driver makes it three out of four poles this season .  mercedes teammate nico rosberg qualifies fourth .  red bull 's daniel ricciardo and sebastian vettel second and third respectively .  ferrari 's fernando alonso will start sunday 's race from fift .
 iran declares bbc persian tv illegal <sec> iran also bans iranian journalists and artists from working for the channel .  bbc spokesman says british broadcaster is breaking no laws in iran .  bbc persian tv launched january 14 , broadcasting in farsi .  channel shows news , documentaries , debates on arts , culture and scienc .
 hasidic leader gets 103 years in child sex abuse case <sec> `` we honestly and truly believe that this was a setup , '' defense attorney says .  nechemya weberman , 54 , had been found guilty on all 59 counts he was facing .  the abuse began in 2007 , when the girl 's parents hired the unlicensed counselor .  the case came to light when four men were accused of trying to bribe the victi .
 massachusetts cracks down on compounding pharmacies <sec> the pharmacies must partially or totally stop operations .  the state conducted surprise inspections after a meningitis outbreak .  nearly 700 cases and 45 deaths are blamed on the outbreak , the cdc say .
 playing hong kong 's dangerous game <sec> a hit new game in hong kong is bringing people 's video fantasies to life .  teams need to crack codes and solve puzzles to break free from challenges .  challenges last 45 minutes and only about a quarter of participants escape .  more than 7,000 people have played since it opened in november 201 .
 clark howard : pinching nickels and do-it-yourself projects <sec> americans are saving five percent out of every dollar .  vehicles and fuel expenses account for nearly two-thirds of the savings .  more people trying `` do-it-yourself '' projects like sewing , hair dying .  clark says , sometimes it does n't pay to be chea .
 obama defeated by his own bureaucracy <sec> obama 's plan was for a `` smarter and better '' government with demonstrable benefits .  gloria borger says president is instead staring down rabbit hole of government incompetence .  she says the va scandal , after the health care website woes , highlights the problem .  borger : obama can be effective in managing but needs to grab control of bureaucrac .
 freshman congressmen <sec> two freshman representatives document their experience for cnn .  rep. jared polis is a democrat representing colorado 's second district .  rep. jason chaffetz is a republican representing utah 's third distric .
 federer and swiss one win away from davis cup title <sec> roger federer and switzerland are one match away from winning a maiden davis cup .  federer and stan wawrinka won the doubles saturday against france in lille .  federer and wawrinka defeat richard gasquet and julien benneteau in straight sets .  federer has the opportunity to close out the series as he plays sunday 's first single .
 number of best picture nominees doubling <sec> new : nominating more films `` a reaction to declining ratings , '' says expert .  academy awards to nominate 10 best picture possibilities next year .  academy has been nominating just five films for more than six decades .  `` the academy is returning to some of its earlier roots , '' says its presiden .
