 opinion : when a facebook friend dies <sec> frida ghitis was shocked by the death of a friend on facebook .  she says the news pointed up that facebook friends can be real friends .  online , people express themselves with a special openness , she say .
 senator says iran may want to swap for missing ex-fbi agent <sec> robert levinson disappeared almost two years ago from iranian island .  florida congressman , senator seek new attention from obama administration .  senator says iranians caught in iraq always mentioned in conjunction with levinson .  iranians say they have `` zero knowledge '' of missing man 's whereabout .
 5 facts about the costa concordia cruise ship <sec> the concordia was christened in 2006 .  the ship weighs in at more than 114,000 gross tonnage .  about 4,200 people were on board the ship when it ran agroun .
 odile leaves tourists stranded in los cabos , mexico <sec> military and commercial aircraft have evacuated 18,000 tourists , officials say .  thousands of tourists were stranded after odile hit mexican beach resorts .  `` the hotel gates are chained shut , '' one american trapped in cabo san lucas says .  the state department advises stranded tourists to head to the airpor .
 google glass : what went wrong ( opinion ) <sec> google is pulling controversial google glass from the marketplace , rethinking it .  martha pease : it was a mistake to put it in the market without more thorough testin .
 do references really matter ? <sec> refrences still matter these days , but the process has changed on how they are used .  often times an employer will use more informal tools like facebook and linkedin , said an expert .  make sure to include references only when requested by an employer , and never before .  seek references from people who actually know you and your work , not just personal .
 surgeon general links colon cancer , diabetes to smoking <sec> the new surgeon general 's report links 13 cancers to smoking .  exposure to secondhand smoke causes stroke , the new report says .  some 5.6 million children today will die prematurely if things do n't change , report says .  acting surgeon general boris lushniak says he wants a smoke-free generatio .
 mcdowell to join pga tour ; westwood stays loyal to europe <sec> u.s. open champion graeme mcdowell plans to take up pga tour card in 2011 .  mcdowell 's ryder cup teammate lee westwood will stay on european tour .  world no . .  2 westwood can topple top-ranked tiger woods this weekend .  another ryder cup winner , rory mcilroy , plans to reduce his playing schedule next yea .
 rally world pays tribute after deadly crash in sicily <sec> rally navigator dies after crash in italian race .  gareth roberts was a promising navigator from wales .  his death at age of 24 brings tributes from rally worl .
 victim in peru found link between van der sloot , holloway , source says <sec> new : victim found information linking van der sloot to natalee holloway .  joran van der sloot confessed to the killing monday night , officials say .  van der sloot may be formally charged as early as wednesday .  victim was found on the floor of his hotel room , police report say .
 lawmakers withdraw support of anti-piracy bills after online protest <sec> sopa , pipa bills lose support on capitol hill .  wikipedia back online after day of protest over anti-piracy legislation .  wikipedia 's website : `` we 're not done yet . '' .  controversy over online piracy pits hollywood , tech companie .
 to spank or not spank ? depends on who and where you are <sec> children who were spanked are more likely to spank their own kids , according to research .  african americans are more likely to spank their children than other racial or ethnic groups .  low-income , less-educated parents are also more likely to spank , according to research .  spanking leads to negative consequences in children , says a prominent researche .
 will white house beer help nation chill on race ? <sec> harvard professor , cambridge cop , obama to sit down for beer at white house .  attorney for 911 caller notes irony in meeting of the three people who `` reacted badly '' .  prof walks with cane as a result of white doctor 's misdiagnosis when he was 14 .  two black cops stand by sgt . .  james crowley , say race had nothing to do with arres .
 honduras qualify as u.s. thwart costa rica <sec> costa rica suffer world cup heartbreak as u.s. salvage last-gasp 2-2 draw .  los ticos now face a playoff with south american side uruguay to reach finals .  honduras claim third automatic place for south africa , beating el salvador 1-0 .  u.s. finish top in concacaf above mexico -- who had also already qualifie .
 why do n't men in favor of birth control speak up ? <sec> laura stepp : as lawmakers try to restrict birth control , little is heard from men who support it .  stepp says thousands of women have protested plans , but men are n't coming forward .  stepp asks : where in this debate are the husbands and boyfriends not ready for kids ? .  baby boom men were clueless about birth control , stepp says , but younger men are involve .
 celebrity crime writer dominick dunne dies at 83 <sec> dunne had been receiving stem cell treatments in europe for bladder cancer .  he was working on his final novel , due out in december .  dunne covered the trials of the wealthy and notorious for vanity fair .  he also wrote best-sellers and hosted a show on trut .
 we need to fix no child left behind <sec> john kline : no child left behind 's `` one size fits all '' approach does n't work .  new law would leave decisions on teacher accountability to states , he says .  kline : states will decide how to use `` one lump '' federal grants .  kline : people who work with kids daily should be in control of educatio .
 ex-spy chief vanishes in argentina scandal <sec> the former spy chief was to testify on the death of a special prosecutor .  the prosecutor accused president fernandez de kirchner of covering up terroris .
 obama , ukraine 's pm warn russia as crimea heads for vote <sec> ukrainian interim prime minister praises u.s. for aid package .  g7 nations issue strongly worded warning to russia to halt its actions in crimea .  pro-russians tighten their grip of security measures ahead of sunday referendum .  u.s. ambassador to osce cites indications russian forces are directly involved in crime .
 syrian wins song contest based on 'american idol ' <sec> syrian winner says he does not want his art used for politics .  `` arab idol '' is a hit throughout the arab world .  it puts a smile on the faces of people living in conflict region .
 transcript : mccain concedes presidency <sec> mccain : sen. obama has achieved a great thing .  mccain : i urge all americans who supported me ... to bridge our differences .  mccain : we must work together to get our country moving agai .
 bill clinton : u.s. ca n't win an iraq land war <sec> `` we ca n't win a land war in iraq , but they can and we can help them , '' bill clinton says .  former president was on `` the daily show with jon stewart '' thursday .  he says inclusion of sunnis in iraqi government is essential to defeating isis .  stopping the ebola outbreak in west africa `` will take a herculean effort .
 new details emerge about california killer elliot rodger and victims <sec> new : three of the injured are still at santa barbara cottage hospital .  authorities identify the three men stabbed in elliot rodger 's home before he left .  family friend : rodger , 22 , had been seeing therapists since he was 8 years old .  he sent a 137-page manifesto to his parents and others before his shooting rampag .
 da : statute of limitations prevents charges in judge 's beating of daughter <sec> district attorney says he can not file charges because of `` limitations '' .  daughter tells anderson cooper she released tape to help reconcile with father .  now 23 , she says violence was a regular occurrence .  the judge says his daughter warned him if he `` reduced her financial support .
 giuliana rancic : i have breast cancer <sec> the cancer has been detected early and the prognosis is good , rancic said .  `` i still want this baby ... because this baby has saved my life , '' she said .  rancic recently filmed interviews to bust breast-cancer myth .
 can once-cool myspace stage a comeback ? <sec> web sites get few if any second chances at success .  experts say myspace has fallen out of favor and will be hard-pressed to recover .  the site could follow friendster 's lead and go international .  or it could focus on its roots in musi .
 triathlete : you may lose friends when you lose weight <sec> annette miller 's relationships changed when she decided to get healthy .  miller 's friends were hurt she was spending more time at the gym , less time eating out .  miller says the people who matter have weathered the changes with he .
 somali-american accused of plotting to bomb oregon tree-lighting event <sec> new : islamic leaders decry attempted plot .  officials say the suspect wanted those attending `` to leave either dead or injured '' .  mohamed osman mohamud , 19 , is a naturalized u.s. citizen from somalia .  authorities : mohamud discussed possibly traveling to prepare for violent jiha .
 feds : no federal charges against ex-syracuse coach fine <sec> federal prosecutors investigated sex abuse allegations against bernie fine .  the u.s. attorney says there was insufficient evidence for charges to be brought .  u.s. attorney says the closing of the case does not prove what did or did n't happen .  fine called allegations `` patently false '' when they first surface .
 tanzania : <sec> bourdain steps back to his first impressions of africa , a land of hollywood films and nature documentaries .  the show looks at the tension between lions and masai warriors .  where is the line between protecting animals and protecting a way of life .
 coffee war brews between mcdonald 's , starbucks <sec> mcdonald 's new ad campaign pokes fun at starbucks .  mcdonald 's billboards in seattle , washington , read `` four bucks is dumb '' .  `` we will not enter into a tit-for-tat , '' starbucks official say .
 vitamin cafes : japan 's latest health injection <sec> intravenous vitamin boosts are the latest health fad in japan .  vitamin injections target specific health aliments and beauty concerns .  nutritionists warn of vitamin overdose from high quantities of supplements .  vitamin injections are popular among celebrities and businessmen for fatigu .
 cricket great shane warne slammed for drinking comments <sec> australian cricket legend shane warne is criticized for post-match interview questions .  he seemed preoccupied with how australian team were planning to celebrate world cup win .  critics said the comments promoted an unhealthy drinking culture to sports fan .
 evra five-match france suspension upheld <sec> patrice evra fails in his appeal against a five-match ban from the french national team .  evra was one of four players banned for their part in boycotting training during world cup .  manchester united defender was the only player who appealed against his ban .  he will not be eligible to play for his country until friendly match against brazil in 201 .
 small bank 's meteoric rise eclipsed by collapse <sec> bank ceo says he was forced out for favoring slow growth , not being powerhouse .  former regulator : silver state ignored repeated warnings from banking regulators .  silver state one of 27 that failed in 2008 ; many bankers believe 2009 will be wors .
 review : 'jennifer 's body ' is a winner <sec> `` jennifer 's body '' is a horror winner with doses of comedy , says tom charity .  film stars megan fox as a cheerleader who turns demonic .  amanda seyfried , playing fox 's friend , provides movie 's standout performance .  `` jennifer 's body '' was written by `` juno 's '' diablo cod .
 injured serena to miss paris tournament <sec> world no . .  1 serena williams pulls out of next week 's paris indoor open .  american suffered leg injury on way to victory at last month 's australian open .  u.s. take 2-0 lead in fed cup first-round tie in france without services of williams .  the winner of that match will play either russia or serbia in the semifinal .
 romney , santorum argue over english as requirement for puerto rican statehood <sec> new : a pro-santorum pac buys $ 310,000 in ad time in illinois .  santorum says that english should be required for puerto rico to become a state .  romney 's campaign responds with a statement saying he would not require that .  puerto rico , next on the campaign trail , has a statehood referendum in novembe .
 opinion : new iraq borders would be drawn across bodies <sec> iraq 's borders were mapped out by the british and french colonial powers during wwi .  faisal al yafai writes that the borders -- though contentious and flawed -- have broadly held .  plans for an arab caliphate or dividing iraq into statelets are not realistic , he says .  seeking to change them now is a recipe for a generation of war , al yafai write .
 hospital : uk nurse with ebola now in critical condition <sec> prime minister cameron says his thoughts and prayers are with pauline cafferkey .  volunteer nurse contracted disease in sierra leone .  she is being treated in a specialized isolation unit in a london hospita .
 marie osmond 's 18-year-old son dies <sec> `` my family and i are devastated and in deep shock , '' singer says in brief statement .  michael blosil was 18 years old , one of osmond 's eight children .  death is under investigation , coroner 's office official say .
 ahmadinejad speaks ; outrage and controversy follow <sec> new : israel 's status should be determined by elections , iran leader says .  new : no homosexuals in iran , mahmoud ahmadinejad says .  columbia university president : ahmadinejad lacks courage to answer questions .  ahmadinejad says `` insults , '' false claims in columbia introductio .
 young caregivers struggle to look after alzheimer 's patients <sec> alzheimer 's affects 5.2 million americans and millions more who are caregivers .  symptoms include memory loss , difficulty in performing everyday tasks .  max wallack , 17 , co-wrote a children 's book and founded nonprofit grou .
 'ugly betty ' actor charged with sword murder <sec> new : the 3-foot sword allegedly used is a martial arts weapon , suspect 's father says .  new : brea attended a meeting the night of the incident , later complained of headaches .  brea , an actor who appeared on abc 's `` ugly betty , '' is charged with 2nd-degree murder .  police say they found him wielding a 3-foot long sword near his dead mothe .
 singapore airlines turbulence sends meals flying <sec> singapore to london flight dropped 20 meters leading to chaotic scenes during breakfast service .  minor injuries were reported on board the aircraft to passengers and crew .  passengers given compensatory chocolates on landing at heathro .
 anc on course for south africa landslide <sec> african national congress on course for landslide , south african media reports .  reports says anc has 65 percent of vote ; official results expected saturday .  opposition democratic alliance could claim control of western cape province .  controversial anc leader jacob zuma expected to become presiden .
 how the philippines saved 1,200 jews during holocaust <sec> philippines welcomed jewish refugees during holocaust while other countries closed doors .  about 1,200 european jews moved there before 1941 .  while they escaped the holocaust , they were confronted with the asian front of the war as japan invade .
 cuban president : more private enterprise will be allowed <sec> the cuban president says it will become easier to have a private business .  raul castro says jobs will be cut `` in the considerably inflated '' state sector .  fidel castro did not attend his brother 's speech to the national assembl .
 colombian military used red cross emblem in rescue <sec> photos from miltary source show man wearing bib with red cross logo .  such misuse of symbol could be violation of geneva conventions .  expert says misuse of red cross emblem could endanger real aid workers .  colombia has denied using international symbols in its july 2 rescue rus .
 egyptian farmers protest mandatory swine slaughter <sec> farmers in cairo clash with police as health officials take pigs to slaughter .  egypt mandated slaughter of pigs in country over news of swine flu .  there have been no confirmed cases of swine flu in egyp .
 yemen 's deposed president flees house arrest <sec> president 's nephew kidnapped by houthi rebels , officials say .  protesters turn out in support of yemeni president abdu rabu mansour hadi .  hadi says he 's still president after escaping from house arres .
 bush : all americans can be proud <sec> president bush : obama victory represents a triumph of the american story .  world leaders congratulate barack obama on winning u.s. presidential election .  most stocks rise in asia as obama win seen positively ; markets fall in europe .  kenyan president kibaki calls obama victory `` our own victory .
 will northwestern university football unionize ? <sec> northwestern 's former president said school could drop division 1 football if athletes form union .  group of college athletes want to get slice of sports revenue , payments for medical care .  ivy league school abandoned big-time sports to preserve academic emphasi .
 rights groups announce challenge to new arizona immigration law <sec> new : 4 groups announce legal challenge in phoenix .  american civil liberties union , aclu of arizona , national immigration law center slam law .  mexican american legal defense and educational fund also objects to it .  they say law encourages racial profiling , but supporters say it does n't involve any illegal act .
 scientists studying universe 's expansion win nobel prize in physics <sec> new : winners say they are `` deeply honored '' .  saul perlmutter , brian p. schmidt and adam g. riess win the nobel prize in physics .  they discovered that the universe 's expansion is accelerating .  the prize is worth about 10 million swedish kronor , or $ 1.44 millio .
 augusta national admits one of 'toughest ' women in business <sec> darla moore and condoleezza rice are the first women admitted to augusta national .  moore was once on a fortune cover as `` the toughest babe in business '' .  martha stewart admiringly said she is `` a cutthroat killer underneath '' .  moore founded a business school in south carolin .
 amitabh bachchan : bollywood 's elder statesman <sec> indian actor has been superstar of bollywood cinema for 40 years .  known as 'the big b ' ; became icon to millions after 'sholay ' film of 1975 .  blogs regularly and seen great changes in attitudes to indian film and its influence .  caused furore when mistakenly reported to have criticized 'slumdog millionaire .
 former ohio doctor gets life for wife 's cyanide poisoning death <sec> yazeed essa was convicted last week of giving wife calcium pills laced with cyanide .  essa will be eligible for parole in 20 years because crime occurred before change in law .  judge laments she can not give essa a harsher sentence : `` you destroyed your family '' .  prosecutors alleged that the philandering doctor poisoned his wife to escape a marriag .
 iran execution of woman temporarily halted , state media reports <sec> sentence for woman convicted of adultery halted on `` humanitarian grounds , '' official says .  execution will go forward when judiciary chief orders verdict again , he says .  sakineh mohammedie ashtiani was convicted in 2006 of adultery .  case has drawn international attentio .
 snoop dogg and iggy azalea in pointless beef <sec> the two rappers are going at it on social media .  snoop started it with a meme that made fun of iggy without makeup .  iggy responded but then deleted the tweets .  the two are still at i .
 iraqi troops take control of key province <sec> coalition troops hand over security control of iraq 's anbar province to iraqis .  anbar was once the hub of the country 's sunni insurgency .  more than 25,000 u.s. troops serve in anbar , west of baghda .
 5 biggest surprises in syria bombing ( opinion ) <sec> frida ghitis : the attack of u.s. and allies on isis targets in syria offered several surprises .  she says the u.s. was joined by arab countries in attack , and u.s. targeted khorasan group .  she says isis ' rise highlights new competition between jihadi groups to strike u.s . .  ghitis : a year ago , obama warned syria of `` red line '' ; now u.s.hitting syria 's enem .
 your best weight loss tool may be in your pocket <sec> a study says smartphone applications and wearable devices are quite accurate in counting steps .  in general , it finds , wearable devices are less accurate than smartphone apps .  the study tethered healthy adults to 10 popular apps and devices by companies such as fitbit , jawbone and nik .
 egypt passes a new constitution <sec> top u.s. diplomat says constitution could be good for egypt if leaders abide by it .  the referendum passes with 98.1 % of the vote , electoral commission says .  the 38.6 % turnout was `` unprecedented , '' the head of the constitutional committee says .  supporters of the muslim brotherhood had boycotted the vot .
