 eunuchs begin fight for pakistan rights <sec> pakistan 's eunuch community campaigns for proper recognition .  in pakistan the term covers transsexuals , transvestites , hermaphrodites .  shazia , a hermaphrodite , tells how her penis was removed at 17 .  she says she feels she is a woman , but her identity card calls her mal .
 australian open : <sec> rafael nadal loses to tomas berdych at the australian open .  berdych powers past the 14-time grand slam winner in straight sets .  the czech had lost 17 straight times to nadal .  maria sharapova , ekaterina makarova advance to semifinal .
 flying pains in china as aviation industry grows <sec> cnn producer on board domestic flight in china that took off eight hours late .  air travel has grown rapidly in world 's most populous country .  but china has an abysmal on-time performance record .  chinese air force controls the vast majority of the country 's increasingly crowded airspac .
 mark ronson : the producer with the musical midas touch <sec> grammy award-winning producer mark ronson has worked with biggest names in music .  34-year-old from new york started as a hip-hop dj before producing .  worked with amy winehouse , kanye west , duran duran among others .  currently touring and fronting his own band , the business int .
 why white house needs congress on iran deal ( opinion ) <sec> framework agreement with iran over its nuclear program was reached this month .  julian zelizer : white house should seek congressional approval for final deal .  there 's a history of congress causing trouble for major international treaties , he say .
 nadal 's low seeding gives djokovic clear run to wimbledon final <sec> world no . .  1 novak djokovic in opposite half of draw from rest of men 's `` big four '' .  rafael nadal and roger federer could meet as early as quarterfinals at wimbledon .  the winner of that match could then face last year 's runner-up andy murray .  women 's champion serena williams in opposite half of draw to maria sharapov .
 shipwreck in congo river leaves 9 dead , scores missing <sec> a ship carrying about 300 people and tons of merchandise wrecks in the congo river .  since friday , authorities have confirmed nine dead and about 200 survivors .  about 100 people who had been aboard the ship are still believed to be missin .
 rugby star dropped over golf buggy arrest <sec> welsh international rugby player andy powell has been dropped from the national side .  he was charged of driving a golf cart while drunk by british police in the early hours of sunday morning .  powell was part of a last-minute victory against scotland the day befor .
 a queen 's message to girls : more than tiaras and cupcakes <sec> queen rania of jordan writes an open letter to girls of the worl .
 heidi newfield has hopes for country honors <sec> heidi newfield is up for five academy of country music awards .  newfield pursuing solo career after being lead singer of trick pony .  singer does n't want to be a diva but takes advice about not being so nic .
 mississippi gop primary heads for runoff - cnnpolitics.com <sec> mississippi senate primary runoff will be june 24 .  incumbent sen. thad cochran faces chris mcdaniel , who is a conservative with tea party backing .  neither crossed the 50 % threshold in tuesday 's voting .  california uses new `` jungle '' primary system for first time in a gubernatorial rac .
 california sets trends in health regulation <sec> california led several public health efforts in tobacco control , air quality .  residents tend to be health-conscious because of culture , environment .  critics say the state over-regulates , stifling freedom and economy .  several metrics show laws do n't translate into healthy populatio .
 myanmar works to turn the lights on <sec> old and neglected energy network in myanmar means regular power outages .  even in the largest city , yangon , only two-thirds of the population is connected to the grid .  myanmar rich in natural resources but until now , anything extracted exported to china , thailand .  myanmar 's new policy , the government says , is to keep it at hom .
 israel kills 30 civilians at shelter , witnesses tell u.n . <sec> israeli sources denied it ordered civilians moved `` from one building into another '' .  red cross uncharacteristically says israel failed to abide by humanitarian law .  children , wounded taken to ambulances on a donkey cart , red cross says .  u.n. says it 's not casting blame ; it 's unsure if u.n. , red cross reports are the sam .
 star witness : 'it broke my heart ' to learn bulger was fbi source <sec> new : defense wants jury to be told witness testified for lesser murder sentence .  testimony in the trial of james `` whitey '' bulger focuses on a former mobster .  he testifies about killings he committed , sometimes accompanied by bulger .  but john martorano says he turned when he learned bulger was an fbi informan .
 china convicts corporate investigators linked to gsk <sec> peter humphrey and wife yu yingzeng sentenced to at least two years in prison .  pair admitted to obtaining personal information on chinese citizens by illegal means .  they did work on behalf of glaxosmithkline 's china arm .  the drug giant faces allegations of briber .
 baby boomer divorce rate doubles <sec> margie and dick white got divorced after 37 years of marriage .  divorce among baby boomers is on the rise .  changing ideas about marriage , longer life span could be contributing factors .  rise in single boomers raises issues such as financial and health concern .
 deadly omagh bombing remembered 10 years on <sec> omagh bombing killed 29 people , including a woman pregnant with twins .  the attackers called in a bomb threat but gave police the wrong location .  real ira , a dissident republican paramilitary group , claimed responsibilit .
 commentary : breaking the 'pipeline ' to prison <sec> marian wright edelman : black youths at higher risk of going to prison .  she says innovators like harlem children 's zone are showing strong results .  edelman : investing in children from birth can break the pipeline to priso .
 danny welbeck returns to send man utd out of fa cup <sec> arsenal beats man utd 2-1 in fa cup quarterfinal .  former manchester united player danny welbeck scores winner .  holders arsenal took the lead through nacho monreal before wayne rooney equalized .  angel di maria sent off for shoving referee in second hal .
 judge declares mistrial in 'liberty city 7 ' terrorism case <sec> judge declares mistrial in the retrial of miami terrorism case .  men accused of plotting to target chicago 's sears tower and bomb fbi offices .  defendants faced up to 70 years in prison if convicted of conspiracy charges .  first trial ended in a mistrial in december , also because of a hung jur .
 next generation door-knocking new front in voter war <sec> door-knocking is still playing a role in the campaign for iowa 's open senate seat .  canvassers are using algorithms to target voters likely to vote for their candidates .  to track voter data , democratic canvassers use clipboards while republicans have turned to a phone app .  50,000 more absentee ballots have been cast so far this year than at this point in 201 .
 coroner ids victim in california severed head case <sec> the victim is identified as 66-year-old hervey medellin .  police end search for more body parts .  they reopen hollywood hills park .  dog walker who found the head first thought it was a hollywood pro .
 designer dna : should we be able to reprogram our genes ? <sec> we ask , to what extent should we be able to alter our own dna ? .  ray kurzweil : reprogramming dna could expand human potential .  human genetics alert says could lead to genetic discrimination , social issues .  what do you think ? .  post your views in the sound off box below .
 hagan faces attacks after missing isis hearing <sec> sen. kay hagan admitted this week she missed a hearing on isis and other threats to attend a fundraiser . .  other incumbents are facing heat in other key senate races for missing hearings . .  republicans immediately pounced on the report with several ads slamming her absence .
 cnn student news transcript : march 28 , 2011 <sec> discover who is set to take the lead on coalition operations in libya .  hear how a u.s. festival offers the chance to show support for japan .  tour a u.s. nuclear plant to learn about the facility 's safety measures .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 former 'dating game ' contestant to die for murders <sec> rodney alcala convicted last month in deaths of four women , child .  he was winning bachelor on television show in 1978 .  at the time , he had been found guilty of raping 8-year-ol .
 swayze 's 2 years with pancreatic cancer 'an accomplishment ' <sec> patrick swayze battled pancreatic cancer for nearly two years .  about 95 percent of those with pancreatic cancer die from it , experts say .  dozens of drugs are in development or being tested in trials for the disease .  doctors encourage patients to try to live their lives normally while in treatmen .
 u.s. drone crashes in pakistan <sec> a u.s. official confirms that a drone crashed in pakistan .  pakistan officials have witnesses who saw the drone go down .  the cause of the crash is under investigatio .
 plus-sized tv shows find big audience <sec> shows about and featuring the overweight are flourishing .  `` dance your ass off '' drew more than a million viewers for its premier .  star of show says programs resonate because of truth .  professor wonders if shows inspire ridicule of the overweigh .
 aruban official : suspect in missing woman case not cooperating <sec> new : the missing woman had known giordano for `` over a year , '' her friend says .  aruba 's solicitor general says the suspect now is not talking to authorities .  the fbi is helping in the case by conducting interviews , a spokesman says .  both the missing woman and the man termed the prime suspect are u.s. citizen .
 9021-ouch : recession trickling up to beverly hills <sec> fewer sales have meant fewer tax dollars even for well-funded beverly hills .  city officials expect tax revenues to drop by about $ 24 million over the next 16 months .  high-end pawnshop owner says loans are growing and bigger than ever .  boutique owner says she has sliced prices by as much as 85 percen .
 nepal to select its first president <sec> lawmakers in nepal to to pick the country 's first president since it became a republic .  unclear who may become president as no party had a majority in recent elections .  maoists , who won most seats , want a non-political figure as presiden .
 african flavor at the heart of paris <sec> tens of thousands of africans have made paris home .  immigrants have transplanted african culture to paris .  samira fahim has run an algerian bakery for 17 years .  la goutte d'or neighborhood is a center for the african communit .
 south korea suspends tear gas exports to bahrain <sec> rights groups pressure the south korean government to halt shipments to bahrain .  the move comes after months of campaigning against the use of tear gas .  bahraini authorities say tear gas is necessary to maintain order .  the bahrain interior ministry says it was not told of the ban by seou .
 mystery of mars 'doughnut rock ' solved <sec> researchers : mars opportunity rover 's wheel broke off a piece of rock .  that piece is the 'mystery rock ' that looks like a doughnut .  the rock has high levels of manganese and sulfu .
 married same-sex couple awaits epic high court appeal <sec> d.c. couple seek federal recognition of their legal same-sex union .  supreme court will hear oral arguments on same-sex marriage .  president 's support for gay marriage puts congress in position of defending doma .  doma defender says law is `` important because congress said it 's important .
 obama signs bill warding off fiscal cliff - cnnpolitics.com <sec> boehner undid `` everything he promised he would do '' in 2010 , gop lawmaker says .  obama calls for `` a little less brinksmanship '' next time .  tuesday night 's vote prevents tax increases for more than 98 % of americans .  it also staves off $ 110 billion in automatic cuts to domestic and military spendin .
 chris brown admits violating probation , could be out of jail soon <sec> chris brown should be out of jail by monday , his lawyer says .  the singer has been in custody for 2 months and in rehab 5 months before tha .
 wrongful death suit planned after alleged rape victim 's suicide <sec> family of audrie pott plans to file wrongful death suit against 3 accused teens .  suit will name parents at whose house party allegedly took place , lawyer says .  pott killed herself ; her family contends she was driven to end life after being rape .
 grosso completes transfer to lyon <sec> lyon have completed the signing of inter milan defender fabio grosso .  the italian world cup winner signed his contract on saturday morning .  lyon will be bidding for a seventh consecutive french title next seaso .
 ancient site needs saving not destroying <sec> huffman says the ancient site will be destroyed by plans to mine the area .  a chinese company has permission to create a massive open-pit style copper mine .  huffman : mes aynak is missing link showing afghanistan 's historic role in asia .  he says destroying mes aynak is equivalent to wiping machu picchu off the ma .
 kenyan presidential contender seeks review of his icc accusations <sec> uhuru kenyatta 's lawyers say a witness lied about attending a meeting .  the icc says the trial will continue as planned in april .  kenyatta and three others will stand trial on human rights violation .
 maryland legislature votes to end death penalty <sec> both houses of maryland 's legislature have now voted to ban the death penalty .  gov . .  martin o'malley has pledged to sign the bill .  o'malley says ending the death penalty is a `` moral responsibility '' .  maryland will be the sixth state in six years to end capital punishmen .
 call for release of briton sentenced in pakistan blasphemy case <sec> muhammad asghar was convicted of charges he claimed to be prophet .  his family and legal team say he is suffering from paranoid schizophrenia .  human rights groups have criticized pakistan 's controversial blasphemy law .  asghar 's family is calling on pakistan to release him so he can get treatmen .
 bush calls indian pm to push nuke deal <sec> president bush calls india 's pm to push a proposed nuclear partnership .  indian government won confidence vote in face of anger over u.s. nuclear deal .  five members of parliament serving prison sentences were freed to vot .
 web savvy africans fuel growth in online shopping <sec> a new crop of entrepreneurs are keen to tap the potential of africa 's online market .  logistics , high internet costs and consumer fears over scams are some of the challenges .  nigeria has one of the highest percentages of internet users in afric .
 nfl team releases michael sam <sec> michael sam tweets : `` the journey continues '' .  rams coach jeff fisher : `` it was a football decision '' .  sam was an all-american defensive end at the university of missouri .  sam could be picked up by another team or return to the rams as a practice playe .
 pakistan mosque attack death toll climbs <sec> new : security forces kill 10 militants and destroy some hideouts .  a taliban group claims responsibility , saying the mosque bombing was a reprisal attack .  the villagers had formed a resistance movement against the taliban , the group says .  khyber agency is a volatile tribal region bordering afghanista .
 world football enters technological era <sec> fifa uses goal-line technology at club world cup opener in japan .  two competing systems are being trialed at the global championships .  goalref , which uses a magnetic field system , and camera-based hawk eye are the systems .  on the pitch , sanfrecce hiroshima reach quarterfinals with defeat of auckland cit .
 flight innovations you 'll love <sec> 18 driverless pods are being tested at london heathrow 's terminal 5 .  virgin america has in-cabin lighting that subtly shifts throughout the day .  a gps-based air traffic control system is in trial use by alaska airline .
 france : where fear and taboo control guns more than laws <sec> philippe coste says americans display amazing familiarity with instruments of death .  way harder to find efficient weapons in europe , he says : this may deter potential killers .  french hunters do n't own guns , he points out . .  they only get three-year license to use guns .  coste : there are many illegal guns , but fear and taboo are more efficient gun contro .
 cuban columnist says bribes get us visas , us diplomats say not true <sec> a cuban newspaper columnist says u.s. visas can be had for money .  but the columnist offers no details of alleged payments .  u.s. diplomats challenge the claim .  they say the application process has sped up , that they do n't promote illegal trave .
 are you happy -- really ? <sec> expert : many looking for happiness do n't realize they already have it .  funeral director finds happiness in job by helping grieving people .  lachelle claims happiness even in a bad situation .  expert : good friends can remind you that you 're a good perso .
 lil wayne is 'good , just resting ' after seizure , friend says <sec> drake and other label mates visit lil wayne at hospital .  no weeping for `` weezy '' among his friends near his hospital room .  `` i 'm good everybody , '' read a message from lil wayne 's twitter account friday evening .  his publicist says the rapper suffered a seizur .
 carnival cruise has problems , again <sec> carnival legend is having technical difficulties .  carnival dream had problems wednesday .  this week 's troubles come after carnival triumph became crippled last mont .
 bangladesh tragedy spurs nationwide probe of garment factories <sec> new : death toll up to 398 , red crescent society says .  many were parents with children still waiting for them to come home , local editor says .  red crescent says the chances of finding someone alive are very remote .  most of the factory workers were between ages 18 and 22 , the editor say .
 'hillside burglar ' suspect held ; l.a. 's rich relieved <sec> wealthy bel air , beverly hills residents feel cautious relief .  police say troy thomas led gang that stole $ 10m from 150 upscale homes .  thomas in custody , pleads not guilty to felony burglar .
 more questions than answers in account of american 's abduction in iraq <sec> new : randy michael hultz is at the u.s. embassy in baghdad , after being handed over .  new : the embassy says hultz is a `` private citizen '' who did n't work for the government .  iraqi lawmkers say the man , who may have gone by various names , was abducted .  a militia tied to a radical iraqi cleric identified him as a u.s. soldier upon releasing hi .
 ban the killer robots before it 's too late <sec> uk robotics professor leading calls for a worldwide ban on autonomous weapons .  we ca n't rely on robots to conform to international law , says noel sharkey .  sharkey is chairman of and ngo leading a campaign to `` stop killer robots '' .  autonomous robots could destabilize world security and trigger unintentional war .
 u.n. gunships battle rebels in east congo <sec> new : u.n. helicopters attack rebels north of goma to stop advancement .  u.n. military commander in congo resigns for `` personal reasons '' .  thousands of protesters attack u.n. 's eastern congo hq with rocks , stones .  the attack has resulted in several deaths , an official sai .
 michael jackson will be buried on his 51st birthday <sec> new : michael jackson to be buried saturday , august 29 .  judge delays approval of agreement between aeg live , jackson estate until friday .  jackson family hints at possibility of filing wrongful-death lawsuit against aeg live .  aeg lawyer : further delay in would cause company to abandon the dea .
 sharapova to face kvitova in wimbledon final <sec> maria sharapova will play petra kvitova in the ladies final at wimbledon .  russian fifth seed sharapova beats german sabine lisicki 6-4 6-3 .  czech eighth seed kvitova triumphs 6-1 3-6 6-2 over victoria azarenka .  it is sharapova 's first wimbledon final since she won in 200 .
 over 37,000 have died in syria 's civil war , opposition group says <sec> syria 's death toll rises unabated .  homs and damascus are the deadliest places in syria , an opposition group says .  the russian foreign ministry criticizes the recent backing of rebels .  unhcr : refugees continue to spill over into neighboring countrie .
