 how choco pie infiltrated north korea 's sweet tooth <sec> businessman describes north korean workers at kaesong trying choco pie for first time .  popularity of snack in north korea shows how it could penetrate that country 's society .  south korean workers give cup noodles instead of choco pi .
 ross lovegrove : building an alpine dream <sec> industrial designer ross lovegrove is known for his organic , flowing forms .  he is building a `` bed under the stars '' in the alps for his latest project .  lovegrove 's work is held in design museums including new york 's mom .
 infant loss awareness day : bereavement photos <sec> remembrance photography is offered to families to help cope with the grief of a lost baby .  todd hochberg is a pioneer in the field of perinatal bereavement photography .  do not equate the baby 's length of life with the level of the relationship , one expert says .  october is national pregnancy and infant loss awareness month .
 trio found guilty of rwandan genocide <sec> bagosora guilty of masterminding genocide which left at least 800,000 dead .  genocide began after plane carrying the leaders of rwanda , burundi crashed .  bagosora was charged with genocide and crimes against humanity .  the united nations established the genocide tribunal in late 199 .
 angelina jolie turns spotlight on syria <sec> this week , angelina jolie spoke with syrian refugees in jordan .  she documented their stories in a video .  the hollywood star has spent years working on behalf of refugees .  last year , she became a special envoy for the united nations ' refugee agenc .
 mother of rebecca sedwick plans to file wrongful death suit <sec> stalking charges were dropped last week against two girls accused of bullying girl .  mother : `` i 'm going to make sure other children are not tormented like my daughter was '' .  rebecca sedwick died in september after jumping from a buildin .
 zip gun found at evacuated texas high school <sec> new : seven lakes high school in katy is safe for students to return .  new : a student was taken into custody and charges are reportedly pending .  new : a zip gun is a device altered to propel an object to cause har .
 help ! i hate my co-workers <sec> working in a team can be great , but it also can reveal annoying habits of co-workers .  `` i worked with a guy that smelled like dirty , wet rags , '' says christine lam .  krista , of colorado , says a `` no-worker '' spends the day on social media sites .  tact is advised ; hygiene issues may be medical , phone usage may be family crisi .
 crowdsourcing search for malaysian plane goes viral , but no luck yet <sec> online volunteers are viewing 2 million pages of satellite photos every 10 minutes .  the crashed website is back running -- for now .  crowdsourcing search for malaysian airlines plane gets 100 million page views in 34 hours .  `` there has n't been the smoking gun ... that leads to the location '' of plane , exec say .
 father : 2 sons attacked at bronx school , called 'ebola ' <sec> two boys just returned from senegal were beaten at a bronx public school , their father says .  the father said the attackers yelled `` ebola '' at his sons .  nyc schools chancellor said her office will investigate .  cnn poll : 81 % think somebody in u.s. will be infected with ebola soo .
 opinion : how marathons can bring peace <sec> may el-khalil : boston marathon reminded us of fragility of peace , but marathons bounced back .  a former runner , she organized beirut marathon while recovering from an accident .  that first marathon in 2003 drew 6,000 ; for years they 've run through conflict , she says .  el-khalil : sport , especially running , has power to bring people togethe .
 cheney told fbi he did not know who leaked plame 's identity <sec> fbi : dick cheney did n't remember details of cia agent valerie plame 's outing .  plame 's name was published in column by robert novak in july 2003 .  scooter libby , cheney 's former chief of staff , was convicted in cia leak cas .
 'ufo strike ' has uk in a lather over e.t . <sec> british tabloid blames ufo for destroying wind turbine blade .  newspaper quotes locals saying there were `` strange lights '' in the sky .  second newspaper says lights were fireworks from staff member 's family celebratio .
 rocker alex chilton of the 'box tops ' dies <sec> guitarist known for his work with bands the box tops and big star .  chilton was having heart problems and died in an emergency room in new orleans .  chilton was to perform at the south by southwest music festival in texas this weeken .
 senator pushes clearer limits on presidential war powers <sec> legislation would require explicit congressional ok for military humanitarian missions .  sen. jim webb , d-virginia , questioned obama 's commitment of forces in libya last year .  congress was unable to explicitly endorse or reject u.s. role in the nato intervention .  political scientist : congress 's efforts to restrict war powers `` are almost always symbolic .
 'gunsmoke ' actor james arness dies at age 88 <sec> new : arness left behind a letter for fans , saying he had `` a wonderful life '' .  arness played marshal matt dillon on `` gunsmoke '' .  the western tv series ran from 1955 to 1975 .  arness was a world war ii hero who received the purple hear .
 'how i met your mother ' boss breaks down 'trilogy time , ' 'satisfying ' finale <sec> `` himym '' co-creator/executive producer carter bays talks about the this week 's episode .  bays : `` we had a week of treading water , to be honest '' .  bays : `` i feel like [ there 's ] a satisfying ending .
 boat made of plastic bottles to make ocean voyage <sec> an adventurer is building a sailboat out of thousands of recycled plastic soda bottles .  he plans to sail it this spring from california to australia , a journey of 11,000 miles .  expedition leader is david de rothschild , scion of a wealthy british banking family .  boat , the plastiki , will be a symbol of how consumer waste can be repurpose .
 scientists discover what may be the biggest bird ever <sec> the p. sandersi may be the largest flying bird ever .  it had paper-thin hollow bones , but may have needed a running start to fly .  scientists believe it lived 25 million to 28 million years ago .  construction workers found the bones while building an airport termina .
 'super clone ' sniffer dogs : coming to an airport near you ? <sec> a breed of 'super clone ' sniffer dogs is in action at incheon airport .  dna taken from golden labrador retriever with `` legendary '' nose .  professor behind project also makes clones of pets and endangered wolve .
 ex-oak ridge contractor charged with taking restricted materials <sec> new : indictment : man tried to pass nuclear filters to foreign agent .  new : roy lynn oakley appears in court in tennessee after surrendering .  new : facility 's role is to break down decommissioned equipment .  new : lawyer : oakley 's job was to break machine parts into pieces , pitch the .
 illinois first lady scrutinized before husband arrested <sec> patricia blagojevich is allegedly heard urging her husband to withhold state funds .  she comes from a political family ; father is chicago alderman , sister an activist .  her real estate deals with fraudster businessman antoin rezko have drawn scrutiny .  her father once accused husband 's administration of selling state appointment .
 iraqi forces advance on isis-held city of tikrit <sec> iraqi forces make some progress as they seek to advance toward tikrit .  the city , best known to westerners as saddam hussein 's birthplace , was taken by isis in jun .
 missouri teen found handcuffed in family basement <sec> the 17-year-old kansas city boy was mentally challenged , neighbors say .  friends reported alleged abuse at the boy 's family home .  the boy was handcuffed in the basement , freed for only three bathroom breaks a day .  the boy was treated at a hospital and placed in county custody , authorities sa .
 china 's hong kong dilemma ( opinion ) <sec> hong kong protests sign of desperation , says ex-u.s. ambassador to china jon huntsman .  chinese president xi jinping can not afford to show any weakness , huntsman says .  u.s. must work out how to impose costs on beijing for unacceptable behavior , he write .
 florida pair tread water for 14 hours before rescue <sec> man and woman said they fell off a boat off key largo .  they were found by fishermen 7 miles off the coast .  the heroes included two off-duty broward county detectives , one firefighte .
 facebook revamps site , tweaks mobile apps <sec> facebook has redesigned the news feed to fill more of the main page .  web version of facebook will look much more like the mobile app .  new categories have been added for music and photos .  update will begin rolling out thursday ; revised apps are coming in the next few week .
 new zealand confirms iraq troop deployment <sec> prime minister john key confirms new zealand troops to be deployed to iraq .  143 troops will be part of a non-combat training mission to help iraq fight isis .  nz has `` an obligation to support stability and the rule of law , '' key tells lawmaker .
 'disruptive ' jetblue pilot indicted , accused of interfering with flight crew <sec> jetblue pilot clayton osbon began behaving erratically on a march 27 flight , authorities say .  his copilot locked him out of the cockpit , and several passengers subdued him .  he is charged with one count of interfering with a flight crew .  the indictment says he knowingly interfered with the crew and was disruptiv .
 stranded leader runs country by ipad <sec> norwegian prime minister jens stoltenberg used ipad to run country remotely .  stoltenberg was stranded in u.s. as volcanic ash cloud grounded flights .  apple 's new device is `` excellent '' stoltenberg say .
 budget fixes are simple -- and unthinkable <sec> president obama proposes a budget for 2011 with a deficit of nearly $ 1.3 trillion .  fareed zakaria says america 's failure to solve its budget problem hurts international image .  he says a simple set of common sense measures could put the budget back on track .  zakaria : fixes politically untenable because parties wo n't compromise to find solution .
 faa allows special boeing 787 flight after grounding others over fire risk <sec> a 787 that was in texas for a paint job will return to washington thursday .  only the crew needed to operate the flight will be on board , the faa says .  last month , all 50 boeing 787 dreamliners were grounded amid fire concern .
 officials : bacterial meningitis kills two oklahoma students <sec> students from oologah-talala public school district in rural oklahoma .  authorities are investigating four other possible cases of bacterial meningitis .  medical team may screen students , begin vaccinations , school superintendent say .
 new french pm 's name causes arab giggles <sec> jean-marc ayrault 's last name sounds like a rude word in arabic slang .  arab broadcasters are trying to figure out how to handle the name on air .  we `` have to deal with it '' and be professional , an al-arabiya editor say .
 box office : 'lego movie ' stacks up $ 69.1 million for 'awesome ' debut <sec> `` the lego movie '' earned a spectacular $ 69.11 million its opening weekend .  it 's the biggest opening of 2014 so far .  the movie blew past industry predictions .  sixty percent of the audience for `` lego '' was over 18 years ol .
 4 dead after toxic mud floods villages in hungary <sec> new : the sludge could potentially reach the danube river , the government said .  red mud is a waste product of aluminum production .  the reservoir broke monday , flooding three villages .  among the dead are two childre .
 indonesian police foil 'assassination plot ' <sec> police say indonesian president susilo bambang yudhoyono was target .  police raids target groups suspected of having ties to al qaeda aceh .  police have killed 13 suspected terrorists , arrested 71 others since februar .
 editor in obscenity trial for childbirth photos <sec> news editor of zambian newspaper on trial for circulating obscene material .  chansa kabwela sent pictures of a woman giving birth in a parking lot to president .  she says she wanted to highlight problems in country 's healthcare system .  president banda branded the images pornographic and had kabwela arreste .
 the justice department 's questionable battle vs. fedex <sec> justice department prosecuting fedex over unauthorized shipment of drugs .  danny cevallos : fedex has a strong argument that it should n't be held responsibl .
 koreas start talks on reopening joint industrial factory <sec> talks are held on the north korean side of a neutral border village .  the joint industrial complex at kaesong closed in may amid increasing tensions .  some $ 2 billion worth of goods have been produced in kaesong since operations began in 200 .
 opinion : nafta leaders , save the monarch butterflies <sec> president obama and his counterparts from canada and mexico will meet at summit .  carter roberts , omar vidal : they should discuss plight of monarch butterflies .  2013 was the worst year for these butterflies in recorded history , they say .  roberts , vidal : they 're a special to north america , we must stop their declin .
 police : utah mom admits to killing at least six babies <sec> new : the case sounds eerily familiar to a case in france a few years ago .  megan hunstman faces murder charges ; she 's being held on $ 6 million bail .  the infants ' bodies were discovered at a home where the woman used to live .  they were wrapped in towels or shirts and placed in cardboard boxe .
 at a loss : comforting grieving parents <sec> veronica moser-sullivan , 6 , was the youngest to die in the 2012 aurora , colorado , shootings .  grief experts say the loss of a child brings a special kind of despair .  psychiatrists recommend simply listening to a grieving parent 's feelings .  do n't try to tell a grieving parent you know how they feel ; just be there to liste .
 ron howard to direct beatles concert documentary <sec> beatles documentary to be directed by ron howard .  film will focus on group 's touring years .  beatles tours were manifestations of beatlemania , with screaming and crazines .
 assets from aaron hernandez home frozen <sec> families of slaying victims safiro furtado and daniel abreu filed a civil lawsuit .  judge rules $ 5 million in assets from aaron hernandez 's home can be frozen .  hernandez has pleaded not guilty in the killings of furtado and abreu .  he 's also accused in the slaying of odin lloy .
 pakistani president , uk prime minister meet despite terror row <sec> british pm and pakistan president hold talks at chequers .  both leaders pledge to increase economic and security cooperation .  meeting overshadowed by cameron comments .  zardari facing criticism for being away while parts of pakistan suffer floodin .
 mexican police officers detained over shooting of u.s. diplomatic vehicle <sec> a judge orders the police officers held for 30 days .  two u.s. embassy employees were wounded in the incident .  a mexican navy official was also in the vehicle that was fired upon .  police officers are under investigation on attempted murder and other charge .
 attorney : alleged 'jewish terrorist ' unstable <sec> israel on sunday announced the arrest of american-born yaakov teitel on terror charges .  attorney says teitel is `` mentally unstable '' and needs psychiatric help .  teitel is charged in a attacks against homosexuals , arabs and police officers .  police say string of attacks began 1997 with shooting of taxi drive .
 review : nsa snooping program should stay in place - cnnpolitics.com <sec> independent report recommends metadata collection should have more safeguards .  president barack obama ordered review after edward snowden leaks .  report is part of overall review of u.s. intelligence gathering .  report recommends new limits on spying on foreigners and foreign leader .
 authorities release pictures of suspects in 3-year-old 's abduction <sec> tape used in abduction leads police to store where suspects seen purchasing item .  police : surveillance footage also captures green ford bronco used in kidnapping .  briant rodriguez , 3 , was abducted at gunpoint in armed robbery last weekend .  for tips in case call the fbi : 1-866-346-763 .
 estonia 's dirty energy drive for self-sufficiency <sec> estonia is using oil shale to generate energy . .  oil shale is found in rocks just 30 metres underground .  oil shale industry contributes approximately 4 % of estonia 's gdp . .  90 % of the power produced in estonia is made of oil shale . .  18 million tonnes are mined of oil shale every year-that in auvere in north-eastern estonia .
 comforting survivors : 'hug them ' and 'cry with them ' <sec> new : couples depart counseling center obviously shaken .  you have to hug them and cry with them , says rabbi comforting victims .  'it 's insane , ' says newtown , connecticut , resident . .  'we 've never had anything like this ' .  a woman inside the school during the shooting describes `` pop , pop , pop .
 5 things to know about obama 's first visit to israel <sec> new : president obama warns syria 's government will be held accountable for its weapons .  new : obama makes his first visit to israel since entering the white house .  his relationship with netanyahu has been chilly at times .  obama will urge peace talks between israel and the palestinian .
 rebels say they retain key town near tripoli <sec> new : nato jets strike tripoli hard .  new : a rebel spokesman says government claims regarding a key town are false .  the government had said gadhafi 's forces had retaken the town .  rebels said they are holding fir .
 google chrome , firefox add 'do not track ' features <sec> soon users will have the option to stop personalized advertisements .  ftc hopes the tool might be similar to the `` do not call '' registry .  many users are unlikely realize the features are not comprehensiv .
 shootings by afghan forces take growing toll on nato troops <sec> nato forces a target of shooters in afghan security force uniforms , authors say .  they note that there have been five such attacks in the past week .  as nato withdraws combat troops , advisers will be isolated while with afghan forces .  authors : problem has grown as afghans have increased the numbers of security officer .
 helping child brides break free <sec> yemeni lawyer shada nasser helped a 10-year-old divorce her 30-year-old husband .  since then , nasser has volunteered to help other young brides .  she is also working to raise yemen 's legal age of marriage .  in some regions of the country , 8- and 10-year-old brides are the nor .
 skydiving is a stunt , physics is thrilling <sec> meg urry : felix baumgartner risked death when he skydived , but was it worth it ? .  urry : let 's not confuse a daredevil with a scientist .  she says physics helped with the dive and tells us a lot about it , like the speed and spin .  urry : the jump was thrilling , but stunts should n't crowd out genuine progress in scienc .
 america the optimistic <sec> michael kazin says americans ' worry about u.s. decline is repeated through history .  americans may have to accept prospering with others , he says .  fear of decline sparks populism , which often spurs positive change , he says .  kazin : u.s. is strong , especially in culture , entertainment , services , intellectual capita .
 rapper 50 cent visits impoverished areas in kenya , somalia <sec> `` what i am seeing is devastating , '' he says .  jackson flew to the somali town of dolo on wednesday .  the town provides refuge to women and children fleeing drought .  he also visits a sprawling slum in keny .
 feds and seattle police settle over excessive force allegations <sec> justice department and seattle announced a settlement friday .  the settlement involves allegations of excessive force by the seattle police .  the agreement calls for a federal court-appointed monitor who will resolve disputes , officials sa .
 report : exploited workers lose $ 20b a year <sec> global profits from human trafficking , forced labor reach $ 36 billion , u.n. says .  eighty percent of forced labor is in private economy , says ilo report author .  bahrain has introduced the labour market regulatory authority to register workers .  bahrain foreign ministry : top priority is to reduce role of middleme .
 british rig due to begin falklands drilling <sec> argentina and uk at odds over ownership of south atlantic islands .  falklands government says it has `` every right '' to develop hydrocarbons industry .  drilling company estimates area could contain 3.5 billion barrels of oil .  argentina passed decree requiring falklands-bound ships to carry permi .
 hurricane researcher sues lsu over katrina criticism <sec> new : chancellor says `` process was handled appropriately '' .  ivor van heerden led inquiry into failure of new orleans levee system .  it put much of blame on army corps of engineers .  he was told last year that his contract will not be renewe .
