 occupy dc protesters mull how to deal with overnight camping ban <sec> new : a protester says , `` if we ca n't sleep here , that does not end the movement '' .  the national park service warned protesters they may be arrested for `` camping violations '' .  area churches may house activists overnight , a pastor says .  video shows a stun gun used on a man after he took down park service notices from tent .
 japan 's nuclear contamination spreads to more u.s. states <sec> a growing number of u.s. states are affected , but none at levels that threaten public health .  at least 15 states report detecting radioisotopes in air or water or both .  `` the levels detected are far below levels of public health concern , '' epa say .
 guatemalan president leads drug legalization debate <sec> former military general perez molina surprised many when he proposed decriminalizing drugs .  central american presidents will debate the guatemalan leader 's proposal this weekend .  u.s. officials respond swiftly , saying they do not support drug legalization .  some skeptics say the guatemalan president is bluffing to get money from the u.s .
 hundreds attend slain penn . trooper 's funeral <sec> new : suspect is now on fbi 's ten most wanted fugitives list .  new : hundreds of law enforcement officers attend slain trooper 's funeral .  manhunt is on for eric matthew frein , 31 , wanted in the state trooper 's death .  police : frein was part of military simulation group , is now `` acting it out in real life .
 is petraeus pillow talk a security threat ? <sec> david petraeus had affair while cia chief .  could secrets have been passed casually ? .  experts doubt serious breaches , but worry about potential exposure to blackmail .  ex-cia agent : `` it 's a spy agency 's worst nightmare .
 naacp educational summit to look at return of segregation <sec> the three-day daisy bates educational summit will examine resegregation in nation 's schools .  summit named in honor of former arkansas state conference of the naacp .  naacp president benjamin todd jealous to deliver keynote addres .
 in pakistan , bombs strike three police buildings <sec> gujranwala has been largely free of the militant violence .  three police officers were injured .  the explosives were detonated by remote contro .
 14 killed in french polynesia air crash <sec> air moorea aircraft crashes after takeoff in moorea island , en route to papeete .  police say 14 bodies recovered ; all 20 people aboard 'feared dead ' .  papeete authorities say victims include two tourists and two european officials .  air moorea says it had never had an accident in its 35-year histor .
 box office report : 'fast & furious 6 ' breaks $ 100 million <sec> four-day holiday racked up the largest-ever memorial day weekend at the box office .  `` fast & furious 6 '' earned an estimated more than $ 120 million .  `` the hangover part iii '' came in second place with $ 51.2 millio .
 suspects in jaycee dugard kidnapping appear in court <sec> new : da does n't expect statute of limitation to be a problem in prosecuting case bail set for phllip garrido but `` parole hold '' means he ca n't be released .  attorney for his wife , nancy , says she does n't contest her no-bond status .  garridos face 29 felony counts in case of jaycee dugard , abducted in 199 .
 sudan peace accord signed , state media reports <sec> a permanent cease-fire , according to preliminary accord , is to be signed before march 15 .  qatar has been mediating between sudan and rebel justice and equality movement .  conflict erupted in 2003 after rebels began an uprising against the khartoum government .  in past seven years more than 300,000 people killed through combat , disease , malnutritio .
 toy contaminated with 'date rape ' drug pulled <sec> new : distributor provides phone number for return and replacement .  children who swallow the beads can become comatose or have seizures .  toys are sold as aqua dots in the u.s. , as bindeez beads in australia .  three children were hospitalized in australia after swallowing large quantitie .
 former detroit mayor sent to jail for the weekend <sec> kwame kilpatrick has been charged with 14 parole violations .  the former detroit mayor will spend the weekend in jail , a corrections spokesman says .  convicted in 2008 of obstructing justice , he now is being tried on corruption charge .
 supreme court wo n't consider blocking $ 18b judgment against chevron <sec> chevron appealed to the supreme court to block an $ 18 billion judgment against it .  the court will not consider the case .  an ecuadorian court levied the fine on chevron in an oil pollution case .  chevron is appealing to ecuador 's national cour .
 japan 's ana replaced faulty batteries on dreamliner last year <sec> ana : 787 's main battery failed to start normally on three occasions last year .  batteries have become a focus of the boeing dreamliner 787 safety investigation .  an inspection of the japan firm that makes the batteries found no serious problems .  authorities worldwide continue to ground the aircraft amid safety concern .
 rogers cup : novak djokovic takes positives from scare <sec> world no . .  1 playing in first match since winning wimbledon .  djokovic 's three-set win sets up meeting with jo-wilfried tsonga .  serena williams through to third round at wta event in montreal .  defending champion a straight-sets winner over sam stosu .
 obama 's rhetoric meets reality <sec> obama says not all of his campaign promises will happen at pace he wanted .  president-elect 's tone has become more somber as he prepares to take office .  obama says , `` everybody is going to have to give '' to get things back on track .  president-elect 's priority is getting his economic recovery package passe .
 man trapped in cave dies during rescue attempt <sec> john edward jones was stuck in cave crevice outside salt lake city .  he was trapped in a space that was 18 inches wide , 10 inches deep .  one of the rescue tools failed while trying to free him and jones fell bac .
 charlie sheen and brett rossi call off wedding <sec> charlie sheen and brett rossi call off engagement weeks before planned wedding .  thrice-married sheen says he wants to focus on his children .  sheen proposed to rossi during a valentine 's day tri .
 pakistani high court delays spy agency hearing <sec> new : pakistan 's supreme court postpones a hearing for the nation 's secretive spy agency .  the isi blames abdul saboor 's death on natural causes .  his mother says the 29-year-old was tortured and killed .  the supreme court wants the isi to explain the deaths and alleged detention .
 trade your cubicle for a kitchen <sec> thousands leave their jobs to attend culinary school .  chef : school is `` hot . .  it 's fast . .  it 's high-stress '' .  trend is fed by tv shows `` ace of cakes '' and `` top chef .
 tv sitcom pioneer gale storm dies <sec> her first tv show , `` my little margie , '' set the sitcom stage with lucille ball .  gale storm was born josephine owaissa cottle in bloomington , texas .  storm has three hollywood walk of fame stars for recording , radio and televisio .
 opinion : gop 's hypocrisy on ukraine hurts america <sec> sally kohn : i was slammed for saying gop practically cheering putin while bashing obama .  but evidence abounds , in remarks by mccain , giuliani , many commentators , she says .  she says obama already doing what gop suggests on ukraine .  kohn : gop 's hypocrisy , criticism of president is destructiv .
 love expert steve harvey analyzes the male mind <sec> looking for a man ? .  know what you want , steve harvey says .  a man must feel he can provide and protect his woman , he says .  harvey 's top 5 reasons men cheat includes other women who are willing .  one of harvey 's tips for curing a mama 's boy : demand respec .
 how will the debates sway the undecideds ? <sec> wednesday night is the first debate between president obama and mitt romney .  steve krakauer : the four upcoming debates can make a huge difference .  he says both campaigns try to sway the undecided , unsatisfied and late deciding voters .  krakauer : expect drama to begin in the election season finale in denve .
 would the world cup miss argentina ? <sec> a host of top teams are in danger of missing out on the 2010 world cup finals .  argentina , portugal and france are all struggling to reach south africa .  the likes of lionel messi , cristiano ronaldo and franck ribery could miss out .  would you miss teams like argentina being at the world cup ? .  sound of .
 lesbians ' baby baptized by catholic church in argentina <sec> a baby belonging to a legally married lesbian couple is baptized by in the catholic church in argentina .  bishop said the parents ' marital status has no bearing on child .  argentina 's president became the child 's official godmothe .
 at least 23 people have died across u.s. due to weather <sec> 18 people died in tennessee , emergency management officials say .  dangerously cold conditions continue to grip a large part of the eastern u.s .
 9 ukrainian soldiers killed in donetsk fighting <sec> nine ukrainian soldiers killed in clashes , ukraine says .  twenty-seven soldiers also reportedly wounded .  three civilians were killed in overnight shelling in donets .
 nato : syrian forces firing more scud missiles <sec> new : one missile landed only 20 miles from the turkish border , a nato official says .  nato chief describes syria 's launch of the missiles as `` an act of a desperate regime '' .  development highlights the need for a protection plan for turkey , nato says .  scud missiles were fired from damascus toward aleppo , a turkish official say .
 7.2 earthquake hits off coast of japan <sec> tsunami is only expected to reach 0.5 meters .  quake was centered 105 miles of the coast of honshu , japan 's main island .  tremor could be felt in tokyo , 267 miles from epicenter , cnn reporter say .
 does gop want a boiling planet ? ( opinion ) <sec> 2014 was the hottest year since record keeping began in 1880 .  high temperatures have resulted in widening deserts , rising seas , droughts , ravaging storms , blistering heat .  while president obama is trying to tackle climate change , republicans are blocking meaningful action .
 al-shabaab : attack on base was revenge for u.s. airstrike <sec> al-shabaab says base attack was revenge for u.s. airstrike that killed their leader .  2 militants detonated car bomb thursday to breach heavily fortified base in mogadishu .  african union : 7 al-shabaab , 3 african union soliders and 1 civilian were killed in the raid .  u.n. calls the attack on the base , which houses its somali headquarters `` reprehensible .
 cairo 's pigeon lovers find escape from political turmoil <sec> there are two million pigeon breeders in egypt , according to moustafa hassan .  cairo has rooftop pigeon lofts where breeders find escape from the hustle and bustle below .  breeders sometimes capture each other 's birds if they stray into their territor .
 obama vacation brings rest , relaxation and rebuke <sec> obama and family at mount desert island , maine , for the weekend .  gop criticizing obama for vacationing during environmental disaster .  democratic strategist says criticism is `` galling , '' considering bush 's frequent trips .  `` the president is the president wherever he is , '' paul begala say .
 analysis : the race factor in george zimmerman 's trial <sec> new : `` a race war in america is sadly alive and well , '' radio host ben ferguson says .  the race factor propelled it into a national story .  without the race issue , it would have been merely a local tragedy .  despite the frustration on one side of the verdict , others approved of the jury 's decisio .
 father : body of palestinian teen to be returned friday <sec> family says boy will be buried after body is returned friday .  mohammad abu khedair was taken while on his way to prayers .  at least 10 protesters injured in skirmishes with police .  israeli forces strike targets in gaza . .  rockets fire .
 against his will : the reality of male rape <sec> female-on-male sexual assault is underreported , according to the cdc .  male victims have a harder time defining what happened to them as assault , experts say .  new study shows nearly 1 in 10 youths ( aged 14-21 ) have perpetrated sexual violenc .
 rep : liz taylor remains stable in la hospital for heart condition <sec> taylor is in an la hospital being treated for a heart problem , her rep says .  `` she is stable , and we expect her to recover , '' jamie caldwell says .  the oscar-winning actress checked into cedars-sinai earlier this week .  her leaky heart valve was fixed in october 200 .
 stop subsidizing soaring college costs <sec> william bennett : increases in federal financial aid do n't seem to improve college affordability .  bennett : taxpayers subsidize higher education , but institutions ' performances have n't kept up .  he says student loan indebtedness could be the next u.s. debt bomb .  bennett : colleges need to keep costs down , or else taxpayers should stop the fundin .
 michael j . fox : keep funding stem cell research <sec> michael j . .  fox says august brought good news , bad news for research on chronic disease .  he says new collaboration helped scientists find biomarker for alzheimer 's .  later , judge ruled to stop fed funds for stem cell research , bringing programs to halt .  fox : parkinson 's foundation backs moving past politics , advancing stem cell researc .
 haiti was 'catastrophe waiting to happen ' <sec> haitian ambassador to u.s. : infrastructure of island nation poor in best of times .  raymond alcide joseph calls quake `` a catastrophe of major proportions '' .  people are reported out in the streets , cowering in strong aftershocks .  oas says lack of any building standards in haiti makes residents vulnerabl .
 sacha cohen 's movie a minstrel show <sec> dean obeidallah : sacha cohen plays an arab dictator showing worst stereotypes of arabs .  he says it 's the same as whites in blackface performing vicious stereotypes of blacks .  arab culture is not off-limits for comedy , he says , it 's just that these jokes are n't based in truth .  obeidallah : if real arabs had some input , jokes could rise above the superficial and cliché .
 south africa 's mandela returns home after latest hospital stay <sec> south africa 's governing anc welcomes the news of mandela 's release from hospital .  nelson mandela is discharged `` following a sustained and gradual improvement '' .  the former president was admitted to the hospital 10 days ago with a recurring lung infection .  the 94-year-old nobel peace prize winner has become increasingly frail in recent year .
 former rwandan governor convicted of genocide <sec> tharcisse renzaho guilty of genocide , crimes against humanity , war crimes .  3rd genocide judgment this year by international criminal tribunal for rwanda .  renzaho governor of kigali in 1994 during the country 's genocide .  court : renzaho ordered roadblocks to identify tutsi civilians to be execute .
 interim leader announces unity government for honduras <sec> interim president roberto micheletti announces formation of new unity government .  unity government formed without input of deposed honduran president manuel zelaya .  negotiators for zelaya and micheletti reached unity deal last week .  zelaya calls last week 's accord a `` dead letter .
 california drug charges against rapper t.i . dropped <sec> new : defense lawyer steve sadow says it 's `` the right thing to do '' .  the arrest triggered a probation violation hearing for t.i . .  the rapper must return to federal prison for 11 month .
 last mission for class of navy frigates <sec> the uss kauffman 's deployment is the last for oliver hazard perry-class frigates .  perry-class frigates have been in the u.s. navy for almost 40 years .  in the 1980s , attacks nearly sank two perry-class frigates in the persian gulf .  navy secretary says littoral combat ships will be the new frigate .
 how a circular smartphone could help us rethink tech <sec> a californian startup has developed a circular smartphone called `` runcible '' .  the provocative anti-phone is meant to be an antidote to our obsession for digital device .
 bahrain warns against unrest as king calls for dialogue <sec> the country plans to lift emergency laws imposed since mid-march .  king hamad bin isa al khalifa appeals for dialogue with opposition groups .  the country is set to hold parliamentary elections in september .  u.s. withdraws its human rights officer over safety concern .
 manchester united finally beaten as epl goes goal crazy <sec> manchester united lose 2-1 at bottom club wolves as unbeaten run finally ends .  united four points clear at the top after arsenal blow 4-0 lead at newcastle .  english premier league teams score a record 41 goals in one day , from eight matches .  everton beat blackpool 5-3 and wigan win seven-goal thriller against blackbur .
 opinion : worth the fight : women in augusta 's boys club <sec> martha burk : a decade of protests opened augusta national golf club to women .  the fight was n't about golf , she says , it was about women 's `` place '' in the corridors of power .  burk : without such protests , women would not be judges , lawmakers , troops , doctors .  burk : let 's hope more women will join condi rice and darla moore , and not as token .
 4 killed in afghanistan amid outrage over quran burning <sec> four civilians are killed and 50 people are injured in kunduz , a health official says .  police : at least 15 are injured in laghman protests .  the protests start after nato troops burn qurans at bagram airfield .  taliban says saturday 's killing of two u.s. military officers is linked to burnin .
 weekend in laguna beach <sec> laguna beach , california , is about 50 miles south of los angeles .  crowds thin out in laguna beach in the fall and winter months .  art galleries , shops and secluded beach walks keep visitors entertaine .
 american held by isis moved by suffering of syrians <sec> kayla mueller 's family confirms death .  ex-professor : mueller `` a peacemaker '' who was willing to make sacrifices for others .  family and friends : the 26-year-old devoted her life to activism , humanitarian cause .
 charlie sheen : 'i unravel really quickly ' <sec> new : dr. drew pinsky predicts a `` very , very unhappy ending '' for sheen .  sheen says he 's `` peeing clean '' during at-home rehab .  the actor says sitcom producers should `` get me right now '' .  boredom triggers his infamous partying , sheen say .
 officials suspect illinois robbery bankrolled ray <sec> police : james earl ray 's money came from a bank robbery in his hometown .  gun , masks used in robbery found near burial plot of ray 's mother .  ray bought a mustang and underwent plastic surgery before king 's death .  prosecutors believe he lived very cheaply on the ru .
 brothers apologize for deadly listeria outbreak <sec> eric and ryan jensen pleaded guilty to misdemeanor counts of introducing adulterated food .  a 2011 listeriosis outbreak killed roughly three dozen people .  the brothers apologize in court to the victims ' familie .
 french journalist killed while covering syrian civil war <sec> french photojournalist dies as a result of head wounds , french officials say .  he was covering a battle in idlib , reporters without borders media group says .  french officials send condolences , say death is reminder of risks .  opposition group says 57 people were killed sunday in fighting across the countr .
 new york draws record number of tourists <sec> new york expects to draw more than 50 million visitors by the end of 2011 , mayor says .  the number of tourists is a record for the city .  the city reached the milestone a year ahead of schedule , mayor say .
 video shows woman 's scuffle with police , arrest before airport death <sec> new : husband called airport saying his wife was suicidal , police report says .  video shows woman apparently yelling before officers approach her .  several officers surround her , and she drops to the floor .  carol ann gotbaum died in custody september 2 .
 terminally-ill reality tv star jade goody marries <sec> publicist : couple receive standing ovation , lots of tears , laughter , smiles .  british 'big brother ' star fast-tracked plans to get married after cancer spread .  shetty says she was invited to ceremony but unable due to film commitments .  charities report marked increase in public seeking details about conditio .
 n.y. woman guilty of manslaughter in son 's death <sec> defense lawyers , citing legal errors , say they will appeal and seek a new trial .  gigi jordan is found guilty of manslaughter for feeding drugs to her autistic 8-year-old son .  jude mirra , 8 , died from painkillers , other drugs , prosecutors say .  the defense says the desperate mother aimed to protect her son from a sexually abusive fathe .
 lady gaga 's 'born this way ' cranks up the crazy <sec> what makes `` born this way '' so disarmingly great is how warm and humane gaga sounds .  the album thumps like the soundtrack to a lost `` eddie and the cruisers '' sequel .  the more excessive gaga gets , the more honest she sound .
