 can turkey avert mideast disaster ? <sec> mohammed ayoob : turkey 's minister visits iran as tensions rise between west , iran .  ayoob notes western nations vow stricter sanctions on iran over nuclear program .  iran vows to close strait of hormuz ; he says turkey caught in the middle of disputes .  turkey holding talks between west , iran , he says , might head off confrontatio .
 indian prime minister attempts 'cricket diplomacy ' with invite <sec> indian prime minister has sent an invitation to pakistani leaders to attend world cup .  two rival countries meet in the semifinals of the tournament in mohali on wednesday .  pakistan prime minister and president have not confirmed if they are going to accept .  it would be a pakistani 's first state visit to india for more than 10 year .
 lil wayne to release brand-new song right away <sec> `` we got a crazy song -- if [ it 's not out ] tomorrow , definitely next week , '' wayne 's manager says .  wayne settled into miami 's hit factory studio tuesday for a 15-hour recording session .  the president of wayne 's label , tweeted , `` it 's official wayne laid his 1st verse ! ! ! .  ! .
 alleged armored truck shooter caught <sec> new : between $ 1.3 and $ 1.5 million was recovered with him , the fbi reported .  konias was found in pompano beach , florida .  police found money at his grandmother 's grave , parents ' house .  kenneth konias jr. was accused of shooting partner , stealing cas .
 bradley manning defense calls only 2 witnesses <sec> new : manning 's defense calls only two witnesses .  new : witness tells hearing about manning outburst .  former hacker says he traded e-mails with someone he believes was mannin .
 attackers rape more than 170 women in raids on congo villages <sec> about 100 women near the town of fizi treated for rape , abuse and trauma .  the united nations is investigating the incidents .  war ended in 2003 , but violence is still widespread in eastern congo .  sexual abuse there earned congo the title of rape capita .
 why europe 's immigration nightmare is only beginning <sec> deaths of more than 300 migrants near italy in early october put immigration in spotlight .  tragedy has exposed deep divisions among eu leaders about how to prevent next disaster .  front-line countries want eu counterparts to bear greater burden of asylum seeker .
 yemeni vp announces he 'll run for president <sec> president ali abdullah saleh is set to step down after february 21 elections .  protests against saleh have been ongoing since last year .  acting leader abdurabu mansur hadi promises to solve yemen 's crise .
 eastern europe scrambles to deal with brutal winter <sec> ukraine sets up an emergency hospital and distributes heated tents .  at least 250 people have died across europe due to weather .  more snow is forecast to blanket the southeast , where many roads are already closed .  temperatures thoughout europe are significantly lower than average for winte .
 opinion : sid caesar was hilariously out of control <sec> gene seymour : sid caesar was explosive , hilarious comic , very popular in tv 's early days .  he says in the '50s , caesar 's tv shows appealed to both working and thinking classes .  his writers included carl reiner , mel brooks , woody allen , neil simon ; he was hugely influential .  seymour : he was impulsive , conquered addictions , lived long to see impact of his wor .
 video exposes indian police brutality <sec> video shows girl being physically abused by police , rights group says .  human rights watch says some police are becoming vigilantes .  report also shows poor conditions that police are expected to work under .  the government has promised change .
 opinion : how racist remarks cost l.a. cops trust <sec> mark o'mara : lapd cop caught on audio recording allegedly making racial slurs outside bar .  he says disciplinary hearing recommended he be fired ; chief suspended him instead .  black men overrepresented in criminal justice system . .  racism from cops hurts trust , he says .  o'mara : allowing racist officers to remain institutionalizes racism and endangers good cop .
 nyc marathoners -- with no race to run due to sandy -- can get entry-fee refund <sec> the new york city marathon was canceled in the wake of superstorm sandy .  race organizers say runners can now get refund for their entry fees .  or runners can opt for guaranteed entry into an upcoming rac .
 two families bond after child 's death saves another <sec> eva perez 's son died after a sledding accident when he was 6 years old .  she and her husband agreed to donate his organs .  his liver saved the life of a young girl with hepatitis .  today , the two families have formed a special bon .
 review : 'a very she & him christmas ' <sec> zooey deschanel reunites with portland folkie m. ward for `` a very she & him christmas '' .  the `` new girl '' star 's unfussy voice puts a charming spin on the classics .  the self-penned ''christmas day , '' with its gingerbread-spicy surf licks , is swee .
 nasa : space shuttle discovery to take off wednesday <sec> nasa officials confident that discovery 's launch will go as scheduled .  crew of six astronauts set to go on an 11-day mission .  orbital maneuvering system pod repaire .
 report : sudanese soldiers raped over 200 women , girls <sec> human rights watch : mass rapes occurred over a 36-hour period last october .  a sudanese official rejects the claim as unfounded and illogical .  a u.s. ambassador blasts sudan for `` shamefully '' denying un access for a full investigatio .
 official : u.s. revokes visas of honduran president , 15 others <sec> honduran official : de facto president , 14 supreme court judges had visas revoked .  u.s. state department had announced it would pull visas of the regime .  president jose manuel zelaya was ousted on june 28 and sent into exile .  u.n. has condemned the move and does not recognize de facto governmen .
 opinion : cruz is plenty hispanic <sec> ruben navarrette : bill richardson crossed line by implying ted cruz not hispanic .  navarrette : hispanics hurt hispanics by accusing one another of not being authentic .  he says if you want to attack cruz , call him out on politics , not his authenticity .  navarrette once played authenticity game , but he says he grew u .
 growing up scared in peshawar <sec> children in peshawar live with effects of military offensives and militant retaliation .  their smiles are how they cope with a faceless and unknown enemy , psychiatrist says .  as emotions intensify , people -- including the children -- look for scapegoat .
 syria-bound russian cargo ship turning back , british diplomat says <sec> uk foreign secretary william hague says the ship appears to be headed toward russia .  he said britain is discouraging anyone from supplying arms to syria .  chemical weapons in syria are a concern , hague said .  he says focus is on peaceful transition , but `` we can not take any options off the table .
 indonesia to withdraw from opec <sec> indonesia to withdraw from opec at end of the year , energy minister says .  purnomo yusgiantoro says indonesia more of an oil consumer than producer .  low production means southeast asia 's only opec member is net oil importe .
 afghan killing probe to look at suspect 's mental health , aggravating factors <sec> new : attorney : the soldier was injured in iraq and , `` despite that , was sent back '' into battle .  a u.s. soldier accused of killing 16 afghan civilians has been moved to kuwait .  he has not been charged yet , and it 's not clear where he would be tried .  the army will probably conduct a full probe of the suspect 's mental conditio .
 buddhists convicted of muslim massacre in myanmar <sec> myanmar convicts 22 buddhists for anti-muslim violence , bloodshed in march .  at least 43 people died , thousands displaces in central city of meiktila .  riots began march 20 , lasted for three days , until state of emergency declared .  myanmar , also known as burma , is on path of democratic , economic refor .
 'madam secretary ' becomes latest hollywood obsession with the beltway <sec> cbs debuts a new show sunday night about a female secretary of state .  it 's one of many shows from hollywood with a washington focus .  stars of the show stopped by the nation 's capital for its premie .
 nola 's welcome mat is intact after isaac <sec> businesses hit hard by katrina are breathing a sigh of relief .  some business owners in tourist areas are repairing relatively minor damage .  isaac is `` a blip on the screen '' of a great year for tourism , one owner say .
 tiny moon discovered orbiting saturn <sec> the speck of light was first observed on august 15 .  the moon is one-third of a mile across and circles saturn as a part of its sixth ring .  the images were captured by cameras on board the cassini spacecraf .
 wimbledon : eugenie bouchard into first grand slam final <sec> eugenie bouchard beat simona halep 7-6 6-2 in wimbledon women 's semifinal .  the 20-year-old canadian will face 2011 champion petra kvitova in saturday 's final .  kvitova saw off lucie safarova 7-6 6-1 earlier in the day .  men 's singles semifinals take place frida .
 ja rule 's 'unruly ' path from jail to christianity <sec> rapper ja rule has described his path to christianity .  he reconnected with god at new york city 's hillsong church .  he was raised in the jehovah 's witness fait .
 rnc : rand paul 'tip of the spear ' to prod the gop <sec> rand paul repeats his claim that the gop 's brand 'sucks , ' adding 'we are n't the cool club ' .  his comments came on a call with college republicans hosted by rnc chairman reince priebus .  priebus called paul 'a real tip of the spear when it comes to challenging our party about growth .
 new charges filed in investigation of anna nicole smith death <sec> trio enter `` not guilty '' pleas in connection with model 's 2007 death .  smith 's lawyer and two doctors accused of supplying her with drugs .  smith , 39 , died of `` acute combined drug intoxication '' in february 200 .
 jon stewart : rallies not a response to glenn beck <sec> the rally to restore sanity and march to keep fear alive will take place on october 30th .  the rallies are meant to satirize the political process and news coverage spawned from it .  president barack obama says he is amused by the ide .
 3.7 million graco car seats recalled due to buckle issue <sec> graco is voluntarily recalling convertible , harnessed booster car seats .  but it is not recalling infant car seats , despite the government 's request .  the problem : the seats ' harness can become difficult to unlatch .  those with recalled seats or concerns can get a new buckle , company official say .
 24 hours in hong kong : urban thrills where east meets west <sec> take a morning walk round the peak for stunning views before diving into the city .  sample some of the world 's best dim sum and indulge in some retail therapy .  cocktail bars with a view of hong kong island should play some part in your evening .  tell us about your favorite places in hong kong using the sound off box , belo .
 uefa has no plans to make chernobyl donation <sec> the 1986 chernobyl disaster was the worst nuclear accident in history .  `` there are no plans to make donations to the victims of the chernobyl disaster , '' says uefa .  chairman of the chernobyl children 's trust describes decision as paying 'lip-service ' to chernobyl victims .  uefa made a net profit of $ 312.5 millio .
 faked suicide adds two years to fraud sentence <sec> judge says sam israel `` thumbed his nose at the system '' .  two-year sentence exceeds federal guidelines .  israel faked his suicide to escape jail sentence for fraud .  hedge fund manager faced 20 years for defrauding investor .
 opinion : what scalia knows about illegal searches <sec> brianne gorod : scalia champions fourth amendment , has sided with liberal wing .  gorod : he may again in cases on whether police should be allowed to search cell phones .  she says framers wanted to protect against `` unreasonable searches and seizures '' .  gorod : warrantless searches of cell phones is equivalent to rifling through papers in a hom .
 russian general raises idea of pre-emptive strike against missile shield <sec> russian gen. nikolai makarov says a strike may be necessary in a period of tension .  makarov makes the comments at the conclusion of a conference in russia .  the united states and its allies are trying to ease russian concerns about a defense shield .  russia believes a missile defense system will be used as a deterrent to its system .
 fed cup champions italy held on opening day of 2011 campaign <sec> italy level at 1-1 with australia after opening day of 2011 fed cup competition .  belgium go 2-0 up against 2010 runners-up the u.s. after saturday 's singles matches .  france lead russia 2-0 , czech republic have 2-0 advantage over slovakia .  the two remaining singles and one doubles matches in each tie will be played on sunda .
 british man allegedly hacked u.s. government networks <sec> indictment alleges suspect hacked into networks and stole confidential information .  suspect lauri love and others allegedly sought to disrupt army , nasa , epa systems .  love was arrested on friday at his home in englan .
 swiss hostage escapes from islamist rebels <sec> lorenzo vinciguerra fled while soldiers conducted law enforcement operations .  during the escape , vinciguerra , 49 , suffered a minor injury .  dutchman ewold horn , 52 , is still being held by the abu sayyaf militant grou .
 weak economy puts more kids in line for free meals , report says <sec> number of students eating subsidized meals rises 2.5 percent , nonprofit says .  use of usda programs rises even as enrollment falls , report notes .  schools complain that usda does n't cover full cost of meals .  school nutrition association surveyed 130 school food directors in 38 state .
 'ghostbusters ' live-read grabs seth rogen , jack black , and rainn wilson <sec> seth rogen , jack black , and rainn wilson will do a live read of `` ghostbusters '' .  `` juno '' and `` up in the air '' filmmaker jason reitman organized the event .  reitman 's father , ivan , directed the original fil .
 feds launch probe of ferguson police <sec> investigation will look at the department 's use of force .  it will also assess stops , searches and arrests .  analyst : probe is `` very serious , '' can lead to `` virtual federal takeover '' of police .  it is distinct from another federal probe that 's specific to michael brown 's shootin .
 newsquiz : week of february 6 <sec> use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student news .  write your answers in the space provided .  today 's newsquiz includes the media literacy question of the da .
 storm system spurs tornado sightings , airport delays <sec> new : tornadoes are suspected in north carolina , virginia and maryland , but are n't confirmed .  delays build at busy airports .  tornado warnings and watches stretch from mississippi to new jersey .  the system spawned 26 possible tornadoes tuesday ; 12 twisters are confirme .
 murray makes history to earn federer clash in wimbledon final <sec> andy murray becomes first british man to reach wimbledon final for 74 years .  murray beats jo-wilfried tsonga of france in four sets in their semifinal .  murray to play six-time champion roger federer in sunday 's title match .  federer was a 6-3 3-6 6-4 6-3 winner over defending champion novak djokovi .
 bank trader held in connection with unauthorized deals at ubs <sec> new : kwaku adobili , in police custody , has a thursday hearing .  new : the 31-year-old suspect did n't enter a plea .  credit rating agency moody 's says it is reviewing ubs for a possible downgrade .  ubs itself reported the suspected rogue trader to police , officers sa .
 opinion : fathers , stop coddling your kids <sec> ruben navarrette : what we want for father 's day is an attitude adjustment for our kids .  navarrette : many fathers worry they coddle their kids and produce spoiled brats .  he says it 's our job to instill strong values and teach children how to become good people .  navarrette : fathers should n't check out , hang back and let their kids raise themselve .
 senate removes federal judge in impeachment conviction <sec> new : porteous barred from future federal office , accused of taking kick-backs , lying .  senate found federal judge guilty on all four articles of impeachment .  porteous is eighth federal judge in u.s. history to be impeached and convicted .  house voted unanimously in march to impeach porteous on corruption charge .
 g.r.l . singer , 'x factor ' finalist simone battle dead <sec> cause of death is not yet known , los angeles county coroner spokesman says .  simone battle was a finalist in 2011 season of `` the x factor '' .  she was a member of the girl singing group g.r.l .
 booming india battles poverty at 64 <sec> india is marking its 64th anniversary of freedom from british rule .  `` the poor have hardly benefited , '' says one man .  prime minister manmohan singh admits much needs to be done for the `` common man '' .  policymakers have agreed over the years that corruption is a major facto .
 north korea holds little sway in south korea 's election <sec> north korea security issues do n't weight heavily on south korean voters .  south korea will elect a new president december 19 .  polls show south koreans prioritize economic issues , education ahead of n. kore .
 china : food safety violators to face death penalty <sec> the directive also calls for harsher punishment for officials who protect violators .  a series of scandals have outraged consumers .  106 people have been convicted in recent months .  amnesty : china executes more people than all other countries combine .
 report : potential for abuses in nsa collection program <sec> new : privacy rights advocate says review board `` failed to fulfill its responsibility here '' .  report : nsa 's section 702 program is still lawful , `` valuable and effective '' .  however , `` aspects of the program 's implementation raise privacy concerns , '' report says .  report : people not involved in communications could be exposed to abuse .
 uhuru kenyatta sworn in as kenya 's new president <sec> uhuru kenyatta is kenya 's fourth and youngest president .  rival raila odinga had challenged the election results in court .  odinga accepted the results and offered his congratulations to kenyatta .  the most recent election follows a bloody aftermath to a 2007 vot .
 lohan late for first day of community service <sec> new : coroner says lindsay lohan missed her 7 a.m. pt start time .  publicist : she arrives 20 minutes late to do community service at los angeles county morgue .  actress will return to the morgue friday and try again , her publicist says .  a judge has already revoked lohan 's probation because of other similar failure .
 superb dortmund hit cologne for six <sec> borussia dortmund thrash cologne 6-1 to lead german table by five points .  shinji kagawa scores twice as dortmund edge closer to retaining their title .  newcastle draw level with chelsea in premier league after beating wba 3- .
 barcelona transfer ban suspended by fifa <sec> fifa suspends transfer ban preventing barcelona from signing players .  transfer ban applied to next two transfer windows .  ban put on hold until final decision on barca 's appeal is taken .  fifa had punished the club for breaking rules relating to the `` international transfer of minors .
 supreme court rules against obama in contraception case - cnnpolitics.com <sec> white house : women , not their bosses , should make personal health decisions .  conservative justices rule 5-4 in favor of hobby lobby .  the ruling could serve as template for future challenges to obamacare .  issue was whether businesses can opt out of mandate on religious ground .
 what is the muslim brotherhood ? <sec> the muslim brotherhood has been part of egyptian politics for 80 years .  it advocates a move away from secularism and a return to the rules of the quran .  the brotherhood is the oldest and largest opposition group in egypt .  its offshoots outside egypt are markedly more conservative in their view .
 meet the revolutionaries : how olympic athletes rose from the arab spring <sec> in a special collaboration between cnn and si , we meet the athletes of the arab spring .  despite revolution sportsmen from tunisia , yemen and egypt will be at london 2012 .  egyptian sprinter amr seoud hopes to compete against usian bolt in the 100m .  yemen 's ali khousrof was shot in the stomach but will be in london to .
 two killed , several injured in norwegian cruise ship fire <sec> new : police suspect there was an explosion in the engine room .  new : firefighters are battling to stabilize the damaged ship , which is taking on water .  two people have died after a fire on the cruise ship , norwegian police confirm .  nine more people have been taken to the hospital , police sa .
 is obama heading toward airstrikes in syria ? - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the u.s. is gathering intel on the locations of isis leadership in syria , officials say .  ex-cia official : isis is empowered when u.s. calls out , attacks them .  administration officials leave open the possibility of airstrikes on isis in syria .  official : president obama wo n't be `` restricted by borders '' in response to isi .
