 redemption for dufner at pga championship <sec> jason dufner wins the pga championship at oak hill for his first major .  dufner trailed jim furyk by a shot overnight but beat his fellow american by two shots .  tiger woods finished in a tie for 40th and british open champion phil mickelson tied for 72n .
 bike messengers deliver condoms as part of swiss health campaign <sec> swiss program offers condom delivery in three cities .  after phone order , bike couriers will deliver condoms within an hour .  program is part of country 's aids prevention campaig .
 opinion : ukraine crisis ' impact on nuclear weapons <sec> steven pifer : in ukraine occupation , russia reneging on 1994 deal to leave it alone .  budapest memorandum let ukraine shed nukes in exchange for its sovereignty , he says .  u.s. , russia , uk , ukraine signed . .  russia now reneging . .  west must penalize it , he says .  pifer : failure to support ukraine could delegitimize future nuke deals , like with ira .
 poland mourns president 's death in crash <sec> new : thousands in warsaw mourn death of president lech kaczynski .  plane was approaching the airport at smolensk , russia , believed to have hit trees .  97 people confirmed killed according to russian emergency minister .  `` entire top military brass '' appears to have died in crash , says one political observe .
 israeli-palestinian conflict takes center stage in washington <sec> obama says he is `` hopeful -- cautiously hopeful '' about the talks .  netanyahu says , `` we seek a peace that will end the conflict between us '' .  abbas says , `` let us ... put an end to this long period of suffering forever '' .  obama is hosting netanyahu , abbas , mubarak , and king abdullah ii at the white hous .
 nadal and federer tested in qatar <sec> rafael nadal and roger federer through to quarterfinals of qatar open .  no . .  1 nadal taken to three sets by unheralded slovakian lukas lacko .  federer also survives scare to beat his close friend marco chiudinelli .  defending champion nikolay davydenko also seeking to reach the last eigh .
 fiance kidney donor : 'of course we were a match ' <sec> liz kelly offered to donate kidney to move her ill fiance higher on donor list .  matt house had been diagnosed with congestive heart failure .  house 's family members were unable to donate because of health reasons .  after recuperation is over , the massachusetts couple plans to marry by summe .
 ukraine : demonstrators rally against new law curbing protests <sec> new : the president 's office says a working group will meet with the opposition .  30 police officers were injured in clashes , the interior ministry says .  interior ministry says some protesters tried to march on government buildings .  the new law was passed by lawmakers loyal to ukraine 's president in a show of hand .
 n.c. house passes restrictive abortion bill - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the bill now heads to the state senate for approval .  it includes a requirement for doctors to be present at an abortion .  it also prohibits government-administered insurance plans to pay for abortions .  critics say the bill would make it hard for abortion clinics to stay in busines .
 now it 's 'occupy foreclosed homes ' <sec> sally kohn : vacant building in brooklyn represents new front for occupy wall street .  she says organizers match foreclosed homes with needy families to redress inequality .  she says banks bailed out by taxpayers coldly foreclose , homes empty , homelessness up .  kohn : since d.c. wo n't force banks to find solution , occupy movement will step into breac .
 italian drug lord arrested in colombia <sec> italian drug lord roberto pannunzi is arrested north of bogota .  he allegedly headed a criminal organization in southern italy .  he is accused of importing up to two tons of cocaine into europe each mont .
 defense witness criticizes fbi 's inaction on whitey bulger <sec> former fbi agent says he wanted bulger cut off , but there was nothing he could do .  the prosecutor uses the former agent 's book to challenge his version of events .  the defense attorney 's request for sequestration is denied .  bulger is accused of participating in 19 murders and faces other charge .
 michelle obama , hillary clinton to attend service for betty ford <sec> new : former president george w. bush to attend , but not laura bush .  secretary clinton praises betty ford for breaking taboos .  ford will have a public funeral in california , and a private burial in michigan .  ford died friday at age 9 .
 new virus discovered in kansas , cdc reports <sec> the cdc named the bourbon virus after the kansas county where the patient lived .  the 50-year-old man died 11 days after falling ill , the cdc says .  the virus is probably spread by tick and insect bites , the cdc say .
 world 's best pizza not in italy <sec> an australian chef has taken home top honors at the world pizza championship in italy .  winning chef johnny di francesco learned to make pizza in naples , italy .  the winning pizza is made daily at di francesco 's 400 gradi restaurant in a melbourne subur .
 journalist detained working for cnn in ukraine is freed <sec> anton skiba called cnn on saturday to confirm his release .  he was detained when a cnn crew returned to donetsk from working at mh17 crash site .  his work for cnn included translating and providing local knowledg .
 london honors margaret thatcher in the streets with funeral <sec> supporters turn out to honor the `` iron lady '' at her funeral at london 's st paul 's cathedral .  small bands of protesters also turn out to mark margaret thatcher 's divisive legacy .  thatcher fans lining route drown out boos with spontaneous applause , cheering .  funeral is the biggest for a uk politician since winston churchill 's farewell in 196 .
 u.s. moves to quickly free up frozen libyan assets <sec> the united states and other countries are exploring ways to help the libyan rebels .  a resolution would free $ 1.5 million of frozen libyan assets .  south africa has been blocking committee approval of the resolutio .
 owner of firm linked to deadly meningitis outbreak takes fifth before congress <sec> barry cadden is subpoenaed to appear before a congressional subcommittee .  he 's owner and director of the new england compounding center .  'i respectfully decline to answer on the basis of my constitutional rights , ' he tells the panel .  the subcommittee is investigating what went wrong at his compan .
 two injured in pamplona on first day of running of the bulls <sec> 1 austrialian , 1 spaniard taken to hospital .  run lasts 2 minutes 23 seconds .  tv images show many runners making hard falls .  daily run continues until july 1 .
 faith and football : celtic 's green brigade becomes headache for owners <sec> a group of glasgow celtic fans lands the club with a fine after displaying banners at games .  the `` green brigade '' contravened rules against `` provocative '' religious and political messages .  celtic has banned more than 100 fans from attending games and calls on supporters to unite .  traditional religious and political allegiances of european fans often clash with the commercial ambitions of the club .
 japan apologizes for colonial rule of korea <sec> japan 's foreign minister katsuya okada apologizes to s. korea for japan 's rule over korea .  he calls period from 1910 to 1945 when japan ruled over korea a `` tragic incident '' .  japan 's military accused of using women , mainly from korea and china , as sex slaves .  in 2001 , then-pm junichiro koizumi acknowledged damage inflicted by japan 's militar .
 bus driver honored for saving lives , while losing his own <sec> chinese government honors bus driver who pulled over despite being fatally injured .  driver was credited with saving the lives of 24 passengers in zhejiang , eastern china .  wu bin died three days after being hit by a shard of metal while driving his bus .  thousands attended his funeral tuesday , according to a funeral home staff membe .
 opinion : atlanta : 2.6 inches of snow made hell freeze over <sec> melissa greene : fort lee , new jersey , traffic jam was nothing compared with atlanta 's .  greene : everybody tried to go home at once with the first snowflake in 16-degree weather .  greene : `` snowedoutatlanta '' connected the stranded with help from those at home .  greene woke up to 46-degree weather , but that was the temperature of her bedroo .
 da considers theft charge against lindsay lohan <sec> new : necklace theft evidence goes to the district attorney .  detectives got a warrant to search lohan 's home for the missing necklace .  the $ 2,500 piece of jewelry was given to police just before the search .  lohan 's lawyer has not responded to the police statemen .
 u.s. must shake addiction to debt -- or it will kill the recovery <sec> fight over debt ceiling ignores bigger problem of untenable u.s. debt load .  current arrangement works for wall street but not for main street .  federal reserve is allowing u.s. government to take on debt at absurdly low interest rate .
 traveling for tea in china <sec> tea tourism in china is relatively new , but growing in popularity among foreign and domestic travelers .  like wine , tea 's final flavor is influenced heavily by terroir -- the microclimate in which it 's grown .  three top areas for tea lovers are longjing , wuyi mountain and yunna .
 demonstrators ignore curfew in restive egyptian city <sec> new : troops push back attempt to storm a prison in port said .  clashes break out between protesters and security forces in suez .  morsy acknowledges dissent and calls for a dialogue with 11 political parties monday .  an opposition leader issues demands before agreeing to a dialogu .
 ringo starr : i 've got to get fans out of my life <sec> former beatle ringo starr has told fans he will no longer sign autographs .  starr says he will throw away fan mail after october 20 .  drummer says , with love , that he has too much to d .
 blast from the past : new reagan recordings released <sec> historian william doyle first requested the recordings in 1996 .  the recordings involve former president ronald reagan talking with world leaders .  doyle 's findings were published in the new york post on saturda .
 social media fuel mexican youth protests <sec> the surge of student activism comes at a key time during the presidential campaign .  some local media reports call it the `` mexican spring '' .  `` it was about time mexico woke up , that it stopped watching television , '' protester says .  students plan to meet this weekend to form a more specific strateg .
 college students change priorities in tough job market <sec> 2010 graduates have more jobs off the bat than 2009 graduates because they accepted more offers .  business and technical majors fared better in the job market this year .  more graduates planned to work for a non-profit or teach , or attend graduate or professional school in 2010 than 2009 .  career advisor wayne wallace tells grads to stay realistic , flexible and optimisti .
 man who shot john lennon denied parole for 7th time <sec> he was last up for parole in 2010 but was told that to release him would be `` inappropriate '' .  chapman , 57 , is serving a sentence of 20 years to life in prison .  he gunned down john lennon in manhattan apartment on december 8 , 198 .
 quarantined nurse : new ebola policy in n.j. , n.y. an 'ordeal ' <sec> friend of hickox says nurse is feeling fine , showing no symptoms .  doctors without borders questions conditions where nurse is being held .  hickox : `` i am scared for those who will follow me '' .  result from ebola test came back negativ .
 coast guard suspends search for sailors missing in yacht accident <sec> the yacht was hit by several large waves , causing it to roll over , the coast guard says .  coast guard : eight people were on board the low speed chase .  the yacht race took place near the farallon islands , near san francisc .
 uk : life in prison for 3 men who paralyzed girl in shooting <sec> three men convicted of a shooting that paralyzed a 5-year-old girl are given life sentences .  thusha was seen on surveillance video dancing happily moments before she was hit by a bullet .  `` i can not think of a worse time in my life , '' her mother says .  a police officer welcomes the sentences , says the men will have years to reflect on their crim .
 contractors outnumber full-time workers at dhs ; lawmakers 'astounded ' <sec> sens . .  joseph lieberman , susan collins call situation `` unacceptable , untenable '' .  department of homeland security has more than 200,000 contract workers .  full-time civilian employees at dhs number 188,000 .  lawmakers fear dhs `` inappropriately has ceded core decisions to contractors .
 u.n. committee on sexual abuse grills vatican officials <sec> new : vatican response still unsatisfactory , center for constitutional rights says .  vatican urged to take `` concrete '' steps to help victims of abuse by clergy .  `` it is not a policy of the holy see to encourage cover-ups , '' a vatican official says .  victims ' group calls for action , not words ; says pope francis should take a new pat .
 ferguson grand juror sues for right to talk <sec> the unnamed grand juror wants to talk in `` a way that could contribute to the public dialogue concerning race relations , '' aclu says .  the juror is suing st. louis county 's prosecutor to be allowed to talk .  `` grand jury secrecy must be weighed against the juror 's first amendment rights , '' aclu say .
 milan survives catania scare <sec> milan comes from behind to defeat catania 3-1 .  stephen el shaarawy scored twice and kevin prince-boateng was also on target .  nicola legrottaglie had given catania an 11th minute lead .  catania 's pablo barrientos and milan 's prince-boateng both shown red card .
 newton-john devoted to improving lives <sec> singer and actress olivia newton-john speaks to cnn 's connect the world .  star of hit musical `` grease '' a prominent campaigner for breast cancer awareness .  newton-john also a passionate advocate of rainforest protectio .
 wisconsin legislators are n't the first to walk out , leave town <sec> governor ca n't get a quorum in wisconsin senate to vote on a budget bill .  14 democrats say they wo n't return until governor negotiates with teachers union .  other states have seen legislative walkout .
 apple store openings shrouded in secrecy <sec> details behind apple 's launching of its retail stores reveal a furtive way of doing business .  retail executives say apple 's strict secrecy in its store-development process is peculiar .  apple is set to open a store friday inside new york 's grand central termina .
 oxfam loses johansson over sodastream ads and jewish settlements <sec> johansson stars in an ad for soda machine maker sodastream .  oxfam accuses sodastream of manufacturing in jewish settlements on the west bank .  the company says it manufactures on the west bank .  johansson 's super bowl ad for sodastream hit a previous snag with fox networ .
 tourist crashes drone in yellowstone hot spring <sec> tourist said to have crashed drone into grand prismatic spring .  park officials not sure if drone damaged the spring or if it needs to be recovered .  national park service banned drones in its parks in jun .
 clientele on the rise at biloxi soup kitchen <sec> as the city recovers from katrina , loaves and fishes sees more visitors .  clientele include the homeless , day laborers , out-of-luck gamblers .  `` i think we 'll feel the effects of katrina for a long time , '' mayor said .  he expects to break ground on a $ 400 million infrastructure project in januar .
 grammys 2014 : winners list <sec> daft punk were the big winners at the 56th annual grammys .  the group won record of the year and album of the year .  lorde won song of the year and best pop vocal .  macklemore & ryan lewis were named best new artis .
 'daniel boone ' star fess parker dies <sec> fess parker , 85 , star of `` daniel boone '' tv series , died thursday , his publicist said .  parker , a wwii vet , started his career in disney films , notably as davy crockett .  when series ended in 1970 , parker became a real estate developer .  parker is survived by his wife of 50 years , marcella , two children and 11 grandkid .
 cnn fact check : what about the security in benghazi ? <sec> vice president joe biden , rep. paul ryan spar over attack on u.s. mission in libya .  attack in benghazi killed four americans , including ambassador chris stevens .  biden says administration did n't know more security was requested for post .  biden : ryan , gop-led house did not provide security funds administration requeste .
 'urgent ' repair recommended for some boeing 777 engines <sec> safety board urges quick fix for boeing 777 engine problem .  rolls-royce engine blamed for two incidents last year .  ntsb : `` high probability '' of similar recurrence .  some 56 u.s. aircraft involved ; 228 worldwid .
 obama , boehner remain at odds on verge of fiscal cliff <sec> white house threatens to veto boehner 's `` plan b '' .  president obama suggests republicans are fixated on besting him personally .  speaker boehner says the house will pass his fallback tax plan thursday .  without a deal , everyone 's taxes go up in the new yea .
 shark attacks : is 'jaws ' back ? <sec> five deaths from unprovoked shark attacks reported within ten months in western australia .  while number of deaths is unusual , `` no scientific evidence '' to suggest increase in sharks .  shark encounters remain very low , with annual average of 16 encounters over the last decade .  government has committed us $ 14m over five years for shark attack research and preventio .
 israeli businessman dies amid controversy <sec> sammy ofer was 89 .  one of his companies was recently accused of having relations with iran .  the relations with iran breached international restrictions , officials alleg .
 the case for firing janet napolitano <sec> before 9/11 , airport security was a joke and agencies feuded , ed rollins says .  he says detroit incident shows similar problems persist .  obama needs to do more than get mad , he must hold someone responsible , rollins says .  he says homeland security secretary janet napolitano should be fire .
 david beckham to have role in london olympics opening ceremony <sec> david beckham tells cnn he will have a role in the opening ceremony of the olympics .  the soccer star says his role in friday 's glittering ceremony will involve a flame .  beckham played a crucial part in securing the olympic games for london .  the 37-year-old says he wants team usa to do well in the games as well as team g .
 u.n. hosts filming of `` law & order : svu '' episode <sec> tv show is the first to film at u.n. 's new york headquarters .  tuesday 's episode centers on child soldiers .  it 's first project in u.n. 's creative community outreach initiative .  `` svu '' writers , cast relied on guidance from advocacy grou .
 source : kenya mall attack suspect eyed after ammo fell out of pocket <sec> new : there 's growing concern that some attackers escaped , u.s. officials say .  the man was injured , being evacuated from westgate mall when authorities were tipped off .  the kenyan national is being held in a hospital on a military airbase , a kenyan source says .  at least 67 are confirmed dead in the nairobi mall attack ; dozens more still unaccounted fo .
 safe sex ideas that raise eyebrows <sec> unusual campaigns are aimed at promoting condom use and fighting aids .  german develops spray-on condom named `` jolly joe '' that dries in 3 minutes .  bill and melinda gates foundation pays for india 's `` condom ring tone '' .  australia promotes safe sex by hanging thousands of condoms in tree .
 shooter : 'it does n't matter if i killed bin laden ' <sec> robert o'neill says he was told he ca n't even identify himself as a navy seal .  o'neill says in an audio interview that he does n't care about the criticism .  ''there are people who think i 'm not '' the shooter , he says .  o'neill , 38 , gave the interview to former cnn correspondent alex quad .
 will china have dna prodigies ? <sec> scientists at shanghai biochip co. say they can uncover a person 's natural strengths .  they do so by examining the dna from a simple cheek swab .  they test eleven genes that they say correspond to certain traits .  specific combinations of the genes can reveal predispositions for certain skill .
 travolta 's lawyer testifies in bahamas extortion trial <sec> new : lawyer says defendants used papers to imply negligence in extortion attempt .  new : she says documents showed travolta sought alternative to area hospital .  lawyer testifies paramedic tried to extort $ 25 million from john travolta .  allyson maynard-gibson said she was approached in days after jett travolta die .
 official : 14 dead in bomb blast in pakistan <sec> a roadside bomb targeted a van in northwest pakistan , an official says .  the blast targeted a van in the lower dir district near the afghan borde .
 in bangkok , low-key reaction as military stages coup <sec> bangkok reacts calmly to news of coup .  but with news broadcasts cut off , it 's unclear how rural residents are reacting .  coup began with troops sealing off meeting between rival factions .  general soon took to the air to announce the takeove .
 ex officer allegedly leaked u.s. military secrets to chinese woman <sec> contractor allegedly gave information to 27-year-old woman he met at a conference .  benjamin bishop charged with passing military secrets relating to nuclear weapons .  bishop 's lawyer says the charges are devastating . .  says he would n't harm the united states .  authorities are not calling the woman a spy , but may have been targeting secret informatio .
