 local officials probe claim of confession in kendrick johnson gym-mat death <sec> kendrick johnson 's body was found in a rolled-up mat in his high school gym .  the teen 's death more than a year ago was ruled an accident .  cnn obtains an e-mail sent anonymously claiming reports of confession in the death .  the anonymous e-mail to the sheriff 's department sparks a subpoena for internet record .
 woman labeled 'icon ' of turkey protests : it 's not about me <sec> ceyda sungur is pepper-sprayed by security forces .  images of her in a red dress , unarmed , move people to call her an icon of turkey protests .  sungur says there is no difference between her and others tear-gassed in the park .  protests in turkey have been raging for days , as riot police clash with demonstrator .
 noted film composer john barry dies <sec> barry worked on the score to 11 james bond films .  he won several academy award .
 the bionic hand with the human touch <sec> the i-limb is the first prosthetic hand that has five individually-powered articulating digits .  wearers control hand via an electrical sensor that detects muscle movements in residual limb .  most of the 4,000+ i-limbs in operation have been fitted to veterans from wars in iraq and afghanista .
 iraqis vote amid worst violence in years <sec> new : 60 % of eligible voters turn out .  polls close and the ballot-counting process begins .  at least seven people are killed in attacks targeting polling stations .  the vote is the first since the u.s. troop withdrawal in 201 .
 football enters space age with 'footbonaut ' <sec> german champions borussia dortmund pioneer the use of `` space age '' training .  the `` footbonaut '' is a 14-meter cage which delivers balls to a player by eight machines .  the player must then pass to one of 72 panels which is signaled by a flashing green light .  `` it is the perfect tool to improve ball-handling skills , '' says dortmund coach jurgen klop .
 islamists claim responsibility for iraq anniversary attacks <sec> islamic state of iraq statement says the 61 deaths are 'retaliation ' .  the statement lambasted shiites in government .  the attacks come 10 years after the u.s.-led invasion began .  recent attacks in shiite areas have spread fear among iraqi .
 new report : britain spied on g-20 delegates in 2009 <sec> britain tried to spy on g-20 delegates in 2009 , the guardian reports .  the report was published a day before the g-8 summit in northern ireland .  it 's the latest revelation based on documents from nsa leaker edward snowden .  senator questions whether nsa surveillance is `` an american approach .
 racing team owner roush transferred to mayo clinic <sec> auto racing magnate jack roush has been transferred to the mayo clinic .  roush had facial surgery tuesday night .  the ntsb says roush 's plane rolled hard to the right and cartwheeled upon landing .  roush , an airplane enthusiast , was heading to an air sho .
 button blitzes fastest pre-season time in f1 tests for mclaren <sec> world champion jenson button sets fastest time of the eight pre-season testing sessions .  british driver tops timesheets at jerez on saturday for his new team mclaren .  teams head to barcelona next week for final sessions before first race in bahrain .  struggling new team campos confident of competing after naming new team bos .
 new york area on the clock for history-making super bowl <sec> steve politi : superdome power outage sets stage for next year 's super bowl in n.j . .  winter storm could shut down transportation and make for freezing , miserable spectators .  but if the game is a success , more cold-weather markets may host super bowls .  fans like to take over host cities , so politi wonders if nyc will `` swallow the game whole .
 afghan girl begs for bread , prays for help <sec> 11-year-old girl begs for bread every day to feed her family .  she heads to richer kabul neighborhoods , but danger is ever-present .  for 3 hours a day she goes to school , but funding crisis threatens that repriev .
 obama administration gives 8 states waivers on no child left behind <sec> the addition of 8 new states brings to 19 the number of states with waivers .  another 17 states and the district of columbia are under review for waivers .  the white house announced last year states could get waivers if certain standards are met .  education secretary : `` states must show they are protecting children in order to get flexibility .
 a crown jewel of the national parks <sec> yosemite national park 's half dome welcomes seasoned hikers to its summit .  visitors might see bears and other wildlife wandering through cook 's meadow .  visit mariposa grove or any of the sequoia groves to see the ancient sequoia .
 ecuadorian clinics allegedly use abuse to 'cure ' homosexuality <sec> paola concha says she was beaten at clinic trying to `` cure '' her homosexuality .  the clinic director denies they try to change sexual orientation .  the ecuadorian government says other people 's stories support concha 's .  more than 30 such clinics have been shut down since july , an activist say .
 'copper ' : costuming a period drama <sec> 'copper ' is a period detective drama set in 1865 and based on early forensic methods .  costuming for the show is done by team of cutters , sewers , dyers , cobblers and milliners .  head costumer delphine white consulted historical records to get the look right .  white also incorporated more modern colors and cuts to give costumes a unique flai .
 u.s. denies spying allegations in bolivia <sec> u.s. diplomat accused of violating rights of bolivian citizens .  u.s. officials admit inappropriate suggestion was made , deny spying allegations .  diplomat asked about names , addresses of cubans and venezuelans in bolivi .
 $ 600 guitars made from oil cans : the authentic south afri-can sound <sec> a south african company is crafting guitars out of old oil cans .  the idea comes from traditional south african instruments made out of cans .  the firm says many famous musicians have one of their guitars .  the guitars are sold online at a cape town craft marke .
 former nfl players sue league over head injuries <sec> four former nfl players are suing the league .  the men accuse the nfl of using a `` hand-picked committee of physicians '' .  they say the league misrepresented evidence of the effects of head trauma .  the league says any allegation `` the nfl intentionally sought to mislead players has no merit .
 rally row : does the dakar damage a delicate environment ? <sec> the 33rd edition of the dakar rally will come to a conclusion on sunday .  the south american endurance event has attracted the ire of environmental groups .  it has been held in argentina and chile since 2009 , with peru added this year .  organizers say the grueling two-week race may expand to other countrie .
 south carolina cop shoots unarmed man : a timeline <sec> victim 's brother says he felt `` anger and happy at the same time '' upon seeing video .  officer michael slager pulls over scott at 9:33 a.m. saturday .  video shows the officer firing eight times as scott runs away , with his back to polic .
 historic rains kill at least 35 in south korea <sec> new : rain falling at a rate of 2 inches an hour in some areas .  agency says 35 dead after downpours and landslides .  five neighborhoods outside seoul are under evacuation orders .  officials have been able to restore power to thousand .
 court affirms protection of google/nsa communications <sec> federal appeals court affirms protection of communications between google and nsa .  nsa said disclosure would threaten government information systems .  cyberattack is serious threat says former chairman of joint chiefs of staf .
 journalists kidnapped in somalia <sec> two international journalists and somali colleague and driver kidnapped .  canandian amanda lindhout and australian nigel brenan seized .  the group had been conducting interviews at a refugee cam .
 use of license photos in criminal probes puts ohio ag under fire <sec> the program uses a database of photos from drivers ' licenses and mug shots .  the unannounced program has been used in ohio 2,677 times since it began in june .  ohio 's ag says he should have let people know their license photos were in the database .  an aclu official says the program should be shut dow .
 joint chiefs chair to graduates : 'i fear they do not know us ' <sec> adm. mike mullen tells west point graduates to close the military-civilian gap .  he says civilians know little about the sacrifices of the military .  he asks america 's newest officers to help solve the proble .
 more than 1 million protest court ruling in barcelona <sec> police say more than 1 million people attended saturday 's rally .  the march comes after constitutional court ruled catalonia could not call itself a nation .  catalonia is one of 17 regions in spai .
 'idiot abroad ' unimpressed by world 's wonders <sec> `` an idiot abroad '' debuted saturday on the science channel .  `` idiot '' karl pilkington hates exotic traveling , but must explore `` world wonders '' .  comedian ricky gervais plots activities to shock and scare pilkington .  watch the next episode saturda .
 jon lord , keyboard player with seminal hard rock act deep purple , dies <sec> jon lord suffered a fatal pulmonary embolism after a long battle with cancer .  he fused classical and heavy metal music .  'smoke on the water ' co-writer was 7 .
 plane en route to christian youth conference crashes in kansas , 4 die <sec> the pilot did not make a distress call , an ntsb official says .  aircraft en route from oklahoma to iowa crashes in kansas .  four people on board are killed , one seriously injured .  the plane landed on a field , skidded and hit trees , kansas authorities sa .
 china 's crazy property bubble <sec> despite beijing moves to cool the property market , prices continue to rise .  in beijing , home prices were up 16 % , shanghai 17 % year-on-year in september .  economist : `` the problem is chinese people have very few investment vehicles '' .  central leadership expected to discuss reforms at the plenary session starting saturda .
 scam targets veterans ' credit card info , va warns <sec> scam artists are calling veterans and posing as va workers .  they say they need credit card information to update prescription information .  official : va does not call vets and ask them to disclose financial information .  scam `` dishonors their service and misrepresents the department , '' official say .
 apple watches for everybody at buzzfeed <sec> buzzfeed 's 700 employees will get apple watches for hitting traffic goals .  the site topped 200 million visitors in november .  ceo jonah peretti announced the bonus on thursda .
 farmers sue dea for right to grow industrial hemp <sec> fast-growing hemp used for food , paper , textiles and car parts .  hemp and marijuana have tetrahydrocannabinol , but the level in hemp is lower .  north dakota is one of seven states that have ok 'd production or research .  the dea will not approve permits for two farmers in that stat .
 what does the future hold for african tennis ? <sec> african tennis is struggling to produce top-level professional players .  aspiring stars face big obstacles if they are to establish themselves on tour .  one of the best ways is to win a college scholarship in the united states .  otherwise african players are not exposed to top-level competition while they are youn .
 'carmageddon ii '' : will this year 's version snarl l.a. traffic ? <sec> this weekend 's closure of interstate 405 is dubbed `` carmageddon ii ' .  the 405 is a critical artery that will be closed for 10 miles through mountains .  l.a. officials are asking motorists to stay off the road this weekend .  the highway connects the san fernando valley with west l.a. and la .
 nasa physicist imagines a warp-speed starship <sec> nasa physicist harold white has been working since 2010 to develop a warp drive .  this week he unveiled images of what such a starship might look like .  renderings are by artist mark rademaker , who based them on white 's designs .  warp drive would let spacecraft travel at speeds faster than ligh .
 family of 2001 anthrax victim settles with government <sec> the settlement will pay the victim 's family $ 2.5 million .  the family of bob stevens had sued the government for $ 50 million .  stevens , a tabloid photo editor , was the first person to die in the anthrax attacks in 2001 .  the fbi eventually blamed the attacks on a civilian scientis .
 'funny people ' cast sizes up film <sec> adam sandler and seth rogen star in judd apatow 's `` funny people '' .  film presents `` realistic representation '' of comedians ' lives , rogen says .  sandler plays lonely movie star ; he says he 's not much like character in real lif .
 uk cancer teen stephen sutton dies after raising millions for charity <sec> stephen sutton , who was first diagnosed with cancer in 2010 , has died at age 19 .  he created a `` bucket list '' of things to do and ended up raising huge sums for charity .  his courage and fundraising efforts won him wide admiration in britain .  loss of her `` courageous , selfless , inspirational son '' breaks her heart , mother say .
 life of briny : golf 's richest runner-up <sec> american briny baird has won over $ 12 million in prize money since turning pro .  baird has been professional since 1995 and has played in 348 career events .  although never winning a tournament , baird has finished second five times .  the 39-year-old is ranked in 87th position in the all-time pga tour money lis .
 thousands in hong kong march against occupy central <sec> tens of thousands march to protest occupy central democracy movement .  organizer claims quarter-million attended march , other estimates far lower .  occupy central organizer benny tai says he is not concerned .  china 's government will release decision on hong kong election reform soo .
 opinion : the world cup of u.s. politics <sec> most americans consider midterm elections insignificant ; many do n't vote .  julian zelizer : midterms can make a big difference , and this year 's vote is huge .  if democrats lose senate majority , obama 's woes would only grow .  zelizer : democrats would lose influence , and replacing judges would be very difficul .
 obama resurrects military trials for terror suspects <sec> obama revives bush system that was suspended in january .  new system to include expanded due-process rights for the suspects , obama says .  aclu calls move `` a striking blow to due process and the rule of law .
 china : demonstrators demand security after needle attacks <sec> report : stabbings occurred in china 's xinjiang uyghur autonomous region .  ethnic-fueled violence has plagued the regions 's capital , urumqi .  riots occurred between predominantly muslim uyghurs and ethnic han chinese .  witness : govt . .  text messages warned syringes contained unknown diseas .
 france 's sarkozy reaches out to far-right voters <sec> new : an opinion poll shows hollande leading sarkozy .  nicolas sarkozy says he has a `` duty to listen '' to far-right voters .  socialist francois hollande topped sarkozy in the first round of presidential elections .  hollande and sarkozy will face off on may .
 ivf helps nigerians overcome infertility stigma <sec> in nigeria there can be a stigma attached to childless marriage .  infertility twice as common in nigeria as u.s. , according to expert .  dr richard ajayi is helping make ivf easily accessible in in nigeri .
 at & t has iphone exclusivity until 2012 <sec> apple signed a five-year deal with at & t for iphone exclusivity back in 2007 , court documents show .  lawsuit claims that apple and at & t exerted a monopoly over iphone service .  but the iphone could possibly still appear on another carrier before 201 .
 pope francis : do n't insult others ' faith <sec> francis : it 's wrong to make fun of others ' faith ; decries violence done in god 's name .  he makes remarks en route to manila for a five-day visit -- his first tour of asi .
 millions in india , nepal flee rising water <sec> india and nepal battle worst flooding for decades .  india says 3 million affected in northeast ; nepal says 100,000 displaced .  river burst bank and now flows 75 miles east of its original course .  indian prime minister tours area and announces $ 238 million aid packag .
 sen. dick durbin 's daughter dies <sec> illinois democratic sen. dick durbin 's daughter dies .  chris durbin , 40 , had a congenital heart condition .  funeral arrangements are pendin .
 sepp blatter calls for more african nations at world cup finals <sec> sepp blatter says africa is under-represented at the world cup finals .  fifa president claims the continent 's footballing progress is being held back .  blatter suggests that europe has too many places at soccer 's showpiece event .  comments fuel speculation that the 77-year-old will stand for re-election in 201 .
 desmond tutu marks 80th birthday ; hears wishes from dalai lama <sec> new : the dalai lama wishes tutu well and says he is sad about his canceled trip .  south african archbishop desmond tutu turns 80 .  dalai lama scraps a planned visit to attend tutu 's birthday after a visa delay .  tutu says the government is acting worse than apartheid regim .
 faarrow : singing somali sisters set for superstardom <sec> somali sisters , iman and siham hashi , make up faarrow .  a fusion of hip-hop , world pop and afrobeats , they are currently finishing debut albu .
 drug lord 's son seeks forgiveness <sec> pablo escobar 's son sebastian marroquin seeks reconciliation in documentary .  he meets with sons of two men whose deaths are believed to have been on his father 's orders .  one says he still seeks justice but he has made peace with marroquin .  marroquin : coming into spotlight is risky , but hope for peace in colombia is worth i .
 brazil officials track disease from flood-tainted water <sec> death toll from flooding in southern brazil reaches 116 ; 31 people missing .  officials report 10 suspected cases of potentially deadly leptospirosis .  authorities warn people to avoid flood-contaminated food , water .  more heavy rain forecast for parts of brazi .
 return to aleppo : 'we are in hell ' <sec> nick paton walsh says aleppo is a skeleton of the city he visited 22 months ago .  walsh : indiscriminate bombings have taken the life out of the city .  man in hospital describes what it 's like to be hit by a bomb .  even children as young as 3 years old are targete .
 no criminal charge in college student 's false rape accusation <sec> danmell ndonye , 18 , will not face criminal charges for falsely accusing 5 men of rape .  ndonye must participate in yearlong psychiatric program , do community service .  she recanted because part of the incident was caught on cell phone video .  hofstra university has suspended ndony .
 officials fear for infants born to prescription drug addicts <sec> hundreds of florida babies have been born addicted to drugs .  infants `` go through withdrawal symptoms , '' nurse says .  government says prescription drug abuse is nation 's fastest-growing drug problem .  mothers are often reluctant to seek hel .
 fbi : more than 300,000 could lose web access by july <sec> hundreds of thousands could lose web access after a multi-million-dollar malware scam .  fbi set up temporary servers so users would n't lose their internet access .  those servers will be shut down on july 9 .  fbi has set up a site to see if you 're infected and to help you fix your compute .
 pregnant catherine leaves hospital flanked by prince william <sec> prince charles is `` thrilled '' by the prospect of becoming a grandfather .  catherine is escorted from the hospital by her husband , britain 's prince william .  she will now undertake a period of rest , a palace spokesman said .  their child will be next in line to the british throne after willia .
 severe weather hits part of south <sec> new : one person dies in weather-related accident .  tornado watches and flood warnings issued for much of eastern u.s . .  firefighters rescue two children from mobile home in georgia after tree falls .  wind gusts higher than those from hurricanes measured in raleig .
 uefa award italy 3-0 win after serbia violence <sec> uefa award italy a 3-0 win after their euro 2012 qualifying match with serbia was abandoned .  the game was called off after seven minutes due to violence from serbia supporters .  serbian fans threw flares and fireworks onto the pitch .  serbia also ordered to play two games behind closed door .
 opinion : give hero marine his medal of honor <sec> ruben navarrette : sgt . .  rafael peralta , who died in iraq , deserves the medal of honor .  he says peralta , by many accounts , smothered a grenade to save comrades .  some said peralta , who was shot , could n't have done it consciously .  navarrette : many , including his comrades , think he deserves the meda .
