 nicaraguan president urges swift investigation of diplomat 's death <sec> ortega says a quick investigation will allow the diplomat to be buried in his birthplace .  authorities have not said whether cesar mercado 's death was a homicide or a suicide .  police are analyzing fingerprints found in blood in his apartmen .
 u.s. , allies expel syrian diplomats after massacre <sec> new : a former syrian general says the army is no longer `` of the people , '' but a tool of the regime .  new : bulgaria , the netherlands join the united states and others in expelling diplomats .  if the peace plan fails , `` may god help us , '' says joint special envoy kofi annan .  72 people were killed tuesday , an opposition group say .
 jury orders lawyer to pay $ 4.5 million to gay university of michigan alumnus <sec> new : shirvell calls jury award `` grossly excessive '' .  jury finds in armstrong 's favor on four counts , including defamation .  `` he 's a little out there , '' lawyer says of shirvell .  shirvell accused armstrong of promoting a `` radical agenda .
 president of guinea-bissau assassinated <sec> new : u.n. appeals for calm and restraint after assassination of president .  not immediately clear how president joao bernardo vieira died .  death comes day after head of military killed .  west african country in a near-constant state of political upheaval since 197 .
 dennis rodman arrives in pyongyang for 2nd north korea trip in a year <sec> new : former basketball star dennis rodman arrives pyongyang , capital of north korea .  the trip is the second by the celebrity-turned-envoy this year to visit kim jong un .  he denies he will seek the release of u.s. captive bae , but has previously said he will broach the issue .  bae was sentenced to 15 years hard labor in february over unspecified `` hostile acts '' against north kore .
 mugabe meets eu officials , says meeting 'quite friendly ' <sec> of eu meeting , mugabe said `` there was no animosity , it was quite friendly '' .  eu officials in zimbabwe to ease relations , push progress on political reforms .  european union imposed travel bans on mugabe , his representatives in 2002 .  president robert mugabe says west tries to impose its rules on zimbabw .
 libraries are dying ? think again <sec> national library week is observed from april 13 through 19 .  despite the rise of the internet , libraries continue to be popular public spaces .  ireporters from across the world share photos of their favorite libraries to visi .
 afghan president 's office asks what u.s. ambassador said <sec> state department says what ambassador tells president is confidential .  hamid karzai aides question u.s. ambassador 's advice to obama .  ambassador reportedly warns obama against sending more troops to afghanistan .  ambassador has expressed concerns about karzai government in pas .
 strong winds whip up wildfires in central texas <sec> parts of texas state highways 71 and 21 are closed .  about 190 homes are evacuated in travis county , texas .  the largest fire has scorched some 14,000 acres .  texas is battling its worst fire season in state histor .
 opinion : why holder remark made white people mad <sec> attorney general eric holder said `` racial animus '' in part drives opposition to obama .  dorothy brown : for saying what a black man is thinking about race , holder 's now being vilified .  brown : his remarks were mild , not shocking ; whites too rarely get perspectives of blacks .  brown : it 's not often that someone with holder 's point of view has national platfor .
 opinion : do n't be fooled by putin 's release of khodorkovsky <sec> vladimir putin pardoned mikhail khodorkovsky ahead of the 2014 olympics .  masha gessen : president is just putting on a friendly face for the west .  she says the message to russians is protest and disobedience will be punished .  gessen : khodorkovsky , pussy riot members are freed , but many innocents still in priso .
 car to blame for massa crash in monaco , say ferrari <sec> broken suspension caused felipe massa to crash in monaco grand prix .  the brazilian crashed twice at the st devote corner during the race weekend .  massa says he has slight neck pain but nothing more serious .  ferrari are focused on consistency at the next grand prix in canad .
 debt weakens premier league elite <sec> refinancing has left manchester united and liverpool short of transfer funds .  an new era of premier league prudence reigns according to finance experts .  real madrid have spent $ 300 million on ronaldo , kaka and benezma .  spanish clubs present serious challenge to english domination in europ .
 michael jackson tributes appear all over u.s . <sec> admirers gather at symbolic locations to salute the late `` king of pop '' .  candles , flowers , posters , balloons surround star on hollywood walk of fame .  fans sing and dance outside detroit house where jackson 5 first recorded .  neighbors remember jackson at childhood home in gary , indian .
 ikea finds horse meat in russian hotdogs <sec> ikea says horse meat has been found in hotdogs produced for sale in russia .  the company says testing has shown the vast majority of its products are not affected .  the horse meat scandal has extended across europe in recent week .
 michigan , feds to share info in meningitis probe <sec> new : michigan , massachusetts investigators will see each other 's info in outbreak probe .  michigan attorney general : state grand jury on `` temporary pause '' but could be called back .  meningitis outbreak killed 22 people in michigan in 2012 .  it claimed 64 lives in 20 state .
 opinion : michael sam smashes status quo <sec> coy wire : in battle for equality in sports , michael sam is a difference-maker .  he says by coming out , the nfl prospect accelerated acceptance of gays in sports .  he was a star player with the fifth-ranked missouri tigers and says his team stood behind him .  wire : the time has come for this ; ignorance can be overcome .
 hundreds in washington decry u.s.-led wars , economic woes <sec> demonstrators in freedom plaza protest against u.s.-led wars .  protesters also blame wall street for economic inequality .  some rally in front of the u.s. chamber of commerce buildin .
 snowboarder shaun white arrested in hotel fracas <sec> new : shaun white fled the hotel after employee accused him of smashing a phone , police say .  police said white pulled a fire alarm at a nashville hotel .  he got into a confrontation with a hotel guest who tried to stop him , police said .  the olympic medalist is free on his own recognizance , a sheriff 's spokeswoman sai .
 alec baldwin apologizes for anti-gay slur <sec> alec baldwin yelled a slur at a photographer .  glaad tweeted about it .  baldwin tweeted that he will `` retire '' the word from his vocabular .
 why sopa still needs work <sec> some websites are blacking out in protest of two controversial copyright bills in congress .  andrew mcdiarmid : stop online piracy act and protect ip act would undermine open internet .  online backlash against the bills are forcing supporters to back down , mcdiarmid says .  mcdiarmid : voting on the legislation should be delayed because it can be improve .
 army 's robert bales gets life , no parole for afghan rampage -- but was it justice ? <sec> `` we did n't get our wish , '' says an afghan whose relatives were killed .  another says america has lost credibility , support in afghanistan .  staff sgt . .  robert baleshot dead 16 afghan civilians before turning himself in .  bales pleaded guilty in june , sparing him the prospect of a death sentenc .
 top takeaways from tuesday 's primaries <sec> close race in mississippi shows tea party is far from dead .  little-known state senator turns ads into win in iowa .  mitt romney has had more success promoting candidates than he did as a candidat .
 tv matchmakers help audiences find love <sec> nielsen media research : `` millionaire matchmaker '' season 3 ratings show up season 2 's .  matchmaker janis spindel 's business up 41 percent since matchmaking shows hit tv .  about half of the 20,000 who applied to be on `` tough love couples '' were younger than 2 .
 chaz bono ready to date for the first time as a single guy <sec> chaz bono is looking to woo the ladies on the dance floor .  bono split with his fiancã©e in december .  bono 's been staying active , maintaining his dwts weight los .
 pakistan 's musharraf to skip court in bhutto case due to threat <sec> musharraf fails to appear in court to face charges in benazir bhutto murder case .  intelligence services warn of threats to the former president 's life , his lawyer says .  the case is adjourned until august 20 .  musharraf is accused of failing to provide adequate security for bhutto in 200 .
 bill proposes isps , wi-fi keep logs for police <sec> politicians are calling for a federal law to save internet users ' records for police use .  law would apply to all internet providers and operators of millions of wi-fi spots .  it would require providers to keep records for two years to aid police investigations .  republican-led bill is certain to draw fire from businesses and privacy advocate .
 obama meets with other world leaders in france <sec> the u.s. president arrives in deauville to participate in g8 talks .  obama discusses economic and security issues with russian president dmitry medvedev .  a day earlier , obama defended u.s. leadership and values in speech to british parliament .  he tells japanese prime minister americans are `` heartbroken '' by tsunam .
 central command general to isis : we can hear you <sec> gen. lloyd austin heads the united states central command .  austin said he has seen evidence the u.s.-led coalition is gaining upper hand against isis .  general wants turkey to grant coalition more access , over-flight right .
 prior quits test date after wife gives birth <sec> england wicketkeeper matt prior returns home early from west indies tour .  prior 's wife emily gave birth to their first child , a baby boy , overnight sunday .  pakistan captain younis khan hits a century in first test against sri lanka .  test umpire steve bucknor will quit match officiating at end of next mont .
 man steals money from girl scout cookie sales in texas <sec> girl scout pursues the man and punches him .  another one holds on to the back bumper to stop the car from driving away .  girl scouts are financially responsible for any cookies they order .  the cash box contained about $ 200 , cnn affiliate say .
 obama to push arab economic development in speech <sec> president to outline u.s. policies in wake of the arab spring movements .  obama will pledge economic development help for egypt and tunisia .  many in the middle east-north africa region are skeptical of what the united states can d .
 bullied chinese boy recovering from assault <sec> 13-year-old victim on alleged assault will likely survive , chinese media reported .  the two workers who pumped compressed air into teen have been arrested .  hospitalized victim has multiple infections and can not spea .
 lara beats lynn in austrian open playoff <sec> jose manuel lara claims the second european tour title of his career .  the spaniard defeats david lynn in a playoff at the end of the austrian open .  lara , 33 , adds the austrian open to his success in the 2007 hong kong open .  european ryder cup star graeme mcdowell finishes in a tie for third positio .
 supreme court dismisses california 's proposition 8 appeal - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the high court opts not to consider the issues of the appeal .  instead , it rules on whether those who brought the suit to the court were entitled to do so .  state officials had refused to defend proposition 8 after a california court suspended it .  justice kennedy , in dissent , says the court 's majority undercut the initiative proces .
 polio has not stopped me , i am determined to stop polio <sec> misbahu lawan didi grew up in kano state and contracted polio at age 3 .  nigeria reported 223 cases of polio last year .  didi writes he founded para-soccer in nigeria and that he always dreamed of playing socce .
 haiti revamps runoff ballot ; controversial candidate replaced <sec> new : the u.s. ambassador calls it a `` good day '' for haiti .  former first lady mirlande manigat will now face musician michel martelly .  originally , manigat was to face government-backed candidate jude celestin .  there was pressure from the united states and oas for the chang .
 ji cheng : first chinese cyclist in tour de france <sec> 26-year-old ji cheng will become the first rider from china to compete in cycling 's most prestigious race .  ji , who is part of the giant-shimano team , has also competed in two of the sport 's other two highest profile races .  international road cycling has n't gained much traction in china , and some bicycles have been replaced by vehicles .  as a growing middle class starts cycling for recreation , some think china could be the next frontier for competitive cyclin .
 fighter jet escorts airliner to uk 's manchester airport <sec> new : police say one man has been arrested on suspicion of making a hoax bomb threat .  passenger films fighter escort through plane window , says armed police responded .  pilot received information that a `` possible suspicious device '' was on board , police say .  an raf jet is deployed to escort the passenger plane into manchester airpor .
 hanna closes in on u.s. as ike becomes major hurricane <sec> new : hanna leaves 137 dead in haiti .  north carolina governor declares state of emergency .  hurricane watch in effect for parts of carolinas ; hanna landfall expected friday .  ike weakens slightly but still an `` extremely dangerous '' category 4 hurrican .
 donated circus tents could shelter haiti 's government <sec> tents previously used by cirque du soleil to be used as government headquarters .  government currently operating in small tents or cramped quarters .  nevada real estate developer tom schrade bought the tents to help in haiti .  schrade said his wife got the idea to donate them while watching coverage of haiti relief effort .
 columbia professors get images of swastikas , noose in mail <sec> three professors , one former one at columbia university receive hate mail this week .  jewish psychologist at teachers college among those receiving swastika .  in 2007 , same psychologist 's office door was spray-painted with a swastika .  nypd hate crimes unit is leading investigation ; no arrests mad .
 dubai boosts mega airport project with $ 32 billion <sec> al maktoum international airport set for $ 32 billion expansion .  enlarged airport in dubai will be able to host 100 airbus a380s at any one time .  when complete the airport could accommodate over 200 million passengers each year .  visitors to dubai 's current main airport have grown on average by 15 % annuall .
 official kidnapped in pakistan , despite swat valley cease-fire <sec> provincial govt . .  struck permanent cease-fire with taliban in swat valley saturday .  establishment of strict islamic law in the region is key to the agreement .  swat valley was once one of pakistan 's biggest tourist destinations .  central govt . .  launched an intense military offensive against militants in late jul .
 justices debate what damages are due for privacy violation <sec> the court tries to figure out what congress intended by the words `` actual damages '' .  stanmore cooper says the words cover mental and emotional distress .  the government argues they are aimed at monetary damages .  cooper says the public disclosure of his hiv status caused him har .
 democrats who run from obama take a risk ( opinion ) <sec> democratic candidate for u.s. senate from kentucky refused to say if she voted for obama .  donna brazile : democrats who run from obama may be taking a big risk .  she says the democratic base voters are n't going to look kindly on abandoning obama .  brazile : voters in southern states will support candidates with progressive view .
 man charged in orange county 's deadliest mass shooting pleads not guilty <sec> scott evans dekraai , 41 , is charged with killing his ex-wife and 7 others .  he pleads not guilty to 8 counts of first-degree murder .  he also pleads not guilty to a felony count of attempted murder of a 9th victim .  prosecutors say they will seek the death penalt .
 biography : gerhard knies <sec> gerhard knies is the co-founder and coordinator of trec .  trec promotes renewable energy in europe , the middle east and north africa .  knies sees solar power as a source of income for poorer countrie .
 u.n. : climate deal could change history <sec> u.n. chief ban ki-moon : `` we have a chance , a real chance , here and now '' .  clinton urges poor nations to help as copenhagen climate summit heads into home stretch .  world leaders begin arriving for `` high-level '' negotiations in final days of summi .
 aurora shooting like reliving the virginia tech ordeal <sec> russell jones : hearing about the aurora shooting was like reliving the virginia tech shooting .  jones : virginia tech community responded quickly , with support for the victims ' families .  he says families of the deceased , the injured and others should not be afraid to seek help .  jones : aurora community , the entire nation is standing behind you in this time of traged .
 radical pakistan cleric backs bloodshed <sec> cleric maulana abdul aziz was freed from house arrest on thursday .  aziz was held for his role in 2007 mosque siege .  cleric 's spokesman says he supports the taliba .
 u.s. rejects call to stop force-feedings at guantanamo for ramadan <sec> the military says prisoners will be force-fed in the early morning and late evening .  the u.s. says the feedings provide essential nutrition and medical care .  four prisoners say the feedings violate the ramadan fast .  the u.s. also denies giving detainees regla .
 justice department : walgreens settles amid probe into illegal prescription deals <sec> walgreens settles with authorities probing claims raised by whistle-blowers .  the government says the drugstore chain gave illegal kickbacks to switch pharmacies .  it is illegal to give deals , like gift cards , for such switches to those on medicare and medicaid .  walgreens bills itself as the nation 's largest drugstore chain with 7,847 store .
 catholic hospital says it was 'morally wrong ' to argue fetus is not a person <sec> catholic hospital reverses stance in case of lori stodghill , who died there .  her husband sued the hospital on behalf of his wife and their unborn twins .  attorneys for the hospital argued in court that a fetus is not a perso .
 cops in the sky watch for speeders <sec> a few states in the u.s. use aircraft to monitor speeders , reckless drivers .  aviation enforcement does n't use radar ; it 's a stopwatch time over distance equation .  pilots radio the speeding car 's information to a waiting state trooper on the groun .
 new u.s. stealth bomber shrouded in mystery - cnnpolitics.com <sec> pentagon to upgrade its stealth aircraft for first time since 1970s , developing a classified , next-generation bomber .  air force plans to award contract to build long range strike bomber later this year .  air force suggested it will offer a `` cost-plus '' contract , meaning government takes on risk of any cost overrun .  indications are that new bomber will carry conventional and nuclear weapons and could possibly operate with or without a pilo .
 new hampshire senate race in dead heat <sec> sen. jeanne shaheen and gop 's scott brown are tied among likely voters , poll says .  close race for new hampshire senate seat could be bad news for democrat .
 thai prime minister denies corruption allegations over rice program <sec> new : rice farmers call off a planned protest at bangkok 's main airport .  `` i have done nothing wrong , '' yingluck shinawatra says in a statement .  thailand 's anti-corruption commission has called her to hear charges next week .  it says she ignored warnings of possible corruption in a rice subsidy progra .
 these photos put you face-to-face with sharks <sec> cage-free shark photographer michael muller takes close up images of great whites .  muller is known for using studio techniques to shoot in the wild .  he hopes his images will raise awareness about dwindling shark population .
 hawaii storms : iselle nears big island ; julio on deck <sec> one gust from hurricane iselle was measured at 65 mph on the big island .  hurricanes and other tropical cyclones rarely make landfall in hawaii .  julio is tracking north and may just brush the hawaiian islands .  schools in hawaii and maui counties were closed thursda .
 hiv may be 'functionally cured ' in some people <sec> 14 patients treated early do n't need hiv therapy anymore .  it 's possible the disease will return , but chances are low .  the study shows the importance of early screening and treatment .  the results give researchers more hope that a vaccine is possibl .
 manchester clubs sink london rivals to move clear at summit <sec> mario balotelli 's late penalty hands manchester city a 3-2 victory over tottenham hotspur .  italian appeared to aim a stamp at opponent 's head before he scored the winning goal .  manchester united beat arsenal 2-1 at the emirates to keep pace with title rivals .  city remain three points ahead of united as both manchester clubs move clear of thir .
 gareth bale brilliance settles copa del rey final <sec> real madrid win the copa del rey after beating barcelona 2-1 .  gareth bale scores a stunning winning goal in the 85th minute .  angel di maria put real ahead in the first half before marc bartra equalized .  barca lose three games in a row for the first time since january 200 .
 gingrich : beyond symbols , a serious strategy for dealing with russia <sec> gingrich : crimea action reminds u.s. that russia has different values , goals , ambitions .  he says much of the action taken by the u.s. so far has involved symbolism , meetings .  more effective strategy would involve vastly increasing energy production , he says .  gingrich : putin 's logic could threaten the independence of the baltic state .
