 earthquake hits mexico city <sec> u.s. geological survey measures quake at magnitude 5.7 .  thousands of panicked people stream into the streets .  no immediate reports of injuries or damage .  1985 earthquake killed thousands in mexico cit .
 anc ending lawsuit over portrait showing s. african leader with genitals exposed <sec> brett murray 's painting , called `` the spear , '' was displayed at a johannesburg gallery .  portrait of president jacob zuma was removed from public show after protesters defaced it .  south africa 's ruling anc says the artwork offends the president 's dignity .  the controversy over the portrait has raised questions about freedom of speec .
 'larger than life ' civil rights icon honored with statue in capitol <sec> rosa parks is first african-american woman to be honored with a statue in statuary hall .  president obama praised parks ' lasting effects on the lives of all americans .  her refusal to give her seat up acted as a catalyst of the montgomery bus boycot .
 are we sure our drugs are safe ? <sec> john dingell : 40 % of drugs , 80 % of ingredients are from overseas , mainly china , india .  we have no monitoring system to prevent counterfeit or contaminated drugs , he writes .  dingell : the fda lacks the authorization to ensure these drugs meet u.s. standards .  we need to pass legislation that gives fda proper funding and authority , he say .
 this week on marketplace middle east <sec> libya 's stock market is now back in business and the central bank is facing multiple challenges .  mme met with the governor of the libyan central bank and asked him his plans to restore economic stability .  plus , investigations in egypt to secure historical artifacts lost during the revolutio .
 van persie hat-trick sinks brave saints after embarrassing penalty miss <sec> manchester united win 3-2 at promoted southampton in epl .  robin van persie grabs hat-trick but misses second half penalty .  arsenal score first goals of season in 2-0 win at liverpool .  newcastle held 1-1 at home by aston vill .
 excerpt : how i became larry king <sec> larry zeiger moved from brooklyn to miami in 1957 in pursuit of a radio hosting gig .  zeiger became larry king when his first boss called his name `` too ethnic '' .  larry recalls being unable to speak his first time on-air .  he quickly overcame his first-day jitters and has felt at home on the air ever sinc .
 south korea 's ruling party holds on to parliament <sec> results expected to boost park 's chances in december presidential election .  she as well as her rival , the dup 's moon jae-in , win seats in the assembly . .  voter turnout this year was 54.3 percent , up 8.2 percent from four years ago . .  opposition dup was expected to win landslide victor .
 transasia pilots grounded after failing flight test <sec> 10 transasia pilots grounded after failing flight test .  search continues for final victim yet to be found after crash .  15 people survived when plane 's wing clipped bridge and crashed into rive .
 report : 4 dead after car bomb in hezbollah neighborhood in beirut <sec> new : at least four people are killed and 77 injured in a large blast in beirut , state media say .  u.n. representative in lebanon condemns `` yet another appalling act of terrorism '' .  the neighborhood hit by the car bomb is known as a hezbollah stronghold .  tensions are rising in lebanon ; many are angered by hezbollah 's role in syria 's conflic .
 cat cafe unites friends of felines in new york <sec> the cat cafe in manhattan is a pop-up shop that 's a first in north america .  feline lovers gathered to talk cat health over coffee , play with cats up for adoption .  cat cafes started in asia and are spreading to europ .
 penn state review recasts story of football hero paterno <sec> freeh review finds joe paterno and others showed `` shocking disregard '' for victims .  some students say the legendary head football coach has been scapegoated .  paterno 's family says he must not have understood what sandusky was doing .  this is not `` joe paterno university , '' a new graduate and avid football fan say .
 police arrest michael brown protesters near interstate <sec> new : police arrest 35 people protesting near interstate 70 .  new : bricks , stones , rocks and bottles are thrown , police say .  new : protesters moved to downtown ferguson .  protest comes after contentious city council meeting , ferguson 's first since shootin .
 a & e ; : 'duck dynasty ' resuming 'with the entire robertson family ' <sec> `` ole phil may be a little crude but his heart is good , '' willie robertson says on twitter .  `` duck dynasty '' star phil robertson was suspended by a & e .  the suspension followed robertson 's remarks about homosexuality and race .  a & e now says the show will resume `` with the entire robertson family .
 pkk 's decades of violent struggle <sec> pkk militants engaged in violent struggle against turkish state since 1980s .  group calls for establishment of an autonomous kurdish homeland .  estimated to have killed more than 30,000 in attacks on turkish forces , civilians .  turkey accuses pkk of attacking turkish targets from bases in northern ira .
 police try to reunite baseball cards with their owner <sec> large collection of baseball cards found at park .  police in washington are hoping the rightful owner comes forward .  most appear to be from the 1980s and 1990 .
 madoff investor who drowned in swimming pool had a heart attack <sec> jeffry picower , 67 , found unconscious in his pool in his palm beach , florida .  picower drowned after having a heart attack , his attorney and medical examiner say .  picower had invested with bernie madoff , who was convicted in ponzi scheme .  forbes magazine ranked picower no . .  371 among the 400 richest american .
 console families of military suicides , lawmakers urge obama <sec> forty-six members of congress ask president obama to revise policy .  white house does not send condolence letters to families of suicide victims .  obama asked for review of policy , spokesman says .  policy stigmatizes mental illness , lawmakers sa .
 prison time could add up for convicted leaker bradley manning <sec> 900 afghans identified in manning leaks ; unclear if any harmed , ex-general says .  he escaped a life sentence without parole when he was acquitted of aiding the enemy .  manning was found guilty on 20 counts that include violations of the espionage act .  civil rights organizations have come out in support of mannin .
 kansan claims $ 218.6 million share of mega millions jackpot <sec> new : the kansas winner chooses to remain anonymous .  three winning tickets were purchased , in kansas , maryland and illinois .  a maryland woman claims to be a winner , but ca n't produce a ticke .
 opinion : our spending addiction is out of control <sec> tom coburn : we need a long-term deal , not short-term extensions in shutdown crisis .  coburn : the real danger is not solving the problem of our spending addiction .  he says for example , the social security disability trust fund will be bankrupt by 2016 .  coburn : the president and congress must show real leadership and compromis .
 obama steps up call for health care reform <sec> new : republicans say obama missed opportunity to build consensus .  `` the time for talk is winding down , '' president says near white house .  he follows up address to congress with call for legislation this year .  new data show increase in number of americans without insuranc .
 drone ranger : unmanned plane to spy on rhino poachers <sec> ol pejeta conservancy plans to use a drone to monitor its wildlife and fend off poachers .  the kenyan reserve hopes to conduct its first flight in about a month .  it is home to four of the last world 's last remaining seven northern white rhinos .  rhino poaching rates are soaring , fueled by a belief their horns have medicinal valu .
 myanmar 's new vice president 'disappoints ' reformers <sec> myanmar military nominates former general myint swe as vice president .  nomination has disappointed observers hoping for someone more open to reform .  myint is considered fiercely loyal to the military , a prodigy of former dictator than shwe .  president thein sein has introduced a number of democratic reforms since taking powe .
 opinion : we 're leaving afghan allies behind to die <sec> matt zeller 's afghan translator saved his life by killing two taliban fighters .  writers : taliban put translator on top of its kill list : took five years to get him and family to u.s . .  u.s. has visa program to get interpreters to america , but visas running out .  they say u.s. is abandoning allies to death as we retreat : we need to expand visa progra .
 is sochi ready for the winter olympics ? <sec> new : among the terror concerns is explosives in toothpaste tubes on planes .  preparations in the winter olympics host city are up against the wire .  complaints about accommodations , water are getting media attention .  one bright spot is the weather ; officials say snowfall has been ampl .
 britain 's royal mail adds routes to catch up on weather backlog <sec> royal mail adds nearly 14,000 extra rounds for postal deliveries .  its director says the uk is experiencing the worst december weather in 30 years .  royal mail is trying to catch up on the delivery backlo .
 tunnel links continents , uncovers ancient history <sec> a 1.4 km long subway tunnel is being constructed under istanbul 's bosphorus strait .  operation uncovered the lost 4th century ad byzantine port of theodosius .  thirty-four 1000-year-old ships have been excavated as well as remains of the port .  discovery has delayed tunnel project by at least four years costing millions of dollar .
 study : news outlets drive twitter trends <sec> major news organizations are frequently cited on twitter during major events , a report says .  trending topics are n't determined by how many followers a user has .  the report finds that social media is not a replacement for reporting new .
 al-sadr demands full u.s. withdrawal from iraq <sec> about 131,000 american troops remain in the country .  muqtada al-sadr : withdrawal should include all the occupation forces .  al-sadr commands the loyalty of the mehdi army , an independent militia .  u.s. must now seek iraqi permission to launch operations in the citie .
 mtv emas : what you missed <sec> the 2014 mtv emas were held sunday .  nicki minaj hosted , and also debuted a new song .  ariana grande , ed sheeran and charli xcx were among the performers .  ozzy osbourne was given the global icon awar .
 naacp passes resolution blasting tea party 'racism ' <sec> naacp passes resolution blasting tea party for `` continued tolerance for bigotry '' .  tea party activists denounce the action as unfounded and unfair .  sarah palin calls the charge a `` regressive and diversionary tactic '' .  naacp leader cites slurs directed at lawmakers during the health care vot .
 australia , a us ally , to share intelligence with iran <sec> australian foreign minister says deal is to focus on tracking citizens who join isis .  but one lawmaker describes it as `` dancing with the devil .
 canada 's former spy master slams canadians in 'secret ' cable <sec> jim judd : canadians have an `` alice in wonderland ' world view .  judges tied the canadian intelligence service in knots , he says .  canada 's foreign affairs minister calls the document leak `` deplorable .
 police call for end of volunteer searches for missing michigan boys <sec> police are asking that volunteer searches stop friday .  john skelton is fighting extradition from ohio .  chief says he refuses to believe the 3 boys are dea .
 3 men sentenced to prison in bolshoi ballet acid attack case <sec> new : dancer pavel dmitrichenko is given a six-year prison term for masterminding the attack .  accomplice yuri zarutsky and driver andrei lipatov are also convicted .  the acid attack almost blinded the bolshoi ballet 's artistic director , sergei filin .  the case has exposed rivalries and tensions at the world-renowned ballet compan .
 report : u.s. intelligence community inefficient , unmanageable <sec> new : acting national intelligence director insists there has been major reform .  u.s. intelligence community is so big its effectiveness ca n't be measured , newspaper reports .  more than 800,000 people have top-secret clearance .  america 's intelligence community lacks thorough oversigh .
 iraqi forces , peshmerga claim gains against isis <sec> official : peshmerga clear booby traps from once isis-occupied iraqi town .  pm says iraqi security forces have retaken jurf al-sakhar , south of baghdad .  u.s. military says it has carried out 22 airstrikes in iraq since friday .  kurdish fighters hold the syrian town of kobani against isis , await peshmerg .
 could bradley manning become 'chelsea ' in civilian prison ? <sec> convicted intel leaker bradley manning has said he is female .  the army has refused to provide hormone therapy for gender reassignment .  his attorney has suggested he may attempt to move to civilian prison .  it 's not certain he would have a better shot at a sex change ther .
 a winter weekend at deep creek lake <sec> for snow in the south , head to western maryland 's deep creek lake .  average snowfall is 120 inches , more than denver or fairbanks .  the only siberian husky dogsledding south of the mason-dixon line is available her .
 alleged victim says he screamed in vain for help during sandusky incident <sec> another accuser testifies ; the trial recesses until monday .  photos of some of the accusers are found at sandusky 's home , an agent testifies .  another accuser says jerry sandusky touched him inappropriately .  an accuser says he ca n't remember part of a shower with sandusk .
 colombia , venezuela trade barbs at oas meeting <sec> colombia provided what it calls evidence of rebels in venezuela .  the colombian ambassador said venezuela has not acted on intelligence it has received .  venezuela rejected that the photos proved anything .  tensions between the two countries go back year .
 murder trial jurors can be overwhelmed , traumatized <sec> some jurors report symptoms reminiscent of ptsd , such as flashbacks , intrusive thoughts .  in the casey anthony trial , the jury was sequestered .  jurors should take care of themselves and seek counseling after the trial if neede .
 can dramatic cup success revive liverpool 's fortunes ? <sec> kenny dalglish says liverpool 's league cup win can be a springboard for more trophies .  liverpool beat second division cardiff city on penalties in sunday 's wembley final .  the dramatic win clinched liverpool 's first trophy since the 2006 fa cup .  it is the first success for the club 's american owners , who took over in october 201 .
 opinion : capturing 'public enemy no . 1 ' <sec> u.s. , mexican authorities captured kingpin of sinaloa drug cartel .  `` el chapo '' was an innovator in the drug trade , reaped enormous rewards , author says .  carl meacham : as important as arrest was , it should not be seen as fatal to drug cartel .  drug trafficking and resulting violence will continue , he say .
 texas filibuster on abortion bill rivets online <sec> a filibuster of a texas abortion bill was trending worldwide on twitter .  democratic senator wendy davis stood and spoke for 10 hours against the bill .  more than 180,00 people tuned into a live stream of the proceedings on youtub .
 report : u.s. terror 'watch list ' may be getting too long <sec> government report : three quarters of a million names on `` watch list '' .  multiple names or aliases add to list 's complexity , gao report says .  aclu urged congress to tighten its oversight of the name compiling proces .
 oral roberts ' son arrested on suspicion of dui <sec> richard roberts was pulled over early tuesday , authorities say .  arrest report : he was allegedly traveling 93 mph in a 65-mph zone .  a breath test showed roberts ' blood alcohol level at .11 % , the report say .
 gloria estefan on playing santana 's mom in 'glee ' finale <sec> gloria estefan is finally making her first appearance in the `` glee '' season finale .  she will plays santana 's mother maribel lopez .  `` she 's supportive of her daughter , '' estefan told e .
 snow tears through roof of schalke 's stadium after heavy snowfall <sec> heavy snow causes part of the roof at schalke 's veltins arena to collapse .  a yearly biathlon , the world team challenge , scheduled for this week has been cancelled .  schalke 's next home game with hamburg on january 15 not thought to be in dange .
 tears flow with mud , water after papal events moved in brazil <sec> rain , mud deluge brazilian suburb of guaratiba .  officials move events related to papal weekend visit .  the change will mean major economic losses in communit .
 plans for birth of catherine 's royal baby revealed <sec> sources : catherine is to give birth in the same hospital wing where her husband was born .  diana had prince william in 1982 in the lindo wing of st. mary 's hospital , paddington .  once the baby is born , the official notice will be displayed at buckingham palace .  prince william and catherine are waiting until the baby is born to learn the sex , royal sources sa .
 prosecutor : kidnapped amish girls were sexually abused <sec> a district attorney says the girls were sexually abused by their captors .  the kidnapping and sexual abuse are suspected to have been premeditated .  a man and his girlfriend are charged in the kidnapping .  the girls were apparently abducted near their farm in upstate new yor .
 legal immigrants : what about us ? <sec> some legal immigrants feel they 're being overlooked in the immigration debate .  juan de la torre came to the u.s. legally and has been waiting 18 years for green card .  `` i 'm ... happy they 're helping the people here illegally , but what are they doing for us ? '' .  he asks .  president obama addressed both legal and illegal immigration in his speech this week .
 ebola-infected americans to be evacuated <sec> the patient will be cared for in an area isolated from other patients , officials say .  one of the two infected americans will be taken to hospital in atlanta , officials say .  medical charter flight leaves georgia to evacuate infected americans , source says .  two american charity workers are described in stable , but grave conditio .
 yemen : 12 killed , 14 soldiers captured in clashes with militants <sec> ministry official : clashes happened in four places in southern province of dhaleh .  ministry says 14 soldiers captured .  resident : bullets entered my home .  numerous clashes have followed military 's shelling of funeral tent in januar .
 russia 's bolshoi ballet director may lose sight after acid attack <sec> sergei filin was attacked as he approached his home in moscow on thursday night .  the unidentified assailant threw concentrated acid in his face , causing severe burns .  filin had suffered intimidation , including threatening phone calls , state media sa .
 modern milestone : 'gangnam ' hits 2 billion <sec> the korean pop tune is first to reach two billion page views .  gangnam style was first uploaded in july 2012 .  artist psy tweets that the achievement was `` very honorable .
 anger , suspicion over chinese activist 's 'suicide ' <sec> friends of chinese activist li wangyang slam suggestions he committed suicide .  li was found hanged in his hospital room in shaoyang despite being under surveillance .  family members are calling for an official investigation into his death .  li spent more than 20 years in jail after the tiananmen square crackdow .
 panetta optimistic about afghanistan <sec> new : defense secretary leon panetta meeting with officials in afghanistan .  panetta also will pass along holiday wishes to the troops .  turkey is a key ally in mideast , panetta says .  libya represents what the arab spring is all about , he say .
 checkpoint-friendly computer bags set for debut <sec> checkpoint-friendly computer bags will be eligible for tsa screening saturday .  travelers must use bags with a designated laptop-only section .  there must be no metal snaps , zippers or buckles obstructing the vie .
 military bans disks , threatens courts-martial to stop new leaks <sec> u.s. military is telling its troops to stop using cds , dvds , thumb drives .  defense department making moves to prevent disclosures of secret info .  one military source who works on these networks says it will make the job harde .
 sara gilbert , linda perry baby on the way <sec> sara gilbert is expecting her first child with wife linda perry .  `` the talk '' co-host has two children from a prior relationship .  gilbert announced the news on `` the talk '' on tuesda .
 apple launches iphone trade-in program <sec> iphone users now can trade in old models at apple stores for credit on a new phone .  the company 's reuse and recycling program offers online credit for phones , ipads and computers .  apple is widely expected to unveil two new iphones september 1 .
