 weightlifting body changes dress code , benefits muslim woman <sec> kulsoom abdullah wants to keep her body covered during official competitions .  the international weightlifting federation modifies its rules .  rules now specify outfits can be full-body , tight-fitted unitar .
 kate dicamillo wins newbery medal , `` locomotive '' wins caldecott <sec> the american library association announced awards for young people 's literature .  kate dicamillo won the newbery medal for `` flora & ulysses : the illuminated adventures '' .  the caldecott medal went to `` locomotive , '' written and illustrated by brian floc .
 capture solar power with your curtains <sec> solar-harvesting curtains could convert sunlight into power source for homes .  rechargeable batteries slot into hem , power downloaded to larger battery .  cheap to produce but not as efficient as traditional hard solar panels .  `` soft house '' curtain concept being expanded into plans for a `` soft city .
 'promposal ' pressure is intense for teens <sec> `` promposals '' are becoming almost as important as prom itself .  sometimes , they work ; other times , they can be awkward .  promposals can create pressure for boys to outdo peers .  sometimes , promposals put invitees on spot to say ye .
 russia flexes military muscle as tensions rise in ukraine 's crimea <sec> `` people have to feel the changes , not to hear about them , '' says an activist .  a u.s. official urges `` outside actors in the region to respect ukraine 's sovereignty '' .  nominees for a new unity government are announced in independence square .  scuffles break out outside crimean parliament between pro- and anti-russian protester .
 australian man gored in 2nd day of spain 's running of the bulls <sec> the australian man is gored in the bullring at the end of the course .  at least three other runners are injured friday .  hundreds of thousands expected at nonstop festival in pamplon .
 tree dedicated to beatle is laid low by beetles <sec> a tree dedicated to the memory of beatle george harrison stood for more than a decade .  the japanese black pine tree was in griffith park in los angeles .  the tree had to be cut down because of an infestation of bark beetles .  a city councilman vows that , beetles notwithstanding , another tree will stand for a beatle soo .
 ebola q and a : what you need to know <sec> two nurses who treated thomas eric duncan are in isolation .  a nursing assistant in spain has been declared free of the virus .  health officials have cleared some of duncan 's contact .
 thousands join pakistan anti-government march <sec> supporters of ex-cricketer imran khan and cleric tahir ul qadr join march to capital .  organizers expect thousands to join as they near islamabad .  the march has been peaceful so far , with thousands of police deployed along the route .  the political instability comes as pakistan fights a bloody insurgenc .
 hofstra marks student 's death with graduation moment of silence <sec> students wear white ribbons at hofstra 's graduation .  student andrea rebello was killed by police gunfire , police say .  new york home invasion suspect killed in shootout was dalton smith , 30 .  he was on parole for first-degree robbery , nassau county police sa .
 'massacre ' feared brewing in syrian city <sec> the syrian national council warns a government operation appears imminent in homs .  at least 46 people died in syria on friday , 17 of them in homs , activists say .  the council says the regime is working to stoke sectarian strife .  the united states and britain express concern about hom .
 van gaal appointed new bayern munich coach <sec> bayern munich appoint louis van gaal as their new coach on a two-year deal .  the dutchman will take control on july 1 in succession to jurgen klinsmann .  van gaal has led az alkmaar to dutch eredivisie championship this seaso .
 venezuela captures alleged guerrilla who carried guitar alongside gun <sec> colombia 's president says guillermo enrique torres was captured tuesday .  authorities call him an ideological leader of the farc , noting his songs promoting the group .  the u.s. state department had offered a $ 2.5 million reward for help capturing torres .  the arrest comes amid improving relations between venezuela and colombi .
 purported isis post threatens japanese , jordan captives <sec> images appears to show hostage kenji goto holding a photo of captive jordanian .  voice , purportedly goto 's , says he , jordanian pilot will die in 24 hours if swap is n't made .  video repeats demand isis apparently made saturday : jordan must release prisone .
 suspected serial killer leads police to bodies , wo n't be charged <sec> habitual felon likely to avoid charges in presumed murders of four people .  scott kimball 's plea deal includes revealing location of bodies , sources say .  authorities say all four people were last seen with kimbal .
 the world 's best-paid sports teams <sec> barcelona is best-paid sports team , with players earning average of $ 8.6 million a year .  european football clubs dominate the list , taking seven of top 10 spots .  raises questions over the effectiveness of uefa 's financial fair play regulations .  nba is is still best-paid league in the world with average annual salaries of $ 4.29 millio .
 egyptian president steps down amidst groundbreaking digital revolution <sec> egyptian president hosni mubarak has stepped down .  images of the turmoil spread around the world via flickr and youtube .  news was shared with the rest of the world using vpn , proxy sites and third party app .
 hagel announces mandatory ebola quarantine <sec> defense secretary chuck hagel announced a new quarantine policy for troops returning from africa .  the policy runs counter to what president obama has pushed for civilian aid worker .
 opinion : can obama avoid mission creep in iraq ? <sec> president obama plans to send 300 military advisers to iraq to stabilize conflict .  julian zelizer : history shows us that mission creep is difficult to avoid .  he says many operations - in korea , vietnam , somalia - start small but end big .  zelizer : obama could find himself forced to send more troops than he expecte .
 feds charge 20 with luring illegal immigrants to work in ny-area strip clubs <sec> the women are from russia and eastern european countries .  prosecutor : defendants wanted the women to be `` their personal profit centers '' .  charges include extortion and visa and marriage fraud .  federal agents confiscated files at several clubs in pre-dawn raid .
 mourinho : chelsea wrong to sack me <sec> inter milan boss jose mourinho insists he should not have been sacked by chelsea in 2007 .  mourinho faces former club in second leg of champions league last-16 tie .  he departed london club after falling out with billionaire owner roman abramovich .  inter take a 2-1 lead into tuesday night 's match after winning the home leg in ital .
 activists use web to fight back in anti-corruption battle <sec> african activists are increasingly turning to technology to fight endemic corruption .  websites allow victims of graft to share their bribe stories online and track incidents of corruption .  they contain detailed information about the amount of money paid and the location of the brib .
 no-fly list a kafkaesque web ( opinion ) <sec> writers : two men find themselves on u.s. no-fly list for no apparent reason .  writers say government rejected men 's challenge of status but gave option to spy on others .  government says it will reform process , but authors say it must also address abuse of list .  no-fly list a powerful security tool , and officials must be accountable for its use , they sa .
 clinton : politics should n't play role in pakistan tragedy <sec> barack obama adviser seems to link vote on iraq war , benazir bhutto 's death .  adviser david axelrod later backs down from comments on hillary clinton .  obama says axelrod `` in no way '' suggested clinton was somehow to blame .  clinton responds : politics should not play a role in pakistan traged .
 north korea 's kim jong un praises country 's new smartphone <sec> north korea has begun producing its own smartphones .  pictures emerge after leader kim jong un inspects factory .  the phones feature a touch screen and a `` high pixel '' camera . .  commentator questions north korea 's ability to produce such technolog .
 u.s. , europe call for syrian leader al-assad to step down <sec> president obama says bashar al-assad is standing in the way of syria 's future .  u.s. authorities impose new economic sanctions against syria .  the u.n. security council is set to hold consultations on the situation .  the new moves are coordinated with european , turkish and arab allie .
 how celebs hijacked the pop-up restaurant <sec> celebrity chefs like noma 's rene redzepi and heston blumenthal are cashing in on the pop-up restaurant trend .  pop-up restaurants started as illegal , privately owned eateries that sprang up after the cuban revolution .  pop-up pioneer kerstin rodgers thinks posh dining clubs and celebrity chefs are the antithesis of the pop-up movement .  new type of dinner club uses pop-up restaurants to test out cutting-edge food concept .
 serena williams sets up u.s. open final rematch with victoria azarenka <sec> serena williams reaches seventh u.s. open final , beating fifth seed li na .  american will play world no . .  2 victoria azarenka in sunday 's final .  azarenka defeats 83rd-ranked flavia pennetta in opening semifinal .  she lost to williams in last year 's title match at flushing meadow .
 help from above : satellite signals can confirm a plane 's identity <sec> london-based satellite communications company inmarsat talks to cnn .  official says signals from aircraft to inmarsat satellites always include an id code .  it is `` virtually impossible '' to change an aircraft 's identifying code , official says .  this could explain why malaysia is sure plane continued flying long after radar contact was los .
 freighter crew safe after riding out hurricane ike <sec> new : tugboat reaches stranded freighter .  ship 's crew of 22 endures night without power in gulf of mexico .  coast guard , air force had to abandon rescue because of poor conditions .  authorities onshore find it too dangerous to respond to calls for hel .
 fraser-pryce remains fastest woman in the world <sec> shelly-ann fraser-pryce wins women 's 100m at world championships .  diminutive jamaican runs fastest time of the season .  build up to event dominated by positive doping tests .  christine ohuruogu dips for 400m gol .
 cnn.com 'godfather ' dies at 63 after battle with cancer <sec> former cnn executive who greenlighted funding for cnn.com has died .  jon petrovich was 63 ; he had battled cancer and diabetes .  he pushed colleagues to try new things and was respected among rank-and-file .  `` he was a builder , an innovator and a journalist .
 michael jackson 's mom to seek control of estate <sec> katherine jackson looking for some control of her son 's estate . .  lawyers ' petition accuses executors of keeping katherine jackson `` in the dark '' .  jackson wants executors to answer questions about business arrangement .
 lee harvey oswald 's original coffin up for auction <sec> auction house is selling items connected to kennedy assassin .  oswald was exhumed in 1981 , and he was reburied in another coffin .  the original wooden coffin is being auctioned .  also for sale : easter card signed by him , leather from limousin .
 teen restrictions fail to curb fatal crashes <sec> rate of fatal accidents involving 16-year-old drivers was 26 % lower in states with restrictions .  strong graduated driver licensing ( gdl ) programs associated with a 12 % increase in fatal crash rate .  gdl programs are now in place in one form or another in all 50 state .
 nigerian villagers fight off attacks by boko haram <sec> parents and students work to identify girls in video .  residents of three villages fought off attacks by boko haram .  they claim to have killed more than 200 attackers .  the nigerian military has been accused of not doing enoug .
 love letters reveal tyrants ' hearts bleed , too <sec> stalin to his wife : `` i miss you . .  ... .  i 'm as lonely as a horned owl '' .  mussolini to his beloved : `` will you say , once again , that you alone love me ? '' .  hitler was less flowery about eva braun , called her `` calm , intelligent .
 justice department report blasts puerto rico police <sec> new : aclu says report confirms level of violence and corruption among police .  new : puerto rican governor says he is already making changes .  the justice department says civil rights are being violated by police in puerto rico .  the police force uses excessive force and unlawful searches , the report say .
 grammys 2015 : the awards you did n't see <sec> grammy winners include joan rivers , weird al yankovic , `` happy '' .  most grammys awarded before sho .
 many american families running on financial fumes <sec> poverty levels are the highest since 1993 , according to the u.s. census bureau .  at least one of every five american children is considered poor .  many families face tough decisions every day on bills and basic necessities .  cnn hero sal dimiceli has helped the working poor for decades in wisconsi .
 wenger 's arsenal : a club in crisis ? <sec> arsenal chairman recovering in hospital after suffering a heart attack on friday .  club crashed to defeat on saturday , increasing pressure on manager arsene wenger .  frenchman criticized by fans and a former player after poor results this season .  ex-arsenal star emmanuel eboue says the club 's board has `` abused the fans .
 trapped baggage handler narrowly escapes becoming passenger <sec> us airways worker is trapped in plane 's cargo hold in washington .  he is discovered and freed before plane takes off .  republic airlines flight 3336 not delayed by inciden .
 pope benedict speaks of church 's stormy waters in final papal audience <sec> benedict xvi says there were `` times when the lord seemed to sleep '' in past 8 years .  benedict : the roman catholic church has been through stormy waters , but god wo n't let it sink '' .  i really felt all the support and all the love , the prayers , '' says a priest in the crowd .  he is to leave office at 8 p.m. thursday for a life of seclusion and praye .
 time to regroup on autism <sec> alison singer says link between autism , vaccinations debunked but research progressing .  but , she says , new science is overshadowed as some cling to discredited study .  some parents put kids in danger by still avoiding vaccines , trying dicey `` therapies '' .  singer : new research should move forward with science as a guid .
 new photos of fidel castro appear on cuban media <sec> castro stepped down from power in 2006 .  he led a band of guerrillas who overthrew the island nation 's dictatorship in 195 .
 brazilian footballers protest , could take more action <sec> brazilian footballers cross their arms in games to protest against their confederation .  the players want changes made , including more vacation time and fewer games .  if their demands are n't met , they say `` drastic measures '' could be taken .  the protests are the latest black eye for the country that hosts next year 's world cu .
 ola onabulé : music 's best-kept secret ? <sec> ola onabulé is an acclaimed nigerian singer and songwriter .  he blends afro beats with jazz and soul while his lyrics often tackle tricky issues .  he 's blazed his own trail in a career that has produced seven album .
 namibian women were sterilized without consent , judge rules <sec> the ruling is the first in a series of cases filed against the namibian government .  attorneys allege that public hospitals sterilized at least 18 hiv-positive women .  `` the nurse said to me , 'i think they are going to close you , ' '' one woman says .  authorities deny accusations that sterilizations are a government polic .
 zumba helps woman drop 123 pounds <sec> zumba is a latin-inspired dance fitness class with an intense calorie burn .  ashlee tomsche lost six dress sizes and 10 inches from her waist doing zumba .  tomsche also tracked her calories on a mobile ap .
 superdome ok 'd for 'emergency ' electrical repairs last fall <sec> new : power company concerned about `` reliability '' from its connection point to superdome .  new : independent third party hired to investigate blackout .  board minutes show hundreds of thousands of dollars spent on superdome electrical repairs .  friday meeting could reveal clues to what caused the super bowl blackou .
 senegal drawn against britain in olympic football <sec> senegal will play britain on the opening day of the olympic men 's football tournament .  senegal qualified for the olympics for the first time with a win over oman in a playoff .  gold medal favorites brazil are in group c with egypt , belarus and new zealand .  defending women 's champions united states will play france , colombia and north kore .
 'days of our lives ' actor allegedly sold cocaine from home <sec> dylan michael patton was arrested at his home tuesday .  patton , 20 , played will horton for a year on nbc 's `` days of our lives '' .  patton was nominated for a daytime emmy in 201 .
 'horrible ' : christian churches across egypt stormed , torched <sec> a christian church southwest of cairo is attacked , state news says .  moderate muslims put out fire at one church , halted other attacks , church staff say .  a coptic orthodox church leader says 52 churches have been attacked in 24 hours .  bishop : `` it 's about burning churches to initiate a response that spirals into greater violence .
 iraq crisis : more than 1 million displaced , unhcr says <sec> obama says military solution wo n't work without political change .  u.s. seeking legal protections for 300 advisers .  iraqi forces take back control of country 's largest oil refinery .  conflict in iraq so far this year has displaced more than 1 million people , unhcr say .
 oscars ratings rise , but grammys shined brighter <sec> the oscars delivered 39.3 million viewers , up 4 percent from 2011 .  the program out-delivered three of the past four oscars telecasts .  cbs ' grammys coverage earlier this month pulled a slightly bigger audienc .
 football 's addiction to gambling <sec> in his latest piece , the secret footballer tells cnn about gambling in the epl .  former arsenal captain tony adams has established the sporting chance clinic .  adams struggled with addiction throughout his career and now helps fellow sports stars .  epl players such as dietmar hamann and paul merson have battled gambling addictio .
 tv funny man soupy sales dies at 83 <sec> `` we have lost a comedy american icon , '' says comedian 's friend and manager .  he was known for his long-running children 's show `` lunch with soupy sales '' .  fans of the show anticipated his trademark pie-in-face gag .  sales also seen on `` to tell the truth '' and `` what 's my line ? .
 woman sentenced to death at 16 befriends victim 's grandson <sec> new : cooper `` would take it back in a heartbeat if she could , '' victim 's grandson says .  paula cooper was 16 years old when she was sentenced to death for murder .  she stabbed 78-year-old bible teacher ruth pelke in the stomach and chest 33 times .  victim 's grandson : i realized forgiveness had taken place , and it brought healing to m .
 car bombings pummel baghdad and other areas of iraq ; 43 dead <sec> new : 20 car and roadside bombings reported by interior ministry .  new : most of the casualties occurred in the capital , baghdad , officials say .  monday 's attacks occurred in predominantly shiite areas .  most of the bombings take place in an hour 's tim .
 judge rules in usher 's favor , dismisses ex-wife 's motion <sec> new : judge says babysitting aunt is `` a capable caregiver '' .  new : judge tells usher 's ex-wife that her caregiving standards `` are rather high '' .  new : `` that 's chaos , that is chaos , that 's chaos , '' ex-wife sobs about near drowning .  new : `` i know how to take care of children , '' usher 's aunt tells cour .
 sirhan sirhan , convicted rfk assassin , to face parole board <sec> one of the surviving shooting victims will not oppose parole if the board oks it .  two psychologists ' reports say sirhan poses no threat to society , his attorney says .  sirhan , 66 , serving life sentence for 1968 slaying of robert kenned .
 british wildlife photography awards <sec> british wildlife photography awards showcase nature 's beauty .  a photo of a surfing dolphin picture won overall prize .  photographs are on show in londo .
 columbia professor arrested for incest <sec> police arrest professor accused of sexual relationship with his daughter .  david epstein is charged with one count of incest in the third degree .  he could face four years in prison , if convicte .
 robin williams : his passion for cycling <sec> robin williams was an avid follower of cycling .  actor was a regular on charity cycling rides .  supported lance armstrong on the tour de france .  team sky pays tribute to william .
