 mystery air force space plane to land soon <sec> new : an faa notice says airspace around the base will close part of wednesday .  space plane has been in orbit for more than 22 months .  air force says mission of x-37b is to demonstrate technologies .  speculation abounds about secret weapons , spyin .
 new york city couple accused of possession of explosive material <sec> new : after her arrest , gliedman gives birth to a daughter , a police official says .  morgan gliedman and aaron greene are charged with felony possession of an explosive .  authorities say they found the explosive while serving warrants on gliedman .  a collection of pages labeled `` the terrorist encyclopedia '' also was found , police sa .
 duke students unite after noose found hanging on campus <sec> the noose , made of rope , was discovered on campus about 2 a.m . .  hundreds of people gathered wednesday afternoon to show solidarity against racism .  duke official says to unknown perpetrator : you wanted to create fear but the opposite will happe .
 italian cruise ship thwarts pirate attack <sec> six armed pirates attacked cruise ship melody in a speedboat .  captain of cruise ship ordered security crew to fire back .  cruise ship was on its way back to italy when attack took plac .
 manhattan 's underground park : science fiction or future fact ? <sec> a group of entrepreneurs are proposing an an underground garden for new york .  disused subway terminal could be filled with captured sunlight , allowing for growth of plants .  creators say plans represent opportunity to introduce nature into one of new york 's least green areas .  pipe-dream or genuine innovation ? .  you tell us .
 jerry 'the king ' lawler in stable condition <sec> new : lawler is in stable condition , wwe says .  lawler collapsed during a world wrestling entertainment show in montreal and is hospitalized .  `` this is a real-life situation , '' co-host michael cole told viewers .  the wwe hall of famer is famous for his feud with comedian andy kaufma .
 australian open : eugenie bouchard 'flexes muscles ' over 'twirlgate ' <sec> eugenie bouchard not `` offended '' by being asked to twirl .  but canadian says there should n't be a double standard .  rafael nadal was asked to bare his chest before 'twirlgate .
 fbi : man charged in faa fire sent message <sec> new : suspect `` seemed like an everyday , normal kind of guy to me , '' neighbor says .  fbi affidavit says suspect faced transfer to hawaii .  frustrated air traveler : `` there 's chaos mixed with outrage '' .  more than 2,000 flight cancellations at o'hare and midway airport .
 zakaria : massive government intervention needed to help markets <sec> zakaria : credit crises , financial meltdowns , recessions are n't end of capitalism .  government must try massive market interventions to get credit to flow , he says .  zakaria : america 's financial system needs new , different and better regulations .  we must quickly restore confidence , reform system , return fiscal sanity , he say .
 interview with rinko kikuchi <sec> rinko kikuchi was oscar-nominated for her performance in the film `` babel '' .  she has recently worked with karl lagerfeld as the new face of channel .  she challenges the traditional demure image of the japanese woma .
 jude kelly : the powerhouse behind britain 's biggest arts center <sec> jude kelly is the artistic director of the london 's southbank centre .  she has overseen over 100 productions with theatrical greats such as sir ian mckellen .  she has also established the `` women of the world '' festival celebrating female achievemen .
 prosecutor : suspect admitted to shootings at school <sec> `` she asked if we could pray and i 'm like 'yes , please ' , '' says 10th-grader .  suspect t.j. lane has admitted to school shootings , prosecutor says .  he is likely to be tried as an adult , ohio 's attorney general says .  three students died from the monday attack in chardon , ohi .
 let 's hope health summit was n't a fraud <sec> ruben navarrette jr. lauds the health care summit , says leaders ought to hold more such events .  navarrette : let 's hope it was real and not preparation for democrats to pass unpopular health bill .  navarrette : democrats control levers of government in washington .  some democrats up for re-election are terrified of passing `` the big bill , '' he write .
 as economic crisis bites , greece 's children pay the price <sec> greece is mired in economic crisis -- and country 's youngest residents are not immune .  parents , struggling to deal with the financial situation , forced to place children in care .  mother : `` it 's better to do this , than have them beside you without even a plate of food .
 'slave , ' 'hustle ' dominate golden globe nominations <sec> golden globe nominations announced .  `` 12 years a slave , '' `` american hustle '' dominate .  golden globes will be broadcast on sunday , january 1 .
 after bergdahl 's release , what about other american captives ? <sec> u.s. army sgt . .  bowe bergdahl was released last weekend by the taliban .  his case has drawn attention to other americans held in the region .  bob levinson disappeared after to traveling to an iranian island in 2007 .  other americans are being held in afghanistan and pakista .
 man ditches plane into ocean off coast of hawaii after running out of gas <sec> american king , an aircraft ferry service , says the pilot was rescued in `` good condition '' .  hilo is about 2,300 miles from monterey , california , where the plane departed from .  the pilot of the cessna told authorites 500 miles out he was low on fuel and would have to ditch .  he skims the water 13 miles east of hilo , where he is rescued and flown to a hilo hospita .
 china slams u.s. over tiananmen statement <sec> china expresses `` strong dissatisfaction '' with a u.s. statement on the june 4 anniversary .  it 's been 23 years since chinese soldiers opened fire on pro-democracy campaigners .  u.s. encouraged china to release those serving prisons sentences over the protest .  china accuses the u.s. of making `` baseless allegations '' and interfering in china 's internal affair .
 deadly fighting as gadhafi tries to retake rebel-held town <sec> a pro-gadhafi rally takes place in tripoli 's green square .  the libyan military drops three bombs over al-brega area .  an arab league statement rejects foreign intervention .  international criminal court opens a libya prob .
 texas rangers call fan 's 30-foot fall an unfortunate accident <sec> new : rangers call ballpark incident involving a fan an unfortunate accident .  tyler morris , a firefighter , gets a hospital visit from rangers president nolan ryan .  morris fell 30 feet from the stadium 's second deck as he tried to catch a foul ball .  four fans that he fell on were also hurt ; they were treated at the ballpar .
 pediatrician ordered to spend life in prison for molesting patients <sec> pediatrician was accused of sexually assaulting 103 of his patients .  a judge orders earl bradley to spend the rest of his life behind bars .  authorities testified against him during a bench trial in jun .
 fast track : f1 teams audition future stars <sec> the 12 formula one teams are testing young drivers in abu dhabi .  the three-day event is taking place in abu dhabi .  red bull 's jean-eric vergne set the pace at yas marina circuit on tuesda .
 fda sources : proof of e. coli bacteria found at nestle plant <sec> bacteria found at nestle usa plant in danville , virginia , fda researchers say .  researchers tested bacteria for link to illness outbreak in 29 states .  nestle spokeswoman said company 's baking division was informed of finding .  all infected persons confirmed as having strain of e. coli 0157 : h .
 japan 's date-krumm creates wimbledon history <sec> kimiko date-krumm becomes oldest player to reach third round at wimbledon in open era .  japanese earns first meeting with serena williams , who beat carolina garcia in straight sets .  fourth seed agnieszka radwanska a comfortable winner against mathilde johansso .
 more children crossing u.s.-mexico border alone <sec> hundreds apprehended crossing border over past two weeks , officials say .  most traveled from central america , homeland security spokeswoman says .  emergency shelter opened over the weekend at lackland air force bas .
 tiger woods steps up challenge in turkey <sec> tiger woods shoots nine-under 63 at turkish airlines open .  moves to within of four-way tie for the lead at 12 under in antalya .  race to dubai leader henrik stenson among leading four .  bad weather disrupted first round pla .
 officer cleared in fatal shooting of hofstra university student <sec> hofstra university student andrea rebello , 21 , was killed by police gunfire during a home invasion .  home intruder , dalton smith , 30 , was also shot and killed by officer .  officer `` acted accordingly '' and is cleared of wrongdoing , report say .
 mystery hearing set for 'west memphis three ' <sec> a new hearing for the `` west memphis three '' is set for friday .  authorities are tight-lipped about the subject , citing a gag orde .
 hulkenberg targets force india drive <sec> nico hulkenberg is without a team for the 2011 formula one championship .  rookie driver was dropped by williams f1 at the end of the 2010 season .  the german says his best chance of a seat next year lies with force india .  the 23-year-old claimed pole position at the brazilian grand prix in his debut yea .
 the himba : namibia 's iconic red women <sec> the himba women of northwest namibia are renowned for their use of otjize .  otjize is a paste of butter , fat and red ochre which is applied to their hair and skin .  the himba communicate with their god and their ancestors through a holy fir .
 kansas family dies in florida plane crash <sec> the sixth and final body is recovered .  sheriff : `` we 're pleased that we 're at least reuniting the entire family '' .  family was flying from the bahamas .  it had connections to kansas state universit .
 sandy debunks 'nanny state ' <sec> mitchell moss : disaster reminds us how much we rely on our local governments .  moss : hurricane sandy has put president obama and mitt romney on the sidelines .  he says the storm also teaches us that we ca n't ignore essential infrastructures .  moss : we have to invest in the future by taking steps now to minimize similar disaster .
 the world 's weirdest places to scuba dive <sec> in iceland you can dive in the crack between two continents .  the museum of underwater modern art lets you swim among sculptures .  swim in an underwater cemetery at the neptune memorial ree .
 obama announces climate change deal with china , other nations <sec> new : president announces `` meaningful and unprecedented '' climate change accord .  new : obama met with leaders of india , china , brazil , south africa to set `` mitigation target '' .  new : nonbinding deal is a target of limiting warming to no more than 2 degrees celsius .  obama : emissions targets `` will not be by themselves sufficient '' to meet long-term goal .
 australian radio network cancels show after nurse 's death <sec> the australian radio network suspends all prank calls .  a review of relevant policies and processes is being conducted , the company says .  nurse jacintha saldanha was found dead after taking the prank call on catherin .
 erin brockovich hopes to help residents near coal sludge spill <sec> environmental activist says people affected by coal sludge spill feel misled .  brockovich plans to meet with residents thursday and friday to discuss concerns .  residents show her pictures of fly ash piled up two feet high .  `` i do n't think tva can move fast enough to possibly satisfy these people , '' she sai .
 police fire tear gas as striking platinum miners protest <sec> police fire tear gas and rubber bullets as they clash with striking miners in rustenberg .  the protesters were barricading roads near the anglo american platinum mine , police say .  south africa 's mining sector has seen a wave of wildcat strikes and clashes since august .  thousands of striking miners have been fired by gold and platinum mining firm .
 toyota announces recalls involving more than 1.5 million vehicles <sec> more than 1.3 million vehicles are recalled because of potentially faulty fuel pipes .  an additional 245,000 lexus cars in the u.s. are recalled for fuel pressure sensor inspection .  toyota says no accidents have been reported in relation to the recall .
 review : 'ender 's game ' harmless , slightly clunky <sec> the film is about a 12-year-old shy loner with a beautiful mind .  co-stars harrison ford as the head of recruiting .  ew gives it a c .
 are hovercrafts and giant wheels the future of north korea ? <sec> a tour group asked north korean designers to come up with their visions of the future .  the results depict a mixture of soviet style and futuristic technology .  images are currently on display at the venice architecture biennal .
 boko haram seizes military base in nigeria <sec> boko haram has terrorized northern nigeria regularly since 2009 .  the islamist group aims to impose a stricter enforcement of sharia la .
 misfiring die mannschaft angers coach low <sec> germany beats gibraltar 4-0 .  thomas muller scores twice for world champions .  greece crashes to humiliating defeat by faroe islands .  romania tops group f after beating northern irelan .
 how galaxy gear stacks up to other smartwatches <sec> samsung 's new galaxy gear joins an increasingly crowded smartwatch market .  here 's how the gear stacks up against the pebble watch and other rivals .  smartwatches are also rumored to be coming from apple , google and microsof .
 leading pair round fastnet rock in yachting classic <sec> leading trimarans round fastnet rock in yachting 's classic fastnet race .  loick peyron 's maxi banque populaire was leading battle for line honors .  record 314 starters for the 608-nautical mile offshore classic .  15 competitors died in 1979 race as fleet hit by vicious stor .
 inside the bush family 's green retreat <sec> during george w. bush 's presidency , world leaders visited his texas ranch .  the bush family regularly makes the trip from big-city dallas to small-town crawford .  mr. bush frequently fishes and paints to unwind on the ranch .  the design 's green features include a geothermal energy system for heating and coolin .
 disney 's mouse ears a rite of passage <sec> actress annette funicello , who started her career as one of the most famous mouseketeers , died on monday .  her trademark mouse ears are seen today as a symbol of fond memories around disney movies and theme park .
 source : russia withheld details about tsarnaev <sec> source says russia did n't share all it knew about tamerlan tsarnaev .  there were texts that were not passed on with the alert .  that information could have changed the way the alert was handled , congressman say .
 vehicle , bodies recovered in craigslist disappearance <sec> suspect in case turned himself in monday morning , authorities say .  elrey runion placed a craigslist ad looking for a 1966 mustang .  he and wife drove to meet a man who responded to ad , relatives sa .
 cantor fitzgerald ceo : watch 'dopey ' u.s. go off fiscal cliff <sec> `` u.s. fiscal cliff still coming '' in form of failure to raise debt ceiling - cantor fitzgerald ceo .  more than 25 % of ceos feel world economy will get worse in 2013 , says pwc survey .  u.s. house of representatives passed short-term debt ceiling increase jan. 23 .  lutnick : `` dumb lending '' caused 2008 credit crisi .
 texas girl missing for 12 years is recovered in mexico <sec> a confidential informant helps authorities find missing daughter and mom .  father has yet to see daughter , who 's now in care of psychologist .  `` i was ahab and the white whale . .  i was not going to survive , '' father says of ordeal .  the girl , who went missing at age 4 , is now 17 , and her mother is now 44 , the fbi say .
 serena 's hot streak continues in istanbul <sec> serena williams wins her third straight match at the wta championships in turkey .  williams defeats world no . .  1 victoria azarenka 6-4 6-4 to make final four .  china 's li na defeats no . .  5 seed angelique kerber from germany 6-4 6-3 .  rafael nadal withdraws from season-ending men 's atp world tour finals in londo .
 by the numbers : republican convention <sec> 2,286 - number of gop delegates and 2,125 alternates .  13,000 - 15,000 - members of the media expected to attend the convention .  46 - percent of the vote gop candidate john mccain received in florida in the 2008 election .  53 - percent of the vote barack obama received in florida in the 2008 electio .
 sub joining hunt for lost hero amundsen 's plane <sec> unmanned submarine to be used in search for roald amundsen 's plane .  amundsen 's plane crashed in 1928 while he was on a rescue mission to north pole .  amundsen first to reach south pole ; credited with being first to both poles .  search due to begin later this yea .
 rapper ja rule to turn himself in for prison sentence wednesday <sec> new : ja rule begins 2-year sentence after pleading guilty to a weapon offense .  da : police found a loaded firearm with the serial number scratched off hidden in his car .  the rapper 's next album is expected to be released while he is in priso .
 craigslist slaying suspect tells reporter she killed in 3 other states <sec> suspect said she killed in alaska , florida and north carolina .  no word on whether authorities have confirmed her claims .  miranda barbour and her husband are charged with murder in pennsylvania .  police said they met the man through a craigslist companionship a .
 a democrat 's view from the house : senate bill is n't health reform <sec> senate bill is n't worthy of being called health reform , says rep. louise slaughter ( d-new york ) .  slaughter , who heads rules committee , says lack of public option is a fatal flaw .  she says senate bill would not stir competition among big insurance firms .  slaughter : senate needs to go back and start over on health car .
 sikhs react to the wisconsin temple shooting <sec> the largest sikh american civil rights organization in the united states calls for unity .  india 's sikh party plans a protest near the american embassy in new delhi .  because of their beards and turbans , sikh men are often mistaken for hindus or muslims .  the entire sikh community `` will be kind of scared '' following the attack , says one followe .
 maxine powell , mentor to motown stars , dies at 98 <sec> smokey robinson : `` evidence of her will live on through all of the motown family '' .  maxine powell was one of motown 's first personal development coaches .  young diana ross and marvin gaye were among her stable of stars .  motown : `` she brought something to motown that no other record company had .
 'buffett rule ' is just playing to the crowd <sec> ruben navarrette : gallup poll finds majority favor raising taxes on corporations and the rich .  `` buffett rule '' would set minimum tax rate for people earning more than $ 1 million a year .  navarrette says this is an election gimmick because obama knows it wo n't pass .  navarrette : in a fair system , everyone would pay the same percentage of income in taxe .
 louisiana politician becomes face of grassroots clean-up efforts <sec> billy nungesser warned of oil spill 's potential impact on coastal communities early on .  friends , family say the louisiana native has been working around the clock .  nungesser ran for plaquemines parish president in response to pace of katrina relief efforts .  before politics , nungesser ran sucessful business making mobile living quarter .
 palace : kate has graduated as 'fully fledged ' royal <sec> palace source tells cnn that kate feels `` fulfilled '' by her achievements over the past 12 months .  william and other royals have helped smooth her transition into the monarchy , source says .  william phoned kate from the falklands to coach her for her first public address .  kate intervened to prevent her new puppy lupo becoming a public relations even .
 ben stein : the truth about nixon <sec> the richard nixon whom ben stein knew was n't anything like the way media portrayed him .  stein : nixon was under constant media assault , never had control of both houses of congress .  stein : he ended vietnam war , brought home pows , saved israel and made peace .  stein : in key event to ending cold war , nixon opened ties with china , subduing russi .
 bringing digital reading to the bus ... or the bathroom <sec> mobile digital media hold the promise of a return to convenient portable reading .  readitlater is a free service that saves online articles into a personal mobile reading list .  surveys show people read content on phones during down times , such as waiting in lin .
 a fight for the soul of the gop <sec> mitt romney and rick santorum virtually tied for first place in iowa .  maria cardona says the contest shows romney ca n't make the sale to conservatives .  she says he has swung right to win their votes , which would hurt him in general electio .
