 poll finds lack of support for 'torture ' investigations <sec> most americans in poll say harsh interrogation techniques were torture .  majority do n't want investigation into who authorized such techniques .  some in obama 's party disagree with decision not to investigat .
 why we should expect more weather disasters <sec> noaa reports the past 12 months were the hottest since record-keeping began .  steven cohen says effects of extreme weather are indisputable , whatever the cause .  more and more people live in places especially vulnerable to rough weather , he says .  cohen : government and industry must prepare for the inevitability of weather disaster .
 black history month 2010 : discussion and activities <sec> february is black history month .  these questions and activities help students learn about the history , culture and achievements of african-americans .  these questions and activities can be adapted to accommodate students of different grade levels and learning style .
 report : nba says donald sterling asked v. stiviano to lie <sec> los angeles times reports on contents of nba document on sterling .  times : league suggests team president got a copy of recording before it was released .  times : sterling and his wife are not estranged in the minds of the nba .  new : commissioner says league would hire investment bankers to sell team , if it comes to tha .
 isis : is it really a threat to the u.s. ? ( opinion ) <sec> u.s. officials now see isis as a credible threat , on a par with al qaeda .  peter bergen : some lawmakers have exaggerated the current threat to u.s. from isis .  he says the problem is a potential issue , but few have been charged so far .  bergen : clearly isis is a potent force that must be countered in middle eas .
 the tough task ahead for ferguson 's next police chief <sec> nypd commissioner : chiefs need to embrace need for change .  ferguson might look to sanford , florida 's experience when choosing a new chief .  that city also had to find ways to heal divisions between community and polic .
 jobs report crucial to presidential election outcome <sec> the jobs report is the most important monthly economic report in the white house race .  obama on report : `` there are still a lot of folks out of work , which means we got ta do more '' .  romney : `` it 's a terrible and very disappointing report '' .  cnn poll indicates americans were split on who could best jump start the econom .
 obama launches efforts to save honey bees - cnnpolitics.com <sec> honey bees pollinate fruit , nuts and vegetables .  pollination is crucial for the food industry .  honey bees have declined sharply due to pesticides , mites and other factors .  in california , the almond industry is at risk because it relies on bees for pollinatio .
 rethink the economy 's old certainties <sec> michael brandl says cuba is re-evaluating economy , maybe u.s. should look inward , too .  parties should not dig into ideologies , he says ; instead fix parts of economy not working .  get rid of costly mortgage tax deduction , he says ; get banks to start lending to businesses .  brandl : try a worldwide sales tax on financial deals ; u.s. must change structure of econom .
 some republicans move away from no-tax pledge - cnnpolitics.com <sec> `` he 's never promised me anything , '' grover norquist says about sen. saxby chambliss .  chambliss is the latest conservative to reject norquist 's pledge .  congress returns to work next week facing the year-end `` fiscal cliff '' .  without a deal , tax hikes and steep spending cuts will take effect next yea .
 in pakistan floods , u.s. must step into breach <sec> ken ballen says pakistan floods are crisis that could rival 2005 earthquake , asian tsunami .  but u.s. not meeting disaster with rapid , comprehensive approach , as before .  extremists ready to assume aid role ; u.s. squandering chance to woo pakistanis , he says .  ballen : aid efforts are important opportunities to garner good will ; wrest aid role from extremist .
 judge blocks 'harry potter lexicon ' <sec> web site operator wants to publish encyclopedia about harry potter novels .  judge awards `` harry potter '' author j.k. rowling and publisher $ 6,750 in damages .  rowling says she has long planned to publish her own encyclopedi .
 lewis pugh : the human polar bear <sec> lewis pugh was the first man to complete a long-distance swim in the arctic .  `` most people ca n't go 20 meters in ice-cold water , '' says his coach .  pugh is able to increase his body temperature using will power alone .  his extreme swims are intended to publicize the effects of global warmin .
 k-pop stars ready for pope francis ' visit with tributes <sec> about 10 % of the south korean population is catholic , including some of the country 's most famous pop stars .  a music video was made with 20 celebs to celebrate the pope 's first visit to korea in a quarter of a century .  pop sensation rain , figure skating star kim yuna amongst the devote .
 cnn student news - january 22 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 donald sterling in cnn : i 'm not a racist , i 'm a giver <sec> donald sterling does n't think racism is a problem in the united states .  he says his wife has begun divorce proceedings , she should keep her half of team .  sterling thinks players will still take the court even if he remains owner of the clipper .
 young sailor settling back on land <sec> abby sunderland answered questions at her first u.s. news conference tuesday .  she sailed 12,000 nautical miles and became youngest person to sail around cape horn .  she said she 's proved her age should n't be a concern .  her parents are naming their next child paul after the captain of the rescue shi .
 argentina 's kirchner wants shakeup after nisman scandal <sec> argentina 's president proposes dissolving the secretariat of intelligence .  cristina fernandez de kirchner says it has `` not served the interests of the country '' .  nine days ago , prosecutor who alleged a criminal cover-up died in mysterious circumstance .
 spain bans political party for eta links <sec> spain 's supreme court bans leftist party for links to basque separatists eta .  unexploded bomb later found on national police officer 's private car in bilbao .  eta blamed for more than 800 deaths in long fight for basque independenc .
 think you know your republican convention trivia ? <sec> mccain was the presidential nominating speaker in 1996 for sen. robert dole .  2008 marks the fourth time the parties have held back-to-back conventions .  no republican since nixon has carried minnesota in a presidential general election .  if mccain is elected he 'll be the oldest president sworn in to a first ter .
 eight patients monitored for deadly creutzfeldt-jakob brain disease <sec> contaminated surgical equipment leads to concerns for 8 patients .  the patients may have been exposed to proteins that cause creutzfedt-jakob disease .  but the risk of infection is `` very low , '' hospital chief says .  cdc says no cases have been linked to surgical equipment since 197 .
 divided appeals court strikes down michigan 's affirmative action ban <sec> the court concludes in a 2-1 ruling that the voter-approved ban is unconstitutional .  the case is likely to renew a national debate over affirmative action .  the university of michigan is reviewing the implications of the ruling , a spokeswoman say .
 how much do top soccer players earn ? <sec> for the top five soccer players in the world , salaries averaged $ 14.67 million .  real madrid 's star forward cristiano ronaldo earns $ 17.06 million a year .  lionel messi , 22 , is the youngest among the highest-paid soccer stars with $ 13.74 million .  olympic medal winner samuel eto'o has a contract worth $ 13.74 millio .
 fifth-grade boys ' plot to kill a classmate thwarted <sec> two boys plot to kill a girl outside their washington state school unravels .  the boys also intended to kill six more students one by one , authorities say .  one boy was going to stab the girl ; the other was to use a gun to guard him .  one boy stole the gun from his older brother , who in turn stole it from dead grandfather 's hom .
 what 's a hospital supposed to do with an ebola patient ? <sec> hospitals should ask whether a patient traveled to an ebola-affected area .  patients suspected of having ebola should have their own rooms and private bathrooms .  putting on protective gear in the right order is critical , experts say .  cdc director : even a `` single , innocent '' slip in protocol can result in contaminatio .
 half of americans sip sugary drinks daily <sec> half of u.s. population over age 2 consumes sugary drinks daily , cdc says .  report says the drinks have been linked to weight gain , obesity and diabetes .  beverage makers say their products have not fueled obesity and diabetes .  male teens are most frequent consumers of sugary drinks , report say .
 entire oklahoma town flees as fires spread <sec> all residents of taloga , oklahoma , were evacuated because of fire .  entire population of about 400 people allowed back in .  wildfires have been burning in northwest and central oklahoma since thursday .  wildfire also burning near towns of edmond , waleek .
 david kong profile <sec> david kong is the president and ceo of best western since 2004 .  kong has spent 20 years in senior positions in the hotel industry .  has helped make best western the largest international hotel brand in asi .
 court documents : blood of josh powell 's wife found at utah home <sec> the blood of susan powell was found on tile , court documents say .  powell left a will that said her husband threatened to destroy her , the documents say .  powell was last seen on december 6 , 2009 , at her family 's utah home .  josh powell killed his two sons and himself in februar .
 playboy rejects kate gosselin <sec> kate gosselin is n't the only celebrity to fall short of hef 's stringent standards .  when audrina patridge was 19 , she hired a photographer to take photos of her topless .  hefner rejected pictures of shirley jones because he `` expected more nudity .
 protesters force cancellation of asian summit <sec> demonstrators storm a hotel saturday where asian leaders were to meet .  thousands of `` red shirt '' protesters demand resignation of thai prime minister .  state of emergency declared in chonburi province and coastal city of pattaya .  protesters are loyal to ex-pm thaksin shinawatra , who was ousted in 2006 cou .
 hotels ready for the end of the world <sec> the end of the maya calendar has hoteliers rolling out themed packages .  along mexico 's riviera maya , resorts are offering special spa treatments and menus .  in the united states , urban hotels are getting in on the end-of-the-world offer .
 french journalist missing in colombia after rebel attack <sec> french journalist romeo langlois is missing .  he works for france 24 , which reports he is being held prisoner .  kidnapping government forces and civilians is a key strategy of the far .
 the end of the world ? not quite yet <sec> pointing to the mayan calendar , some said life would end on the winter solstice .  yet friday came and went for billions worldwide , without any epic calamity .  some mayans say the day marks the end of one era and the start of a new on .
 in social networking , a move to meet the people next door <sec> as social sites expand , a new wave aims to help get to know real-world neighbors .  sites like nextdoor create hyper-local networks of neighbors .  pew research report suggests nearly one in three people do n't know any of their neighbor .
 uncovering secrets to a longer life <sec> researchers looked at regions where people live long lives .  dan buettner says they found common practices in these `` blue zone '' regions .  people live longer when they have active physical and social lives , he says .  buettner : pills , diets are n't as important as having purpose in lif .
 what can go wrong when you stay at someone 's house <sec> judith newman lists the many ways things can go wrong when you stay with people .  newman believes she suffers from 'an overabundance of politeness ' .  newman would rather spend time with friends and family then sleep at a hote .
 vindicated olympic park bombing suspect richard jewell dies <sec> richard jewell , 44 , has died , his attorney tells cnn .  jewell wrongly suspected of setting off a deadly bomb during 1996 olympics .  jewell was cleared after 12 weeks of scrutiny .  in april , 2005 , eric robert rudolph pleaded guilty to the bombin .
 adventure your way across alaska <sec> ireporters share their tips and photos for venturing through alaska .  do n't try to see everything in one trip ; instead , focus on what you want to experience most .  whether by cruise ship or car , your trip to alaska will be filled with scener .
 arrest made in attack on milwaukee mayor <sec> new : police arrested anthony peters , 20 , in connection with the attack .  police : man beat mayor tom barrett with metal pipe at state fair on saturday .  barrett heard a woman screaming and tried to help her , dialing 911 .  man who had been beating the woman then started hitting barrett , police sa .
 iran says it captured 'enemy drone ' <sec> incident reportedly took place during military maneuvers in southern iran .  it 's unclear exactly who the drone belongs to .  iran has claimed to have captured u.s. drones in the pas .
 tattoo parlor run by cops busts gangs <sec> tattoo parlor run by cops leads to major bust of georgia gangs .  authorities even set up a myspace page as part of the ring .  atf says big-time gangs are gaining ground outside major cities .  atf agent : `` we 're seeing it all over the country .
 grand jury gets more time in ferguson police case <sec> a grand jury has until january 7 to decide whether officer darren wilson should be charged .  wilson shot unarmed black teenager michael brown on august .
 sanford picks interim police chief amid martin controversy <sec> colorado springs veteran richard myers steps in as sanford 's interim chief .  myers , a 35-year veteran , is expected to serve for three to five months .  sanford chief bill lee stays on administrative leave , the city says .  sanford police have been under a microscope since the killing of trayvon marti .
 obesity , diabetes , stroke plague hispanic community <sec> hispanic population disproportionately affected by cardiovascular diseases .  25 % of hispanic women who are overweight perceive their weight as `` normal '' .  experts say differences due to lack of health care access , cultural factor .
 ice melting across globe at accelerating rate , nasa says <sec> about 2 trillion tons of ice have melted in greenland , antarctica , alaska since 2003 .  lost amount of water could fill up chesapeake bay 21 times , nasa scientist says .  most came from greenland , where losses raised global sea levels .5 mm annually .  scientist says sea levels rising 50 percent faster than 15 years ag .
 after israel-gaza : who won , who lost ? <sec> analysts consider who are winners and losers from latest mideast conflict .  conflict represents qualified victory for israel 's pm netanyahu , says paula newton .  hamas has emerged emboldened from conflict and its truce , observers say .  egypt 's morsy has proved he has leverage necessary to bring hamas to the tabl .
 arrest warrant issued for cyclist landis <sec> landis allegedly hacked into french anti-doping agency 's computer system .  oscar pereiro of spain inherited the 2006 title after landis was disqualified .  french judge issued the warrant after the laboratory computer system was hacke .
 drones cost $ 28,000 for one arrest <sec> border patrol uses drones to scan desert for illegal immigrants .  report says drones only patrol 170 miles of the 1,993 mile border .  critics say the return on investment is n't worth i .
 martin luther king 's dream is alive <sec> kevin powell : dr. martin luther king , jr. would hardly recognize america in 2013 .  powell : king and others made it possible for barack obama to be elected president .  he says despite progress , king would find a lot more that needs to be done .  powell : in celebration of his legacy , let 's treat each other with humanity and compassio .
 ukrainian military plane shot down ; all 49 aboard dead <sec> nato releases images showing tank presence near russia 's border with ukraine .  security service says a homemade bomb was left outside gate of president 's offices .  three ukrainian soldiers killed in attack by separatists .  ukraine 's president vows punishment for plane shootdow .
 three police officers killed in taliban attack in afghanistan <sec> the deadliest of the attacks occurs in paktia province .  along with the deaths , that attack injured two police officers .  the taliban claims responsibility for that attac .
 coach mourinho commits to new real madrid contract <sec> jose mourinho extends his contract at real madrid until end of 2015-16 season .  portuguese coach led spanish club to la liga title for the 32nd time .  he had been linked with a possible return to england 's premier league .  real ended barcelona 's three-year spanish reign in record-setting seaso .
 uk lifts ban on fracking to exploit shale gas reserves <sec> fracking can be done `` safely and sensibly , '' the chief executive of cuadrilla says .  measures must be put in place to limit the risk of triggering earthquakes , government says .  fracking was halted last year after it caused two small tremors in northwestern england .  opponents : it 's a dirty process , and promises of cheap , abundant gas are `` deluded .
 protesters use 16,000 coconuts as symbols of violence <sec> protesters line up coconuts on brazil 's copacabana beach .  rio de paz says coconuts represent victims of urban violence , drug wars .  protesters string up sign in sand that says `` shame '' in four languages .  earlier , group staged mock cemetery in beach sand representing missing peopl .
 marlon marshall , obamacare aide leaves white house <sec> marlon marshall is leaving the white house and could be in line for a possible clinton campaign job .  marshall will join 270 strategies , a democratic consulting firm he helped found .  he is close with the man widely seen as the frontrunner to lead clinton 's possible 2016 campaig .
 two years after riots against cops , anaheim gets its first latino police chief <sec> chief raul quezada is the first latino police chief in anaheim 's 157-year history .  quezada , 44 , worked his way up the ranks from patrolman in 1996 .  he implements `` coffee with a cop '' to build community trust .  riots by latinos erupted in 2012 after police fatally shot an unarmed hispanic ma .
 all-male ghostbusters reboot in the works , too <sec> sony is now planning an all-male ghostbusters reboot , deadline reports .  the news comes on the heels of an all-women versio .
 peterson trial focuses on alleged threat to kill his wife <sec> new : a pathologist testifies about why he ruled her death a homicide .  new : the judge criticizes repeated missteps by the prosecution .  drew peterson is on trial in the death of his third wife , kathleen salvio .  she had described an incident in which he allegedly threatened her with a knif .
 show animals and their proud handlers <sec> jooney woodward took portraits of show animals and their handlers in the uk .  the livestock shows are just as much business events as they are social gathering .
 opinion : syria 's children suffer , the world shrugs <sec> gayle lemmon : nations have tried to secure syria 's chemical weapons but not to help children .  lemmon : children suffer from starvation and polio , killed by airstrikes and bombs .  she says chemical weapons close to being secured , but not conventional weapons .  children pay the price , she says . .  the world has turned its back on the .
 justin bieber settles lawsuit with ex-bodyguard moshe benabou <sec> moshe benabou accused justin bieber of hitting him during a `` tirade '' in october 2012 .  `` justin bieber repeatedly punched moshe benabou , '' the lawsuit said .  bieber 's lawyer : `` resolved to the satisfaction of both parties and the case has been dismissed .
 review : jason aldean 's 'night train ' <sec> jason aldean includes 15 songs on one record .  on his fifth album , `` night train , '' he aims high and wide .  the georgia native prides himself on not fitting in a square country bo .
 henry the toddler takes charge of nanny 's photo shoots <sec> 2-year-old henry shakyaver 's poses inspire photo series `` henry 's concepts '' .  henry 's nanny alex neary is a photographer who started the series on her site .  the concept : henry poses for a picture , neary mimics his pose so he can take her picture .  neary : `` kids have crazy imaginations . .  ... be ready to laugh at yourself .
