 arizona schools chief says ethnic studies law takes focus off race <sec> law aims `` to get schools to teach kids to treat each other as individuals , '' he says .  he says tucson ethnic studies curriculum `` divided the kids into different races '' .  law bans classes that promote overthrow of u.s. , resentment of other racial groups .  measure criticized by educators , citizens who say the classes do n't promote resentmen .
 11 world 's best urban resorts <sec> london only has one rooftop hotel pool , at the berkeley .  since opening in 1929 , hotel molitor has been a top parisian pool destination .  the ritz-carlton , millenia singapore offers butler-drawn baths in your room .  hotel arts barcelona 's spa features a technology-detox treatment to counter the effects of smartphone appendage-iti .
 top philippine court hits pause on divisive contraception law <sec> philippine lawmakers approved the reproductive health bill late last year .  but the supreme court delays its implementation to hear petitions against it .  catholic bishops in the country welcome the decisio .
 food from space : satellites show future of eco-endeavors <sec> satellites used to certify organic crops in europe in pilot project .  partnership with organic certification company and european space agency .  satellites being used by farmers to water crops , protect environmen .
 what killed joan rivers <sec> joan rivers suffered complications during minor elective surgery .  any kind of surgery comes with risk .  age can be a complicating factor for surgery ; rivers was 8 .
 houston police chief asks for fbi 's help in shooting of disabled man <sec> on saturday , houston police officer shot disabled man in head , killing him .  houston police chief : we place the highest value on human life , calls shooting `` tragic '' .  chief asks for fbi help ; promises `` transparency '' in response to shooting .  police representative said man had tried to stab officer with a pe .
 the fairy tale on spending cuts <sec> michael tanner : most of what we are told about the sequester is just a fairy tale .  tanner : some think the sequester imposes savage spending cuts , but that 's not true .  he says although defense spending will be cut , it would never fall below 2007 level .  tanner : government spending may destroy more jobs in the long run than it create .
 ex-rap mogul suge knight charged with murder <sec> marion `` suge '' knight is being held without bail .  he is accused of running over two men and killing one following an argumen .
 typhoon tourism : one week in north korea <sec> north korea offers a rich experience for travelers , says parag khanna .  visit the reclusive nation now as it emerges , tentatively , into the modern world .  rich civilization temporarily trapped in an anachronistic state , he observes .  now nation is courting more foreign investment for those with high appetite for ris .
 iran president brings 'charm offensive ' to u.n. ; will obama buy it ? <sec> white house official : obama still has no meeting scheduled with rouhani .  the iranian president 's comments spark optimism on the streets of tehran .  new york times : israel 's prime minister believes the overtures could be a trap .  newly elected rouhani `` needs to strike a deal quickly '' with the united states , one analyst say .
 pakistan : villagers take on taliban , 14 militants killed <sec> upper dir , part of swat valley , is where pakistan army are fighting taliban militants .  u.n. says an estimated 2 million pakistanis have been displaced by fighting .  backlash follows suspected taliban suicide attack friday at a mosque .  official : both sides using heavy weapons , including anti-aircraft weapon .
 x games competitor in critical condition after accident <sec> new : brother of injured rider encourages fan to pray for him .  caleb moore was competing in the snowmobile freestyle event .  he was trying to do a back flip with his machine when he came up short .  moore was struck by the machine while falling down the landing hil .
 houston transit cop saved woman from train on inauguration day <sec> woman , 68 , fell off platform at metro 's gallery place-chinatown stop .  houston metro officer eliot swainson , another rider tried to pull her up .  when they could n't grab her , swainson helped tuck her under platform .  woman safely huddled beneath platform lip as train passe .
 motogp : marquez mistake puts lorenzo back in title hunt <sec> marc marquez disqualified in australia for pit stop error .  the spanish rookie misses first chance to win 2013 motogp title .  jorge lorenzo wins at philip island to boost title defence .  lorenzo is now 18 points behind marquez with two races to g .
 bomb threat prompts sweep of plane at washington airport <sec> new : the woman who made the threat may have mental issues , an official says .  new : no bomb is found and the scene in washington is now clear , the official adds .  the threat was made in person at a ticket counter in dayton , ohio .  44 passengers who safely deplaned are being questioned , an airport official say .
 brawl behind bars : aaron hernandez charged in jailhouse fight , da says <sec> district attorney 's office : hernandez is charged with assault and battery tied to fight .  he allegedly punched a fellow inmate in february .  the ex-football star is in jail on a murder charge for odin lloyd 's deat .
 the 12 states that still ban same-sex marriage <sec> 12 states do not allow same-sex marriages .  the u.s. supreme court could settle the issue for good when it rules this yea .
 a pardon for the notorious billy the kid ? <sec> new mexico governor considers pardoning billy the kid .  descendants of the sheriff who killed billy ask him not to do so .  pat garrett 's family says billy was a murderer not worthy of pardo .
 dueling mass rallies held in moscow <sec> pro- and anti-government rallies are held in moscow .  prime minister putin says parliamentary elections in december were fair .  opponents claim the results were rigged .  putin is running for president in marc .
 canadians join isis to fight in syria <sec> officials say more than 100 canadians are fighting abroad for terror groups , including isis .  five of the young male jihadists are linked to a mosque in the western city of calgary , alberta .  one recent convert left to syria soon after beginning worshipping there .  friends and muslim leaders are concerne .
 police shooting too many americans ( opinion ) <sec> frida ghitis : police in united states are killing far too many people .  lack of official statistics on shootings worrying , she says .  ghitis : police should rethink shoot-to-kill polic .
 opinion : why we 're risking arrest over immigration <sec> ai-jen poo , terry o'neill say immigration reform must bring equal treatment for women .  they say only 28 % of work visas go to women , who do jobs that often are n't valued .  they say reform should free up visas for those jobs -- nannies and home health care workers .  writers : immigrant women make huge contributions to u.s. and need an equal sho .
 a millennial 's plea : we must vote <sec> michael skolnik , editor of globalgrind.com , encourages the millennial generation to vote .  some say women , the unemployed or swing states will decide the presidential election .  skolnik argues that millennials have the power to sway the election results if they show u .
 police investigate killing of american couple in st. maarten <sec> michael and thelma king were found dead friday .  a suspect is detained and is being interviewed in the case .  `` this was an ugly scene , '' an official say .
 top 5 inaugural addresses <sec> in the wake of election tie , thomas jefferson delivered most conciliatory address .  frederick douglass said lincoln 's second inaugural `` sounded more like a sermon '' .  franklin roosevelt 's first inaugural delivered hope amid the great depressio .
 rains soak , flood southern louisiana <sec> more than 20 inches of rain possibly fall in some areas , the weather service says .  a st. landry parish official estimates 2,000 people affected by the floods .  a flood warning is in effect until late tuesday .  floodwaters surround a bus filled with middle school student .
 blind horse knives crafts the american dream <sec> blind horse knives was created in 2007 by l.t wright and dan coppins .  the business partners were once custom stair builders and made a fair living .  blind horse knives now employs 23 local craftsmen and the product is sold all over the world .  the business name was inspired by wright 's great-great-uncle , who owned a blind hors .
 ukrainian president dissolves parliament , sets election <sec> new : u.s. concerned that russia is talking about sending another convoy to ukraine .  ukraine will hold elections october 26 , president petro poroshenko says .  russian official does n't rule out potential meeting between vladimir putin , poroshenk .
 jet makes emergency landing after smoke report <sec> honolulu-bound american jet lands at los angeles international airport .  pilot requests emergency landing after smoke in cabin reported , official says .  passengers slide down inflatable chutes to get out of cabin ; minor injuries reporte .
 hamilton 's crash gives rivals hope <sec> lewis hamilton fails to clinch world title after spinning out of the chinese gp .  briton 's lead cut to four points by mclaren team-mate fernando alonso .  alonso finished second in shanghai behind ferrari 's kimi raikkone .
 cocaine sent to u.n. headquarters <sec> the narcotics were uncovered january 16 inside hollowed-out books .  they had been shipped from mexico city in a bag made to look like a diplomatic pouch .  it lacked a destination address and was without a return address .  authorities have not located the intended recipien .
 for blackberry addicts , rim is 'chipping away our faith ' <sec> a rim outage this week sparked some outrage among blackberry customers .  rim faces competitive pressure , most recently from the iphone 4s .  blackberry addicts are threatening to ditch their longtime phone of choic .
 south florida ice official arrested on child porn charges <sec> new : report : anthony mangione will undergo a psychological evaluation .  new : he pleaded not guilty to the charges in federal court .  mangione 's indictment was unsealed wednesday , authorities say .  if convicted , he faces up to 20 years in priso .
 gop failing to learn race lessons <sec> crystal wright : steve scalise scandal a reminder of gop 's race problems .  republican efforts to change subject misguided , she say .
 how to get economy growing fast <sec> mitt romney predicted he could reduce unemployment to 6 % in four years .  jeffrey miron says that kind of economic improvement is n't fast enough .  he says the economy has recovered at a faster pace from previous downturns .  miron : cut taxes , promote immigration , reduce military and slow growth of entitlement .
 woodford : nothing has changed in japan inc. since olympus saga <sec> michael woodford fired as olympus ceo after he exposed a $ 1.7 billion cover-up .  woodford was appointed as first foreign ceo when a local magazine broke news .  olympus shares lost around 80 % of their market value in weeks after .  woodford : case highlights the dysfunctionality of corporate japa .
 man ticketed in carpool lane with 'interesting ' cutout <sec> a driver was caught in the hov lane with a cutout of `` most interesting man '' .  he earned a ticket -- and a tweet admiring his tenacit .
 white house : no , castro , you ca n't have guantanamo back - cnnpolitics.com <sec> cuban president raul castro is demanding the u.s. leave guantanamo bay .  white house press secretary rejected such request .
 three lessons linger from bp oil spill <sec> donna brazile : observances of earth day and the second year since bp oil spill are upon us .  as spill fades in memory , she says , we must remember why it drew out our shared humanity .  she says 3 lessons emerged : one , only big business has means to clean up own mess .  brazile : government staying out of way leads to disaster ; any regulation is not overregulatio .
 weight loss helps mom battle cancer <sec> melissa schaaf lost 80 pounds through regular exercise and a healthy diet .  schaaf later was diagnosed with stage i of a rare cancer called leiomyosarcoma .  schaaf continued to work out through treatment to stay mentally , physically health .
 sen. coburn : my bogus dilemma on tornado aid <sec> sen. tom coburn : despite reports , nobody in congress is debating oklahoma disaster aid .  coburn : fema has $ 11.6 billion for assistance , more than enough to help tornado victims .  but if fema fund runs out , coburn will stick by policy to deny aid without cuts elsewhere .  coburn : i opposed sandy aid package because it was an `` all-you-can-eat buffet .
 why debates do n't always make a difference <sec> donna brazile : the hype is starting for the first presidential debate wednesday .  she says debates can make a difference but often do n't change dynamics of a campaign .  most debates since 1980s have n't swung the elections , she says .  brazile : an incumbent president usually has more to lose , and debates elevate challenger .
 rosetta targets 'head ' of the comet for philae lander <sec> scientists are trying to land a probe on comet 67p/churyumov-gerasimenko .  the european space agency says it now has chosen a prime target landing site .  the comet is so far from earth the philae lander needs to be programed to land on its own .  it took more than 10 years to position the rosetta craft so it could follow the come .
 uefa charges cska moscow over yaya toure 's racism claims <sec> cska moscow faces charges over behavior of its fans in match against manchester city .  european soccer 's ruling body to hear case against russian club on october 30 .  cska fans accused of racist behavior and setting off fireworks in wednesday 's match .  city 's yaya toure complained of being racially abused during champions league ti .
 iraq banned from summer olympics <sec> new : iraqi government interference in olympic committee attributed to `` jealousy '' .  international olympic committee accuses iraqi government of interference in sports .  iraqi government suspended nation 's olympic committee in may .  seven iraqi athletes were to compete in beijing , chin .
 hundreds of obama alums urge warren to run <sec> more than 300 former obama campaign staffers signed a letter urging elizabeth warren to run .  the letter includes low-level organizers and major tech and data staffers .  warren continued her rise on the national stage as she took center stage in this week 's spending figh .
 u.n. opens prosecution over hariri assassination <sec> u.n. tribunal for killing of former lebanon prime minister to convenes .  tribunal has 11 judges , whose identities are being kept secret for their safety .  rafik hariri killed in car bomb in beirut in february 2005 .  death led to protests and reduction of syrian influence in lebano .
 hot rod frenzy <sec> george brainard was the official photographer for the kontinentals car club .  the attendees of the vintage car shows inspired his upcoming photo book .  `` all tore up : texas hot rod portraits '' will be released march .
 mexican president visits troubled ciudad juarez <sec> felipe calderon goes to troubled city for third time in little more than a month .  analysts : visit highlights city 's importance as focal point of calderon 's war on drug cartels .  visit was scheduled before 3 people slain saturday .  deaths of pregnant woman , two others renewed attention to the border cit .
 new orleans hospital deaths back in spotlight <sec> post-katrina euthanasia was alleged at memorial hospital .  grand jury declined to file charges and case was closed .  different district attorney deciding whether to reopen investigation .  cnn first reported allegations six weeks after hurricane katrin .
 one million people at risk in darfur , u.n. says <sec> assessment of humanitarian needs in darfur conducted by un and sudan .  info collected in bid to stem further troubles after sudan expelled 13 aid groups .  aid groups kicked out after president omar al-bashir indicted on war crimes by icc .  the u.n. estimates 1.1 million need regular food aid ; 1 million need drinking wate .
 ballon d'or u-turn puts ronaldo in driving seat <sec> fifa surprisingly extend voting for ballon d'or by two weeks .  new deadline means ronaldo 's world cup hat-trick can now be taken into account .  franck ribery had been favorite to win award for various critics prior to unexpected chang .
 fake golf clubs scam 'duped ' ebay customers <sec> fake ebay golf clubs scam left thousand out of pocket , court is told .  nearly every major golf brand affected by worldwide fraud on online auction site .  ringleader greg bellchambers has admitted fraud and conspiracy .  six other co-defendants on trial for conspiracy at snaresbrook crown cour .
 joanna rowsell : cycling 's golden girl pedals past alopecia <sec> champion cyclist joanna rowsell is a role model on and off the track .  briton , 25 , has suffered from alopecia areata most of her life .  all her hair fell out aged 10 , and she took up cycling five years later .  rowsell won two gold medals at world championships in february 201 .
 imf forgives haiti 's $ 268 million debt to the fund <sec> imf cancels haiti 's debt to the fund .  the board also approved support for reconstruction and growth .  the decisions are part of an effort to support haiti 's longer-term reconstruction plan .
 attack at syria funeral : 'children 's bodies were maimed and burnt , ' witness says <sec> 13 people are killed in an explosion at a funeral of an opposition activist .  `` look at this , assad ! .  ... look at this , you murderer ! '' .  one man screams .  the blast takes place in the damascus suburbs , which has seen months of fighting .  international envoy lakhdar brahimi is trying to broker a cease-fire by frida .
 radioactive levels staying high off fukushima daiichi in japan <sec> u.s. scientist : cesium levels in fish point to ongoing source of contamination .  the source could be from the seabed or from ongoing leaks from the damaged plant .  ken buesseler studied thousands of japanese catch reports for his stud .
 two more ebola deaths in uganda , officials say <sec> one of the dead is a teen whose relatives previously died of the virus .  concerns over infection ripple across uganda .  health teams are working to deal with the issu .
 o'brien : fatigue , guilt , gratitude on our long exit from chile <sec> soledad o'brien and her team go from one earthquake zone to another .  they give a behind-the-scenes look at what it 's like to cover a major disaster .  they experience guilt as they have to leave chile and the story of its troubles .  exiting chile proves to be as arduous as getting into the earthquake-ravaged natio .
 los angeles water main break hits sunset blvd , ucla <sec> authorities estimate 8 to 10 million gallons of water spilled .  several inches of water covered the court at pauley pavilion .  firefighters rescued several people from inundated parking garages .  california had just passed statewide watering restrictions due to drough .
 rob ford has cancer , to begin chemotherapy soon <sec> rob ford decided not to run for re-election after his tumor was discovered .  the controversial mayor has a rare cancer , which has spread from his abdomen .  doctor is unsure about the prognosis , but treatment will start with chemo .  ford returned to work in late june after two months in reha .
 lohan to leno : i 'll be back with an oscar ! <sec> lohan says she 's `` willing to do the work '' for a comeback .  she 's cast in `` gotti , '' but jail could keep her off the movie set .  friday 's jail sentence left her `` kind of numb , '' the actress says .  lohan 's `` tonight show '' appearance was taped monday and aired tuesda .
 swine flu tops 10,000 cases worldwide <sec> h1n1 flu has caused at least 80 deaths , mostly in mexico .  man in st. louis , missouri , may be latest to die of flu in united states .  officials say flu is behaving similar to typical seasonal influenz .
 youngest guantanamo detainee pleads guilty <sec> new : plea deal includes an eight-year prison sentence , source says .  omar khadr , 24 , accused of throwing a grenade that killed a special forces medic in 2002 .  khadr was born in canada , which held negotiations over his plea .  it 's the first guantanamo military commission of the obama er .
