 scalpers selling jackson memorial tickets online <sec> tickets for tuesday 's memorial for michael jackson have appeared for sale online .  both ebay and craigslist took steps monday to thwart ticket sellers .  craigslist user : ticket sellers `` should be absolutely ashamed of yourselves '' .  seller : `` we live in a capitalist society where money is what really speaks .
 who is robert durst 's wife , debrah lee charatan ? <sec> debrah lee charatan is robert durst 's second wife .  she has n't spoken publicly since his arrest in new orleans .  she told police she met durst in 1988 , six years after his first wife went missin .
 u.s. exercises in poland : what 's the message ? <sec> u.s. deploying paratroopers to poland and other nato states in show of support for atlantic alliance .  the military exercises are in response to russia 's troop presence on the border of ukraine .  are the exercises sending the right message to vladimir putin and u.s. allies ? .  some members of congress say the decision is a good first ste .
 tow vessel pulling disabled freighter to reach alaskan harbor tuesday <sec> new : `` right now , everything is going as planned , '' a coast guard spokesman says .  new : the golden seas is expected to reach dutch harbor on tuesday .  the freighter suffered engine problems off the aleutian islands .  the 738-foot freighter is carrying canola seeds , oil and diese .
 mali coup leader agrees to return power <sec> coup leaders to hand power back to civilian government .  the parties agreed to set up a transition process leading to a presidential election .  the announcement comes after rebels declare independence for territory in northern mali .  the international community had imposed restrictions on mali amid turmoi .
 u.n. report : abuses on both sides of syrian civil war <sec> government forces continue to attack civilians , the u.n. human rights council says .  anti-government groups , it says , also are guilty of murder , torture and hostage-taking .  as the fighting rages , `` it is civilians who continue to pay the price , '' the agency say .
 obit : rip , light bulb <sec> standard incandescent light bulbs will no longer be manufactured .  they 're being replaced by more energy-efficient bulbs .  a standard bulb only puts 10 % of its energy into light , the epa says .  three-way standard lights will still be mad .
 beauty hype : why we buy anyway <sec> beauty ads do n't show the truth , but do women really care ? .  psychologists , cosmetics industry say women know advertisements are misleading .  ads featuring julia roberts , christy turlington were banned in the uk for being retouche .
 turkish pm tayyip erdogan wins presidency <sec> erdogan avoided a runoff by winning more than 52 % of the votes .  erdogan stopped short of declaring victory when he spoke sunday night .  `` we will continue to work for our nation , '' erdogan told a crowd in istanbu .
 george clooney lets wedding details slip <sec> george clooney let a few wedding details slip over the weekend .  the actor revealed he 'll marry amal alamuddin in venice , italy , in a few weeks .  the couple became engaged in the sprin .
 more snow to hit northeast <sec> the trials of aaron hernandez and dzhokhar tsarnaev are delayed .  schools will be closed monday and tuesday in some areas , including boston .  boston has already set a record for the snowiest seven-day period in histor .
 what japanese leaders can learn from the fukushima nuclear crisis <sec> fukushima report says nuclear crisis was a `` man-made disaster '' .  seijiro takeshita : in japan , group-binding rules are very strong .  he says individualism and top down decision-making process are often rejected .  takeshita : can the japanese move away from consensus type of management .
 gadhafi : 'we will not surrender , we will not give up ' <sec> new : at least 31 killed in libya , including civilians , libyan government spokesman says .  gadhafi speaks as his compound is bombarded by nato airstrikes .  `` dead , alive , victorious , it does n't matter , '' he says in vowing to stay until the end .  at least 35 loud explosions are heard around midday in tripol .
 spain 's 7 wonders of the natural world <sec> more than 82,000 votes were cast to pick new natural wonders in spain .  top destinations include biosphere reserves and a cluster of lakes .  campaign 's final stage includes hiring a team of `` explorers '' to go on two-week tri .
 report : no problem with secret service response to colombia scandal <sec> homeland security inspector general 's report made no recommendations .  it is the second report on the april 2012 incident in cartagena .  a previous report found no security breach before president obama 's trip .  a third report is expected to examine the culture of the secret servic .
 united states to face turkey in world basketball finals <sec> the united states beat lithuania 89-74 .  nba star kevin durant scored 17-points in the first eight minutes .  hosts turkey edged serbia 83-82 in a thrilling matc .
 cnn student news transcript - april 26 , 2013 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 seasoned travelers adapt to risk abroad <sec> two weeks in a syrian prison is n't keeping pathik root from traveling abroad .  a tour operator is keeping a close eye on political instability in north africa .  morocco often sees a drop in tourism when there 's violence in neighboring countries .  daily life in mali continues , despite political instabilit .
 how hip hop gives cubans a voice <sec> cuba 's homegrown rap scene is known for its socially conscious lyrics .  rap groups `` doble filo '' and `` los aldeanos '' speak out about life in cuba .  they say hip hop lets them talk about issues ordinary cubans canno .
 va health system leadership ineffective , report says <sec> report on va medical system stems from allegations of shortcomings .  it cites `` significant and chronic systemic failures '' .  report on builds on alarming revelations over past several months .  report was conducted by obama administration aide who assessed va shortcoming .
 opinion : after boston , nothing will change <sec> david frum : after the terror attacks of 9/11 , people said they `` changed everything '' .  he says today 's frozen politics means that the boston bombings wo n't change things .  he says even the newtown killings did n't shift politics enough to widen gun control .  frum : advocates of fiscal austerity are n't admitting their policies are fault .
 donald trump : be bold and buy real estate now <sec> trump advises to take advantage of low prices , get seller to do the financing .  trump : obama rebuilding u.s. reputation ; previous administration was a disaster .  he 's mad about possible higher taxes in new york , says he could move to florida .  trump likes the guy his daughter is dating , but she 's not engage .
 at ground zero of the cuban missile crisis , 50 years later <sec> a small family farm in cuba hosted soviet missiles in 1962 .  a cuban teen found out about emplacement when relocated pigs returned to old farm .  remnants of soviet bunkers still can be seen on the far .
 undocumented immigrant can practice law in california , court rules <sec> california state bar : the decision is a legal one , not a political one .  california 's supreme court : undocumented immigrant sergio garcia can practice law .  `` i 'm glad to see us moving forward in the right direction , '' one law student says .  critic : case shows troubling trend , a push to `` normalize illegal immigration .
 death toll climbs to 5 in bus bombing <sec> a mortar triggered by a cellphone is used in the bombing , investigator says .  the explosion blows a hole through the side of the bus .  makati city is manila 's financial distric .
 militants , pakistani soldier killed in north waziristan <sec> pakistani military launched airstrikes to `` flush out terrorists '' in the area .  one pakistani soldier was killed by an ied .  the operation in northern waziristan began on june 1 .
 as violence returns to yemen protests , president blames foreign plots <sec> new : one protester reportedly killed actually survived a gunshot wound to neck .  yemen 's president says foreign agendas threaten country 's stability .  at least six are wounded from most recent clashes .  saturday marks the ninth consecutive day of protests in yeme .
 friends , neighbors pitch in to help california chicken farm after fire <sec> soul food farm is highly prized by customers , including fine restaurants .  chickens raised there feed in vast fields and live a relatively stress-free existence .  a fire in september 2009 killed more than 1,200 chicks at the farm .  friends got together to raise more than $ 30,000 to help save the far .
 argentine soccer hooligans offered world cup vacation <sec> argentine hooligans are being offered free trips to the world cup in south africa .  the deal is through an ngo who want a reduction in football violence in return .  argentina 's government has been linked but strenuously denies any involvement .  pro-government banners have been visible at recent games in argentin .
 so long 2010 , hello 2012 <sec> contenders for 2012 gop presidential nomination no longer have to keep up a charade .  for those thinking about running , the midterms served as a pregame show .  bigger names say they wo n't decide whether to run until early next yea .
 new hope for somalia , says scholar mp <sec> in september , somalia established its first stable central government in decades . .  professor ahmed ismail samatar says the new president is facing `` heavy challenges '' .  samatar is a professor at macalester college in minnesota , u.s . .  he ran for president in the recent somali elections and is now a member of parliamen .
 ncaa bracket picker 's perfect run ends with syracuse loss <sec> new : illinois man 's bid for perfect bracket ends when dayton wins .  new : brad binder did n't sign up for bracket with big jackpot .  no one is still in running for $ 1 billion for perfect ncaa bracke .
 binging on 'house of cards ' over the weekend ? you were n't alone <sec> valentine day 's weekend was binge time for `` house of cards '' fans .  netflix released all 13 episodes of season two on friday .  even president barack obama requested `` no spoilers '' .  many celebs also tweeted about their love of the hit sho .
 possible lead unearthed in oakland county child killer case <sec> four children , maybe more , were victims of a serial killer in the '70s .  michigan police are looking at car parts buried on farmland .  the parts were discovered during construction for new home .
 how eric cantor can help wall street ( opinion ) <sec> former congressman eric cantor has a new lucrative job at an investment firm .  sheila krumholz : the revolving door to wall street is a fact of life in washington .  she says ex-politicians risk doing a huge disservice to their former constituents .  krumholz : people like cantor are expected to advance private moneyed interest .
 olympic champion fraser tests positive for banned substance <sec> olympic champion fraser has tested positive for the painkilling drug oxycodone .  she says she took the drug to tackle toothache ahead of a race in shanghai in may .  jamaican compatriot asafa powell claims it is `` no big deal '' .  fraser will have her case heard by her jamaican federatio .
 'hillside burglar ' suspect held ; l.a. 's rich relieved <sec> wealthy bel air , beverly hills residents feel cautious relief .  police say troy thomas led gang that stole $ 10m from 150 upscale homes .  thomas in custody , pleads not guilty to felony burglar .
 police : unidentified 'baby justice ' buried in playground sand <sec> boy found friday at alvarado park buried under sand in playground .  police say nobody has been reported missing , nobody has claimed body .  nobody knows name of boy dubbed `` baby justice '' or `` baby angel '' .  no cause of death for boy who may be native american or hispani .
 abductee 's parents finally meet north korean granddaughter <sec> parents of abducted schoolgirl meet their granddaughter and great-granddaughter .  megumi yokota was kidnapped by a north korean agent in 1977 .  abductee issue remains a point of contention for japanese authoritie .
 australian election campaign : gaffes , giggles and groans <sec> five-week election campaign filled with colorful quotes , unfortunate gaffes .  potential leader tony abbott takes the prize for most prolific contributor .  classic quotes also come from the candidate described as having `` sex appeal '' .  others have quit after making poorly-received comments , others are lying lo .
 prince andrew , alan dershowitz deny sex claims <sec> buckingham palace `` emphatically '' denies accusations against prince andrew .  u.s. attorney alan dershowitz calls accusations against him lies , threatens lawsui .
 may day protesters flood streets of europe <sec> greek journalist told cnn that labor day protests in athens were relatively muted this year .  istanbul on citywide shut down . .  riot police gassed and fired water cannons at dozens of demonstrators .  spain and italy -- two countries blighted by the eurozone debt crisis -- have seen street protest .
 man who shot pope released from prison <sec> mehmet ali agca severely wounded the pope in 1981 attack .  pope john paul ii reportedly forgave acga during a 1983 prison visit .  agca was granted clemency by italy , but jailed again for another killin .
 iphone app helps track climate change <sec> new iphone app is helping visitors to swiss alps understand glacier melt .  the jungfrau climate guide app uses audio , video and slide shows .  developed at university of bern the app examines retreat of grindelwald glacier .
 tevez saves city in epl 's longest game <sec> carlos tevez scores only goal as manchester city struggle to 1-0 win over swansea .  match is longest in premier league history after almost 13 extra minutes added on .  lengthy delays caused as both teams lose a player due to injury .  arsenal also bounce back from european defeat , moving up to fourth place with wi .
 china has repatriated north korean defectors , south korean official says <sec> a south korean lawmaker says about 30 defectors may have been sent back .  park sun-young has been fasting to protest china 's policy of sending back defectors .  kim jong un has threatened to kill three generations of defectors ' families , one say .
 u.s. regulators cite alabama nuclear plant <sec> new : the plant 's owner may challenge the nrc citation .  the designation indicates a problem of `` high safety significance '' .  the nrc hits browns ferry with a `` red finding '' over a faulty valve .  the move means closer oversight of the alabama nuclear plan .
 south carolina woman dies during ammonia leak <sec> ammonia leak reported at tanner industries plant in swansea , south carolina .  public safety officials searching area found woman 's body by car .  officials speculate woman turned car around when she encountered plume .  she may have gotten out of car , inhaled fumes , officials sa .
 nun helps moms in prison move past their mistakes <sec> for 25 years , sister teresa fitzgerald has been reaching out to mothers behind bars .  her nonprofit helps the women turn their lives around after their release .  fitzgerald : `` if you do n't get the support and tools , you ca n't give it to your child '' .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations for 2012 cnn heroes close august 3 .
 legendary singer , actress lena horne dead at 92 <sec> she was one of the first african-americans to sign a long-term movie contract .  horne complained she was used as `` window dressing '' in white films .  she was grateful that her world war ii-era films were seen by black and white soldiers .  performing for live audiences was what horne loved mos .
 kerik pleads not guilty in new corruption indictment <sec> bernard kerik is accused of failing to report more than $ 500,000 in income .  kerik is the former new york city police commissioner .  indictment also charges that kerik made false statements to the white house .  a trial date has not been se .
 obama 's change on same-sex marriage comes after voters reach turning point - cnnpolitics.com <sec> gallup and cnn polls in 2011 found the majority of americans supported same-sex marriage .  usually such changes take place over longer blocks of time , a pollster says .  young adults are helping drive the shif .
 second mers case confirmed in netherlands <sec> a second mers case is reported in the netherlands .  the two cases involve family members who traveled together .  there have been 571 confirmed cases of mers , including 171 death .
 why western sanctions against russia could inflame ukraine crisis <sec> robert pape argues economic sanctions against russia would not work .  he argues that while sanctions can hurt a regime , they can not break it .  in many cases , sanctions will make the political situation worse , he say .
 iraq suicide blast kills 36 at funeral in ethnic minority shabak town <sec> at least 36 are killed and 48 injured .  a suicide bomber detonates his explosive vest at a funeral of a shabak member .  shabaks are an ethnic minority who are 65 % shiite and 35 % sunn .
 toy train maker hits the buffers <sec> maerklin toy train firm files for bankruptcy .  company says it failed to secure extension of credit lines from banks .  maerklin generated a turnover of around $ 165 million in 2008 .  company still plans to attend this week 's nuremberg toy fai .
 source : focus on bobbi kristina 's boyfriend nick gordon <sec> source : bobbi kristina brown has injuries that still need to be explained .  the 21-year-old has been in a medically induced coma for a wee .
 body of trapped idaho miner recovered , company says <sec> larry marek , 53 , was trapped when the roof of the mine collapsed .  marek was a 12-year employee of hecla mining company .  the cause of the collapse has not been determine .
 unlocking secrets of bird flight to build flying robots <sec> researchers studying bird flight to help build better flying robots .  ultra slow motion footage reveals secrets of hummingbird flight .  stanford university developing a robot that can fold its wings while flying .  will take decades to fully mimic birds ' complex flight , researchers sa .
 opinion : what gop can learn from cuccinelli 's tanking bid in virginia <sec> john avlon : ken cuccinelli appears too extreme for swing voters in virginia .  democrat terry mcauliffe would be vulnerable against almost any other republican , he says .  avlon : cuccinelli 's candidacy symbolizes trouble gop faces in 2014 , 2016 elections .  the run to the right shows what not to do nationally and in virginia , he say .
 driver drops bid to sue family of boy he killed <sec> spaniard withdraws lawsuit against the family of a boy he struck and killed .  tomas delgado had filed a suit , saying collision had also damaged his car .  news of the case sparked outrage in spain and deep sympathy for the parent .
 obama hits the road to push state of the union message <sec> new : president obama in maryland and pennsylvania on wednesday .  new : obama visits retailer , pushes increase in minimum wage .  republicans complain the president pushes same , tired policie .
 78 injured as indonesian jet breaks in two <sec> merpati airlines jet crashes into canal after skidding on landing in papua .  crash follows two accidents involving merpati aircraft last year .  state-owned merpati is in process of upgrading its aging fleet .  eight hurt as cathay pacific flight makes emergency landing in hong kon .
 u.s. needs 21st century immigration plan <sec> john feinblatt : u.s. immigration system has n't been updated since black and white tv .  feinblatt : today our economy is competing on a global scale for the best and brightest .  he says other nations offer incentives ; we make it hard for workers to get in .  u.s. ca n't fill stem jobs , he says . .  we need to lure workers and entrepreneur .
