 bombs mar early voting in iraq <sec> new : 12 people dead and dozens wounded in series of bomb attacks .  attacks coincide with early voting in iraq 's national election .  security is tight after insurgent groups vowed to disrupt the vote .  vote will install a 325-member parliament and select iraq 's next governmen .
 tanks leave hama 's center , but violence erupts in other syrian cities <sec> new : coalition cites 22 deaths on wednesday .  new : youtube video shows mosque being shelled .  u.s. slaps sanctions on syrian entities .  security forces depart hama , syrian news outlets and a turkish diplomat sa .
 north and south korea inch toward reopening joint complex <sec> north and south korea agree to allow south 's businesses inspect equipment .  kaesong industrial complex suspended after tensions this spring .  koreas agree to further talks on normalizing kaesong operations wednesda .
 texas faces subdued july fourth due to drought <sec> a record-breaking drought has gripped more than 90 % of texas .  wildfires have scorched nearly 3.3 million texas acres since november .  `` temperatures are in the triple digits , and we 're not seeing any relief , '' fire official says .  cities are imposing water restrictions as reservoirs run dr .
 syrians angry after blasts kill dozens of children <sec> group says at least 53 killed -- including 46 children -- in twin explosions in homs .  mourning residents called for the ouster of homs ' governor .  syrian official blasts `` heinous crimes against innocent children , '' state news says .  homs had been a focal point in syria 's civil war but was relatively quiet in recent month .
 review : not much to love in 'the ugly truth ' <sec> `` the ugly truth '' is a romantic comedy starring katherine heigl and gerard butler .  movie bends over backward to accommodate a tired old sexist world view .  film fails to be funny in the proces .
 snowstorm wreaks havoc , barrels east ; metrodome roof collapses <sec> new : airlines cancel hundreds of flights due to high winds , snow and low visibility .  the nfl has moved the giants-vikings game to detroit after the metrodome 's collapse .  wind chills in some places on sunday night could be 30 degrees below zero .  unseasonably cold conditions have prompted warnings as far south as florid .
 naomi campbell 's driver says model assaulted him <sec> male driver , 27 , tells police model naomi campbell struck him in back of neck .  police say she left scene of alleged assault on manhattan 's east side on foot .  police say they would like to question her but do n't know her whereabouts .  campbell spokesman : `` there is more to the story than meets the eye .
 magic messi returns to push barca closer to title <sec> barcelona two points away from league title after sunday 's 4-2 win over real betis .  lionel messi scores twice after barca twice come from behind at camp nou .  messi takes his tally to 60 goals this season , 46 of them in la liga .  barca can wrap up 22nd league title with win over atletico madrid next sunda .
 lawyers arrested protesting pakistan firings <sec> new : lawyers arrested at start of 'long march ' protest to the capital , islamabad .  protesters heading to islamabad to take their case to parliament .  they want judges removed by previous president be restored to office .  president zardari 's party had vowed to reinstate judges after winning electio .
 gop hits south dakota with first in $ 1 million ad buy <sec> the gop launched its first of $ 1 million in tv ad days after democrats announced a similar buy . .  the spot ties the leading independent and democratic candidates to each other . .  the dscc 's $ 1 million investment will go to attacking gop hopeful mike rounds .
 after nearly 3 years , casey anthony to stand trial in daughter 's death <sec> opening statements are set for tuesday .  anthony is accused of killing her 2-year-old daughter caylee .  if convicted , she could face the death penalty .  a jury was seated friday in another florida count .
 california cop placed on leave in wake of third brutality allegation <sec> officer kenton hampton is accused of brutality in three arrest cases , an attorney says .  hampton is placed on paid leave , a police spokesman announces friday .  the third allegation was made friday by a 27-year-old man who says he was falsely arrested .  one of the three cases involves the death this summer of kelly thomas , a homeless ma .
 roddick serves up semifinal upset with victory over nadal <sec> andy roddick reaches final in miami , coming from behind to beat fourth seed rafael nadal .  american sixth seed triumphs 4-6 6-3 6-3 as he seeks to follow up title from 2004 .  he will face tomas berdych in sunday 's final after czech upset fifth seed robin soderling .  the 16th seed followed up his fourth-round triumph over world no . .  1 roger federe .
 rains soak southern plains after suspected tornado touchdown in texas <sec> flash floods are possible in texas , louisiana , oklahoma and arkansas .  rain amounts of up to 10 inches are possible , forecasters say .  a woman says winds ripped the roof off her bar , though no one was hurt .  a suspected twister touched down monday . .  in a rural part of south-central texa .
 air leak delays shuttle discovery 's last mission <sec> new : weather experts predict 70 percent chance of good launch weather .  engineers expect it will take a day to fix the air leak .  the discovery could launch on tuesday .  nasa will retire the discovery after it 's november missio .
 suspect sought in fatal phoenix office shooting <sec> one of three shooting victims dies of injuries , phoenix police say .  other two victims have non-life-threatening injuries , police say .  police identify suspect as arthur douglas harmon , 70 , last seen in a white ki .
 congress hits beach , aviation workers hit unemployment lines <sec> 4,000 aviation workers are being furloughed because congress has n't approved faa funding .  thousands of other workers are also affected because of the failure to pass legislation .  an faa engineer from atlanta says , `` congress does n't care about me at all '' .  an faa employee from seattle calls the failure to pass a bill a `` clear attack on middle america .
 roger goodell , start respecting women ( opinion ) <sec> cnn reporter rachel nichols calls out roger goodell at a press conference .  roxanne jones : the nfl 's future depends on women ; goodell and others should show respec .
 barcelona in shock defeat at hands of minnows hercules <sec> newly promoted hercules beat barcelona 2-0 .  bayer leverkusen held to a 2-2 draw by a 10-man hanover .  hamburg drew 1-1 at home to nurember .
 google expands its cloud-computing offerings with 'drive ' <sec> google rolls out 'google drive ' cloud service tuesday .  users will get 5gb of storage for free , more for a monthly fee .  the service will compete with apple , microsoft and services like dropbo .
 'pokemon ' still catching 'em all on nintendo 3ds <sec> `` pokemon x '' and `` pokemon y '' are the franchise 's first games for the nintendo 3ds .  the games sold 4 million copies in their first two days .  pokemon president says games were designed for both new and seasoned players .  a new `` pokemon bank '' will let players move creatures from game to gam .
 fox cancels 'terra nova ' <sec> fox has cancelled prehistoric dino drama `` terra nova '' after one season .  studio 20th century fox tv will be shopping the series to other networks .  from what we hear , fox higher-ups were n't too fond of the sho .
 amid protests , obama backs 'right to choose ' on roe anniversary <sec> obama : `` government should not intrude on our most private family matters '' .  obama released statement on roe anniversary while protesters descended on mall .  rally organizer to obama : stop intentional killing '' of unborn babies .  former president bush typically spoke by phone to rally each yea .
 militants hit police station in nigeria 's north <sec> attacks on police stations are becoming commonplace .  police say the islamist group boko haram was behind the attack .  the group has been blamed for a wave of violenc .
 high court rejects appeals on public prayers , student speech <sec> two forsyth county , north carolina , residents objected to board meeting prayers .  the supreme court lets a lower court ruling in their favor stand .  the high court also let stand rulings favoring students who posted onlin .
 airline dumps shark 's fin cargo <sec> air new zealand suspends shark 's fin cargo after complaints by environmental groups .  cathay pacific suspended shark 's fin cargo in 2012 .  approximately 72 million sharks are killed each year for their fin .
 sporting crushed 12-1 on aggregate <sec> bayern munich inflict a record 12-1 aggregate defeat on sporting lisbon .  surpassed lyon 's 10-2 post-group demolition of werder bremen in 2005 .  bayern triumphed 7-1 on the night having won the first leg 5-0 in portuga .
 diplomatic gears moving as new ukrainian government takes shape <sec> new : putin `` is trying to find a pretext '' to intervene , member of parliament says .  opposition leader vitali klitschko says he will run for president .  acting president turchinov delays appointing an interim unity government until thursday .  russian foreign minister warns eu not to try to turn ukraine against russi .
 gunmen attack corinthia hotel in libya <sec> libyan branch of isis claims responsibility ; names attackers .  libyan spokesman says death toll is at least 10 people at hotel and two attackers .  siege is over and the gunmen are dead , hotel company spokesman says .  an american security contractor is among the dead , his company say .
 belugas trapped in icy arctic waters at risk of death <sec> more than 100 belugas are trapped in ice floes off the bering sea .  unless the whales are rescued soon , they could die from suffocation or starvation .  local authorities have sought help from mosco .
 chinese agency downgrades u.s. credit rating <sec> grade of a is much lower than those of `` big three '' western agencies .  dagong chairman says both democrats , republicans were irresponsible .  `` our downgrade simply reflects reality '' .  privately held agency was founded in 199 .
 green blunder costs england victory against u.s . <sec> england and united states draw 1-1 in their group c opener in rustenburg .  steven gerrard gives england the lead after only four minutes .  a goalkeeping error by robert green allows clint dempsey to equalize for u.s .
 stylish cool in scandinavia 's floating city <sec> from artfully designed cafes to baroque buildings , stockholm exudes cool .  the island city has dubbed itself the capital city of scandinavia .  city blossoms in the summer when temperatures rise and sun barely sets .  influx of immigrants has added new dimension to city 's gastronomic scen .
 6 reasons to love atlanta <sec> look beyond downtown atlanta for the secrets of this vibrant southern city .  dining is a standout pastime with celebrity-chef driven spots and no-frills local favorites .  atlanta has played a huge role in the evolution of hip-ho .
 ferrari back on form in shanghai practice <sec> fernando alonso posts second fastest time in shanghai practice .  new ferrari team boss marco mattiacci wants to make the most of team 's `` talents '' .  leading team mercedes first and third fastest in another strong session .  defending champion red bull improves to take fourth and fift .
 universal cellphone charger will ring the changes , say makers <sec> the gsma represents more than 750 of the world 's cell-phone operators .  plan is that majority of new models will have micro-usb charger by january 2012 .  an estimated 1.2 billion cell phones sold in 2008 , at least half replacement handset .
 secure border initiative to undergo overhaul <sec> secure border initiative funds will be diverted to proven technology .  sbinet was intended to help customs and border protection agents respond to intruders .  napolitano says sbinet has been `` plagued with cost overruns and missed deadlines .
 economic uptick plays key role in health care debate <sec> president obama says health care overhaul , economic recovery go hand in hand .  economists point to some signs economy is recovering .  better economy may ease push to overhaul health care , some observers say .  health care failed under president clinton in '90s , took back burner on the agend .
 iranian jury finds reuters guilty of lies in 'ninjas ' report <sec> reuters admitted in february a video story erred in calling women assassins in training .  the story involved thousands of women practicing to be ninjas .  a jury found the news agency 's bureau chief guilty .  judge will rule on guilt or innocence in octobe .
 ryanair accused of unfair advertising <sec> budget airline ryanair faces investigation from britain 's office of fair trading .  irish low-cost carrier has been accused of misleading and unfair advertising .  uk advertising authority referred ryanair due to ongoing breaches of its code .  ryanair says it is being victimized by advertising standards authorit .
 germany asked to stop castrating sex criminals <sec> the council of europe says surgical castration may qualify as `` degrading treatment '' .  the procedure is voluntary for sex offenders in germany .  the czech republic is the only other member of the council of europe to perform the procedur .
 australian open : size does n't matter for dominika cibulkova <sec> dominika cibulkova beats agnieszka radwanska to reach a first grand slam final .  cibulkova crushes radwanska 6-1 6-2 in an hour and 10 minutes to advance .  at 5-foot-3 , she would become the joint shortest grand slam singles winner in the open era .  li na disposes of eugenie bouchard to achieve a third australian open fina .
 obama tours storm-battered new york <sec> obama designates hud secretary to be point person for new york storm recovery effort .  gas rationing will end friday in nassau and suffolk county .  households without power across new york down to about 4,000 , officials sa .
 mars rover mission 's 'mohawk guy ' inspires obama <sec> president barack obama congratulates nasa scientists on mars rover landing .  the rover landed 1.5 miles from its target on august 6 .  the rover eventually will head to mount sharp .  obama jokes he 's considering getting a mohawk after `` mohawk guy .
 unruly jetblue pilot found not guilty by reason of insanity <sec> judge found the pilot had committed the offense of interfering with a flight crew .  she judged him not guilty by reason of insanity ; he was taken to a low-security prison .  clayton frederick osbon began behaving erratically during a march 27 flight .  he was restrained by passengers and the flight was diverted to amarillo , texa .
 anti-terror journalist is latest victim of libya killings <sec> muftah buzeid frequently spoke against islamic extremism .  recent campaign of killings has targeted security forces , journalists , judges .  outrage over deaths likely to grow support for general 's anti-terrorism campaig .
 two boomers , passions and retirement <sec> tedesco and fernandez are two baby boomers who are doing what they love .  both are driven by a work ethic that might stem from being part of the baby boomer generation .  tedesco does n't have retirement like fernandez , but neither want to stop workin .
 mobs storm newspapers in baghdad <sec> a story about shiite cleric mahmud al-sarkhi angered supporters .  it claimed al-sarkhi plans to wrest control of the religious authority in karbala .  u.n. mission in iraq calls attacks `` unacceptable under any circumstances '' .  a spokesman for al-sarkhi says his office had nothing to do with the assault .
 do n't clone a neanderthal baby <sec> arthur caplan : it would be unethical to try and clone a neanderthal baby .  caplan : downsides include a good chance of producing a baby that is seriously deformed .  he says the future belongs to what we can do to genetically engineer and control microbes .  caplan : microbes can make clean fuel , suck up carbon dioxide , clean fat out of arterie .
 911 text messaging service coming in 2014 <sec> the top four u.s. wireless carriers have agreed to support text-to-911 by 2014 .  the announcement was made today by the fcc .  until the system is running , people will receive bounce-back message .
 from bullet holes to brazil : edin dzeko 's new chapter for bosnia <sec> bosnia-herzegovina will play at the world cup for the first time in its short history .  first major tournament the team has played at since gaining independence in 1992 .  manchester city striker edin dzeko is the biggest star in a team .  bosnia will play in group f , alongside argentina , nigeria and ira .
 strauss-kahn , accuser settle civil lawsuit <sec> the former imf head settles a lawsuit filed by his accuser .  the lawsuit sought unspecified damages .  nafissatou diallo said he tried to force himself on her in his luxury new york hotel suite .  dominique strauss-kahn said the encounter was consensua .
 bruno mars ' mother dies of a brain aneurysm <sec> bruno mars was just 4 when he began performing as an elvis impersonator .  mars grew up in hawaii and moved to los angeles to write songs .  it 's not clear whether his scheduled tour will be affected by his mom 's deat .
 the dangers of satire around the world <sec> cnn revisits work of satirists who have faced violence , imprisonment or exile .  kudzanai chiurai is living in self-imposed exile for his own safety , remong wang faced state censorshi .
 inspectors ignored fda guidance before listeria outbreak , report finds <sec> the september listeria outbreak killed 30 people .  the fda traced the outbreak to a colorado farm .  inspectors hired by the farm ignored fda guidance , a new report finds .  the company told investigators it followed fda rule .
 venezuela elections : wives of jailed opposition politicians win votes <sec> the local election victories are significant symbolic triumphs for venezuela 's opposition .  patricia gutierrez de ceballos says the votes were sentences of justice and freedom .  her husband was arrested after authorities said he failed to stop anti-government protests .  `` the people will remain peacefully in the streets , '' rosa brandonisio de scarano say .
 kentucky tornado cut 95-mile trench , weather service says <sec> high-intensity tornadoes are rarely on the ground for more than a few miles .  a twister that hit west liberty , kentucky , stayed on the ground for 95 miles .  two other tornadoes left behind 49-mile paths of destruction .  last week 's tornadoes killed 41 people across 10 state .
 iranian-americans say history is at hand <sec> some iranians-americans believe the islamic republic possibly is eroding .  protests in iran continue after disputed presidential election .  tensions between iran 's clergy could be a reason for the unrest , analyst says .  iranian-americans say they hope more freedom is result of unres .
 australian man faces 500 lashes in saudi arabia for blasphemy <sec> new : saudi spokesman says there is an appeal process that can be used .  australian mansor almaribe , 45 , was found guilty of blasphemy .  family members say they are worried about his health .  australian ambassador `` has urgently contacted saudi authorities .
 five things to know about guns <sec> obama is seeking to fund work into how to stop gun violence .  the nra says such research is not necessary .  for the first time , protection outranks hunting as a reason to own gun .
 5 americans killed in afghanistan helicopter crash <sec> new : a u.s. official says those killed were americans .  crash happens in southern afghanistan on monday .  military says there was no enemy activity in the area .  there have been 18 coalition deaths in 201 .
 as city cutbacks cause police layoffs , bullets in night claim young mother 's life <sec> in cash-strapped newark , more than 160 police officers were cut from the force in 2010 .  analysts say the trend is n't unique -- several cities have cut police forces to save money .  meanwhile , violent crime rates soared 18 % nationwide last year .  in newark , one senseless street shooting puts the statistics into terms of human traged .
 idaho smokejumper dies in parachuting accident <sec> 40-year-old mark urban died in an accident in idaho , officials say .  urban was with the great basin smokejumper program for 11 years . .  urban was a `` very experienced '' smokejumper , according to blm spokesperson . .  it 's believed urban 's parachute malfunctioned , officials sa .
