 wi-fi , instagram walls and turntables : how hotels are courting millennials <sec> millennials will soon account for half of all business flights .  to cater to this segment , hotel chains are building entirely new brands .  instagram walls , social media concierges and iphone keys are newest hotel amenities .  some think airbnb although a notable upstart in the market , does n't threaten traditional hotel chain .
 college credit hours are a waste of money ( opinion ) <sec> is american higher education worth the price ? .  are students and their families getting what they 're paying for ? .  amy laitinen : the big problem is that we measure education in terms of time , rather than learnin .
 new facebook features exposed in accidental update <sec> facebook accidentally went live with a handful of prototype features .  users temporarily saw pages get a temporary facelift with a tab-free design .  users also reported having access to a new `` memories '' option listed below photo .
 nasa 's second moon probe reaches lunar orbit <sec> nasa 's grail-b space probe slipped into lunar orbit sunday afternoon .  its companion probe arrived saturday after a nearly four-month voyag .
 scientists try to keep centenarians on their toes <sec> $ 80m research project launched aimed at giving people 50 active years after 50 .  half of babies born in western countries today will live until 100 years old .  leeds university projects aims to ensure people remain active into old age .  scientists believe many body parts that flounder with age could be upgrade .
 auto bailout bill dies in senate <sec> new : bailout bill killed for year , but automakers still might get money .  sources : bush officials said if no compromise , wall street bailout will be used .  bill killed after compromise talks between republicans , democrats collapse .  `` there 's too much difference between the two sides , '' sen. harry reid say .
 prayers , songs for nelson mandela at services in south africa <sec> new : official : 70 heads of state are coming to south africa to honor nelson mandela .  churchgoers in soweto celebrate nelson mandela 's legacy .  services are held nationwide on a day of remembrance for mandela .  a state funeral will be held december 1 .
 fox stages 'that '70s show ' reunion <sec> ashton kutcher will join mila kunis for a `` that '70s show '' reunion .  the reunion will take place during fox 's 25th anniversary special .  gillian anderson , david duchovny and `` x-files '' creator will reunit .
 u2 's bono injured , needs surgery , band 's site says <sec> u2 's website says bono was injured and needs surgery .  the singer had `` a cycling spill in central park , '' the website says .  the band calls off its scheduled appearances on the tonight sho .
 giffords finishes 'congress on your corner ' event before resigning <sec> new : rep. gabrielle giffords tours an area food bank .  new : `` she 'll be back and i 'll be voting for her , '' says an arizona resident .  she completes her `` congress on your corner , '' in tucson .  giffords , 41 , was shot in the head in january 2011 in a rampage that left six dea .
 rock and roll hall of fame to remove alan freed 's ashes <sec> an urn with freed 's ashes is moved from its spot at the cleveland museum friday .  his son says the museum is `` disrespectful '' to his father 's legacy as a rock 'n ' roll pioneer .  `` we are conscious of his important role and will continue to honor him , '' hall director says .  ashes are being removed just days after the museum opens a beyonce exhibi .
 the artist of the waves <sec> ru hill trained in fine art in london .  however , his heart was in surfing and he opened a surf retreat in costa rica .  he says following a passion is important , but it has to make financial sens .
 sutter : how to end child poverty in america ( opinion ) <sec> john sutter : child poverty in the united states is n't inevitable ; it 's a choice .  he presents four policy solutions he says would help end this scourg .
 romney again turns attention to obama after nevada win <sec> in victory speech , romney again focuses on obama rather than rivals .  gingrich says he 's in race for the duration and predicts he 'll be competitive .  rep. ron paul and former sen. rick santorum looking ahead to other contest .
 can jose mourinho become 'the stable one ' at chelsea ? <sec> jose mourinho says he is looking for stability as he returns to chelsea after six years away .  portuguese coach insists he did not have a bad relationship with owner roman abramovich .  he is hoping to see out the whole four years of his contract with english premier league club .  says he will not be obsessed about winning champions league for the third tim .
 church : 10 cuban dissidents , including nobel nominee , to be released <sec> new : dissident : `` this is a victory for all the cuban people '' .  dr. oscar elias biscet gonzalez is to be freed from a cuban prison , the catholic church says .  nine others will also be released , going on to live in exile in spain .  gonzalez was nominated for a nobel peace price for his championing of human right .
 she danced for dr. mengele in auschwitz <sec> edith eva eger was taken to auschwitz when she was 16 .  dr. mengele , the `` angel of death , '' had prisoners entertain him .  long after auschwitz was liberated , eger still finds joy in danc .
 dreaming of a climate bailout <sec> how much would $ 700 billion help climate change mitigation and adaptation ? .  greenpeace spokesman says $ 700 billion would `` give us a good head start '' .  u.s. economist says gains would be `` extraordinary '' compared to doing nothin .
 chinese broadcaster sorry for deadly hotel fire <sec> cctv : staffers overseeing new tv complex hired people to set off firecrackers .  it added that this was done outside the building without prior approval .  blaze engulfed neighboring hotel during final hours of new year celebrations .  modern , angular building is a symbol of beijing 's modernizatio .
 espn 's britt mchenry caught on camera in ugly incident <sec> # firebrittmchenry has become a popular hashtag on twitter .  britt mchenry is a reporter for the sports network , and she is based in washington .  she apologized on twitter for losing control of her emotions , not taking the high roa .
 world 's smartest cruise ship quantum <sec> quantum of the seas cost nearly $ 1 billion to build and is billed the world 's smartest cruise ship .  robots make your drinks , you can take out a surfboard on deck and surf the web at speed .  the company behind it , royal caribbean , believe it is `` winning cruise wars .
 texas judge : remove brain-dead woman from ventilator , other machines <sec> judge orders hospital to remove woman from ventilator , respirator .  hospital agrees woman brain dead since november 28 , fetus not viable , court papers say .  family wants her taken off respirator , ventilator so they can take her body and bury it .  fort worth hospital had said it was following state law by keeping her on ventilato .
 iranian pastor faces death for rape , not apostasy - report <sec> new : iranian official calls nadarkhani `` rapist ... guilty of security-related crimes '' .  new : official says iran does n't execute people because of their religion .  nadarkhani got death sentence for rape and extortion .  he is the leader of a network of house churches in ira .
 study : puerto rico 's children mired in poverty that dwarfs rest of u.s . <sec> researcher : `` the children of puerto rico are facing really great difficulties '' .  community leaders say children face poverty , pollution .  640,000 families in puerto rico receive food stamps , according to the government .  puerto rico 's poverty rate is about 45 % , three times the national u.s. figur .
 motogp : marc marquez in showdown with jorge lorenzo for world title <sec> marc marquez seeking to be first rookie to win motorcycling 's premier title since 1978 .  the 20-year-old has a 13-point lead over defending motogp champion jorge lorenzo .  they will battle head-to-head in sunday 's final race of 2013 season at valencia .  fellow spaniard dani pedrosa won last season 's event at the circuit ricardo torm .
 mahmoud reda : egypt 's answer to fred astaire <sec> egyptian legend mahmoud reda celebrating 50 years of his dance troupe . .  reda 's universal appeal is often compared with fred astaire or gene kelly .  the 79-year-old has helped spread the popularity of arabic dance across the world .
 vegan on the road : central europe <sec> central europe might not seem like a hotbed of vegan options , but it is .  apps like happy cow and gogobot led the author off the beaten path .  vegetables are n't just an afterthought at these restaurants ; they 're the star .  options range from street snacks to high-end dinin .
 apple splits its pitch : can it work ? <sec> apple has launched two new iphones , one for early adopters and one for budget crowd .  tech journalist stuart miles says apple is staying within its remit of keeping things simple .  most importantly , the company is expanding in new markets like china and japa .
 cnn student news - october 1 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 rebels still hold key town in mali , french defense minister says <sec> french airstrikes hit behind islamist rebel lines while troops bolster bamako , minister says .  france now has about 800 troops on the ground , the french defense minister says .  nigeria says it 's sending 190 troops in the next 24 hours , with 700 more in coming days .  world and regional powers are concerned about the advance of islamist militant .
 miley cyrus will star in her own 'mtv unplugged ' <sec> the announcement was made monday night .  `` unplugged '' is a 25-year-old mtv franchise .  the show will air jan. 2 .
 10 years after crash , nascar still coping with earnhardt 's death <sec> stock car racing legend dale earnhardt died february 18 , 2001 .  crew chief : `` dale earnhardt was to nascar what elvis presley was to rock-and-roll '' .  nascar.com 's earnhardt tribute includes photos , memories , and reflections on his legac .
 what if justices let states make immigration policy ? <sec> tamar jacoby : in recent years many states have taken issue of immigration into their own hands .  she says when supreme court rules on sb 1070 it will be making a judgment on federalism .  she says states that have tried pragmatic approaches run up against federal immigration law .  jacoby : sb 1070 should fall , but if not , ruling should let states experiment on immigration polic .
 accused somali pirate arraigned in u.s. court <sec> indictment alleges eight counts that carry life sentence .  defense granted time to conduct its own investigation .  judge ruled earlier that piracy suspect will be tried as an adult .  abduwali abdukhadir muse has been identified as leader of ship hijackin .
 pirates release 12 kidnapped sailors off nigeria 's coast <sec> new : gunmen release their 12 hostages .  attack on german-flagged ship takes place friday off bonny island .  one sailor is wounded in the attack .  pirates had abandoned shi .
 pharmacists not participating in lethal injection <sec> the american pharmacists association passed a new policy banning members from participating in lethal injections .  pharmacists say role as health care providers conflicts with participation in lethal injection .  the pharmacy association first adopted a policy against lethal injection in 198 .
 the best thing i 've done for my son <sec> lz granderson accidentally engaged in good parenting by giving his son a debit card .  lz 's son , in control of his money , compared prices , went to sales , returned stuff .  now lz 's son understands how you must conserve money and spend wisely .  lz says parents need to speak truthfully to their kids about household finances , mone .
 indiana police wait for identification on a body found in creek <sec> an autopsy is expected to be performed tuesday , according to cnn affiliates .  bloomington police say there is not enough information to identify the body .  police are searching for lauren spierer , 20 , who disappeared june 2 .  investigators have not been able to make any progres .
 rights group : u.n. operation causes 1,400 deaths in congo <sec> congo is rich in natural resources but most people live in poverty due to the conflict .  congo forces battling rwandan hutu rebels who fled to congo after rwandan genocide .  attacks include chopping civilians to death with machetes , slitting throats of others .  a u.n. peacekeeping mission , known as monuc , backing the congolese operatio .
 ntsb : selfies likely caused colorado plane crash <sec> investigators found gopro camera near crash site .  files taken from the camera showed selfies taken in ai .
 police : gunman wielded ak-47 inside georgia school ; no one injured <sec> suspect was arrested in march on suspicion of `` terrorist threats and acts '' .  police say michael brandon hill , 20 , faces aggravated assault charges .  witness to cnn affiliate wsb : shooter said `` he was not afraid to die '' .  shooter was armed with an ak-47 `` and a number of other weapons , '' police sa .
 obama finds support among chavez faithful in caracas <sec> hugo chavez endorsed obama , calling him a 'good guy ' .  venezuela-u.s. relations have been rocky for more than a decade .  romney 's harder stance on chavez appeals to venezuelan opposition .  america remains venezuela 's biggest oil marke .
 f1 's memorable last-race title deciders <sec> f1 has seen some memorable title deciders at the final race of the season .  michael schumacher involved in two controversial collisions , in 1994 and 1997 .  last year 's championship was the first three-way title fight since 198 .
 bus bomb investigation raises pressure on eu to outlaw hezbollah <sec> bulgaria announces that hezbollah was behind a fatal attack in july .  five israeli tourists were killed in the bomb blast in burgas , bulgaria .  the united states and israel urge the european union to label hezbollah a terror group .  a u.s. official notes a growing international campaign of terror attacks by hezbolla .
 love and marriage are not the same thing <sec> lz granderson : religious views of marriage as a lifetime commitment are outmoded .  most young americans say premarital sex is morally acceptable .  he says long-term relationships are great but should n't be enforced by society 's pressure .  granderson : people who have no plans to marry can still have real and loving relationship .
 militants in afghanistan kill at least 12 <sec> taliban claims responsibility for attack that killed at least 8 people in ghazni .  4 killed when car laden with explosives rams a military convoy in helmand province .  civilian deaths in afghanistan have surged due to improvised explosive devices , u.n. says .  gunmen shot a convoy of fuel trucks , killing 6 drivers in farah province on tuesda .
 romney 's other 47 % problem <sec> harvey sapolsky , benjamin friedman : our annual military budget is large .  sapolsky , friedman : mitt romney should suggest less military spending on our allies .  they say our allies are rich enough to defend themselves instead of relying on the u.s . .  sapolsky , friedman : lower military costs will mean more savings for u.s. taxpayer .
 51 hostages rescued in mexican border city , government says <sec> federal police rescued 51 hostages in reynosa , mexico .  they rescued another 68 hostages last week .  the area is the site of a war between rival drug cartel .
 man must choose between selling kidney or child <sec> a law passed in late 2007 bans selling organs for money .  still , many poor pakistanis have no choice but to sell their kidneys .  at one time , there were about 2,000 transplants a years .  law aims to end pakistan 's status as one of the world 's leading organ bazaar .
 obama meets with russian gay rights advocates <sec> president barack obama is in st. petersburg , russia , for the g20 summit meeting .  he has criticized a russian law limiting public discussion of gay rights .  the u.s. and russia also disagree on issues such as syria and edward snowden .  obama and vladimir putin briefly exchanged words on thursda .
 u.s. declares victory over cali cartel <sec> cali cartel was once the biggest drug-trafficking organization in the world .  treasury removed more than 300 people and companies from financial sanctions list .  treasury official : `` it 's a very significant thing to take down a cartel .
 made-in-china superyachts reflect changing tide of economy <sec> chinese ship builder hopes to create super yacht brand .  yachts cost a third of international brands like azimut and sunseeker .  move reflects china 's changing industrial base .  yachting industry may be limited by taxes , regulation and lack of marina .
 mgm defends safety practices after lion attack caught on tape <sec> a trainer was bitten in the leg by a lion at the mgm grand exhibit .  he was treated and released from the hospital , mgm says .  the resort company is defending safety measures at the popular attractio .
 ex-kabul bank chiefs slapped with prison sentences , huge fines <sec> two former kabul bank officials are sentenced to five years in prison .  they must pay $ 278 million and $ 530 million to a recovery fund for victims .  19 others face sentences of between six months and four years .  the bank was intended to help alleviate concerns about corruptio .
 opinion : a victory for the morning-after pill <sec> administration stopped fighting to put age limits on buying morning-after pill plan b .  aaron carroll : plan b prevents pregnancy but does not end it , and is safe and easy to use .  arguments debunked , he says : girls use it correctly , and it does n't cause promiscuity .  carroll : by dropping its campaign , administration sides with science , not politic .
 customs agents charged with smuggling at jfk airport <sec> dea says two agents regularly accepted and solicited bribes .  they and four others allegedly smuggled illegal contraband and drugs .  investigation has led to the indictment and prosecution of more than 20 people .  arrests follow a lengthy investigation by state and federal authoritie .
 amid clashes , bangladesh enters 2nd day of strike <sec> clashes in different parts of the country kill 21 people on sunday .  the unrest flared after an islamist leader was sentenced to death .  war crimes proceedings have fueled tensions in the south asian nation .  a human rights group warns of the risk of `` uncontrolled violence .
 chrisette michele shocked at no . 1 standing <sec> chrisette michele 's album `` epiphany '' debuted at no . .  1 earlier in may .  michele has earned comparisons to billie holiday ; she admires ella fitzgerald .  singer reluctant to give up songwriting duties , but enjoyed working with ne-y .
 30 armed militants killed in afghanistan <sec> militants killed during a fight with troops in gereshk district of helmand province .  afghan soldiers had been conducting combat reconnaissance .  militants fired at the troops with small-arms and rocket-propelled grenades .  australian soldier killed by an improvised explosive device in southern afghanista .
 mental health help : where to turn <sec> mental health professionals : one in four u.s. adults suffer from mental disorders .  people often do n't know where to turn , but experts say resources are available to hel .
 by the numbers : guns in america <sec> 60 % -- americans who supported a handgun ban in 1959 .  25 % -- americans who supported a handgun ban in 2013 .  20,947,258 - fbi firearm background checks in 201 .
 controversies key in gingrich 's rise and fall <sec> gingrich used ethics issues to bring down his foes .  but ethics problems also helped bring down gingrich .  gingrich 's time in washington both a plus and minus for him , analysts sa .
 orbiting astronaut welcomes daughter 's birth <sec> abigail mae bresnik was born saturday night as her astronaut dad orbited earth .  randy bresnik is part of space shuttle atlantis crew currently at space station .  bresnik and another astronaut spend sunday preparing for monday spacewalk .  bresnik says he 's sorry not to see baby `` in person right when she enters the world .
 thai locals arrested over rihanna instagram photo <sec> two thais arrested after rihanna posts instagram photo of endangered loris in phuket .  illegal to charge tourists money to take photos with the endangered primates .  rihanna also tweets about visit to bizarre thailand sex show .
