 'rising star ' on abc : what 's verdict on singing show ? <sec> new singing competition `` rising star '' debuted sunday on abc .  it features josh groban , ludacris , kesha and brad paisley as judges .  some critics have been harsh ; the premiere ratings have room to gro .
 al qaeda-linked group in syria denounces pro-democracy rebels <sec> the islamic state of iraq and syria says democracy conflicts with islamic teachings .  it says rebels it ousted from azaz , syria , were cooperating with westerners .  the syrian national coalition says isis `` no longer fights the assad regime .
 from dashing spy to vogue fashion illustrator <sec> brian stonehouse was a british spy in wwii .  he was arrested in 1942 and survived three prisons and five concentration camps .  stonehouse later emigrated to america and became a top fashion illustrator for vogue magazin .
 dozens of chinese crime suspects deported from angola <sec> the 37 suspects were allegedly involved in a series of crimes , including kidnapping .  authorities rescued 14 chinese victims , who were sent home on the same flight .  they allegedly lured women to angola with promises of job .
 world champion swimmer dale oen dies suddenly <sec> norwegian swimmer alexander dale oen dies suddenly at the age of 26 .  dale oen was on at a training camp in flagstaff , arizona when he collapsed .  swimmer was the world 100-meter breaststroke champion and olympic silver medalis .
 semenya selected for commonwealth games <sec> south africa has named caster semenya in their squad for the 2010 commonwealth games .  the women 's world 800 meter champion returned from a iaaf ban in july .  fellow athletes have criticized the 19-year-old 's return despite gender test .
 autopsy shows inmate in botched execution died from ivs <sec> clayton lockett died 43 minutes after first attempt at sticking needles in his veins .  botched execution reignited debate over appropriateness of lethal injection as capital punishment .  lawyer for death row inmates says autopsy did n't get answer for what went wrong .  oklahoma will release full findings of investigation into execution next wee .
 champions league : bayern munich defeats manchester city <sec> bayern munich defeats manchester city 1-0 .  jerome boateng scores 89th minute winner .  barcelona defeats apoel 1-0 at camp nou .  chelsea held to 1-1 draw by schalk .
 report : amazon working on a 3d phone <sec> a new report says amazon is making two smartphones -- one of them in 3d .  company also supposedly making music streaming , tv set-top devices .  amazon did not respond to questions about the repor .
 udinese stun liverpool at anfield while inter cruise in azerbaijan <sec> italian side udinese stun english premier league club liverpool 3-2 at anfield .  goals from antonio di natale and giovanni pasquale help italians to victory .  newcastle beat bordeaux , while tottenham are held at panathinaikos .  inter milan defeat neftchi , and holders atletico madrid win 1-0 against viktoria plze .
 first nation makes broadband access a legal right <sec> minister : reasonably priced broadband connection will be everyone 's basic right in finland .  finland is one of the world 's most wired nations , corporations include telecommunications giant nokia .  european union : 80 per cent of broadband lines in eu have download speeds of two mbs-plu .
 myanmar 's vice president resigns for health reasons <sec> myanmar 's first vice president resigns for health reasons .  officials have not said what illness he has .  military members of parliament will choose a new vice presiden .
 liza minnelli enters rehab facility for substance abuse treatment <sec> minnelli won an academy award for her performance in `` cabaret '' .  she has struggled with addictions to alcohol and painkillers in the pas .
 report : china , u.s. in top 5 for executions worldwide <sec> china is believed to have executed several thousand people last year , amnesty international says .  the united states executed 43 prisoners across nine states in 2012 .  three middle eastern countries -- iran , iraq and saudi arabia -- also were in the top five .  globally , a downward trend in the death penalty continues , amnesty international say .
 murder or suicide ? singapore inquest on u.s. engineer 's death <sec> singapore is holding an inquest whether a u.s. engineer 's death was correctly ruled a suicide .  shane todd was found hung in his apartment before his planned departure home to the u.s . .  his parents contend singapore police ignored evidence that suggests he may have been murdered .  singapore police says that todd 's computer showed a search for suicide techniques before his deat .
 5 states in 7 days bonding over whiskey and a shared love of writing <sec> indie writers launch self-funded fast-paced book tour of the south to promote work .  tour shows there 's still an audience for small press lit in era of blockbuster novels .  women on southern summer comfort book tour shared car , hotel rooms , beds .  `` to take ourselves too seriously would be kind of embarrassing , '' writer say .
 new zealand outrage over 'roast busters ' online boasts of teen rape <sec> teenage boys in new zealand have boast online about raping drunken underage girls .  nz police say they 're unable to file charges because there 's no formal complaint .  alleged victims are said to be traumatized by their ordeal which dates back to 2011 .  boys call themselves `` roast busters '' in online posts , video .
 karl eikenberry , obama 's man in afghanistan <sec> eikenberry retired from the army after nearly 40 years of service .  military career included time in kabul as chief of office of military cooperation .  he advised u.s. secretary of defense on china , taiwan , hong kong and mongoli .
 nadal : titles mean more than being no . 1 <sec> world no . .  1 rafael nadal seeking to win his third title on the grass at wimbledon .  he retained his ranking after claiming a record-equaling sixth french open crown .  nadal says paris semifinalist novak djokovic deserves to be the no . .  1 .  roger federer pulls out of german tournament to rest his groin injur .
 'i 'm proud to call him my brother , ' says sister of las vegas victim <sec> two police officers -- alyn beck and igor soldo -- were killed on their lunch break .  both were husbands and fathers .  a civilian also is killed ; his sister says joseph wilcox was brave .  wilcox attempted to confront a shooter in a walmart stor .
 at 75 , judy blume still draws crowds with first adaptation <sec> new : film adaptation of judy blume novel `` tiger eyes '' opens nationwide friday .  tiger eyes screenings earlier this year drew scores of nostalgic fans .  `` it 's kind of like meeting a superhero , '' fan say .
 ex-presidents of latin america urge legal marijuana <sec> ex-presidents of mexico , brazil and colombia urge decriminalization of marijuana .  leaders urge treatment for addicts , public service campaigns on abuse prevention .  criminal prosecution should target drug cartels , not users , former leaders sa .
 5 championship surf spots <sec> pro-surfing champ kelly slater likes australia , tahiti , fiji , hawaii and france .  fiji 's cloudbreak wave is `` one of the great surf discoveries ever , '' said slater .  the vibe at primo spots varies from spring break-like to exclusive .  airline surfboard baggage policies range from free to price .
 air attack on pro-russian separatists in luhansk kills 8 , stuns residents <sec> five women and three men were killed in explosions at pro-russian building in luhansk .  government , separatists trade blame for the air attack in the middle of the city .  cnn investigation shows that explosives came from the air despite government denia .
 'national hero ' djokovic given serbia 's highest honor <sec> novak djokovic has been given serbia 's highest honor at a ceremony in belgrade .  the world no . .  1 has won four out of five grand slams since the start of 2011 .  serbian president boris tadic said djokovic deserved the accolade .  djokovic : `` i will do my best to continue representing our beautiful country .
 ailing manson follower denied release from prison <sec> manson follower , 60 , terminally ill , expected to die within six months .  susan atkins is bedridden , can barely speak .  atkins stabbed pregnant victim sharon tate 16 times .  atkins , who was convicted of five 1969 murders , has brain cance .
 strong storms , tornadoes barrel through central u.s . <sec> new : there 's a slight risk of severe weather for parts of texas , beyond for friday .  tornadoes are reported in parts of missouri as well as texas .  the threat of twisters continued past sunset in many locales .  those states and others , including oklahoma and arkansas , also see large hai .
 fisher house steps up for military families , yet again <sec> new york developer zachary fisher was a prominent philanthropist .  many of his efforts supported troops and veterans , like the fisher house .  that organization offers to pay death benefits to families of slain troop .
 lightning , gas leaks , hail do n't stop first responders in joplin <sec> hundreds hit the streets of joplin , despite thunderstorms , looking for tornado survivors .  a fema official notes that many of these first responders had lost their own homes .  others came from far away , like doctors who rushed to help at a stricken hospita .
 tears or no , elephant raised awareness of cruelty <sec> images of raju the elephant , who appeared to cry upon being freed , went viral .  whether elephants can cry is unknown , but they 're known to show emotion .  wildlife sos has rescued a few asian elephants ; thousands remain in captivity .  tradition , low priority for animal rights are major obstacles in india , rescuers sa .
 should obama boast of his success on bin laden ? <sec> president obama has been criticized for touting his success in killing osama bin laden .  larry sabato : obama 's campaign should capitalize on the president 's achievement .  he says republicans are better off picking on other issues .  sabato : defying expectations , obama has more success in foreign policy than domesti .
 'canyons ' star deen on working with lohan and being known as 'that porn guy ' <sec> adult entertainment actor james deen co-stars with lohan in `` the canyons '' .  he talks about their now infamous porn scene .  deen says he will always be `` that porn guy .
 naked rowers break atlantic record <sec> an all female team has rowed across the atlantic ocean going naked most of the way .  the tactic helped them counter boils and sores caused by their clothes rubbing against their skin .  the british team broke the record crossing time for a boat of five rower .
 top authors pick best summer books <sec> jackie collins recommends `` whacked , '' by jules asner , a tale of revenge set in l.a . .  james patterson picks the thriller `` no country for old men , '' by cormac mccarthy .  for a long weekend , danielle steele likes joel osteen 's `` become a better you '' .  sophie kinsella : `` [ jane ] austen is a perennial delight .
 how 9-11 eroded our shared faith and american identity <sec> dean obeidallah says he grew up an american in jersey with muslim dad , catholic mom .  he says after september 11 he found others now saw him as a suspicious muslim .  he says hate groups profit from anti-muslim speech , but they are starting to be marginalized .  obeidallah : on 9/11 in particular we ca n't allow others to blind us to our commonalit .
 who requires the most education ? <sec> puerto rico and venezuela require 14 years of education , according to unesco .  the united states requires 12 years of education , three above the world average .  children in myanmar and pakistan are only obligated to be in school for five year .
 attorney : caylee 's grandparents stand by accused daughter <sec> new : sheriff 's official says `` significant finds have been made , '' does n't elaborate .  source says authorities find bones near site where corpse was found .  fbi should have dna analyzed `` within the next week , '' he adds .  hair , age , measurements of remains match toddler , police and attorneys sa .
 why my bible seems to differ from billy graham 's <sec> roland martin : those on the religious right have changed their views to support romney .  billy graham 's group once called mormonism a cult , but has dropped the reference .  the religious right is boiling the bible down to only abortion and same-sex marriage , he says .  martin : jesus christ cares about the poor and the sick . .  why no mention of those issues .
 by the numbers : swing states <sec> 95 : the number of electoral college votes up for grabs in eight swing states . .  5 : the number of swing states that had higher unemployment rates in september 2012 than in january 2009 . .  27.1 % : the percentage of nevada residents who are latino , the highest of the swing states .  7 % : approximate percentage of mormon residents in nevada , the highest of the swing state .
 election campaign ends with chess match in swing states <sec> romney and running mate paul ryan to campaign in pennsylvania .  president barack obama and mitt romney target battleground states in final days .  the focus is on turning out the vote and persuading the dwindling undecideds .  the campaigns compete with speeches and ads in states still up for grab .
 healthy food does n't mean 'organic ' <sec> aaron carroll : a local `` farm share '' program introduced his family to local grown produce .  it changed the way they ate . .  new study shows little health benefit to organically grown food .  he says organically grown food takes up more space , can price out people who ca n't afford it .  carroll : better to focus on getting people to eat healthy food at all , not necessarily organi .
 north korea 's bamboo curtain frontier <sec> secretive and closed off for decades , north korea is known as the hermit kingdom .  by land , china and north korea are linked by 7 road crossings and 4 railway points .  in recent years , n. korean refugees have fled into china seeking food , jobs , freedom .  tentative reforms have been aborted and north korea remains isolated and poo .
 what next for pakistan 's convicted prime minister ? <sec> pakistan 's pm found guilty of contempt for refusal to revive corruption charges against president .  yousuf raza gilani , pakistan 's longest-serving prime minister , was not jailed .  analysts believe it plunges the country into political crisis , while others think it means nothing .  debate raging over whether it justifies a disqualification and his removal from the pos .
 tennessee woman smothered her newborn twins , police say <sec> new : a prosecutor calls the case of a woman allegedly killing her twin babies `` horrific '' .  new : her lawyer says she is `` extremely distraught '' and on suicide watch .  lindsey lowe , 25 , hid her pregnancy from family members , police say .  she confessed to killing the twin brothers and hiding their bodies in a laundry baske .
 ten years after tsunami , are we safer now ? <sec> lesson reinforced by tsunami is importance of investing in disaster risk reduction .  tsunami highlighted how weak laws led to blockages and challenges in delivering assistance .  establishing community based disaster risk management programs like search teams in thailand , training in sri lanka also importan .
 police shootings of latinos spark protests in salinas , california <sec> new : police chief offers detail to help people better understand officers ' killing of 1 man .  new : he says authorities `` recognize ... the anger , '' says such frustration is legitimate .  police in salinas , california , have fatally shot three hispanic men since march .  anti-police protests turn raucous wednesday when police respond to a nearby shootin .
 has the mystery of the yeti finally been solved ? <sec> geneticist : mystery samples from the himalayas match an ancient polar bear jawbone .  professor is looking for evidence of unknown species that may be linked to humans .  he invited people around the world to send in samples of mystery creatures for analysis .  tales of the mysterious yeti , or abominable snowman , have fascinated generation .
 state department responds to benghazi subpoena <sec> state department turns over documents to house panel that demanded information .  committee looking at cia-drafted `` talking points '' explaining administration 's response to attack .  state department says it already has provided a large number of documents to committe .
 pablo picasso 's 'blue room ' has a hidden occupant under the surface <sec> pablo picasso 's `` the blue room , '' a 1901 masterpiece , is painted over a portrait of a man .  suspicions of a hidden painting swirled for years , but technology had not caught up .  experts are trying to figure out who the bearded man in the painting i .
 after incidents with airline seats , readers let loose <sec> american airlines facing several problems including recent loose aircraft seats .  more than 500 commenters weighed in about american and other airlines .  some gripe about airlines and changes in industry , others defend america .
 'two dead ' inside doomsday cult cave <sec> claims that one woman died from cancer , another from fasting in cult 's cave .  russian cult leader told followers world would end in may .  sect members threatened to commit suicide if authorities tried to interven .
 real conservatives can say they 're sorry <sec> nicolaus mills : romney 's hatred of apologies shows in his book 's title : `` no apology '' .  mills : romney slammed obama `` apology '' that was never made ; but he forgets history .  mills : clinton apologized for rwanda , reagan apologized for wwii japanese internments .  mills : even george w. bush said he was sorry for sniper using quran for target practic .
 opinion : hey justice scalia , let 's be friends <sec> supreme court justice antonin scalia gives a wide-ranging interview to magazine .  in the interview , scalia says he does n't have any openly gay friends .  john sutter : do n't blame scalia , blame all of us , including the gay community .  sutter offers his hand in friendship , saying it 's a step in `` mending two countries into one .
 ntsb cites sleep loss , poor oversight in 2011 bus crash <sec> the driver of the tour bus fell asleep , leading to the accident in which four passengers died .  the ntsb blames the driver , the bus company and the federal oversight agency .  `` this crash never should have happened , '' says the board 's chairma .
 the greatest web pioneer you 've never heard of <sec> ondi timoner documentary `` we live in public '' is about internet visionary josh harris .  harris said the web would rule our lives and created an experiment to prove it .  he turned the experiment on himself with terrible consequences for his life .  timoner on harris : `` a walking cautionary tale of taking technology too far .
 mandy moore weds rocker ryan adams <sec> mandy moore and ryan adams married quietly in savannah , georgia .  couple was first spotted together by paparazzi almost a year ago .  he recently announced he is leaving the cardinal .
 18 students arrested in darfur protest at white house <sec> protesters shouted , `` hey bush , you ca n't hide ! .  help us end this genocide ! '' .  saturday was `` global day for darfur '' marking five years of ethnic cleansing in sudan .  conflict has killed more than 200,000 people , and created two million refugees .  in london 3,000 protesters gathered at the sudanese embass .
 what was behind reid 's sidestep on assault weapons ban ? <sec> senate majority leader harry reid pulls assault weapons ban from dem gun control package .  many supporters of ban decriy move ; opponents see confirmation of a proposal doomed to fail .  reid , supported in past by nra , may be thinking politically of broader bill 's possible passage .  upcoming votes on gun control package will show where lawmakers stand on the issu .
 bad-boy balotelli scores on return as leaders inter milan bounce back <sec> inter milan maintain one-point lead in serie a with 3-0 victory over bologna .  mario balotelli makes a goalscoring return following his row with manager jose mourinho .  roma stay second with 1-0 victory away to bari , extending unbeaten run to 22 matches .  third-placed ac milan defeat cagliari 3-2 to be three points behind city rivals inte .
 weed advocates see gains as opponents mobilize for new votes <sec> 20 u.s. states now allow medical marijuana .  leading medical groups remain ambivalent on the issue .  there is growing pressure to change marijuana 's schedule i classification .  anti-legalization groups are mobilizing to combat upcoming vote .
 new york university student gets stuck between two buildings <sec> a 19-year-old man became stuck between two manhattan buildings , police said .  firefighters took about 90 minutes to free him from the 6- to 12-inch space .  the man is in serious condition ; authorities are investigating how he got stuc .
 federer sweeps aside djokovic in cincinnati to underline no.1 status <sec> roger federer beats novak djokovic to win cincinnati masters .  federer triumphs 6-0 7-6 in just one hour 20 minutes .  swiss maestro increases his advantage at top of world rankings .  li na of china wins wta event in cincinnat .
 'america 's got talent ' : winner declared , concept of 'talent ' still being redefined <sec> season 7 saw the departure of sharon osbourne and the crowning of a new talent .  this year the finalists included performance painters , a dog trick act and a kiddie dance troupe .  it seems `` america 's got talent '' is making a play to usurp `` dwts '' as the series with the most fille .
 'curb ' actor jeff garlin arrested after parking space dispute <sec> jeff garlin face a felony vandalism charge .  the actor allegedly smashed the windows of another motorist 's car in a parking space dispute .  garlin is a regular on hbo 's `` curb your enthusiasm .
