 margaret thatcher a leader in fighting terrorism <sec> kiron skinner : margaret thatcher gave crucial support to anti-terror efforts .  she says british prime minister backed reagan 's retaliation against libya .  skinner : thatcher was an early , prescient voice on terrorism 's threat to the wes .
 evacuation aborted as u.s. planes come under fire in south sudan <sec> new : african union calls for an immediate truce .  wounded service members in stable condition in kenya , military official says .  u.s. troops were on mission to evacuate americans from violence-hit city .  pentagon trying to determine how to evacuate more than 30 american .
 more bad news for weiner : campaign manager quits <sec> campaign manager 's departure is latest sign weiner 's mayoral bid is struggling .  weiner has acknowledged he did n't stop having raunchy online chats after he left congress .  weiner said he could n't say for sure how many more women might come forwar .
 murder charges in massachusetts 'house of horrors ' case <sec> mother charged with murder months after dead infants found in squalid home .  da : 2 infants were dressed in diapers and 'onesies ' .  father also charged , but not with murde .
 why are veterans unimpressed with their acts of valor ? <sec> mike rowe at u.s. marines annual ball : it 's `` just so damn humbling . '' .  marines are `` completely unimpressed with their own acts of valor , '' says rowe .  rowe : `` they 'd rather talk about sports and things they fight for . .  anything but themselves . .
 liberal 2016 poll : elizabeth warren beats clinton - cnnpolitics.com <sec> a new poll of progressives gives sen. elizabeth warren a double digit lead over hillary clinton .  clinton is expected to run in 2016 , but it 's not clear whether warren and sanders wil .
 panda petting zoo cutest thing ever <sec> wolong panda club lets visitors hug pandas for $ 130 fee .  the pandas will hug you back .  last year , pandas at the country 's breeding center had 18 cub .
 uva reinstates greek life , but with new rules <sec> new safety measures have been imposed on fraternities and sororities at the university of virginia .  fraternities must designate `` sober brothers '' at every party and can not serve pre-mixed drink .
 rags-to-riches billionaire 's debt woes mount <sec> billionaire nathan tinkler 's rags-to-riches story in peril as his debt woes increase .  on tuesday an australian court ordered the liquidation of his personal holding company .  the 36-year-old mining magnate 's racing empire and sports empire are in trouble .  just nine years ago , tinkler was an electrician working in the mining industr .
 armstrong appeals to cancer supporters as some donors ask for their money back <sec> new : lance armstrong urges his supporters to continue fighting cancer .  new : it his first public statement since the findings emerged .  rabobank cuts its ties to professional cycling after 17 years .  the sport 's governing body is to respond to the armstrong dossier monda .
 the ( not-so ) calm before the storm on capitol hill <sec> members old and new were sworn in to congress on tuesday and moved into new digs .  many party-hopped to meet their new colleagues and see their old friends .  tensions between , and within , the parties remained despite the friendly atmosphere tuesda .
 ntsb : 'boom , ' then shudder , first sign of problem on washington bridge <sec> new : crews begin pulling wreckage from skagit river , a cnn affiliate reports .  a truck driver told investigators the first sign of a problem was a ''boom '' .  the truck was following a pilot car that was to notify it of potential hazards , the ntsb says .  the ntsb identified the truck driver only as 41-year-old male with 20 years ' experienc .
 expert eye : how to buy art <sec> art can be tricky because it 's really about personal taste , buyer tom delavan said . .  framing does n't have to cost a fortune -- do it yourself options give you control .  reproductions look at home in the company of similarly colored or sized picture .
 federer and nadal crash out in cincinnati masters <sec> new : novak djokovic survives scare to beat gael monfils in cincinnati .  champion roger federer beaten by tomas berdych quarterfinals .  mardy fish also shocks second seed rafael nadal in straight sets .  he will play britain 's andy murray who beat gilles simon in straight set .
 hong kong to destroy stockpile of contraband ivory <sec> hong kong said it will destroy most of its stockpile of seized ivory .  the ivory had become a `` management burden '' and `` security risk '' .  decision follows similar moves by china and the united states .  conservationists say move would send strong message to ivory consumer .
 new york high-rise residents warned of extra-strong winds <sec> hurricane irene will bring high winds to new york city on sunday .  forecasters worry gusts will be higher than normal near skyscrapers .  mayor has warned residents to stay away from window .
 indiana uses religious freedom against gays ( opinion ) <sec> tim holbrook : indiana 's law allows discrimination against the lgbt community .  he says the state governor and others are using religion act as an excus .
 girl grew up locked away in backyard sheds <sec> jaycee dugard locked in soundproof sheds in alleged captor 's backyard for 18 years .  compound of sheds , tarps equipped with makeshift bathroom and shower .  dugard also had two children with her captor , gave birth and raised them there .  authorities : `` they were kept in complete isolation in this compound .
 opinion : the surprising racial bias against asians <sec> a wharton study shows high level of racial bias against asians and indians .  helen wan : the `` model minority '' stereotype of asians is pernicious .  she says even though asians do well in school , in the workplace they fall behind .  wan : one way to help asians is to improve mentor and sponsor program .
 smoke chokes argentina 's capital <sec> parts of highways , buenos aires port closed by heavy smoke from fires .  wildfires cover 173,000 acres around buenos aires .  argentine government blames farmers for setting the blazes .  shifting winds may help clear buenos aire .
 airplane crash-lands into hudson river ; all aboard reported safe <sec> new : flight 's pilot , c.b . .  sullenberger , emerges as hero of `` miracle on the hudson '' .  all 155 passengers and crew aboard us airways flight 1549 alive , faa says .  president says he is inspired by skill , heroism of flight crew , rescue teams .  flight was headed from new york to charlotte , north carolin .
 california interfaith leaders back 'ground zero ' islamic center <sec> a group of christian , jewish and muslim leaders urge americans to rise above the shouting match .  this `` breaks the heart of god , '' says a unitarian universalist minister .  opponents say the new center is an affront to the victims of 9/11 .  nationwide opposition to the proposed new york islamic center is 68 percen .
 civil war sailors laid to rest 150 years later <sec> remains of two men found in civil war ship are being buried in arlington national cemetery .  a military lab was able to narrow down the remains ' identities using dna samples and other clues .  the monitor foundered in a storm on december 30 , 1862 , and went to the bottom with 16 sailors .  more than 30 living descendants of the crew were to attend friday 's arlington buria .
 review : 'life of pi ' is bold and wondrous <sec> `` life of pi '' is based on yann martel 's man booker prize-winning novel .  the story centers on a young indian boy named piscine molitor patel and a tiger .  the film is directed by ang le .
 cdc : second 'tips ' anti-smoking campaign <sec> a new `` tips from former smokers '' campaign kicks off monday .  the cdc says the first campaign was successful .  the ads will feature real-life stories from people harmed by tobacc .
 chris brown probation violation case delayed until june <sec> judge orders brown to come back to court on june 10 .  prosecutors accuse brown of not finishing 180 days of community labor .  brown pleaded guilty to a felony assault charge in the beating of rihanna in 2009 .  brown 's lawyer called the prosecutor 's filing 'fraudulent .
 where is the world 's most expensive taxi ? <sec> new survey shows most expensive taxi rides from airports to city centers .  tokyo from narita airport is around $ 300 for a single journey .  cheapest airport transfers are in delhi and sofia , bulgaria .  click on the map to learn the average cost of a taxi from the airpor .
 unicef reports sexual violence in the congo region <sec> 657 cases of sexual violence and 35 rapes were documented over the past two months .  mass expulsion of congolese nationals from angola are creating vulnerable populations .  about 5 million people have died as a result of the congolese conflic .
 hit producer david foster looking for some fresh talent <sec> david foster offering unknowns a shot to sing on tour with him .  foster , a hit-making producer , has worked with celine dion , michael buble .  one winner , 16-year-old mia boostrom , is one of 20 finalists .  another contestant likes the idea better than `` american idol .
 faa allowing most electronic device use throughout flights <sec> faa says it is reviewing plans it 's received from airlines .  air travelers will soon be able to use e-devices below 10,000 feet .  airlines are already filing requests to grant passengers that ability .  a ban on cell phone calls remains in effec .
 thomas bjorn birdie blitz takes wentworth by storm <sec> thomas bjorn leads pga championship at wentworth .  veteran dane goes on birdie spree on back nine again .  luke donald five shots adrift in second place .  world number one adam scott challenging at colonial on pga tou .
 tv station 's saudi office closed after show on man 's sex life <sec> lebanese broadcasting corp. office in jeddah , saudi arabia , shut down .  station aired interview with saudi man who bragged about his sex life .  abdul jawad shown in his bedroom holding sexual aids up to the camera .  episode causes uproar in saudi arabi .
 is the gop losing walmart ? <sec> while republican gov . .  asa hutchinson was weighing an arkansas religious freedom bill , walmart voiced its opposition .  walmart and other high-profile businesses are showing their support for gay and lesbian rights .  their stance puts them in conflict with socially conservative republicans , traditionally seen as allie .
 tour de france : defending champ froome crashes out <sec> chris froome is forced to abandon on stage five of the tour after a third crash .  the defending champion had already begun the day 's racing with a damaged wrist .  teammate geraint thomas had previously warned about the dangers in the torrid weather .  it leads to question marks over team sky 's selection after 2012 winner wiggins was omitte .
 which african do you most admire ? <sec> we want to know which africans you most admire .  it could be a politician , activist , artist , or even your neighbor .  let us know by leaving a comment below the stor .
 suspect arrested in kutcher-bieber 'swatting ' prank <sec> the suspect is a southern california juvenile who was not identified .  the hoax call said people with guns and explosives had invaded kutcher 's home .  kutcher 's home was `` swatted '' october 3 , bieber 's a week later .  `` swatting '' is when hackers place fake emergency calls , police sai .
 peter kassig 's parents : 'good will prevail ' <sec> the father of peter kassig asks for prayers and time to heal .  kassig , 26 , grew up in indianapolis , the only son of paula and ed kassig .  `` our hearts are battered , but they will mend , '' his mother say .
 harry reid 'hopeful ' about regaining sight in injured eye <sec> harry reid said he 's hopeful he 'll regain the sight of his injured eye .  reid fractured bones in his face , his ribs and suffered a concussion last week .  reid said he 'll continue to work from home and will miss the senate democratic retreat next wee .
 charges dropped against first suspect in college shooting <sec> carlton berry , 22 , was arrested and charged the day of the shooting .  trey foster , 22 , was arrested friday and remains in jail .  the shooting happened last week at the north harris campus of lone star college .  it apparently stemmed from an argument between foster and berry , police sa .
 501 days in space with your spouse : could you handle it ? <sec> inspiration mars foundation wants to send a man and woman to mars .  handling stress well and getting along with other person is important , experts say .  middle-aged couples were stable in research conducted in antarctic .
 yahoo password hack draws frustration , jokes <sec> cnn readers respond to news of hackers who exposed 450,000 yahoo accounts .  many felt yahoo could have done more to prevent the leak .  others say the story was overblown , that hacks are a part of online life .  many jokesters say : people still use yahoo .
 iraq : in tense tikrit , journalists and gunmen argue <sec> a cnn crew finds medical personnel trying to save a wounded fighter in tikrit .  but when the man dies , demands start for the crew 's video footag .
 static-x frontman dies at 48 <sec> the metal band did n't specify a cause of death .  wayne richard wells , 48 , performed under the name wayne static .  static-x released six album .
 abdo : why sunni-shia conflict is worsening <sec> geneive abdo : sunni-shia tension has erupted into deepening split in muslim world .  she says a prominent sunni cleric gave sermon demonizing the shia sect .  yusuf al qaradawi harshly criticized hezbollah which is backing assad 's regime in syria .  abdo : there 's little hope of tamping down the increasingly tense relationshi .
 social media entwined in radio prank , nurse death <sec> radio hosts blamed after nurse 's death .  twitter accounts , facebook posts for djs deleted after stunt .  the hashtag # royalprank had trended shortly after the radio stun .
 nelson mandela 's remains reach his childhood village in qunu <sec> nelson mandela 's casket arrives in qunu , where he spent much of his childhood .  `` even when my father was in jail , he had the most fondest memories of qunu , '' daughter says .  in qunu , the military hands over his remains to his family .  mandela will be buried sunday after a funeral servic .
 israeli police restrict access to mosque <sec> israeli police say they 're limiting mosque access .  men aged 40 and under can not attend friday prayers at the al aqsa mosque .  israel says intelligence reports about possible riots prompted restriction .
 10 of the world 's best nighttime adventures <sec> diving with manta rays is great -- diving with them when it 's pitch black is awesome .  puerto rico 's bioluminescent mosquito bay is one of the great nighttime spectacles .  singapore 's night safari gets you close to some of the world 's most fascinating nocturnal animal .
 fallout of juarez violence felt in el paso , texas <sec> three teens killed saturday at a car dealership in ciudad juarez .  two of the victims were u.s. citizens , a school principal says .  ciudad juarez has been beset by severe violence in recent month .
 congressman grimm pleads guilty <sec> new york rep. michael grimm , a republican , is expected to plead guilty to tax evasion , per a source .  grimm was indicted in april on 20 counts , including filing false tax returns and mail fraud .  grimm will appear before a brooklyn judge at 1 p.m. on tuesday , according to a law enforcement officia .
 amanpour : attack comes at crucial time for region <sec> pakistani leader has gone far in reaching out to india , amanpour says .  nations may even join together to fight terrorism , correspondent says .  region of kashmir has been flashpoint for neighboring nation .
 3 americans killed in shanghai plane crash <sec> three americans die when cargo plane crashes at shanghai 's pudong international airport .  three people who died were among seven crew members on plane .  plane was on its way to kyrgyzstan and caught fire on takeof .
 connecticut state police to release report on newtown school shooting <sec> connecticut state police is to issue the report on friday .  report will contain text , photos and 911 calls from the day of the shootings .  adam lanza killed himself and 27 others in december 201 .
 attorneys general have 'strong concerns ' about google privacy rules <sec> attorneys general from 36 states object to google privacy changes .  they say policy `` appears to invade consumer privacy '' .  google says privacy controls are n't changing but the policy is being simplified .  the new policy goes into effect march 1 for all google product .
 ready or not , you 're getting facebook timeline <sec> you will have seven days to preview your timeline before it appears .  users could enable the new look starting in december 2011 .  facebook 's introducing timeline page walks new users through the new feature .
 howzat ! cnn anchor piers morgan faces rapid over from brett lee <sec> cnn anchor piers morgan went head to head with australian bowler brett lee .  morgan left flat on his backside at melbourne cricket ground .  the 48-year-old anchor hit four times in six deliveries .  england fight back in fourth test to take control on second da .
 three soldiers slain at fort hood identified <sec> sgt . .  1st class danny ferguson came from mulberry , florida .  staff sgt . .  carlos a. lazaney-rodriguez was from aguadilla , puerto rico .  sgt . .  timothy owens grew up in effingham , illinois .  sixteen others wounded in the shooting rampag .
 do n't harass women in public spaces ( opinion ) <sec> women in india are street harassed , primarily in crowded areas like trains and railway platforms .  elsa marie d'silva : it 's time we speak up ; we can not accept harassment as part of our daily routin .
 hornet attack 'my scariest moment ' says terrified golfer pablo larrazabal <sec> `` i 've never been so scared , '' says golfer pablo larrazabal .  spaniard takes evasive action after attracting attention of hornets .  he plunges into water hazard and rips off his shirt , which attracted the swarm .  the 31-year-old regains his composure to complete his roun .
 accrediting group puts famu on probation <sec> florida a & m university put on probation for one year by accrediting agency .  agency looking at finances , policies ; university expects more detail soon .  robert champion , drum major in famu band , died in 2011 hazing inciden .
 opinion : why india feels jilted by obama <sec> president obama predicted u.s.-india friendship would be defining alliance of 21st century .  india and u.s. have been at odds over crimea and iran , says ravi agrawal .  india blames the u.s. for the arrest of diplomat whose nanny complained of exploitation .  agrawal : u.s. needs to hit reset button and take advantage of elections to patch up relation .
 al qaeda link investigated as clues emerge in foiled terror attack <sec> al qaeda blames `` non-complete explosion '' on `` technical problem '' .  president obama vows to use `` every element '' in u.s. arsenal to combat terror .  part of explosive device was sewn into suspect 's underwear , official says .  al qaeda says it tested new explosive that got through security ; threatens more attack .
 french prosecutor pursues case over topless photos of catherine <sec> a photographer suspected of taking the topless photos is placed under formal investigation .  a second photographer is expected to be placed under formal investigation `` soon '' .  the french closer magazine sparked controversy when published the images .  the pictures were taken while catherine was on a private vacation with prince willia .
 commentary : time for dialogue on race is now <sec> al vivian : privilege creates blind spots that conceal the harm they do .  he says whites have had a longstanding racial privilege in the u.s . .  vivian : history has largely been written from perspective of white americans .  holder was right to make his `` nation of cowards '' speech and urge dialogu .
