 arizona wildfire forces animal shelter , national monument evacuations <sec> new : 10,000 acres burned in northern arizona .  at least 748 properties evacuated , including homes , animal shelter and 2 national monuments .  red cross has set up a shelter at a middle school .  a lesser wildfire , the hardy fire , also struck flagstaff area this weeken .
 sen. pat roberts ' campaign bringing major players to kansas <sec> bob dole , other gop heavyweights back kansas senator .  dole campaigns for roberts in dodge city .  jeb bush will attend fundraiser next wee .
 steam safari on world 's 'most luxurious train ' <sec> rovos rail operates from a private station in pretoria , south africa , connecting with destinations across southern africa .  trains formed of vintage carriages are pulled by a steam locomotive .  on board are luxury suites , dining cars and an observation car from which it 's possible to watch gam .
 singer pink announces she 's pregnant <sec> pink says she thinks she 's having a girl .  she makes the announcement during a taping of the `` the ellen degeneres show '' .  baby news comes a day after the singer releases a compilation albu .
 park sets ambitious goals for presidency <sec> park geun-hye will become next president of south korea .  she pledged to take care of citizens in a time of economic anxiety .  south korea is a strategic western ally and asia 's fourth-largest econom .
 student 'twitters ' his way out of egyptian jail <sec> student james karl buck sent one-word text from detention about his arrest .  twitter message allowed college to get word , hire a lawyer for him .  now buck 's quest is to find translator mohammed maree , who was arrested with him .  twitter is a micro-blogging tool that allows users to update their statu .
 court suspends ratko mladic war crimes trial <sec> the trial of the alleged `` butcher of bosnia '' is suspended on its second day .  a dispute over evidence halted proceedings against the alleged war criminal .  the ex-general faces 11 counts of genocide , war crimes and crimes against humanity .  nearly 8,000 muslim men and boys were slaughtered in srebrenic .
 top 10 experiences on kaua'i , hawaii 's natural wonderland <sec> kaua'i may be small amongst the major hawaiian islands , but it is filled with beauty .  epic landscapes are dominated by emerald valleys and miles of ivory sand .  kaua'i is filled with botanical wonders and lush , scenic garden .
 obama , blair laud bush 's aids work in africa <sec> more than 2 million people received lifesaving drugs because of bush 's plan .  obama promises to continue working `` to address the crisis around the world '' .  who : cases crop up 2.7 times faster than number of new people getting treatment .  white house : nearly quarter-million babies born hiv-free because of pla .
 airlines ask court to block faa furloughs <sec> airlines seek court intervention to halt planned furloughs of air traffic controllers .  the federal aviation administration says furloughs are necessary due to budget cuts .  there are 15,000 faa air traffic controllers at u.s. airports and related facilities .  new : airlines ask for delay in furloughs due to start sunday ; group asks white house for hel .
 countdown to spending cuts : the final hours <sec> new : a meeting between obama and hill leaders achieves nothing .  new : obama says he ca n't do a `` jedi mind meld '' to cut deal with gop .  new : boehner says the house will act next week to avoid a march 27 government shutdown .  $ 85 billion in spending cuts will take effect starting frida .
 the story behind 'what ali wore ' <sec> berlin waitress zoe spawton saw ali pass her cafe each morning .  spawton noticed he was exceptionally well-dressed .  she asked to take his picture one day spawning blog `` what ali wore .
 las vegas : viva lost wages ! <sec> brendan francis newnam takes road trip to `` lost wages '' .  newnam : vegas was a subprime boomtown that is now the foreclosure capital of america .  he samples vegas ' hyper-commercial present , ethnic-tapestry future and iconic past .  vegas : the image of american excess ; hoover dam : the image of american restrain .
 north korea demands apology , threatens nuke test <sec> n. korea angered by u.n. condemnation of recent rocket launch .  north korea begins reprocessing nuclear fuel rods , state media reports .  process will bolster country 's nuclear deterrence , foreign ministry says .  has also threatened to walk away from the six-party nuclear talk .
 santos clinch copa libertadores crown <sec> santos have won the copa libertadores after a 2-1 over uruguay 's penarol .  goals from striker neymar and midfielder gave santos victory , despite late own-goal .  it 's the first time santos have won the competition since the days of pele in 196 .
 breaking the silence on men and rape <sec> thomas matlack : justice dept . .  's including men in definition of rape challenges stereotypes .  he says this reflects a growing shift in perceptions about men , in media and the social realm .  he says the priest abuse scandal has helped confront the reality of victimized males .  matlack : rape of men must be acknowledged for men to be given help overcoming traum .
 cnn photojournalists share their tricks <sec> cnn 's ireport boot camp challenges ireporters to improve storytelling chops .  cnn photojournalists share their tips on capturing images .  show us your photography skills by noon et on september .
 secret cinema to hold protest screening after sony hack <sec> secret cinema announces a simultaneous screening in london , san francisco , rome .  the screening is being held `` to `` protest against censorship , '' secret cinema says .  sony canceled plans to release `` the interview '' next week after a cyberattack , threats .  secret cinema has not yet disclosed what film will be show .
 give apple your fingerprint ? it 's your call <sec> apple 's new iphone 5s features fingerprint recognition technology .  jim killock : apple must persuade public to trust them after snowden 's revelations .  apple 's fingerprint system does create a risk of `` normalizing '' biometrics - killoc .
 spotify founder : i 'm not music industry 's savior <sec> streaming-music service spotify has more than 10 million users in 12 countries .  founder daniel ek sits down for cnn interview before le web conference .  ek says spotify is trying to turn 500 million people into legal music users .  `` we believe that music should be like water . .  it should just exist everywhere , '' ek say .
 e-mail : air marshals perceive discrimination , study will show <sec> cnn obtained an internal dhs e-mail about a probe of the federal air marshal service .  e-mail : probe found discrimination is n't `` widespread , '' but many air marshals think it is .  air marshals tell cnn they provided evidence of perjury , discrimination , other misconduct .  `` we 're going to tear the report apart , '' says air marshal who asked not to be identifie .
 seoul 's defense ministry is sure 3 drones came from north korea <sec> three diminutive single-engine unmanned propeller planes were found in march and april .  they look like hobby shop model airplanes with consumer cameras shoved into them .  they do n't have strong military or spy capabilities , but they made it through air defenses .  spring is typically a time of high provocations between north and south kore .
 prosecution rests case against nidal hasan in fort hood case <sec> hasan , if he testifies , is expected to discuss religious justifications for his actions .  the suspect has been advised by the judge it 's `` not a good policy '' to represent himself .  hasan has been barred from arguing `` defense of others .
 20 china travel tips <sec> china is an unquestionably fabulous tourist destination , but can rattle even veteran travelers .  the language barrier is a big problem unless you have a good language app .  china is a safe place but you should be aware of its notorious air pollution .  if you want to take great pictures in china , an excellent camera bag and polarizing filter are necessar .
 amanda knox : how the four-year court saga unfolded <sec> in 2009 , amanda knox and her then-boyfriend were convicted of the 2007 murder of meredith kercher .  they are now appealing the conviction in the same italian court .  dna evidence is at the heart of the appea .
 calendar creators take another jab at putin : a coloring book <sec> vladimir putin and dmitry medvedev star as children in a new coloring book .  the publishers produced it for putin 's 59th birthday .  they expect it to be less controversial than last year 's sexy calenda .
 nelly furtado embraces latin roots with new album <sec> nelly furtado 's new album is sung completely in spanish .  the singer worked with noted latin artists on the project .  furtado , whose parents are portuguese , finds performing in spanish `` liberating '' .  first single made history on billboard 's hot latin songs char .
 new iraqi political alliance excludes al-maliki <sec> new coalition includes top shiite parties and a few non-shiite parties .  coalition replaces old alliance that had included prime minister 's party .  new alliance does n't include , but is holding talks with , prime minister 's party .  alliance includes former prime minister , followers of cleric muqtada al-sad .
 we really like this : tom hanks sings carly rae jepsen <sec> tom hanks makes surprise appearance in carly rae jepsen video dancing and lip-syncing .  hanks is friends with jepsen 's manager , scooter braun .  hanks volunteered to be in the vide .
 frustrated rory mcilroy throws club into lake after botched shot <sec> rory mcilroy throws club into water at wgc cadillac championship .  northern irishman frustrated after pulling shot into water hazar .
 wildfire scorches orange county <sec> silverado fire has charred roughly 1,600 acres in southern california .  record-high temperatures threaten firefighters ' efforts .  approximately 217 residences were ordered to evacuate the are .
 meet the kid-friendly version of snapchat <sec> message-sharing app snapchat rolls out snapkidz .  13-and-under version allows creating , but not sending , `` snaps '' .  move may be effort to fight `` sexting app '' labe .
 forget luxury , economy hotels to take over asia <sec> high-end hotels building `` economy '' brands that are closer to city centers than hostels .  a boom in asia-pacific business travel means more affordable accommodation for everyone .  business travelers do n't want to waste money on ammenities they wo n't us .
 old-school portraits see resurgence online <sec> the portrait , a centuries-old art form , is finding new life with the masses online .  some people pay artists to paint their facebook profile pictures and twitter icons .  free web sites generate cartoon pictures of people for use in social media .  researcher says portraits are necessary stand-ins for people onlin .
 man faces deportation despite marriage to u.s. citizen <sec> frederic deloizy , a french national , and american mark himes were married in 2008 .  they have been a couple for over 20 years and have four children .  deloizy faces deportation because their marriage is not federally recognize .
 pilot : why we wo n't fly ebola patients ( opinion ) <sec> les abend : with ill passenger on recent flight , learning if there was fever was key in ebola times .  there was n't , but it illustrates fears of pilots ; only a handful agree to transport ebola patients .  pilots need prep , checklists . .  controlling deadly disease out of comfort zone , he says .  abend : airlines must compensate for such risk -- but pilots likely to balk anywa .
 as hunting season looms , wolf advocates move to protect the packs <sec> minnesota hunters will be able to hunt gray wolves for first time next month .  gray wolves were removed from federal protection earlier this year .  advocates fear the hunting will reduce wolf population too much .  state 's department of natural resources says hunting `` does not pose a threat .
 latin america to hold summit to fight crime <sec> presidents of colombia , mexico , guatemala , panama to meet friday in panama .  they will discuss ways of countering growing violence and drug-trafficking .  drug-fueled violence reached record levels in mexico last year , with 5,400 slayings .  instability caused by crime in mexico could threaten u.s. which shares a borde .
 opinion : put teeth in google privacy fines <sec> marc rotenberg : germany levied small fine on google for gathering people 's private info .  fine was less than $ 200,000 . .  google made $ 10 billion in 2010 . .  fine has no teeth , he says .  public agencies failing to strengthen laws on companies that threaten privacy , he says .  rotenberg : proposed consumer privacy bill of rights a good step toward enforcemen .
 china hails woman who rescued bleeding toddler left for dead <sec> two hit-and-run drivers rammed into the 2-year-old last week .  in the video , chen xianmei moves the baby to safety .  `` i just wanted to save the girl , '' she say .
 entrepreneurs inspired by historic black wall street <sec> entrepreneur read about famed black wall street that was destroyed in 1921 .  he and partner created modern barbershop to honor memory of district .  black wall street burned to ground during massive race riot in tulsa , oklahoma .  tulsa race riot survivor : `` learn how to forgive , but never forget .
 suspects charged in death of gaelic footballer 's wife <sec> the 27-year-old was on her honeymoon with gaelic football star john mcareavey in mauritius .  mauritius police say mcareavey is not a suspect in his wife 's death .  `` this is too horrible to contemplate . .  we are just all devastated , '' says her father , mickey hart .
 abuse was reform school 's lesson , family says <sec> `` edward '' told family he was physically , sexually abused at reform school .  family did n't believe his stories until investigation of florida school for boys .  florida department of law enforcement looking into allegation .
 finding the best croissant in paris <sec> paris food blogger david lebovitz goes on a quest for the city 's best croissant .  au levain du marais provides extra-crisp ends .  in montmartre , gontran cherrier 's croissants are resolutely unadorned .  pâtisserie boulangerie blé sucré 's croissant is set apart by a hint of sea sal .
 from landfill to landscape <sec> spanish architects win prestigious category award at world architecture festival .  `` la vall d'en joan '' project turned rubbish dump into architectural landscape .  millions of tons of rubbish was dumped at the site near barcelona for 30 years .  water from site purified for use in irrigation , bio gas used to create electricit .
 for working moms , it 's about 'and , ' not 'or ' <sec> michele weldon writes that women sniping about whether to `` lean in '' does n't help .  a recent new york times story encourages more infighting among women , she says .  weldon : `` it is belittling to assert that women can only handle one role at a time .
 fire fell 'like rain ' in syria <sec> eyewitnesses of the attack : incendiary like devices dropped from a government fighter .  these are `` any weapon or munition which is primarily designed to set fire to objects '' .  rola hallam treated victims , some of whom suffered burns over 80 % of their bodie .
 stay of execution upheld for georgia inmate <sec> marcus ray johnson had been scheduled for execution in georgia wednesday evening .  a judge issued a stay of execution on tuesday based on new evidence .  the georgia supreme court upheld the stay , and johnson will have a hearing in februar .
 graham search highlights virginia drone battle <sec> the faa approved drone use for helping in the search for hannah graham . .  state lawmakers issued moratorium on drone use in february 2013 . .  drones are used to record images of places hard to reach on the ground .
 rodney king faces new arrest <sec> king was booked on suspicion of driving under the influence .  his 1991 beating by police led to massive riots the following yea .
 young inventors vie for top design award <sec> international shortlist announced for the james dyson award .  twenty inventions from 18 countries currently vying for first prize of â£10,000 .  overall winner will be announced on november .
 house rejects effort to curb nsa phone surveillance <sec> lawmakers were outraged by sweeping way in which phone surveillance applied .  proposal attached to defense funding measure was defeated 217-205 .  former nsa contractor edward snowden leaked records of the program in jun .
 syrian outcome could alter its neighbors ' future <sec> whatever happens in syria will have a major effect on its neighbors and the middle east .  expert : a regional war could draw in outside countries such as the u.s. , russia .  the sectarian power balance might change if the syrian regime is depose .
 police : celebrity publicist max clifford charged in savile sex case <sec> max clifford has been ordered to appear in court on may 28 , police say .  the allegations against clifford date between 1966 and 1985 , they say .  the case is part of the ongoing investigation in sex abuse allegations against jimmy savil .
 eddie murphy tops forbes list of most overpaid actors <sec> eddie murphy tops forbes ' list of the year 's most overpaid actors again .  murphy 's earning power has steadily declined since his string of '80s hits .  for every dollar he was paid for his last three films , they returned an average of $ 2.30 .  katherine heigl , reese witherspoon and sandra bullock follow close behin .
 'world leating ' aguero sparks man city rout of tottenham in epl <sec> manchester city rout epl title rivals tottenham hotspur 6-0 .  doubles for jesus navas and sergio aguero .  champions manchester united held 2-2 at cardiff .  juventus go top in italy after 2-0 win in tuscan .
 ebola gets political : gov . christie defends quarantine <sec> new : quarantined nurse to be discharged , chris christie 's office announces .  ny gov says those coming from ebola areas can quarantine at home for 21 days .  white house tells state officials it has `` concerns '' over new quarantine policies .  quarantined new jersey nurse lashes out at gov . .  chris christi .
 rio 's slum faces challenges after police pacification <sec> a door-to-door search follows a raid to take control of a brazilian favela , or shantytown .  `` it 's 100 % better . .  it 's better than normal , '' a food vendor says .  rio de janeiro is trying to crack down on crime before the 2014 world cu .
 'terror plot ' to kill mohammed cartoonist <sec> danish police say several arrested for plotting `` terror-related assassination '' .  agency reports that suspects include two tunisians and a dane of moroccan origin .  newspaper says the target was its cartoonist kurt westergaard .  prophet mohammed drawings sparked protests in the muslim world two years ag .
 opinion : the courage of teachers <sec> lz granderson : oklahoma tornado another case where teachers tried to shield kids from harm .  lz : a report saying teachers are overpaid , union problems led to a lot of teacher bashing .  lz : how could you overpay a teacher who risks or loses her life to shield kids ? .  we should not vilify teachers , he says . .  even on a normal day , what they do is amazing enoug .
 china : spat with google wo n't affect relations with u.s . <sec> dispute over censorship an isolated issue , foreign ministry spokesman says .  google routing chinese users to site based in less restrictive hong kong .  decision fuels speculation that google will pull out of china altogether .  china could block all outside search engines ' access to info inside chin .
 las vegas shooting : authorities had 3 previous encounters with couple <sec> the couple gunned down three people in las vegas on sunday .  one encounter with police was just days before the rampage .  police also had contact with them in february and apri .
 'godfather ' of cuban tobacco dead at 91 <sec> robaina , who was diagnosed with cancer last year , died on his farm in pinar del rio .  robaina 's tobacco leaves are considered some of the best in the world .  a box of premium vegas robaina cigars can fetch more than $ 500 .  robaina kept his lands after the 1959 revolution , when many others ' were nationalize .
 opinion : let 's not blunder into another war <sec> since barry blechman was born 70 years ago , america has engaged in at least 15 wars .  to name a few : lebanon , gulf war , bosnia , vietnam , korea , afghanistan and iraq , he says .  blechman : missions take surprising turns ; u.s. gets more involved and ca n't get out .  he warns we must not call for military action in syria or iran without very serious though .
