 lindsey vonn puts comeback on ice for now <sec> lindsey vonn will not compete in the opening world cup skiing event in soelden , austria .  the american olympic champion is recovering from a serious knee injury .  `` not racing is very hard for me , '' says vonn .  olympic super combined champion bode miller returns to world cup racin .
 richie incognito , jonathan martin , and the nfl 's future <sec> recent allegations have sparked chatter about just what kind of behavior is tolerated in the nfl .  was there hazing , bullying , extortion ? .  how common is this behavior and what will the nfl do .
 the anatomy of isis : how the 'islamic state ' is run <sec> new research reveals isis government structure in parts of syria and iraq .  abu bakr al-baghdadi , a former u.s. inmate in iraq , is leader of so-called `` islamic state '' .  trac research shows isis ' evolution from military force to basic services provider .  many isis officials , including key deputies , are saddam hussein-era military officer .
 murdered sri lankan journalist honored as 'hero ' <sec> lasantha wickrematunge was editor of sri lankan paper the sunday leader .  wickrematunge was shot dead near colombo on january 8 , 2009 .  he was a fierce critic of sri lankan government and tamil tiger militant .
 'smart power ' : army making cultural training a priority <sec> the united states is at war with ideals as much as or more than foreign armies .  troops ' curricula to include demographics , religion , languages , political landscapes .  thumbs-up in egypt , showing soles of feet in iraq are examples of offensive gestures .  commander : increasing countries ' capabilities could prevent future u.s. deployment .
 opinion : can an iran deal prevent arms race ? <sec> frida ghitis : whether iran deal a breakthrough or disaster depends on next 6 months .  she says if deal is extended beyond then , it will trigger chain of events obama wo n't want .  she says arab persian gulf nations threatened by prospect of iran nukes .  ghitis : if u.s. can bring deal to a final resolution , it can forestall regional arms rac .
 opinion : skewed look at college entry is price of `` admission '' <sec> nicolaus mills : new film starring tina fey exaggerates the plight of college admissions staff .  he says admissions officers do n't have to go to extraordinary lengths to admit unusual applicant .  film properly sends message not to lose perspective over college admissions , mills says .  mills : landing a spot in a prestigious college does n't guarantee happiness in lif .
 10 best places to start a business <sec> the world bank 's annual `` doing business '' report ranks countries and territories for how easy it is to run a company there .  the ranking looks at how many steps it takes and how much capital is required .  new zealand is said to be the easiest place to start a compan .
 stuxnet : malware more complex , targeted and dangerous than ever <sec> stuxnet , a new piece of computer malware , has unprecedented potential .  it exploits four holes and goes straight to the brain of industrial computers .  it 's not internet based , but can use the internet to sprea .
 senate passes democratic tax plan , rejects gop version <sec> new : obama praises senate vote while top republicans blast it .  senate passes a democratic tax plan while rejecting the gop alternative .  gop wants to extend bush-era tax cuts for all ; democrats want $ 250,000 income ceiling .  neither plan is expected to win full congressional approva .
 woman loses 180 pounds , gains celebrity status <sec> jennifer marnell struggled with weight , emotional overeating most of her life .  by the age of 27 , she maxed out at her heaviest weight of 300 pounds .  marnell lost 180 pounds through exercise and a low-fat , low-calorie diet .  she 's now a fitness instructor and plans to write a book to inspire other .
 july becomes deadliest month for foreign troops in afghanistan <sec> soldier 's death in kandahar operations brings monthly international death toll to 47 .  previous monthly record for coalition forces was 46 in june and august 2008 .  news comes as british death toll in afghanistan surpasses number of dead in iraq .  death toll grows amid intense fighting in helmand province , a taliban stronghol .
 vacansoleil suspend italian ricco over doping claims <sec> riccardo ricco is suspended by his dutch-based vacansoleil cycling team .  the team say they have found enough proof of a doping infraction to suspend him .  ricco was admitted to an italian hospital last week with a high fever and kidney problems .  italian media claimed the 27-year-old fell ill after injecting infected bloo .
 wild oats xi captures seventh sydney-hobart yacht crown <sec> wild oats xi wins a record-tying seventh sydney-hobart yacht race .  the 100-foot supermaxi finished in two days , six hours , seven minutes and 27 seconds .  wild oats xi equals the record of morna , which was later called kurrewa iv .  it never looked back after passing perpetual loyal on friday afternoo .
 charges dropped against suspect in uss cole bombing <sec> new : obama meeting privately with families of bombing friday .  charges against abd al-rahim al-nashiri dropped `` without prejudice '' .  move done to comply with president obama 's ruling to shut guantanamo bay .  nashiri was scheduled to go on trial monday , will remain `` high value '' detaine .
 robin williams dead ; he was battling depression <sec> new : president barack obama says robin williams `` was one of a kind '' .  `` he has been battling severe depression of late , '' his rep says .  williams was last seen alive at his home , where he lives with his wife , about 10 p.m. sunday .  williams underwent rehab drug treatment at least twice , including this summe .
 official apologizes for obama chimpanzee e-mail <sec> new : a republican chairman says marilyn davenport should resign .  the e-mail contains a doctored photo of a young chimpanzee with obama 's face on it .  davenport says that sending the e-mail was `` unwise behavior '' .  despite criticism , the official says she does not need to resig .
 dean mcdermott , husband of tori spelling , checks in to rehab <sec> dean mcdermott : `` i am truly sorry for the mistakes i 've made and for the pain i 've caused my family '' .  the reality show star says he 's checked into rehab to address `` health and personal issues '' .  mcdermott and wife , tori spelling , starred in `` tori & dean : home sweet hollywood '' .  his decision to enter rehab comes amid reports that he cheated on spellin .
 poolside raid in spain nabs british fugitive <sec> andrew moran fled his 2009 robbery trial , police say .  he was arrested by a pool in southern spain .  his accused accomplice was arrested in spain in 201 .
 girl found in ny claims no memory of name , home , family <sec> `` i just want to know who i am , '' girl says , according to children 's services agency .  she 's described as 5 ' , 6 '' tall , `` very soft-spoken '' ; doctors say she 's 14 to 17 years old .  girl was found in midtown manhattan early october 9 outside youth shelter .  agency says girl recently wrote down the name `` amber '' and has responded to i .
 british army builds mock afghan village in english countryside <sec> british soldiers train in mock afghan village before deployment to afghanistan .  village features afghan asylum-seekers as vendors , elders , afghan forces .  taliban militants are played by nepalese ghurkha soldiers .  village trains soldiers to understand afghan customs , respect afghan cultur .
 rolling stone changes apology on uva rape story <sec> rolling stone revises apology after complaints of victim blaming .  `` these mistakes are on rolling stone , not on jackie , '' the apology says .  the magazine says it should have contacted the men the woman says raped he .
 gurkha veterans recall falklands war <sec> gurkha units of british army deployed to fight in the falklands war in 1982 .  the nepal-born troops are a product of britain 's colonial past .  their regiment was part of british task force sent to repel argentine invasion of island .
 debate over fema funding continues in irene aftermath <sec> new jersey gov . .  christie hits congressional budget disputes .  `` we do n't have time to wait for ... congress to figure out how ... to offset this stuff '' .  `` our people are suffering now . .  and they need support now , '' christie says .  power is restored to nearly all customers in new york cit .
 never-before-seen photos of an outlaw biker gang published by life <sec> life photographer bill ray rode along with the hells angels in 1965 .  the story and photos were rejected by a life managing editor .  now they 're being publishe .
 'i ca n't make up my mind ' : the tale of the undecided voter <sec> days before the south carolina primary , many voters do n't know what to do .  frustrated with the field , flummoxed by the choices , some will wait and see .  most say thursday night 's cnn debate in charleston could be deciding facto .
 virginia tech remembers slain police officer <sec> deriek crouse , 39 , was killed thursday conducting traffic stop on the virginia tech campus .  authorities : crouse shot while he was in his police vehicle , then shooter later killed himself .  crouse , a u.s. army veteran , had been on virginia tech police force since 200 .
 cnn student news transcript : february 25 , 2011 <sec> president obama discusses the driving force behind political unrest overseas .  space shuttle discovery takes flight for its 39th and final mission to space .  hear what life is like for some african-american players in professional hockey .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 australia admits holding 153 asylum seekers at sea <sec> 153 asylum seekers from sri lanka being held at sea after boat intercepted .  high court hearing brought by lawyers seeking to stop handover to sri lankan authorities .  australian government has a policy of not commenting on operational matters .  silence condemned by human rights advocates , critics of `` harsh '' polic .
 mexico : guns from the u.s. , not illegal immigrants , are real problem <sec> crime rates have decreased in latino areas of the u.s. , says mexico 's foreign minister .  but large numbers of guns are flowing from the united states to mexico , she says .  some analysts note there are 6,600 u.s. gun shops within 100 miles of the mexican borde .
 arizona bans funding of planned parenthood <sec> gov . .  jan brewer signs the bill into law .  she says the `` common sense law ... closes loopholes '' .  planned parenthood says the measure will put the health of thousands at ris .
 age no longer much of a digital dividing line , says pew <sec> new research from pew focuses on generational trends in the digital world .  research found people 74 and older have the fastest growth in social networking services .  internet users aged 34 and older are more likely to engage in several common activitie .
 venezuelan vice president visits ailing chavez in cuba <sec> venezuelan vice president nicolas maduro visits hugo chavez , state-run media reports .  the venezuelan president had recent cancer surgery in cuba .  chavez won re-election in octobe .
 john glenn 's true hero <sec> america marks the 50th anniversary of john glenn 's flight around the earth .  bob greene says glenn downplays his hero status , but views his wife , annie , as a hero .  annie struggled for much of her life with a severe speech impediment .  greene : annie glenn 's struggle took courage of a different kind than her husband ' .
 new pirate attack thwarted in gulf of aden <sec> canadian , british vessels on nato patrol prevent hijacking of norwegian ship .  pirates captured after seven-hour chase , but then released , nato says .  lacking formal procedure , nato generally takes pirates ' weapons but lets them go .  sunday attack latest in a long string of hijackings and attempts in gulf of ade .
 can a killer whale be a slave ? ( opinion ) <sec> carl safina : lolita , a captured killer whale , is living in florida at the miami seaquarium in a confined space .  safina : lolita should be released into her home waters of washington state so she can be with her famil .
 ducks unlimited : oil threatens millions of birds <sec> oil in gulf marshlands could destroy the root system of the louisiana marsh plants and turn the areas into open water .  oil will impact millions of migratory birds that rely on marshland resources for the winter .  oil hurts birds by covering their plumage , poisoning their food supply and damaging reproduction .  experts will know more of what to do for the marshes and birds once the spill is stoppe .
 earl puts uk tourist mountain up for sale <sec> entire mountain put up for sale in britain 's popular lake district tourist destination .  sale of blencathra also gives the buyer the right to be called a lord .  earl of lonsdale says he needs to sell the mountain to pay a huge tax bil .
 search for ex-cop at center of lapd revenge plot widens <sec> new : big bear search continues even though suspect has not been seen there .  murder charge filed against christopher dorner in cop 's death .  a `` no bail '' warrant `` allows him to be apprehended anywhere , '' prosecutor says .  authorities are offering a $ 1 million reward for information leading to an arres .
 aussie dj at center of radio prank suicide case named best in the land <sec> he is the co-winner of a contest conducted by his radio network .  `` i 'm still at the top of my game , '' christian says .  communications minister calls the honor `` in bad taste .
 europe lashes out at russia , ukraine <sec> new : merkel says russia risks the loss of confidence due to disruption .  eu is building up infrastructure to import liquefied gas from north africa , mideast .  ukraine government says it has agreed to hold talks with russia over gas row .  dispute leaves countries across europe with gas shortage .
 charges against george obama dropped <sec> police : `` being found with people ... in possession of cannabis is a petty offense '' .  police earlier told cnn obama was arrested for having cannabis , resisting arrest .  obama is u.s. president 's half-brother .  he is in his mid-20 .
 russia 's davos : where putin has gone from powerhouse to pariah <sec> st petersburg , dreamt up by tsar peter the great , is now best known as president vladimir putin 's hometown .  last year putin used spief -- russia 's davos -- to showcase his international links and political influence .  this year , the ukraine crisis is overshadowing the forum , and many executives are staying away from putin .  the president 's ambitions to foster investment and raise living standards has been stymied by the crisi .
 one month , 14 fires , one big arson investigation <sec> new : authorities in coatesville , pennsylvania , declare state of emergency .  since start of year , 14 suspicious fires have happened in a town near philadelphia .  wpvi : federal investigators are now part of a probe into the possible arsons .  no residents were injured in a fire sunday that damaged 15 homes , authorities sai .
 parents of truant kids can face jail time <sec> georgia county operates aggressive program to keep kids in school .  300 families have gone to court in truancy cases .  fifteen `` truant '' parents have faced time behind bar .
 bacon , bulletproof vests , dentures : weird trash blights uk beaches <sec> uk 's annual `` big clean up '' has yielded more than 223,000 pieces of beach trash .  among strangest items found were an unopened bacon packet and a bulletproof vest .  holes bay on the southern coast was identified as dirtiest shore .  tourism officials say holes bay is known more for its clean beache .
 s.c. woman infected by flesh-eating bacteria to be released from hospital <sec> mom gave birth to twins , then was infected by flesh-eating bacteria .  lana kuykendall has been in hospital for just over two months .  doctor says she 's made a strong recovery .  kuykendall has undergone more than 20 surgerie .
 mugabe accused of election-rigging plan <sec> zimbabwe 's main opposition party says millions of extra ballot papers printed .  movement for democratic change secretary suspects elections will be rigged .  president robert mugabe expected to face toughest challenge yet saturday .  mugabe , 84 , has ruled the african country for nearly 28 year .
 moving vans , police surround wayne newton 's home in debt dispute <sec> deputies from nevada 's sheriff 's department 's civil process service were turned away .  newton faces debt collection of more than $ 455,000 from a breached contract .  the judgment was dated january 2 .
 new york 's best street food <sec> you do n't have to sit down to get great food in new york .  opened in 2006 in soho , a lone taco cart called calexico has expanded into a mini-empire .  new yorkers do n't need to go to new england for a good lobster roll , thanks to red hook lobster pound .  lines form early for lumpia shack 's philippines-inspired foo .
 ronaldo nets double as portugal book euro 2012 passage <sec> cristiano ronaldo scores double as portugal beat bosnia 6-2 in euro 2012 playoffs .  portugal win 6-2 on aggregate to reach finals in ukraine and poland next year .  ronaldo equals luis figo 's portugal record of 32 international goals .  republic of ireland , croatia and czech republic also progres .
 radwanska must wait after losing to safarova in moscow <sec> agnieszka radwanska crashes out of kremlin cup to lucie safarova .  pole radwanksa misses chance to seal spot in wta championsips .  marion bartoli can claim final place if she wins kremlin cup .  defending men 's champion viktor troicki eases to opening victory over pere rib .
 opinion : blame the u.s. for mexico obesity ? <sec> u.n. report says mexico is now more obese than the united states .  john sutter : maybe we should blame mexico 's northern neighbor .  he says u.s. trends like fast food and sugary soda have drifted south .  sutter : `` the least the u.s. could do is be a better neighbor .
 aguero and dzeko fire man city to victory <sec> manchester city enjoy comfortable win over fulham after shock defeat to everton midweek .  robin van persie scores hat-trick as arsenal hit seven against blackburn rovers .  swansea claim rare away victory at west brom ; wolves earn valuable 2-1 at qpr .  chelsea play manchester united at stamford bridge on sunda .
 nsa spying claims : five things you need to know <sec> media reports say the nsa tapped the phones of about 35 world leaders .  key questions have emerged about what obama knew , and his response .  leaders in europe and latin america demand answers , say they 're outrage .
 van der sloot pleads guilty to peruvian woman 's murder <sec> hearing thursday regarding possible holloway death declaration .  victim 's family will attend friday 's sentencing .  the lawyer for victim 's family calls van der sloot a `` psychopath '' .  van der sloot was charged with murdering a woman in a lima hotel roo .
 casey anthony murder trial delayed over legal issue <sec> new : a defense attorney says he expects the trial to continue on monday .  judge abruptly calls recess in the casey anthony murder trial .  judge belvin perry cites only an unspecified legal issue .  before recess , lawyers tussle again over undisclosed testimon .
 700 die in fighting in northern nigeria <sec> hard-line muslim militants fighting government troops in northern nigeria .  militants want strict islamic law , or sharia , in entire north of country .  unclear if 700 includes 400 deaths of rebels , troops and civilians reported before .  north of nigeria predominantly muslim ; south is christia .
 what 's inside a zombie ? 'walking dead ' answers your burning questions <sec> fans of `` the walking dead '' often share their burning questions and observations .  laurie holden , gale anne hurd , norman reedus of `` walking dead '' answered yo .
 taliban video of captured u.s. soldier called 'a horrible act ' <sec> family views video , pleads for soldier 's safe return .  pfc . .  bowe robert bergdahl went missing in afghanistan in june .  parts of video appear months old , u.s. official says .  nato officer decries christmas release of vide .
 burned teen 's mom : 'it 's been a roller coaster ride ' <sec> new : teen uses ozzy osbourne cd to get through painful therapy , mom says .  mother of burned teen says she 's inspired by his strength as he struggles to heal .  15-year-old michael brewer was set on fire last month , allegedly by other teens .  three youths are charged with the attack and have pleaded not guilt .
 opinion : spike lee missed the point <sec> errol louis : spike lee railed against gentrification in his old neighborhood .  lee has profited from the thing he decries . .  but he also missed point , he says .  in many big cities , housing costs rise much faster than incomes .  louis : fixing that gap requires more than racial finger-pointin .
 clinton calls north korean talks 'positive ' <sec> new : hillary clinton describes north korean talks as `` very useful '' .  envoy stephen bosworth is first obama administration official to hold direct talks with north .  north korea abandoned six-party talks in april after criticism over nuclear tests .  u.s. says it 's unclear if north will return to six-party talk .
 what fortune will the year of the snake bring you ? <sec> hong kong group clsa has released its feng shui index for 2013 .  it is going to be a great year for people born in the year of the rooster , dogs or ox ( cow ) .  if you are a pig , goat ( sheep ) , tiger or snake , it 's best to fast forward to 2014 .  the past five years of the snake have been marked by inauspicious event .
