 three women allegedly assaulted ; border agent found dead <sec> three undocumented immigrants abducted in texas , officials say .  one says she , two other women were assaulted .  third woman is rescued ; border agent found dead at hom .
 dying young : why brittany maynard 's story resonates <sec> brittany maynard , 29 , plans to take medication soon that will end her life .  the terminally ill woman is a patient under oregon 's `` death with dignity '' law .  health official : her situation is `` extremely rare '' for someone so young .  only five states in the u.s. allow physician-assisted death .
 spreading cholera has claimed at least 1,415 lives in haiti <sec> despite the outbreak , officials say elections are on track .  haitians go to the polls sunday .  more than 60,000 haitians have fallen sick with choler .
 opinion : eat fish , kill a dolphin ? <sec> zak smith : did you know that buying american seafood could save a whale ? .  smith : much of wild-caught foreign fish product sold in u.s. endanger marine mammals .  he says since 90 % of seafood eaten in the u.s. is imported , consumers have a say .  smith : demand foreign fisheries use safer methods to avoid catching dolphins , whale .
 rapper young jeezy arrested for 2nd time in 3 weeks <sec> report : jeezy was arrested after cursing at officers and refusing to identify himself .  he was reportedly seen leaving the back of a home after a security alarm went off .  earlier this month , he turned himself in after allegations he threatened to kill his son .  the teen son also said jeezy slammed his head against a shower door and choked hi .
 parents using smartphones to entertain bored kids <sec> more parents are handing their smartphones to their kids to keep them entertained .  smartphones ' designs -- touch screens and bright colors -- attract children .  almost half of the top 100-selling iphone apps are for preschool or elementary-aged kids .  adults are taking advantage of the smartphone 's ability to act as a learning too .
 queen 's granddaughter zara phillips has baby girl <sec> zara phillips gives birth to a baby girl -- a fourth great-grandchild for the queen .  the queen and prince philip `` have been informed and are delighted with the news '' .  zara phillips is the daughter of princess anne and a cousin of princes william and harry .  she is a talented horsewomen who won a silver medal for britain at the 2012 olympic .
 belgians stop al qaeda jail break <sec> belgian officials say 14 muslims arrested for trying to free terrorist from prison .  nizar trabelsi was jailed for 10 years in 2003 for trying to bomb an air base .  he admitted planning to drive a car bomb into the canteen at kleine broge .
 peter leonard : 'hard time makes the boy the man ' <sec> leonard 's experiences studying in rome inspired his book `` all he saw was the girl '' .  peter 's father , elmore leonard , is a well-known crime novelist .  leonard spent time in a notorious prison after getting caught up in an auto thef .
 sources : top militant killed in pakistan drone strike <sec> new : rehman was wanted by u.s. in connection with 2009 attack that killed cia employees .  seven killed , one wounded in drone strike , officials say .  rehman was second in command to hakimullah mehsud .  it 's the first drone strike since the pakistani election .
 ireporter inches closer to six-pack abs <sec> jason dinant , an ireporter , has met two-thirds of his goal for six-pack abs .  dinant getting in shape for high school reunion and gay pride parade .  fitness trainer advises using more difficult exercises if body plateau .
 earl becomes hurricane , reaches toward antigua <sec> too soon to tell whether earl could dampen u.s. labor day .  outer rainbands were reaching antigua and barbuda .  earl reaches category 1 status .  hurricane conditions are expected monday on leeward island .
 bush approves execution of army private <sec> bush ok 's army 's request to execute a soldier convicted of rape , murder .  pvt . .  ronald gray has been on the military 's death row in kansas since 1988 .  white house said it expects further appeals before the sentence is carried ou .
 wildfire scorches nearly 80,000 acres in alaska <sec> new : wildfire scorches nearly 80,000 acres in alaska .  new : blaze was 20 % contained by early saturday .  no evacuations or injuries have been reporte .
 android 's rapid growth has some developers worried <sec> after slow start , android system has taken off in popularity .  some developers say growth has made managing apps for the system a nightmare .  google says it provides emulators to let developers test whether their apps work .  it 's the diversity of devices running android that some say has led to uneven result .
 saudi arabia 's unsolicited monitoring of women 's travels draws activists ' outrage <sec> in saudi arabia , every women of any age has a male `` guardian '' .  the government set up an electronic monitoring program in 2010 for women 's travel abroad .  the guardian could request to be notified if his dependent left the country .  but now , men are being notified -- even if they never asked for the informatio .
 9 simple ways to keep nelson mandela 's legacy alive <sec> simple changes in everyday behavior can honor mandela 's legacy .  forgiveness , compassion , humor used by many notable world leaders .  expert warns against using mandela examples as solution for all problem .
 period makeovers : fixes for heavy bleeding , cramps , pms <sec> perhaps as many as 95 percent of women have issues with their period .  naproxen , aspirin , ibuprofen can ease painful cramps .  procedure known as endometrial ablation can reduce excessive bleeding .  try calcium supplements to ease headaches , breast tenderness , mood swing .
 abraham lincoln did n't invent facebook ( except on the internet ) <sec> blog post about abraham lincoln and facebook fools the web .  blogger nate st. pierre wrote that lincoln patented a personal newspaper .  the fake paper would feature personal information and `` status updates '' .  he meant it to be a joke , but several news sites reported it as fac .
 karzai , pelosi talk counter-terrorism , reconstruction <sec> taliban currently resurgent in afghanistan and along the afghan-pakistan border .  pelosi tells afghan president that u.s. remains committed to reconstruction .  about 38,000 u.s. troops in afghanistan , a further 17,000 are due to be deployed .  u.s. president asserts the war in afghanistan is the central front in the war on terro .
 china , russia , u.s. focus of human rights report <sec> amnesty international 's annual report `` reveals a world riven by inequality '' .  more written on united states than any other country .  report also notes situation in zimbabwe , darfur , iraq , iran , gaza .  at least 81 countries subject people to torture , ill treatment , report say .
 attorney : internet pioneer john mcafee in guatemala , will seek asylum <sec> new : a guatemalan official says there is no register of mcafee entering his country .  mcafee 's attorney says he fled to guatemala to escape police persecution and will seek asylum .  belize police think mcafee is still in that country , a police spokesman says .  mcafee is being sought by belize authorities for questioning in the killing of his neighbo .
 review : 'observe and report ' gross , brilliant <sec> `` observe and report '' is another movie about a mall cop , but oh , does it cut deeply .  seth rogen stars as a frustrated mall officer wanting bigger things .  the movie is funny -- and occasionally disturbin .
 abbas seeks to join international criminal court <sec> the move comes one day after the u.n. security council rejected a call for statehood .  it sets the stage for the palestinian authority to possibly pursue war crime complaints .  the u.s says it is `` deeply troubled '' by the development , calling it an `` escalatory step .
 4 boys killed as they played on gaza beach <sec> four young cousins are killed by israeli shelling of a beach .  israel says it is investigating the matter , describing the deaths as `` tragic '' .  around 40 of the more than 200 people killed in gaza were children , the u.n. says .  `` i wish i had died before hearing he was dead , '' one boy 's father say .
 why toddlers throw temper tantrums <sec> the average tantrum lasts about three minutes , according to potegal 's research .  you can predict a tantrum down to the second .  kids from about 18 months to 4 years are simply hardwired to misbehav .
 cnn poll : obama numbers plunge into generation gap - cnnpolitics.com <sec> obama approval rating drops 8 percentage points over the past month .  lowest rating in more than 18 months , according to a cnn/orc international survey .  drop fueled partly by a plunge in support from younger americans .  obama has been dealing with controversies while priorities stall , job market sluggis .
 does stunt fare muddy restaurant brand ? <sec> kfc launched its a bunless bomb o ' meat -- but did double down boost sales ? .  advertising age : kfc stunts contributed to a lack of consistent brand positioning .  but hardees got a boost in sales from its monster thickburger .  in 2005 , burger king got a boost from its enormous omelet sandwic .
 cnn readers ' favorite books of 2013 <sec> cnn readers voted on their 10 favorite books of 2013 .  the list includes one non-fiction pick , a biography of jim henson .  one choice is actually a holdover from 2012 .  dan brown gets close to having the favorite book of the year , but not close enoug .
 obama , clinton agree to disagree <sec> clinton , obama discuss immigration , economy , taxes in mostly civil debate .  `` it was a very odd debate , '' says cnn senior political analyst bill schneider .  clinton , obama in close race in texas , polls show .  texas holds its primary march .
 joel mchale talks chevy chase 's use of the 'n'-word with howard stern <sec> mchale said that chase had no desire to be involved with `` community '' .  tensions boiled over last year , after months of reports that chase had acted out on set .  mchale told howard stern that chase did use the 'n'-word on se .
 tracy morgan 'more responsive ' but still in critical condition , publicist says <sec> `` i saw traffic and i stopped and i was upside down , '' limo driver tells wcau .  morgan remains in critical condition ; truck driver charged in the crash has turned himself in .  comedian james mcnair , also known as `` jimmy mack , '' died in the cras .
 pinot grabs first stage win as wiggins clings on to yellow jersey <sec> young frenchman thibaut pinot claims the eighth stage of the tour de france .  britain 's bradley wiggins holds off a late attack from his rivals to keep yellow jersey .  wiggins is ten seconds in front of his nearest challenger australian cadel evan .
 opinion : amid year of progress for women , some missteps to learn from <sec> peggy drexler : 2013 saw big gains for women but some mistakes we can all learn from .  she says paula deen , kathleen sebelius , miley cyrus , lara logan were some who stumbled .  drexler : janet yellen , mary barra were among the trailblazers in the rise of women this yea .
 'blade runner ' sequel to star harrison ford <sec> harrison ford will reprise his role .  filming is scheduled to start in 2016 .  ford next will be seen in `` the age of adaline .
 hundreds demand answers , action in subway shooting <sec> new : victim 's mother calls for stop to rioting , cnn affiliate ktvu-tv reports .  police say they made 105 arrests ; charges include inciting riot , vandalism .  prosecutor : office investigating `` mental state '' of officer accused in killing .  video shows officer shoot oscar grant in back as another officer kneels on hi .
 silva brace keeps man city in title hunt <sec> david silva nets twice to move manchester city to within four points of league leaders united .  liverpool thrash norwich city 5-0 at anfield ; swansea city extend unbeaten league run to six .  newcastle united 's slide closer to relegation mire with 2-1 defeat to readin .
 'days of our lives ' star frances reid dies <sec> actress frances reid died wednesday at the age of 95 .  she was best known for her decades-long role as alice horton on `` days of our lives '' .  reid won a daytime emmy lifetime achievement award in 200 .
 alaska pipeline ceo stepping down <sec> new : pipeline company says ceo is retiring in september .  new : congressman calls it `` early retirement '' after criticism .  congress is probing pipeline maintenance , sources say .  bp managers have complained to company watchdo .
 why this verdict ? five things that led to zimmerman 's acquittal <sec> attorney : i think the prosecution overcharged the case in the very beginning .  prosecutor angela corey defends the decision to charge zimmerman with murder .  a lack of witnesses who saw the entire incident made the case hard to prove .  attorney : trials are not always about the truth ; `` it 's about what you can prove in court .
 monica lewinsky 's new mission : end cyberbullying - cnnpolitics.com <sec> monica lewinsky said monday that her new goal was to end cyberbullying . .  `` having survived myself , what i want to do now is help other victims of the shame game survive , too . '' .  lewinsky joined twitter on monday , too , a coordinated effort to step into public life once again . .  lewinsky cited the 2010 tyler clementi case as the reason she was going public with her cause .
 796 dead in haiti 's cholera outbreak <sec> new : haiti cholera death toll rises to 796 , more than 12,000 sickened .  aid agencies are scrambling to get the word out on prevention .  they are setting up rehydration clinics .  the united nations is asking for $ 164 million in response mone .
 'talladega nights ' actor luke bigham arrested <sec> former child actor luke bigham is arrested in alabama .  police say he pushed his mother into a staircase , but she declined medical attention .  bigham is best known for playing a young will ferrell in the 2006 movie `` talladega nights .
 california 's senate seat opening sets off wild scramble - cnnpolitics.com <sec> antonio villaraigosa says he 'll 'seriously consider ' a run .  barbara boxer 's retirement creates potential for wild race .  villaraigosa , kamala harris and gavin newsom among strongest candidates .  california 's top-two primary could lead to fierce democratic race in nov. 201 .
 judge in general 's court-martial dismisses jury after e-mails emerge <sec> judge dismisses jury after 22 pages of e-mails emerge over weekend .  e-mails show army officials had doubts about accuser 's credibility .  brig . .  gen. jeffrey sinclair pleaded guilty to several counts last week .  defense describes case as a `` mess entirely of the government 's making .
 pakistan court reissues arrest warrant for former president musharraf <sec> prosecutors say pervez musharraf did n't adequately protect benazir bhutto , assassinated in 2007 .  musharraf 's legal adviser says the accusations are politically motivated .  musharraf has said he wants to make a presidential run in 2013 .  he is in self-imposed exile in londo .
 tiger-rory 'bromance ' : can sports rivals really be friends ? <sec> golf stars rory mcilroy and tiger woods talk to cnn about their growing friendship .  sports leadership expert says their rivalry depends on not becoming too close .  empathy for fellow competitors can dull their `` killer instinct '' .  psychologist says some top european golfers have been `` too friendly .
 humane society does n't fault ohio authorities in animal deaths <sec> ohio authorities have shot some loose exotic animals .  humane society : ohio 's government should have prevented this .  there are issues with tranquilizer use , the organization says .  peta says the incident should be a `` wake-up call .
 europe 's best new boutique hotels <sec> europe 's newest boutique hotels are located in some of the continent 's most popular destinations .  a former girl 's school in stockholm and a converted fire station in london among best on offer .  spanish island of mallorca is home to a '60s-style hotel and a tiny rural retrea .
 u.s. and north korean officials meet to seal food aid deal <sec> north korea last week announced a freeze on nuclear and missile tests .  in return , the unites states has agreed to resume providing food aid .  the talks wednesday are to agree the details of the food assistance .  talks come against backdrop of fiery rhetoric from north korea toward the sout .
 how the kouachi brothers chose terrorism ( opinion ) <sec> peter bergen : as with some other french muslims , the brothers were marginal , economically and socially .  he says they became active in middle east causes , had contact with other prisoner .
 al qaeda fighters free 270 from yemen prison <sec> al qaeda fighters attack a prison and other government buildings , freeing many prisoners .  government troops clash with the fighters , most of whom flee .  yemen is descending into chaos as a shia-sunni conflict draws in regional rivals saudi arabia and ira .
 japan deploys missile defenses in tokyo amid north korea concerns <sec> new : japan deploys patriot missile batteries around tokyo .  seoul said sunday it believes a missile test could happen this week .  north korea says it will halt activity at the kaesong industrial complex .  south korean unification ministry says no new signs of nuclear test preparation .
 china 's netizens not always on side of justice <sec> many corrupt officials in china exposed by vigilantes on social media .  but opportunists also using social media in extortion schemes against officials .  young : greater freedom for traditional media would relieve netizens of watchdog rol .
 the good and bad in obama 's tax plan <sec> alan viard : president obama 's plan to increase taxes on saving and investment may not be wise .  viard : it does n't make sense to put heavier tax burdens on people who choose to save for the future rather than spend toda .
 white house pushes for federal law to protect journalists , sources <sec> proposed federal shield law might have protected associated press from seizure of records .  the obama administration has taken a hard line against government leakers .  `` a shield law would keep lazy prosecutors from going after reporters ' notes , '' says ap edito .
 woman 's story inspires 'haunting ' flick <sec> big-screen thriller `` the haunting in connecticut '' is based on true story .  carmen reed speaks about her family 's time living in a former funeral home .  she says mattresses breathed , a hand grabbed and mop water turned red .  her message : `` leave the occult alone .
 operation prom gives deserving teens their fairy tale moment <sec> operation prom helps teens in need get formal wear for no cost .  keren charles collects dresses to donate to teenagers who ca n't afford them .  the nonprofit was formed in new york in 200 .
 fbi looking for letter to cia similar to others that contained ricin <sec> the fbi says four similar letters were postmarked the same day , with similar ink .  tests show three of those letters had ricin ; tests are pending on the fourth one .  the fbi is looking for a letter that was directed to the cia .  all five letters are believed to have been sent from spokane around may 1 .
 grand jury returns capital murder charges in killings of prosecutors <sec> eric lyle williams and his wife kim lene williams are charged with capital murder .  they are accused in the killings of two texas lawmen and the wife of one .  eric williams also is charged with making a terroristic threa .
 cnn poll : florida gubernatorial race all tied up - cnnpolitics.com <sec> rick scott and charlie crist each have 44 % of support from likely voters .  that 's according to a new cnn/orc international poll .  the survey also indicates that a majority of voters have unfavorable views of both men .  a libertarian candidate has a significant amount of suppor .
 miami 's must see sights <sec> learn more about south beach deco at the art deco welcome center .  take a stroll in little havana and soak up the atmosphere of old cuba .  spend an afternoon at the opulent vizcaya museum and gardens .  wynwood is an up-and-coming area with some great modern art space .
 texas judge in video beating is back at work <sec> the judge is back to work , a clerk says .  william adams handles misdemeanor cases .  daughter hillary adams posted the video in november 2011 .  it was recorded seven years earlie .
 d.a . : lewd charges dropped against l.a. teacher ; pupil wo n't testify <sec> three felonies and three misdemeanors are dismissed against martin bernard springer .  the alleged victim , now 12 , `` does not want to testify , '' official says .  springer was one of two former teachers at miramonte elementary accused of abuse .  the other teacher is now serving a 25-year prison sentenc .
