 hong kong 's hot market in 'haunted ' houses <sec> hong kong people tend to shun houses where the occupant met a violent death .  the apartments are known as `` hongza '' in cantonese , meaning `` calamity houses '' .  ' '' hongza '' apartments can sell at a steep discount , sometimes as much as 40 % .  buyers still trade in the apartments , which can show a strong yield on the rental marke .
 'hurt locker ' team to take on bergdahl story <sec> director kathryn bigelow and writer mark boal are planning on bowe bergdahl movie .  bigelow and boal are team behind `` the hurt locker '' and `` zero dark thirty '' .  bergdahl is u.s. soldier held in captivity , released in exchange for taliba .
 obama : john mccain does n't get it <sec> barack obama pits himself against john mccain .  obama lays out roadmap for improving the economy .  tens of thousands pile into invesco field to watch the speech .  al gore urges americans to vote for change ; vote for obam .
 petula clark : my love-in with america <sec> petula clark was living in paris with her family and had a successful european career .  when she got the song `` downtown , '' she knew she wanted to record it .  that '60s song propelled her to fame in the united states , where it became no . .  1 .  other hits followed ; she calls american audiences the most generous in the worl .
 hawaii 's daniel inouye , senate 's second longest-serving member , dead at 88 <sec> new : during ww ii , inouye was hospitalized with another young soldier , future sen. bob dole .  daniel inouye died of respiratory complications , his wife and son at his side .  inouye represented hawaii in the senate for five decades .  his last word was `` aloha , '' his office say .
 q & a ; : egypt 's tensions explained <sec> coptic christians make up between 8 -11 % of the population , most of whom are sunni muslims .  tensions focus on religious conversions , attacks on places of worship and resentment over building licenses .  cnn 's ben wedeman says muslim community has sent condolences to the copts .  maha azzam says the use of force reflects a military that is unable to deal with dissen .
 hands on with pebble smartwatch , the most successful kickstarter project ever <sec> pebble , a smartwatch , blew past the previous kickstarter record of $ 3.3 million .  it has captured the public 's attention to the tune of $ 10 million in kickstarter funding .  the kickstarter campaign officially ends on may 1 .
 fish oil ingredient does n't slow alzheimer 's <sec> studies show that an essential nutrient in fish oil does not appear to slow mental decline .  fish oil seems to be healthy in general , but does not benefit alzheimer 's patients cognitively .  treatments such as dha could prevent or slow dementia if started earlier in lif .
 forced abortion sparks outrage , debate in china <sec> the couple has one child and is not allowed to have another .  china 's family planning law , which limits most married couples to only one child .  the couple says they were forced to have a late term abortion .  `` i 'm angry and want justice , '' husband say .
 benazir bhutto assassinated <sec> new : pakistan 's former pm benazir bhutto assassinated .  new : bhutto suffered bullet wounds in aftermath of suicide attack .  police warn people to stay home amid fears of violent backlas .
 nasa says endeavour sustained minor storm damage <sec> new : nasa official says the storm caused minor damage to endeavour .  the storm blew in at about 5:20 p.m. wednesday .  space shuttle endeavour is scheduled to launch on april 19 for its final fligh .
 facebook feeds narcissism , survey says <sec> new study suggests correlations between narcissism and behavior on facebook in young adults .  people who scored higher on narcissism test spent more time on facebook .  male narcissists were more self-promotional in their `` about me '' descriptions .  female users with narcissistic tendencies tended to use images in their self-promotio .
 israeli officials try to restore calm after cemetery vandalism <sec> israeli president : `` the crime is terrible ( and ) against everything that we stand for '' .  mayor : `` we will find a way to return to normal '' .  more than 100 graves are vandalized in two cemeteries -- one christian , one muslim .  a molotov cocktail is thrown at a synagogu .
 what 's the evidence of syrian chemical weapons attack ? <sec> kerry says the u.s. has declassified `` unprecedented amounts of information '' .  the u.s. points to `` concrete '' evidence , intercepts , `` multiple streams of information '' .  britain , france , and germany come to similar conclusions .  putin calls for `` a deep and specific probe containing evidence that would be obvious .
 florida fugitive recaptured after 30 years <sec> oscar richardson , 61 , arrested in missouri after police receive tip .  richardson escaped from a florida work release center in 1979 .  he was serving a sentence for armed robbery when he escaped .  authorities : richardson was living under an alias in missour .
 enrique iglesias fights cancer at concerts <sec> enrique iglesias invited love hope strength to perform bone-marrow drives at his concerts .  lhs is a `` rock 'n ' roll cancer organization '' building donor databases and cancer centers .  iglesias : my fans are so diverse ethnically , i thought that would really help .  lhs was co-founded by leukemia survivor mike peters of the alar .
 cnn student news - march 12 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 give brent musburger a break <sec> brent musburger commented on air that a player 's girlfriend was `` lovely '' .  dean obeidallah asks : why should espn have apologized for the remark ? .  obeidallah : would a 73-year-old woman be slammed for such a comment about a man ? .  he says overwrought critics hurt their credibility when a real outrage arise .
 in-vitro meat : would lab-burgers be better for us and the planet ? <sec> ongoing research into in-vitro meat ; grown in a lab using animal samples .  advocates say in-vitro meat is better for health of humans and environment .  lab-made meat could be served in a decade , says research scientist jason mathen .
 dalglish defends players over t-shirts <sec> liverpool manager kenny dalglish defends his players over luis suarez t-shirts .  suarez was handed an eight-game ban for using racist words at patrice evra .  liverpool players showed support for suarez by wearing t-shirts bearing his nam .
 movie theater shooter released on bond <sec> curtis reeves jr. was released on $ 150k bond friday .  reeves shot and killed chad oulson in january after an argument over text messaging .  reeves ' lawyer says his client acted in self-defense .  lawyer for oulson 's wife calls it `` difficult pill to swallow .
 14-year-old girl wins pakistan 's first peace prize <sec> yousufzai used to hide her books under her bed , fearing a taliban search .  she lives in the swat valley , one of the country 's most conservative areas .  the 14-year-old was also a nominee for an international peace priz .
 cnn exclusive : fragile cease-fire holds in besieged town <sec> the cease-fire was brokered with the help of a sheikh and a member of parliament .  `` compared to the past , this is a state of peace and security , '' the sheikh says .  the parliamentarian says the cease-fire in tal kalakh could spread across the country .  but a rebel stands firm in his stance : `` our goal is to bring down the regime .
 opinion : after isla vista massacre , nra , let 's talk <sec> frida ghitis : gun rampages , like the one in isla vista , have become routine .  ghitis : why ca n't america come up with an effective response to gun massacres ? .  she says the nra should hold a high-level summit with gun control advocates .  ghitis : everyone 's at risk now , anyone can die from a random shooting in the u.s .
 opinion : dissent remains silenced in china <sec> author was a student leader in china in 1989 .  wu'er kaixi has been living in exile outside of china since the events at tiananmen .  author : dissent has fueled historical progress in chin .
 fifa asks war crimes prosecutor to investigate corruption <sec> fifa nominates luis moreno-ocampo to lead its anti-corruption unit .  he is best known for war crimes charges against libya 's moammar gadhafi .  allegations of corruption rocked fifa 's governing body last year .
 rock photog jim marshall pictures 'the haight ' <sec> photographer jim marshall chronicled haight-ashbury in the '60s .  san francisco neighborhood was center of counterculture .  marshall known for rock 'n ' roll photos , but in new book he captures neighborhood .  photos include images of janis joplin , jimi hendri .
 navajo nation to sign $ 554 million settlement from u.s . <sec> the navajo nation says the u.s. mismanaged trust fund assets dating back to 1946 .  the landmark agreement stems from a 2006 lawsuit .  with over 300,000 members , the navajo nation is the largest indian tribe in the u.s .
 wife : captured 'most wanted terrorist ' al libi had left al qaeda <sec> official : commandos from the elite u.s. army delta force conducted the raid .  abu anas al libi 's wife says some of the men in the raid seemed to be libyans .  the operation was a `` masterpiece , '' libyan counterterrorism analyst says .  al libi is suspected of playing a part in 2 u.s. embassy bombings in africa in 199 .
 not your average christmas movies <sec> `` trading places '' is a twist on mark twain 's `` the prince and the pauper '' .  the home in `` fanny and alexander '' is one of the most ornately decorated you 'll see .  christmas is not what you might expect in terry gilliam 's classic , `` brazil .
 david cassidy faces another drunken driving charge <sec> cassidy was tested after he failed to dim his car 's headlights at a police checkpoint .  the former star of the tv series `` the partridge family '' was released on $ 2,500 bail .  cassidy pleaded no contest as a first-time offender to a florida dui charge in 201 .
 fans want bloomberg 's sandy signer back <sec> new york 's mayor appeared with a different sign-language interpreter wednesday .  `` we want lydia callis back ! ! ! ! '' .  a fan tweeted after callis was replaced .  her dramatic expressions and body language made her a hit on the internet .  callis remains mostly silent , not jumping into the new york media circus -- ye .
 serena williams destroys rodionova on u.s. return <sec> serena williams breezes past anastasia rodionova at the bank of west classic .  the american had not played in her home country since the 2009 u.s. open .  seeds ana ivanovic and julia goerges both out in the first round in californi .
 maryland man who called himself 'joker ' taken into custody <sec> new : `` guns do n't kill people . .  i do , '' says the man 's t-shirt , according to police .  incident comes in the wake of last friday 's massacre in aurora , colorado .  the suspect was in the process of being fired , police said .  the man calls himself a `` joker , '' police sai .
 everton beat rivals in merseyside derby <sec> everton defeat liverpool 2-0 in the merseyside derby at goodison park on sunday .  tim cahill and mikel arteta score the goals that give everton a deserved win .  the defeat sees liverpool drop to second bottom of the english premier league table .  manchester city up to second place in the table after a 3-1 victory at blackpoo .
 could syria 'torture photos ' be a game-changer for peace talks ? <sec> the new report accusing bashar al-assad 's regime of torture may shift the focus of the peace talks .  syrians may question the authenticity of the photos , writes cnn 's nic robertson .  organizationally , the syrian opposition is a mess , he says .  robertson : no one is expecting any major breakthroughs during one day of talk .
 'extreme science ' and 'green pioneers ' with philippe cousteau <sec> cnn international will air `` extreme science , '' exploring global warming in the arctic , in july 2011 .  the documentary will be hosted by cnn special correspondent , philippe cousteau .  next up will be `` going green : green pioneers , '' a week of special reports looking at people who are working to make a difference to the environment .  the series ends with `` green pioneers , '' a half-hour program looking at environmental innovatio .
 police : new charges for girlfriend of father arrested in kids ' deaths <sec> new : john deblase maintains his innocence in his children 's deaths , his lawyer says .  heather keaton is being charged monday with two counts of abuse of a corpse .  alabama police say they believe the remains of both children have been found .  the case opened in november , though the children had n't been seen for month .
 controversial doctor unveils corpse sex exhibition <sec> cycle of life features 200 human bodies at various life stages .  one exhibit shows male body lying on back with a female sitting astride him .  von hagens : exhibition to teach us about the complexity of the human body .  von hagens performed first uk public autopsy in 170 years in 2002 for televisio .
 petraeus brings unique experience to cia role <sec> new : sources say petraeus will resign from the military once confirmed .  the decorated general is expected to be nominated to be cia director .  sources say petraeus did n't want to become joint chiefs chairman .  analysts cite petraeus ' experience working with the cia in battle zone .
 gates in afghanistan on unannounced visit <sec> gates is to meet with karzai and u.s . .  commander gen. mcchrystal .  coalition forces are battling taliban fighters around the town of marjah in helmand province .  gates arrived on same day as iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad was due .  but iranian officials said ahmadinejad 's visit had been postponed until mid-marc .
 bills piling up -- what can she do ? <sec> money expert michelle singletary helps single mom who lost her job .  while mapping out a budget , expert finds 3 big ways to cut costs .  web sites can offer help in renegotiating mortgage payments .  aggressively pay down debt , pay down student loans , save for used ca .
 rumor : next iphone and ipad will have dual-core graphics chip <sec> next generation will sport new version of apple 's a4 chip with dual-core processing unit .  chip will enable higher resolutions and support for hd ( 1080p ) video playback .  ipad 2 chip will probably be paired up with a dual-core arm cortex-a9 cp .
 poland 'regrets ' independence day violence at russian embassy <sec> poland expresses regret after rioters attack russian embassy in warsaw .  police say participants in an independence day march set a guard booth on fire .  russian media say protesters threw fireworks at polish embassy in apparent retaliation .  poland declared independence on november 11 , 1918 , at the end of world war .
 why not call it a facebook revolution ? <sec> the uprisings had a strong assist from contemporary technology .  what else makes facebook .  the real facebook revolution is global , and it 's only just getting geared u .
 your e-mails : should the nfl ban michael vick ? <sec> michael vick to take plea deal on dogfighting charges .  nfl expected to announce how the case will affect his career .  cnn.com readers shared their thoughts on vick 's future , send your i-repor .
 luca di montezemolo to step down as ferrari chairman after 23 years <sec> luca di montezemolo to resign as ferrari chairman .  di montezemolo has enjoyed much success in the role over 23 years .  the 67-year-old to be succeeded by sergio marchionne .  in recent formula one seasons ferrari has struggle .
 maker recalls 2,200 tubes of aveeno baby lotion <sec> consumers `` do not have to take any action , '' company spokeswoman says .  a test found it contained more of a form of bacteria than specifications allow .  `` the potential for adverse health effects is remote , '' johnson & johnson say .
 james brady 's death ruled a homicide , police say - cnnpolitics.com <sec> former white house press secretary was wounded in reagan assassination attempt .  he died earlier this week from what his family said were health issues .  but a virginia medical examiner ruled it a homicide , prompting authorities to reinvestigate .  gunman john hinckley was found not guilty by reason of insanit .
 woman who allegedly threatened lawmakers shot dead by police <sec> the woman , jameela barnette , was killed as she tried to attack an officer , police said .  she had been charged with sending threatening packages to two lawmakers .  both packages contained threatening letters and one contained a hoax wmd .  u.s. rep. peter king and new york state sen. greg ball received the package .
 mourinho defends terry in racism case <sec> real madrid boss backs terry following fa punishment .  terry captained mourinho 's chelsea side to the premier league title on two occasions .  real madrid insists terry 'is not a racist ' .  mourinho says he has never felt racism in the dressing roo .
 opinion : today 's vets get shortchanged on gi bill <sec> glenn altschuler : 70 years ago , fdr signed gi bill ; more than 2 million went to college on it .  after later wars , america 's promise of higher education to vets diminshed , he says .  he says gi bill paid off : vets got better jobs , were more civicly engaged , paid more taxes .  writer : congress must reprioritize this educational pact with vets and all american .
 uk : jets doing reconnaissance , ready to strike in iraq <sec> new : british jets conduct recon flights over iraq , the uk ministry of defence says .  ministry : the jets are ready to strike when necessary .  the mission comes a day after parliament approved military action in iraq .  raf tornadoes were deployed from an airbase in cyprus to fly over ira .
 poll : concerns about terrorist attacks at lowest level since 9/11 <sec> poll : about 1 in 10 say terrorism is the most important issue in voting for president .  30 percent said they think an attack on american soil is likely soon .  about half say the u.s. will find september 11 mastermind osama bin laden .  watch 9/11 memorials in new york and washington on cnn.com liv .
 deadly echo : teen shot hours after sister attends obama gun violence speech <sec> janay mcfarlane , 18 , was shot by an unknown assailant .  her death came hours after obama spoke on gun violence .  mcfarlane 's younger sister was in a high school group standing near the president .  hours later , the violence that obama addressed claimed another young lif .
 saddam hussein aide executed in iraq <sec> abid hamid mahmud al-tikriti was saddam hussein 's national security adviser .  al-tikriti was the regime 's most wanted official next to hussein and his sons .  he had been sentenced to death for genocide and crimes against humanit .
 does twitter 's vine have a porn problem ? <sec> an error led to a porn video being listed as an editor 's pick in twitter 's new vine app .  vine lets users shoot and post six-second videos from their phones .  twitter lets users flag offensive content , which gives other users a heads-up .  vine is only available from apple , which has banned other apps over sexual conten .
 25 killed in blast at mexican state oil company headquarters <sec> new : 25 people were killed and more than 100 are injured , interior minister says .  the explosion collapsed two floors of an office building , paramedics say .  rescuers have pulled a survivor from the rubble , mexico 's president says .  crews are searching for people trapped in the buildin .
 five justices appear receptive to gutting defense of marriage act <sec> new : `` i think it 's gon na be good , '' says edith windsor , the focus of the doma challenge .  the court appears divided on the questions of discrimination and state authority .  justice anthony kennedy refers to states ' `` power to regulate marriage '' .  the defense of marriage act denies benefits to same-sex couple .
 cia report 's most shocking passages <sec> the senate intelligence committee released its report on torture tuesday .  techniques included mock executions , sleep deprivations and dietary manipulatio .
 court : italy cruise ship captain must stay under house arrest <sec> new : capt . .  francesco schettino does n't have to be jailed , italy 's highest court rules .  he is facing investigation over possible criminal charges including manslaughter .  schettino has been under house arrest since january .  at least 30 people died when the costa concordia struck rocks and turned on its sid .
 convicted opposition leader navalny vows to win moscow mayor 's race <sec> `` we are a huge , powerful force , '' navalny tells crowd in moscow .  opposition leader is facing a five-year prison term .  navalny will appeal his conviction , denies he misappropriated money in a lumber deal .  he vows not to waver again about finishing mayoral campaig .
 ghana looks to world cup after u-20 success <sec> ghana becomes first african nation to win football 's under-20 world cup .  result part of shift in balance of power in west africa from nigeria to ghana .  ghana has stars including michael essien , sulley muntari , dominic adiyiah .  nigeria has star players but national team struggles with poor infrastructur .
 school shooting suspect identified <sec> bruco strongeagle eastwood , 32 , arrested in shootings of two students .  gunfire begins as middle school classes end for the day .  math teacher/coach tackles suspect , confiscates gun before police arrive .  incident was in same area of colorado as 1999 columbine rampag .
