 'give african women a voice , ' say activists <sec> rainatou sow , marie-claire faray and betty makoni are advocates for equal rights .  through their organizations they aim to empower and inspire all african women .  in 2010 the african union launched the african women 's decade .  the initiative promotes female empowerment and gender equalit .
 lawmakers react to eric holder 's resignation on twitter <sec> eric holder is considered the most divisive attorney general in history . .  many republicans took to twitter to celebrate holder 's resignation .  some democratic lawmakers paid tribute to holder on twitte .
 bin laden widows , daughters face deportation from pakistan <sec> the detention of the widows and daughters of osama bin laden has ended .  a pakistani judge ordered that they be deported once they had served the sentence .  the widows ' lawyer says he does n't know when they 'll leave the country .  yemen has said it will allow the yemeni widow to return hom .
 red bull told to modify controversial car <sec> the fia tells red bull to change the hotly-disputed floor of the team 's car .  the rb8 has an isolated hole on its floor , which is against f1 regulations .  red bull lead the formula one constructors ' championship after six races .  sebastian vettel and mark webber are joint second in drivers ' standing .
 missing mother 's body found in camden , new jersey <sec> jenna lord , 23 , of pennsylvania , was missing for two weeks .  police said her body was found sunday in a vacant lot in camden .  authorities are still working to determine the cause of her deat .
 'safest ' seat remarks get muslim family kicked off plane <sec> man says muslim family taken off flight after discussion over safest place to sit .  atif irfan claims fbi cleared family of wrongdoing , but airtran would n't let them fly .  airtran says it acted properly , complied with all federal directives .  irfan says family owed an apology , may pursue a civil rights lawsui .
 celebrated modern artist cy twombly dies at 83 <sec> american modern artist cy twombly was best known for his bold , abstract works .  twombly died tuesday in rome at 83 .  twombly was famed for blending drawings and paintin .
 take it easy on your skin <sec> overwashing , overapplying and product overkill wo n't improve your skin .  which of these regimens should you be using for your type of skin ? .  dry skin types should apply moisturizer with spf once a day .  sensitive skin should only apply a mild retinol every third night to fight agin .
 ratko mladic : brutal villain to many , hero to others <sec> former bosnian serb army commander ratko mladic on trial for crimes against humanity .  mladic is accused of being involved in slaughter of 8,000 muslims at srebrenica .  mladic is charged with leading 1992 siege against city of sarajevo , an assault that lasted two years .  trial could usher in political backlash from bosnian electorate , some of whom consider mladic a her .
 golden globes tv nominees : who will/should win <sec> the golden globes are sunday .  there 's lots of speculation as to who will win in the tv categories .  the hollywood foreign press association does n't mind rewarding the brit .
 venezuelan vegas claims historic victory <sec> jhonattan vegas , 26 , makes history by winning the bob hope classic .  the victory means vegas becomes the first venezuelan to win a pga tour event .  vegas defeats gary woodland and defending champion bill haas in a play-off .  the win means vegas has a two-year tour exemption and an invitation to the master .
 patz investigation a 33-year-long roller coaster ride <sec> the 33-year-old etan patz case continues to stymie investigators .  investigators recently concluded a search of a basement near where the boy disappeared .  like other leads , it failed to definitively reveal what happened to etan patz .  investigator says it 's a success that the case is still getting attention and resource .
 woman , 67 , braves job search with online posse <sec> jean lindsay , 67 , uploads videos about her struggles finding a job .  lindsay says support from her online viewers keeps her moving .  her advice to depressed older people who are out of work : `` get up , and get out ! '' .  web skills are increasingly important in today 's job market , aarp say .
 facebook launches pages redesign <sec> facebook has begun rolling out full redesign of facebook pages .  changes will make pages look and operate like user profiles .  gives page admins the ability to post and comment on other facebook page .
 tsa : despite objections , all passengers must be screened <sec> new : the california man involved in a tsa dispute could face an $ 11,000 fine .  tsa says screening is mandatory for all airline passengers .  the man argues new x-ray machines invade privacy .  a video of his dispute with screeners is popular with youtube viewer .
 strike protests job cuts in puerto rico <sec> confrontations between police , students blocking highway lessen after rally .  union leaders claim large turnout for protest against 13,000 to 17,000 layoffs .  thousands of strikers march at rally in san juan , puerto rico .  job cuts ordered to help close $ 3.2 billion budget gap amid high unemploymen .
 serena overpowers sharapova in california <sec> serena williams crushes maria sharapova in stanford hard court event .  13-time grand slam winner williams enjoys 6-1 6-3 victory .  she will face sabine lisicki of germany in semifinals in california .  marion bartoli and dominika cibulkova face off in other last four matc .
 honduras has a new president , sort of <sec> electoral officials say that juan hernandez is ahead in the vote count .  his lead at this point is `` irreversible , '' one says .  but hernandez has not yet been named the official winner .  political tensions have accompanied these election .
 siren dating app lets women call the shots <sec> siren is a new dating app created `` for women by women '' .  the founders say the idea came about after friends ' complaints of lewd online exchanges .  similar apps like hinge , wyldfire and willow rely on other users ' vouching for potential suitor .
 cameroon on course for last eight place <sec> mohammad idrissou put cameroon on course for a last eight spot in the african nations cup .  he scores a late winner in a topsy-turvy 3-2 group d success over zambia on sunday .  meanwhile , in the other group match , gabon and tunisia played out a dull 0-0 dra .
 russian planes again fly over u.s. navy ships <sec> two russian planes flew within 500 feet of u.s. navy aircraft carrier .  that flyover is lower than others russians have made over u.s. ships this year .  u.s. aircraft tried contacting russian planes , but pilots did n't respond .  u.s. fighter jets met up with russian planes , flew with them until they lef .
 commander apologizes for civilian deaths in afghan airstrike <sec> isaf commander visited logar province .  18 civilians killed wednesday , an afghan official said .  president karzai condemned the strik .
 iran unveils long-range bombing drone <sec> state media : the unmanned aircraft can carry out bombing missions .  ahmadinejad attends unveiling ceremony .  drones have become a staple of modern comba .
 san francisco sheriff details errors in hospital stairway death <sec> lynne spalding ford checked into a san francisco hospital on september 19 .  she disappeared two days later , but a full search of the hospital did n't start for another week .  technical problems delayed the viewing of surveillance footage , the sheriff 's department says .  her body was found in a remote stairwell 17 days after her disappearanc .
 romania 's president keeps his job , court rules <sec> president traian basescu survives a nation-wide vote to remove him .  the country 's top court invalidates the referendum because of low turnout .  the prime minister says the president should consider stepping down anywa .
 japan protests chinese patrols near disputed islands <sec> chinese patrols make japan 's government `` uncomfortable '' .  japanese media reports patrols did not cross into japanese territorial waters .  japanese diplomatic protest comes a week after raucous anti-japan protests in chin .
 heavenly hawaii : dos and don'ts <sec> consider a trip to hawaii in may or october for the best value .  a condo rental offers more flexibility than a hotel and often is more affordable .  hopping to every island is pricey and time-consuming ; consider focusing on one or tw .
 jennifer lawrence 's song hits billboard charts <sec> jennifer lawrence 's `` hunger games '' song debuts at no . .  12 .  called `` the hanging tree , '' she sings it in the latest `` hunger games '' movie .  lawrence has joked that she ca n't sing and hates doing i .
 pregnant federal guard accused of having sex with n.y. cop killer <sec> attorney says client distraught .  federal prison guard nancy gonzalez , 29 , is accused of unlawful sexual abuse .  she allegedly had sex with inmate ronell wilson , who was convicted of killing two officers .  she was released on $ 150,000 bond and could face 15 years if convicte .
 5 questions for 'returned ' author jason mott <sec> jason mott says vivid dream about his dead mother inspired him to write `` the returned '' .  book focuses on what happens after a loved one returns from the dead .  brad pitt 's film company is adapting the novel into a series for ab .
 5 spots for christmas movie magic <sec> there 's `` a christmas story '' museum in ohio near the house featured in the film .  seneca falls , new york , believes it 's the town in `` it 's a wonderful life '' .  romance your sweetie over desserts at the cafe featured in `` serendipity .
 more rain , gushing flood waters threaten pakistanis <sec> new : secretary of state hillary clinton appeals for aid .  new : clinton says the crisis aid is essential part of building ties with pakistan .  about 3 million people have been affected by monsoon rains and flooding .  some pakistanis say their government has been slow to respon .
 filipinos embrace hero of the year , 'pushcart classrooms ' for poor <sec> efren peñaflorida was named cnn hero of the year at a hollywood event in 2009 .  he started a nonprofit organization that educates poor children in the philippines .  since being named hero of the year , `` pushcart classrooms '' have spread across the country .  peñaflorida has also become famous ; he hosts a tv show that features selfless filipino .
 54 bodies recovered from bangladesh ferry disaster <sec> authorities recover 54 bodies after overcrowded ferry capsizes .  boat had capacity of 1,500 , but 2,000 people onboard .  they were traveling homes for the muslim festival of eid al-adh .
 u.s. embassy evacuated in sweden security alert <sec> the embassy was briefly evacuated after a suspicious envelope sparked an alert .  the envelope contained white powder , stockholm police said .  stockholm police will examine the contents of the envelope in a secure place .  the all-clear has now been given , cnn affiliate tv4 report .
 u.s. airport regulations embarrassed saudis , leaked cable shows <sec> saudis were on a list of nationalities warranting additional airport screening .  prince discussed the matter with assistant secretary of state .  he says saudi government could be prompted to rethink its counterterrorism cooperatio .
 belgium jewish museum attack shooter was carrying camera -- official <sec> police think gunman was carrying a camera , a belgian law enforcement official says .  investigators do not believe the attack was a `` hit '' targeting an israeli couple who were killed .  `` we believe they were just in the wrong place at the wrong time , '' says official .  police are struggling to identify the shooter from footage because he wore a baseball ca .
 sexual assaults on the high seas come under scrutiny <sec> in a five-year period , the fbi opened 184 criminal cases aboard cruise ships .  lawmakers introduced cruise vessel security and safety act to improve security .  attacks are more likely on cruises because of alcohol , experts say .  cruise lines say they provide 24-hour security , screen passengers ' belonging .
 injured massa aims to be at interlagos <sec> formula one star felipe massa has had successful plastic surgery on his skull .  the brazilian driver plans to attend his home grand prix in mid-october .  massa suffered horrific head injuries after a freak accident in hungary in july .  ferrari have brought in force india 's giancarlo fisichella to replace hi .
 brazil held by england as maracana reopens <sec> paulinho scores a late equalizer in brazil 's 2-2 draw with england in rio de janeiro .  friendly match marks official reopening of maracana stadium ahead of 2014 world cup .  brazil will next play france before hosting the confederations cup tournament .  world 's no . .  2 team germany beaten 4-3 by united states in washington friendl .
 panama teen was adrift at sea for 26 days ; mother calls return 'a miracle ' <sec> three friends set out on a fishing trip on february 24 from san carlos , panama .  the boat 's engine died ; it was found adrift in the pacific some 600 miles away .  adrian vasquez survived on raw fish and rainwater , his mother says .  his friends died , and he had to dispose of their decomposing bodies , she say .
 ahmadinejad : jesus would stand with oppressed <sec> iranian president ahmadinejad to deliver christmas message on british tv .  ahmadinejad : if jesus was alive he would defend oppressed , fight injustice .  channel 4 has broadcast alternative to queen 's traditional message since 1993 .  network : relations between west , iran central role to world affairs in 200 .
 why are so many young french people turning to jihad ? <sec> france says some 950 french nationals are involved in jihad .  experts say there are many reasons why they choose to travel to syria and iraq to fight .  nicolas bons , 30 , was killed in `` an explosives operation '' in syria ; his half-brother also died .  his mother wants others to be aware of the dangers posed by islamist extremist .
 'biggest loser ' winner : too thin ? <sec> social media is buzzing over `` the biggest loser '' winner 's 155-pound drop .  losing a lot of weight with unhealthy methods can be dangerous , experts say .  being too thin can be as dangerous as being obes .
 michael cera releases an album <sec> the album has 18 tracks .  jonah hill tweeted about it .  one writer compared it to beyonce 's albu .
 report : apple working on an 'iwatch ' <sec> the `` iwatch '' would have a curved screen and run on ios , report says .  the public has shown interest in `` smart '' watches on kickstarter .  apple did not immediately respond to a request for commen .
 pacquiao sets sights on mayweather bout <sec> world welterweight champion manny pacquiao has not given up on fighting floyd mayweather later this year .  the filipino is still keen to fight the american despite talks breaking down on a big-money contest in march .  pacquiao will first fight ghana 's joshua clottey in dallas on march 1 .
 study : gun homicides , violence down sharply in past 20 years <sec> firearm-related homicides and crime drop from 1993 peaks , a pew study says .  the drops parallel overall declines in violent non-fatal crime .  `` there is no consensus ... as to why it happened , '' the study says of declines .  still , america has a higher rate of homicide than any other developed natio .
 experts wary of 'shoe bomber ' communication with family <sec> richard reid was given permission to contact his family this summer .  reid pleaded guilty in 2002 to trying to blow up paris to miami flight .  he planned to use explosives hidden in his shoes to carry out the attack .  security experts fear he could use new privileges to help plot more attack .
 dzhokhar tsarnaev : immigration history not a factor in death penalty <sec> defense seeks to strike u.s. `` betrayal '' as reason for death penalty .  prosecutors want to monitor dzhokhar tsarnaev 's family visits .  tsarnaev , 20 , is accused of planting bombs at the finish line of the 2013 boston marathon .  his trial is set for early november , with the government seeking the death penalt .
 'portal 2 ' is a dark , humorous joy ( and that 's no lie ) <sec> the dark humor and tricky puzzles are back from the original , as is the twisted glados .  writing and dialogue remain a cornerstone of the series .  game was released tuesday for xbox , playstation , pc and mac .  the cake ? .  still a li .
 punk pioneers new york dolls get it right this time <sec> the new york dolls were punk pioneers , putting out two albums in early '70s .  group did n't achieve big success then , though they were very influential .  group reformed in 2004 ; new album , `` 'cause i sez so , '' has old ferocious energ .
 badwater ultramarathon : 135 miles in 130-degree heat <sec> badwater ultramarathon is 135 miles through one of the hottest deserts in the world .  it 's essential that runners bring crews who check their vitals through three-day race .  prize for finishing the course that traverses three mountain ranges ? .  a belt buckl .
 dancer paralyzed in fall , dashing olympic dreams <sec> liu yan is paralyzed while rehearsing her solo dance for the olympics ' opening .  doctors say she will not walk again .  liu wins many dance awards ; she is considered china 's top classical dancer .  she believes she will recover and exercises every da .
 the tropical island that moves <sec> the 99-meter vessel wally was designed by super-yacht designers wally .  wally island is still in the design stage awaiting a buyer .  the deck contains a tropical garden , or can be converted to a tennis cour .
 grandparents get tech savvy to keep in touch <sec> becoming grandparents can urge baby boomers to adopt new technology .  pew study finds 53 % of american adults over 65 are online .  a balance between traditional means of communication and newer methods can be ke .
 romney iphone app misspells 'america ' to web 's delight <sec> romney iphone app goes viral with misspelled `` amercia '' .  the campaign app lets users take and share photos with pro-romney slogans .  the typo has been the butt of jokes on social media .  update : campaign issued an updated version of the app wednesday that fixed proble .
 greipel takes full advantage after sprint rival cavendish caught in tour crash <sec> andre greipel wins fourth stage of the tour de france .  german greipel sprints clear of a reduced peloton in rouen .  britain 's mark cavendish brought down in crash near the finish .  fabian cancellara holds on to yellow jersey of race leade .
 ponting fined as trott ton compounds australia 's ashes problems <sec> england lead australia by 346 runs with five first-innings wickets remaining .  australia captain ricky ponting fined after arguing with umpires over decision .  he faces the prospect of an embarrassing third ashes series defeat as skipper .  jonathan trott ends second day unbeaten on 141 after adding 158 with matt prio .
 barnier : europe 's 'robin hood ' tax 'politically and morally right ' <sec> european commissioner michel barnier has endorsed a planned `` robin hood '' tax .  the european tax on financial transactions was morally right , he said .  he would like to see it extended internationally .  he said capitalism had become a `` caricature '' of itself , and wanted to restore its moralit .
 match-fixing suspect hands himself in to italian police <sec> match-fixing suspect arrested at milan 's malpensa airport on thursday .  admir suljic tells authorities that he is boarding a flight from singapore .  slovenian citizen had been on the run since december 2011 .  he is accused of being part of a syndicate which bet on italian soccer matche .
 e. coli outbreak linked to sprouts sickens 17 <sec> e. coli sickens people in idaho , michigan , montana , utah , washington .  cdc says source of e. coli outbreak likely evergreen fresh sprouts .  evergreen has not issued a recall , so the sprouts may still be available in store .
 tycoon offers hk $ 500 million to wed 'married ' daughter <sec> hong kong tycoon offers hk $ 500 million for a man to marry his daughter .  comes after gigi chao reportedly wed another woman in france last week .  chao told cnn she finds her father 's proposal `` quite entertaining .
 both candidates claim presidency in ivory coast <sec> laurent gbagbo was named president by one council in the ivory coast .  another commission named former prime minister alassane ouattara the winner .  the political chaos has raised fears of unrest and bloodshed in the west african natio .
