 houston hits record high with 104 degrees <sec> new : heat advisories for houston , dallas and new orleans .  houston swelters at 104 degrees wednesday .  temperature surpasses record high for that date set in 1980 .  forecasters expect no end in sight to scorching weather in u.s. midsectio .
 obama right on climate-change fight ( opinion ) <sec> obama has shown courage on climate : greenspan bell and blechman .  nuclear talks may offer template for progress , authors say .  top-down approach to climate policy does n't work , they sa .
 slain woman 's family sues alleged killer <sec> sheri coleman , 2 sons killed in columbia , illinois , home .  christopher coleman , husband and father , is accused in the deaths .  family says it hopes to prevent `` ill-gotten gain '' from the three death .
 a wary midwest watches the sky for another day <sec> new : forecasters warn of high winds , hail around oklahoma city .  tornado watches stretch from texas panhandle to nebraska .  sporadic warnings issued , but no immediate reports of damage .  warm gulf moisture is fueling the storm syste .
 scientists forecast a storm from climate change <sec> scientists say human activity is provoking more natural disasters in mexico .  the yucatan peninsula has suffered two maximum strength hurricanes this year .  in october , there were extreme floods in the tabasco and chiapas regions .  80 percent of tabasco was left under water , with 13 dead and 240 still missin .
 uncovering the real florence : a florentine 's view <sec> cnn spoke to florence resident tanya gray about life in the italian city .  florence is small enough to walk everywhere , big enough to stay fresh .  locals can spot the tourists -- they 're not as dressy as native florentines .  florence has a good nightlife , with many clubs and bars open lat .
 facebook urged to remove holocaust-denial groups <sec> brother of dallas mavericks owner wants facebook to remove offensive pages .  brian cuban is fighting to have holocaust denial groups banned from site .  facebook spokesman : `` being offensive or objectionable '' does n't warrant removal .  expert : deniers are drawn to social-networking sites to find like-minded peopl .
 singapore court says four suspects can be extradited to u.s . <sec> a singapore judge says the four can be extradited .  the united states has requested their extradition after an indictment .  they are accused of illegally sending devices from a u.s. company to iran .  prosecutors say the u.s. electronics turned up in undetonated improvised explosives in ira .
 china 's economy grows 7.8 % for 2012 , better than expected <sec> china 's economy grew 7.9 % in the fourth quarter , slightly better than expectations .  the world 's second largest economy grew 7.8 % for the year in 2012 .  fourth quarter growth rate bucked seven straight quarters of decline .
 unlikely singing sensation eyes date with queen <sec> unexpected star grabs spotlight with more than 11 million youtube hits .  susan boyle fans want her to release an album -- now .  performance on `` britain 's got talent '' won standing ovation .  the unemployed charity worker lives in northeast scotland with pet ca .
 clinton says she 'misspoke ' about sniper fire <sec> sen. hillary clinton has told of dangerous arrival in bosnia in 1996 under sniper fire .  video footage of arrival shows clinton and daughter walking calmly from plane .  clinton recounted story in effort to show her foreign policy experience .  obama campaign says clinton has `` exaggerated her role '' in foreign polic .
 nj governor puts sandy damage at $ 29.4 billion <sec> new : the estimate includes damage to property , businesses and infrastructure .  new : it is subject to change .  new : odd-even gas rationing ends in new york city .  more than 30,000 people remain without power in new york and new jerse .
 creating a chic interview style <sec> experts tell job seekers they should look their best at interviews .  ann taylor fashion chief separates perfectly acceptable -- more versatile than suit .  isaac mizrahi : classic suit with modern details like fitted tailoring , three-quarter sleeves .  j . .  crew design director : punch up your look with a sleek , colorful ba .
 tax evasion is a national pastime afflicting southern europe <sec> `` shadow economies '' are defined as areas that fall beyond the reach of the taxman .  they include self-employed and family businesses , which tend to deal in cash and pay little tax .  for greece , italy , spain and portugal , they represent sizable portions of the gd .
 honduran congress names provisional president <sec> honduran congress strips president of powers , names provisional president .  obama statement : `` i call on all ... to respect democratic norms '' .  military detains president jose manuel zelaya , flies him to costa rica .  zelaya says he plans to continue exercising presidential dutie .
 life savings gone , 'madoffed ' best-selling writer back at work <sec> best-selling author alexandra penney lost life savings in alleged fraud scheme .  bernie madoff 's alleged $ 50 billion ponzi scheme affected investors worldwide .  `` this is not a human being . .  this is ... a sociopath , '' penney says of madoff .  penney will return to writing and might sell real estate , jewelry to pay the bill .
 eurostar cancels weekend service after weather chokes off channel tunnel <sec> new : eurostar cancels all weekend service due to weather-induced problems .  new : a sixth train broke down saturday after eurostar tried to run four trains from london .  affected passengers offered refund , return tickets , cash .  eurostar recommends passengers change tickets for later date or seek refun .
 former border agents optimistic about future after prison release <sec> ignacio ramos and jose compean begin their supervised release friday .  men say they look forward to being with family , putting incident behind them .  `` there are more important things than the people that have done this , '' ramos says .  president bush in january commuted their sentences for shooting drug smuggle .
 with military short on funds , two airmen get private flyover at burial <sec> james sizemore and howard andre jr. were shot down over laos in 1969 .  the remains of the majors were n't discovered until april .  the nonprofit warrior aviation provided the private flyover at arlingto .
 iran accuses israeli leaders of war crimes <sec> islamic prosecutors draft indictment against israeli leaders over gaza offensive .  iranian president ahmadinejad says `` zionist criminals '' should face justice .  human rights watch says evidence israel committed war crimes .  israeli spokesman says claims are `` hysterical , hostile ... not based on solid fact .
 bush signs bill raising auto fuel efficiency standards <sec> new law raises auto fuel efficiency standards .  increase to fleet average of 35 miles per gallon is first in 32 years .  senate majority leader calls bill a `` great , wonderful first step .
 israel wrong to demand jonathan pollard 's release <sec> roland martin : jonathan pollard should remain jailed .  pollard was convicted of espionage for giving u.s. secrets to israel .  martin says israel should stop efforts to win pollard 's freedo .
 dubai makes u-turn on cooking with alcohol ban <sec> dubai officials calling meeting to clarify regulations .  stricter alcohol cooking rules may be brought in .  back-and-forth on ban may be result of increased complaints .  dubai demographics strikingly unique with 85 percent foreigner .
 slain california girl 's sister praises support , seeks justice <sec> sister `` will not have peace until this person is found '' .  norma lopez 's body was discovered tuesday .  norma dreamed of being a fashion designer , makeup artist or model .  authorities believe teen was taking a shortcut home when abducte .
 five trends to watch at ces <sec> the international consumer electronics show starts monday in las vegas .  tvs will get bigger ( and curved ) , and will add more `` smart '' features .  tiny sensors will lead to a boom in home and wearable gadget .
 internet prodigy , activist aaron swartz commits suicide <sec> swartz 's family says federal prosecutors and mit `` contributed to his death '' .  swartz , 26 , was found friday after he hung himself , me 's office and his family says .  he helped pioneer the internet 's icons of rss and reddit at a young age .  swartz then became an aggressive internet activist , landing him in legal troubl .
 fifa chief admits world cup ticket errors <sec> fifa general secretary jerome valcke admits south africa 2010 ticketing errors .  internet-system was wrong way to sell tickets to african fans , valcke says .  valcke says fifa will engage with brazilian culture before deciding system for 201 .
 obama blasts gop 'rigidity ' in cnn interview <sec> president obama says greatest terror threat now comes from possible `` lone wolf '' attack .  obama says he will be `` accountable '' for economy but blasts gop cost-control plans .  obama tells wolf blitzer he 's not thinking much about possible gop opponents .  obama says he 'll cut perry slack over claim that military members want veteran in offic .
 nigeria : u.n. seeks $ 174 million for boko haram victims <sec> boko haram has killed thousands in the nation 's northeast since 2009 .  aid agencies are scrambling to provide the refugees with clean water , shelter , food and educatio .
 anne rice defends paula deen , refers to 'lynch mob culture ' <sec> anne rice has come to paula deen 's defense on facebook .  the author began by asking whether what 's happening to deen is fair .  she also wondered if the present reaction is akin to a 'lynch mob culture .
 25-year sentence in family research council shooting <sec> the family research council is a christian group focusing on many social issues .  the man who took the shooter 's gun said : `` i forgive you but i do not forget '' .  the shooter , floyd corkins , disagreed with the council 's stance against gay marriag .
 did seaworld stuff ballots for 'blackfish ' poll ? <sec> seaworld computers poured votes into an online poll about the park .  orlando paper asked whether cnn 's `` blackfish '' film had changed opinions .  more than half of early votes traced to an internet address were from seaworld ip .  the park says concerned employees are responsible for the vote .
 cnn student news - may 6 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 google to launch wi-fi balloon experiment <sec> the balloons are designed to bring the internet to remote places , google says .  30 balloons are being released in new zealand for a trial of the technology .  the superpressure balloons carry radio transmitters and gps , use solar power .  homes fitted with a special antenna should be able to connect to the balloon networ .
 thomas hitzlsperger becomes first high-profile gay footballer <sec> former germany international footballer thomas hitzlsperger comes out as gay .  the 31-year-old says he wants to further the debate about homosexuality in sport .  hitzlsperger played at the world cup and european championship for germany .  he said the viewpoint that `` gays are soft '' was a common and misplaced clichãƒâ .
 james brady , former reagan press secretary , dies - cnnpolitics.com <sec> james brady was seriously wounded in the 1981 attempt on ronald reagan 's life .  he became one of the most prominent gun-control advocates .  brady inspired a law named for him that requires background checks on gun purchases .  he made an ad for gun-control advocate gabby giffords , also wounded in a shootin .
 chris brown vma party turns violent ; 'suge ' knight shot <sec> new : former rap mogul suge knight is one of the 3 people shot , deputy says .  `` it 's disappointing , '' chris brown tweets about the outbreak of violence at party .  all three victims are expected to recover from their gunshot wounds , deputy says .  sheriff 's department investigating ; no arrests have been mad .
 casey kasem hospitalized as feud between wife , daughter continues <sec> jean kasem threw meat at her stepdaughter before the radio icon was taken to a hospital .  kerri kasem had a court order allowing her to get her father checked by a doctor .  jean kasem had moved casey from a california nursing home to washington state .  the legal battle to gain conservatorship over his care will continue frida .
 halted after deaths , kids ' heart surgeries resuming <sec> kentucky children 's hospital halted its heart surgeries in 2012 .  the hospital is resuming its pediatric heart surgery program .  parents of five babies who died still do n't have answers .  kentucky children 's says it 's doing things differently no .
 polish ambassador hurt in baghdad bombing <sec> new : polish diplomat released from hospital , will be treated further in europe .  blast injures the envoy , gen. edward pietrzyk , and kills five .  car bombs in baghdad neighborhood strike polish convoy .  new joint chiefs chairman begins weeklong visit to iraq , afghanista .
 defiant gordon wins 12th stage of dakar rally as coma takes over bikes lead <sec> nascar star robby gordon wins 12th stage of dakar rally in peru .  gordon powered through the dunes to win by over 15 minutes .  stephane peterhansel remains top of overall standings .  marc coma of spain reclaims lead in motorcycle sectio .
 white house aides not immune from subpoenas , judge says <sec> new : miers , others could still assert executive privilege during testimony , judge says .  new : issue may be moot ; subpoenas expire when this congress ends in november .  white house claim of immunity `` without any support in case law , '' judge says .  house judiciary committee wants former bush aide harriet miers to testif .
 hard to find , but totally worth it <sec> these ten word-of-mouth addresses are worth investigating .  at the fromagerie mons , in roanne , france , witness the maturing of cheese in march .  carlson 's of fishtown in northern michigan is so obscure that google maps ca n't find i .
 report : secret service stretched 'beyond its limits ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> an independent review of the secret service has found that it needs more training and more staff .  the review said the service is too insular and needs a director from outside its ranks .  it also recommended a taller white house fence , with its top curved outwar .
 commentary : tears of joy for justice <sec> michael olivas : judge sonia sotomayor 's nomination is a historic moment .  he says she has the personal and professional qualificiations to be confirmed .  olivas : in american culture , latinos are marginalized and feared .  he says sotomayor 's nomination sends an important message of hop .
 official : man 's death at turner field ruled a suicide <sec> ronald homer , 30 , fell during a braves-phillies baseball game .  the cause of death is blunt force trauma , medical examiner 's office says .  his was the second such death at an atlanta sporting venue in the last yea .
 author drops cash from airplane to promote book <sec> indonesian businessman circles soccer field eight times , dumping bags of cash .  men snatch bills from youngsters ; one man stuffs blue cap with money .  businessman wanted to pull stunt over jakarta , but police feared chaos .  author once rode on horseback through jakarta , dressed as war her .
 suspect in georgia cracker barrel beating is out of jail on bail <sec> troy dale west jr. released on $ 320,000 bond .  lawyer says judge ordered west to be under house arrest .  man told to surrender his passport , not contact victim .  man charged after alleged racist beating at a cracker barrel restauran .
 mazembe stun internacional to reach club world cup final <sec> congolese side tp mazembe beat internacional 2-0 in fifa club world cup semifinal .  it is the first time an african side has ever reached the prestigious final .  goals from mulota kubangu and dioko kaluyituka secured victory .  mazembe will face inter milan or korean side seongnam ilhwa fc in saturday 's fina .
 commentary : 2008 campaign attack ads hit an all-time low <sec> darrell west : negative attacks have long history in u.s. politics .  this year 's ads have hit new lows for distorting the truth , west says .  ads against mccain and obama have twisted their words , he says .  west : voters should use fact-checking resources in media and on the we .
 microsoft makes a big grab for smartphone customers <sec> microsoft will officially unveil its new windows phone 8 operating system on monday .  the company only accounts for a sliver of the smartphone market .  the launch is part of a marketing push which includes windows 8 and the surface tablet .  microsoft is going up against apple 's ios and google 's android operating system .
 lampard fires four as second-placed chelsea smash seven past villa <sec> chelsea crush aston villa 7-1 to stay a point behind english leaders manchester united .  frank lampard nets four goals to become chelsea 's third-highest all-time scorer .  united beat bolton 4-0 as dimitar berbatov scores twice in absence of wayne rooney .  third-placed arsenal 's title hopes dented after conceding a late equalizer at birmingha .
 explore space from earth <sec> experience the g-force accelerator rocketing you 140 feet in 2.5 seconds .  explore the `` dark universe '' without leaving new york city .  tour the world 's first purpose-built commercial spaceport in new mexico .  visit canada 's star trek museum in the perfectly-named town of vulca .
 dalai lama urges u.s. to address rich-poor issue <sec> new : dalai lama lauds u.s. founding principles , decries gap between rich and poor .  pelosi calls dalai lama `` one of the most highly honored peacemakers of our time '' .  dalai lama is in washington for conference and to meet u.s. officials .  he wo n't meet with president obama , who plans to visit him next month in asi .
 inter new boy eto'o denies mourinho 'rift ' <sec> inter milan unveil samuel eto'o after he completes his transfer from barcelona .  eto'o has signed five-year deal and moves in a swap deal for zlatan ibrahimovic .  cameroon striker denies any past dispute with his new coach jose mourinh .
 commentary : yes , we can eradicate malaria <sec> dr. anthony fauci : eradicating malaria was dismissed as impossible .  he says a reassessment shows the disease can be wiped out over time .  fauci says malaria sickens 250 million and kills nearly a million a year .  fauci says it will take coordinated effort , including more researc .
 giant iceberg heading toward australia <sec> the iceberg , measuring 140 square km cleaved off an ice shelf nearly 10 years ago .  named b17b , it was about 1,056 miles ( 1,700 km ) off the coast of west austraiia .  in november this year a flotilla of icebergs was spotted drifting towards new zealand 's coas .
 u.s. blacklists al-nusra front fighters in syria <sec> president barack obama recognizes a syrian opposition coalition .  syrian state news reports no attack in aqrab , a village in hama .  the united states designates the al-nusra front as a foreign terrorist organization .  the u.s. treasury also imposes sanctions on two pro-government militia group .
 atlantis blasts off towards space station <sec> new : the space shuttle atlantis blasted off monday on schedule at 2:28 p.m . .  et .  shuttle launched on schedule from the kennedy space center near cape canaveral .  the delivery of key spare parts will add years to the space station 's life .  the space shuttle fleet is to be retired next yea .
 cabinet fired after two yemeni officials resign over deadly protests <sec> new : yemen announces probe of protest crackdown that killed 52 people .  president saleh dismisses his entire cabinet .  a top ruling party official says saleh needs to think about quitting .  the human rights minister and ambassador to the united nations step dow .
 brazil 's firms mine african opportunities <sec> mining giant vale is one of the many brazilian firms eying africa 's potential .  it plans to spend more than $ 12 billion on investments in africa over the next five years .  analysts say brazil is very keen to avoid being viewed as `` neo-imperialist '' power .  trade between brazil and africa jumped from $ 4 billion in 2000 to $ 20 billion in 201 .
 bassist for pearl jam mugged in atlanta <sec> pearl jam 's bassist was mugged in atlanta , georgia , on april 27 , police say .  jeff ament and one of the band 's employees were outside recording studio .  police say masked men with knives snatched more than $ 7,300 in cash and goods .  ament suffered head lacerations , which were treated at the scen .
 a way forward for pregnant , homeless women <sec> martha ryan 's group reaches out to women who are pregnant and homeless in san francisco .  it offers not only free prenatal care , but social services to help women turn their lives around .  by helping families out of poverty , the program is also benefiting society , taxpayers .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2013 cnn heroe .
 why federer 's friend is flying the swiss flag at london 2012 <sec> stanislas wawrinka will carry switzerland 's olympic flag for london 2012 .  fellow gold medalist roger federer declined role for opening ceremony .  they won gold together as a doubles pairing at beijing games in 2008 .  wawrinka has spent most of his tennis career in shadow of his friend federe .
