 sony apologizes for playstation breach , offers compensation <sec> the playstation network allows users to play games with friends worldwide .  it also allows users to download movies and games over the internet .  it went offline on april 20 after a hacker stole personal information from its 77 million user .
 sharapova strolls into fourth round of french open <sec> former world no . .  1 maria sharapova cruises into fourth round at roland garros .  russian seventh seed seeking to win the only grand slam yet to elude her .  fourth seed victoria azarenka also progresses into the last 16 in paris .  belarusian joined by chinese sixth seed li na and czech no . .  9 petra kvitov .
 oklahoma civil rights activist clara luper dies <sec> clara luper died wednesday at 88 .  luper was an active member of the oklahoma naacp .  she is survived by her daughters , son and grandchildren .  in 1958 , luper organized a sit-in at a oklahoma city drug stor .
 florida officials re-examine anna nicole smith 's death <sec> broward county , florida , prosecutors taking new look at death of anna nicole smith .  ex-playboy playmate found dead in florida hotel room in february 2007 .  coroner : smith died of accidental overdose of prescription drugs .  smith 's boyfriend , two doctors charged recently in california drug cas .
 opinion : do n't blame apple ; blame the tax code <sec> congressional committee strongly criticized apple 's handling of taxes .  will marshall : do n't make apple the scapegoat for a flawed corporate tax code .  he says corporations face world 's highest rate and a dysfunctional system .  marshall : u.s. corporate tax code should empower firms in global competitio .
 official key to implementation of obamacare resigns <sec> gary cohen leads the agency that that made many of the rules for the affordable care act .  he led the creation of the online marketplaces for open enrollment .  obama 's signature healthcare program has a goal of 6 million enrollments for 2014 .  it currently has 4 million and would need a record number of enrollments to make the goa .
 opinion : why kony 2012 created the wrong buzz <sec> invisible children 's `` kony 2012 '' cemented the legitimacy of social media for global engagement , says tms ruge .  but the world bank social media strategist says the film created `` wrong conversation and wrong buzz '' . .  film told same story about africa and failed to empower locals to change the situation , argues tms ruge . .  ruge expects the ugandans engaged in this conversation to realize that they have a right to exercise their agency .
 'where are you from ? ' is not the right question <sec> moustafa bayoumi : like many americans , i have a hyphenated identity .  he says he 's of egyptian descent but that does n't fully describe him .  bayoumi was born in switzerland , raised in canada and now lives in new york .  he says , `` today , identity is too easily turned into a rallying cry for purity and violence . .
 in oklahoma , a tornado 'looking at us right in the eye ' <sec> new : 3 drown in missouri , governor says .  new : illinois mayor says school 's gym , dozens of homes damaged .  weather service survey team finds evidence of ef3 tornado .  a mother and child are among 9 killed in the oklahoma city metro area , officials sa .
 lawsuit filed over new york same-sex marriage law <sec> lawsuit claims marriage equality act was illegally made law .  open meeting laws , senate rules were broken , lawsuit claims .  lobbyists , public kept away from lawmakers , lawsuit charges .  new yorkers for constitutional freedom is the main plaintif .
 analysis : google-china flap déjà vu for microsoft <sec> the battle between google and china parallels a 1994 fight involving microsoft .  sixteen years to the day of google 's china pullout , bill gates was in beijing .  in the intervening years , china has become integral to microsoft 's global business pla .
 opinion : for many egyptians , there is no alternative but el-sisi <sec> field marshal abdel fattah el-sisi has resigned from egypt 's armed forces to run for president .  adel el-adawy says el-sisi enjoys the support of the state and of the street .  el-sisi 's presidencial bid is strengthened by the support of egypt 's gulf allies , he says .  but el-adawy says el-sisi 's success as president would still depend on his ability to delive .
 nba preseason canceled , season opening in jeopardy <sec> new : the first 2 weeks of the regular season are in jeopardy .  new : canceling the preseason brings a revenue loss of about $ 200 million , the nba commissioner says .  the lockout has lasted three month .
 48 years after mlk march , voting rights still vulnerable <sec> nicolaus mills remembers mlk 's march from selma to montgomery for voting rights .  king was fighting for voting rights , he says , 48 years later , voting issues are re-emerging .  mills : today 's voter suppression is subtle compared with the past 's crude , racist attempts .  mills : as we honor mlk , we should fight voter id laws and attempts to erode voting right .
 11 more bodies found after russian oil rig collapse <sec> new : the bodies bring the death toll to 16 .  67 people were aboard the oil rig when it capsized sunday .  it happened in the sea of okhotsk in the north pacifi .
 senator : china orders hotels to help spy on internet users <sec> sen. sam brownback cites document he says is from chinese agency .  brownback : foreign-owned hotels in china told to install equipment on computers .  athletes , journalists , visitors could be subjected to chinese spying , senator say .
 deadbeat art buyers rise in china <sec> as art sales in china grow , so are the difficulties receiving payment for auction buys .  rise in art sales defaults comes in tandem with asia 's growing impact on the global art market .  sotheby 's recently introduced a policy where all bidders must pay a minimum deposit .  `` up until 2008 , asia was 2-4 % of group sales . .  today , 25 % of our buyers come from ( asia ) .
 canadians watching u.s. debt impasse with concern <sec> canadian businessmen fear a u.s. default would hit their nation hard .  canada is the united states ' largest trading partner .  some businessmen are frustrated with u.s. fiscal policies .  `` we pay our debt , '' many say about their homelan .
 opinion : $ 2 billion for the clippers ? steve ballmer , are you serious ? <sec> ex-microsoft ceo steve ballmer offered $ 2 billion to buy the clippers .  mike downey says it 's hard to imagine how the team could be worth that much .  despite recent uptick in team 's quality , it has long history of woeful play , he says .  downey : owner donald sterling 's racist remarks have further tarnished the franchis .
 russians : sochi rounding up , killing stray dogs before winter olympics <sec> russian animal rights activists accuse authorities of campaign to exterminate street dogs .  government-backed shelter met with distrust by animal rights groups .  reports of the widespread culling of animals put city and olympic officials on the defensiv .
 federer to surrender world no . 1 ranking after pulling out of paris masters <sec> roger federer will surrender his world no . .  1 status by missing paris masters .  the swiss pulls out of the penultimate tournament of 2012 with injury .  federer lost the swiss indoors final to juan martin del potro on sunday .  novak djokovic now guaranteed to retain the top ranking at the end of 201 .
 armenians denounce kobe bryant deal with turkish airlines <sec> armenian diaspora in n. america launched media and internet campaign .  turkey officially denies a genocide took place .  an annual source of tension between turkey and the united states .  bryant will make tv and print commercials as part of the dea .
 autopsy : boyzone member , 33 , died of natural causes <sec> boyzone singer stephen gately , 33 , died saturday in majorca .  cause was acute pulmonary edema , preliminary autopsy showed .  judge authorizes family to transfer body out of spain .  boyzone had six no . .  1 singles in u.k. , four no . .  1 album .
 black history month is still necessary <sec> historian carter g. woodson created black history week to highlight the history and achievements of african americans .  some argue that relegating african american history to one week or month per year is too constraining .  martha s. jones : the month ensures `` that understandings of the black past extend beyond ivy-covered towers .
 opinion : will the u.s. negotiate with terrorists ? <sec> peter bergen : the u.s. wo n't negotiate with terrorists , but will it make an exception ? .  sgt . .  bowe bergdahl is believed to be held by the haqqani group , a terror wing of afghan taliban .  bergen : talks would be held with afghan taliban , which is not directly a terrorist group .  bergen : u.s. combat troops leaving afghanistan , it 's time to swap pows , including bergdah .
 pentagon finds iraq safer but iran a threat <sec> pentagon report assesses progress in iraq from september to november .  iran `` continues to ... oppose ... a fully secure and stable iraq '' by supporting militants .  report cites `` fragile '' improvements in economy , security , rule of law .  `` iraq remains fragile because ... power brokers do n't share a unified national vision .
 pet hair , poop and other cleaning challenges <sec> use rubber gloves to attack pet hair on furniture .  reach for the baking soda in case of wet pet messes .  allergic to cats ? .  spray the cat down with allerpet .  use natural cleaning products to protect your pet .
 myanmar protesters beaten , arrested <sec> police in town north of yangon , myanmar , crack down on students marching in protest of an education bill .  `` the public and we are losing confidence in the democratic transitions , '' says trade unions spokesma .
 spaceshiptwo pilots had many years of experience <sec> pilot who survived identified as peter siebold , 43 , sheriff 's office says .  authorities identify pilot who died as michael tyner alsbury , 39 .  virgin group founder richard branson vows to find out 'what went wrong ' .  both pilots worked for virgin galactic 's partner , scaled composite .
 venezuela violates human rights , oas commission reports <sec> report : judiciary and legislature lack independence in dealings with president .  `` punitive power of the state '' is used against political opponents , report says .  president hugo chavez 's critics cite trumped-up charges , punishing of media .  chavez credited for observing rights regarding economic , social , cultural matter .
 gao : investigators drove 'explosive ' into secure port <sec> transportation security at risk , report says .  worker ids easily faked , gao finds .  plus unqualified people can get real credentials , report say .
 an ied took a veteran 's leg , not her fighting spirit <sec> melissa stockwell was deployed to iraq with the u.s. army in march 2004 .  three weeks later , stockwell 's humvee hit a roadside bomb .  she lost her left leg , becoming the first female amputee in operation iraqi freedom .  she swam in the 2008 paralympics and now is a champion paratriathlet .
 travolta , preston heartbroken over son 's death <sec> parents say jett travolta , 16 , was a `` most wonderful son '' .  jett travolta died in the bahamas after seizure , attorney says .  an autopsy is expected to be performed monday .  ireport.com : parents share stories of unimaginable los .
 photo appears to show bruised rihanna ; police probe leak <sec> los angeles police investigating leak of photo of a battered woman .  tmz web site says photo is of r & b singer rihanna .  rihanna allegedly attacked by her boyfriend , singer chris brown , on february 8 .  the two were scheduled to perform at the grammy .
 navy 's fortis exoskeleton makes workers more productive <sec> new exoskeleton allows operators to lift heavy tools as if they were weightless .  called fortis , it is developed by lockheed martin and has attracted interest from the u.s. navy .  it works by transferring the load down to the ground and is unpowered .  an ergonomic design permits freedom of movement and adapts to different body type .
 abandon afghanistan ? a dumb idea <sec> white house aide suggested all u.s. troops could be withdrawn from afghanistan .  peter bergen said the idea would be dangerous and send the wrong message .  he says u.s. has abandoned afghanistan before and saw the rise of the taliban .  bergen : u.s. is seeking agreement that military will have immunity from prosecutio .
 baby who survived car crash into utah river gets better <sec> family says lily is awake -- smiling , laughing and singing with her grandfather .  she was unresponsive when officer jared warner rushed her into an ambulance .  the baby girl may have been trapped in the car in the cold river for about 14 hour .
 congress proves 'able ' to get something done <sec> legislation regarding people with disabilities has bipartisan backing in both chambers .  it allows people with disabilities to creat tax-free bank accounts .  the bill passed the house with 404 votes and now goes to the senat .
 u.s. watchdog to review airline safety program <sec> watchdog agency to look at system that allows airlines to self-report problems .  congress sought review to ensure that voluntary approach not abused by airlines , faa .  previous investigation found that faa inspectors were too cozy with southwest airline .
 hollywood 's toughest role : parent of a young celebrity <sec> predators , parasites and parents who do n't act like parents are culprits .  michael lohan : `` you ca n't socialize with your kids '' .  managers , agents try to separate 18-year-old stars from their parents , mother says .  `` there is no one to say 'no ' if your parent ca n't say 'no ' to you , '' rehab doctor say .
 pentagon probes whether u.s. troops killed by enemy fire <sec> u.s. forces were in helicopter crash in southern afghanistan .  pentagon received report that troops came under mortar fire after crash .  officials say no conclusions reached yet in crash initially blamed on mechanical failure .  tuesday 's toll worst single-day for u.s. troops since august 201 .
 bitter election fight polarizes turkey <sec> pm recep tayyip erdogan was forced into early elections ; new poll on sunday .  many parts of turkey are seeing impressive economic progress .  erdogan 's critics argue his akp party has islamist tendencies .  final polls suggest the akp is heading for another victor .
 does pre-k work ? ask old people <sec> john sutter : research proves the effectiveness of preschool .  president barack obama recently said all americans should have access .  sutter : preschool could be a great equalizer for rich and poor .  he says studies show its effects last into a person 's 40s and 50 .
 atp rewards tennis stars with increased prize fund <sec> the atp have announced an increase in the prize fund available at tour events .  the total prize fund will increase to $ 90 million over the next three years .  the world tour finals jackpot will have reached $ 6.5m by 201 .
 south korean president to donate fortune <sec> president lee myung-bak to donate $ 26 million , the bulk of his wealth , to charity .  president 's office says money will be used to set up youth scholarship program .  lee promised to donate wealth in 2007 when accused of illegally amassing fortune .  he was since been cleared of all charge .
 in the face of terror , keep calm <sec> david rothkopf : boston blasts remind us of our vulnerability and fragility of state of mind .  he says first duties : care for victims , assess threat . .  then , keep cool ; this a lesson of 9/11 .  he says too-quick response to terror can compound its effects , encourage terrorists .  rothkopf : we 've been here before . .  crucial to stay calm , rational , maintain orde .
 green fury over china 's golfing hawaii <sec> hainan is at the center of an environmental row over development of golf courses .  mission hills has three courses , a 525-room hotel , restaurants and plans for shopping malls .  greenpeace alarmed by trend on island which has rainforests and rare species .  golf environment organization calls for transparency over course developmen .
 this week on marketplace middle east <sec> mme assesses how the drought in morocco will affect the country 's economic outlook .  fouad douiri , morocco 's minister of energy and environment , discusses the impact on the country 's farmers .  morocco 's king mohammed tours the gulf promoting business relations and seeking investmen .
 rains , violence leave somali kids hungry <sec> group says it 's treating 1,300 malnourished children in galcayo in somalia .  rain could eventually ease crisis by bringing down food prices , official says .  woman says food helping measles-stricken daughter who lost sigh .
 deadly home invasion rattles new hampshire town <sec> four teens charged in sunday incident in mont vernon .  42-year-old woman was killed ; 10-year-old daughter severely injured .  woman 's husband was away on business at time of incident .  `` this type of murder does not happen very often , '' state official say .
 ramsay : no one should suffer abuse like my mum <sec> gordon ramsay says his father battled alcohol and abused ramsay 's mom .  ramsay says 1 in 4 women in the uk experience domestic violence .  he tries to fight the problem by speaking out and raising mone .
 fully biometric airports becoming a reality <sec> biometric technology identifies people via physiological characteristics .  it is fast becoming a reality in most major airports worldwide .  civil liberties groups say biometrics increase the risk of identity theft .  facial recognition is accepted by the u.n. as the global biometric standar .
 painkiller epidemic is so bad , dea turns to texting <sec> dea creates a tip line to fight prescription drug abuse .  painkiller abuse killed more people in 2008 than cocaine and heroin combined .  georgia dea hopes the tip line will be a model for the rest of the countr .
 nepal earthquake : time not on our side ( opinion ) <sec> a magnitude-7.8 earthquake struck near kathmandu , nepal .  carolyn miles : many survivors will have nowhere to g .
 prado museum displays unique copy of the 'mona lisa ' <sec> the painting is believed to be the earliest known copy of the `` mona lisa '' .  evidence shows it was painted at the same time and in the same studio as the original .  the background was painted over with black during the 18th century .  the restored copy has background details linking it more closely to the origina .
 atlanta 's airport busiest in world <sec> atlanta topped beijing and london 's heathrow to take the no . .  1 spot .  more than 95 million passengers traveled through hartsfield-jackson last year .  tokyo and chicago 's o'hare rounded out the top fiv .
 oliver stone drops out of martin luther king jr. project <sec> oliver stone will not write and direct the mlk biopic .  the director tweeted about it on friday .  he ended the tweets with a note to kin .
 schwarzenegger : california will sue federal government <sec> california governor upset about feds ' rejection of state greenhouse gas plan .  epa denies state waiver that would have allowed it to cut emissions faster .  governor says california 's plan is more effective and quicker than feds ' plan .  schwarzenegger : bush administration not taking global warming seriousl .
 why ryan has edge in vp debate <sec> with the race close , thursday 's vp debate matters in a new way , says timothy stanley .  biden and ryan embody the differences between the two parties , stanley says .  being younger and less erratic than biden gives ryan an edge , he says .  stanley : as a rule , biden does better in front of loud , sympathetic audience .
 lgbt in uganda : seeking acceptance from family , homeland <sec> malcolm , who is transgender , say most pain was inflicted by his family .  lgbt activist says she 'd rather be jailed than forced out of uganda .  `` i would condemn him . .  i would hate him , but i would counsel him , '' mother says of gay so .
 aide fired over florida debate foul <sec> during a break , sink is shown a text message from an aide .  sink campaign says the sender was angry at scott 's `` distortion of facts '' .  debate rules say no notes are allowed .  the incident takes place during the cnn/st . .  petersburg times televised debat .
 youtube 'brings sexy back ' to charity work <sec> youtube 's video volunteers page aims to `` bring sexy back '' to charitable fundraising .  page pairs nonprofits with video producers to create video clips for deserving charities .  project averages 75 videos a month ; the best are featured on youtube 's main page .  video creator says online offerings need to be offbeat , personal , interactiv .
 premier league liverpool suffers cup humiliation at minnow oldham <sec> premier league liverpool crash out of fa cup after shock defeat by third-tier oldham athletic .  oldham , currently 19th in its division , won 3-2 with two goals from matt smith .  chelsea needed late equalizer to claim a replay at minnow brentford .  tottenham suffers embarrassing defeat away at leeds unite .
 beck says he wanted to reclaim civil rights 'from politics ' <sec> civil rights movement was about `` people of faith , '' beck says .  `` i do n't agree with '' the movement 's economic agenda , he say .
