 worker falls to his death at kennedy space center , nasa says <sec> new : nasa spokesman : `` nothing major , no hazardous operation ( was ) taking place '' .  swing-arm engineer was found on another level of launch pad , his employer says .  the contract worker fell while preparing space shuttle endeavour for its final flight .  counseling and assistance are being provided to workers , nasa say .
 kentucky u.s. senate contest is a key race in midterms - cnnpolitics.com <sec> labor day is the unofficial end of summer and the unofficial start to campaign season .  as much as $ 3.4 billion could be spent on advertising for this midterm election .  here are five must-follow races for these midterm .
 'batman v superman ' : henry cavill as clark kent <sec> the rmctf tweeted a photo of henry cavill as clark kent .  the british actor is a supporter of the rmctf .  cavill will co-star with ben affleck in the 2016 movi .
 weather service warns of 'certain death ' in face of ike <sec> life-threatening floods expected in parts of coastal texas , agency says .  hurricane ike could make landfall near galveston island as early as saturday .  about 100,000 evacuated from houston ; 4 million more told to stay .  all of galveston island ordered to evacuate ; special needs evacuations complete .
 five killed , 10 critically injured when minivan crashes in louisiana <sec> state police : 15 people were in the minivan , only two in seatbelts .  crash occurred after minivan blew a tire , trooper says .  crash near baton rouge shut down i-10 in both directions for about two hour .
 texas asks high court to temporarily block redistricting map <sec> a federal court panel drew the map after the state legislature 's map was challenged .  texas government officials say the federal plan is `` fatally flawed '' .  texas is getting four new congressional seat .
 naacp names cornell william brooks as new president <sec> cornell william brooks is a longtime lawyer and activist .  a fourth-generation ordained minister , he worked as a senior counsel for the fcc .  the naacp will make a formal introduction at its national conventio .
 zimbabwe jails three drivers linked to sky news <sec> three sky news drivers found guilty of possession of tv equipment .  police claim the defendants are journalists but the men deny the claim .  drivers sentenced to six months in prison with little chance of an early release .  zimbabwe accused of some of world 's most restrictive laws for journalist .
 'wheel of fortune ' contestant has epic win <sec> a contestant guess correctly with only two letters revealed .  pat sajack said he was `` rather stunned '' .  the win netted him $ 45,00 .
 why the senate keystone vote is important <sec> the senate blocked a bill that would have authorized construction of the keystone pipeline .  the bill is being championed by democratic sen. mary landrieu ahead of her dec. 6 run-off election .  landrieu had 14 of the 15 democrats she needs to reach the 60 votes necessary for passag .
 former romanian prime minister sentenced to probation for blackmail <sec> former romanian prime minister adrian nastase is found guilty of blackmail .  both he and his wife , who was convicted on a separate charge , are put on probation .  nastase has said the trial was ordered by his political rival , president traian basescu .  nastase was convicted in january on separate corruption charge .
 common end-of-life medical terms <sec> former south african president nelson mandela clings to life with recurrent lung infection .  in end-of-life and critical care situations , doctors sometimes use unfamiliar terms .  a specialist at the mayo clinic helps explain some of these term .
 news media sue to open probe into utah mine disaster <sec> news media group asks court to stop probe until judge rules whether to open it .  investigation being done by mine safety and health administration .  media coalition also requests transcripts of any closed meetings already held .  six miners trapped when mine collapsed august 6 ; three died in rescue tr .
 indian police accused of torture <sec> human rights watch accuses indian police of abuses .  group blames colonial-era police system rather than individuals .  no immediate comment from indian authoritie .
 battleground polls seem to give obama upper hand over romney <sec> obama holds advantage in polls in several key battleground states .  romney sees being tied with incumbent president as advantage for challenger .  romney must win all the states mccain won in 2008 and a half dozen that obama won .  gop strategist : romney has been resilient , must show voters he can get back on his fee .
 sculptures reflect violent life on the border -- and death <sec> artist says piñatas in shape of decapitated heads represent border violence .  abel saucedo used pressure gun with red paint to create gunshot wounds .  saucedo says violence is a `` way of life '' in u.s.-mexico border communities .  `` ciudad juarez es the .1 , '' is on display at el paso 's public library in texa .
 an insider 's guide to havana <sec> cuba has two currencies , but tourists will mainly stick with convertible pesos .  rum cocktails are a classic cuban drink , and there are plenty to choose from .  see havana in style in a gran car -- state-owned vintage american car .
 t. boone pickens : the u.s. needs a 'wind bank ' <sec> billionaire t. boone pickens says the u.s. should establish a federal `` wind bank '' .  the federally funded loan program would finance large-scale wind developments .  pickens spoke wednesday at the clean-tech investor summit in california .  his plan calls for spending $ 150 billion to install wind turbines in the midwes .
 box office report : 'dark knight rises ' wins again with $ 64.1 million <sec> `` the dark knight rises '' won this weekend 's box office race .  `` the watch '' did n't do as well .  despite success `` dark knight rises '' is performing below initial expectation .
 israeli foreign minister spurns annapolis peace process <sec> israel is bound to follow `` road map '' process instead , he says .  annapolis peace conference deal is n't binding , lieberman says .  state department says u.s. stands by annapolis talks .  palestinian officials skeptical of new government 's views on peace proces .
 survey delves into high birth rate for young latinas <sec> 53 percent of latinas are pregnant by their 20th birthday , survey finds .  survey : most feel that college , career are key to their future .  most teens in study believe that parents give conflicting message .
 new york times corrects '12 years a slave ' article 161 years later <sec> the article , published more than 160 years ago , misspelled solomon northup 's name .  the new york times issues a correction , saying a twitter user pointed out the article .  northup 's memoir , `` 12 years a slave , '' won best picture at this year 's oscar .
 inter milan hit five past 10-man roma <sec> defending champions inter milan continue their march up the italian serie a table .  they defeat 10-man roma 5-3 in a san siro thriller to move up to third place .  milan remain top but they drop two points as they are held to a 1-1 draw at genoa .  napoli close to within two points of the leaders after comfortable 2-0 win over cesen .
 police : 2 dead and 8 wounded in finland shooting spree <sec> new : the 18-year-old man is in police custody , regional chief inspector timo leppälä says .  new : police responded to reports of shooting in front of a restaurant in the early hours .  no information has been given about the motive for the shooting .
 two stunt pilots survive plane crash at texas air show <sec> the faa says the married couple was in the middle of a wing-walking act .  stunned onlookers watch as the plane plummets into a wooded area .  sunday 's air show will be dedicated to the couple , kyle and amanda franklin .  the couple 's website describes a wing-walking pirate show and sword figh .
 gender non-conforming teen told to remove makeup for license photo <sec> 'gender non-conforming ' teen says s.c. dmv employee asked him to take makeup off .  dmv says it has a policy specifying requirements for photographs .  transgender rights advocacy group demands dmv allow teen to retake phot .
 anthrax investigation : cdc lab leader reassigned <sec> new : team leader at cdc lab reassigned during anthrax investigation .  as many as 86 atlanta cdc workers may have been exposed to anthrax .  workers are being monitored , and there is no risk to the public , cdc say .
 lampedusa boat sinking : survivors recall ordeal <sec> firsthand accounts are helping build a picture of why the boat capsized .  lampedusa is a common destination for african refugees .  there 's been criticism more was not done to help .  survivor : `` my mind is scarred .
 obama orders review of flight screenings <sec> president obama calls for review on how chemicals got on plane .  suspect had shoulder bag , went through normal check-in process in nigeria .  farouk abdulmutallab , 23 , had his passport and u.s. visa scanned .  his bag went through x-ray screening machine , and he was checked at gat .
 u.s. criticized for handling of child detainees in iraq <sec> children in u.s. custody denied rights , human rights watch report says .  young detainees do n't have access to legal help , families , group says .  military spokesman says all detainees treated in accordance with law .  group , military disagree on number , status of detainee .
 man charged with slapping crying boy , uttering racial slur on delta flight <sec> delta air lines apologizes `` for any inconvenience '' caused by `` altercation '' .  mother tries to soothe crying 2-year-old son as delta flight descends into atlanta .  man beside them allegedly says `` shut that ( 'n word ' ) baby up , '' court papers say .  he then allegedly slaps the crying boy in the face with an open hand , papers sa .
 china 's defence spending to rise 11.2 % <sec> defence expenditure is budgeted to rise to rmb670.247bn ( $ 110bn ) in 2012 .  the rate of increase is slightly lower than last year 's 12.7 % but in line with the growth trajectory over the past two decades .  the increase comes as the u.s. is cutting defense spending while at the same time shifting its focus to asia-pacifi .
 aaron hernandez 's downward spiral <sec> jury selection begins this week in trial for murder of odin lloyd .  aaron hernandez also charged with murder in 2012 double homicide .  he has pleaded not guilty to all charge .
 china hits back on u.s. human rights <sec> a chinese report criticizes the human rights record of the united states .  it comes a day after a u.s. report criticized china 's human rights record .  china cited the arrest of occupy wall street protesters and internet restriction .
 suspect in 1968 hijacking at jfk is captured <sec> luis armando pena soltren , 66 , surrenders to federal authorities at jfk airport .  it 's same airport from which pan am flight 281 took off more than 40 years ago .  indictment : soltren , three others conspired to hijack flight 281 in november 1968 .  u.s. official : soltren `` will finally face the american justice system .
 conca crowned brazil 's player of the year <sec> dario conca has been named brazil 's player of the year for a second consecutive year .  conca played an integral role in fluminense 's brazilian championship success .  it was the rio de janeiro club 's first league title for 26 year .
 can issa recall lerner , despite her invoking 'the fifth ' ? <sec> lawmakers , constitutional scholars debate whether lois learner waived the `` fifth '' .  gop , some attorneys say rights were waived when she gave statement of innocence .  democrats , many constitutional law experts say right not to self-incriminate stands .  lerner was placed on administrative leave thursda .
 opinion : new pope brings hope for an era of outreach <sec> donna brazile : pope francis has already shown humility since being named .  she says he can be seen as centrist : socially conservative , but champion for poor , afflicted .  she says among reasons he was chosen was belief he can reform church after scandals .  brazile hopes he 'll focus on inequality , set example of compassio .
 ousted thai pm thaksin guilty of corruption <sec> ex-pm thaksin shinawatra convicted of corruption , sentenced to jail .  court rules thaksin facilitated wife 's purchase of bangkok real estate in 2003 .  thaksin , who lives in exile in uk , unlikely to serve time in jai .
 prosecutors : jail phone transcripts show zimmerman , wife talking finances in code <sec> new : zimmerman 's lawyer explains the `` code '' and admits it credibility implications .  new : the lawyer adds the calls have `` so little to do with what counts in the case '' .  zimmerman and his wife both claimed they were indigent at a bond hearing in april .  jailhouse phone calls released monday show the two discussing their mone .
 10 cell phone faux pas you really should n't make <sec> there are lots of ways to commit social faux pas with you 're phone .  unless you 're at work , do n't reply to a phone call with a text .  do n't be a digipet -- a presence on his/her phone that 's just barely alive .  your friend/family member is probably much more interesting than that tex .
 as boston and 'whitey ' bulger wait , federal jury deliberates <sec> new : jurors will return friday for a fourth day of deliberations in the bulger trial .  new : widow of alleged bulger murder victim says `` it 's almost over now '' .  `` whitey '' bulger was a reputed mob boss in south boston .  charges against him include racketeering and involvement in 19 killing .
 obama 's spending freeze : prudence or posturing ? <sec> obama to call for partial freeze on discretionary spending .  freeze could help put obama back in the political center .  some republicans say it does n't do enough ; some dems say it goes too far .  watch coverage wednesday night at 7:30 on cnn.com and 8 on cnn t .
 study : coffee fights bad breath <sec> a new study surprised researchers when it found coffee can lead to good breath .  the study in tel aviv , israel , was meant to prove coffee leads to bad breath .  the lead researcher is now thinking about creating a coffee-based mouthwas .
 10 of the world 's best meditation retreats <sec> spirit rock in california was once used by native americans for spiritual rites .  the dalai lama 's teachings are available in dharamsala , india .  at wat suan mokkh , thailand , guests sleep on wooden pillow .
 quotes of the day : peter head <sec> second principal voices debate took place in singapore on july 9 .  peter head calls for better holistic thinking in design and planning .  building new cities needs attention to cultural roots as well as eco-tech idea .
 daan roosegaarde 's 'vacuum cleaner ' to suck smog from beijing skies <sec> dutch artist and designer has come up with a device that aims to suck pollutants from air .  technology will be tested in a beijing park .  project aims to draw attention to smog rather than provide long-term solutio .
 will russia 's friendship with china work ? <sec> with the west turning away , russia is looking to strengthen their links with the east .  russia and china signed a landmark natural gas deal after a decade of negotiations .  the two superpowers step up efforts to bypass the us dollar in their transaction .
 africa 'must think big for its children ' <sec> new report shows that policies across africa are helping children 's development .  but laws must improve to help children reach potential , says catherine mbengue .  scrapping fees in malawi saw entry to primary school jump from under 50 % to 99 % .  at secondary level , education in much of the region is deeply limited , mbengue say .
 iron maiden to rock brazil ... again <sec> heavy metal icons iron maiden announce new tour dates for south america .  concerts in four extra countries to be announced soon , including two debuts .  extra dates follow string of sell-out concerts earlier in 2008 in latin americ .
 coming soon : iran 's response to 'argo ' <sec> ben affleck 's `` argo '' tells the story of a dramatic rescue of u.s. diplomats from revolutionary iran .  iranian state media criticize the movie as `` replete with historical inaccuracies and distortions '' .  iran 's art bureau says it will fund its own film about the handing over of 20 u.s. hostage .
 australia 's pm candidates make way for cooking contest but bump kylie <sec> contenders for top job reschedule their debate for `` masterchef australia '' .  another channel is forced to change the time of `` dancing with the stars '' featuring minogue .  the cooking program is the most popular tv show in the country .  labor pm julia gillard called the election after becoming prime minister last mont .
 unique business aims to spread solar power <sec> businessman blake jones seeks to develop renewable energy sources .  jones ' passion for solar sparked a radical career shift during time in mideast .  home solar system costs $ 12,000 , but jones says it pays off in long run .  boulder , colorado , offers rebates , grants for home solar power system .
 arrest linked to corey haim death <sec> california attorney general wo n't reveal details of arrest .  he said last week that actor 's death was linked to prescription drug ring .  haim , 38 , had pneumonia , enlarged heart , water in lungs when he died march 10 .  actor 's manager suggests drug reaction , not overdose , killed hi .
 new jersey family 's picture catches theft in the making <sec> a new jersey man snapped a photo of his family during a trip to wisconsin .  the photo also caught the image of someone allegedly making off with the man 's bag .  among other valuables , the man 's wallet and car keys were in the bag .  wisconsin capitol police quickly apprehended a suspect and returned the ba .
 congo war crimes trial ends in acquittal <sec> international criminal court acquits congolese man accused of war crimes .  the court said its decision does n't mean mathieu ngudjolo chui is necessarily innocent .  but the court said prosecutors failed to prove their case .  human rights watch criticized the decisio .
 slain in squad car , w.va. sheriff 's laid to rest sunday <sec> first on cnn : julie hall says her father fought tirelessly against drug abuse .  mingo county sheriff walter ''eugene '' crum was killed wednesday .  line of residents pay their respects .  crum 's widow was sworn in as sherif .
 volcanic ash from iceland heads for british airspace <sec> new : klm , british airways cancel flights into scotland .  u.s. president barack obama leaves ireland early .  scotland 's loganair cancels flights for tuesday .  ash from the grimsvotn volcano could reach scotland on tuesday , authorities sa .
 contador wins spanish grand tour on return from drug ban <sec> two-time tour de france champion alberto contador wins tour of spain .  spanish cyclist , stripped of last year 's titles , follows up his 2008 success .  compatriot alejandro valverde , also back after a ban this year , finishes second .  valverde denies fellow spaniard joaquin rodriguez the points jerse .
 michael jackson seeks to keep neverland ranch <sec> a public auction has been set for march 19 , according to court documents .  jackson owes $ 24.5 million on the property .  jackson insider : `` the financing is all being worked out '' .  the singer has not lived at neverland ranch since june 200 .
 bangladesh ruling party wins elections marred by boycott , violence <sec> awami league wins 105 seats ; counting unopposed seats , it holds 232 of 300 seats .  at least three people killed monday in post-election violence in dohar .  elections were boycotted by the largest opposition group and its allies ; turnout was low .  many seats were won without opposition , because of the boycot .
 protests delay elections in bangkok district <sec> anti-government protesters successfully delayed elections in bangkok 's laksi district .  at least seven people were wounded in the saturday violence , medical officials say .  at least eight gunmen emerged from the ranks of the anti-government protests .  they opened fire for about 30 minutes toward police and pro-government demonstrator .
 wrestling may be cut from olympic games <sec> new : opponents take fight to internet , creating facebook page , online petitions .  wrestling to compete with seven other sports for spot in 2020 games .  wrestling has been a part of all games but one since 1896 .  ioc says sports selected based on relevance to sports fan .
 it 's official : brad pitt , angelina jolie engaged <sec> pitt spent a year designing the diamond engagement ring , a jeweler says .  no comment on how they once pledged no marriage until all couples could marry .  angelina jolie , 36 , and brad pitt , 48 , have been a couple since 2005 .  the couple has six children ; no wedding date has been se .
