 racial violence spurred asian students to take a stand <sec> last december , as many as 30 asian students were attacked at south philly high .  asian students boycotted the school to protest what they felt was a lack of response .  the justice department has instructed the school to better protect asian students .  new principal otis hackney says security is his `` no . .  1 priority .
 talk back to your doctor <sec> nine medical associations each listed common medical procedures you do n't need .  amitai etzioni : patients too intimidated to question doctors about procedures .  etzioni : doctors order tests anyway ; for money , out of habit or fear of lawsuits .  beware of doctors dismissing your research , he says . .  stand up and demand answer .
 official : two men sought as possible suspects in boston bombing <sec> new : authorities ask federal and state agents to help identify two men seen in photos .  new : the men are of `` high interest '' in the probe into the boston marathon blasts .  new : one of the men is seen in photos carrying a black backpack , an official says .  3 people were killed and about 180 injured when 2 bombs went off near the finish lin .
 with 'bosch , ' amazon gambles on drama <sec> author michael connelly says the time is right for show about homicide detective .  amazon is happy to have book and broadcast rights to `` bosch .
 air force sending 29 satellites into space at once <sec> rocket to carry one big satellite , 28 little ones .  cubesats are small , 3-pound nanosatellites .  one cubesat was made by high school students .  the main payload satellite will conduct experiments on its expected 13-month missio .
 police : no sign of missing swiss twins <sec> 6-year-old alessia and livia schepp have been missing since january 30 .  their father abducted them from their home in switzerland .  the father , matthias schepp , committed suicide in cerignola , italy .  the search for the girls has spread to switzerland , france , and ital .
 a father and son watch history unfold in libya <sec> hassan addahoumi watches news of his native libya from south carolina .  his son , sammi , is in the rebel hub of benghazi .  sammi says the libyan uprising has been `` 42 years in the making .
 survey : most cell phone users do n't protect mobile privacy <sec> new research from pew sheds light on mobile-privacy concerns .  54 % of phone users did n't install an app once they learned what personal info it would access .  19 % have turned off their phone 's location-tracking feature due to privacy concern .
 rare gorillas threatened by rebels <sec> rebel offensive threatens rare gorillas in congo national park .  200 of 700 known mountain gorillas live in park controlled by rebels .  spokeswoman : it 's the chaos of war and they are right in the middle of it .  rangers who normally monitor and treat gorillas have been forced to flee are .
 mount fuji trekking : hordes descend on day one <sec> hundreds descend on mount fuji for start of climbing season .  extra interest expected from world heritage listing .  concerns about damage and littering if too many tourists com .
 witnessing the dawn of china dot-com boom <sec> cnn 's kristie lu stout worked for sohu , a chinese tech start-up , in the 1990s .  sohu and peers like alibaba are now some of the world 's biggest internet companies .  back then , offices were spartan and lunch was instant noodles , not gourmet canteens .  the rise of china 's mammoth dotcoms has been a thrill to both witness and repor .
 success of egypt 's islamists raises questions for west <sec> egypt 's complicated electoral process continues , with more votes to come .  egyptian islamists should embrace `` democratic norms , '' secretary clinton says .  western leaders are n't happy about islamist success , analyst says .  but the u.s. and other countries should stand behind democratization , analysts sa .
 alleged rape victim in libya tells mother of ordeal , threat <sec> `` ac360 '' reunites eman al-obeidy with her mother .  young woman says court employee threatened her .  her mother tells her to keep her faith .  al-obeidy says she has tried to leave libya , but authorities have thwarted her attempt .
 thailand koh samet beach oil spill 'threatens tourism , fishing industries ' <sec> oil leak threatens tourism and fishing industries , says thai deputy pm .  company responsible says does not know how leak occurred .  greenpeace fears dispersed oil sunk beneath water surface will have ongoing impact .  one academic believes leak could be twice size admitted to by compan .
 luhrmann 's 'gatsby ' ? it 's a shame <sec> baz luhrmann is known for sensory overload with his movies .  `` gatsby '' needs an observant storyteller , which luhrmann is n't .  the adaptation is misconceived and misjudged .  nevertheless , the novel will endure this indignit .
 british open : how hoylake inspired augusta 's iconic green jacket <sec> hoylake , this year 's british open host , was the inspiration for augusta 's green jacket .  bobby jones was given a red jacket worn by captains of hoylake on his visit in 1930 .  jones won the open at hoylake on his way to a famous grand slam of golf that year .  the winner of the masters at jones ' club in augusta got a green jacket from 194 .
 arab sportswomen finally in the picture <sec> saudi arabia , qatar and brunei allowing female athletes at olympics for first time .  photo exhibition hey'yah -- arabic for let 's go -- shows female athletes from the arab world .  photographer brigitte lacombe says her work shows the modern , engaged face of arab wome .
 source : pirates repel sailors attempting to reach captain <sec> new : gunfire from pirates forces sailors , who did not return fire , to turn back .  new : fbi launches criminal investigation into hijacking , hostage-taking .  maersk alabama arrives in mombasa , kenya under armed guard .  capt . .  richard phillips is being held by four gunmen in covered , fiberglass lifeboa .
 heroes teaming up to help aids orphans <sec> three cnn heroes are working together to help aids orphans in malawi .  the children attend a school run by 2008 cnn hero marie da silva .  magnus macfarlane-barrow , a 2010 cnn hero , is helping feed the students .  fellow 2010 hero evans wadongo is providing lanterns so they can study at nigh .
 e-books spur reading among americans , survey shows <sec> e-book users tend to read more often than people who read only print material , a survey finds .  a third of people who read e-content say they now spend more time reading than before .  currently 28 % of americans age 18 and older own at least one tablet or e-reade .
 spirit airlines plane hits parked jet <sec> an airbus a320 's wingtip clips the tail of a parked plane in south florida .  there are no injuries , a spirit airlines spokeswoman says .  the accident occurs at fort lauderdale-hollywood international airpor .
 a surprising truth about serial killings ( opinion ) <sec> serial murder peaked during the 1970s and 1980s , james alan fox and jack levin write .  rapid growth of u.s. prison population may have contributed to the decline , they say .  but there are still as many as 10 serial killers captured each year by police , they writ .
 shoes hurled at iranian president ahmadinejad during trip to cairo <sec> this is the first visit to egypt by an iranian president in more than 30 years .  prosecutor 's office : four men are out on bail after allegedly throwing the shoes .  officials say the men are salafis , who have accused iran of financing shiite .
 extreme weather leaves 200,000 without power , 24 dead in u.s. , canada <sec> at least 24 people have died in the u.s. and canada since saturday .  many of the deaths were caused by carbon monoxide poisoning , officials said .  at least 127,000 people have lost power in michigan , new england and canada .  rising temperatures are forecast in michigan but could cause more power outage .
 obama needs to focus more on black economic crisis <sec> sophia nelson : president obama 's remarks to black caucus caused controversy .  she says the president seemed to be urging members to stop complaining about administration .  nelson : black community has suffered the greatest degree of harm from the recession .  obama administration should do more to create jobs and relieve economic stress , she say .
 john brennan defends cia after torture report <sec> cia director john brennan held a rare press conference on thursday .  his remarks and answers come days after the senate released a report on torture .  brennan described the atmosphere in the agency that led to enhanced interrogation technique .
 tourists stranded in bangkok airports occupied by protesters <sec> airports closed after blasts , and thousands of protesters taking over .  kerri gannon , husband , on honeymoon in thailand , stuck for 17 hours .  protesters swarmed the airports , said they wo n't leave until prime minister resigns .  continuing protests ; travelers have no information about what 's going o .
 victoria azarenka survives ana ivanovic scare at u.s. open <sec> victoria azarenka beats ana ivanovic in three sets to reach the u.s. open quarterfinals .  azarenka also needed three sets to beat france 's alize cornet in the previous round .  azarenka is the favorite in the bottom half of the draw to make the final in new york .  li na advanced to the u.s. open semifinals for the first time by topping ekaterina makarov .
 2 die in shooting at virginia naval station <sec> civilian had id to get on base but breached security to board ship , official says .  shooting occurred on the destroyer uss mahan , commanding officer says .  the incident happened at pier 1 of naval station norfolk in virginia .  official : shooting happened after civilian took gun from sailor who was on guard dut .
 pandora adds 10,000 comedy clips to its archives <sec> pandora 's comedy genome project analyzes the content of each clip .  comedy on pandora will also come with audio advertisements .  some of the comedians include eddie murphy , george carlin , mitch hedber .
 obama weighs in on scottish independence vote <sec> u.s. is n't saying a lot about potential scottish independence .  obama tweeted he 's interested in `` strong , robust , united '' britain .  an independent scotland would have consequences for u.s .
 cloud cast : the cooling cloud that follows you <sec> cloud cast is a personal cooling system designed for very hot climates .  ultrasonic sensors recognize visitors and activate hydro-valves and leds in proximity to the target .  debuting in dubai , the project belongs to an array of studies on temperature control infrastructures .  the uae is experimenting with many traditional solutions to air-conditioning , including wind towers that funnel upper currents of cool ai .
 opinion : make 'revenge porn ' a crime in u.s . <sec> danielle citron : `` jane 's '' ex posted nude photo on revenge porn site with contact info .  citron : women harassed , lose jobs , stalked as photos posted without permission go viral .  citron : nonconsensual disclosure of naked images needs to be criminalize .
 oil power struggle as u.s. leaves iraq <sec> fight brewing over who has the rights to sign oil contracts for iraq 's kurdish region .  exxon mobil signed a deal with the kurdish regional government that baghdad says is illegal .  gulf keystone says it is working an oil field of at least 8 billion barrels -- one of the largest oil fields covered in this part of the world .  as kurds insist they should sign the oil contracts , they also remember saddam hussein attempts to wipe out their communitie .
 tuesday 's ohio vote could be first skirmish in 2012 presidential race <sec> ohioans will vote tuesday on whether to repeal senate bill 5 .  paul sracic says the battle over the repeal could be first skirmish in 2012 election .  he says unions and democrats mobilized to repeal law restricting collective bargaining .  sracic : if the law is repealed , it may embolden and strengthen obama 's allie .
 paisley 's 'black-ish ' joke at cmas gets mixed reactions <sec> brad paisley offends some with `` black-ish '' joke .  carrie underwood is having a baby boy , paisley tells cma audience .  cma awards go to luke bryan , blake shelton , miranda lamber and little big town .  brett eldredge takes home new artist of the yea .
 videos of pows a staple of war propaganda <sec> army pfc . .  bowe bergdahl was captured nearly three weeks ago in afghanistan .  sen. john mccain is considered one of the most famous prisoners of war .  video of captured soldiers in iraq painted a picture of rogue captor .
 panama 's ex-ruler noriega taken to hospital <sec> manuel noriega was moved because of hypertension , possible stroke , police say .  he was transferred from prison , where he was sent for crimes committed in office .  noriega returned to panama late last year after 22 years in french , u.s. prison .
 fda warns patients to be vigilant about drugs from compounding center <sec> 233 people have become ill and 15 have died after receiving steroid injections .  two other products from new england compounding center have been linked to infections .  list of products in question takes up more than 70 pages and includes morphine , salin .
 snow keeps falling , high tide looms as new england battles blizzard <sec> flights begin arriving again at new york 's laguardia airport .  massachusetts governor : 5 to 10 inches more snow could fall in parts of state .  `` this is nothing like we feared it would be , '' new york 's mayor says of the impact on his cit .
 will el clasico decide la liga title race ? <sec> barcelona and real madrid meet in el clasico at the camp nou on saturday .  real four points clear of their arch-rivals in the spanish la liga title race .  under jose mourinho , real have beaten barca just once in 10 attempts .  both sides lost champions league semifinal first-leg ties in midwee .
 'the situation ' blames exhaustion for drug problem <sec> mike sorrentino says he `` spent the past several weeks getting treatment '' for drug problem .  `` jersey shore '' star posted a confirmation of his `` voluntary '' rehab on his website .  `` the situation '' previously denied online reports he was in rehab .  mtv renewed the reality tv show for a sixth seaso .
 cnn student news transcript - january 13 , 2012 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 manchester united ends skid at villa , liverpool crushes spurs <sec> manchester united beats aston villa 3-0 to end a two-game league losing streak .  danny welbeck scored two goals for united as it extended its dominance at villa park .  aston villa last beat united at home in the league way back in 1995 .  liverpool crushes tottenham 5-0 to end five-match league losing streak at white hart lan .
 church leader calls for christians to leave iraq after brutal attack <sec> archbishop athanasios dawood says the iraqi government does not protect minorities .  he calls on the british government to grant christians living in iraq humanitarian asylum .  his appeal comes one week to the day after a brutal attack on a church in baghdad .  the church celebrated mass sunday as parishioners lit candles for those who die .
 man dies at chocolate factory <sec> worker was dumping chocolate into the vat when he fell from a 9-foot high platform .  the vat was churning a batch of chocolate when the accident occurred .  vincent smith ii suffered a fatal blow to the head from the vat 's agitato .
 indian supreme court places temporary ban on tiger tourism <sec> india 's supreme court has temporarily banned ecotourism in the country 's tiger parks .  environmentalists says the tourism has hurt the tigers ' ability to reproduce .  those in the tourism industry say the state needs to better regulate the parks .  animal rights activists believe poaching could increase if tourists leave the park .
 after a layoff , is it time to take off ? <sec> travel companies and an airline are catering to the layoff crowd .  jetblue will refund some tickets if you get laid off after you purchase them .  intrepid travel offers a 15 percent discount for people recently laid off .  consultant : trip costs `` could be lunch money '' for the unemploye .
 widow of munich victim makes plea for olympic minute of silence <sec> activists want a minute of silence at the opening ceremony for 11 israelis killed in 1972 .  rep. eliot engel of new york accuses the ioc of `` playing political games '' by saying no .  the international olympic committee head says it 's not the right venue for the tribute .  11 israelis , a german policeman and 5 terrorists were killed in munich 40 years ag .
 hugh jackman undergoes third skin cancer treatment <sec> the actor had a basal cell carcinoma , a form of skin cancer , removed .  he 's posted a picture with the caption `` sunscreen '' .  jackman 's rep says he 's doing o .
 demonstrators rally as crimea crisis mounts <sec> pro- and anti-russian groups hold rival rallies in crimea .  putin speaks with british pm , german chancellor about the situation there .  cnn analyst : putin is `` very worried by the situation '' .  the ukrainian prime minister is expected to arrive in the united states on wednesda .
 arkansas man pleads guilty to threatening to kill obama <sec> paul schlesselman faces 10 years in prison in plea deal with tennessee federal prosecutors .  schlesselman threatened to kill then-sen. obama on october 23 , 2008 , officials say .  he also planned to kill dozens , focusing on african-americans , justice department say .
 evangelist 's compound raided in child abuse case <sec> fbi , state police raid headquarters in southwest arkansas .  search is part of investigation into tony alamo compound .  alamo denies wrongdoing , compares himself to jesu .
 john forsythe dead at 92 <sec> forsythe known as voice of charlie in the tv show and movies `` charlie 's angels '' .  he won two golden globe awards for role in 1980s tv show `` dynasty '' .  he died thursday in santa ynez , california , from complications from pneumonia .  had been struggling with cancer , according to a statement from the publicis .
 real madrid march into king 's cup final <sec> real madrid beat city rivals atletico 5-0 on aggregate to reach copa del rey final .  barcelona can join them if they protect 2-0 lead at real sociedad on wednesday .  english premier league leaders chelsea drop vital points at west brom .  fiorentina reach italian cup final with nail-biting win over udines .
 perry cuts short europe trip amid ebola scare <sec> texas gov . .  rick perry is returning thursday from a european trade mission . .  he 'd planned to be there through sunday . .  perry 's return comes as dallas deals with a second health care worker diagnosed with ebola .
 search widens for 5 missing american sailors <sec> the pineapple left guam on january 6 for the philippines .  it is six days overdue .  five americans are on the vesse .
 for syrian activists , youtube is a sword and shield <sec> opposition uses cell phones , satellite phones and other technology .  thousands of videos have been posted on the internet in the yearlong uprising .  syrian citizen journalists recently won a reporters without borders awar .
 world cup 2014 : fifa 's bus slogans cause misery and mirth on social media <sec> fifa reveals slogans that will appear on team buses at world cup in brazil .  australian fans nonplussed by trite `` socceroos : hopping our way into history '' slogan .  uk marketing expert says competition is `` a good idea '' but not very `` far-reaching .
 philip chism faces new assault charge <sec> philip chism is charged with attempting to kill a youth services worker .  teen accused of attacking the female employee in the bathroom .  he is charged with raping and killing his algebra teacher .  he has pleaded not guilty to aggravated rape , robbery , murder charge .
 bionic fashion : wearable tech that will turn man into machine by 2015 <sec> two major conferences in the u.s. discuss the future of wearable technology .  nano-tattoos , sleep optimization and augmented reality devices could become part of our daily lives .  health and fitness monitors to play a large role in the future of wearable technologie .
 review : 'chris farley show ' stuffed with gossip <sec> farley 's physicalisty good metaphor for book : a meal overstuffed with dish .  farley does n't come off as likable -- hookers , drug addiction on full display .  still , he emerges as more than just a sweaty beast who gave good pratfall .  this unflinching , well-written book outshines any farley highlight ree .
 snow slams new york ; buffalo braces for more <sec> new : stranded basketball team 's coach : `` it got really bad really fast '' .  there have been at least four storm-related deaths , officials say .  a baby girl was born at a fire station when paramedics could n't reach the hospital .  buffalo mayor : snow is `` probably heavier than anything '' in more than 40 year .
 new york derailment kills 4 , hurts dozens <sec> derailment victim `` did what was necessary '' to help his family , councilman says .  locomotive was pushing cars at the time of the crash , ntsb says .  gov . .  andrew cuomo discounts curve 's role in the crash .  investigators have recovered a recorder from the locomotive and another car , ntsb say .
