 catalan independence vote set despite madrid opposition <sec> catalan president artur mas sets november 9 as the date for an independence referendum .  the federal government in madrid is firmly opposed to any such vote taking place .  hundreds of thousands of demonstrators called earlier this month for a vote to be held .  but opinion polls suggest that less than a majority would opt for a split from spai .
 gas vapors accidentally accumulated and ignited , spurring kansas city blast <sec> an explosion ripped apart a kansas city , missouri , restaurant last month .  pilot lights inside the restaurant 's kitchen ignited the gas , a new government report says .  the blast came after a gas line was ruptured nearby by a person laying cable .  one woman died after getting trapped when the restaurant 's roof collapse .
 qantas flights back to normal after labor dispute <sec> new : qantas says all flights are operating on time .  new : the backlog of domestic passengers will be cleared by early tuesday afternoon , the company says .  some 100,000 passengers were affected by the grounding of qantas flight .
 congress kick-starts program to privatize airport screeners <sec> congress recently passed the faa reauthorization bill .  it would allow u.s. airports to `` opt out '' of tsa screening and privatize .  republicans say the current system is bloated and , in some cases , redundant .  democrats say the provision compromises safety , undermines tsa authorit .
 iran sanctions : why oil is where tehran feels the pain <sec> economic sanctions have ground down the iranian economy and hit the energy sector .  the country has huge potential and president rouhani has opened the door to compromise .  the global markets are salivating at the idea of iran boosting its oil exports .  but a return will cause significant upheaval , and not all will welcome i .
 destruction escalates as london protesters sparked into action <sec> police shooting of a man in london sparks protests that quickly turn violent .  vice goes into the thick of rioting in hackney .  rioters smash storefronts , attack vehicles , loot for weapons and ammunitio .
 potential candidates hoping to hit it big in las vegas <sec> several possible 2016 candidates speaking to republican jewish coalition .  many of the country 's top republican fund-raisers and donors will size up candidates .  jeb bush was selected to speak at private , vip dinner , giving him basically top billing .  one donor said current field of republican candidates much stronger than in 201 .
 officer shoots , kills teenager in georgia <sec> authorities say christopher roupe , 17 , pointed a handgun at the officer .  a family attorney says the teenager was just holding a wii remote .  the gbi promises an investigation into the use of forc .
 former neighbor shocked by arrest of bomb suspect <sec> new : mohamud pleads not guilty ; trial set for february .  new : defense attorney says federal agents entrapped his cient .  a neighbor described the suspect as a `` quiet kid '' and called the charge `` shocking '' .  the 19-year-old is accused of attempting to bomb a portland , oregon gatherin .
 libyan official : elections coming soon <sec> moammar gadhafi 's body is on display .  interim leaders to declare liberation day on sunday .  nato is scaling back operations .  libya is seeking a new constitutio .
 high-ranking priest guilty on one count in child sex abuse case <sec> new : lynn is `` extremely upset ; '' his lawyer says he should be free on bond before sentencing .  philadelphia 's district attorney hails the verdict as `` historic , '' says others could be charged .  the monsignor is found guilty of one count of child endangerment and acquitted on two others .  the jury was unable to bring a verdict against his co-defendant , the rev . .  james brenna .
 australia pm : why was n't sydney gunman on a watch list ? <sec> police say gunman did n't have a firearms license , correcting earlier information .  australian government announces security review after sydney cafe siege .  the prime minister says the system fell short and questions must be asked .  the gunman dropped off security agency watch lists in 2009 , he say .
 former australian pm gough whitlam dies <sec> former australian prime minister edward gough whitlam has passed away .  whitlam , who was 98 , was australia 's longest-lived prime minister .  he is remembered for the international links he create .
 jovial paula deen draws a crowd at florida wine and food festival <sec> paula deen makes her fourth public appearance since controversy last year .  controversy came from a deposition in which deen admitted using a racial epithet .  she apologized several times , including sunday at a wine and food festival .  the crowd greeted her with a standing ovatio .
 polo ponies are pampered , beloved , hard-trained athletes <sec> investigators try to determine what killed 21 polo ponies in florida .  contagious disease ruled out ; tissue samples sent for further study .  players form close bonds with horses , club executive says .  humane society of the united states sends official to watch investigatio .
 italy 's coast guard averts migrant ship crash <sec> italy 's coast guard says there were 796 migrants aboard the ship .  the crew had abandoned the freighter , which was cruising toward the rocky coast .  italian coast guard brought the freighter packed with migrants safely into por .
 eye on russia : opportunity and influence <sec> cnn launches week-long series of special programming on modern russia .  moscow correspondent matthew chance rides train from arctic to black sea .  series also features hockey star alexander ovechkin , conductor valery gergiev .  tell cnn what you think about russia 's role in the international communit .
 opinion : obama is mulling the least bad option <sec> aaron miller says president obama seems to be leaning to the least bad option in syria .  he says limited strike may be risky but less so than doing nothing or trying for regime change .  miller : if obama does n't act after large chemical weapons attack , he 'll be written off as ineffectiv .
 cnn student news transcript - december 16 , 2011 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the end of year quiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student news in 201 .
 newton first pick in nfl draft <sec> quarterback cam newton was the first pick in thursday 's nfl draft .  the 21-year-old will join the carolina panthers , last year 's worst-performing team .  linebacker von miller was picked second and will play for denver bronco .
 serena williams rebuffs li na 's challenge to finish 2013 in style <sec> serena williams wins 2013 wta championships .  fights off strong challenge from china 's li na .  top seed williams wins 2-6 6-3 6-0 .  78th career title for american supersta .
 # asksanjay your brain health questions <sec> join dr. sanjay gupta for a live twitter chat on wednesday at 2:30 p.m . .  et .  use the hashtag # asksanjay to join in on the conversation .  submit your questions in the comments below and gupta will pick his favorite .
 'finding jesus ' : shroud of turin q & a ; <sec> religion professor mark goodacre appears in each episode of the program .  he defends the carbon dating used to determine the age of the shroud of turi .
 report : joseph kony 's struggling militia killing elephants for cash <sec> report : the militia gets funds for weapons , ammunition and food .  africa 's elephants face higher risks as demand for ivory grows in asia .  kony is wanted by the international criminal court for alleged war crime .
 djokovic thrashes ferrer to win abu dhabi title ; nadal beats federer for third <sec> novak djokovic wins abu dhabi exhibition tournament .  world no.1 thrashes david ferrer 6-2 6-1 in final .  rafael nadal beats roger federer for third place .  nadal sees off swiss rival 6-1 7- .
 colombian politician wants to ban shakira 's new music video <sec> shakira 's new music video featuring rihanna is racy .  too racy for children in colombia , a politician there says .  marco fidel ramirez wants the singer to pull the video .  he has found detractors and some supporters onlin .
 maduro says venezuela has detained americans <sec> four americans missionaries were released saturday after being detained a few days ago .  not clear if this is related to detained americans mentioned by venezuelan president maduro .  maduro also banned george w. bush , dick cheney , others from entering venezuela .  venezuela will now require americans to get a visa to visi .
 israel 's 'refusers ' : why we too feel 'occupied ' <sec> a `` refuser '' has decided against joining the israeli military on political and ethical grounds .  israel is sometimes split between patriotic , isolationist thought and inclusion .  udi segal , 19 , is one of 130 young israelis who wrote to their pm refusing to serve .  though not huge in number , their opinions and actions are adding to the debate inside israe .
 deaths pile up in hama siege <sec> new : friday 's theme will be `` god is with us '' .  medvedev calls for reform or `` we also will have to make some kind of decisions '' .  an activist group reports more than 100 deaths in and around hama .  amnesty international slams the united nations ' statemen .
 meet the two men in afghan presidential runoff election <sec> abdullah abdullah , ashraf ghani will be in a runoff slated for june 7 .  the two candidates won the most votes in field of 11 .  historic presidential election for war-torn country .  incumbent hamid karzai constitutionally must step dow .
 review : 'the next three days ' <sec> the movie 's real strength is generating escalating waves of plot tension and misdirection .  the usually sunnier banks is an interesting , counterintuitive casting choice .  there 's passport forgery , robbery , lock picking , shooting , and driving too fast in a priu .
 ronaldo hat-trick leaves real madrid in command of group of death <sec> real madrid top `` group of death '' after 4-1 win at ajax .  cristiano ronaldo scores a hat-trick in amsterdam .  manchester city salvage home point against borussia dortmund .  malaga continue impressive debut in group .
 man arrested over $ 65m jewelry heist <sec> london police arrest man in connection with brazen daylight robbery of jewelry store .  43 items were taken , with a value of about £40 million , or about $ 65 million .  police released surveillance images of two men wanted for questioning tuesda .
 hsbc champions : dustin johnson 'mad ' after late lapse cuts wgc lead <sec> american golfer dustin johnson leads by three shots ahead of final round in shanghai .  johnson cards 10 birdies and two double-bogeys in saturday 's 66 at hsbc champions .  defending champion ian poulter second after a 63 in world golf championship event .  third-placed graeme mcdowell seeking to take lead in race to dubai standing .
 reality tv series to focus on southwest <sec> tlc orders series that will take viewers behind the scenes at southwest airlines .  production begins at baltimore washington international and denver international .  tlc says `` southwest is a beloved brand .
 cnn student news - november 21 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call . .  the weekly newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the new .
 u.s. court backs spain over $ 500m sea treasure <sec> the treasure is 600,000 silver and gold coins .  the coins went down with a spanish warship sunk in battle with british ships in 1804 .  a florida-based deep-sea salvage company recovered the coins in 2007 .  spain filed suit in u.s. federal court to claim the treasur .
 noble group : the facts <sec> noble group was founded in 1987 , in hong kong .  the company now has a network that reaches over 40 countries .  for q2 of 2007 the group recorded revenues of $ 10.1 billio .
 clinton says inauguration marks 'critical moment ' for afghanistan <sec> u.s. policy under review because `` this is a turning point , '' she tells u.s. embassy staff .  clinton meets with u.s. ambassador , military commander in afghanistan .  clinton will attend president hamid karzai 's inauguration for second term .  karzai under pressure to clean up corruption in governmen .
 consumers urged to use caution eating peanut butter <sec> new : salmonella outbreak has sickened 475 says fda .  peanut corp. of america products found to contain salmonella .  brand-name peanut butters are not expected to be affected .  fda urges manufacturers to announce whether they use certain product .
 glasgow rangers secure 53rd scottish title <sec> glasgow rangers wrap up their 53rd scottish title with 1-0 win over hibernian .  europa league semifinalists hamburg thrashed 5-1 by hoffenheim in bundesliga .  valencia consolidate third in spain with 1-0 win over deportivo .  ajax take 2-0 lead after first leg of dutch cup final against feyenoor .
 battlegrounds : iowa 's six electoral votes could be decisive <sec> president obama won iowa in a 10-point blowout in 2008 ; this year it could go either way .  democrats enjoyed a numbers advantage in 2008 , this year there is parity .  iowa 's republican governor says people feel betrayed by obama .  obama strategist david axelrod says the campaign wo n't be `` outhustled '' in iow .
 alleged victim details systemic abuse by sandusky at penn state , elsewhere <sec> victim 4 says sandusky treated him `` like his girlfriend '' in private .  he says he 's never paid his lawyer or talked about joining a civil lawsuit .  he describes alleged assaults on penn state 's campus , in hotels and elsewhere .  the defense questions the motives of the alleged victim .
 pro-al qaeda group seen behind deadly benghazi attack <sec> one expert suspects the imprisoned omar abdul rahman brigades .  the group claimed responsibility in june for an explosive device outside the consulate .  the attack immediately followed a call for revenge issued by al qaeda 's leade .
 emotional nancy reagan unveils statue of late president <sec> new : former first lady touts husband 's `` commitment to freedom '' .  california donated figure for capitol rotunda to honor former president .  pelosi says statue contains pieces of berlin wall .  commission planning events to mark 100th birthday in 201 .
 airline : dreamliner fuel leak due to an open valve <sec> new : chief project engineer is `` 100 percent convinced the airplane is safe to fly '' .  the boeing 787 's fuel leak was caused by an open valve , japan airlines says .  the incident follows an electrical fire on a different jal dreamliner in boston .  the dreamliner has been hit by a series of glitches following a difficult developmen .
 martina navratilova to coach agnieszka radwanska <sec> tennis ace martina navratilova to return to the game as a super coach .  the 58-time grand slam winner will coach agnieszka radwanska in 2015 .  the world no . .  6 hopes navratilova will help her win a first grand slam title .  `` i 'm really excited , '' says navratilova about her new rol .
 u.s. military : 'improvised launch device ' found outside base in japan <sec> investigators found an `` improvised launch device '' outside of yokota air base , officials say .  residents report hearing two small cannon-type bangs at about 11 p.m. local time .  no injuries or points of impact have been reported , authorities sai .
 obama needs more than symbolism of 'buffett rule ' <sec> democrats are making a case for the `` buffett rule '' to raise taxes on the very rich .  james galbraith : while the legislation calls for tax fairness , it is a symbolic move .  galbraith says the buffett rule wo n't solve any significant economic problem .  it 's better if president obama would focus on raising the minimum wage , he say .
 what your hotel knows about you <sec> social media and google have made gathering information on hotel guests easier .  hotel staff often collect information about guests to anticipate their needs .  guests might shudder about what hoteliers -- and everyone else -- can find out about the .
 image shows what missing tot madeleine mccann may look like <sec> digitally enhanced image shows what madeleine mccann may look like today .  madeleine was 3 when she disappeared during family vacation in portugal .  picture of 6-year-old madeleine reportedly created from images of her parents .  madeleine 's mother says she keeps her room ready , visits it twice dail .
 attack on sunday school leaves child dead , others wounded , red cross says <sec> kenyan military moves into key port city , takes control of police station .  one child dead , the kenya red cross says .  a kenyan hospital reports 7 injured , two of them critically .  attacks have escalated since kenyan forces invaded somalia to battle islamist militant .
 'marvel 's agents of s.h.i.e.l.d . ' : can 'avengers ' magic be recaptured ? <sec> joss whedon is co-creator of the `` marvel 's avengers '' a spinoff tv series .  agent coulson , played by clark gregg , leads the new s.h.i.e.l.d . .  team .  executive producers jed whedon and maurissa tancharoen carry out his vision .  gregg says more familiar faces from the big screen and marvel comics may show u .
 police arrest mother , ex-wife of kidnapping suspect <sec> new : former sister-in-law describes the suspect as aggressive , `` weird and unusual '' .  a fbi special agent says he is hopeful the two missing girls are alive .  jo ann bain and her oldest daughter were found dead in mississippi last week .  police are searching for suspect adam mayes and the other two girl .
 2010 asian games launched with spectacular ceremony in china <sec> chinese city of guangzhou succeeds doha as host of the 16th asian games .  spectacular ceremony launches beginning of the 15-day competition .  china seeking to continue its winning run from four years ago with team of 1,454 members .  it will be the largest games since the first in delhi in 1951 with 476 gold medals on offe .
 lawyers in conrad murray trial prepare closing arguments <sec> testimony ends in the trial of dr. conrad murray .  lawyers are off from court wednesday to prepare closing arguments . .  `` my decision is that i will not testify in this matter , '' murray tells the judge .  closing arguments and jury deliberations will come thursda .
 cricket : england destroy india <sec> england beat india by 319 runs in the second test at trent bridge .  the hosts now take a 2-0 lead in the series .  victory in the third test will see england overtake india as the world 's best side .  third test starts august 1 .
 investigators in china drowning case jailed <sec> six chinese communist party investigators have been jailed after they drowned a local official . .  yu qiyi died a month after being detained over his role in a land deal . .  they repeatedly held him under icy water in a bathtub , verdict said .  their botched interrogation has shone light on china 's secretive extrajudicial processe .
 how do you get rid of syria 's chemical weapons ? industry may help <sec> chemical weapons group requests `` expressions of interest '' from private industry .  slated for destruction : 1.8 million pounds of chemicals .  a deadline of mid-2014 has been set for syria to destroy its chemical weapons .  six opposition factions announce the formation of a new alliance : the islamic fron .
 opinion : i 'm coming out -- i do n't want children <sec> zoe zorka feels discrimination as a woman who does n't want children .  she 's been met with mixed reactions after `` coming out '' to family and friends .  `` to waste sympathy on me would be abhorrent , '' zorka writes .  have a personal essay to share with the world ? .  submit at cnn irepor .
 vettel under pressure as red bull fail to impress in f1 testing <sec> sebastian vettel not satisfied with red bull 's preseason testing .  the german has not topped the time sheets at any of the testing events .  the red bull driver is the youngest triple world champion in formula one history .  the 2013 formula one season begins with the australian grand prix on march 1 .
 fugitive child killer extradited to u.s . <sec> edward salas was convicted for his role in the 2005 murder of a 10-year-old in new mexico .  he was serving a life sentence plus 56 years when he escaped , marshal 's service says .  salas has been returned to the curry county detention cente .
 cleanup work continues in louisiana city after tornado <sec> jalisa granger , 21 , dies when a tree hits her house in louisiana , the sheriff 's office says .  after steady rain saturday , sun and warmth are forecast sunday in new orleans .  flood warnings are in effect for towns along several rivers , including the mississippi .  the tornado had winds as strong as 135 mph and damaged a 5-mile stretc .
 dreamliner battery type requires safeguards , safety advocate says <sec> lithium-ion batteries at center of boeing dreamliner grounding .  safety board chair deborah hersman says any new technology has inherent risks .  likely role for battery technology in aviation with safeguards , hersman says .  lithium-ion battery failures very rare during use , expert say .
