 obama 's critics , repudiated at last <sec> lz granderson : some critics do n't just disagree with him ; they disrespect him .  nothing obama has ever done was good enough for them , granderson says .  but on tuesday , it was good enough for voters , he says .  no one needs to take this country back , because it has n't been stolen , says granderso .
 indonesia pop star arrested in sex tape scandal <sec> indonesian pop star arrested for sex tape .  suspect is allegedly in two tapes with celebrity girlfriends .  incident has spurred debate in indonesia on morality and interne .
 nypd commissioner questions mayoral candidates ' counterterrorism plans <sec> ray kelly : candidates have n't met with him about plans for fighting terror in new york city .  bill de blasio sought a counterterrorism briefing on august 29 , a spokesman says .  campaign site : bill thompson aims to protect roads , bridges and tunnels from terrorism .  christine quinn has briefings `` regularly with the nypd , '' her spokesman say .
 deadline-day transfers : a football agent 's inside story <sec> tuesday marks the closure of european football 's january transfer window .  football clubs have two periods during which they can sign or sell players .  agents are responsible for negotiating multi-million-dollar deals between clubs and players .  agent mel stein has represented former england stars paul gascoigne and alan sheare .
 john kerry : united states , eu stand with ukraine 's people <sec> u.s. secretary of state john kerry meets with senior ukrainian opposition leaders .  kerry : nowhere is the fight for a democratic , european future more important than in ukraine .  russia 's sergey lavrov questions western support of anti-government protesters .  european council chief says he had `` frank exchange '' with russia 's vladimir puti .
 rebels overrun tribal stronghold in yemen <sec> shiite militants have been battling sunni tribesmen in northern yemen .  hashid tribal stronghold was overrun on sunday morning , tribal leaders say .  at least 42 people died and more than a dozen were injured in fighting on friday , officials say .  cease-fire negotiations have already been under wa .
 bush lifts executive ban on offshore oil drilling <sec> end to executive ban on offshore drilling does not affect separate federal law .  president bush has been urging congress to repeal law banning offshore drilling .  offshore drilling ban has become a campaign issue .  john mccain supports ending ban on drilling ; barack obama wants to keep i .
 klm launches world 's cutest lost and found service <sec> beagle `` sherlock '' returns items forgotten on klm planes by passengers .  sherlock 's trainer focuses on muscle strength , endurance and socialization .  klm launched service in response to high number of items left behind by passenger .
 bush calls out the 99 % <sec> president george w. bush unveiled an aggressive initiative to serve veterans .  he said he will be relentless in bridging the `` civilian-military '' gap .  he said ptsd needs to be reclassified as an injury , not a disorde .
 college athletes squeezed by studies , games , travel <sec> college basketball player billy pettiford studies on planes , buses , airports , hotels .  say he learned to `` apply yourself on those trips to keep your head above water '' .  teammates had to do better on tests because they lost points missing classes .  georgia tech football player tells of having game , fluid dynamics lab on same da .
 amid tight security , indonesia tries 12 men over attack on muslim sect <sec> hundreds chant outside the courthouse in support of the defendants .  in february , a mob of about 1,000 attacked 25 members of the ahmadiyah sect .  video shows people with knives and stones taking part .  rights groups want the government to revoke a decree banning ahmadiya .
 opinion : time to get serious on energy : clean or dirty ? <sec> sally kohn : many environmental disasters -- radiation leaks , oil spills -- are n't reported widely .  kohn : it 's a bad time : epa stripped of authority , energy corporations get wide latitude .  kohn : it 's time to pursue green energy , stop fossil fuel projects , regulate dirty industrie .
 opinion : give patients end-of-life options <sec> joan teno asks : why do doctors continue to test and treat patients who are clearly dying ? .  she says instead they should be helping very sick patients weigh quality of life against quantity .  teno : hospice care doubles , but patients still in icu until last 3 days of life . .  do they want this ? .  teno : intervention lucrative for medical industry ; this wars with patient-centered end-of-life car .
 the fight for the republican nomination , by the numbers <sec> it takes 1,144 delegates to win the gop nomination .  cnn estimate : romney has 519 delegates , santorum has 239 , gingrich has 138 , paul has 69 .  mathematically , santorum , gingrich and paul all still have a chance to win the nomination .  but the odds are quickly stacking against each of mitt romney 's rival .
 as fighting subsides , aleppo residents find little left <sec> rebel forces control most of aleppo , syria 's largest city .  there is still sporadic fighting there .  some residents have returned , others have only retrieved their belongings .  food is in short supply and , as a result , prices have skyrockete .
 omotola jalade-ekeinde : 10 things to know about 'omosexy ' <sec> known by her fans as `` omosexy , '' omotola jalade-ekeinde is a leading nollywood actress .  she has appeared in more than 300 movies over the years .  in 2013 , she was included in time magazine 's list of the top influential people in the world .  more than just a celebrity , she is a u.n. ambassador and an activis .
 sharapova puts spat behind her to battle to win in wimbledon opener <sec> maria sharapova begins her wimbledon campaign with straight sets win .  she beats kristina mladenovic of france 7-6 6-3 .  pre-tournament buildup dominated by her spat with serena williams .  azarenka and kvitova but fifth seed errani exit .
 how andrew breitbart changed the news <sec> nick gillespie says andrew brietbart , who died , was polarizing -- and liked it .  he says brietbart baited liberals but was not straight-up conservative .  he says his legacy was creating discussion outlets away from what he saw as smug media .  gillespie : his efforts were n't always pretty , but mediascape he grew was more interestin .
 model , 27 , found dead at missouri home of busch beer heir <sec> august busch iv is the only member of his family on anheuser-busch inbev 's board .  the body of adrienne nicole martin , 27 , is found in a missouri home , police say .  the frontenac home belongs to busch , a former ceo of anheuser-busch .  busch 's lawyer says there 's nothing suspicious in the `` tragic death ... of a nice young lady .
 it 's 'true ' : spandau ballet to reform <sec> iconic 1980s glam pop band spandau ballet to reform for world tour .  band will play together for first time in 20 years in dublin on october 13 .  spandau ballet 's sound , style and attitude came to define the 1980s .  band split in 1989 ; several members unsuccessfully sued songwriter gary kem .
 jordan 's king calls syria attack 'a tremendous blow ' to al-assad regime <sec> king abdullah ii says he does n't expect al-assad regime to crumble immediately .  he says only the syrian president can stop the country from sliding into civil war .  if civil order breaks down completely , he says , `` it will take years to fix syria '' .  he raises concerns that syria 's chemical weapons might fall into terrorist hand .
 6.7-magnitude earthquake hits canada 's vancouver island <sec> new : high-rises sway on vancouver island , but no injuries or damage is reported .  new : the shaking lasts 10 to 20 seconds .  the center of the earthquake is 175 miles west of the city of vancouver .  there is no immediate tsunami danger , officials sa .
 lee rigby murder : how islamist hate narrative inspired killers <sec> extremist attacks often end product of radicalization process , write maajid nawaz and ghaffar hussain .  nawaz and hussain : growing up in britain during 1980s and 90s was challenging for ethnic minorities .  a number of islamist organizations emerged and began to offer a radical alternative , say the writers .  it is this narrative that inspired the killers of lee rigby , say nawaz and hussai .
 fair trial impossible in u.s. , snowden tells ecuador in asylum request - cnnpolitics.com <sec> snowden took booz allen job to get nsa secrets , hong kong paper reports .  snowden seeks refuge in ecuador and was last reported in moscow .  ecuador says it 's reviewing his appeal `` very responsibly '' .  washington says snowden is a wanted man , urges nations to turn him awa .
 russell brand , sean hannity trade barbs over gaza war <sec> actor calls fox host a `` terrorist '' over aggressive interview with palestinian guest .  sean hannity calls russell brand 's take on the current gaza crisis `` ignorant '' .  israel-hamas conflict has killed hundreds of palestinians and dozens of israeli .
 egypt protests : crowds , police clash ahead of constitution vote <sec> islamist group supporters protest an upcoming vote on a new constitution .  the constitution would ban religious parties and give the military more power .  clashes were reported friday in at least three citie .
 dawn fraser <sec> olympic record : 4 gold medals , 4 silver medals .  the first swimmer to win gold in the same event at three successive olympiads .  in 1996 she was voted the person who best symbolizes australia .  swimmer was born september 4 , 1937 , in sydney , australi .
 tevez double puts manchester city top ; arsenal pile woe on grant <sec> manchester city take top spot in table after winning 4-3 at home to wolves .  skipper carlos tevez nets twice after struggling visitors take an early lead .  arsenal in third place after a 3-0 win at bottom club west ham in london derby .  chelsea move above tottenham into fourth place with 2-0 victory over blackbur .
 confessions of a hotel mystery shopper <sec> 30,000 hotel mystery shoppers in the u.s. judge luxury brand service .  all past hospitality providers , the shoppers purposefully complain to improve service .  trustworthy evaluations are important in the age of online customer review .
 cnn debate : 5 things that could shape the race <sec> early polling shows republicans are n't totally enamored with the field .  sarah palin and rudy giuliani , who have n't announced , poll high among gop voters .  front-runner mitt romney must weather expected attacks and counterpunch effectively .  do n't be surprised if ron paul says , `` i told you so .
 how chris aire hustled his way to become hollywood 's 'king of bling ' <sec> chris aire is a famous jeweler whose a-list clients include movie and music stars .  born and raised in nigeria , aire moved to the u.s. at a young age to follow his dreams .  his sparkling creations have earned him the title , `` king of bling '' .  aire urges people in africa to support their local designers and luxury brand .
 pakistani president to attend nato summit on afghanistan <sec> new : `` pakistanis think that the united states is an untrustworthy ally , '' former ambassador says .  nato wants pakistan to reopen supply routes to afghanistan .  islamabad is still upset about nato airstrikes that killed pakistani soldiers .  the pakistani president has nonetheless accepted an invitation to a nato summi .
 miami heat lose to boston celtics in nba season opener <sec> miami heat lost to boston celtics 88-80 in opening match of 2010-11 nba championships on tuesday .  heat star trio of dwayne wade , chris bosh and lebron james did not live up to expectations .  defending eastern conference champions celtics were the more consistent team .  revamped heat insist they have time to improve over the seaso .
 cricket australia trademarks '63 not out ' <sec> cricket australia trademarks term `` 63 not out '' .  score reached by phillip hughes in his final innings .  governing body says it is to prevent people cashing in .  australia in strong position in third test against indi .
 attacks targeting iraqi security forces and shiite areas leave scores dead <sec> u.s. embassy condemns `` heinous , '' `` terrorist attacks '' targeting `` innocent '' people .  at least 79 are killed and about 270 are wounded sunday , officials say .  33 die in car bombings targeting public places around baghdad .  in falluja and abu ghraib , gunmen shoot soldiers to deat .
 20 killed in turkey bus crash ; 'when i woke up , i was under the bus ' <sec> the bus veers and overturns down a snowy slope .  another 28 people are injured , anadolu says .  a mother ca n't find her baby , who was sleeping in her la .
 georgia interior minister quits over prisoner abuse videos <sec> minister was `` deeply horrified '' by the actions .  gldani n8 prison is in tbilisi , the georgia capital .  outrage followed release of the video .
 bobbi brown 's billion-dollar idea : 'lipstick like lips ' <sec> makeup magnate bobbi brown started her company with $ 10,000 in 1991 .  today , the bobbi brown brand is worth nearly a billion dollars .  her cosmetics are worn by the likes of michelle obama and kate middleto .
 secret service dog falls to its death from roof of new orleans parking deck <sec> the dog was sweeping a parking deck near where vp biden was speaking .  the agency calls the death a `` tragic accident '' .  the agency has been using belgian malinois since 197 .
 the pain game : casey martin 's golf career comes full circle <sec> casey martin will play at his first major tournament since the 1998 u.s. open .  golfer will again use a cart to get around the olympic club course .  the 40-year-old american suffers from a circulatory problem in his right leg .  he played with college teammate tiger woods in practice this wee .
 cell phone stories writing new chapter in print publishing <sec> hugely popular cell phone novels have created new market for publishers in japan .  written on cell phone , often by 20-somethings with themes taboo in society .  publishing boom has led to sector maturing , but sales still in millions of copies .  cell phone novels finding popularity in u.s. with advancing mobile technolog .
 'ferrari ' train driving high-speed rail renaissance <sec> ntv is italy 's first high-speed rail company not run by the state .  the company 's italo service has been nicknamed the `` ferrari train '' .  `` high-speed trains the future of europe , '' says ntv chairma .
 north korea 's cold war airliners draw plane enthusiasts <sec> aviation enthusiasts love north korea 's cold war-era airliners .  north korean airline air koryo flies decades-old soviet-built planes .  travelers reveal what it 's like to fly in north kore .
 iran touts launch of new missiles ; u.s. says it 's watching closely <sec> new : iran 's president slams the u.s. in a speech marking the islamic revolution .  last week , a navy official reportedly said warships were headed to u.s. maritime borders .  a u.s. official said there was no operational information to support that claim .  the latest iranian claim came a day before the anniversary of the islamic revolutio .
 help the horses : ban new york carriage rides <sec> matt bershadker : when traditions are unacceptable , we should change them .  bershadker : horses pull hundreds of pounds through bad traffic on streets for nine hours .  he says : lost jobs concerns are legit , so we must offer other ways for drivers to make living .  bershadker : aspca shares position bravely backed by new york mayor bill de blasi .
 'modern family ' creator knocks death-obsessed emmys <sec> there were several tributes to stars we lost this year .  levitan called it `` saddest emmys of all time '' .  he said tributes dragged down the sho .
 student killed at s.c. state university ; police hunt 4 suspects <sec> new : victim identified as brandon robinson , 20 , of orangeburg , south carolina .  the student shot at south carolina state has died , school president says .  police continue to hunt for 4 people who witnesses said were tied to the crime .  this is the third shooting at a u.s. university this wee .
 which tv shows were most influential ? <sec> in a survey of tv critics , `` hill street blues '' changed the direction of programming .  `` er '' and `` csi '' failed to get even one mention from the panel .  in all , 46 shows were cited as having a strong influence on t .
 'turbaned tornado ' , world 's oldest marathon runner , retires <sec> fauja singh , 101 , completes final race in hong kong .  the great , great grandfather has run 9 marathons .  took up long-distance running after death of son .  attributes success to love of the spor .
 thank you , anderson <sec> gregory maguire : most people knew anderson cooper was gay ; he came out monday .  he likes that cooper insists that he still deserves privacy .  he says like cooper , he knows that being gay is one part of the many qualities that define him .  maguire : emerson said `` character is centrality ; '' maybe cooper believes this , to .
 'humans of new york ' image raises more than $ 1 million <sec> `` humans of new york '' portrait inspires online fundraising campaign for school .  it was intended to fund three classes ' trip to harvard .  but extra money will now go to summer studies , a scholarship fun .
 michael jackson 's mom gets custody of kids <sec> katherine jackson named permanent guardian of michael jackson 's kids .  she will be given copies of michael jackson aeg contracts .  lawyers ' petition accuses executors of keeping singer 's mother `` in the dark .
 teaching lions and humans to get along <sec> paula kahumbu is a kenyan conservationist aiming to reduce human-wildlife conflict .  lion populations in kenya have fallen drastically in the last 15 years .  kahumbu is training lions and educating humans to get along bette .
 2 yemeni nationals charged <sec> authorities allege the two al qaeda members plotted to kill americans abroad .  saddiq al-abbadi is accused of fighting u.s. forces in iraq and afghanistan .  both men face a maximum sentence of life in priso .
 turning soccer fans into an army for good <sec> jon burns ' nonprofit lets soccer fans volunteer in cities that host major tournaments .  he says the love of soccer creates a bond ; almost 300 volunteers went to the world cup .  they 're building a complex for a program serving kids from poor areas just outside curitiba , brazi .
 why does n't obama like to schmooze ? <sec> criticized for his aloof style , president barack obama says he likes to spend time with family .  michael takiff : obama seems standoffish because he does n't like to schmooze .  he says unlike obama , president bill clinton always found time to connect with people .  takiff : the way each president has set up his private life depends on his personalit .
 major kurt chew-een lee , asian-american marines trailblazer dies at 88 <sec> maj. kurt chew-een lee won several military honors for service in korean war .  lee was son of chinese immigrants , born in california .  lee faced racism in the u.s. military , but led a daring rescue of troops .  lee won second-highest military honor , navy cros .
 texas terror suspect made video for bin laden , fbi says <sec> fbi : suspect recorded video in hotel ; intended for osama bin laden to see it .  hosam smadi accused of plotting to bomb dallas skyscraper .  lawyer : smadi `` a scared 19-year-old kid held away from his family '' .  judge also ordered smadi bound over for future hearing .
 report : apps industry surging to $ 25 billion <sec> the global app industry will grow to $ 25 billion in 2013 , gartner inc. projects .  comes as sales of smartphones are projected to eclipse feature phones for the first time .  last month , china became the top market for android and apple ios smartphones and tablets .  smartphone users in the u.s. now spend more than two hours a day using app .
 charges dropped against american father in japan custody battle <sec> christopher savoie was jailed in japan after trying to get kids back from mother .  noriko savoie was granted custody of kids , later fled to japan .  christopher savoie was steps away from u.s. consulate when he was arrested .  authorities released christopher savoie after he said he would not take kids `` in this manner .
 bp documents highlight pr strategy after deadly texas blast <sec> documents show bp 's concern over media coverage of deadly 2005 texas refinery explosion .  bp exec 's e-mail says coverage of the explosion 'will ... go away -- due to the holiday weekend ' .  bp is now under fire for failure to cap its oil well in the gulf of mexico .  lawyer says 2005 documents show bp 's focus on 'damage control ' has n't change .
 google error cancels christmas ( and all of december ) <sec> a buggy app in google 's new mobile operating system omits the month of december .  one headline asks , `` is google the new grinch who stole christmas ? '' .  new : google posted a statement tuesday vowing to fix the proble .
 u.n. envoy robert serry : situation in crimea 'dangerous ' <sec> robert serry talks to `` the situation room with wolf blitzer '' .  the u.n. envoy to ukraine was threatened by armed men in crimea .  he calls for political dialogue and a de-escalation of tension .
 judge orders release of videos showing forced feedings <sec> videos show forced feedings at guantanamo bay .  they can only be released with modifications .  government will likely appeal , meaning they wo n't be seen soo .
