 senate panel examining how chemicals in daily life affect kids ' health <sec> cnn 's dr. sanjay gupta will be a witness at tuesday 's hearing .  the issue was the focus of the cnn special `` toxic america '' .  sen. lautenberg of new jersey is holding the hearing in his home stat .
 deputy in tulsa shooting pleads not guilty <sec> robert bates said he meant to subdue a suspect with a taser but accidentally shot him .  the preliminary hearing is scheduled for july 2 .  the judge said bates was free to travel to the bahamas for a family vacatio .
 mexico : cartel suspects attack snack food company <sec> attackers set ablaze sabritas warehouses and delivery trucks .  the company is a subsidiary of pepsico , distributing snack products in mexico .  authorities arrest four suspects they say are members of the knights templar .  business leaders call for authorities to punish the perpetrator .
 couple getting divorced on valentine 's day <sec> couple 's valentine 's day split makes point about emotional toll of divorce .  divorcehotel says its service is cheaper than going through courts .  `` it is possible to split up in a positive way , '' says company founder . .  couple has been married 25 years and has four childre .
 8 sundance film festival flicks we want to see <sec> `` project nim '' is about scientists who conducted an experiment an a young chimp .  `` meek 's cutoff '' sets michelle williams on the oregon trail in 1845 .  in `` my idiot brother , '' paul rudd stars as the slacker brother of three sister .
 obama resurrects military trials for terror suspects <sec> obama revives bush system that was suspended in january .  new system to include expanded due-process rights for the suspects , obama says .  aclu calls move `` a striking blow to due process and the rule of law .
 ethnic hatred fuels more kenya violence <sec> red cross reports people being burned alive .  ethnic fighting kills 47 people since thursday in western kenya , opposition says .  violence follows meeting between president kibaki and opposition leader .  more than 500 people have been killed in violence that followed the electio .
 libyan minister closes lockerbie bomber case <sec> al megrahi was convicted in 2001 of the bombing of pan am flight 103 .  all 259 people aboard and 11 people on the ground were killed .  scotland 's justice minister granted al megrahi an early release in august 2009 .  politicians have called for al megrahi to be sent back to priso .
 japan eyes new radiation standards that could widen evacuation zone <sec> new : japan considers new standards for evacuation zone .  nitrogen is being used to counter a buildup of hydrogen in reactor no . .  1 .  japan asks about a russian ship to treat radioactive water .  new : no damage is reported from the newest quak .
 police gunfire killed hofstra university student , official says <sec> student andrea rebello was killed by police gunfire , police say .  new york home invasion suspect killed in shootout was dalton smith , 30 .  he was on parole for first-degree robbery , nassau county police say .  but he was wanted for absconding from parole since april 25 , police sa .
 commentary : why there 's a 'day without gays ' <sec> david craig : i 've been battling for marriage equality for gays since 1990 .  he says civil unions do n't provide same level of rights and benefits as marriage .  craig is part of a group organizing `` day without gays '' protest for december 10 .  craig : poll shows growing support for gay unions and for gay marriag .
 fifa : michael garcia wants world cup bidding report to be made public <sec> michael garcia wants fifa to make the findings of report into 2018/2022 world cup bidding process public .  fifa said last week it has no plans to publicize the findings of the report .  russia was awarded the 2018 world cup while qatar will hold the event in 2022 .  american lawyer garcia says the publication would help fifa 's `` reform process .
 frank schleck to leave tour de france after failing doping test <sec> frank schleck to leave tour de france after testing positive for banned substance .  cycling 's governing body says radioshack rider tested positive for diuretic xipamide .  schleck 's team say he will not race for them again during the rest of the tour .  the 32-year-old finished third in 2011 and is brother of 2010 tour winner and .
 dennis rodman teammate charles smith : north korea did n't pay us <sec> dennis rodman arrives at beijing airport after leaving north korea .  the basketball players were n't acting as political liaisons , charles smith tells cnn .  in 30-minute interview he says he felt for dennis rodman , who put a lot of pressure on himself .  smith says he did n't know the date of the contest was the birthday of north korea 's leade .
 u.s. intelligence chief to snowden : turn over all documents now <sec> clapper says north korea has stepped up activities at its main nuclear complex .  intelligence chiefs give a senate panel the annual assessment of global threats .  dni clapper : terrorists , foes `` going to school '' on classified leaks .  military intelligence director flynn says snowden leaks caused `` grave damage .
 and the winner of the english premier league is ... <sec> computer game predicts chelsea to win english premier league .  title holders manchester city in runners-up spot .  manchester united predicted to finish third under louis van gaal .  chelsea tops current standings by five point .
 attack at kashmir military post kills 5 indian soldiers <sec> new : indian official : terrorists , people in pakistan army uniforms carried out ambush .  pakistan denies playing a part in the attack .  the two neighbors have had a cease-fire along the de facto border .  india says pakistan has violated that 33 times between february and jul .
 uk : army to get leader keen on afghan surge <sec> british general who advocates a troop `` surge '' in afghanistan to head army .  gen. david richards is the current commander-in-chief of british land forces .  richards headed nato 's forces in afghanistan may 2006 to february 200 .
 another day of syrian violence : 10 dead <sec> new : witnesses say 10 are killed in douma and izraa .  homs is eerily quiet but shots have been reported there .  syrians turned out to mourn dozens who died frida .
 police name 'jane doe ' found in n.y . <sec> komo-tv : family says this is n't first time woman found with apparent memory loss .  kacie a. peterson , 18 , was found outside manhattan youth shelter october 9 .  police : woman claimed not to know her name , family .  cnn viewer in maryland identified the woman , police sa .
 cheney calls mubarak a good friend , u.s. ally <sec> cheney speaks at a ceremony honoring former president ronald reagan .  egyptian protesters are pledging to stay on the streets until hosni mubarak steps dow .
 yemen : hostages freed from al qaeda captors <sec> yemeni government sources : al qaeda operatives briefly held seven yemenis .  all eight hostages freed in predawn raid , sources say .  forces kill seven captors , yemen 's saba official news agency say .
 rand paul to cnn : aid to israel ok -- for now <sec> rand paul tell cnn he would ultimately favor ending all foreign aid , including to israel . .  the kentucky senator has faced criticism for saying he never made such a proposal .
 connecticut massacre suspect adam lanza was a 'nice kid , ' some say <sec> officials : lanza killed 26 people at a school and his mother before he was found dead .  suspect 's aunt : lanza was `` never in trouble with the law , never in trouble with anything '' .  `` you could definitely tell he was a genius , '' a neighbor and former classmate says .  another former classmate recalls him as `` just a kid '' who did n't show violent tendencie .
 obama calls for congress to pass education reforms <sec> new : president obama urges more respect and more pay for teachers .  new : obama opposes cutting education spending , as proposed by repubicans .  new : obama tells students at a virginia middle school that their education is a priority .  members of congress are divided on how to reform the ac .
 council of europe report criticizes blatter in isl corruption case <sec> sepp blatter singled out in council of europe report into bribery allegations .  report finds it `` extraordinary '' he did not make public information held by fifa .  blatter also criticized over remarks he made to cnn earlier this year .  report to be debated wednesday by council of europe representative .
 to beat trafficking , change mindsets ( opinion ) <sec> human trafficking is a multibillion dollar global industry , cindy mccain says .  some 100,000 to 300,000 u.s. children are at risk of being trafficked each year , she says .  more training is needed to identify human trafficking victims , mccain say .
 in iraq , colbert gets military haircut to show his solidarity <sec> stephen colbert tapes first of four shows he 'll produce in iraq this week .  comedian tells guest , the imposing gen. ray odierno , it 's like `` interviewing shrek '' .  at president obama 's taped orders , odierno cuts colbert 's hair to wild cheering .  sunday show to be televised on the comedy central network monday nigh .
 cuba further eases limits on private businesses <sec> all private businesses are allowed to hire employees , the council of ministers says .  details will be provided at a later date , granma newspaper reports .  more than 200,000 cubans have bought licenses to open small businesses since octobe .
 rory mcilroy opens 2015 account with dubai win <sec> rory mcilroy claims dubai desert classic title .  cements his status as world number one .  alexander noren closes strongly for second place .  mcilroy 's court case against former management company begins later this wee .
 20 killed in coal mine blast <sec> dozens more still trapped , state media says .  blast comes after china moves to close many coal mines as part of a safety pla .
 us , china differences over asia territorial disputes on sharp display <sec> territorial disputes over islands in asia are boiling over into violence .  key u.s. , chinese military leaders hold frank private talks .  one issue involves standoff between china and vietnam .  the u.s. encourages all sides to resolve their disputes diplomaticall .
 reactions to angelina jolie 's surgery decision <sec> praise pours in for angelina jolie 's decision to go public with surgery decision .  she had ovaries , fallopian tubes removed to reduce cancer risk , she says in new york times .  `` angelina jolie is an amazing woman , '' one twitter user wrot .
 cairo artists take creative energy to the streets <sec> egypt 's revolution in 2011 has given birth to an explosion of new creativity , especially street art .  street art has existed in cairo before the revolution , albeit furtive and hardly visible .  artists and curators are hoping to foster the country 's burgeoning creativit .
 5 things to watch for at the world cup on sunday <sec> brazil has reason to party after its team squeaked past chile .  offensive powerhouse netherlands face mexico 's nearly airtight defense sunday .  guess who has always won when algeria has played germany in the past ? .  everybody loves colombia and james rodrigue .
 jodi arias case bumps a bigger story <sec> howard kurtz : story of kidnapped women in cleveland is a riveting one .  he says news outlets switched attention to jodi arias verdict wednesday afternoon .  kurtz says murder cases are sadly common ; cleveland case of a different magnitude .  kurtz : story `` commands our attention as a matter of human compassion .
 behind the scenes : an evening with border patrol <sec> about half of seizures of illegal drugs from mexico occurred in eastern arizona region .  in past six months , border patrol has seized about 500,000 pounds of drugs .  bushels of tomatoes conceal 908 lbs . .  of marijuana in truck seized by patrol .  cnn 's gary tuchman : `` law enforcement life here is not for the squeamish .
 former ricin suspect : 'train has been lifted off my shoulders ' <sec> `` i 'm overwhelmed . .  i 'm extremely happy to be vindicated , '' he says .  new information has come to light , u.s. attorney says .  source says investigators are looking at someone trying to frame him .  curtis had been accused of mailing the poison to obama , a u.s. senator and a judg .
 shoot video like a pro <sec> cnn 's ireport boot camp challenges ireporters to improve storytelling chops .  cnn 's nick scott shares his advice on capturing video .  show us your video skills by september .
 seattle man gets 18 years in terror plot <sec> plan was to attack a military processing center using grenades and machine guns .  abu khalid abdul-latif , also known as anthony davis , pleaded guilty in december .  judge says attack could have done 'incredible harm ' had it gone forward .  new : authorities were monitoring abdul-latif and co-conspirato .
 japanese biker fails to notice missing leg <sec> japanese biker failed to notice his leg had been severed below knee in accident .  biker hit a safety barrier , and rode on for 2 km ( 1.2 miles ) .  a friend picked up the missing limb which had been crushed in the collisio .
 india , russia mark decade of strategic ties with medvedev visit <sec> talks between medvedev and singh cover a range of issues .  russia supplies india with more than 60 % of its military hardware supplies .  the two sides have held summits every year since 200 .
 latino vote key to obama 's re-election - cnnpolitics.com <sec> latino vote helped obama win in battleground states , made up 10 % of electorate for first time .  navarro : `` if we do n't do better with hispanics , we 'll be out of the white house forever '' .  latinos voted for obama over romney 71 % to 27 .
 8 u.s. troops killed in battle with militants in afghanistan <sec> new : battle lasted 12 hours as hundreds of militants fired on outpost , official says .  eight u.s. troops , two members of afghan national security force killed in fighting .  coalition forces say they called in airstrikes , repelled attack from militants .  incident marks deadliest day for u.s. troops in afghanistan since 200 .
 string of bomb blasts leaves 4 dead , 14 wounded in iraq <sec> the deputy head of the iraqi national dialogue front is killed by a suicide bomb blast .  an iraqi police captain is killed when a bomb attached under his vehicle explodes .  bomb blast wounds seven people putting up campaign posters and banner .
 lysacek : homelessness can happen to anyone <sec> olympic champion evan lysacek supports help usa , the nation 's largest homeless advocate .  help usa provides housing and support services so people can get back on their feet .  lysacek : help usa experience has `` taught me so much about working and remaining positive .
 mark harmon in cancer immunotherapy awareness psa <sec> cancer immunotherapy involves mobilizing the immune system to fight cancer .  `` cancer research is extremely important to me , '' mark harmon says .  studies are showing progress in the field of immunotherap .
 pakistan vows to arrest musharraf for bhutto assassination <sec> musharraf was president when bhutto was assassinated .  officials said they believe he intentionally left her vulnerable .  bhutto was assassinated in a gun-suicide attack in december 200 .
 when credit cards put you in jeopardy <sec> americans put $ 2.2 trillion in debt on their credit cards last year .  percentage of those who pay late is highest in three years .  some companies will lower your interest rate .  expert : use no more than 10 percent of your available credi .
 hollywood slump puts famous props on the block <sec> dramatic decline in hollywood productions over the past year prompts auction .  submarine , fake nuclear warhead and austin powers ' cryogenic chamber to be sold .  inventory also includes a drill used by ben affleck and bruce willis in `` armageddon '' .  potential bidders have registered from dozens of countrie .
 facebook : are you sure you want to click on that ? <sec> facebook adds security feature to warn users about clicking on harmful links .  users will get a pop-up message when they try to access a site that may be hazardous .  websense says viruses have increased due to workplace social-media use .  scammers post links on facebook in an effort to steal users ' personal informatio .
 tv in 1960s vs today : times have changed , right ? <sec> in 1961 , fcc chairman newton minow deemed tv a `` vast wasteland '' .  back then , there were three networks and a lot of dumbed-down content .  today , tv critic eric deggans says things have changed for the better .  even today 's formulaic shows do n't pander to audience the way '60s shows did , he say .
 10 types of emotionally stunted men to avoid <sec> emotional immaturity usually is n't obvious right away .  `` emotionally stunted '' guys are adult men who for some reason never matured emotionally .  a man needs to be secure with himself before he can be secure with someone else .  they range from hero to tragic tom to mamma 's boy to the career obsessiv .
 stokes : 'we expand their village to include the entire world ' <sec> cnn hero amy stokes founded a non-profit to help children orphaned by aids .  she says the kids are resilient but just lack the equipment they need to succeed .  mentors from around the world make sure the kids are never truly alon .
 exploring kyoto 's sagano bamboo forest <sec> kyoto 's sagano bamboo forest is considered one of the world 's most beautiful forests .  nearby tenryu-ji listed as one of kyoto 's five most significant temples .  best ways to explore arashiyama include sagano scenic train , bike rental .
 lebanese intelligence chief aware of threat before death <sec> new : an fbi team is en route to lebanon .  threats were made against four lawmakers , a parliamentarian says .  brig . .  gen. wissam al-hassan and two others were killed in a car bombing last week .  since the killing , sporadic clashes have been triggered across lebano .
 tuberculosis : 10 killer facts <sec> tuberculosis is an airborne and contagious disease .  if left untreated , the disease is deadly .  the combination of tb and hiv is particularly lethal .  some drug-resistant forms of tb are virtually untreatabl .
 chinua achebe and nigeria : things fall apart <sec> chinua achebe was a genius , laden with 'the gift of ancient storytellers , ' writes tolu ogunlesi .  achebe twice rejected awards from the nigerian government .  anger triggered by civil war , government failures , defined his relationship with nigeria , says ogunlesi .  ogunlesi : 'we should 'read his writing with the passion with which we revere his person .
 former alice in chains bassist mike starr dies <sec> starr appeared on the tv reality show `` celebrity rehab '' .  police say they found him dead at a salt lake city home .  starr was 4 .
 mallorca stunned by lowly tenerife <sec> real mallorca 's hopes of qualifying for champions league dented by tenerife defeat .  mallorca fail to return to the top four in spain as islanders ' poor away form continues .  promoted tenerife move up to 18th place but are still in the relegation zone .  last season 's top scorer nino nets the only goal of the game in the 14th minut .
 the next frontier in 3-d printing : human organs <sec> 3-d printers may someday be producing complex -- and controversial -- human organs .  their precise process can reproduce vascular systems required to make organs viable .  doctor : `` it has the potential for being a very important breakthrough '' .  researcher : bioprinting will spark a major ethical debate by 201 .
 rebels arrested in assassination plot , colombian leader says <sec> plot was against defense minister juan manuel santos , president says .  ten guerrillas planned to kill santos ' family , president alvaro uribe says .  members of the revolutionary armed forces of colombia were captured , uribe say .
 michelle obama admits binge-watching 'scandal ' <sec> the first lady is caught up on `` scandal '' .  she watched while traveling hawaii .  said she loves kerry washingto .
 british authorities charge 5 royal marines with murder in afghanistan death <sec> in all , nine marines were arrested ; four have been released .  the ministry offers little detail about the case .  the independent says the marines discussed whether to help a wounded afghan .  the afghan had attacked their patrol , the paper say .
