 former kgb chief a suicide , police say <sec> former kgb chief leonid shebarshin is found dead in his apartment in moscow .  a weapon is found near the body , an official says .  a suicide note is also found , police tell state news agenc .
 10 of the world 's 'blobbiest ' buildings <sec> `` blobitecture '' comprises buildings with few or no right angles and fluid , flowing forms .  experience music project in seattle , locally known as `` the blob , '' is a prime example .  blob building fondation louis vuitton pour la création , designed by frank o. gehry , to open in paris in 201 .
 levee breach lowers river , but record flooding still forecast <sec> new : animals rescued in southeast missouri .  operations seems to be working thus far , corps says .  levees are breached at birds point and new madrid , missouri .  record or near-record flooding is still forecast in at least eight state .
 man saved from nepal earthquake rubble after 82 hours <sec> a french rescue team finds rishi khanal more than three days after the quake .  a 4-month-old baby is reported to have been rescued after 22 hours in rubbl .
 getty makes millions of photos free for online use <sec> new : copying of getty photos `` spoke to an opportunity , '' vp says .  new : getty may make money , `` but not their photographers , '' one photographer fears .  getty images is allowing online noncommercial use of 35 million photos .  the content-sharing service is walking a `` thin line , '' analyst say .
 hollywood horror show : writers to strike <sec> new : writers guild of america board votes to strike as of 12:01 a.m. pt monday .  shows like letterman , leno , kimmel , `` daily show '' could be hurt first by walkout .  impasse concerns royalties from dvd sales and new media .  film-tv industry responsible for estimated 1.3 million u.s. job .
 soccer storm in the caribbean : how diplomacy faltered over football <sec> jamaica and haiti are embroiled in a dispute that arose over soccer .  haiti claims its under-17 team was forced to withdraw from a tournament hosted by jamaica .  the row centers over two haitian players who were suspected of having malaria .  jamaica insists the matter is now resolved but the haitians want an apolog .
 messi strike gives argentina victory over rivals brazil <sec> argentina beat brazil for the first time in five years in friendly international in doha .  lionel messi scores the only goal of the game with a solo effort in injury-time .  united states beat 2010 world cup hosts south africa 1-0 in cape town .  world cup quarterfinalists paraguay thrash hong kong 7-0 in another friendl .
 when consumers push soda companies out of politics <sec> ilyse hogue : coke bowing out of alec shows how accountability looks in election year .  she says american legislative exchange council pushed voter id , `` stand your ground '' laws .  she says in post-citizens united world , people do n't tolerate mix of corporations , politics .  hogue : look for more consumers to seek democracy amid corporate influenc .
 qantas airliner springs a leak , douses passengers <sec> qantas flight turns back to los angeles after water pipe starts leaking .  passengers were never in any danger , airline says .  officials are talking with airbus to get the leak fixe .
 in newtown , a season of peace destroyed <sec> signs of holiday cheer replaced with calls for prayer and mourning .  initial trauma turns to grief as newtown families come together .  parents begin to face the new reality in newtown , connecticu .
 when you do n't trust your boss <sec> whether employed in a large corporation or a small company , trust inevitably plays a role .  what happens when you do n't trust your boss ? .  cnn.com asked career coaches for insight .  jessica moore switched jobs to end relationship with untrustworthy bos .
 web accessibility no longer an afterthought <sec> web designers are starting to take accessibility very seriously .  about 60 million people in u.s. ca n't use the internet in the normal fashion .  photos or images can create problems if publisher does n't add alt text .  sophisticated speech recognition technologies are finally coming to fruitio .
 agent : hussein was surprised u.s. invaded <sec> cbs : hussein claimed he did n't think the u.s. would invade iraq over wmd .  fbi agent says hussein lied about having wmd to intimidate iran .  but the iraqi dictator said he wanted to start the wmd program again , agent said .  hussein was captured in 2003 and hanged in 200 .
 do americans think your job is prestigious ? <sec> sixty-one percent of americans say firefighters have prestigious job .  teachers , scientists also get high marks in recent harris poll .  bankers , athletes and journalists get low mark .
 relief as typhoon hagupit spares tacloban , passes north <sec> residents of tacloban returning to home to check for damage .  town relatively unscathed by typhoon hagupit which made landfall saturday .  tacloban was all but destroyed by super typhoon haiyan last year .  survivors feared all their efforts to rebuild would be destroye .
 prosecutors say aaron hernandez discussed killing in jailhouse calls <sec> defense attorneys move to block request for aaron hernandez 's jailhouse calls .  the former nfl star is being held on first-degree murder charge in death of odin lloyd .  prosecutor says hernandez used `` coded messages '' while discussing killing during calls .  he has pleaded not guilty to the charge stemming from the june killin .
 'octomom ' mom nadya suleman charged with welfare fraud <sec> the mother of 14 is accused of taking welfare money while earning cash as a stripper .  nadya suleman is scheduled to go before a judge on friday .  her topless dancing and adult film work was no secret last year .  welfare fraud charges could bring more than five years in priso .
 poachers in zimbabwe poison 87 elephants for ivory , official says <sec> poachers have used cyanide to kill more than 80 elephants in zimbabwe , park official says .  the poachers poisoned natural salt licks in hwange national park , official says .  environment minister says he will push for tougher penalties for ivory poachers .  conservationists say record numbers of elephants are dying to meet soaring deman .
 king richard iii grave opens to public <sec> new museum tells the story of richard iii 's family , battlefield death and the uncovering of his bones .  medieval king was found buried beneath a municipal parking lot in uk city of leicester .  thousands have flocked to see the final resting place of controversial monarc .
 colombian hostage freed after nearly 7-year ordeal <sec> new : family greets sigifredo lopez , the sixth hostage to be freed by farc this week .  lopez is only survivor of 12 lawmakers who were abducted in april 2002 .  farc filmed video of audacious mission to kidnap congressmen .  eleven of congressmen were killed in captivity in june 200 .
 alicia keys , john legend to perform for cnn heroes <sec> grammy winners to perform at cnn heroes event .  the show will honor the top 10 cnn heroes , as selected by a distinguished panel .  it airs globally at 9 p.m . .  et november 27 ( 0200 gmt november 28 ) .  the program culminates with the announcement of the cnn hero of the yea .
 'mission : impossible 5 ' trailer is out <sec> tom cruise shares trailer for `` mission : impossible rogue nation '' sunday on twitte .
 priests in same-sex relationships may become anglican bishops <sec> the priests in same-sex unions must remain celibate .  the anglican church recognizes marriage as being only between a man and a woman .  sex should be practiced only within a marriage , the church says .  women may be priests but are not allowed to become bishop .
 man sentenced 30 years for oregon christmas bomb plot <sec> new : mohamed osman mohamud , a naturalized citizen , gets 30 years in bomb plot .  feds say he planned to bomb a 2010 christmas ceremony in portland , oregon .  mohamud said he wanted people to leave `` dead or injured , '' an affidavit says .  he exchanged emails with al qaeda member and another terrorist suspec .
 to prepare for disasters , have a plan b <sec> judith rodin : in a globalized world , local disasters can have consequences everywhere .  she says the japanese tsunami led to part shortages that shut down assemby lines in u.s . .  rodin : governments and businesses need to have contingency plans to cope with surprise .
 taking the kids : on an old-fashioned montana ski trip <sec> big sky resort in montana gets some 400 inches of snow a year .  kids 10 and under ski for free ; ski school classes are small .  there are only a few restaurants in the area , so cozy up in your cabi .
 manchester united owners report huge financial losses <sec> the owners of manchester united announce huge losses for the last financial year .  red football joint venture confirm a deficit of $ 178 million up to april 2010 .  lionel messi takes over from david beckham at the top of the players ' earnings table .  messi earned $ 48 million according to a report in france football magazin .
 hillary clinton 's hormones are a problem ? ( opinion ) <sec> a businesswoman worries that if hillary clinton becomes president , her hormones will make her go to war .  mel robbins : what 's scary is that the bias against women in the workplace is still going strong in 201 .
 kenyan chief foils robbery via twitter , highlights reach of social media <sec> the chief sends out tweets , which residents get in the form of a text message .  he also tweets to alert residents about missing animals and share doses of encouragement .  residents in his town do n't need a smart phone or web access to get the messages .  study : about 57 % of tweets from africa are sent from mobile device .
 commentary : beating the homeless is cruel , not cool <sec> levin , stoops : homeless are n't protected by hate-crime laws or tolerance lessons .  they say new report documents disturbing level of violence vs. homeless .  they say popular culture leads some to think of hunting homeless as a sport .  levin , stoops : laws must forcefully block violence against homeles .
 rory mcilroy shares tears with his mum as 'jinx ' ends <sec> rory mcilroy 's mother rosie first to congratulate him .  mcilroy won british open at hoylake by two shots .  father gerry is a regular at his tournaments .  targeting 2015 u.s. masters to complete career grand sla .
 nigeria 's 500-year-old dye tradition under threat <sec> kano is said to be home to the oldest dye pits in africa , dating back to 1498 .  indigo , potassium and ash are mixed with water to produce a deep blue dye .  the tradition is under threat from cheap fabric imports from abroa .
 kazakhstan to investigate police role in protest deaths <sec> new : the kazakh general prosecutor 's office has opened a criminal case over police use of force .  new : a special prosecutor will head the inquiry to ensure objectivity , the prosecutor 's office says .  at least 16 people died and scores were injured in the december 16 clashes , state media reports .  kazakhstan , which has large oil reserves , is due to hold elections next mont .
 catherine makes first public appearance since royal baby was born <sec> prince william and catherine greet members of the public at the start of an ultramarathon .  it is catherine 's first public appearance since she gave birth to prince george in july .  the royal baby has not been seen in public since leaving the hospital where he was bor .
 epa : rivers high in arsenic , heavy metals after sludge spill <sec> `` several heavy metals '' found in levels above safe drinking-water standards .  tva pledges cleanup ; officials say treatment facility tests show water is potable .  breach at retention site has released more than a billion gallons of coal waste .  15 homes damaged , at least 300 acres covered ; area residents evacuate .
 nelson mandela 'in good shape , ' says south african president <sec> new images of the former leader appear to show a frail man .  mandela , 94 , was discharged from the hospital this month .  `` we are very happy . .  we think that he 's fine , '' says the presiden .
 heather locklear 'is in no danger , ' says parents <sec> heather locklear was taken to the hospital after a 911 call .  `` she is in no danger and she 's going to be just fine , '' bill and diane locklear said .  the hospital declined to disclose any medical information beyond locklear 's conditio .
 haiti quake survivor : sharing hope , talk , and a tootsie pop <sec> rick santos and 5 colleagues were pinned under rubble by tuesday quake .  wednesday morning , they heard searchers and talked to them , but then nothing .  rescuers finally came back and got them out on thursday night .  two of santos ' colleagues died in the debris of collapsed hotel montan .
 visitors to u.s. face refusal under new online entry system <sec> travelers risk being turned away at u.s. airports , as entry rules come into effect .  esta allows short-term visitors under the visa waiver program entry to the u.s . .  visitors must register details online at least three days before they depar .
 nyc-bound delta plane returns to madrid after takeoff <sec> delta flight 415 returned to madrid shortly after takeoff ; no injuries reported .  airline says return was `` precautionary , '' while airport reports mechanical problem .  spanish newspaper el pais says problem was related to hydraulic syste .
 golfers don masks on fairways as smog mars beijing 's big sport weekend <sec> beijing 's biggest sporting weekend of 2013 was marred by hazardous smog levels .  players at an lpga tournament took to the fairways wearing surgical masks .  swedish tennis player robert lindstedt called the air quality `` a disaster '' and `` a joke '' .  event organizer david shin says beijing may struggle to continue to attract top talen .
 hong kong 's disappearing outdoor food stalls <sec> only 28 licensed dai pai dong , or outdoor food stalls , remain in hong kong .  dai pai dong famous for cantonese classics like beef noodles and steamed clams .  government is not offering new licenses , so future of dai pai dong is uncertai .
 kenyans debate : withdraw troops from somalia ? <sec> kenyan troops have been in somalia since 2011 to try to root out terrorists .  the terrorists who killed dozens in nairobi said they resent troops ' presence .  some kenyans say it 's time to get out and start afresh .  others say withdrawing is a sign of cowardice and that border security is ke .
 russian police question suspect in bolshoi ballet director 's acid attack <sec> an masked attacker doused acid on sergei filin , causing severe burns .  state media : the bolshoi ballet 's artistic director had received threatening call .
 cnn student news transcript - june 8 , 2012 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the end of year newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 u.s. to honduras : end emergency decree now <sec> roberto micheletti said he would repeal decree but not be immediately .  decree clamps down on public gatherings , lets government close news media .  jose manuel zelaya was ousted as president of honduras three months ago .  zelaya has returned to tegucigalpa and is holed up in brazilian embass .
 cnn student news - october 29 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 rumsfeld : wmd issue was `` the big one '' in iraq invasion <sec> the former defense secretary says intelligence sources sometimes lie .  rumsfeld rejects notion that u.s. is more popular overseas under president obama .  the obama administration is keeping some bush policies , rumsfeld say .
 kiev police chief resigns after riot police violence <sec> kiev 's police chief resigns after riot police violence against protesters , police say .  anti-government demonstrators continue to clash with security forces sunday .  interior minister apologizes for violence , but urges protesters to behav .
 appeals court dismisses lawsuit over warrantless wiretap program <sec> al-haramain said its overseas communications were illegally monitored .  court said congress never waived immunity for government officials .  justice department was sharply criticized by appeals cour .
 groening : 'no end in sight ' for simpsons <sec> simpsons creator matt groening : movie is culmination of 20 years ' hard work .  writer al jean says success is down to show 's universal appeal .  movie uses traditional hand-drawn animation technique .
 french national assembly passes armenian genocide bill <sec> new : erdogan says turkey is reviewing ties with france .  turkish pm erdogan threatens sanctions if the bill becomes law .  the genocide issue regularly comes up in the u.s. congress .  the french senate must vote on the measure no .
 cologne bottom of table despite podolski goal <sec> lukas podolski scores his first goal since returning to cologne in 2-1 defeat .  jefferson farfan and levan kobiashvili scored the goals that gave schalke win .  the defeat leaves cologne on bottom of the bundesliga table after five game .
 medical examiner in north carolina hotel death cases resigns <sec> new : police found holes in ventilation pipes below room where three died , official says .  medical examiner resigns amid controversy over toxicology reports in hotel deaths .  it 's unclear if brent hall 's resignation is linked to investigation into those deaths .  state says hall got test results on june 1 ; police say he did n't tell them until june .
 dominican official : i warned u.s. church leader about haitian kids <sec> dominican consul general : `` this woman knew what she was trying to do was not legal . '' .  laura silsby , 9 other americans turned back from border with 33 haitian children .  the u.s. church group is being held by haitian authorities .  haiti and dominican republic share the caribbean island of hispaniol .
 key witness against michael jackson 's doctor is missing <sec> the man who says he shipped propofol to dr. murray left the country , prosecutors say .  prosecutors want to limit testimony by jackson 's makeup artist .  prosecutors are studying the questionnaires of 145 potential jurors .  the final phase of jury selection starts next wee .
 obama calls for reducing u.s. , russian nukes <sec> new : historian calls obama 's speech good , but not a `` gold star '' in history .  president obama says it 's time to `` move beyond cold war postures '' on nuclear arms .  obama invokes jfk 's `` peace with justice '' call from 50 years ago .  the president speaks at berlin 's iconic brandenburg gat .
 andy murray off and running at wimbledon , stephens out <sec> andy murray begins his wimbledon defense with victory .  the third seed beats belgium 's david goffin in straight sets .  czech tomas berdych also safely into the second round .  victoria azarenka also victorious as american sloane stephens crashes ou .
 cops : suspect in killing answered 911 call <sec> victim called 911 , said he was being attacked before call cut off , prosecutor says .  janitor beat , stabbed rev . .  ed hinds after dispute over employment , prosecutor says .  suspect jose feliciano has worked at the church for 17 years , police say .  pastor died of multiple stab wounds , blood spatters indicate fight , authorities sa .
 justices turn aside another challenge over obama 's citizenship <sec> the supreme court rejects latest appeal without comment .  the challenge contends both a president 's parents must be u.s. citizens .  it says obama 's father was a british citize .
 where is argentine president cristina fernandez de kirchner ? <sec> it 's been nearly a month since argentine president cristina fernandez de kirchner 's last appearance .  critics question who 's in charge of the south american country .  fernandez 's aides dismiss concerns , stressing she 's the one making government calls .  fernandez went on medical leave in october so doctors could remove a blood clot from her brain 's surfac .
 wolf hunting now legal but still controversial <sec> environmentalists , animal rights groups protest decision .  ranchers say it might help save their flocks .  montana district court judge is considering injunction .  there are 1,600 wolves in idaho , montana , wyoming ; 330 may be kille .
 amanpour : the 3 big stories of 2014 ( opinion ) <sec> christiane amanpour picks her big three global news stories for 2014 .  she cites the russia-ukraine crisis , the syrian conflict , changes in u.s.-cuba relations .  amanpour : 2015 will be partly shaped by response to russia , syria , cuba stories of this yea .
