 solar sails could turn super-yachts green <sec> solar sails are large solar-paneled wings which can harness sun or wind power .  sydney-based company solar sailor is developing the technology .  the solar sails could be fixed to super-yachts to help reduce their fuel consumptio .
 dane cook 's half-brother , sister-in-law must repay $ 12 million <sec> darryl and erika mccauley pleaded guilty to stealing from the comedian .  the mccauley 's must pay restitution and serve time in prison .  darryl mccauley was the comedian 's business manager for year .
 zimmerman 's father says trayvon martin threatened to kill his son <sec> video shows zimmerman at police station .  `` he continued to beat george , '' father tells news station .  martin family and some legal experts say videos shows zimmerman was not severly beate .
 fbi nabs serial bank robbery suspect <sec> suspected serial bank robber arrested in medford , new york .  luis alomar is suspected in 20 robberies in three states .  the fbi had asked for public 's help in finding aloma .
 robin roberts ' mother dies , abc news says <sec> roberts makes it home to see her mother before she passes .  the death follows the announcement that roberts has a rare blood disorder .  she is set to start treatments for a bone marrow transplant next wee .
 ship emissions blamed for hong kong pollution <sec> localized pollution from ships becoming a major contributor towards the city 's smoggy skyline .  government is set to introduce legislation on shipping emissions from 2014 .  hong kong has the most fatalities from sulfur emissions in the pearl river delta region , according to a recent stud .
 nfl denies super bowl xlviii tailgating ban , allows one space per car <sec> contrary to reports , nfl says tailgating is not banned at super bowl xlviii .  of 28,000 parking spaces at metlife stadium , 15,000 will be used for security and media .  most fans at the game are expected to be out-of-towners who will use mass transi .
 body found under parking lot is king richard iii , scientists prove <sec> dna evidence says remains found under parking lot are those of richard iii .  archaeologists found the body of a man buried beneath a car park in leicester last year .  dna tests confirm `` beyond reasonable doubt '' the identity of the bones .  supporters of richard iii hope the discovery will mean history has to be rewritte .
 kessler defeats froch to claim wbc title <sec> mikkel kessler defeats carl froch to win the wbc super-middleweight title .  kessler secures unanimous points decision after 12 rounds in herning , denmark .  the defeat means briton froch loses his unbeaten record in his 27th figh .
 john oliver 's excuses to help you skip new year 's eve <sec> oliver offers several excuses you can use .  `` new year 's eve is like the death of a pet , '' he say .
 vivid heats up hollywood with porn <sec> vivid is a well-known and respected company in the porn industry .  vivid puts big budgets behind its movies , not only to get talent and directors .  the company has made a name for itself in the celeb sex tape marke .
 opinion : cliven bundy , the wild west hero . or not <sec> donna brazile looks at the furor around bundy and wonders if republicans are in denial .  bundy has been in a dispute over grazing fees he owes to the federal government .  bundy made comments recently saying that blacks were better off as slaves `` picking cotton .
 china 's youngest comrades : communists at college <sec> china 's communist party has become an exclusive club for the country 's elite .  around 7 % of china 's population currently form its ranks , the party says .  many young chinese graduates see party membership as useful for their career .  discrimination illegal under chinese law , but membership is needed for government job .
 desmond tutu in hospital for infection , foundation says <sec> tutu is to undergo tests to determine the cause of a persistent infection .  treatment is expected to take five days .  tutu , 81 , received a nobel peace prize in 1984 for efforts to end apartheid in south afric .
 opinion : they sacrificed , and now they 're giving more <sec> john bare : medal of honor recipients looking to share their view of character and courage .  their foundation is testing educational programs in schools in 38 states , he says .  bare says the medal recipients sacrificed for america and deserve our support .  there 's real urgency because the number of medal recipients is dwindling , he say .
 doctors accused over airport bombing on trial <sec> men accused of failed car bomb attacks in london and glasgow go on trial .  bilal abdulla and mohammed asha charged with conspiracy to murder .  the men , both doctors , also charged with conspiracy to cause explosion .
 january on icon : ballet <sec> the first non-russian for more than a century to take command of a major russian company .  icon explores the relationship between shoemaker and ballerina .  icon is guided through the new york city ballet by the company 's chief ballet maste .
 tours show tourists bangkok 's seedier side <sec> companies are filling tourist demand for `` safe '' tours of bangkok 's infamous nightlife shows .  `` hangover '' tour visits bars featured in the `` hangover part ii '' .  `` you go into these bars and it 's incredible what you see , '' say visiting british family .  critics decry exploitation of sex industry workers and other social maladies surrounding bangkok nightlif .
 chavez supporters take loyalty oath as president misses inauguration <sec> venezuela 's vice president asks throngs of chavez supporters to take a loyalty oath .  `` i swear ... to defend the presidency of comandante chavez , '' they say .  rally comes as authorities reassure residents that chavez 's government continues .  chavez is undergoing cancer treatment in cuba and battling complication .
 bob and weave : sen. lindsey graham maneuvers around pushback <sec> sen. lindsey graham has carefully evaded conservative attacks , political analysts say .  his alliances with tea party lawmakers , large war chest contributed to his primary victory .  graham is a quick study who has learned how to shift stances and views depending on political headwind .
 nicaragua breaks diplomatic relations with colombia <sec> new : president daniel ortega said move `` in solidarity '' with ecuador .  on saturday , colombia 's military attacked a rebel camp in ecuador .  u.s. official : small chance colombia , venezuela , ecuador will figh .
 is greece finally on the mend after economic crisis ? <sec> over a quarter of the greek population are without jobs and youth unemployment is at 55 % , the highest in europe .  since 2010 greece has received 240 billion euros [ $ 320 billion ] from creditors to prevent a sovereign default .  the european commission expects greece to emerge from recession next year and robust 2.9 % growth in 201 .
 after peter kassig 's death , more isis videos expected <sec> analysts say the latest video is aimed partly at local residents .  some say the video suggests isis is feeling the sting of u.s. and coalition airstrikes .  marks : the video 's release was timed to counter coalition claims that it 's make strides against isi .
 leave no woman behind : why we fought for reproductive health bill <sec> philippines leader signs divisive reproductive health bill .  will open the door for free contraceptives and government-funded sex education .  catholic church says it will destroy marriage and morality in the philippines .  defensor santiago : not having a reproductive health law is cruelty to the poo .
 us airways passenger tests negative for tuberculosis <sec> new : passenger pulled from us airways flight 2846 has tested negative for tb .  health officials are not recommending other passengers seek medical care .  man was removed in phoenix after cdc added him to do not board lis .
 singapore in haze over worsening smog <sec> singapore 's pollution index hits record high as smoke lingers over city state .  reading hits 401 , while anything above 300 is considered `` hazardous '' .  the smoke , caused by seasonal burn off in sumatra , is straining political relations .  singapore pm says it could last for weeks , if not month .
 7 stunning u.s. spots for wildlife <sec> an annual rite of spring is hiking the gaylor lakes trail at yosemite national park .  mount washburn is the best trail in yellowstone in terms of bang for wildlife buck , naturalist says .  children can search the beaches of cape cod for prehistoric horseshoe crab .
 internet giants pledge action to curb child pornography online <sec> uk government summons internet giants to talks on tackling child sexual exploitation online .  firms sign up to a `` zero tolerance '' approach to images of child sexual abuse .  watchdog body is given new powers to seek out and block illegal images .  british prime minister david cameron says he is personally committed to the battl .
 making no-cash deals with neighbors <sec> making no-cash deals with neighbors can help in down economy .  atlanta group meets to offer and announce goods or services needed .  youmes see bartering as a way to save money , get better quality of life .  other people join barter groups where they may get credits to trad .
 lifetime friendship is medicine for the soul <sec> experts say close friendships are good for maintaining routines and physical health .  a group of mississippi women who call themselves m.e.n.s.a . .  have stayed close for decades .  they see one another through life 's trials and tribulations and serve as a sounding board .  margaret collins jenkins , one of the pals , says staying close is n't easy but it 's worthwhil .
 lz : how mozilla botched ceo 's ouster <sec> lz : mozilla ceo resigned after firestorm over 2008 donation to anti-same-sex marriage prop 8 .  he says this is less a free speech issue than a poor move in the first place by mozilla board .  far more in u.s. , particularly millennials ( mozilla 's consumers ) are pro-gay marriage than in 2008 .  lz : mozilla should have planned how it would handle the inevitable backlash over eic .
 dog tattoos cruel or prudent ? <sec> north carolina man put intricate tattoos on his two dogs .  man says tattoos are for identification purposes .  critics say tattoos went too far and are cruel to animals .  tattoos are accepted form of animal i .
 anti-drone activist goes missing in pakistan <sec> pakistani anti-drone campaigner seized from his home , lawyer says .  kareem khan 's brother and son were killed in drone strike .  khan was due to travel this week to speak to european parliamentarian .
 'soul is the ultimate g-spot for happiness ' <sec> author says ancient greek philosopher aristotle 's advice for dating still relevant . .  `` soul is the ultimate g-spot for happiness , '' writer translates .  soul mate is someone who nurtures your soul , thereby promoting insight and growth .  pleasure , utility and shared virtue are 3 types of relationships that bring happines .
 families hold funerals as school resumes for some newtown students <sec> 6-year-olds jessica rekos and james mattioli are laid to rest .  school wo n't start for sandy hook children until january .  the nra says it is `` prepared to offer meaningful contributions '' .  investigators are so far unable to retrieve data from a computer taken from the gunman 's hom .
 obama urges quick return to civilian leadership in egypt <sec> new : obama orders review of law covering u.s. aid to egypt .  new : obama expects egyptian military to `` ensure the rights '' of citizens .  egyptian military suspended constitution and removed president mohamed morsy .  huge demonstrations preceded military 's decision to remove mors .
 police clash with protesters calling for dissolution of pakistan 's government <sec> new : supporters of tahir ul qadri wait for him to announce his next move .  reports : police briefly fire shots in the air and tear gas at the crowd .  a rally of thousands of people on monday protested the current political system .  the demonstrators are led by qadri , a muslim cleric who recently returned to pakista .
 federer downs del potro in epic to reach world tour finals semis <sec> roger federer sets up showdown with rafa nadal following victory over argentine .  six-time winner of season-ending event recovers from a set down to win in three sets .  federer : `` it 's amazing i was able to pull it off because he got a great start in each of the sets '' .  novak djokovic maintains 100 % record with three-set win over richard gasque .
 hamas founder 's son : i spied for israel <sec> the son of a hamas leader says he spied for israel for 10 years .  mosab yousef told cnn he saved palestinian and israeli lives .  he said : i care about my people , my problem was their ideology .  israel has not commented in his stor .
 contractors blame government for obamacare website woes - cnnpolitics.com <sec> issa calls for sebelius to provide documents related to website problems .  federal official says time frame did n't allow for enough testing of healthcare.gov .  contractors cite insufficient testing , last-minute changes by government .  a problem with the entry portal clogged up the system when it opened on october .
 why election day wo n't be postponed <sec> presidential election day is set by congress under its authority in the constitution .  election day can only be changed if a new federal law is passed .  but a state will probably be allowed to postpone voting only in disaster-affected areas .  statewide postponement of the presidential vote is an open legal questio .
 sergeant tracked 'kills ' with skull tattoos , military reports show <sec> staff sgt . .  calvin gibbs is one of five soldiers charged with killing afghan civilians .  a soldier in his platoon told investigators gibbs was `` pretty much evil incarnate '' .  the army is now looking into his role in the 2004 deaths of a family in ira .
 commentary : your never-ending workday <sec> bob greene : i once knew radio exec who started work at 2:30 a.m . .  he says americans now accept that they are always on call for work .  greene : in tough economy , workers are reluctant to draw boundarie .
 west must not give up on aids fight <sec> julio monanter : unaids announces hiv infections , aids deaths down from peak .  montaner : but these gains are threatened as west fails to meet funding obligations .  global fund to fight aids has deep shortfalls , he writes , is cutting new programs .  wealthy nations must renew pledges , he says , or many more will die , become infecte .
 cricket internationals moved from trouble-hit jamaica <sec> south africa 's planned matches in jamaica have been moved due to violence there .  tourists had been due to play a one-day match and a test at kingston 's sabina park .  west indies cricket officials move the matches to queen 's park oval in trinidad .  england reach 362-4 on the opening day of the first test against bangladesh at lord ' .
 'bridalplasty ' : double-edged sword for reality tv ? <sec> reality tv show will feature 12 brides-to-be competing for a different plastic surgeries .  the winner will receive her dream wedding and the rest of the procedures on her `` wish list '' .  `` bridalplasty '' is set to make its debut november 2 .
 did pope francis say animals go to heaven ? <sec> it was pope paul vi , not pope francis , who said animals can go to heaven .  it 's unclear where francis stands on the issue .  an italian newspaper says francis ' remarks suggest he agree .
 megayacht 's mission to uncover wwii battle cruiser 's final moments <sec> microsoft co-founder donates personal megayacht to retrieve bell of british cruiser .  hms hood was sunk during world war ii by german battleship , bismarck .  recovery team also hope to document wreck and determine why the ship san .
 yankees ' star japanese import masahiro tanaka : will his arm burn out ? <sec> yankees ' newest pitcher masahiro tanaka , 25 , is a star pitcher in japan .  u.s. baseball watchers are worried he has already overused his arm .  yankees managers say they are aware of concerns , but `` willing to take the risk .
 thai panel calls for overhaul of law forbidding royal insults <sec> the commission calls for less severe punishments for insulting the monarchy .  international organizations have criticized thailand 's lese-majeste law .  the commission is independent and does not have the power to change the law .  it addressed its letter to prime minister yingluck shinawatr .
 man charged with stalking halle berry <sec> new : richard anthony franco , 27 , enters a not guilty plea wednesday .  new : a restraining order bans franco from getting near berry .  franco carried `` a book with nonsensical ramblings '' written in it , berry says .  off-duty police arrested franco near berry 's home late monda .
 monty python returns , promising 'comedy , music , ancient sex ' <sec> fans eagerly awaiting return of monty python stars for first time in three decades .  money a factor in pythons ' decision to reform , according to terry jones .  john cleese says his ailing limbs unlikely to stand up to 'ministry of silly walks ' .  some of the material has never been performed on stage befor .
 dubai beach sex couple given three months in jail <sec> the two britons will be deported after they complete their sentence .  the pair were arrested at a dubai beach shortly after midnight on july 5 .  they were charged with with illicit relations , public indecency , public intoxication .  although a relatively moderate gulf state , dubai adheres to certain islamic rule .
 obama , biden head back to school to reach young voters <sec> obama will headline a rally in madison , wisconsin .  11 percent of those who cast ballots in 2008 were first-timers .  democrats face tough odds in wisconsin and pennsylvani .
 blast at nigerian soccer viewing center kills men , young boys <sec> new : up to 21 reported killed in yobe state ; blast blamed on explosives on rickshaw .  new : militants warned viewing centers not to open during the world cup , police official says .  new : `` this is boko haram 's area of operations , '' official says .  people were watching the brazil-mexico world cup match at the tim .
 mud wrestler grapples with olympic dream <sec> yogeshwar dutt is an indian wrestler who won bronze at the 2012 olympics .  the 32-year-old has also won two commonwealth games gold medals .  dutt began wrestling in traditional mud pits when he was eight .  graduated to mats in his teens ; his success has helped raise profile of wrestling in indi .
 highlights from katy perry 's super bowl halftime show <sec> social media delight in katy perry 's halftime show .  beach landscape draws comparisons to acid trip .
 five years after the quake : haiti at a crossroads <sec> marco gualazzini 's photos show haiti five years after a devastating earthquake .  his stunning images show protest , restoration , enduring scars and hope .  `` people are tired of this ever-increasing divide between rich and poor , '' he say .
 upgraded twitter search helps you find new people to follow <sec> twitter has updated its search tool to help users find people to follow .  when you search for a topic , you 'll get suggestions of people that tweet about that topic .  you can get further suggestions by clicking on the `` people '' ta .
 u.s. declines pakistani radical 's offer to help sandy victims <sec> new : united states declines offer of aid from hafiz mohammad saeed .  u.s. government had offered $ 10 million for information leading to his capture .  he is accused of involvement in the mumbai attacks in 2008 .  he denies the allegations and says the pakistani courts have cleared hi .
 how to raise a winning child <sec> po bronson and ashley merryman write about the science of child rearing .  their new book is about teaching your children to be competitive and successful .  one key to fostering success is to take children out of their comfort zone .  `` children have to get used to the frustration and jealousy that come from competition , '' says bronso .
 professor says he was fired , discriminated for being straight <sec> dr. csaba marosan taught natural sciences in upstate new york .  marosan says he was targeted for various forms of discrimination .  college denies the allegation .
 indiana lawmaker : girl scouts in league with planned parenthood <sec> indiana state rep. bob morris lobbies against honoring girl scouts .  gop lawmaker says the girl scouts are a tactical arm of planned parenthood .  girl scouts says morris is `` off the mark on his claims '' .  indiana 's house speaker hands out girl scout cookie .
 relentless rafa : nadal focuses on qatar title ahead of grand slam bid <sec> rafael nadal into semifinals of qatar open in doha .  beats ernests gulbis 7-5 6-4 in hard-fough last eight match .  spaniard has never won qatar title .  lleyton hewitt into last eight of brisbane internationa .
