 psv put 10 past once proud feyenoord in dutch league rout <sec> psv eindhoven rout fellow dutch giants 10-0 in league match .  jonathan reis hits a hat-trick as 10-man feyenoord crumble .  psv top the standings ahead of defending champions fc twent .
 kenyan government minister among 6 killed in helicopter crash <sec> george saitoti , a former vice president , served as the internal security minister .  the crash also killed his deputy , bodyguards and a pilot .  the accident took place in the ngong hills , on the outskirts of the kenyan capita .
 the dish on fish and mercury : how healthy is your catch ? <sec> we 're told to eat fish , but some varieties contain high levels of mercury .  the bigger and older the fish , the more mercury can accumulate .  mercury is released into air by industrial pollution : contaminates water and soil .  new rules near chesapeake bay limit emissions from coal-fired power plant .
 jerry lewis to sign off from muscular dystrophy association telethon <sec> jerry lewis has co-hosted the mda 's annual telethon since 1966 .  he rose to fame as a comic and movie star in the 1940s .  many now know him best as the face of the labor day telethon .  this year will be lewis ' last such event , though he 'll remain the charity 's national chairma .
 hambycast : rand paul 's campus challenge <sec> rand paul is visiting many college campuses to advance his libertarian agenda .  paul faces a challenge in wooing young people without alienating other republicans .  paul is a potential 2016 republican presidential contende .
 analysis : high hopes and high expectations abroad for obama <sec> analysis : many see obama as the epitome of the american dream .  analysis : global excitement over obama 's election is also about bush 's exit .  analysis : obama faces complex foreign policy issues when he takes office .  analysis : americans will expect obama to protect their interests first and foremos .
 naomi campbell , iman call for an end to runway racism <sec> naomi campbell , iman part of racial diversity initiative .  they are asking fashion councils to seek more diversity in models .  campbell says she sees less diversity since she began modeling in 198 .
 munch 's 'the scream ' to be auctioned <sec> this version of `` the scream '' was painted in 1895 by artist edvard munch .  it will be on display at sotheby 's starting april 27 .  the composition is expected to go up for sale on may 2 .  it could fetch tens of millions of dollar .
 can the digital revolution rescue greece from economic crisis ? <sec> keen : greece 's digital future is surprisingly encouraging .  greece is wracked by the most serious economic crisis for at least a century .  yet , amidst all the despair , there is a rebirth going on in greece .  the irony of this renaissance is that it probably would n't have happened without the crisi .
 israel , hamas agree to open-ended gaza truce with core issues left unresolved <sec> the united nations says root causes of the crisis must be addressed .  the conflict went on for 50 days , killing around 2,200 people .  israel says hamas finally accepted a plan it rejected earlier ; hamas declares victory .  deal includes easing blockade , extending fishing limit , egyptian official say .
 democrats ' favorite bogeymen fight back <sec> a debate over restrictions on campaign spending turns into a debate about the koch brothers .  billionaires charles and david koch have contributed millions to conservative causes .  a koch spokesman says they 're doing the same things that the opposition i .
 the darfur sartorialist : glorious colors in the desert <sec> pedro matos is the creator of the darfur sartorialist project .  the project showcases the colorful and fashionable way of dressing of people in darfur .  matos says his goal is to show this side of darfur story to the worl .
 health crisis adds to somalia 's woes <sec> one somalia hospital has treated more than 6,000 cases of cholera and diarrhea this year .  cnn video footage shows emaciated babies receiving fluids intravenously .  the world health organization is building up supplies and working on preventio .
 gulf war illness is real , new federal report says <sec> new : officer who investigated illness : `` this is real , and it has devastated families '' .  one in four gulf war veterans suffer from gulf war illness , report says .  pesticides , drug used to thwart effects of nerve gas called most likely to blame .  illness termed `` a real condition with real causes and serious consequences .
 sears tower now named willis tower <sec> chicago 's sears tower renamed willis tower after london insurance broker .  thousands join online group opposing building 's name change .  landmark opened in 1973 with original tenant sears roebuck & co .
 canada claims to have disrupted an isis terror cell <sec> three ottawa men have been charged with terrorism-related offenses .  one is arrested in canada ; the other two are believed to be fighting for isis in the middle eas .
 venezuela : will 'chavismo ' survive ? <sec> chavismo is the political movement that backed hugo chavez .  challenges arise for such movements when its titular leader is removed .  analysts predict chavez 's party will remain in power , but challenges will aris .
 national guard helps as ida 's remnants flood east coast counties <sec> strong winds and rain from the powerful storm have left thousands without power . .  flood advisories were in effect friday in pennsylvania , delaware and new jersey . .  national guard bureau : at least 160 troops were deployed to assist in high-water areas .  dominion power : by early afternoon , at least 155,000 in virginia had no electricit .
 baby watch , not just royal : facts about worldwide wee ones <sec> the royal couple are adding to a steady increase in babies born in the united kingdom .  unicef has estimated that at least 130 million infants are born each year .  jacob and sophia are the most popular u.s. names ; in england , harry and amelia are top .
 3 killed in medical helicopter crash in tennessee <sec> registered nurse , respiratory therapist , pilot killed .  helicopter was scheduled to pick up ailing boy , take him to children 's hospital .  the helicopter crashed about halfway between memphis and destination of bolivar .  it 's the second fatal crash since 2010 for hospital wing helicopter servic .
 gates donates $ 750 million to fight aids , tb and malaria <sec> new : the gates foundation has already contributed $ 650 million to the global fund .  gates announces a new donation of $ 750 million to fight aids , tuberculosis and malaria .  `` i ca n't think of more important work , '' the microsoft co-founder say .
 in egypt , revolutionaries left in the cold on a hot june day <sec> a court ruling dissolved parliament just ahead of the presidential runoff vote .  many egyptians see their revolution unraveling .  anger festers in those who perceive a `` soft coup '' by the military .  the streets were calm early friday , but cairo braces for mass protests at tahrir squar .
 stories of tragedy , survival surface as tennessee flood waters recede <sec> nineteen deaths reported across state ; at least 28 killed in southeast .  city government offices in nashville to reopen thursday , city bus service to be restored .  100 nashville firefighters , police officers go door-to-door checking on residents .  cumberland river still about 13 feet above flood stag .
 the rise of the black nerd in pop culture <sec> black nerds or 'blerds ' are increasingly visible in pop culture .  actors like donald glover , damon wayans and alphonso mcauley are playing nerds .  expert says `` it 's fashionable to wear bowties and be educated .
 arizona violating treaty ratified by u.s . <sec> chandra bhatnagar : experts say arizona law will lead to increased racial profiling .  law violates constitution as it makes any latino a potential criminal suspect , he says .  bhatnagar : it 's also a blatant violation of u.n. rights treaty , signed and ratified by the u.s . .  he says it 's time for u.s. to extend rights it expects from other nations to its own peopl .
 homeowners begin to return to fire-ravaged texas neighborhoods <sec> new : authorities look for missing monkeys possibly released during fire .  schools reopen in fire-charred texas counties .  more residents also allowed to return home in bastrop county , where 1,554 homes burned .  two people remain missing , sheriff terry pickering say .
 alleged loughner postings paint disturbing picture <sec> new : investigators are looking into the postings , according to a source .  some posts found on abovetopsecret.com are similar to loughner 's youtube postings .  the website posts were often ridiculed by other users .  among author 's assertions : people can make their own currenc .
 63 abducted women , girls escape from boko haram <sec> the women and girls escaped while militants left to launch an attack .  hundreds of girls abducted in april are still believed held hostage .  boko haram has recently increased abductions of females .  boko haram is trying to impose strict sharia law across nigeri .
 clashes reported as ukrainian forces tackle pro-russian separatists <sec> russia accuses kiev of waging war on its own people .  ukrainian forces clash with pro-russian militants in the flashpoint city of slovyansk .  ukraine 's interior ministry says four people were killed and nearly 30 injured in the city .  kiev says it launched a military campaign to dislodge pro-russian separatist .
 whodunnit ? sport 's greatest unsolved kidnapping 30 years on <sec> thirty years after `` world 's greatest '' race horse was stolen , his legend lives on .  shergar was kidnapped from northern irish stud farm , but was never found .  the £10 million stallion was owned by billionaire islamic leader aga khan .  irish republican army was widely accused of kidnapping but was never charge .
 friday in davos : how to inspire the future generations <sec> highlights include keynotes by uk pm davis cameron and brazil 's president dilma rousseff .  cnn 's fareed zakaria and john defterios lead discussions about the middle east and emerging market .
 volcano boarding in nicaragua <sec> tourist daredevils career down nicaragua 's cerro negro on thin boards at speeds up to 95 kph .  cerro negro is the world 's only `` volcano boarding '' venue .  various small companies lead volcano boarding excursions out of the city of leon .  the sport was invented in 2004 when daryn webb rode a small refrigerator down the hil .
 report : 7 dead in mine blast in southwest china <sec> a blast occurred early saturday at a coal mine in the guizhou province , state media reports .  50 miners were working at the time of the blast , state media reports .  the bodies of five miners were found near the blast site , xinhua reports .  two miners died later of their injuries , the news agenc .
 spain seal top spot in group b ; uruguay rout minnows tahiti <sec> world champions spain beat nigeria 3-0 .  top confederations cup group b with 100 percent record .  uruguay rout tahiti to confirm semifinal qualification .  abel hernandez scores four goals for copa america champion .
 'letters to jackie ' conveys u.s. heartbreak <sec> 1.5 million letters were sent to jacqueline kennedy after jfk 's assassination .  new book highlights 250 letters ; people 's grief transcended racial , economic , political lines .  boy , 8 , wrote : `` i am very sorry your husband got shot ... hard to forgive lee oswald .
 davis cup : roger federer 'hopeful ' over davis cup final <sec> roger federer faces fitness battle to be ready for davis cup final .  said he was n't `` match fit '' for final of world tour finals against novak djokovic .  federer had played for about three hours saturday in beating fellow swiss stan wawrinka .  davis cup final between switzerland and france starts friday in lill .
 idaho hometown of sgt . bowe bergdahl celebrates , prepares homecoming <sec> new : army sgt . .  bowe bergdahl 's parents appear at white house with president .  new : `` yes , it 's a good day , '' mother tells obama after exchanging a hug , a kiss .  new : father says his son 's recovery will be `` a considerable task for our family '' .  `` we 're all just waiting to get eyes on him : that 's going to be a topper , '' friend say .
 american tourist tried to ship infant body parts to the u.s. , thai police say <sec> dhl shipping office in bangkok called police when body parts found in boxes to be sent to u.s . .  packages included an infant skull , internal organs , preserved in formaldehyde , police say .  police have talked to american who packed the shipment , but he 's not charged with a crime .  infant body parts are used in some magic rituals in thailand and are sold on black marke .
 hundreds of migrant deaths : what is europe going to do ? <sec> two survivors were arrested on suspicion of human trafficking , police say .  european officials propose a 10-point plan meant to address the crisis .  a survivor tells authorities that migrants were trapped behind locked door .
 rossi steps up title bid with le mans pole <sec> valentino rossi on pole for the french motogp at le mans .  rossi edges yamaha teammate jorge lorenzo in final qualifying .  dani pedrosa third on the grid in his 150th motogp race .  lorenzo leads rossi by four points in the title race after two round .
 architects and torture : what color is your waterboard ? <sec> raphael sperry : aia declined specific prohibition on architects designing torture chambers .  he says group chose not to follow organizations like the ama in banning involvement .  professionals have responsibility to protect health , safety , welfare , sperry say .
 u.s. embassy pulls its personnel from afghan media center <sec> the u.s. embassy says it wants to ensure that resources are used efficiently .  the embassy did not detail why it was reassessing its relationship with the center .  report : embassy move linked to concerns over center 's politicizatio .
 u.s. couple guilty of bali suitcase murder <sec> heather mack jailed for 10 years over mother 's murder in bali .  boyfriend tommy schaefer sentenced to 18 years in prison for the attack .  mack gave birth to the couple 's daughter last mont .
 'star trek ' : why i teach it in my class ( opinion ) <sec> `` star trek '' actor leonard nimoy died friday at age 83 .  andy lau : nearly every episode had a moral lesson or dilemm .
 simple bridges radically improve kenyans ' way of life <sec> harmon parker is transforming kenyan communities by building footbridges over perilous rivers .  many people in rural kenya still fall victim to flash floods and predatory animals .  parker on his current bridge project : `` this is their golden gate .
 5-year-old 'karate kid ' earns black belt <sec> she 's an adorably cute 5-year-old girl from southern india , small and pretty .  she is as shy as most kids her own age especially when being interviewed .  to gain her black belt , varsha had to learn up to 15 katas .  varsha trains for at least two hours every day but has time for other game .
 how can a smart species be so dumb ? <sec> ted global speakers focus on ways to overcome faults in human nature , human systems .  laurie santos : humans make same mistakes on risk that monkeys do .  tim jackson : we spend money we do n't have on things we do n't need .  ethan zuckerman : make the web really worldwid .
 mtv emas : miley lights up on stage <sec> the 2013 mtv emas celebrated its 20th anniversary sunday .  miley cyrus , robin thicke and more performed .  during an acceptance speech , cyrus appeared to smoke a joint .  that part of the show was n't shown on mtv 's flagship channe .
 hezbollah leader : alliances with u.s. , israel have bitten arab regimes <sec> hassan nasrallah : arab regimes have lost the respect of their people .  hezbollah leader taunts egyptian government over support the organization has there .  hezbollah emerges as a power as process for forming new government unfolds .  anxiety , political division deepen ahead of anniversary of rafik hariri 's assassinatio .
 naacp l.a. chapter head resigns over donald sterling scandal <sec> former tenant of sterling 's likens him to `` a plantation owner '' .  publication : sterling on his purported girlfriend : `` i wish i had just paid her off '' .  the woman claims she was merely a platonic friend of sterling 's , attorney says .  l.a. naacp leader resigns due to `` negative exposure '' over plan to honor sterlin .
 chile quake hit poor communities hardest <sec> john rector says that unlike haiti , chile can rebuild on strong economy .  but existing problems of low-wage jobs , unemployment now made worse , he says .  incoming president must modify globalization goals , focus on social problems , he says .  rector : chile must provide social leadership , not just economi .
 green beret electrocuted in shower on iraq base <sec> at least 12 u.s. troops have been electrocuted in iraq from wiring problems .  ryan maseth , 24 , died january 2 while taking a shower on base .  `` i truly could n't believe he would be electrocuted , '' his mom says .  defense department inspector general , congress launch investigatio .
 by the numbers : federal debt , deficit and spending <sec> $ 15,873,767,378,850.16 - total outstanding public debt on july 30 , 2012 .  49 - states that require a balanced budget .  12 - consecutive u.s. budgets that have reflected a deficit .  11 - times the us congress has voted to raise the debt limit since 200 .
 suspect in jessica ridgeway death made girls in the area uneasy <sec> austin reed sigg was arrested tuesday night .  he is accused of killing 10-year-old jessica ridgeway .  police say he confessed and part of the girl 's body was found at his house .  he has his first court appearance on thurdsa .
 all that glitters : five iconic palme d'or winners <sec> `` le monde du silence '' becomes first ever documentary to win in 1956 .  in 1979 , coppola 's unfinished version of `` apocalypse now '' takes top prize .  jane campion is the only female director to win palme d'or , for `` the piano '' .  `` pulp fiction '' starts tarantino 's life-long love affair with cannes in 199 .
 gop 's problem with latinos -- as big as texas <sec> ted cruz , a conservative republican , is seeking a u.s. senate seat .  ruben navarrette says he was target of unfair ad saying he favors amnesty .  incident shows tension between those who welcome latinos , those who do n't , he says .  navarrette : gop must decide whether they see hispanics as a foil or as their futur .
 the masters : arnold palmer still magnetized by augusta 's 'mystique ' <sec> the masters has been biggest boost to golf in united states , says arnold palmer .  six decades on from first playing at augusta , 84-year-old is still in thrall to its `` mystique '' .  palmer is considered one of golf 's all-time greats , alongside jack nicklaus and gary player .  he won the masters four times , level with tiger woods and two behind nicklaus ' all-time recor .
 abortion support falls sharply , new research finds <sec> americans split 50-50 on whether women should have legal access to abortion .  findings mark a shift ; supporters of abortion rights have been majority for years .  subject comes up in health care debate , with questions over funding for abortions .  study found fewer people on both sides feel passionately about the issu .
 u.s. journalists head home from north korea <sec> laura ling , euna lee pardoned , leave country with bill clinton .  clinton negotiates pardon with leader kim jong il .  `` clinton expressed sincere words of apology , '' north korea says .  visit comes amid tension over north korea 's nuclear progra .
 mother of three loses 110 pounds <sec> alanna gerwitz-stern gained more than 100 pounds while pregnant .  after struggling for months , stern found way to lose baby weight in eight months .  stern got pregnant again with twins after reaching her goal .  core concepts ' mobile app allows her to stay fit as a working mo .
 'modern family ' hits season low : why are ratings slipping ? <sec> last night 's episode marks a season low for `` modern family '' .  earlier this season , abc 's `` modern family '' was the highest-rated comedy on tv .  cbs ' `` the big bang theory '' has been hitting recent season high .
 obama , ca n't you see black anger in ferguson ? ( opinion ) <sec> in brown shooting , obama preached calm . .  marc lamont hill would rather he 'd said nothing .  he says obama left out mention of race , a clear factor in police antagonism in ferguson .  he says extrajudicial killings of blacks undeniable ; obama comments left this out .  hill : obama chided protester , cops in same moral tone ; equivalence gave cops cove .
 female suicide bombers blamed in moscow subway attacks <sec> 38 people killed , 60 wounded , government ministry reports .  first blast occurred near kremlin and nation 's intelligence service .  world leaders offer condolences to russian people .  u.s. transit systems step up securit .
 syrian torture photos on display at united nations <sec> 35 photos of tortured bodies are on display at the united nations .  adviser to the coalition for a democratic syria says they show actions of president bashar al-assad 's regim .
