 stringer bell , luther , mandela ... the album ? <sec> actor idris elba releases his first album , `` mi mandela '' next week .  it describes the sensation of playing nelson mandela in film `` mandela : long walk to freedom '' .  elba plans to release other `` character albums '' for luther and stringer bell in the futur .
 beach house owner 'numb , confused ' after fire kills 7 students <sec> `` heartbroken '' house owner 's daughter among six survivors hospitalized .  one survivor jumped out of a third-story window into a canal to escape .  university of south carolina mourns deaths of six student .
 sochi 2014 : winter olympics lessons from lillehammer <sec> small norwegian town rose to sporting prominence at 1994 winter olympics .  investment in lillehammer has made it a post-olympic center of sporting excellence .  $ 1.2 billion of public money gave boost to town but did n't increase tourism as expected .  lillehammer set to host second winter youth olympics in 201 .
 surveillance program is now obama 's to own <sec> president obama has to decide what recommendations he will adopt from spy review .  the independent review of nsa practices included more than 40 recommendations .  the president was once a critic of nsa collection of electronic communications .  the changes obama adopts will impact his legacy and government snoopin .
 can apple help make hearing aids cool ? <sec> apple and danish company resound have teamed up on a new hearing aid .  the technology pairs with the latest iphone , ipad and ipod touch .  wearers can stream stereo audio from their mobile devices directly to their ears .  doctors and manufacturers hope apple 's integration will do away with hearing aid stigma .
 transocean executives donate safety bonuses to rig victims ' families <sec> transocean ltd. senior executives will donate safety bonuses .  executives get pay raises in part for the safety record , earlier sec filing says .  cash awards based in part on company safety record .  despite gulf explosion oil spill , company called 2010 `` best year in safety .
 holmes ' lawyers blast colorado 's insanity defense laws <sec> holmes is charged in a shooting rampage that left 12 people dead and scores injured .  shooting occurred last july in an aurora , colorado , movie theate .
 patek philippe gold watch sells for record $ 24.4m <sec> the henry graves supercomplication watch sold for $ 24.4 million .  it is the most expensive watch to sell at auction , smashing its own record of $ 11 million .  made by patek phillipe in 1933 , it 's most advanced timepiece made by hand .  the watch has 24 functions other than telling tim .
 ten-man inter oust holders barcelona to reach champions league final <sec> inter milan reach champions league final with 3-2 aggregate victory over barcelona .  italy 's inter reduced to 10 men after 28 minutes by the sending-off of thiago motta .  holders barcelona score late goal but can not find a winner at their nou camp stadium .  inter will play bayern munich in the final on may 22 in real madrid 's bernabeu stadiu .
 why ca n't you stop watching netflix ? <sec> netflix has plenty of buzz .  service picked up 31 emmy nominations .  netflix caters to instant-gratification consumerism .  can other media learn from netflix 's success .
 mohamed elbaradei : 'egypt will explode ' <sec> mohamed elbaradei says mubarak and suleiman are `` twins '' .  'egypt will explode . .  army must save the country now , ' elbaradei says .  crowds chant `` get out ! .  get out ! '' .  during mubarak speec .
 3,000 skeletons dug up at london burial site <sec> digging has begun at the bedlam burial ground in london .  taking its name from a hospital for the mentally ill , bedlam is now a synonym for chao .
 ruling could let model find , sue online heckler <sec> judge orders google to hand over blogger 's identifying information to woman .  blogger had anonymously slammed model liskula cohen .  judge : anonymous online taunters can be held accountable .  cohen 's legal team intends to sue the blogge .
 trader joe 's recalls products with cilantro <sec> product sold in california stores may be contaminated with salmonella .  other products sold nationally or in specific state .
 brazil to get nuclear sub technology from france <sec> conventional submarines , helicopters also included in defense deal .  brazil will also get night-vision technology to use in amazon region .  french president nicolas sarkozy in rio de janeiro to sign dea .
 ohio boy sells his toys to help his family <sec> zach mcguire of toledo , ohio , wants to help his out-of-work father .  the 11-year-old is selling his toys to bring a little money into the family .  `` you ca n't live in toys , or eat toys , '' says the altruistic boy .  he 's helped others before , raising money for hurricane and wildfire victim .
 uk raises terror threat level , citing risks out of syria , iraq <sec> ex-u.s. official notes isis has yet to attack outside the middle east .  uk terror threat hiked to second-highest level due to events in iraq , syria .  cameron : we ca n't ignore islamist extremists after james foley 's killing .  spokesman : u.s. has no plans now to raise its own terror threat leve .
 lleyton hewitt beats roger federer to end title drought <sec> lleyton hewitt wins his first title in four years by defeating roger federer .  hewitt became the first player to break federer in brisbane and triumphs in three sets .  federer 's record against his fellow 32-year-old and grand slam champion fell to 18-9 .  but there was a swiss winner in chennai courtesy of stanislas wawrink .
 wall street journal reporter david bird disappeared saturday <sec> reporter david bird left home for a walk on saturday , friends say .  the 55-year-old father of two has n't been seen since .  his credit card reportedly was used in mexic .
 blake shocks bolt in 100m dash at jamaican olympics trials <sec> yohan blake powers to victory in 9.75 secs at jamaica olympic trials .  2011 world champion relegates usain bolt to second place .  asafa powell claims third individual spot in london games in the 100m .  bolt and blake to clash again over 200m at the trial .
 at 54 , 'to kill a mockingbird ' is now an e-book <sec> `` to kill a mockingbird '' was published this week in 1960 and was immediately popular .  just this year , lee gave permission for `` mockingbird '' to be released as an e-book .  the e-book version of the classic was released this week .  the book explores racism in the south through the eyes of childre .
 go-kart crazy : where f1 dreams begin <sec> red bull 's f1 driver mark webber tells cnn of his love for go-karting .  the australian cut his teeth on karts at the start of his motorsport career .  webber says legendary brazilian driver ayrton senna was a huge fan of karting .  the 36-year-old says karting is a `` pure '' form of racing and is `` very , very raw .
 ben affleck runs from slave-owning ancestor ( opinion ) <sec> dorothy brown : ben affleck and henry louis gates scrubbed segment about affleck 's slave-owning ancestors from tv show .  she says they two missed a chance to discuss racial issues that still fester in this countr .
 5 things that could n't happen in 'gravity ' <sec> fans love `` gravity , '' but scientists have found some flaws in the film .  space walking is not as easy as the movie makes it look .  bullock 's character is very skillfu .
 rice : people will soon thank bush for what he 's done <sec> condoleezza rice says bush 's policies will `` stand the test of time '' .  rice says she 's not bothered by criticism ; says she 's `` here to make tough choices '' .  secretary of state says historians criticizing bush `` are n't very good historians '' .  rice says she plans to write a book about foreign polic .
 uae resumes anti-isis airstrikes <sec> official will tell congressional hearing that syrian foreign fighters have grown to 20,000 .  f-16s stationed in jordan conduct strikes against isis , the uae says .  kurds say they 've taken key bridgeheads near mosul , ira .
 syria pipeline attacked amid ongoing killing <sec> new : more than 30 killed tuesday , including 18 government troops , opposition says .  new : syria is breaking its deal with the arab league , washington says .  the arab league will consider its monitors ' report on saturday , an official says .  france 's juppe says he 's `` a little skeptical '' about the monitors ' acces .
 for kings of leon , drinking , brawling all part of the fun <sec> kings of leon sold 5 million copies worldwide of cd `` only by the night '' .  group of brothers and cousin started out playing in church .  now band is enjoying fruits of their labors , opening for u2 , bob dylan , pearl jam .  many stories of fights `` are n't true , '' one member say .
 'the maya rudolph show ' : what 's the verdict ? <sec> maya rudolph 's variety special aired on nbc monday .  it featured cameos from her former `` saturday night live '' co-stars .  the ratings were nothing to sneeze at .  but critical reaction has been more mixe .
 shooting survivor credits blood donors for helping save her life <sec> meredith forrester was critically injured in 1999 during atlanta 's deadliest mass shooting .  forrester received 115 pints of blood during two emergency surgeries .  there was a severe blood shortage just two days before the shooting .  forrester volunteers with the red cross to promote blood donation .
 how a 'scrawny asthmatic ' climbed the world 's mountains <sec> omar samra recovered from childhood asthma to become first egyptian to scale everest .  mountaineer missed uprising against hosni mubarak while climbing toward summit .  plans to scale the highest mountain on each of the seven continent .
 when talk of race goes behind closed doors <sec> sociologists find whites talk differently about african-americans in private .  `` the scale of this is gigantic , '' says joe feagin of texas a & m university .  feagin : senate majority harry reid 's comments not surprising , hopes nation will learn from it .  syracuse university associate prof says politicians should n't `` sweep this under the rug .
 car bomb kills 12 in mogadishu , somalia <sec> al-shabaab rebels claim responsibility for the attack .  a minivan packed with explosives hit a restaurant popular with security forces .  at least 10 people were injured .  last week , militants carried out a deadly attack on somalia 's presidential palac .
 maradona bitten on face by his own dog <sec> diego maradona has plastic surgery on his face after getting bitten by one of his dogs . .  maradona will be discharged on tuesday , hospital spokesperson tells cnn . .  maradona will lead argentina at the world cup finals in south africa in june .
 add variety of love to your life <sec> amy bloom describes the many looks that real love can have .  the ozzie and harriet model suits some families , but the anglerfish and tamarin way works too .  `` there is no kind of love and no kind of family we should ever turn our back on , '' bloom say .
 rooney heads winner for united in english league cup final <sec> james milner penalty gave aston villa the lead at wembley .  replacement michael owen leveled for united but then left pitch injured .  substitute rooney headed the winner 16 minutes from the end .  tottenham and liverpool win in english premier league in battle for fourth spo .
 u.s. expels three venezuelan diplomats <sec> the u.s. declares three venezuelan diplomats personae non gratae .  the expulsion comes a day after venezuela kicked out three u.s. diplomats .  venezuela 's president accused them of plotting to destabilize his government .  the state department denies the accusations , calls them counterproductiv .
 clinton chokes up , is applauded , at campaign stop <sec> clinton begins talking about how others have criticized her , gets emotional .  she was with mostly female voters in new hampshire on a campaign stop .  `` it 's not easy , '' she told them .  the new york senator is trailing sen. barack obama in poll .
 garrison keillor suffers minor stroke <sec> garrison keillor , 67 , was admitted to a hospital in rochester , minnesota , on sunday .  spokesman : `` he plans to resume a normal schedule next week '' .  keillor is expected to be released from the hospital on frida .
 korean tensions scare off u.s. golfers <sec> dustin johnson and zach johnson withdraw from golf tournament in south korea .  american golfers worried about recent tensions on the korean peninsula .  tournament sponsor insists that the event can safely go ahead this week .  ballantine 's championship is co-sanctioned by european and asian tour .
 earthquake in nepal leaves hundreds dead <sec> ngo official says people will urgently need food , water , medicine and shelter . .  more than 1,800 people across nepal confirmed dead , official says .  people treated outside hospitals ; avalanches reported on everes .
 south korea 's pm tours scene of deadly grate accident <sec> the official handled safety at a concert , where an accident killed 16 on friday .  a ventilation shaft gave way , dropping more than two dozen concert goers four stories .  the man was found dead on saturday .  he posted a message to facebook apologizing to the victims and his famil .
 political forum aims to stem n.ireland violence <sec> new : unionist leaders say a forum to discuss community concerns will meet thursday .  police and their vehicles are attacked in a 5th night of violence in east belfast .  the belfast city council meets for the first time since its controversial flag ruling .  authorities accuse a loyalist extremist group of ''orchestrating violence ' .
 indictment : militia planned to murder officer , attack funeral <sec> new : brother of suspect denies knowing of sibling 's involvement in plot to kill law officers .  hutaree web site : `` jesus wanted us to be ready to defend ourselves using the sword '' .  indictment : leader contacted someone he thought was bombmaker , requested four .  militia hoped attack would instigate wider uprising against government , authorities sa .
 your camping equipment 's history <sec> mechanical engineer tim leatherman invented leatherman multi-tool .  early batteries only powered the first flashlights briefly , hence the name `` flashlight '' .  17th century spanish and portuguese sailors used ship sails to make duffle bags .  air mattresses designed as alternatives to hair-filled mattresses on atlantic steamship .
 temple mount crisis fuels unrest in volatile jerusalem <sec> tension in jerusalem is perhaps at its greatest since the end of the last palestinian uprising .  regular outbreaks of stone-throwing by palestinian teenagers answered by tear gas , rubber bullets .  israel closed the temple mount , which includes al-aqsa mosque , after two shootings .  rabbi yehuda glick was shot and hospitalized in serious conditio .
 thai military summons more people , still holds former prime minister <sec> son of a former prime minister is released , a source close to his family says .  military chief dissolves senate .  military says it expects to see a change in politicians ' and activists ' attitudes .  source : ex-prime minister yingluck shinawatra at a military barracks outside bangko .
 report : china , vietnam agree on land border <sec> border dispute arose after a one-month war between china and vietnam in 1979 .  the settlement covered the entire shared land border .  both sides had posted troops along the border until a 1999 treaty .  a ceremony marking the deal and building of border markers will be held late .
 uk ready to send more troops to afghanistan <sec> britain is ready to increase troop numbers in afghanistan , army chief says .  richard dannatt told the times up to 2,000 more could be sent .  army waiting for formal request by u.s. government , he say .
 norwegians sentenced to death in congo <sec> two norwegian citizens sentenced to death in the democratic republic of congo .  a military court found pair guilty of espionage , murder and attempted murder .  the men have five days to appeal their sentenc .
 new uk passport suspects in dubai murder plot <sec> police say eight people entered dubai on uk passports to carry out killing .  a total of 18 people took part in assassination , police say .  dubai 's police chief says he is `` 99-percent '' certain israel involved in killin .
 get real , hagel tells nation in proposing military cuts <sec> new : gop sen. rubio questions defense budget strategy .  defense secretary hagel calls for shrinking the army to pre-world war ii levels .  the a-10 warthog fighter plane would be retired .  hagel says it 's time to shift to a smaller modern militar .
 suspicious package in new zealand has ebola reference <sec> police : package at parliament contains bottle with liquid , document referencing ebola .  the new zealand herald receives a package in auckland .  u.s. embassy in wellington gets a packag .
 new york 's gov . paterson declares h1n1 state of emergency <sec> gov . .  david paterson declared a state of emergency because of increase in h1n1 cases .  order allows dentists , pharmacists , podiatrists , midwives to give vaccines .  paterson said increasing those who can give vaccine would help state in emergency .  retired dentist : `` if there is a shortage and they need more hands , i can do my part .
 mom 'will not sleep ' until daughter 's killer found <sec> new : authorities remove `` evidence '' from landfill where girl 's body found .  somer thompson was in fight at school on day she disappeared , police say .  `` i hope they get you '' is grieving mother 's message to killer .  girl 's body found in landfill 55 miles north of town where she was last see .
 opinion : humanitarian crisis spilling from syria <sec> megan bradley met traumatized , fearful syrian refugees at a camp and hospital in jordan .  she says neighbor countries ' hugely generous to shelter them ; global community must help .  she says it 's crucial to keep borders open for fleeing syrians and to keep kids in school .  bradely : helping displaced still in syria very hard ; opposition needs help to provide social ai .
 newsquiz : week of january 21 <sec> use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student news .  write your answers in the space provided .  today 's newsquiz includes the media literacy question of the da .
 airport stakeout for snowden <sec> moscow 's international airport is hub of the hunt for snowden .  but he has not been seen for days .  cnn 's correspondent conscientiously checks the bar .
 air travel security under review , officials say <sec> new : screening procedures enhanced ; more marshals put aboard .  new : homeland security chief says terrorist lists to be reviewed .  janet napolitano says air marshals are assigned randomly .  current , former marshals take exception to napolitano 's claim .
 can romney get back on track ? <sec> larry sabato : the past few days have been tough for mitt romney 's campaign .  sabato : the smart money is betting on barack obama to capture a second term .  he says smart decisions and luck might be able to propel romney to an upset victory .  sabato : to win , romney and his team have to exceed expectations in many way .
 radical muslim cleric abu qatada appeals deportation to jordan <sec> abu qatada was convicted in absentia of terror-related charges in jordan .  british official says jordan will quash that conviction and retry him .  abu qatada is also accused of funding terrorist groups and inspiring a 9/11 hijacker .  he has said deportation would put him at risk of torture and lengthy pretrial detentio .
 photographers find beauty in 'states of decay ' <sec> abandoned churches , prisons , asylums are the stars of the photo book `` states of decay '' .  photographers daniel marbaix and daniel barter found their subjects in america 's rust belt .  a shared fascination with old buildings brought the photographers togethe .
 officials : obama shared info on iran nuke site with russia , china <sec> senior u.s. official : strategy is to build a coalition with russia and china .  iran admits to existence of second uranium enrichment plant , u.n. agency says .  officials : president obama recently shared sensitive intelligence with russia , china .  administration 's goal is to impose new sanctions on iran , officials sa .
 iran nuclear sanctions : why the world still does business with tehran <sec> khanna : there is a clear trend towards a break between commercial and nuclear diplomacy .  dynamic is reminiscent of when libya opened up to the rest of the world in 2003 , says khanna .  khanna : even a nuclear iran is one most of the world will do business wit .
