 eu health chief vows plan to restore confidence in wake of horse meat scandal <sec> new : eu 's tonio borg says the issue is about fraudulent labeling rather than safety .  european ministers hold talks on the issue of horse meat found in beef products .  eu health commissioner tonio borg following the situation `` very closely '' .  uk officials raided a slaughterhouse and meat company tuesda .
 alex ferguson thankful for 'most fantastic experience ' <sec> alex ferguson farewells manchester united fans with 2-1 home victory on sunday .  scot is retiring after more than 26 years in charge at the english soccer club .  his 1,500th and final match will be at west bromwich albion next weekend .  ferguson confirms that striker wayne rooney has asked to leave unite .
 how to give back on your next getaway <sec> children with life-threatening illnesses can get their wishes at orlando 's most famous parks .  the sierra club and other groups offer opportunities for families to do good and sweat .  trekking for kids requires participants to raise money for the orphanages they visit .  kids come to `` understand the world is not just about them , ' travel group leader say .
 police officer cleared in shooting death of ailing veteran in new york <sec> grand jury declines to indict police officer who fired fatal shots in november .  they responded when kenneth chamberlain 's medical alert device went off .  chamberlain 's family accused police of excessive force and racial profiling .  the white plains veteran , 68 , was black ; police said he displayed knives at his doo .
 chaos in southern ukraine : deadly fire , choppers down and street fighting <sec> video appears to show a deadly fire was started with molotov cocktails .  two helicopters have been downed , and a pilot is being held hostage , authorities say .  ukraine alleges separatists are using human shields .  at least 31 people are dead following a fire in odess .
 lance armstrong banned from world ironman events over doping probe <sec> usa triathlon says lance armstrong can still compete in its events .  the world triathlon corporation suspends armstrong ahead of ironman france .  the anti-doping agency says it `` only initiates matters supported by the evidence '' .  armstrong has been repeatedly accused of doping but never failed a drug tes .
 lawsuit : texas town stops minorities , seizes property <sec> lawsuit , filed in federal court , seeks class action status .  it alleges minorities are targeted for car stops in tenaha , texas .  assets seized , minorities threatened with prosecution , suit says .  officials in tenaha say route is favored by drug trafficker .
 what 's in a handshake ? in tennis , a lot <sec> handshakes in tennis captivate onlookers , especially when it 's a contentious one .  agnieszka radwanska famously snubbed sabine lisicki at wimbledon 2013 .  although most players shake hands , some wo n't do it and get booed .  the type of post-match handshake has changed over the year .
 opinion : why the fuss about gay marriage ? <sec> the uk this week took another landmark step towards granting full equality to gay people .  same-sex marriage is already legal in eight european countries .  campaigners warn that advancing gay marriage in the west risks distracting attention from more urgent rights issues .  opponents of same-sex marriage argue that the equality argument made by gay rights campaigners is a false on .
 cleric , considered hezbollah 's first spiritual leader , dies <sec> ayatollah fadlallah to be buried tuesday .  lebanese pm : fadlallah was `` a great national and spiritual scholar '' .  hezbollah : he was a `` prominent advocate of islamic unity '' .  he was closely associated with hezbollah when it formed almost 30 years ag .
 iran steps up production of high-grade enriched uranium , u.n. report says <sec> new : iran says allegations of nuclear activities at parchin military site are `` baseless '' .  iran 's facilities have produced 189.4 kilograms of the enriched uranium , the report says .  it says iran has re-landscaped a military base to make u.n. inspection more difficult .  u.n. demands immediate response , cites concerns over `` possible military dimensions .
 holiday shoppers share tips for buying american <sec> gift shopping is the perfect time to test how far you can go buying local , bloggers say .  mom : `` you have extra time to research , and ... flexibility in what you choose to buy '' .  kids can be hard to shop for because they often want electronics , licensed toys .  check labels at target , wal-mart for beauty products , paper goods made in u.s. , some sa .
 chris kyle , u.s. 's deadliest sniper , offered no regrets <sec> kyle was fatally shot at a texas gun range by a former marine saturday , police say .  `` i 'm a better husband and father than i was a killer , '' he told a time interviewer .  he wrote `` american sniper , '' which describes his time in iraq , where he killed 160 .  `` despite what your momma told you , violence does solve problems , '' kyle 's company motto say .
 blitzer in north korea : life in a tinderbox <sec> cnn 's wolf blitzer traveled with gov . .  bill richardson to communist north korea .  blitzer was worried war would break out while he was there and would be trapped .  blitzer says he was constantly watched , but his overseers were intelligent , polite .  no impression north korea on the verge of crumbling , blitzer sai .
 captain america replaced by black partner the falcon <sec> the new captain america will be sam wilson , the falcon .  the falcon has been friends with captain america for decades .  `` a very different person with a very different background , '' says marvel editor .  marvel also introduced a new thor this wee .
 102-year-old woman sees herself dance <sec> alice barker was a dancer in the 1930s and '40s .  thanks to filmmakers , barker -- now 102 -- finally saw herself danc .
 here 's where gop wants to hand obama more power - cnnpolitics.com <sec> republicans often criticize obama for overstepping his power .  but the gop says military power is different .  john mccain : `` the president of the united states is the commander in chief .
 want to be a national hero ? end robocalls <sec> bob greene : telemarketers , robocalls so irritating that ftc has offered cash for solution .  the ftc says it 's stemmed robocall scams , but robocalls still on rise , a scourge of home life .  last year , more than 3.8 million people filed formal complaints about them , says greene .  greene : if the president got calls from obnoxious telemarketers , maybe they 'd be ende .
 celebrities plead for brooke astor 's son to be spared prison term <sec> whoopi goldberg , al roker among those asking for a compassionate sentence .  tony marshall convicted of bilking mom brooke astor of money before her death .  marshall faces a minimum one to three years , or as much as eight to 25 years in state prison .  friends cite marshall 's age of 85 , deteriorating health , among reasons for light sentenc .
 earthquake shakes puerto rico , no injuries reported <sec> the quake hit about 15 miles south of san juan .  the island 's airport is fine , an official says .  there are no immediate reports of damag .
 former egyptian interior minister accused in mubarak trial <sec> new : the trial against ousted leader hosni mubarak is adjourned till sunday .  mubarak is charged with ordering the killing of protesters .  top officials are set to testify next week behind closed door .
 class of 2013 : the business winners and losers of the last 12 months <sec> 2013 has been a roller coaster year in business that has made and broken millionaires .  cnn taps the biggest winners , including nick d'aloisio , janet yellen and jeff bezos .  cnn counts thorsten heins and john boehner among the business loser .
 report on thai fishing finds 'slaves at sea ' <sec> report by ngo finds widespread abuse of migrant workers in thai fishing industry .  trafficked workers become victims of modern slavery on boats and in factories , according to ejf .  u.s. state department puts thailand on watch list for trafficking in persons .  abuses exacerbated by corruption and lack of enforcement of laws to protect workers , says rights grou .
 trade to highlight obama 's china visit <sec> in shanghai obama will hold town hall-style meeting with `` future chinese leaders '' .  obama 's half-brother mark obama ndesandjo lives in shenzhen , china .  obama is on eight-day trip through japan , singapore , china and south kore .
 canadian police prepare murder warrants against man sought in alberta shooting <sec> new : police are preparing murder warrants against travis brandon baumgartner , 21 .  new : security firm says he is an employee , as are the three dead and one wounded .  police release baumgartner 's photograph ; he was making a campus delivery .  the shooting occurred at the university of alberta in edmonto .
 uk drugs girls freed from ghana jail <sec> british teens jailed in ghana on drugs charges , due to fly home to uk thursday .  pair , both 16 at time of arrest last july , sentenced to nine months in prison .  uk legal aid group says girls had been targeted , were `` pawns in a larger operation .
 protesters , police clash in cairo <sec> demonstrators are upset with the government and the muslim brotherhood .  no immediate injuries have been reported .  the protests come on the anniversary of deadly clashes on mohamed mahmoud stree .
 haiti earthquake : news updates <sec> watch continuing earthquake coverage on cnn .  read twitter feeds to stay up to date on the latest in haiti .  read cnn.com 's complete special coverage of the latest developments in hait .
 pakistan agrees to re-engage with u.s. , sets conditions <sec> new : pakistan 's prime minister promises to follow the guidelines `` in letter and spirit '' .  new : washington says it looks forward to discussing the recomendations .  pakistan wants u.s. drone attacks and other covert operations on its soil to end .  relations hit a low after a nato airstrike in november killed 24 pakistani soldier .
 presidential candidate has relatives south of the border <sec> republican mitt romney has cousins in mexico .  they came from utah to settle in mexico in the late 1800s .  they are loyal both to their cousin and to mexic .
 qantas grounds fleet over labor dispute <sec> pm gillard : `` we need this dispute to be brought to an end '' .  australian pilots ' union says qantas 's move is `` a maniacal overreaction '' .  qantas boss says the unions ' `` extreme claim '' left the airline no choice .  travelers booked on qantas flights are advised not to go to the airpor .
 lambert , bryan win big at country music awards <sec> bryan beats taylor swift for entertainer of the year award .  `` this is the defining moment of my life , '' he says .  lambert takes home four awards , the most of the nigh .
 colombian named 'world 's shortest man ' <sec> edward nino hernandez stands just 70.21 centimeters ( 2 ft 3.46 in ) tall .  but a shorter nepalese teenager is set to claim title on october 14 .  title was previously held by chinese man he pingping who died in marc .
 reprieve for 'sorcerer ' sentenced to death by saudi court <sec> lawyer said lebanon 's justice minister confirmed ali hussain sibat was still alive .  sibat 's lawyer has also sent an official letter to saudi arabia 's king abdullah asking for pardon .  sibat used to offer predictions and advice to callers on a lebanese television network .  sibat arrested , tried and sentenced during pilgrimage to saudi arabi .
 cnn student news transcript : february 17 , 2010 <sec> take note of what could be a major blow to taliban militants .  unravel part of the mystery surrounding a legendary boy king .  lend your ear to a sound that blends classical and hip-hop .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 facebook 's mark zuckerberg is time 's person of the year <sec> the annual award is a staple of u.s. journalism .  others considered were julian assange , hamid karza .
 eriksson appointed ivory coast coach <sec> sven-goran eriksson is appointed coach of the ivory coast national team .  swede eriksson will lead the nation at the world cup finals in south africa .  eriksson led england to successive world cup quarterfinals in 2002 and 200 .
 u.s. anticipates al qaeda 'threats of retaliation ' <sec> israel increases security around u.s. facilities .  homeland security has no plans to raise threat level , secretary says .  washington metro transit system increases uniformed patrols as precaution .  u.s. facilities worldwide are on heightened alert , and are closed in pakista .
 cnn student news - october 10 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 a heart shattered by a glimpse into autism <sec> rob gorski is father to three sons with autism and blogs at `` lost and tired '' .  gorski encounters a homeless man brushing ice and snow off his windshield .  homeless man reminds gorksi of what could happen to his childre .
 madonna $ 75 million divorce deal 'agreed ' <sec> new : madonna agrees $ 75m settlement with guy ritchie , spokeswoman says .  couple was granted preliminary divorce decree in november .  after six weeks and a day the divorce will likely become final .  the couple are divorcing after eight years of marriag .
 what 's in eva longoria parker 's closet <sec> `` desperate housewives '' actress eva longoria parker gives peek into closet .  says she has christian louboutin espadrille wedges in every color . .  her most-expensive item is a hot-pink crocodile hermès birkin ba .
 sandy 's aftermath : 33 dead , millions without power <sec> `` it looks like a war zone , '' breezy point resident says .  `` this is the end of the downside , '' bloomberg tells new yorkers .  sandy 's u.s. toll rises to 33 ; nearly 6.9 million without power .  christie vows to rebuild jersey shore , but `` it wo n't be the same .
 former bartender turns wine into water <sec> doc hendley , a top 10 cnn hero in 2009 , has expanded his wine to water initiative .  his nonprofit has helped provide clean water to people in 15 countries , including syria .  worldwide , at least one in six people does not have access to clean water .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2013 cnn heroe .
 kids speak out on election in ireport videos <sec> ireports show how interested young americans are in the campaign .  ireports range from serious issues to silly spoofs .  does your kid have something to say about the election ? .  tell us at ireport.co .
 graffiti artists the new ad men ? <sec> santiago government and businesses are commissioning graffiti artists to decorate public spaces .  the previously underground art form is now embraced by the masses .  detractors see it as a commercialization of rebellion and self-expressio .
 rugby star tindall fined $ 40k and axed by england for night out <sec> mike tindall fined $ 40,000 and expelled from england 's elite rugby squad .  the husband of british queen 's granddaughter punished for drunken night out .  tindall said he would appeal the decisions .  two teammates given suspended fines after earlier incident at hotel during world cu .
 living , breathing man will remain dead in the eyes of ohio law <sec> donald miller testified monday that he disappeared in 1986 after losing his job .  he left behind his wife , kids and thousands of dollars in unpaid child support .  he was declared legally dead in 1994 ; he went to court seeking to overturn that ruling .  in ohio , a ruling of legal death can not be overturned after three year .
 closure of afghan supply base begins <sec> tajikistan , uzbekistan may allow u.s. military supplies heading to afhanistan .  kyrgyzstan president completes next step towards closure of u.s. base .  the u.s. says it 's still working with the country to keep the operation open .  the manas base is used to transport key supplies and troops into afghanista .
 florida woman in 'stand your ground ' case looks ahead <sec> marissa alexander served a total of three years behind bars ; she was released tuesday .  `` it was n't easy , but i 'm much stronger , and i am in a better place than i was , '' she tells cn .
 survivor says concordia captain made a 'tragic error ' <sec> manrico giampedroni was on concordia 's bridge when the ship ran aground .  he said he thought it was too close to shore , `` but the captain drives the ship '' .  giampedroni was the last survivor found aboard the stricken cruise line .
 hopes high for somalia 's new islamist president <sec> moderate islamist is new leader of war-torn somalia .  moderate leader has chance to form inclusive government , analyst says .  radical islamist group still controls parts of somalia .  with departure of ethiopian troops , radical islamists lose rallying cr .
 why oil drilling halt got thrown out <sec> federal judge issued injunction against government moratorium on oil drilling .  eric smith says government did n't properly consider safety records , economic impact .  he says judge noted that expert panel was n't consulted on moratorium .  smith : moratorium would effectively halt drilling for five years , not just six month .
 family fears chelsea king suspect involved in daughter 's disappearance <sec> authorities probe whether john albert gardner iii was involved in amber dubois ' disappearance .  gardner , a registered sex offender , has pleaded not guilty to killing chelsea king , 17 .  amber was last seen walking to school on february 13 , 2009 , a few miles from chelsea 's school .  chelsea also last seen at school ; her car was found in park last wee .
 attack on nato base in afghanistan fails <sec> 3 attackers failed to penetrate nato base in afghanistan , authorities say .  the incident occurred at camp phoenix in kabu .
 'never miss a super bowl club ' redefines fan dedication <sec> don crisman and three other men have never missed a super bowl .  when a reporter introduced the men to one another , the `` never miss a super bowl club '' began .  on sunday , they will attend their 45th super bow .
 police : woman tried to smother ex-boyfriend 's child <sec> new : boy to cnn affiliate : `` she tried to hurt him by hurting me '' .  police : the woman hid in the house for 10 hours before she attacked .  helen marie newsome , 26 , is charged with first-degree attempted murder .  police say she tried to beat up and smother her ex-boyfriend 's 8-year-old so .
 more hollywood films set for china <sec> u.s.-china film-related deal resolves 2009 wto ruling siding with united states .  biden : deal , struck during xi 's visit , would support `` thousands of american jobs '' .  `` chinese audiences will have access to more of the finest films , '' he adds .  dreamworks animation enters joint venture with chinese companie .
 10 of the world 's top airport lounges <sec> in the last decade , cities have built exceptionally designed airports .  the jfk clubhouse in new york , which features a spa , is a standout layover option .  the concorde room at heathrow is a soothing retreat .  qatar airways has hotel-style bedroom suites and child entertainmen .
 'i still want to play something impossible ' : afrobeat king tony allen <sec> legendary nigerian drummer tony allen has released an autobiography .  allen is famous for helping create afrobeat by fusing different beats and patterns .  described as the world 's greatest drummer , he worked for 15 years with fela kuti .  aged 73 , paris-based allen continues to make music to this da .
 china : wealth , lifestyle and culture <sec> exclusive footage of fendi 's fashion show on the great wall of china .  vogue china editor-in-chief , angelica cheung on chinese women 's style .  the entrepreneur spearheading beijing 's cultural reawakening , handel lee .  china 's self-proclaimed empress of contemporary art , pearl la .
 manny pacquiao 's promoter says fighter will be cleared of tax evasion <sec> filipino boxer pacquiao has had his assets in his homeland frozen .  philippines tax authorities are seeking proof he paid $ 50 million in taxes on u.s. earnings .  pacquiao 's promoter says he is seeking documentation from u.s. tax authorities .  the freeze has delayed the boxer from delivering promised typhoon relie .
 navy says radiation releases pose challenging environment <sec> second incident occurs where helicopter crew tests positive for low-level radiation .  `` this will continue to happen , '' spokesman says .  most u.s. navy vessels off japan involved in helicopter relief operation .
 royal baby announcement marks dramatic break with tradition <sec> palace forced to announce duchess of cambridge 's pregnancy after hospital trip .  unclear when senior members of royal family , including the queen , were told .  saunders : pregnancy could be one of most significant in the uk royal histor .
