 taliban attackers storm police office in afghan capital <sec> a suicide bomber detonates his explosives at the entrance gate .  other heavily armed attackers storm inside the building .  afghan security forces launch operation to kill the insurgents .  part of the building catches fire amid the violenc .
 prosecutors rebut jailed rfk assassin 's claims in freedom quest <sec> convicted assassin sirhan sirhan asserts a second gunman killed robert f. kennedy .  sirhan was hypno-programmed to fire a gun as a diversion , his attorney says .  california 's attorney general says a jury would have convicted him anyway .  the evidence against sirhan is `` overwhelming , '' prosecutor say .
 remember syria ? <sec> syrian military defector shows graphic images of detainees to u.s. congress .  opposition spokesman fears syrian killings are `` the new normal '' .  u.s. lawmakers say syrian people will not be forgotte .
 spike lee 's rant on ills of gentrification draws mixed reactions <sec> filmmaker spike lee riled about new york gentrification and hipsters .  his rant elicits mixed reactions in rapidly changing city .  brooklyn journalist writes that lee `` made epic contributions to the phenomenon he finds so troubling .
 gates praises obama 's call on bin laden raid <sec> gates says obama 's call was gutsy and courageous .  the defense secretary says he had `` real reservations '' about the intelligence .  gates says the united states is gaining the upper hand in afghanistan .  he lashes out at pentagon bureaucrac .
 ex-nfl star aaron hernandez indicted on murder , weapons charges <sec> former nfl player is charged with first-degree murder , weapons charges .  he 's charged in connection with the slaying of odin lloyd , 27 .  hernandez has pleaded not guilty to the charges .  the football star has been in police custody since he was arrested on june 2 .
 cnn student news - november 11 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 talk of 'cure ' at historic aids conference <sec> the 19th international aids conference is in washington this week .  this is the first time in 22 years that the conference has been in the united states .  global researchers are developing priorities for finding a cur .
 widow of entertainer sammy davis jr. dies <sec> altovise davis , 65 , died saturday at a los angeles hospital , her publicist says .  she had been admitted two days earlier after suffering a stroke .  davis , a dancer and actress , married sammy davis jr. in 197 .
 author drops cash from airplane to promote book <sec> indonesian businessman circles soccer field eight times , dumping bags of cash .  men snatch bills from youngsters ; one man stuffs blue cap with money .  businessman wanted to pull stunt over jakarta , but police feared chaos .  author once rode on horseback through jakarta , dressed as war her .
 aid workers , journalist killed in somalia blast <sec> journalist and two doctors were among those killed .  remote-controlled mine went off in southern somalia .  somali driver also died in the attack .  journalist is the second to die in conflict situation this yea .
 oklahoma stops execution after botching drug delivery ; inmate dies <sec> anti-death penalty advocate says the state government `` acted in sin '' .  witnesses say the inmate moved , seemingly tried to talk well after being given drugs .  the inmate , clayton lockett , later suffered what appeared to be a heart attack -- and died .  `` the doctor observed the line and determined that the line had blown , '' an official say .
 jolie : haitians 'finding ways to help themselves ' <sec> actress angelina jolie visits haiti as good will ambassador for u.n . .  jolie says earthquake devastation is like nothing she 's ever seen .  jolie says , `` we have a moral duty to do what we can for any country that 's suffering '' .  she says now is not the time to think of adopting haitian childre .
 carly rae jepsen 's 'call me maybe ' will be the song of the summer ... maybe <sec> one song will soon be blaring in the background , and that tune will be the song of the summer .  many sites will inform you that carly rae jepsen 's `` call me maybe '' is a shoe-in .  we 'll certainly concede that it was the song of the sprin .
 uk contractor gets life sentence in iraq , escaping hanging <sec> new : the judge is lenient because of the youth of the killer and the circumstances .  daniel fitzsimons , 30 , is the first westerner to be tried in iraq since the war began in 2003 .  fitzsimons admitted shooting two colleagues , paul mcguigan and darren hoare .  but he pleaded not guilty to murder , saying he shot the men in self-defens .
 is kaepernicking the new tebowing ? <sec> colin kaepernick flexes and kisses his bicep when he scores a touchdown .  the celebratory move of the san francisco 49ers quarterback is known as kaepernicking .  his bicep tattoos are bible verses ; he runs the 40-yard dash in about 4.5 seconds .  in fourth grade , kaepernick predicted he 'd be a quarterback for the 49ers or packer .
 will ferrell : a serious note <sec> ferrell 's college friend craig pollard started cancer for college after twice battling cancer himself .  'cancer for college ' provides scholarships to current and former cancer patients whose medical bills left little for college .  ferrell played doubles with tennis stars novak djokovic and stand wawrinka , as well as actor kevin spacey , to raise money for the caus .
 director pleads guilty in georgia train death <sec> ntsb found probable cause of train accident was trespassing .  sarah elizabeth jones was killed when a train hit movie crew members last year .  director randall miller has pleaded guilty to involuntary manslaughter and criminal trespass .  railroad company denied permission to film on bridge , savannah morning news report .
 why are millions of americans locked up ? <sec> bryan stevenson : the number of americans in prisons has grown tremendously .  he says mass incarceration is an injustice that stains america .  stevenson says justice system incarcerates minor criminals , locks up children for life .  he says america will be judged for its compassion for poor and condemne .
 anti-u.s. billboards ordered taken down in tehran <sec> billboards with anti-u.s. slogans are collected in iranian capital , state news reports .  those who put them did n't have permission from tehran authorities , spokesman says .  this comes amid a thaw in u.s.-iran relations , though tension and differences remai .
 prosecutor : ceo arrested , charged in south korea ferry disaster <sec> kim han-sik is chief executive officer of cheonghaejin marine company .  among other allegations , he faces a count of violating the ship safety act .  charges against kim are related to claims the ferry carried excessive cargo .  investigators say the cargo was partially responsible for the sinkin .
 worker dies in tuna plant oven <sec> new : jose melena 's job was to push baskets of canned tuna into a pressure cooker .  melena was a 6-year veteran of the santa fe springs plant .  california 's state worker safety agency is investigating the fatalit .
 naacp urges cell phone use to fight police brutality <sec> naacp unveils new program to allow people to report alleged police misconduct .  texts , e-mails can also be sent to document alleged police misdeeds .  unarmed california man 's shooting captured on phone garnered national attentio .
 cnn student news transcript - october 26 , 2012 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 first dog bo meets white house press corps <sec> portuguese water dog cavorts on south lawn with obama family .  6-month-old pup fulfills president 's campaign promise to daughters .  puppy is gift to obama girls from sen. ted kennedy , who owns several of the dog .
 stricken soccer star muamba showing signs of improvement <sec> soccer star fabrice muamba showing signs of improvement after cardiac arrest .  bolton player collapsed during a match against tottenham on saturday evening .  muamba able to breathe without ventilator and respond appropriately to questions .  hospital treating the 23-year-old say long-term prognosis will remain unclear for some tim .
 europe 's largest shopping mall gets olympics boost <sec> westfield 's stratford center opened in september last year .  the company has total assets under management of $ 57 billion .  it has 110 shopping centers around the world and employs over 4,000 people .  westfield was founded in 1960 in australia by wwii refugee frank low .
 protester jailed , denies he 's a terrorist <sec> james ian tyson was jailed before the convention on a revoked license charge .  tyson is reportedly on the government 's terrorist watch list .  tyson says he 's an activist with a `` veggie farm '' .  his attorney says police profiled tyson , an environmental activis .
 the mentally ill -- jailed and desperate for help <sec> mentally ill inmates in miami are housed on the `` forgotten floor '' .  judge steven leifman says most are there as a result of `` avoidable felonies '' .  while cnn tours facility , patient shouts : `` i am the son of the president '' .  leifman says the system is unjust and he 's fighting for chang .
 2 swedish journalists face terrorism charges in ethiopia <sec> ethiopian troops arrested johan persson and martin schibbye in july .  rights group say the two were embedded with the rebels while working on a story in ogaden .  ogaden is along the nation 's border with somali .
 wonder promotes message of peace <sec> stevie wonder talks to cnn about his new u.n. role .  the multi award-winning grammy artist is a new messenger of peace .  wonder will fight for the rights of 650 million disabled people worldwid .
 kenyan student rescued after two days in closet <sec> bodies of suspected gunmen paraded in front of crowd in garissa .  kenya 's president slams those who finance and support groups like al-shabaab .  al-shabaab threatens `` another bloodbath '' in keny .
 romney throws his economic plan overboard <sec> david frum : mitt romney 's friday speech flies in face of his economic plan .  romney 's promise of more tax cuts could tie his hands if he is elected president .  frum : if medicare , social security changes ruled out until 2022 , budget deficits will grow .  he says romney 's new idea will hurt the young and those hit hard by the recessio .
 the smart way to bluff through march madness <sec> ncaa basketball tournament begins thursday , as does workplace obsession .  among tips for the clueless who want to take part in chatter , use terms shared by experts .  `` buzzer beater , '' `` cinderella , '' `` ball movement , '' `` press '' are good gems to conside .
 parliament calls for arrest of moussavi , two other opposition leaders <sec> new : iran 's parliament calls on authorities to arrest three key opposition leaders .  new : mir hussein moussavi , mehdi karoubi and fa'ezeh hashemi named .  massive pro-government rallies were held in tehran and other cities wednesday .  rallies were in response to sunday 's violent protests , which fell on shiite holy da .
 'full house ' star says she 's 'submissive ' to her husband <sec> candace cameron bure has written a new book .  she says she loves `` that my man is a leader '' .  the actress says she and her husband are equal , but differen .
 opinion : john mccain faces revenge of the 'wacko birds ' <sec> arizona gop censured john mccain for being insufficiently conservative .  ruben navarrette says mccain has been admirable when he 's been a maverick .  his willingness to challenge orthodoxy is refreshing , navarrette says .  navarrette : but when mccain faced right-wing challenger , he adopted wild stand .
 lauren bacall 's intimate art collection up for auction <sec> a collection of 750 items belonging to legendary actress lauren bacall has been auctioned off at bonhams in new york .  highlights from the lot , which fetched $ 3.6 million , include bronze sculptures , jewelry , and a number of decorative arts and painting .
 mccain campaign manager : gop should back same-sex marriage <sec> steve schmidt served as sen. mccain 's presidential campaign manager .  schmidt spoke to log cabin republicans on friday .  conservatives should embrace same-sex marriage , schmidt told the group .  the party , he argued , will grow by accepting gay right .
 goldieblox ad and toys encourage engineering among girls <sec> ad encourages girls to `` disrupt the pink aisle '' with construction toys .  goldiebox says it creates toys for girls who want to build and create things .  the ad is competing to appear during the super bow .
 raging wildfire in michigan 's upper peninsula destroys 97 structures <sec> the duck lake fire is raging in michigan 's upper peninsula .  it has destroyed 34 homes , a hotel , a store and other structures , the state says .  the blaze has burned over 22,000 acres since starting last wee .
 redskins lineman haynesworth charged with assault <sec> haynesworth allegedly punched a fellow motorist last week .  he must appear in court march 31 .  the alleged incident happened in fairfax county , virgini .
 national archives gets historic alexander hamilton 'liquor ' letter <sec> document chronicles the federal government 's earliest efforts to regulate alcohol .  item is guide for customs agents to determine the alcohol content of imported spirits .  document will become part of the national archives ' permanent holding .
 ex-inmate recalls days of abuse at abu ghraib <sec> man says he was held naked in abu ghraib prison during 2003 abuse of inmates .  he says he saw guards stack naked prisoners in a pile and take photos .  the man also says he was held in an iraqi jail where he was beaten , tortured .  he has never been charged with a crim .
 pakistan launches military offensive in tribal region <sec> new : the offensive is targeting militants in kurram , a military spokesman says .  new : jets are `` softening '' targets to open the way for ground troops , official says .  thousands of troops are taking part , officials say .  kurram is one of seven districts bordering afghanista .
 slow change frustrated young obama , friends say <sec> presidential candidate worked as community organizer in chicago in 1985 .  college friend : `` with barack , people really did take him seriously '' .  victories included ridding park of drugs , creating job center , school progra .
 obama 's 'life of julia ' is the wrong vision for america <sec> president obama 's campaign launches a fictional storybook ad called `` the life of julia '' .  william bennett : buried within the ad is the ideological vision of modern liberalism .  he says the story of julia represents obama 's view of the state 's role in an individual 's life .  bennett : conservatives must be able to craft an alternative visio .
 opinion : pope francis must finally root out child abuse <sec> mary dispenza : finally , the u.n. condemned the vatican for its negligence in priest abuse cases .  dispenza was raped by a priest when she was a young girl and it shadowed her life .  she says abuse is still secret and the church still protects priests , holds back evidence .  dispenza : pope must take strong action to stop clergy abuse of children and coveru .
 stressed soldiers sue for disability benefits <sec> soldiers : army denied them disability rating , so they were denied benefits .  lawsuit filed by veterans advocacy group on behalf of vets with ptsd .  in october , army ordered all future ptsd sufferers to be eligible for benefits .  soldiers want eligibility to go back six year .
 isis sets new prisoner handover deadline , post claims <sec> a message sets sunset on thursday as a new prisoner handover deadline .  japan 's prime minister says his government is analyzing the purported isis post .  jordan 's government says it 's willing to make a prisoner swap with isi .
 somalia confirmed as piracy capital <sec> somalia , gulf of aden confirmed as worst area for piracy in 2008 .  42 of 49 hijackings in 2008 were in the region , says piracy reporting center .  prc says international navies are the only ones capable of effective respons .
 'young stevie wonder ' steals spotlight from susan boyle <sec> 12-year-old welsh boy shines on `` britain 's got talent '' with motown voice .  shaheen jafargholi earned standing ovation from judge simon cowell .  cowell had earlier halted jafargholi 's audition and got him to change songs .  show has become a global hit following susan boyle 's performance last wee .
 white house lifts ban on military suicide condolences <sec> decision will help end `` stigma '' of wars ' mental health toll , says senator .  senators , family of a deceased soldier had asked president to reverse the policy .  army report showed a steady rise in 2004-2009 army and marine suicide rate .
 russia blasts new sanctions as 'confrontational ' <sec> russia 's foreign ministry accuses the u.s. of again escalating the crisis in ukraine .  this comes after new sanctions were levied against russia for its actions in ukraine .  russia 's ministry says it wo n't act to suit u.s. interests ; urges mutual respect .  the u.s. accuses russia of aiding rebels in eastern ukraine ; moscow denies thi .
 clark : getting 'shot down in plane ' does n't make mccain qualified <sec> retired u.s. gen. wesley clark questions john mccain 's executive experience .  in `` face the nation '' interview , clark says mccain has n't `` ordered the bombs to fall '' .  mccain campaign calls for barack obama to condemn the comment .
 high court lets controversial criminal dna collection law stay in place for now <sec> maryland 's law allows police to collect genetic material from those arrested .  a lower-court ruling favoring a criminal defendant is put on hold .  chief justice roberts says there is a `` fair prospect '' the high court will uphold the la .
 soap features daytime tv 's first lesbian wedding <sec> `` all my children '' episode features characters who take part in a lesbian wedding .  ceremony features both women wearing designer dresses and holding red roses .  gay and lesbian groups hail the televised wedding as a victory .  at least one religious group expresses its disapproval of the nuptial .
 who is italy 's 'super mario ' monti ? <sec> mario monti has been nominated to succeed silvio berlusconi as prime minister .  he recently was made a `` senator for life '' by italy 's president .  monti was a european commissioner , part of rulings challenging microsoft and ge .  he has advised governments , founded a think tank and now leads an italian universit .
 harvard college dean steps down after e-mail scandal <sec> evelynn m. hammonds will step down as harvard college dean on july 1 .  she was the first african-american dean and first woman dean there .  hammonds was criticized after she conducted a secret search of faculty e-mails .  she was trying to find out who leaked information in a student cheating scanda .
 first 2012 olympics contests kick off <sec> the opening ceremony is friday , but the first games are played wednesday .  soccer is the first event , with british , american and other women in action .  forecasters say the weather should improve after a rain-soaked summer so far .  security issues have overshadowed preparations but authorities say safety will not be affecte .
 new york 's brash former mayor , ed koch , dies at 88 <sec> there will be a funeral monday for ed koch .  koch served as new york city mayor for three terms .  he died friday morning of congestive heart failure .  his personality made him popular nationwid .
 halle berry , fiance expecting child <sec> berry is engaged to french actor olivier martinez .  she has a child from an earlier relationship with gabriel aubry .  berry and aubry had battled over custody of their daughte .
 batman meets iron man in this high-tech armor <sec> unified weapons master has developed a high-tech suit of armor .  australian company says it 's for weapons-based martial arts .  52 impact sensors send signals via bluetooth or wi-fi .  company hopes to host a tournament by early next yea .
 boston bomb suspect dzhokhar tsarnaev can see autopsy photos <sec> prosecutors ask to keep dzhokhar tsarnaev from viewing autopsy photos .  letting the bomb suspect see them would cause `` needless harm and suffering , '' they argue .  defense lawyers call those restrictions unwarranted , and a judge agree .
