 review : 'dawn of the planet of the apes ' <sec> `` dawn of the planet of the apes '' features scenes that stick with you .  andy serkis ' caesar is his most soulful motion-capture creation yet .  the human characters are n't as well-draw .
 juventus stay six points clear after holding rivals napoli <sec> juventus hold napoli to a 1-1 draw at stadio san paolo .  draw leaves juventus six points clear of their rivals at the top of serie a .  giorgio chiellini put juve ahead in the 10th minute .  juventus team coach pelted with missiles on the way to the groun .
 indiana town working day and night for michael jackson museum <sec> joe jackson and gary , indiana , mayor pushing for jackson tourist site .  idea calls for museum and performing arts center .  michael jackson and siblings were born in gary , moved to los angele .
 the new joker is here , bringing the memes <sec> leto will play the clown prince of crime in 2016 's `` suicide squad '' .  the first picture of leto in character led to a series of spoof photo .
 school 's out : chinese graduates fight to be heard <sec> some young students in china are using their graduation photos to project their individuality .  posted on social media , photos show students with provocative signs or running naked through their campus .  critics say they excessively pursue unconventional and new things in order to be different .  but others say this is a result of students starting to enjoy the same personal freedoms as their peers abroa .
 alabama barge fire out ; workers hospitalized <sec> new : the mobile river barge fires are out , the u.s. coast guard says .  a spark ignited natural gas vapors , a coast guard official tells cnn affiliate wala .  three injured workers are in critical condition with severe burns , a hospital says .  the explosion happened near where the stricken carnival triumph is being repaire .
 jennie finch on motherhood , marathons and being 'a machine ' <sec> jennie finch is an olympic softball player and one of the sport 's greatest pitchers .  her dad told her , `` god gave you this gift , and it 's your responsibility to carry it out '' .  four months after giving birth , finch ran the new york city maratho .
 how steve jobs ' pixar experience helped lead to apple 's icloud <sec> apple is the first big tech company to secure cloud music storage deals .  the record companies may have taken a bet on apple because of their history together .  steve jobs said technology companies do n't see eye to eye with entertainment exec .
 tom hanks has type 2 diabetes <sec> the actor told david letterman he has type 2 diabetes .  tom hanks ' weight has fluctuated over the years with roles .  hanks said the condition is controllabl .
 up close in the brutal world of a female fight club <sec> katarzyna mazur spent months photographing a female fight club in berlin .  `` i enjoy exploring new worlds , especially a world which exists in a gray area , '' mazur sai .
 explosions rock baghdad , killing dozens <sec> at least 31 are killed in iraq 's capital .  the blasts follow a month that had a record low number of violent death .
 north korea reopens border to south koreans <sec> new : north korea fully reopens its border to south koreans without explanation .  pyongyang closed border march 9 because of u.s.-s. korea military exercises .  border partly opened monday , allowing 300 south koreans allowed to go home .  stranded s. koreans mostly work at joint industrial complex in border town kaeson .
 'fiscal cliff ' talks stall in final hours <sec> new : mcconnell and biden are main negotiators now , sources on both sides say .  `` there 's still significant distance between the two sides , '' reid says .  obama calls on gop to cut a deal on taxes ; republicans argue obama is overspendin .
 90 killed in punishing air raids in syria 's aleppo <sec> barrel bombs rained down on rebel stronghold on saturday - opposition group .  such bombs can level entire buildings with one hit .  `` the situation is very urgent , '' field hospital medic says .  bombs come after first round of geneva talk .
 military takeover of lethal drone operations under consideration <sec> moving drone operations to the military from the cia is under discussion , u.s. officials say .  change is being considered `` due to a desire for greater transparency , '' official says .  `` the cia should not be doing traditional military activities and operations , '' director has sai .
 kidnappers release afghan election workers <sec> afghan election campaign workers released after 24 hour kidnap .  the group of five were working for presidential candidate dr. abdullah abdullah .  abdullah seeking to unseat incumbent president hamid karzai on august 2 .
 colorado theater shooting suspect makes first court appearance <sec> `` he just looks like a pathetic freak , '' shooting survivor says .  authorities say james e. holmes planned the attack for months .  a public defender has been assigned to represent him .  fifteen people remain hospitalized , five in critical conditio .
 utah to allow firing squads for executions <sec> firing squads will be allowed in utah if drugs for lethal injection ca n't be obtained .  lethan injection remains the primary method for executions in the stat .
 fishermen use hook to help save man <sec> fishermen notice older man who fell from brooklyn pier .  they use gaff 's hook to hold him up until others assist .  firefighters , police revive man , now hospitalize .
 augusta national a powerful holdout among men-only clubs <sec> heated debate : should augusta national extend membership to ibm chief ? .  longtime men-only clubs and organizations are gradually opening doors to women .  power brokers meet at men-only social and sports clubs like augusta national .  president of now : `` million-dollar deals are not going down at curves .
 gas attack alleged in syria ; 21 die in shelling <sec> at least 21 die in shelling at a pro-assad campaign tent , opposition says .  opposition forces say syrian military uses toxic gas .  cnn ca n't independently confirm authenticity of videos purportedly showing gas attack .  u.s. secretary-general calls for end to violenc .
 taliban link afghan attack to quran burning <sec> a suicide bomber blew himself up at a checkpoint to bagram airfield .  the taliban says 12 u.s. soldiers and nine afghans were killed .  an isaf spokesman , however , says initial reports suggest no isaf casualties .  the quran burning has sparked violence and protest across the countr .
 fiancee of man shot more than 50 times sues nypd <sec> police shot and killed sean bell outside strip club in november .  shooting occurred early on morning of bell 's planned wedding to nicole paultre .  three officers face criminal charges in wake of incident .  two of bell 's friends were wounde .
 opinion : what kim kardashian reveals to the world <sec> dawn mackeen : 2015 marks 100th anniversary of slaughter of armenians by ottoman empire . .  kim kardashian has used fame to spotlight this .  she says armenian community has long sought global recognition of the atrocity , but it took a kardashian to catapult it into the new .
 u.s coast guard sinks japanese fishing trawler near alaska <sec> new : u.s. coast guard official says japanese trawler has capsized .  new : it sank about 180 miles west of southeast alaska , an official says .  authorities say it is a navigation hazard .  the boat is part of a giant debris field making its way toward north americ .
 heist empties apple store in just 31 seconds <sec> thieves stole dozens of gadgets from an apple store in marlton , new jersey .  the open design of the store made it easy to smash the plate glass window .  burglars made off with 23 macbook pros , 14 iphones and nine ipod touche .
 state-funded news anchor abby martin : 'what russia did is wrong ' <sec> new : rt did n't reprimand martin ; she says it 's `` sad '' media only reported on this critique .  washington-based abby martin is an anchor of a russia today program , `` breaking the set '' .  russia today , or rt , is funded by and oft seen as in lockstep with russia 's government .  martin slams `` russia 's military occupation of crimea , '' refuses to defend `` military aggression .
 opinion : hey weiner , new york does n't like to look stupid <sec> errol louis : weiner should know new yorkers hate to be punchline of a national joke .  louis : business leaders did n't want him and now they might hound him out of mayoral race .  he says city 's big papers want weiner to drop out , and he has only himself to blame .  louis : weiner seems to think he 'll be forgiven , but voters will decide on primary da .
 despair , devastation in war-ravaged swat valley <sec> pakistani forces in swat valley claim victory in fight against taliban militants .  refugees trickling back to the region find towns , bridges destroyed .  up to 2.5 million pakistanis estimated to have been displaced by conflict .  local businessman : `` everything is in ruins . .  it will take months to return to normality .
 harrington murder : 'this person might be involved ' <sec> the parents of morgan harrington tell cnn they want to know who killed their daughter .  jesse matthew resembles a sketch of a suspect linked to another case , dan harrington says .  harrington , 20 went missing in 2009 , and her remains were found in 201 .
 uk parents may be charged over assisted suicide <sec> young rugby player , paralyzed after accident , ends his life in switzerland .  police interview man and woman about the death of daniel james , 23 .  it is illegal in uk and much of europe to assist with someone 's suicide .  campaigners argue those with severe conditions should be allowed the right to di .
 'claire dewitt ' a dreamy mystery for readers <sec> the character claire dewitt joins a distinguished line of women in mystery fiction .  dewitt solves murders with a mixture of investigative chops and new age philosophy .  author sara gran draws many parallels between her own life experiences and dewitt ' .
 'sleepy hollow ' : the 19 craziest things that happened <sec> fox premiered its new drama `` sleepy hollow '' monday .  the show stars tom mison as ichabod crane .  the premiere was jam-packed with crazy plot twist .
 indiana earthquake : a 'very loud boom ' <sec> new : the indiana earthquake has been downgraded from 4.2 to a 3.8 magnitude .  one local resident compares the quake to a `` huge explosion '' .  there were no immediate reports of damag .
 craig : i did nothing 'inappropriate ' in airport bathroom <sec> new : idaho senator : i did nothing inappropriate ; i am not gay .  new : republican senators call for ethics review of sen. larry craig case .  craig pleaded guilty this month to disorderly conduct at minnesota airport .  police officer reports senator peered into stall , gave a `` signal '' in jun .
 review : bob seger 's 'ultimate hits ' <sec> this set has a smoking cover of little richard 's `` hey hey hey hey '' .  nothing sounds as glorious as the live `` travelin ' man/beautiful loser '' medley .  an insane amount of material still remains locked u .
 how aircraft speed sensors work <sec> air france pilots lost vital speed data says bea .  since the accident , air france has replaced the pitots on its airbus fleet with a newer mode .
 why women should celebrate not medicate their moods <sec> at least one in four u.s. women is taking a psychiatric drug , according to expert .  author says many women taking mental health meds do n't really need them .  report : nine of 10 big pharmaceutical firms spend more on marketing than researc .
 biggest threat in the air ? you <sec> iata has reported 28,000 incidents of unruly passenger behavior since 2007 .  experts agree the figure is unrepresentative , and growing .  tweaks in airport design , security measures and airline policy could help address the proble .
 obama : iraq war will be over by year 's end ; troops coming home <sec> u.s. defense chief says iraqi forces are capable .  a u.s. official says iraq `` will not roll over '' to iranians trying to exert their influence .  iraq 's prime minister says he and obama both want to `` start a new phase '' in relations .  almost all u.s. troops will be home by the end of december , according to obam .
 motorola launches moto g , but china misses out <sec> motorola launches new phone to attract new markets .  the moto g will be about a third of the cost of an iphone 5c .  the new phone was launched in sao paulo .  china is the one major market not included in the rollou .
 apple admits iphone 4 reception issues , says fix is coming <sec> apple has promised a software fix for all generation iphones in a few weeks .  apple claims it has erroneously calculated the formula which displays signal bars .  apple may not fix the iphone 4 gripping issue , what many people argue is the main problem .  software fixes will only address the number of signal bars displayed on iphone screen .
 building a housing revolution in brazil <sec> in sao paulo , brazil 's drastic housing shortages are exploding into violence .  andrea molinari , founder of construction firm crinale , thinks he has the answer .  crinale builds traditional houses fast , and sells direct to buyer .
 prosecution rests in polygamist sect leader trial <sec> new : jeffs will begin presenting the defense case after lunch .  new : prosecutors play a tape they say documents the sexual assault of a 12-year-old .  other recordings were played for jurors on tuesday .  `` you have to be ready for the time i need your comfort , '' the voice in a recording say .
 barroso : europe federation 'unavoidable ' <sec> european commission president jose manuel barroso says a federal europe is `` unavoidable '' .  european institutions are already moving toward a more unified europe in attempts to stem crisis .  barroso 's call is the latest in a long line of measures taken by european politicians .  according to barroso , integration is the only way to compete on the global stag .
 opinion : the right way for conservatives to win <sec> david frum : stephen harper shows path u.s. conservatives should follow .  he says canadian prime minister avoids `` braveheart '' speeches , bold policy shifts .  canada has emerged strongly from world economic crisis , frum writes .  frum : by contrast , u.s. conservatives have appalled and frightened american .
 top syrian officials killed in major blow to al-assad 's regime <sec> the u.n. security council vote on a draft resolution is delayed until thursday morning .  189 people were killed wednesday , an opposition group says .  20 syrian generals have defected to turkey , a turkish official say .
 cnn student news transcript : june 2 , 2011 <sec> explore the significance of the u.s. reaching its debt ceiling .  take stock of the field for the 2012 u.s. presidential election .  visit a restaurant that aims to help community members in need .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 malala 's journey from near death to nobel peace prize <sec> malala yousafzai becomes the youngest recipient of the nobel peace prize .  taliban gunmen stopped a van carrying malala and shot her two years ago .  the extremists wanted to kill her for promoting education for girls .  there was a global outpouring that propelled her and her cause onto the global stag .
 shipping company head wants to arm vessels against pirates <sec> liberty maritime corp. chief speaks before u.s. senate commerce subcommittee .  he says u.s. vessels are at mercy of pirates around the busy gulf of aden .  pirates tried , failed to board one of his company 's cargo ships , the liberty sun .  richard phillips , the hijacked maersk alabama captain , joined him at the hearin .
 four men arrested in one world trade center jump stunt <sec> base jumping incident from skyscraper occurred in september .  defense attorney says video of jump shows men deploying parachutes , gliding down to road .  arrest comes after n.j. teen was arrested on trespassing charges at skyscrape .
 opinion : racist taunts at obama should worry us all <sec> matthew c. whitaker : obama 's appearance at arizona school brought out racist protesters .  report : sign said , `` impeach the half-white muslim ! '' .  and some sang `` bye bye black sheep '' .  protesters blame obama for race tension , but his detractors promulgate it , whitaker says .  whitaker : arizona protesters were loud , but such racism is ubiquitous , should worry us al .
 lax shooting victim : 'i knew i had to stem the blood flow ' <sec> brian ludmer , 29 , was shot in the back of the right calf .  he recalls the gunman as `` stern '' and `` cold '' .  the bones below ludmer 's right knee were shattered by a bullet .  `` it was bleeding and disfigured , and i was scared , '' he say .
 japan fukushima toxic water leak a level 3 'serious incident ' <sec> the alert is japan 's gravest warning since meltdowns at the nuclear plant in 2011 .  the japanese regulator made the decision after consulting with the iaea .  a storage tank at the plant leaked hundreds of tons of toxic water .  a government minister this week criticized the plant operator 's handling of leak .
 gunman in the philippines ends standoff by killing 8 , wounding 7 <sec> new : hong kong urges no trips to philippines after killings .  manila police say the gunman was a disgruntled ex-cop .  china condemned the `` atrocious behavior of the criminal '' .  the gunman 's brother has been accused of conspiring with hi .
 saudi king arrives for treatment in morocco <sec> king abdullah is recovering from back surgery .  he will undergo physical therapy as he continues to recuperat .
 as ruler , gadhafi sought world stage <sec> moammar gadhafi came into a power in a bloodless coup against king idris in 1969 .  by 1972 , he was urging muslims to fight western powers , including the u.k. and u.s . .  decades later , he appeared to moderate and seek rapprochement with the west .  the movement to unseat him began in february , centered first in benghaz .
 cnn student news transcript - september 30 , 2011 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 review : a laptop bag that can charge gadgets <sec> we review powerbag , a line of battery-equipped shoulder bags and backpacks .  a full battery charge can fill up about two smartphones .  unlike solar-powered bags , you can hardly tell it 's a geek accessory .  powerbag spokesman : the battery was rigorously tested for safet .
 attorney gives jena 6 teen counsel , chance at new life <sec> in spring 2008 , jesse ray beard went to live with his attorney 's family in new york .  once accused of attempted murder in louisiana , beard now attending prep school .  attorney alan howard 's daughter , jessie , says she considers beard a brother .  football coach says he `` ca n't wait to unleash '' beard at linebacker , wide receive .
 kate 's breasts , pussy riot , virginity tests and our attitude on women 's bodies <sec> author naomi wolf says recent controversies reveal biased views toward women 's bodies .  the pussy riot trial and arab spring protests showed women stripped of autonomy .  women 's bodies are battlegrounds used to wage culture wars , wolf says .  it 's scandalous when women take ownership of their own bodies , wolf contend .
 outage forces delays , cancellations at alaska air <sec> severed telecommunications lines disrupted internet service in northwest .  service problem brought down ticketing , reservations systems at alaska airlines .  seventy flights canceled , some 6,000 passengers affected ; more delays likel .
 cambodia , thailand border row escalates <sec> both agreed to meet as each side deployed more troops to preah vihear temple .  both cambodia and thailand lay claim to the 11th century temple .  the international court of justice awarded the temple to cambodia in 1962 .  current row began when cambodia briefly held 3 thais who crossed into the are .
 using nature 's bounty to feed the hungry <sec> new jersey man created way for gardeners to share extra produce with the hungry .  website ampleharvest.org connects gardeners nationwide with food pantries .  nearly 2,000 food pantries across the u.s. are now registered on the site .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2010 cnn heroe .
