 zaha hadid tower impresses hong kong students <sec> the jockey club innovation tower at the hong kong polytechnic university opened in 2011 at cost of $ 81 million .  building is first zaha hadid structure in hong kong .  university hopes the campus will inspire designers and architects of the futur .
 sylvester stallone painting exhibition in st. petersburg <sec> stallone exhibition runs until january 13 in st. petersburg , russia .  influenced by abstract expressionism , paintings include self-portraits of stallone as rambo .  russian communists protested the exhibition openin .
 villa strike gives barcelona victory ; inter cruise past bari <sec> spanish champions barcelona beat sporting gijon 1-0 thanks to david villa 's goal .  valencia and atletico madrid draw 1-1 at the mestalla .  inter milan thump bari 4-0 while ac milan draw 1-1 with lazio .  schalke grab their first win of the season beating freiburg 2- .
 'flappy bird ' will fly back to app stores <sec> 'flappy bird ' creator say game will come back to app stores .  dong nguyen pulled game last month .  nguyen said it will be back but `` not soon .
 supreme court : no same-sex marriage in virginia , yet <sec> supreme court stays enforcement of decision overturning virginia gay marriage ban .  an appeals court in richmond ruled the prohibition unconstitutional .  the supreme court could have the final word on same-sex marriage ban .
 u.n. : both syrian rebels and government forces guilty <sec> new : u.s. secretary of state john kerry urges patience : `` we want to stop the killing '' .  rebels say they are shocked the u.n. would accuse them of atrocities .  both government and rebel forces are accused of recruiting boys .  u.n. panelist : no diplomatic end to war means `` devastating '' implications for the region and worl .
 hundreds of wounded libyans to be treated in germany <sec> more than 300 wounded libyans will be treated in germany in the next 10 days .  111 libyans are already receiving treatment in germany .  the united states plans to treat at least 28 wounded libyan fighters .  the libyans are being taken abroad because their wounds ca n't be treated in liby .
 why pocketbook politics will decide india 's election <sec> john defterios says india 's election race will boil down to the economy .  he says the indian business community thinks pm singh lost his zeal for reform .  whether it is in the u.s. , europe or asia , pocketbook issues dominate , he write .
 supreme court blocks 'catch-22 ' spy case <sec> in dissent , justice says the harm claimed by plaintiffs `` is not speculative '' .  supreme court 's conservative 5-4 majority says plaintiffs lack `` standing '' to proceed .  justices did n't address the larger questions of government program 's constitutionalit .
 salvadoran court denies abortion to ill woman <sec> el salvador 's supreme court said doctors can not perform an abortion on a sick woman .  the woman 's life is not at imminent risk , the court said .  abortion is illegal in el salvador without exceptions .  the woman had argued her life was at risk and her baby would di .
 rachael rapraeger , who gave bogus mammogram results , gets jail time <sec> 2 of 10 women who got false mammogram results died of cancer , prosecutor says .  rachael rapraeger sentenced to up to six months in prison , probation , $ 12,500 fine .  cancer survivor tells rapraeger , `` i would not be living this nightmare '' except for you .  victim miriam mizell dies at age 63 of breast cancer in 2012 , cnn affiliate report .
 college football player breaks neck , has feeling in extremities <sec> university of louisville player breaks neck .  anthony conner has feeling in his extremities .  he was injured while making a tackle during friday 's game against rutgers .  a rutgers player was paralyzed last yea .
 fad-free exclusive : eat smart with peanut butter alternatives <sec> peanut product recall putting a damper on american snacking habits .  usda : average american consumes 3.3 pounds of peanut butter each year .  alternatives include snacks made with almond , cashew , macadamia , walnut butter .
 connie neilsen proves she 's no hollywood eye candy <sec> connie nielsen made her name playing lucilla in ridley scott 's `` gladiator '' .  she has appeared in movies dealing with the wars in afghanistan and iraq .  nielsen speaks seven languages and is passionate about art and literatur .
 meet 'shrewbot ' : how rodents , coffee could shape future space robots <sec> `` shrewbot '' aims to test whether artificial whiskers could help a robot navigate .  robotics expert alan winfield suggests they could be useful for planetary rovers .  he also points to work on soft robotics that could aid space exploration .  so-called 'swarm robots ' might be able to adapt to an alien planet 's environment , he say .
 opinion : the new pandemic : road deaths <sec> roads kill 1.24 million people per year , according to the who .  a new project highlights the deaths as part of a public health `` pandemic '' .  john sutter : it 's time for the world to address this crisis .  he asks readers to share stories about bad roads and laws in their countrie .
 poet 's story becomes a murder mystery : chile exhumes pablo neruda <sec> investigators exhume poet pablo neruda 's remains .  his death certificate says he died of prostate cancer .  his former chauffeur alleges he was killed by an injection .  the claim has riled some of neruda 's supporter .
 crews reach far corners of vermont cut off by irene <sec> new : crews reach final stranded town .  national guard helicopters drop supplies to several towns .  one town held a barbecue to show solidarit .
 pakistanis begin ramadan with misery of floods <sec> the death toll now tops 1,313 , pakistani authorities say .  the u.n. launches a flash appeal for $ 460 million in aid .  pakistanis face soaring food costs and long-term shortages .  the taliban tell people to reject u.s. ai .
 group : chinese filmmaker and author du bin detained by police <sec> rights group : author , filmmaker and activist du bin has been detained by police in china .  du was last seen in may , the same month he released a documentary on a china labor camp .  family members found two copies of a police subpoena at du 's residence in beijin .
 world cup : klose equals scoring record to save germany <sec> germany held 2-2 by ghana in group g .  miroslav klose scores late equalizer for germany .  klose equals world cup scoring record of 15 .  asamoah gyan had put ghana 2-1 ahea .
 rapper andre johnson severs penis , jumps off building , but survives <sec> andre johnson is seriously injured , but survives the fall .  he is taken along with his recovered penis to cedars-sinai medical center .  johnson was a member of north star , a wu-tang clan affiliated hip hop group .  he performs under the name christ beare .
 deputy likely killed self with 3 shots to head <sec> attorney general : deputy shot himself twice in the chin , once in side of the head .  forensic examination on deputy could take several weeks .  shots to deputy 's head `` consistent with self-inflicted wounds '' .  after killing six people at party , peterson drove around , confessed to friend .
 spacex unveils the dragon v2 , a new spacecraft to transport astronauts <sec> nasa : spacex is one of 3 private firms to pass first step in nasa program .  spacex founder elon musk unveils the dragon v2 , his company 's latest spacecraft .  spacex has flown several unmanned missions so far to the international space station .  the dragon v2 is capable of carrying up to 7 people into space and then back to eart .
 marsalis : racism and greed put blues at the back of the bus <sec> wynton marsalis : the blues is at the root of all american music , but was never given its due .  marsalis : blues unappreciated by blacks and whites alike , due to racism and money .  slavery was 330 years , shift away from racism 's effects only in past 30 years .  he says americans do n't know their cultural history : there are solutions to division .
 report offers a bit of good news for american moms <sec> u.s. lands at no . .  25 on the annual state of the world 's mothers report .  u.s. has made strides with respect to better care for teen moms .  lack of support from governmental and other programs pushes u.s. dow .
 port in n.c. closed after containers with explosive material punctured <sec> new : cleanup is a five-step process , and only the first step is completed , authorities say .  hazardous spill contained at n.c. port , but police recommend evacuations .  nine containers of petn were punctured at morehead city port .  mayor says residents who choose to stay should keep clear of doors , window .
 commentary : a mother 's day we did n't expect <sec> bob greene : this mother 's day is one my family did n't expect to enjoy .  he says his mother has survived and made good use of precious time .  greene : we should all live as if we have only a few weeks more of lif .
 jewelry goes missing from lohan shoot <sec> police are investigating disappearance of jewelry from lindsay lohan photo shoot .  lohan was doing photo spread for elle magazine .  magazine : `` no reason to believe that lindsay lohan was in any way responsible '' .  lohan 's representative told cnn the actress was `` happy to cooperate .
 welcome to the world 's most haunting landscapes <sec> kilian schönberger explores wild landscapes in the region of middle europe .  he recreates the magic of the old myths that inspired tolkien and the brothers grimm .  fog is the essential ingredient for the haunting pictures of the colorblind photographe .
 chelsea crash seven past sunderland <sec> english premier league leaders chelsea smash seven goals past sunderland .  nicolas anelka and frank lampard score twice each in 7-2 home victory .  manchester united stay one point back in second place after beating burnley 3-0 .  roberto mancini suffers first defeat as manchester city boss , losing 2-0 at everto .
 5 things that could still complicate budget deal <sec> the senate is expected to take up the budget on tuesday .  2014 and 2016 politics will play into senate budget vote .  the fallout from the filibuster rule change has left hard feelings in the senate .  fear of another government shutdown has pushed some to support the dea .
 south africa could become 'new egypt , ' warns trade union leader <sec> zwelinzima vavi is general secretary of the congress of south african trade unions .  he calls for drastic action to deal with the problem of youth unemployment .  'i 'm a socialist , but a realist , ' says vav .
 review : when robert kennedy gave his all <sec> reviewer : `` the last campaign '' worthy addition to robert kennedy books .  thurston clarke 's work follows rfk through his 82-day presidential run .  book sometimes glorifies kennedy , but with apparent reaso .
 did registry know man accused in hepatitis c outbreak was earlier fired ? <sec> new : arizona did not complete investigation of david kwiatkowski .  new : public defender declines to comment .  kwiatkowski worked in at least eight states as a lab technician .  he also worked at a new hampshire hospital where 30 patients got hepatitis .
 report : north korean leader in china <sec> an south korean official says kim jong il is in china , according to report .  it is his third visit there in slightly over a year .  south koreans play close attention to the leadership 's movement in north korea .  it 's hard to obtain reliable information from and about north kore .
 opinion : why the pope is shaking up bishops <sec> alice laffey : pope signals radical change by upending congregation of bishops .  she says congregation helps pick bishops , who will implement francis ' vision .  she says mandate not about politics but compassion and solidarity with those served .  laffey : this is powerful tool for him to effect far-reaching , sustained change around worl .
 obama on 9/11 : 'no words can ease the ache of your hearts ' <sec> obama : `` let us renew our resolve against those who perpetrated this violent act '' .  family , friends of those killed in attacks read names in solemn roll calls .  former secretary of state colin powell speaks at pennsylvania site .  services take place in new york , at the pentagon and in shanksville , pennsylvani .
 former congressman , army secretary 'bo ' callaway hospitalized <sec> `` bo '' callaway is a former secretary of the army and was a congressman from georgia .  he suffered a cerebral hemorrhage last week .  callaway and his parents created the callaway gardens resort in georgi .
 u.s. issues alert for americans in europe <sec> new : state department alert warns americans in europe to be aware of surroundings .  not believed the alert is a result of new intelligence , security source says .  alert comes in light of recent terror threat informatio .
 writers ' roundup : what election means <sec> drew westen says the election was a repudiation -- of what ? .  americans just want jobs .  jeffrey miron explains why california rejected prop 19 , to make pot legal .  ten of the craziest , most effective or most damaging attack ads , from adam hanft .  remember 1994 ; the youth vote ; tea party 's message to republicans and mor .
 gunmen attack nato truck in pakistan , killing 1 <sec> the driver of a container truck bringing nato supplies to afghanistan is killed .  anti-american militants , including the taliban , operate on the pakistan-afghanistan border .  no one has claimed responsibility for the shooting .  pakistan reopened the border to nato last month after a disput .
 more than 200 skeletons found under paris supermarket <sec> more than 200 skeletons found under monoprix grocery store .  the store is on a site where a hospital cemetery was located , dating to 12th centur .
 renee zellweger : 'i sort of disappear a little bit ' <sec> renee zellweger plays character based on george hamilton 's mother in new film .  zellweger says she 's `` lucky , '' generally not judged on her looks .  character was a joy to play -- particularly the immersion in '50s era of clothe .
 obama , strengthen rules on child farm labor <sec> cristina traina : obama should strengthen child farm labor standards .  she says labor dept . .  rules allow kids to work long hours for little pay on commercial farms .  she says obama administration scrapped labor dept . .  chief 's proposal for tightening rules .  she says labor dept . .  must fix lax standards for kid labor on farmers ; osha must enforce the .
 obama official says at border : 'we 'll send you back ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> homeland security secretary jeh johnson visits southern border in new mexico .  the administration wants to amplify its message that illegal arrivals are mostly going back .  the stepped up effort comes amid an influx of undocumented minors from central america .  new arrivals have overwhelmed border services and ignited new political controvers .
 justices divided over death penalty and intellectual disability <sec> high-profile supreme court precedent under examination again .  at issue is how state can define mental retardation in capital cases .  appeal focusing on florida says state 's limits are too rigi .
 long-lost son , 37 , to finally see mother after 35 years abroad <sec> david amaya barrick , 37 , will finally see his mother for the first time in about 35 years .  their reunion will take place saturday in san diego 's airport .  the estranged husband took the boy to mexico when he was about 2 years old .  the mom was unable to find her son until the u.s. border patrol recently arrested hi .
 inter milan ease into world club final <sec> european champions inter milan cruise into the final of the club world cup .  inter defeat asian champions seongnam ilhwa 3-0 in abu dhabi on wednesday .  they will now play african champions tp mazembe in saturday 's showpiec .
 why democrats are n't bragging about obamacare 's good news <sec> 3.3 million signed up during the four months of obamacare open enrollment so far .  the ratio of people 18 to 34 signing up for plans increased to 25 % .  despite this success , democratic strategists will likely not advise candidates to run on obamacare .  republicans will still use problems with obamacare to hit democrats har .
 court finds charles taylor guilty of aiding war crimes <sec> new : uk foreign minister says verdict should be lesson to syria 's al-assad .  charles taylor is the first ex-head of state convicted by an international tribunal since 1946 .  he will be sentenced may 30 and serve out his sentence in a british jail .  taylor 's lawyer says his client should n't be responsible for others ' action .
 mayor gunned down , 24 others killed across iraq <sec> new : baghdad attacks targeted shiite pilgrims , security forces .  falluja 's mayor was shot to death while visiting a sewage plant .  bombings in falluja , baghdad and baquba kill 24 more .  nearly 6,000 people have been killed in attacks across iraq this year , the u.n. say .
 the grand canyon , three ways <sec> whether you 've got a week or just a few hours , make the most of your grand canyon trip .  the south rim , which may be the country 's most diverse place , is good for a quick trip .  the north rim attracts visitors inclined to stay a little longer .  the most compelling reason for a week in the canyon is to visit both rim .
 general motors ceo resigns as part of bailout deal <sec> departure of general motors ' ceo part of government 's bailout strategy .  gm 's president and chief operating officer , fritz henderson , to replace rick wagoner .  gm to get 60 days of financing ; chrysler could get $ 6 billio .
 vonn completes world cup hat-trick in austria <sec> lindsey vonn completes superb hat-trick of wins in three days on world cup circuit .  american skier wins super-g in austria to follow successive victories in downhill .  vonn extends her overall lead to 192 points over maria riesch of germany .  julien lizeroux of france wins men 's world cup slalom in switzerlan .
 stop keystone pipeline before it 's too late <sec> keystone xl pipeline would bring tar sands crude oil across u.s. to gulf refineries .  ted turner : tar sands oil means clear-cutting thousands of acres , diverting rivers , strip-mining .  pipeline puts drinking water at risk , poses profound danger of toxic spills and more , he says .  turner : congress trying to skirt rules and force approval of polluting keystone projec .
 gems from malaysia 's golden age of jewelry reveal melting pot of cultures <sec> a new book explores the history of the straits chinese culture and their extraordinary jewelry .  they were wealthy chinese-malayans who created a society which fused asian and european influences .  the result was a boom in the region 's artistic creativit .
 blagojevich 's pick has résumé chiseled in stone <sec> roland burris has erected a mausoleum in chicago 's oak woods cemetery .  gov . .  rod blagojevich picked burris to succeed president-elect obama in the senate .  memorial lists firsts , including being the first black attorney general for illinoi .
 shame on monica lewinsky ( opinion ) <sec> timothy stanley : monica lewinsky 's return to public stage is shameless in several ways .  she 's not the victim , and it 's tasteless to call herself `` patient zero '' of online bullying , he says .  he says she downplays own guilt in affair , humiliates hillary clinton once again .  stanley : her presence gives ammunition to hillary clinton 's critics on right and lef .
 study : 1 in 6 uk cell phones is contaminated with fecal matter <sec> 1 in 6 mobile phones is contaminated with fecal matter , study finds .  more than 1 in 4 londoners ' hands have the e. coli bacteri .
 electric volt and leaf : zippy , fun , superquiet <sec> writer test drives nissan leaf in atlanta and drives chevy volt up the east coast .  cars are zippy off the line , and super quiet even at 70 mph .  they look better in person , writer says .  most buyers will be interested in environment , but will also get good , fun ca .
 trove of data found at bin laden hideout provides first specific alert <sec> homeland security releases notice over rail system .  it stemmed from discovery of material at bin laden compound .  no evidence al qaeda plot was imminent , government say .
 government warns schools that bullying can violate civil rights laws <sec> new federal guidelines sent to nation 's schools and colleges .  failure to respond properly to bullying could risk cut in funding .  white house to host a harassment conference next yea .
 playgrounds in storm areas memorialize newtown victims <sec> new jersey 's largest firefighters union is now looking to honor sandy hook victims .  firefighters have begun collecting donations for `` the sandy ground project '' .  26 playgrounds are to be built in communities recovering from the storm .  each playground is for a victim gunned down on december 14 at school in connecticu .
