 earthquake hits coastal peru <sec> 6.3 magnitude earthquake strikes coastal peru ; no injuries or damage reported .  the quake occurred along on the boundary of two tectonic plate .
 rossi wins san marino gp after marquez slides off <sec> valentino rossi wins san marino motogp at misano .  first win of season for italian legend .  rossi passes 5,000 points in world championship classes .  championship leader marc marquez crashes and finishes 15t .
 world 's priciest city to be an expat is ... ? <sec> oslo is world 's most expensive city in 2013 eca international survey .  norway 's high cost of production , labor and high taxes pushed oslo to top .  tokyo , number one in 2012 , fell to number six this year due to weaker yen .  quane : asia city rankings stable , good sign of economic recovery after 2008 global crisi .
 tuberculosis killed 1.5 million people in 2013 <sec> world health organization releases 2014 global tuberculosis report .  9 million people developed tuberculosis in 2013 , it says .  tb is a bacterial infection that can be spread through the air .  there are several drug regimens approved to treat t .
 jackson family lawyer hints at 'new evidence ' in battle for estate <sec> `` the case is now moving in a different direction , '' attorney londell mcmillan said .  randy jackson said his brother could not have signed the will , tmz reports .  contrary to statements made thursday , mcmillan was not replace .
 leader of mexican drug cartel killed <sec> arturo beltran leyva was one of mexico 's three most wanted criminals .  beltran leyva and his brothers rose in the pacific state of sinaloa .  six other cartel members and one naval petty officer also died in the rai .
 new beyonce video '7/11 ' rocks the web <sec> the song features bey and some `` girlfriends '' prancing in and around a high-rise .  the song is from the platinum edition of her self titled album `` beyonce '' .  beyonce was the top-earning woman in music for 201 .
 snow slows japan 's bullet trains , closes toyota plants <sec> heavy snowfall in parts of japan temporarily snarled the country 's bullet train system .  as much as 8 feet of snow has fallen in parts of the country .  the storm also forced toyota to close some factories because parts could n't be delivere .
 warwick : jackson would 've loved memorial service <sec> singer dionne warwick : jackson 's memorial service was done with style , class .  warwick 's son was writing a song with jackson days before his death .  damon elliott : `` michael was like the greatest teacher to all of us .
 spanish authorities arrest 25 suspects in timeshare fraud scam <sec> canary islands vacation properties are the target of the scam .  police say suspects convinced owners to pay fees for sales that never went through .  the german embassy helps uncover a web of suspects .  twenty-three german suspects , one polish suspect and one swiss suspect are arreste .
 dinosaur skeletons returned to mongolia <sec> over 18 dinosaur skeletons illegally smuggled to u.s. returned to mongolian official .  skeletons were recovered from commercial paleontologist , eric prokopi .  recovery made by hsi and ice is unprecedented , said u.s. attorney bharara .  prokopi was sentenced to three months in jail for smuggling and other charge .
 officer who sent 'jungle-monkey ' e-mail : 'i am not a racist ' <sec> justin barrett apologizes for e-mail about harvard professor henry louis gates jr . .  barrett uses phrase `` jungle monkey '' four times in the mass e-mail .  barrett : `` i did not intend any racial bigotry , harm or prejudice in my words . '' .  boston police commissioner edward davis denounces the e-mai .
 why our government is broken <sec> david frum : in past 30 years , rules of bipartisan cooperation have dissolved .  he says use of filibuster is now routine , presidential appointments are stalled .  frum says parties are acting as if their only choices are to govern or to oppose .  america 's government is built on the idea that opposing parties will work togethe .
 the problem with u.s. priorities in syria ( opinion ) <sec> u.s. airstrikes against isis costing around $ 52 million a week , mark ensalaco notes .  united nations estimates there are more than 3 million syrian refugees .  u.s. must place greater emphasis on humanitarian aid in syria , ensalaco say .
 arrest made in slain alabama twins case <sec> new : authorities evacuated a selma apartment building before detaining lee .  new : he is charged with three counts of murder .  police say the bodies of the twins and their babysitter were found on a dirt road .  the car belonging to babysitter , jack mac girdner , 73 , was found thursda .
 how to become a world cup referee <sec> aden marwa is kenya 's first linesman to officiate at a world cup .  he reveals the levels of fitness referees must have in order to officiate at the highest level .  when not on the pitch , he can often be focuses on technical training , match analysis .  `` football is my life , football has made my life change a big deal , '' he tells cn .
 teens have fewer aids for kicking the habit <sec> more than 430,000 americans die each year from smoking-related causes .  the cdc estimates 20 percent of high school students smoked cigarettes last year .  smoking cessation drugs , patches and gum are not approved for those under 18 .  support groups are one of the few stop-smoking aids available to teen .
 florida boy , 12 , dies from brain-eating parasite <sec> new : zachary reyna 's organs will be donated , facebook page says .  the boy fell ill after playing in a water-filled ditch near his florida home .  doctors later determined he had a rare brain-eating amoeba .  they tried an experimental drug also used for an arkansas girl , who survive .
 why you love to hate anne hathaway <sec> hating anne hathaway has become a favorite pastime for many .  one writer says the dislike for the oscar winner is `` vehement '' .  hathaway is aware that not everyone loves he .
 from police officer 's son to pope : the life of benedict xvi <sec> the son of a police officer , joseph ratzinger was born in southeastern germany in 1927 .  he was briefly in the hitler youth and nazi army , though he eventually deserted .  he was a theology professor who also rose up the roman catholic church ranks .  some called him `` cardinal no '' for his strict enforcement of doctrine before becoming pop .
 leonardo intent on keeping gattuso <sec> ac milan coach leonardo does not want unsettled midfielder gennaro gattuso to leave the club .  gattuso is unsettled at the club after failing to earn a regular place in the first team this season .  the 31-year-old italian international has been with the rossoneri since 199 .
 gop faces choice : leadership or gridlock <sec> the republican party faces a big test in 2013 , says julian zelizer .  without displaying a capacity for strong leadership , political parties ca n't succeed , he says .  house speaker john boehner has been unable to keep his troops in line , says zelizer .  zelizer : boehner has not displayed the courage to enter into a deal with democrat .
 report : 16 killed in clash in china 's restive xinjiang region <sec> new : a uyghur diaspora group says the people involved were `` demonstrators '' .  new : chinese authorities disagree , saying those involved were a `` terrorist '' gang .  two police officers and 14 other people were killed in a clash on sunday .  the violence took place in xinjiang , a resource-rich chinese region beset by unres .
 chris brown jailed on felony assault charge <sec> alleged victim says he was attacked when he tried to get into a photo with brown .  brown allegedly said `` i 'm not down with that gay s -- t '' .  brown and a bodyguard were booked at d.c. 's second district police station .  brown is on probation for a felony domestic violence conviction involving rihann .
 texas student shot by police officer leaves behind bereft parents <sec> robert cameron redus ' parents believe he is in heaven but are in pain over his loss .  police : campus officer says redus struggled with him , hit him .  police chief says cpl . .  christopher carter is now on administrative leave .  friends : redus was on college dean 's list , was co-valedictorian at his high schoo .
 gay marriage should not be about politics ( opinion ) <sec> sally kohn : supreme court seems to have increasingly become a place for partisan theatrics .  she says marriage equality arguments seemed even more shaped by politics than the la .
 historic amla triple ton leaves no.1 england in tatters <sec> hashim amla hits undefeated triple century in first test against england .  first time south african to achieve the feat in tests .  no.1 ranked england in trouble at end of fourth day .  they trail by 150 runs with only six wickets lef .
 top black lawmaker urges obama to focus on african-american jobs <sec> rep. maxine waters urges obama to fight harder against tea party .  waters says black lawmakers do n't criticize obama for fear of losing voter support .  `` if we go after the president too hard , you are going after us , '' waters say .
 bullets that killed ruthanne lodato , 2 others may be linked , cops say <sec> bullets that killed a music teacher are similar to those in two other slayings , police say .  ruthanne lodato was fatally shot after answering her door in suburban washington last month .  the killings raised fears of a serial killer , prompted police warning to be `` on guard .
 boomer esiason apologizes but stirs up paternity leave debate <sec> boomer esiason apologizes for suggesting athlete 's wife should have scheduled c-section .  esiason , other radio hosts took issue with baseball player taking two days of paternity leave .  paternity leave in united states still lags far behind countries in europe .  in sweden , men can take two months paid paternity leav .
 indictment returned against boston bombing suspect dzhokhar tsarnaev <sec> dzhokhar tsarnaev contributed to his brother 's death , indictment says .  counts involve alleged use of weapons of mass destruction and killing of mit officer .  indictment : ieds were made from pressure cookers , explosive powder , shrapnel , other items .  an arraignment is set for july 10 in u.s. district cour .
 showtime : london stages vibrant olympic opening ceremony <sec> new : young athletes light the olympic cauldron after the queen opens the games .  performances pay tribute to british history , literature and music .  the greek delegation leads the parade of athletes into the stadium .  organizers had sought beforehand to keep the event 's details secre .
 moyes : rooney not for sale <sec> man utd manager david moyes says wayne rooney is not for sale .  rooney has been linked with a move away from old trafford in recent months .  moyes holds first press conference since replacing alex ferguson .  moyes appoints ryan giggs and phil neville to the united coaching staf .
 feeling cramped ? how to battle the shrinking airline seat <sec> airline seats are shrinking from the once standard 18.5 inches to 17 inches across .  meanwhile , passengers are getting heavier , and flights are getting more crammed .  airbus is calling on the industry to make seats wide .
 husband of fukushima suicide victim demands justice <sec> last year 's nuclear meltdown spewed radiation across a wide swath of fukushima prefecture .  thousands of residents inside a radiation exclusion zone were forced from their homes .  mikio watanabe 's wife committed suicide after becoming depressed about the situation .  they lost their home , their jobs and any hope for the future , mikio sai .
 jakob dylan : the perks of being a wallflower <sec> the wallflowers have released their first album in seven years .  the band broke through in 1996 with the quadruple-platinum `` bringing down the horse '' .  frontman jakob dylan is the son of bob dyla .
 apple 's siri will need to learn some new tricks <sec> siri , apple 's voice-controlled assistant , is quite good at what it knows how to do .  however , siri is unable to perform some basic tasks .  apple says siri is a `` beta '' and that the company will improve it over tim .
 senate immigration bill clears first hurdle ; debate begins <sec> new : gop sen. cruz says the bill as written will pass the senate but not the house .  senate democrats , republicans vote overwhelmingly to allow debate .  president obama urges congress to pass the bipartisan senate measure .  the would create a 13-year path to citizenship ; some conservatives call it amnest .
 wartime 'abenesia ' bad for japan 's image <sec> abe did express `` eternal condolences '' about the loss of american lives in world war ii .  but he has been evasive and ambiguous about embracing responsibility for japan 's wartime actions .  kingston : he is putting his personal agenda on history ahead of the national interes .
 bush led on aids funds ; will obama ? <sec> george w. bush set standard for increasing u.s. aid to fight aids , says sean kennedy .  he says president obama has not lived up to his promise to add $ 1 billion more to the fight .  kennedy says national commitment to fighting hiv/aids needs strengthening .  he says obama should respond to desmond tutu 's call for spending more on hiv/aid .
 teacher tenure ruling in california triggers national debate <sec> unions say tenure 's job protections provide stability and necessary freedoms .  other argue such protections give bad teachers a free ride at the expense of students .  `` if we continue to fight silly fights everybody loses , '' says secretary arne dunca .
 faa urges caution in expanding use of unmanned aircraft <sec> unmanned aircraft have higher accident rates than regular aircraft .  the faa urges caution in expanding the use of pilotless planes in the united states .  an faa official told a house subcommittee that the agency must make conservative decisions on the issu .
 oil platform explodes in gulf of mexico ; 11 injured , 2 missing <sec> about 28 gallons of fuel spilled , coast guard official says .  11 injured , including four critically .  the platform is for production and not drilling , authorities say .  the fire has been put out , the houston-based firm in charge of the platform say .
 review : 'in bruges ' much bluster , too little bite <sec> `` in bruges '' about two hitmen cooling heels in bruges , belgium .  colin farrell , brendan gleeson star as main characters .  reviewer : film has clever moments , but often excessive without poin .
 garner prosecutor gets gop endorsement for grimm 's seat <sec> dan donovan , the prosecutor in the eric garner case , is the staten island gop 's pick for michael grimm 's seat .  the seat is a top democratic target now that grimm has resigned .  some national republicans are concerned donovan 's involvement in the garner case could be problemati .
 this is how david hockney became the world 's preeminent ipad artist <sec> david hockney has long incorporated new media into his work .  his fascination with technology led him to investigate how old masters used it .  hockney 's latest show , a bigger exhibition , looks at how he embraced tech innovatio .
 all blacks battle past italy in san siro <sec> new zealand all blacks beat italy 20-6 in rugby union international .  a massive crowd of 80,000 watched the game in san siro stadium .  england and scotland register wins over argentina and fiji .  france score superb win over world champions south afric .
 mass killings largely ignored in 2 nigerian states , rights group says <sec> rights group : nigerian authorities are not doing enough to investigate mass killings .  human rights watch report focuses on kaduna and plateau states in central nigeria .  intercommunal violence has claimed more than 10,000 lives there since 1992 , report says .  nigeria 's police force has not commented on the criticism in the repor .
 report : myanmar hiv/aids treatment crisis deepens <sec> hiv/aids treatment in myanmar needs to improve drastically says a report .  more than 25,000 people will die this year if these people do n't get treatment .  doctors without borders is almost the sole supplier of aid and need funding .  government and international community need to give more mone .
 beckham reveals 'sacrifice ' of psg stay <sec> beckham speaks of the sacrifice he suffers being in paris while his family are in london .  psg star calls barca one of the best teams in history and rates messi above cristiano ronaldo .  former england captain speaks of his hopes of adding to his 115 international cap .
 egypt cabinet ministers sworn in <sec> seven ministers from former pm 's cabinet will continue jobs under new leadership .  head of the supreme council of the armed forces will continue to lead ministry of defense .  analysts say the new cabinet lacks diversity , reflects continuity rather than change .  but new prime minister says the only criterion for selection was competenc .
 chavez : smiles , handshakes do n't change view of 'imperialist ' u.s . <sec> venezuelan president in tv interview : [ u.s. ] `` empire is there , alive and kicking '' .  friendly exchanges with obama did n't change his view of u.s. , chavez says .  chavez : `` i hope obama ... may be the last president of an imperialist united states .
 chicago cop : one punch got me five years <sec> mike mette , a chicago police officer , is heading to prison this november .  he says he was acting in self-defense when he punched jake gotthard .  doctors testified gotthard appeared as though he had been stomped , kicked .  mette , currently on unpaid leave , is appealing the court 's decisio .
 a-rod denies plea deal with league , focuses instead on his 'a-game ' <sec> alex rodriguez says there 's nothing going on regarding any plea negotiations .  media accounts say his representatives have met with mlb about discipline .  rodriguez is accused in media reports of using performance-enhancing drugs .  rodriguez had off-season hip surgery but hits a homer in a 2-for-4 minor league gam .
 nfl concussions settlement : judge gives preliminary approval <sec> about 5,000 former players have sued the nfl over concussion issues .  the league agreed to no cap on the amount of money to be paid out .  a judge will issue her final ruling after a hearing in november .  active players are not included in the settlemen .
 sanford police chief : neighborhood watch programs need 'good , hard look ' <sec> richard myers , a 35-year veteran , is expected to serve for three to five months .  sanford police have been under a microscope since the killing of trayvon martin .  myers wants to strengthen police relationship with the black communit .
 'walmart of weed ' to open in arizona , promote growing your own <sec> the wegrow firm will open its third superstore in phoenix on wednesday .  it openly sells marijuana-growing equipment but not the drug itself .  the state of arizona has asked a federal court to rule on the legality of medical cannabis .  arizona voters approved medical marijuana in novembe .
 fallout continues over smartphone tracking app <sec> fallout continues over smartphone info-tracking app .  many smartphone users express concern over carrier iq .  researchers say the app can track keystrokes , web surfing and other user behavior .  some analysts say concerns about the app are overblow .
 meb keflezighi is american , and so am i <sec> some have said boston marathon winner meb keflezighi is not truly american .  haimy assefa writes that she faced similar questions of her identity when she arrived from ethiopia .  `` i am black . .  i am ethiopian . .  i am american , '' author write .
 china denies report , says it did not sell weapons to libya <sec> new : gadhafi spokesman urges libyans `` not to surrender to the gangs '' .  new : britain reopens mission in tripoli .  documents suggest gadhafi sought weapons from china .  china says its companies did not sell arms to liby .
 the audacity of romney 's etch a sketch <sec> john avlon : romney 's effectiveness overshadowed his many flip-flops .  he says gop candidate broke with his more conservative positions , aimed for the center .  president obama failed to make an effective case for his policies , avlon says .  avlon : romney shone when he discussed the generational theft of deficits and deb .
 boat that can 'think ' to cross atlantic unmanned <sec> university students at eth zurich have designed and built a robotic boat .  the boat needs no sailors and uses sensors to sail in changing conditions .  it is hoped the yacht will sail autonomously across the atlantic ocean .  if it succeeds it would be the first atlantic crossing by an unmanned boa .
 'star wars ' sequel : harrison ford open to idea of han solo role <sec> harrison ford is open to the idea of acting in the 2015 `` star wars '' sequel .  now 70 , the actor would bring han solo back to life .  ford wo n't go to the next level in talks until a director and script are in place .  but for fans , his `` upbeat '' attitude about it is enough to shock and excit .
 bollywood star shilpa shetty 's husband in india cricket scandal <sec> senior indian premier league figures arrested over illegal betting .  raj kundra , a co-owner of rajasthan royals , was detained on thursday .  kundra is the husband of bollywood actress shilpa shetty .  mumbai indians won the 2013 ipl , beating chennai super kings in the fina .
