 jorge lorenzo holds off marc marquez to win thrilling british motogp <sec> jorge lorenzo ends the winning streak of marc marquez by capturing the british motogp .  in a tense finish , marquez overtook lorenzo but was then caught by his fellow spaniard .  marquez raced despite suffering a dislocated shoulder in the warm-up at silverstone .  despite placing second , marquez increases his lead in the individual standing .
 prince harry visits angola to see mine clearance efforts <sec> prince harry 's visit to angola echoes one made by his mother shortly before her 1997 death .  the prince 's private visit is in support of the halo trust , an international demining charity .  he will meet demining teams , tour minefields and meet those helped by the trust 's work .  prince harry 's visit will include a stop in the heavily-mined town of cuito cuanaval .
 place of 'miracle ' for afghanistan 's amputees <sec> photojournalist james nachtwey talks about the kabul orthopedic center .  he went there on behalf of the international committee of the red cross .  his photos appear in a global icrc exhibition `` our world -- at war '' .  it 's part of the our world . .  your move . .  campaign to mark 150 years of the red cros .
 kennedy takes with him a time and an era <sec> ted kennedy became the patriarch of the family at age 36 .  kennedy had unsuccessful presidential career but found redemption in the senate .  even before his death , colleagues mourned his absence in health care debat .
 dalai lama pleads for peaceful dialogue on tibet <sec> dalai lama : `` i have no desire to seek tibet 's separation '' .  dalai lama : protesters seek `` meaningful self-rule '' while remaining a part of china .  violence erupted amid protests for tibetan independence earlier this month .  bush says he `` urged restraint '' during a phone call with china 's presiden .
 former japanese leader : 'i felt fear ' during nuclear crisis <sec> kan says his government refused the help of u.s. nuclear experts .  tepco wanted to evacuate its power plant during the meltdown , he says .  `` the safest nuclear policy is not to have any nuclear plants , '' according to kan .  kan testified before a parliamentary panel monda .
 congress likes drones , but now looks at flip side of use <sec> police , homeland security , businesses see growing market for drones domestically .  concerns about safety , operations and privacy if drones proliferate in united states .  congress recognizes anticipated drone market ; bill would spell out certain use .
 prominent iranian literary translator missing , source says <sec> mohammed soleimani nia has n't been seen since wednesday , a source says .  he disappeared while responding to a call from authorities , the source says .  earlier this year , soleimani nia was detained on unknown charges .  he was held at iran 's notorious evin prison , and released in ma .
 biden announces $ 53 billion high-speed rail plan <sec> the obama administration is proposing to spend $ 53 billion more on high-speed rail .  the investment would be made over the next six years .  the proposal may face a cool reception among gop leaders worried about federal spendin .
 possible reprieve for louisiana family 's beloved pit bull <sec> village 's `` vicious dogs ban on pit bulls and rottweilers may be on hold .  family had started petition asking village to reverse ban .  family fears zeus will be taken from them pursuant to village ordnance .  zeus provides children with love and support , they sa .
 london 's olympic security headache <sec> the government is deploying 18,200 troops to make up for a shortfall in security guards .  one headache is safeguarding more than 100 visiting heads of state and foreign dignitaries .  private security contractor g4s has failed to recruit and accredit enough security staff .  fighter jets are on standby , and a helicopter carrier is moored in the thame .
 congressional negotiators announce agreement on $ 662 billion defense bill <sec> detainee language is structured to avoid a possible veto by obama .  the bill has a national security waiver regarding detainees .  president could transfer a suspect from military to civilian custody .  house could take up the bill as early as wednesda .
 no letters on saturday wo n't save postal service <sec> rick geddes : u.s . .  postal service wo n't deliver first-class mail on saturdays to cut costs .  geddes says it 's a good move , but postal service must be upgraded to survive .  he says other nations have ended mail monopolies , empowered postal services .  geddes : postal service has real estate assets , could be transformed for today 's worl .
 giants beat rangers to win world series <sec> san francisco giants beat texas rangers 3-1 to win best-of-seven world series 4-1 .  calfornia-based giants ended fans ' 56-year wait for a championship pennant .  it is the franchise 's sixth in total but first since it moved from new york in 1958 .  rangers were playing in the first world series final of the team 's 50-year histor .
 former mexican kingpin is sentenced to 25 years in u.s. prison <sec> benjamin arellano felix also is ordered to forfeit $ 100 million .  he pleaded guilty to racketeering and conspiracy to launder money .  arellano felix is the former leader of the tijuana drug cartel .  his lawyer says the sentencing is a disappointmen .
 murray sent crashing in indian wells <sec> fourth seed andy murray beaten in his opening match in indian wells event .  briton murray suffers a 6-4 6-2 reverse to guillermo garcia-lopez of spain .  defending champions novak djokovic and caroline wozniacki both go throug .
 pot politics could shape florida governor 's race <sec> polls show democrat charlie crist and his republican rick scott are neck-and-neck .  scott is the current governor of florida , crist is former governor .  observers say democrats are hoping a medical marijuana initiative could help crist .  it could `` bring out a set of voters ( not ) likely to vote in a midterm election , '' says a reporte .
 fires burn across detroit as high winds knock down power lines <sec> the fire department responded to 140 calls for wires down .  fire crews from dearborn , warren and harper woods assisted .  high winds are believed to have knocked down power line .
 west coast dockworkers reach deal <sec> contract is for five years , awaits vote of union members .  port of oakland officials say it could be weeks before things get back to normal .  operations have been affected at 29 port .
 man seen toppling boulder claims 'debilitating injuries ' <sec> someone with a bad back `` does n't ... push a big rock , '' suit 's defendant says .  the men defended their actions , saying the rock was dangerously unstable .  all three have been booted from their boy scout leadership role .
 life sentence closes oldest cold case <sec> man sentenced to life in 1957 kidnapping and murder of 7-year-old girl .  case is believed to be the oldest cold case to go to trial and result in a conviction .  jack daniel mccullough , now 73 , continues to assert his innocence .  victim 's brother : `` this has been a nightmare .
 uzbek man pleads guilty in plot to kill obama <sec> ulugbek kodirov faces up to 15 years behind bars .  he sought help to either shoot the president or kill him with explosives , an affidavit says .  kodirov pleaded guilty to supporting terrorist activity and threatening to kill the president .  he also pleaded guilty to illegal possession of an automatic weapo .
 hunters may have found missing iowa cousins <sec> new : a mother says the bodies are those of her daughter and niece .  two bodies have been found in iowa near where two girls disappeared in july .  the bodies were headed to the state medical examiner for identification .  `` it 's looking like the outcome was not the one that we wanted , '' sheriff 's deputy say .
 pop-up hotels : catch them while you can <sec> the last two years have seen an increase in pop-up hotel chains .  unlike traditional hotels , these can set up at festivals and special events .  architectural firm looking to set up hotels in empty office buildings in new yor .
 lisa loeb expecting second child <sec> lisa loeb will welcome their second child in june .  `` i 'm excited for lyla to have a sibling '' loeb tells people .  loeb also designs frames for her eyewear collectio .
 rosberg wins monaco gp <sec> mercedes ' nico rosberg wins monaco gp .  held off teammate lewis hamilton in second place .  the two had clashed during qualifying .  rosberg replaces hamilton in drivers championshi .
 ferrari team principal stefano domenicali : no rift with fernando alonso <sec> stefano domenicali denies a rift with ferrari driver fernando alonso .  ferrari team principal domenicali also rejects claims he is not up to the task .  alonso is second in the drivers ' standings , 46 points behind sebastian vettel .  domenicali would not be drawn on ferrari 's rumored interest in kimi raikkone .
 blasts in baghdad kill at least 63 <sec> new : journalists group criticizes closure of tv offices .  shiite neighborhoods are hit in a wave of explosions .  the explosions struck areas across the city .  u.s. has received no requests for support , military say .
 gary coleman in jail over outstanding warrant <sec> gary coleman arrested in utah county , utah ; actor had outstanding warrant .  coleman could get out of jail by posting $ 1,725 bail , police say .  police : actor 's home visited in response to civil disturbance call , but no criminal charges file .
 meningitis outbreak : what is a compounding pharmacy ? <sec> new : the cdc says 14,000 people may have received contaminated injections .  170 people have been sickened , 14 have died in outbreak .  pharmaceutical compounding is a common practice , experts say .  only 1 % to 3 % of all prescriptions dispensed in the united states are compounde .
 paula deen 's sons : she 's no racist <sec> new : it 's `` absurd '' to think there 's racism in the family business , jamie deen says .  new : in deposition , paula deen spoke of `` southern style '' event with black men in white jackets .  the food network and smithfield foods have dropped her .  paula deen has apologized in a vide .
 north korea 's kim jong un visits dmz for the first time <sec> the visit comes amid recent threats of a `` sacred war '' against south korea and the united states .  the united states says joint military drills with south korea are defensive in nature .  the north accuses the south of writing defamatory words under pictures of kim jong il and kim il sung .  south korea : it 's important for soldiers `` to be armed with a proper mindset against the enemy .
 keith urban show rape charge dismissed <sec> the suspect 's lawyer says it `` was a consensual act , not a sexual assault '' .  the incident happened in front of a large crowd on the xfinity center lawn .  people recorded what happened on their cell phones and provided video to authorities .  `` this was a private act that regrettably occurred in a public place , '' attorney say .
 we dare you to take a real vacation <sec> most americans who get vacation time do n't use all of it because of their workload .  some 59 % of u.s. employees have access to paid time off .  workplaces can benefit from the coordination required to give everyone time of .
 couple who adopted 12 children slain <sec> eight children found in home with slain parents , authorities say .  byrd and melanie billings had adopted 12 children .  parents were found shot to death in their florida home , near pensacola .  surveillance video shows three men in a red van entering property before death .
 other man accused in petit slayings graphically describes killings <sec> new : `` i swung again , and then again '' .  portions of letter from joshua komisarjevsky read in court .  defense : komisarjevsky , who is to be tried separately , was `` the mastermind '' .  hayes was convicted of capital murder in the 2007 home invasio .
 scientists analyze blood to test for toxic airplane air exposure <sec> results of scientist 's research could expand recognition of `` bleed air '' .  bleed air is air that passes through the engines of a plane , then into cabin .  boeing and faa say air quality on airplanes is as good as in office or home .  flight attendant terry williams believes she is a victim of fumes in cabin ai .
 ecuador 's correa defends decision to grant asylum to wikileaks ' assange <sec> ecuadorian president rafael correa says great britain 's behavior is `` unacceptable '' .  `` they do n't realize latin america is free and sovereign , '' he says .  julian assange has been holed up inside the ecuadorian embassy in london since june .  ecuador granted asylum to assange , but the u.k. does not recognize i .
 israeli court : american protester rachel corrie 's death an accident <sec> a plo member denounces the israeli court ruling .  the corrie family 's attorney says they intend to appeal .  prosecutor 's office : rachel corrie 's death is tragic , but the driver did n't see her .  corrie died in 2003 trying to block a bulldozer from razing palestinian home .
 yellowstone fire grows ; park still open <sec> new : fire no danger to visitors , but they 'll notice smoke , park service says .  the arnica fire started september 13 , was n't noticed until 10 days later .  fire has prompted closure of main road through park .  lightning sparked fire , officials sa .
 report : dennis rodman reveals name of kim jong un 's baby daughter <sec> new : `` basketball diplomacy '' event announced .  he reportedly says that kim 's daughter 's name is ju ae .  rodman has just returned from his second visit to north korea this year .  a north korea expert says it 's too early to talk about whether the baby is a likely hei .
 pakistan continues taliban crackdown <sec> pakistani military intensifies drive against taliban in restive tribal regions .  recent military operation has resulted in more than 180 militant casualties .  has not stopped u.s. unmanned drone attacks on pakistan 's soil .  barack obama `` gravely concerned about the situation in pakistan .
 facebook-instagram deal highlights zuckerberg 's hacker spirit <sec> facebook-instagram deal provides a glimpse of zuckerberg 's hacker spirit .  the billion-dollar deal was negotiated almost exclusively by zuckerberg , wsj says .  ceo-only negoitations are n't unheard of , but have risks , cnn 's ali velshi says .  once facebook goes public , such deals may become a thing of the pas .
 applying 'hunger games ' lessons to your workplace <sec> learn how to survive a stressful work environment from 'the hunger games ' .  know what you 're good at and hone that skill .  seek out an untraditional mentor and stand up for what you believe i .
 outcry as washington businessman gets work-release after 7 duis <sec> joseph shaun goodman 's seventh dui is a misdemeanor under washington state law .  he drove his ferrari above 90 mph fleeing police , crashing into two cars and a house .  judge gives goodman work-release because jailing him would hurt his employees .  protesters charge that `` wealthy are playing by a different set of rules .
 cdc : u.s. kids with autism up 78 % in past decade <sec> one in 88 u.s. kids thought to be autistic , cdc says ; for boys it 's 1 in 54 .  why ? .  better , broader diagnosis , better awareness , and `` 50 % of 'we do n't know , '' expert says . .  advocate : there is an epidemic of autism in the united states . .  autistic teen frankie sanders shows benefits of early detectio .
 'for ladies only ' a new stop for mexico city buses <sec> passengers on female-only buses describe their commutes as more pleasant .  seven complaints of sexual abuse aboard mexico city buses made last year .  single-sex service is available on four major lines in mexican capita .
 adebayor full of praise for real madrid coach mourinho <sec> emmanuel adebayor has praised the impact of real madrid coach jose mourinho .  mourinho signed adebayor on loan from manchester city for the rest of the season .  real madrid have an option to make the loan move permanent in the summer .  adeabyor has already scored two goals for his new club and is settling in wel .
 opinion : americans dying for al qaeda <sec> u.s. citizen moner abu-salha commits suicide on behalf of al qaeda in a syria bombing attack .  peter bergen says other americans and europeans have sought to join civil war in syria .  u.s. officials fear syria is breeding new group of terrorists who might turn against the west .  bergen : suspect in brussels museum killings traveled to syria last year , prosecutor say .
 stop finger-pointing on gas prices <sec> frank verrastro and j. robinson west say politics has sown confusion on high gas prices .  the authors say presidents have little to do with spiking gas prices .  for $ 2.50 a gallon gas , crude oil would be $ 50 a barrel , likely due to global collapse , they say .  writers : obama 's `` all-of-the-above '' energy approach makes sense ; finger-pointing doesn ' .
 turkish hostage released in lebanon <sec> the freed turkish hostage appears on local lebanese television .  his kidnapping shows the syrian conflict seeping into lebanon .  he was held hostage in response to an alleged rebel kidnapping .  `` we wanted to put pressure by kidnapping people , '' a clan spokesman say .
 russia 's bleak picture of health <sec> russian men face startlingly low average life expectancy of just 60 years .  alcohol and tobacco use contributing to rise of heart disease and cancer .  health facilities not equipped to deal with high levels of chronic conditions .  tell cnn what you think about russia and its resurgenc .
 serena williams triumphs in u.s. open at flushing meadows <sec> serena williams retains u.s. open title at flushing meadows .  beats victoria azarenka in final 7-5 6-7 6-1 .  17th grand slam title for the 31 year old american .  leander paes of india sets grand slam milestone in men 's double .
 howard stern will bring sleaze to 'america 's got talent , ' group warns <sec> new : howard stern releases video of audience members at a taping in his defense .  stern will likely bring explicit content to `` america 's got talent , '' a group warns .  the parents television council aims to protect children from excess in entertainment .  stern is scheduled to debut as a judge on may 1 .
 teen sensation lydia ko signs with img agency <sec> teenage golf sensation lydia ko signs with sports management firm img .  ko is the youngest winner in lpga tour history .  the south-korean born new zealander has racked up five pro wins already .  the 16-year-old will join the lpga tour in 201 .
 king : bus route closing devastates disabled couple <sec> for some st. louis area residents , loss of bus service would be devastating .  paticularly hurt would be physcially handicapped and the working poor .  stimulus money can be used to build projects but not operational costs .  says disabled woman : `` that does n't seem like what ( president ) obama wants .
 are you on meerkat yet ? <sec> join meerkat founder ben rubin for a live chat at 2 p.m . .  et wednesday .  follow @ benrbn and @ lauriesegallcnn on meerkat .  use hashtag # cnninstantstartups to join the conversation on twitte .
 'nba 2k15 ' face scans create mutant horrors <sec> 'nba 2k15 ' face scan feature is leading to amusing , horrifying images .  the game was released today to long lines and great reviews .  feature is meant to let players create a character with their own fac .
 law firm : jackson had slight pulse when doctor found him <sec> dr. conrad murray found jackson not breathing but with a slight pulse .  murray believed to be last person to see michael jackson alive .  jackson 's father concerned about his son 's last moments .  police conduct `` extensive interview '' with murra .
 if you like choice in health care , look to republicans <sec> scott atlas : as america 's population ages , millions more qualify for medicare .  he says the affordable care act is putting the majority of newly insured under medicaid .  atlas : well over 100 million will be covered by government programs that offer less choice .  gop health care changes would offer more choice , more access to technology , he say .
 cuba continues repression , rights group says <sec> the report , titled `` new castro , same cuba '' says raul castro has been `` just as brutal as his brother fidel '' .  cuba accused of jailing people before they have committed any crime , on suspicion they are likely to commit an offense .  says regime also enforces political conformity through beatings , short-term detention , public acts of repudiation .  report based on 60 interviews researchers conducted in person in cuba and on the telephone from new yor .
 appeals court allows same-sex marriage bans <sec> u.s. court of appeals for the sixth circuit reverses rulings striking down 4 bans .  the ruling could force the supreme court to take up the heated issue .  reaction pours i .
 store defends flag likened to ku klux klan outfit <sec> british supermarket asda unveils hooded flag for world cup fans .  critics claim the flag resembles ku klux klan outfit .  asda defends the product and says it is nothing more than a fla .
 facebook releases poke app for self-destructing messages <sec> facebook has released a new , free app for ios called facebook poke .  it lets users discreetly send messages , photos and videos that are deleted in a few seconds .  the poke app is inspired by the snapchat app , which is often used to send sexual image .
