 photographer captures beauty around the world <sec> a romanian photographer looks for beauty around the world .  she 's traveled to 37 countries for her atlas of beauty projec .
 karzai , family under pressure from taliban attacks , u.s. probes <sec> karzai says tearfully , `` i have pain in my heart '' .  the president is facing a drumbeat of criticism .  news report emerges about probe of a brothe .
 'batman : arkham city ' is bigger , bolder , better <sec> the game spins off the end of `` arkham asylum '' .  storyline is filled with intrigue and drama ; fighting skills alone wo n't work .  catwoman is a playable character , with her own adventures and upgrades .  `` arkham city '' is a great mix of classic characters , new highlight .
 isis sets new prisoner handover deadline , post claims <sec> captive jordanian pilot 's father pleads for his release .  the sun sets thursday in the middle east , but the fates of 2 isis hostages are unclear .  japanese hostage 's wife pleads to japanese and jordanian government .
 key points of obama 's strategy for afghanistan <sec> extra 30,000 u.s. troops to secure uncovered areas , help afghan security forces train .  troop buildup just one strategy to achieve goals in afghanistan , obama says .  u.s. also to pursue more effective civilian strategy , obama says .  better partnership with pakistan also essential , obama say .
 france : we 're not the pacifists you think we are <sec> france 's refusal to commit forces to iraq in 2003 was interpreted as a pacifist doctrine .  french foreign policy attempts to balance two sometimes conflicting goals , says blanquer .  he says france has to take into account importance of migrants from former colonies .  french intervention was desired by most malians in france , writes blanque .
 what 's wrong with affirmative action -- and why we need it <sec> lz granderson : a lot of black professionals -- like me -- do n't like affirmative action .  why ? .  because some whites think we got our jobs solely because of our race , he says .  `` some think the word diversity is a euphemism for 'anything but white , ' but i do n't , '' he says .  granderson : the reasons for affirmative action 's creation are still with us , so we still need i .
 cornell west and tavis smiley are wrong -- obama has n't failed the poor <sec> cornel west , tavis smiley critical of obama 's first term .  etan thomas rejects view that obama has failed .  he says president has directed aid to those in need .  thomas : if obama loses , the poor will get much less hel .
 villa on target as barcelona snatch last-gasp win at sevilla <sec> fabregas scores brace as barcelona come back from 2-0 down to win 3-2 at sevilla .  malaga move up to second with a thumping 4-0 win over real betis ; valencia beat zaragoza 2-0 .  in serie a , juventus extend lead at top of table with a 4-1 win over roma ; ac milan draw 1-1 at parm .
 paris attack came after months of unprecedented threat <sec> most deadly islamist terrorist attack ever in france followed weeks of warnings from french officials .  the threat of a terrorist attack in the eu is greater than at any time since 9/11 , officials say .  support for isis runs deep among disenfranchised immigrant communitie .
 suspect claims 'victory ' in closing of slain doctor 's clinic <sec> in jail interview with cnn , suspect scott roeder admits no guilt in tiller slaying .  but roeder says if he 's convicted , `` motive was the defense of the unborn '' .  roeder is charged in death of dr. george tiller , who performed late-term abortions .  family is shutting tiller 's clinic permanently , lawyer say .
 commentary : simple hiv test can save lives <sec> fenton : testing is essential to reducing the number of new hiv infections .  many who get tested are relieved when they find out they are negative after all .  those who are positive can prolong their lives and ensure the health of loved one .
 american ebola patient released from nebraska hospital <sec> dr. rick sacra , an american ebola patient in nebraska , is released from a medical center .  sacra received plasma from a survivor and an experimental drug .  he has been declared free of the ebola viru .
 brain-eating parasite case : florida boy 's organs donated <sec> new : zachary reyna 's organs have been donated , facebook page says .  the boy fell ill after playing in a water-filled ditch near his florida home .  doctors later determined he had a rare brain-eating amoeba .  they tried an experimental drug also used for an arkansas girl , who survive .
 more than 100 die in somalia clashes <sec> government forces are fighting a rebel group in somalia 's capital , mogadishu .  somali officials say 103 people have been killed , hundreds more wounded .  rebel fighters want a stricter form of sharia law introduced in somalia .  fighting started in early may , rebels say they 're recruiting more supporter .
 how do you manage 2 million hajj pilgrims ? <sec> tuesday marked the last day of the hajj , the annual pilgrimage that draws over two million muslim pilgrims .  this year there were 180 ambulances , 22,000 health care professionals and 19,000 units of blood on standby .  to safeguard against the possibility of terrorism , officials installed thousands of cctv cameras throughout saudi arabi .
 australian swine flu spike could force who pandemic declaration <sec> australian cases of the h1n1 virus reach more than 1,200 .  phase 6 is highest on pandemic alert system and means global pandemic .  designation does not reflect the severity of the disease , but how widespread it i .
 your e-mails : remembering 9/11 heroes <sec> sixth anniversary of 9/11 being marked in new york , washington , pennsylvania .  cnn.com readers share thoughts and memories of 9/11 heroes .  i-report : share your photos , memories of 9/11 heroe .
 raspberry pi + arduino = udoo <sec> udoo seeks to combine the power of four raspberry pis and arduino in a mini pc .  it is intended to be a powerful prototyping board for software development and design .  udoo will be able to run with either android or linux .  the project has received $ 95,000 in six days on kickstarte .
 from drug addict to yoga instructor <sec> vinnie marino struggled with drug addiction for years .  today , he 's one of the hottest yoga teachers in los angeles .  `` enjoy right now and be as kind to others as you can , '' he say .
 mh370 lost in indian ocean , malaysian pm announces <sec> `` with deep sadness ... .  i must inform you that ... mh370 ended '' in indian ocean , pm says .  najib says malaysia airlines has spoken to passengers ' and crews ' families .  prime minister says data came from inmarsat and british accident investigation boar .
 returning to smoldering ruins of re-captured syrian town <sec> pro-assad forces re-took city on lebanese border from the rebels .  strategically located along main highway connecting damascus to syria 's coast .  george , a christian , was caught up in what is becoming a sectarian conflict .  he says much of the damage in the city was caused by islamist rebel .
 demand for superyachts on the rise <sec> the british market for superyachts grew more than 15 percent last year .  after a year of steep declines , sales for new yacht constructions are picking up .  the monaco yacht show is fully-booked this week , showing renewed interest .  hermes teams up with wally to build $ 145 million ultra luxury yach .
 widow of ex-kgb agent litvinenko wants expanded probe into his death <sec> widow of alexander litvinenko says an expanded investigation would bring justice .  that proceeding is called a `` public inquiry '' in britain .  the coroner asks for a public inquiry instead of an inquest .  national security matters can be discussed behind closed doors in public inquir .
 with not much in mickey rooney 's estate , fight possible over remains <sec> new : rooney 's lawyer doubts a deal can be reached out of court on where he 'll be buried .  rooney 's wife is the only person with authority to claim his body , her lawyer says .  a hearing is set for friday to decide who controls remains .  rooney left his estate to stepson mark roone .
 7 amazing things we learned during the hacking trial <sec> jurors returned their verdicts in the uk 's 8-month-long phone hacking trial on june 23 .  journalist martin hickman is writing a book on the trial and has been inside the court .  he says revelations included that journalists had rooted through bins for stories .  prosecutors said two of news of the world 's senior executives had had an affai .
 a 'tax day ' americans could love ? <sec> in november , all tax returns of every citizen are made public in finland on `` tax day '' .  edward mccaffery : even most zealous foes of privacy are committed to privacy of tax returns .  he says despite the great recession and financial crisis , our tax system is unchanged .  mccaffery : even with income inequality at unimaginable levels , there 's no impact on tax polic .
 regulators approve new insect-based flu vaccine <sec> unlike other flu vaccines , flublok does n't rely on eggs or the influenza virus .  instead , it 's made by growing a virus protein in insect cells .  this allows for more rapid production in the event of a pandemic , the fda says .  the vaccine is available in limited supplies during the current flu seaso .
 opinion : stop talking to your car <sec> clifford nass : more of our brain is devoted to speech than anything else ; we love to talk .  nass : talking to technology in your car is not natural and it confuses your brain .  he says even with hands on wheel and eyes on road , talking to your car impairs driving .  nass : your brain works to fill in the blanks talking to an entity you ca n't see and does n't liste .
 google struggles to give away $ 10 million <sec> google promised $ 10 million to the best ideas for using technology to improve the world .  google announced the contest in 2008 -- they have yet to announce the winners .  google reported revenue of $ 6.77 billion for the first quarter of this yea .
 romney no friend on women 's health <sec> cecile richards : women 's health week a good time to remember women should get checkup .  she says women 's preventive health care crucial : birth control , cancer screening , checkups .  romney wants to strike down health reform act , `` get rid of '' planned parenthood , she says .  richards : unintended pregnancies cost taxpayers $ 11 billion/yea .
 netanyahu has crossed the point of no return on iran <sec> benjamin netanyahu 's open conflict with president obama over iran has served as blow to u.s.-israeli relationship , says trita parsi .  parsi : conflict has also damaged israel 's otherwise arguably successful iran policy by painting country into corner .  over course of past 18 months , netanyahu government has made iran all about israel , parsi argue .
 review : 'lincoln ' brilliantly dramatizes delicacy of politics <sec> day-lewis ' performance has a beautiful gravitas , yet there 's nothing too severe about it .  he gives lincoln a surprisingly plainspoken , reedy high voice that retains the courtly cadences of the south .  `` lincoln '' brilliantly dramatizes the delicacy of politics , along with the raw brutality of i .
 former justice minister files paternity suit <sec> dati says desseigne is the father of her daughter , who was born in 2009 .  desseigne says he was n't dati 's only lover at that time .  the president of the lucien barriere casino group refuses to take a dna test .  dati now serves as a european parliament deputy and mayor of a paris distric .
 group sought wedge between blacks , gays to fight same-sex marriage <sec> group has campaigned against same-sex marriage .  memos sought a `` wedge '' between gays and blacks over issue .  organization also wanted traditional marriage to become a `` key badge '' of latino identity .  human rights campaign decries `` ethnically divisive '' effort .
 columnist : snowden has more documents that could hurt u.s . <sec> glenn greenwald was one of the journalists who broke the original story .  he says edward snowden has other documents .  snowden has given copies of the papers to several people , journalist say .
 two luxury shoe designers can keep their red soles <sec> an appeals court says christian louboutin can enforce its red-lacquered sole trademark .  but the trademark applies only if the sole color contrasts with the color of the rest of the shoe .  the trademark does not apply to monochromatic shoes , such as designs by yves st. laurent .  a lawsuit that louboutin filed in june 2011 took issue with four specific ysl shoe .
 isis militants march on despite airstrikes , outrage <sec> new : the family of captive john cantlie calls on isis to re-establish direct contact .  the islamic state in iraq and syria is moving fast .  isis attacks send shock waves among iraqi forces fighting the militants .  iraqi forces and anbar tribesmen threaten to flee if the u.s. military does not interven .
 paul mccartney ca n't slow down <sec> paul mccartney released his 24th post-beatles album , `` new '' .  in a new interview , he reveals how john lennon still influences his music writing .  mccartney explains his reconciliation with yoko on .
 al sharpton blasts report on unpaid taxes - cnnpolitics.com <sec> a new york times report says that rev . .  al sharpton owes $ 4.5 million in state and federal taxes .  the civil rights leader and msnbc host strongly pushed back in a press conference .  he said he 's been making payments since 2008 and owes less , but did n't say how muc .
 newsquiz : week of april 1 <sec> use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student news .  write your answers in the space provided .  today 's newsquiz includes the media literacy question of the da .
 clingy rescued sea turtle finally gets new home <sec> caton the loggerhead sea turtle has been at a georgia rescue center for 3 years .  she was found stranded and severely debilitated in 2009 .  staff tried to release her 3 times , but she came back each time .  they finally found a home for her at sea world in orland .
 siblings ' fight over mlk estate set for trial <sec> bernice king , martin luther king iii accuse brother of taking estate funds for own use .  dexter king , administrator of martin luther king jr. estate , denies accusations .  dexter king files countersuit , wants sister to turn over mother 's personal papers .  judge 's order says `` the court is extremely troubled .
 'the voice ' coaches excited for changes <sec> the competition is adding an element called `` the steal '' .  coaches will have the option of picking up a contestant another coach has dropped .  levine says the coaches have left the rockiest moments behind the .
 opinion : changing media conversation about women 's bodies <sec> cameron russell , a model known for her tedx talk about beauty , helps launch magazine .  initially a webzine , interrupt magazine invites diverse voices to join the media .  russell invites public to visit art lab called `` you are a genius '' to explore more .  russell : critical voices from women , people of color missing from important conversation .
 hasidic nypd recruit says he was fired over beard length <sec> fishel litzman was asked to leave the police academy friday , his attorney says .  litzman is an orthodox hasidic jew .  the nypd says it makes reasonable accommodations for beard .
 study : smoking pot may ease chronic pain <sec> smoking small amounts of marijuana could help relieve people with chronic pain .  marijuana helps pain patients fall asleep more easily and sleep more soundly .  the highest dose of thc yielded the best results .  medical marijuana is n't ready to become a mainstream chronic pain treatmen .
 nazi suspect 's deportation appeal rejected <sec> ukrainian-born john demjanjuk loses an appeal to avoid deportation .  german authorities seek him for alleged involvement in nazi camp killings .  the retired autoworker denies all allegations .  demjanjuk , 89 , lives with his wife in cleveland , ohi .
 northern lights dazzle northern hemisphere <sec> lights have been particularly stunning in 2013 due to sun 's peak in its 11 year solar cycle .  ireporters from iceland , u.s. sent images .  lights described as `` overwhelming '' by one ireporte .
 thousands evacuated after volcano in nicaragua erupts <sec> residents say the volcano spewed a lot of ash , darkened the sky .  san cristobal volcano erupted saturday , a government agency reports .  three explosions send gas and ashes more than two miles into the sky .  the volcano 's last known eruption was last year , smithsonian say .
 survivors shocked after double attack <sec> victims of bus bomb , hospital attack in pakistan defiant and shocked .  many of the victims were the first women in the families to go to university .  one suffering burns , a broken leg and cuts says she will continue her education .  despite extensive injuries she manages a smile at the thought of becoming a teache .
 tulsa shooting suspects confessed , police documents show <sec> new : police believe alvin watts killed two of three victims , documents show .  police documents say jake england told investigators he shot three people .  england posted a profane message last week about a black man killing his father .  prosecutors are evaluating the possibility of hate crime charge .
 mackenzie phillips : 'i understand this is a difficult thing ' <sec> mackenzie phillips talks about family 's reaction to her claims of incest .  sister bijou called experience hurtful but hopes mackenzie finds peace .  john phillips ' ex-wives do n't think mackenzie 's story is valid .  chynna phillips believes mackenzie , hopes she uses her experience to help other .
 defense : judge was trying to mentor , not paddle , inmates <sec> defense lawyer : ex-alabama judge was mentoring inmates , not seeking sex .  ex-judge herman thomas accused of paddling inmates in exchange for leniency .  eleven alleged victims and 51 counts involved after some cases dismissed .  thomas has denied allegation .
 german president will not attend olympics in russia <sec> new : spokesman for german president wo n't discuss his reasons for skipping the games .  president joachim gauck will not attend olympics in sochi .  it 's a protest over human rights and harassment of the opposition , der spiegel reports .  it would make him the first major political figure to boycott the game .
 how secure is your electronic vote ? <sec> experts say voting security in the u.s. is improving , but there 's work to do .  about 45 million americans will cast an electronic ballot with no paper trail .  `` high-school level '' coding skills are all that 's needed to hack a machine .  election officials are moving back to paper ballots , but money is a concer .
 champion boxer hector 'macho ' camacho dies after shooting <sec> new : police continue search for two suspects , found cocaine in car occupied by camacho .  he was a promoter 's godsend for his showmanship , titles and hand speed .  he suffered a heart attack after doctors ruled him clinically brain dead .  a southpaw , camacho won 79 fights and titles in three weight classe .
 man falls to death during bachelor party <sec> dirk anderson , 29 , landed on the roof of a parking garage five levels below .  investigators do n't know if anderson had been drinking before his fall .  no evidence of horseplay and it appears to be an accident , police sa .
 ukrainian president offers amnesty to protesters <sec> ukrainian president viktor yanukovych says he is offering amnesty to jailed protesters .  he also says he is moving toward closer ties with the european union .  protesters were upset that he spurned an agreement with the e .
 change the list : the most unequal counties in america <sec> east carroll parish , louisiana , is the u.s. capital of income inequality .  the parish has a wider rich-poor gap than any other county or parish .  overall , income inequality in the u.s. is worse than iran , nigeria and nicaragua .  east carroll parish tops all of them , with higher inequality than any nation on eart .
 really ? american blames loose seats on spilled beverages <sec> new : expert bill waldock calls the airline 's explanation `` curious '' .  new : airline says it will install `` industrial-strength '' metal ties to keep seats in place .  american airlines : seat fittings `` get gunked up over time with people spilling '' .  seats on at least three american airlines flights became loose recently , unnerving passenger .
 seniors wii bowl for world record and for health <sec> world 's largest senior citizen wii bowling tournament held in houston , texas .  event , for fun and fitness , also had health fair and immunization clinic .  sports like wii bowling can help seniors develop or maintain balance , strength .  falls are leading cause of injury-related death in senior .
 ordeal over for passengers stranded overnight on missouri lake cruise <sec> new : all 576 passengers are now off the boat , having left via a 30-foot plank .  new : investigators are probing the paddle wheel as a possible cause .  the boat ran aground in a remote area of table rock lake on saturday afternoon .  gusty winds and freezing temperatures made the disembarking process difficul .
 serial killing suspect , wife arrested in nicaragua <sec> william cortez is wanted on murder charges in panama .  he and his wife were caught on the border between nicaragua and costa rica .  cortez commandeered a boat to try to make it to nicaragua .  the nicaraguan army made the arres .
