 passengers rescued from grounded canadian cruise ship <sec> passengers are taken to a small town on the shore of the arctic ocean .  the 128 passengers are unhurt , canadian coast guard says .  the ship ran aground on unmapped rock frida .
 'buffy ' star nicholas brendon arrested in boise , idaho <sec> nicholas brendon was in boise , idaho , for the tree city comic con .  he 's best known for playing xander harris on the `` buffy the vampire slayer '' tv series .  he was arrested at a downtown hotel after reports of a disturbance .  brendon is charged with 2 misdemeanors ; other charges are possibl .
 best places for entry-level jobs <sec> authors narrow down which cities offer best pay for the best entry-level jobs .  laurence shatkin and michael farr have 4th edition of 200 best jobs for college graduates .  network system analysts : new jersey , virginia , minnesota , maryland , washington .  market research analysts : washington , delaware , massachusetts , new jersey , californi .
 ruling : texas doctors can be required to show pre-abortion sonogram <sec> new : abortion-rights group : law is `` insulting and intrusive '' .  the ruling clears the way for potential enforcement of the law .  gov . .  rick perry hails the decision as a victor .
 officers shot at in florida and los angeles <sec> lapd : no indication shooting is linked to nationwide protests about police .  two los angeles police officers were shot at , but neither was injured .  about 100 lapd officers searched for a suspect in south central la .  in pasco county , florida , two deputies were also shot at but not injure .
 search continues for 2 missing fishermen off alaska <sec> new : survivors identified as henry blake , guy schroeder , adam foster , harold attling .  four fishermen rescued after boat goes missing in alaska waters .  five bodies have been recovered ; search is under way for two other fishermen .  the katmai , a 93-foot fish vessel , has n't been found , officials sa .
 scientists discover new species in ocean 's depths <sec> scientists studied the tasman fracture , a deep trench in the ocean .  they used a remote-controlled machine which sent back video .  discoveries included a new anemone , the sea squirt and a new kind of barnacl .
 rafael nadal unworried after being crushed in comeback <sec> andy murray routs rafael nadal 6-2 6-0 at the mubadala exhibition tournament .  the semifinal in abu dhabi marked nadal 's comeback from appendix surgery .  the 14-time grand slam winner also suffered back and wrist injuries in 2014 .  murray meets novak djokovic in saturday 's final after the serb beat stan wawrink .
 why more americans do n't travel abroad <sec> 30 % of american citizens have passports .  50 % of international trips were to either mexico or canada .  america is culturally and geographically diverse , making citizens travel within the country .  united states citizens harbor an unmatched fear of the world , one traveler say .
 will mitt romney take the plunge again ? - cnnpolitics.com <sec> romney advisers have tried to interest him in another run for the white house .  if he were to run , it would only be if he feared a republican would n't win .  chris christie and jeb bush are among the republicans he most wants to see ru .
 report : piracy at a record high <sec> most of the pirate attacks are occurring near somalia , group says .  seven people have been killed during these attacks .  one of the attacks was in february on a yacht where four americans were kille .
 obama administration unveils national hiv/aids strategy <sec> a leading aids activist criticizes the white house for underfunding hiv/aids efforts .  the white house hiv/aids plan focuses on reducing infections and increasing access to care .  roughly 1.1 million americans are infected with hiv/aids .  aids accounted for 2 million deaths worldwide in 2008 , the world health organization say .
 li tianyi , princeling son of chinese singer , denies gang rape charges <sec> li tianyi , 17 , is one of 5 accused of gang raping a woman in february ; he denies the charges .  as the privileged son of two famous military singers , he is known as a `` princeling '' .  he caused outrage two years ago for attacking a family during a road rage incident .  public anger is mounting at the behavior of china 's elite families , perceived as spoilt and corrup .
 colombian rebel leaders confirm capture of top general <sec> gen. rubén darío alzate was captured over the weekend .  colombia 's president has suspended peace talks with farc rebels over the matter .  farc leaders say they gained a valuable prize by capturing the genera .
 former hungarian pm detained at demo <sec> 43 people had been seized , including 15 mps .  ferenc gyurcsany had been a prime minister .  demonstrators gather in front of the parliament .  the opposition is critical of the orban governmen .
 is abbas the answer ? ( opinion ) <sec> jonathan schanzer and grant rumley : tuesday latest lone wolf attack .  abbas has not been driving force of unrest , authors say .  israel , u.s. mismanaged relationship with palestinian authority , authors say .  unclear if abbas is the answer , they ad .
 are your ideas mixing and mating ? <sec> speakers at ted global conference in oxford stress connections between ideas .  matt ridley : ideas `` have sex , '' multiplying their value and driving up living standards .  steven berlin johnson : great ideas are n't born overnight but evolve over time .  human happiness is not about producing and acquiring more things , they sa .
 bradley wins pga championship in playoff <sec> keegan bradley beats jason dufner in playoff to win u.s. pga championship .  bradley and dufner finish eight-under-par in regulation play in atlanta .  bradley is seventh first-time major winner in a row .  anders hansen of denmark finishes third a shot behin .
 anchor from blackbeard ship recovered <sec> wreckage of queen anne 's revenge lies off beaufort , north carolina .  it was flagship of the notorious pirate blackbeard .  one of three anchors brought to surfac .
 chicago , new york officers spar over stop-and-frisk policy <sec> chicago officers not amused by new york officer 's barbs .  tension comes after judge ruled new york city 's stop-and-frisk policy unconstitutional .  after the ruling , new york officer implied chicago has a high crime rat .
 to most americans , it does n't feel like an economic recovery <sec> david frum : friday 's weak jobs report is a sign of america 's economic future .  frum says we are many years away from regaining all jobs lost in the recession .  most americans are seeing their economic future changed for the worse , he says .  frum : politicians in both parties will find it hard to adopt policies to reinvigorate econom .
 washington 's pot shops ready to open <sec> `` i am sure i will feel that sense of relief when i see the first customer , '' says one owner .  washington state issues its first marijuana retailer licenses .  marijuana has been legalized there and in colorad .
 webb simpson leads with tiger woods on the prowl at bridgestone invitational <sec> webb simpson leads bridgestone invitational after first day .  simpson shot six-under 64 to move one clear of henrik stenson .  tiger woods two off the lead following first round 66 .  rory mcilroy trailing once again after round of 7 .
 britain honors last wwi army veteran <sec> funeral service held for wwi veteran harry patch .  patch fought in battle of passchendaele in 1917 .  soldiers from germany , belgium , france and britain attended funeral service .  friend said patch 's message was `` settle disputes by discussion , not war .
 how to believe in yourself—even if you sometimes do n't <sec> one writer 's experience with dreams and totem animals cures his anxiety .  jefferey eugenides just happened to be buoyed by owl imagery during writer 's block .  ultimately , whether or not the owls were divine messengers , eugenides found them inspirin .
 time to update copyright law ? <sec> each year , works of art with expired copyrights enter the public domain .  william patry : how long copyright should last has been a contentious issue since 1790 .  patry : when length of copyright is too long , it hinders creative repurposing of older works .  he says that in the digital age , arcane copyright laws should be update .
 solemia dashes japanese hopes in thrilling arc finish <sec> outsider solemia wins prix de l'arc de triomphe at longchamp .  runs down japanese favorite orfevre in final strides .  epsom derby winner camelot finishes seventh .  last year 's winner danedream unable to defend the crow .
 tunisia 's interim prime minister to step down <sec> ali laarayedh 's resignation is part of a deal struck between the government and opposition .  new pm expected to announce a caretaker government by the end of the week .  the assassination last year of two opposition politicians triggered growing unrest .  tunisia is seen as the birthplace of the arab spring movemen .
 supreme court rejects abortion-related appeal <sec> case focused on `` personhood '' laws that say life begins at conception , extend certain rights to embryos .  supporters believe voters should decide issue ; opponents say it would block abortion in most cases .  ballot initiatives pending in virginia and other states ; some states have rejected similiar measure .
 dna tests reveal prince william 's indian ancestry <sec> prince william is the direct descendant of an indian woman , genetic ancestry company says .  the prince 's fourth great-grandmother was the daughter of theodore forbes .  forbes was scottish merchant who worked in surat , north of what is now mumbai .  prince william 's wife , catherine , is expecting the couple 's first chil .
 convicted california lawman , dubbed 'america 's sheriff , ' enters prison <sec> former orange county sheriff michael s. carona reports to a minimum-security prison .  he will serve a 5 1/2-year sentence for his conviction on witness tampering .  cnn 's larry king is credited with dubbing him `` america 's sheriff .
 high-level tripoli government official leaves libya <sec> new : u.s. says libya fired scud missile sunday .  spokesman says official 's decision to leave was `` personal '' .  `` it 's quite hard to say who is in complete control , '' says reporter about al-zawiya .  report : libya 's interior minister arrives in cairo on a private plan .
 malaysia postpones woman 's caning <sec> new : kartika shukarno , a model , has sentence delayed until end of ramadan .  kartika was set to be first woman to be caned in malaysia for drinking in public .  she pleaded guilty , paid a fine , and wanted her caning to be carried out in public .  islamic law dictates caning muslims seen drinking alcohol ; case caused uproa .
 'happy endings ' : vh1 to re-air all 57 episodes <sec> vh1 has acquired all 57 episodes of `` happy endings '' .  the network will run a marathon beginning new year 's eve .  the series will then air on wednesday nights starting january .
 international leaders warn gadhafi as french jets patrol libya <sec> new : leaders say they will be at the side of libyan citizens .  france fires on libyan military vehicle .  international leaders warn gadhafi to stop attacking his own people .  sarkozy calls it the `` murderous madness '' of the libyan regim .
 title leader webber claims hat-trick of poles <sec> mark webber on pole for sunday 's turkey grand prix in istanbul .  webber will occupy the front row of the grid with mclaren 's lewis hamilton .  webber 's red bull teammate sebastian vettel claims third fastest .  aussie webber leads vettel on races won in title rac .
 'sons of anarchy ' actor dead in hollywood murder mystery <sec> new : katherine davis , 81 , died from `` blunt head trauma and strangulation , '' coroner says .  police suspect drugs may have been involved , but no proof yet .  johnny lewis , 28 , apparently fell to his death , police say .  lewis ' acting resume also included `` the o.c . '' .  and `` criminal minds .
 minister : french troops may withdraw from afghanistan in 2011 <sec> the move is `` in no way '' linked to a new bin laden tape , minister says .  france will hand over control of some districts to afghans next year , he says .  the country has 3,750 troops in afghanista .
 'we 're on a path to al qaeda 's destruction , ' u.s. counterterorrism adviser says <sec> the united states will not rest until al qaeda is destroyed , john brennan says .  john brennan says u.s. officials `` still have work to do '' in order to defeat al qaeda .  officials believe bin laden 's successor could be hiding out in pakistan 's tribal region , he says .  the u.s. has `` reduced significantly '' the terror network 's ability to attack , he say .
 black eyes and bruises : the medals of rugby 's warriors <sec> physical nature of rugby means that bruises and injuries are common .  players are fitter and stronger than ever due to modern training regimes .  england player simon shaw says game has transformed during his career .  rules have tightened up against dangerous play to curb stray boots and flying fist .
 9-year-old las vegas stowaway to live apart from his parents <sec> judge says parents should be allowed unlimited visits .  boy sneaked past tsa and delta agents on october 3 .  he is ordered by the judge to undergo therap .
 syrian documentary blasts decades of u.s. policy <sec> syrian state tv airs an anti-u.s. documentary with archival footage , analysis .  it says the u.s. has been against syria due its backing of palestinian people .  it also accuses washington of creating islamist extremists like al qaeda .  the special airs as u.s. officials make case for a military strike against syri .
 `` come and vacation in sochi ... please ! '' <sec> sochi hotel rooms doubled to 50,000 for the olympics .  new theme park cost $ 700 million .  sochi is set to host f1 races from 2014 and will be a world cup city in 2018 .  but will tourists come .
 officials : contractor for cable company hit gas line before explosion <sec> new : gas company workers detected high levels in the air before asking people to leave .  search for bodies called off as accident investigators move in .  the natural gas explosion leveled popular restaurant about 6 p.m. ct tuesday .  worker describes being trapped near flames to cnn affiliat .
 review : a closer look at facebook home <sec> facebook home turns android devices into a tool for checking facebook first .  the new cover feed feature is fun , but it can get awkward when others see your phone .  chat heads is the best feature , allowing you to talk without leaving other app .
 south carolina shooting : walter scott is buried <sec> police officers escort the funeral procession to the service .  scott 's family did not attend his visitation ; they need privacy , mayor says .  police meet with the man who was a passenger in his car when it was pulled ove .
 florida task force recommends keeping 'stand your ground ' law <sec> the body found that the `` majority of floridians favor an expansive right to self-defense '' .  the law says a person can use force in self-defense without first having to retreat .  the task force was formed on march 22 in response to the fatal shooting of trayvon martin .  justifiable homicides reported in florida have risen since the law went into effec .
 why did the elephant cross the road ? to avoid the drunks <sec> africa 's largest elephant population can be found in botswana .  elephants without borders is testing small-scale urban wildlife corridors .  the goal is to see whether these passages can be used to avoid human-wildlife conflict .  conservationists say elephants learn to adapt to changes in their environmen .
 rights group accuses u.s. of abuses in terror cases <sec> human rights watch says justice department target american muslims .  its report alleges abusive counterterror sting operations .  the fbi went after particularly vulnerable people in its investigations , report claims .  the justice department challenged the conclusions , said it acted within the la .
 cnn student news transcript - february 17 , 2012 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 opinion : the bitter lessons of mh17 <sec> pavlo klimkin : with downing of mh17 , price of peace in eastern ukraine already too high .  klimkin : ukrainians know bitterness of loss , share grief with families of the deceased .  he says the guilty must be promptly punishe .
 kendrick banned for year after failing drugs test <sec> american robert kendrick is banned from tennis for a year after failed drugs test .  kendrick tested positive for stimulant methylhexaneamine at french open .  top seed victoria azarenka beaten by marina erakovic at wta stanford even .
 u.s. serviceman dies in shooting at mexican strip club <sec> air force staff sgt . .  david booher shot with 5 others in ciudad juarez .  gunmen appeared to have targeted the victims , mexican spokesman says .  juarez is considered off-limits for the u.s. military because of drug violenc .
 orb wins 139th kentucky derby <sec> orb wins 139th kentucky derby on a late charge .  track at churchill downs was sloppy because of rain .  another favorite , revolutionary , finished thir .
 putin 's 48 hours in st. petersburg <sec> russia has been hosting the may 22-24 st. petersburg international economic forum .  russian president vladimir putin spent 48 hours at the business gathering .  he gave the impression of an engaged leader aiding dealmaking , john defterios says .  but defterios says the annexing of crimea has not helped putin 's standing in global busines .
 opinion : video games in libraries ? a smart move <sec> ruben navarrette : libraries are offering video games to lure younger crowd .  he says traditionalists may view the move as libraries selling their soul .  with all the challenges libraries face , the games make sense , he says .  navarrette : if games help prompt teens to read , that 's a key for survival of librarie .
 minnows hrt and marussia unveil cars for 2012 f1 season <sec> hrt unveil new car for 2012 season in barcelona .  spanish team 's launch delayed by failed crash test .  pedro de la rosa and narain karthikeyan driver line-up for hrt .  marussia team also cleared to race after passing f1 crash tes .
 the new fear : electric car 'range anxiety ' <sec> `` range anxiety '' reflects concern about recharging electric cars during long drives .  portland , oregon , will go from 30 public car chargers to 500 within a year .  depending on the charger , juicing up can take from 20 or 30 minutes to a few hours .  makers of nissan 's leaf and chevy volt are closely watching infrastructure rollou .
 facebook graph search now finds comments , status updates <sec> graph search is facebook 's way of finding content across the network .  system has added status updates and comments .  user can now scan for trending conversations , a la twitte .
 hearing begins in death of seaworld trainer <sec> after death of killer whale trainer , osha said seaworld did n't take proper precautions .  dawn brancheau died during 2010 florida show .  seaworld says `` allegations are completely baseless '' .  it 's unclear whether video of brancheau 's death will be shown at this week 's hearin .
 slain navy seals had targeted known taliban leader , officials say <sec> the navy seals were aiding trapped members of the 75th army ranger regiment .  the seals were killed during a mission against a taliban leader .  the current whereabouts of the taliban leader is not clear .  insurgent attacks kill four nato service members sunda .
 morocco urges cup delay over ebola fears <sec> moroccan government urges cup delay over ebola . .  misses deadline set by african soccer body . .  caf will now meet tuesday to find an alternative host . .  south africa and ghana decline to step in and host .
 death and taxes in italy <sec> giuseppe campaniello set himself ablaze after not being able to pay a tax bill .  wives of these `` economic suicides '' have formed a group , the `` white widows '' .  suicide rates in european nations hard hit by the debt crisis are on the ris .
 workers thriving at 70 , 80 , and even 100 <sec> texas attorney jack borden , 101 , still works 40 hours a week .  group named borden `` america 's outstanding oldest worker '' for 2009 .  `` if i were to quit , i might last ... not over six months , '' borden says .  police officer , 70 , did n't become cop until he was 5 .
