 libya announces elections : will it help calm the violence ? <sec> libya announces a date for parliamentary elections .  gen. khalifa haftar bombed islamists blamed for attack on u.s. consulate in benghazi .  armed men declaring loyalty to haftar have `` suspended '' the parliament in tripoli .  libyan special forces commander near benghazi vows to join hafta .
 call oklahoma beheading what it is : terrorism ( opinion ) <sec> mel robbins : woman beheaded in oklahoma is victim of terrorist attack .  she says fbi calls it workplace violence , but there 's evidence of alton nolen 's focus on isis .  she says denying this avoids new realities in war on terror : it 's online , can affect us at home .  we risk tarnishing muslim-americans , overwhelmingly peace-loving , she say .
 deadliest balloon crash in decades kills 19 in egypt <sec> new : conflicting reports emerge over company 's safety record .  a british passenger and the pilot are hospitalized .  the balloon carried tourists from the uk , hong kong , japan , france and hungary .  a gas explosion caused the balloon to fall about 300 meters ( almost 1,000 feet .
 the science behind a solar eclipse <sec> a total solar eclipse was visible over australia 's northern territories on november 14 .  the most populated areas within the path of the eclipse are in the cairns and great barrier reef region .  special eye gear essential and preparation key to taking good picture .
 u.n. head outlines options for syria mission <sec> secretary-general ban ki-moon prepared a report for the security council .  it outlines possible options for the u.n. mission there .  ban elaborates on an idea to keep observers , but shift their work .  activists say 71 kille .
 attack kills 2 , wounds 27 at iranian exile group 's camp in iraq <sec> new : u.s. condemns the attack , calls on iraq to give immediate medical help and investigate .  the attack occurred at what was once known as camp liberty .  it is now the home of the mujahedin-e-khalq , or mek , an iranian exile group .  saturday 's attack was the third since february 9 , the group say .
 ntsb : pilots ' long hours leading to accidents <sec> federal aviation administration currently allows pilots to work a 14-hour day .  ntsb said pilot fatigue has contributed to plane crashes and near-crashes .  `` they ca n't just keep pushing pilots until they drop , '' pilots group president said .  faa plans to hold a symposium on fatigue management next wee .
 mcilroy clinches money list double <sec> rory mcilroy completes european tour/pga tour money list double on sunday .  world no . .  1 finishes third at the singapore open to emulate luke donald 's 2011 feat .  louis oosthuizen could have delayed his title win but lost in a playoff to matteo manassero .  mcilroy will defend his hong kong title next week before the season finale in duba .
 decorate your bookcase one knickknack at a time <sec> hgtv magazine 's sara peterson says accessorizing bookcases is quick and easy .  when styling a bookshelf , think holistically and be patient : it takes finesse .  do you have a taste for sophisticated animal style ? .  contribute to the next open house .
 new 'cinderella ' makes her entrance <sec> disney 's new live-action `` cinderella '' has been unveiled .  the movie arrives close to the 65th anniversary of the 1950 animated version .  in the new telling , lily james stars as the soon-to-be princes .
 why public university presidents are under fire <sec> jeremi suri : some of the best public universities in america are losing their presidents .  suri : university leaders are caught between pressures from state officials and faculty .  he says reforms to these institutions are needed , but political attacks and budget cuts wo n't help .  suri : university presidents should be empowered to pursue common goal .
 obama : leaders will work together on climate <sec> u.s. president barack obama : leaders will work together on climate change .  at italy summit , leaders pledge to slash greenhouse gas emissions .  leaders pledge aim to achieve a 50 percent reduction in global emissions by 2050 .  meeting takes place in heart of quake zone where about 300 people die .
 arab league backs palestinian leader on peace talks <sec> arab nations : talks are contingent on halt to settlement building .  u.s. is trying to salvage direct peace talks between israel , palestinians .  palestinians want u.s. to pressure israel over settlement .
 syria civil war : 5 things to pay attention to today <sec> talks between the united states and russia begin thursday in geneva .  the united states , united kingdom and france are meeting in new york .  weapons are flowing to moderate syrian rebels , u.s. official says .  russia 's putin takes a swipe at obama in a new york times op-ed piec .
 pentagon watching fate of pakistani general helpful to u.s . <sec> gen. ashfaq parvez kayani faces `` vocal and strident criticism '' in pakistan .  adm. mullen is one of kayani 's closest professional and personal allies .  the pentagon is watching to see what kayani 's top corps commanders will d .
 cops : toddler asleep in car as mom slept in bar <sec> police say mother was in bar while daughter slept in car .  the child is taken to a connecticut hospital for evaluation .  mom faces two charge .
 r.e.m . debuts song on 'ac 360° ' <sec> r.e.m . .  song `` until the day is done '' debuts on cnn .  song also to be used in documentary `` planet in peril '' .  song will be on r.e.m . .  's upcoming album .  band releasing live cd/dvd next wee .
 biden a born leader , sister says <sec> in childhood , other kids followed biden , vp nominee 's sister recalls .  big brother encouraged her to achieve and try new things , she says .  stutter gave joe biden empathy for the excluded , sister says .  biden and obama 'share the same vision , ' valerie biden owens say .
 in juarez drug war , priest is on front lines <sec> for hesiquio trevizo , fear of violence permeates his work and church .  trevizo : `` none of us are entirely safe from organized crime . .  not even priests . '' .  he closes the doors to his church earlier ; church offices are dead-bolted shut .  juarez bishop : drug traffickers do n't want to take risk of confessions being repeate .
 spitting mad : golf star 's antics spark twitter campaign <sec> u.s. golfer keegan bradley attracts criticism for spitting on the golf course .  the 2011 pga championship winner apologizes and says he will try to change his ways .  his sponsors cleveland golf leap to his defense , saying they will stand by him .  tiger woods was fined by the european tour last year for spittin .
 for 2016 , bush vs. clinton <sec> lz granderson : for all the talk of change , 2016 may be another bush-clinton race .  bush name carries negatives ; so toxic that mccain and romney avoided it , he says .  lz : it 's not fair to judge jeb bush by the actions of george h.w . .  bush , george w. bush .  he says we should examine the potential candidates on their merits , not family name .
 original kiss drummer celebrates surviving breast cancer <sec> peter criss , original drummer for kiss , talks about his breast cancer .  male breast cancer makes up less than 1 percent of total cases .  men tend to be unaware they 're at risk for breast cancer too , doctors war .
 united airlines flight diverted to toronto <sec> new : passengers will be taken back to chicago , an airline spokesman says .  the flight was en route from chicago to frankfurt , germany .  plane 's communication system began to malfunction , official say .
 scientists unsure why dolphins washing up dead <sec> since february 2010 , 406 dolphins have been found dead or stranded .  sensitivity about marine life in the area is high after the bp oil disaster .  scientists are also concerned about sea turtle stranding .
 scientists debate possible cell phone link to brain cancer <sec> studies conflict ; do not consistently show cell phones cause cancer , expert says .  expert says he can not say they are definitely dangerous or definitely safe .  children are at higher risk for cancer-causing radiation from phone , scientist says .  woman at house panel hearing says her husband 's brain cancer from cell phon .
 brain implants : restoring memory with a microchip <sec> u.s. researchers hoping to start human trials of memory implants in next two years .  studies focusing on the hippocampus , where short-term memories become long term .  successful trials already carried out on rats and monkeys .  implants could help stroke victims and patients with localized brain injurie .
 nasa : space shuttle replacement wo n't fly until 2014 <sec> cost concerns are at the root of the delay , says program manager .  orion is sometimes called `` apollo on steroids '' .  unlike the space shuttle , orion is a capsule that will parachute to a landing .  the new goal of a september 2014 launch is a year later than nasa had planne .
 female hurricanes are deadlier than male hurricanes , study says <sec> female-named hurricanes cause `` significantly more deaths , '' a study finds .  researchers analyzed over six decades of death rates from u.s. hurricanes .  experiment participants considered hypothetical male storms deadlier than female storms .  one critic says earlier hurricanes , which were deadlier , were only given female name .
 commentary : india , pakistan must confront threat of more violence <sec> christine fair : mumbai attacks show sources of tension in the region .  she says signs point to potential for more violence after attacks .  fair : inequality gives rise to grievances among india 's muslim population .  she says india is not well-prepared to respond to violent upheava .
 obama leaning heavily on bill clinton for election help <sec> the midterm election is less than four months away .  sources say obama 's aides will deploy bill clinton in key states .  `` there are few as good at laying out the contrast with republicans , '' says one officia .
 te'o tale a mirror to our gullibility ? <sec> gregory maguire : in the manti te'o `` hoax '' story there is the flash of mirrors , not reality .  he says screens are meant to be windows to world , they often reflect what we want to see .  he says we 've grown used to believing , not testing stories buzzing on our smartphones .  maguire : good stories make improbable seem plausible . .  we should question them mor .
 u.n. , u.s. call for end to sri lanka fighting <sec> new : security council demands all parties respect international humanitarian law .  obama criticizes the tamil tigers for using civilians as `` human shields '' .  he also calls on government to stop using heavy weapons , allow aid in .  tamil tigers have been fighting for an independent state for ethnic tamil minorit .
 opinion : in u.s. , right wing extremists more deadly than jihadists <sec> peter bergen , david sterman : man killed three at jewish centers in kansas .  suspect shouted `` heil hitler ; '' if it had been `` allahu akbar '' media would cover it more , they say .  since 9/11 , right wing extremists have killed more in u.s. than those motivated by al qaeda .  writers : given this , why do we not give more national security attention to right wing attacks .
 vladimir putin becomes eighth-degree black belt <sec> russian-based federation says vladimir putin gets eighth-degree belt in kyokushin-kan discipline .  putin , 62 , is quite the sportsman and already has highest rank in taekwondo .  no protective gear is worn in kyokushin-ka .
 five in running for world player award <sec> 2008 winner cristiano ronaldo is included in the nominations for fifa world player of the year .  the real madrid forward one of five players on the shortlist , all with either madrid or barcelona .  lionel messi is favorite to land the gong after recently winning the ballon d'or award for european player of the yea .
 should nations pay the price for their leaders ' misdeeds ? <sec> ruti teitel : versailles treaty that ended wwi hostilities imposed huge cost on germany .  this assigning of `` collective guilt '' likely helped hitler exploit german humiliation , foment wwii .  teitel : backfire changed how global community punishes war crimes : individuals , not nations .  teitel : today age of `` smart sanctions , '' global tribunals , such as in response to russia , syri .
 horror as kenya 's garissa university college attacked <sec> kenyan agency : 147 dead , plans underway to evacuate students and others .  garissa university college students wake to explosions and gunfire .  reports : gunmen storm the kenyan school , attacking christians and letting muslims g .
 south korea showing no animosity to north , president says <sec> seoul has expressed sympathy to the north korean people after kim jong il 's death .  it says it will also allow private groups to send delegations to the north to pay respects .  south korea president says these actions are meant to show there is no animosity .  pyongyang says it will welcome a delegation from the industrial group hyunda .
 libya 's olympic chief kidnapped <sec> ahmad nabil al-alam was kidnapped sunday in tripoli , the libyan olympic committee says .  the identity and motive of the kidnappers are unknown .  al-alam `` greatly contributed '' to the fight against the gadhafi regime , the committee say .
 jeb bush email release stokes 2016 talk - cnnpolitics.com <sec> jeb bush said sunday he will release 250,000 emails from his time as florida governor .  he will also publish an ebook along with the emails outlining his governing philosophy .  the announcements have fueled speculation he will run for president in 201 .
 zady : telling the stories behind the fashion labels <sec> some fashion brands , retailers emphasize transparency to appeal to conscious consumers .  founders of zady , a new shopping website , hope to appeal directly to them .  zady showcases brands from around the world that it vetted for sustainability practices .  have you transformed your passion into profits ? .  share your story on irepor .
 russia announces major arms buildup <sec> russia planning `` comprehensive rearmament '' of its military , moscow announces .  analyst : last year 's invasion of georgia revealed russian military weaknesses .  `` large-scale rearmament '' to begin in 2011 , president dmitry medvedev says .  russia aiming for 70 percent of its weaponry to be `` modern '' by 202 .
 how deep brain stimulation could treat tourette 's <sec> tourette syndrome causes sufferers to make involuntary movements and noises .  deep brain stimulation could help with the disorder .  small electrodes are implanted into the brain to stimulate affected regions .  american tourette 's sufferer amber comfort has pioneering surger .
 high court rejects stay in spanish sunken treasure case <sec> odyssey 's bid to hold on to gold and silver coins was set back .  justice clarence thomas declined the motion without comment .  spain has won u.s. court rulings to dat .
 holy expo ! sacred objects of desire are billion dollar business <sec> sacroexpo in poland each june is one of world 's largest church trade shows .  from electronic bibles to heated pews , ecclesiastic accessories are available .  industry supplying church items is estimated to be worth around $ 4 billion .  last year 's highlight was a full reconstruction of pope john paul ii 's 'popemobile .
 mls at 20 : sunrise on football 's final frontier ? <sec> the 20th mls season begins this weekend .  league has changed dramatically since its inception in 1996 .  some question whether rules regarding salary caps and transfers need to chang .
 bomb flattens hotel on pakistan 's independence day <sec> new : hotel bombing kills 12 and wounds 14 others , police say .  earlier , rockets struck a paramilitary training camp , killing three and wounding 25 , officials say .  the attacks came as pakistan celebrates its independenc .
 sexy couple , great photos -- 'follow me to ' project comes to hong kong <sec> 'follow me to ' now has 1.1 million followers on instagram .  hk tourism board hopes to attract big-spending russians with new campaign .  future projects include a series of travel video .
 after egypt , people power hits like a tsunami <sec> protests erupted in iran , yemen and bahrain this week .  the ousters of dictators in tunisia and egypt have inspired people , say analysts .  it 's hard to predict if other governments will fall .  but the region will never be the same , analysts agre .
 12 killed as bus plunges off s. korea 's longest bridge <sec> bus plunges 32 feet after trying to avoid collision with a truck .  incident takes place on country 's longest bridge , incheon bridge .  bridge is 13.2 miles lon .
 mind-controlled prosthetic arm plays the piano <sec> darpa launches $ 55-million project to create a thought-controlled bionic arm .  the arm will duplicate the functions of a natural limb .  proto 2 thought-controlled mechanical arm can perform 25 joint motions .  a person wearing a proto 2 could conceivably play the pian .
 guatemalan mother says daughter kidnapped , adopted in u.s . <sec> loyda rodriguez says her 2-year-old daughter was kidnapped .  the girl was grabbed by a stranger in 2006 , rodriquez says .  she `` found '' her daughter among international adoption files .  a judge has ruled a missouri couple must return their adopted daughter to guatemal .
 virus infects program that controls u.s. drones <sec> the virus has not `` stopped flights worldwide , '' defense official says .  the infection was first reported by wired.com .  drones have targeted suspected militants in such countries as pakistan and yeme .
 europe death toll rises in big freeze <sec> the heart of the cold air is centered over eastern europe , a cnn meteorologist says .  more than 30 people have died as a result of the cold in ukraine , officials say .  even colder weather and heavy snow are forecast later this week for some areas .  the icy conditions are spreading westward across europ .
 new sights , old masterpieces in the netherlands <sec> house of bols gin distillery just opened near the van gogh museum .  the royal palace on amsterdam 's dam square re-opens to the public in june .  vermeer center in delft traces the creative mind of the town 's favorite residen .
 murder case , leo frank lynching live on <sec> mary phagan 's murder in 1913 spawned an atlanta trial that 's still talked about today .  leo frank was convicted , later lynched by mob of respected community leaders .  case hit hot buttons : north vs. south ; jew vs. christian ; black vs. white .  story continues through new books , films and descendants from all side .
 fast-moving wildfire kills 1 , burns at least 20 homes in oklahoma <sec> new : the fire began as a controlled burn .  the guthrie blaze is one of several to break out in the state .  the fires are being fueled by hot , dry weather and high wind .
 virginia tech families win $ 11 million settlement from state <sec> 24 victims included in settlement were among 32 seung-hui cho killed in april 2007 .  of the other 8 victims , families of two chose not to file claims ; two are unresolved .  agreement allows families to be updated on campus security improvement .
 potential crisis looms in malawi amid reports of president 's death <sec> new : government official declares vice president ineligible for presidency .  bingu wa mutharika , 78 , took office in 2004 and was re-elected five years later .  citizens welcomed his programs to help farmers in the largely agricultural nation .  his popularity took a hit in recent years amid a faltering economy and diplomatic spat .
 on business traveller in april ... <sec> april 's cnn business traveller examines the three 'r 's : reduce , reuse , recycle .  is the travel industry sacrificing green initiatives for profit in troubled times ? .  we see what airlines , hotels are doing to boost their green credential .
 clinton walks a 'fine line ' on putin <sec> hillary clinton talks tough about russia 's moves to annex crimea from ukraine .  she says russian president putin wants to rewrite european boundaries .  analyst : clinton seeks to bolster democrats in november and her presidential chances .  republicans already criticize the early democratic frontrunner for president in 201 .
 former los alamos scientist indicted on nuclear charges <sec> new : indictment alleges physicist wanted $ 793,000 for services .  the scientist and his wife are accused of trying to provide nuclear secrets to venezuela .  venezuela 's government knew nothing about the plans , officials say .  the u.s. citizens worked as contractors at the new mexico laborator .
 opinion : government shutdown is nothing to worry about <sec> matt welch : government shutdowns have n't mattered much in past , nor will this one .  he says it 's been bad politics for gop , which played a good political hand badly .  he says gop spent energy on obamacare instead of focusing on spending issues .  welch : but shutdown does open welcome discussion on what 's `` essential '' spending .
 family loses 300 pounds together <sec> gabi rose became serious about getting healthy after a near-fatal asthma attack .  she dramatically changed her family 's eating habits .  the family now runs 5k races together .  rose has become an inspirational weight-loss exper .
