 somali refugees still pouring into kenya , u.n. says <sec> more than 50,000 somali refugees have entered kenya since the beginning of 2009 .  refugees are arriving at 6,400 every month placing strain on kenya 's dadaab camp .  fighting forced about 250,000 somalis out of their homes in mogadishu since ma .
 kaka unveiled as real madrid 's number eight <sec> kaka is unveiled as a real madrid player after completing his move from milan .  the brazilian playmaker is handed the no.8 shirt in front of thousands of fans .  27-year-old just helped brazil to victory in the confederations cup tournamen .
 freed american hostages 'overwhelmed with emotion ' <sec> three men , safe in texas , express gratitude to colombian military .  ex-hostages said to be doing well , in reintegration process .  french-colombian ingrid betancourt undergoing medical tests in paris .  15 hostages freed wednesday when colombian agents tricked rebel .
 teen who rescued boy from burning house honored <sec> a 14-year-old boy climbed a ladder to pull a child from a fiery oregon home .  the teen is among four americans chosen for citizen service before self honor .  a father and son used their boat to rescue 120 people during hurricane isaac .  a cleric ran a housing center to help homeless people in san dieg .
 dorothy 's dress from 'the wizard of oz ' finds new home <sec> the dress judy garland wore as dorothy sells for $ 480,000 , an auctioneer says .  the blue gingham dress was worn in the classic 1939 film `` the wizard of oz '' .  items from marilyn monroe , steve mcqueen and julie andrews also sell at the auctio .
 lin , zuckerberg , obama : new kind of heroes ? <sec> douglas rushkoff says jeremy lin is iconic of a new kind of hero for the 21st century .  lin , mark zuckerberg and barack obama are cool , strategic facilitators , he says .  he says they must keep the ball moving and keep the story from being about themselves .  rushkoff : obama must avoid having teamwork approach cast by others as socialis .
 jaycee dugard speaks out in new home video <sec> video shows dugard baking cookies with her mother and playing with her dogs .  `` it 's been a long haul , but i 'm getting there , '' dugard says .  authorities : dugard does not want to speak to her alleged abductor or his attorney .
 teen says pink toy ovens discourage boys from kitchen play <sec> new jersey teen asks hasbro to use boys on packaging for easy-bake ultimate ovens .  mckenna pope says packaging discourages boys from baking , enforces gender stereotypes .  pope , 13 , launched change.org petition on behalf of 4-year-old brother who asked for the toy .  activists glad that a teen is speaking up rather than usual advocates and opinion writer .
 organizers call for second round of demonstrations across china <sec> organizers try tactics to promote pro-democracy protests .  the first round flopped last weekend .  sites including linkedin , facebook and twitter are blocke .
 opinion : nigeria must win battle for youth to beat boko haram <sec> response to boko haram insurgency has echoes of the past , says 'funmi olonisakin .  she says boko haram commands loyalty of the excluded .  northern nigeria needs a `` marshal plan , '' she argue .
 police and protesters clash in bahrain <sec> at least four people were injured in protests in bahrain sunday evening .  more protests are scheduled for monday .  bahrain 's protests are the latest in a wave that began in tunisi .
 power struggle racks erdogan government in turkey <sec> rhetoric around raids heats up .  analysts say the detentions indicate test of erdogan power .  erdogan : those supported by `` dark circles '' can not change direction of turke .
 'please do n't shoot ' : wounded survivor , 12 , recalls nevada school attack <sec> shooter identified .  mason , 12 , shot in abdomen outside sparks middle school in nevada on monday .  mason was one of two students injured ; a teacher was killed .  mason says he tried to help teacher before he was wounded himsel .
 pakistan launches taliban offensive <sec> pakistani forces launch major offensive against taliban fighters in khyber region .  military action is first taken by new government amid concern over threat to peshawar .  32 militants killed in clashes with coalition forces in afghanistan , coalition say .
 official : militias using iranian weapons to target u.s. in iraq <sec> materials found following recent attacks have been traced to iran , official says .  iraqi forces have begun cracking down on militias near iran 's border .  u.s. military says it has not been asked to assist in the crackdow .
 african-americans less likely to receive kidney donation , study shows <sec> thousands of patients in the u.s. are in need of a kidney transplant .  study : african-americans have lower odds of getting a live donor .  disparity may be because of education levels , economic factor .
 review : 'warrior ' <sec> `` warrior '' is a two-track drama of fighting and redemption .  it tells the parallel stories of brendan and tommy , and has a grainy '70s-style look .  `` warrior '' is at times almost gravely self-importan .
 air traffic tapes of hudson plane crash released <sec> `` we may end up in the hudson , '' pilot tells controllers .  all 155 aboard survived after us airways jetliner ditched in hudson river .  jet 's engines failed after plane struck birds , pilot reported .  bird remains found in both of plane 's engine .
 review : 'the hunger games ' is irresistible <sec> critic : `` jennifer lawrence is an acting dynamo with the skills to let us into katniss ' mind '' .  reviewer says hutcherson `` brings humor and a bruised heart to a boy who needs to mature fast '' .  travers : `` elizabeth banks brings malicious wit to the bewigged and powdered pr guru effie trinket .
 2 linked to mumbai terror attacks arrested in italy <sec> two men arrested in italy in connection with november 2008 mumbai , india , terror attacks .  police say men transferred money to activate internet phone lines for terrorists .  siege at hotels and attacks on other targets left 160 people dea .
 twitter declares 2014 year of the selfie <sec> twitter declares 2014 year of the selfie .  `` selfie '' was mentioned more than 92 million times on twitter this year .  world cup , # bringbackourgirls and # indyref were among top global trend .
 the words and comedy of sid caesar <sec> sid caesar was a comic and writer .  he was well known for making up languages .  he once said he played the `` buffoon .
 a day in the life of bubba watson 's caddy <sec> ted scott is in elite group of caddies that travel world and earn lucrative salaries .  after failing to make impact as professional golfer , scott became caddy in 2000 .  the 37-year-old began assisting bubba watson in 2006 and has helped him win three pga titles .  scott and watson share close bond , which has helped working relationship flouris .
 new york city asks court to void ruling to change stop-and-frisk <sec> new york city asks appeals court to drop ruling requiring changes to stop-and-frisk .  u.s district judge shira a. scheindlin issued ruling , said policy unfairly targeted minorities .  she was removed from the case in october because of bias , appeals panel said .  mayor-elect bill de blasio has said he would drop the city 's appeal of scheindlin 's rulin .
 colbert eagerly awaits nasa decision <sec> stephen colbert has won nasa poll for name of space station 's new wing .  nasa reserves right to pick name for node 3 .  astronaut set to announce name on `` the colbert report '' on tuesday nigh .
 china says no to new zealand milk powder due to botulism bacteria <sec> china halts imports of milk powders produced by a new zealand company .  the import ban comes after a botulism-causing bacteria was found in the product .  milk-powder maker fonterra is the world 's largest exporter of dairy products .  no reported illnesses yet ; fonterra says it 's working with client companie .
 sick of dems , gop ? there 's hope <sec> john avlon : most people are unhappy with the two major parties and want an alternative .  he says several independents and third parties are on ballots this year .  avlon says lincoln chafee is running a credible independent campaign in rhode island .  avlon : the two major parties `` act as if they are the purpose of our politics .
 commentary : 'the most famous face in the world ' <sec> bob greene : muhammad ali 's extraordinary life brings him instant attention .  greene : ali embodied youth , strength and beauty in his remarkable career .  he says ali drew attention of everyone in a chicago restauran .
 holocaust victims database aims to restore lost identities <sec> more than 2,100 volunteers around the world have signed on to the world memory project .  project is world 's largest online searchable database of records related to holocaust victims .  volunteers have added more than 765,000 records to the database in six months .  nazis gave them numbers , and project gives them back their names , director say .
 wake up esa 's rosetta space probe , you have a comet to meet <sec> rosetta will be the first spacecraft to orbit a comet and to place a lander on the surface .  esa says the mission objective is to help understand the evolution of the solar system .  after mapping the comet a lander will be deployed to the surface .  some believe earth may have received its water from comet .
 east german apartment caught in time warp <sec> apartment found by developer in eastern german city of leipzig .  occupant left in a hurry as east german state crumbled in 1989 .  communist-era food brands such as `` vita '' cola , `` marella '' margarine foun .
 obama , holder address ferguson - cnnpolitics.com <sec> president barack obama met with members of his cabinet and civil rights leaders monday .  obama discussed the `` disintegration of trust '' between police and the communities they serve .  the white house reportedly considered , then rejected , a trip to ferguson for obam .
 cnn student news transcript - march 22 , 2013 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 dip in travelers wo n't guarantee smooth sailing <sec> 41 million americans will travel at least 50 miles from home this thanksgiving .  a slight dip in the number of travelers is the first decline since 2002 .  the largest predicted decline is among air traveler .
 south korean president to donate fortune <sec> president lee myung-bak to donate $ 26 million , the bulk of his wealth , to charity .  president 's office says money will be used to set up youth scholarship program .  lee promised to donate wealth in 2007 when accused of illegally amassing fortune .  he was since been cleared of all charge .
 meet the armless table tennis player who proves 'nothing is impossible ' <sec> ibrahim hamadto is an egyptian para-table tennis champion .  having lost both his arms at the age of 10 , hamadto holds his bat in his mouth .  last year , he won the silver medal at the african para-table tennis championships .  he says : 'nothing is impossible , as long as you work hard .
 family 's journey to honor relative traces american history <sec> many famous , and infamous , americans are buried at brooklyn 's green-wood cemetery .  for 75 years , the author 's grandfather was buried there without a marker .  recently , the family located his grave site and commissioned a headston .
 teen breaks record for fastest text <sec> a 16 year old from brazil has set a guiness texting record .  marcel fernandes typed 25 tricky words in 18.19 seconds .  the previous record was 18.44 second .
 iraq signs $ 3 billion oil deal with china <sec> iraq signs $ 3 billion oil deal with chinese national oil company .  deal is first major contract with foreign company since fall of saddam hussein .  china national petroleum corporation to develop oil field in southern wasit province .  oil field expected to produce 125,000 barrels a day within three year .
 'game of thrones ' finale breaks illegal download records <sec> site says there were roughly 1.5 million downloads early on .  `` thrones '' is now hbo 's most watched series .  hbo tends to view piracy from a pragmatic standpoin .
 australia draw with ghana despite kewell 's red card <sec> australia and ghana draw 1-1 in group d match in rustenburg .  brett holman gives australia early lead before gyan equalizes from penalty spot .  australia 's harry kewell sent off in first half for handling ball on goal line .  draw puts ghana on top of group , one point ahead of germany and serbi .
 ukraine looks for 'sign of hope ' from russia over crimea <sec> u.s. official : germany 's leader is trying to set up an exit strategy for russia 's putin .  ukraine official : ukraine , russian ministers talk , but no signs of breakthrough .  putin denies sending troops into crimea , says `` local militias '' are involved .  u.s. secretary of state john kerry says russia made up reasons to interven .
 uae to free american jailed over video , family says <sec> new : cassim got credit for time served , good behavior , u.s. official says .  new : family lawyer blasts uae 's `` archaic and unfair '' legal system .  shezanne cassim plans to fly back to the united states on thursday , family says .  he was sentenced to a year in prison in the uae for a parody vide .
 attacker points pistol at prominent bulgarian politician <sec> opposition party leader ahmet dogan was speaking at a meeting in sofia .  video shows a man walking up and pointing a pistol at dogan 's head .  a 25-year-old man is arrested ; no motive is known , according to state medi .
 michael jackson will from 2002 located <sec> attorney says singer 's will could be one of several .  jackson 's mother , katherine , has temporary control of `` tangible personal property '' .  will must go through probate to determine its validit .
 iraq intervention : it 's not 'mission creep ' ( opinion ) <sec> u.s. has sent military advisers into iraq to help in fight against isis .  military analyst : many wrongly focus on the terms `` mission creep '' and `` boots on the ground '' .  he says the advisers are sizing up what needs to be done and recommending accordingl .
 djokovic sets sights on ending nadal 's monte carlo monopoly <sec> seven-times monte carlo masters champ rafael nadal will be the man to beat .  world no.1 djokovic admits he will have a challenge on hands , but is confident about form .  serbian djokovic grew up playing on clay and feels good about chances against nadal .  if successful , djokovic first player to win back-to-back atp masters 1000 titles in miami and monte carl .
 company expands voluntary fruit recall <sec> wawona packing co. voluntarily recalls fruit packaged from june 1 to july 17 .  listeria monocytogenes was found on a peach and two plums .  bacterium can cause serious , sometimes fatal , infection .
 amnesty : syria detainees face systematic torture <sec> syrian survivors describe brutal treatment by security forces , amnesty international says .  beatings , electric shocks and sexual violence are widely used in interrogations , detainees say .  the testimonies are further evidence of crimes against humanity in syria , amnesty says .  syria 's crackdown began a year ago ; authorities say they are combating armed terrorist .
 london beats paris as top tourist city . really ? <sec> figures show london beating paris as most visited city by tourists last year .  olympics legacy , royal baby and `` book of mormon '' all possible reasons .  paris decries statistics as `` boastful '' and misleadin .
 seoul 's new $ 230 million art museum is in the spotlight <sec> south korea 's national museum of modern and contemporary art opened in november .  the gorgeous museum has world-class ambitions .  opening exhibit `` zeitgeist korea '' drew fire from critics who alleged artists were unfairly chose .
 u.s. 'deeply concerned ' about citizens held in north korea <sec> merrill newman was detained in north korea in october , after a trip to the asian nation .  state news said he `` apologized '' for crimes , including killings during korean war .  family of another detained american thanks the white house for seeking their release .  an expert says that north korea is trying to get the world 's attentio .
 tragic 'romeo and juliet ' offers bosnia hope <sec> bosnia marks 20th anniversary of the outbreak of the war fought largely on ethnic grounds .  message of peace from parents of sarajevo 's 'romeo and juliet ' .  'romeo and juliet ' were a serb man and muslim woman who died in each other 's arms trying to escape sarajevo .  both sets of parents say it is time for those still harboring hate to start living without prejudic .
 nigerian militants claim oil pipeline sabotage <sec> nigerian militant group says it struck shell and agip crude trunk lines .  shell said it is investigating reports of an attack on the nembe creek pipeline .  army spokesman : `` no iota of truth in what they ( militants ) are saying '' .  movement for the emancipation of the niger delta at war with governmen .
 do-nothing congress : what it actually does ( opinion ) <sec> julian zelizer : it 's a cop-out to let this congress be known as `` do-nothing '' .  by failing to pass significant legislation , congress is actively worsening our problems , he says .  zelizer : immigrant families are kept at risk , the economic recovery proceeds very slowly .  he says a passive congress fails to provide a check on presidential war power .
 saudi arabia 's king abdullah pushed some reforms <sec> saudi arabia 's king abdullah has died after more than nine years on the throne .  supporters hailed him as a reformer ; critics say conservative forces held him back .  newsweek once called him one of the world 's 10 most respected leader .
 jack kevorkian 's art on sale <sec> dr. jack kevorkian 's art is on display and for sale this month .  kevorkian died in 2011 at age 82 .  he was known as `` dr. death '' for his assisted suicides .  the exhibit includes 11 paintings and his assisted suicide machine , also for sal .
 the roots of our ebola fears <sec> an infectious disease narrative has been fed to public for years , experts say .  the horrible death wrought by ebola adds to our morbid fascination , they say .  expert : `` it looks like the movies , and we 've been prepped for a cinematic response .
 another freedom group abandoned by u.s. ( opinion ) <sec> white house has shunned people protesting for freedom , argues mike gonzalez .  tyrants will do what they want to do , whether we support protesters or not , gonzalez says .  what foreign liberty-seekers want from us is moral validation of their cause , he writes .  support for freedom overseas has been america 's official policy since truman , he say .
 attending a north korean school ... in japan <sec> tokyo korean middle and high school one of 10 schools in japan with ties to north korea .  portraits of n. korea 's founder kim il sung and previous leader kim jong il hang on walls .  17-year-old kyong rae ha : we just want to study korean culture and language .  most of the students were born in japan , which colonized united korea until after wwi .
 coast guard : tar balls found in florida keys not from bp oil spill <sec> coast guard tested tar balls from keys , dry tortugas ; source is unknown , it says .  group made of federal , state , local officials created to manage response to tar balls .  european space agency says satellite images show oil now in gulf of mexico 's loop current .  researchers headed to the spot where oil meets loop current to collect samples toda .
 uae president suffered stroke , in stable condition <sec> uae president undergoes surgery after suffering a stroke on friday morning .  ministry of presidential affairs says sheikh khalifa bin zayed al nahyan is in a stable condition .  al nahyan became president of the uae in 200 .
 grid girl power : the reality behind the glamor <sec> grid girls share the tarmac with the stars of f1 .  work long hours and have to abide by strict rules .  over 250 applicants for the job from all over the world .  have been part of f1 since the 1960 .
 china 's tainted milk scare spreads globally <sec> new : burundi , gabon , tanzania ban import of suspect milk products from china .  new : singapore , taiwan , bangladesh , malaysia , indonesia , brunei impose bans .  head of china 's quality watchdog resigns over tainted baby formula scandal .  four infants in china dead , over 52,000 reported ill from tainted milk powde .
