 nfl player among 2 injured in florida air balloon crash <sec> new : nfl player donte stallworth could be playing again in `` weeks , '' his agent says .  a hot air balloon went down after hitting power lines in miami , sending 2 to the hospital .  stallworth , who suffered severe burns , was in the balloon with a female friend , his lawyer says .  the national transportation safety board is investigatin .
 henin injured in final defeat to clijsters <sec> kim clijsters beats fellow comeback queen justine henin in final of brisbane international .  clijsters wins 6-3 4-6 7-6 ( 8-6 ) , saving two match-points and wasting three .  former world no . .  1 henin suffers a leg injury and will miss next week 's sydney event .  top seed andy roddick faces defending champion radek stepanek in men 's fina .
 victims say masked gunman responsible for miami shootings <sec> new : teen tells wsvn that masked gunman ordered victims to ground , opened fire .  `` someone must know who could 've done this horrific crime , '' officer says .  six victims are students , graduates of northwestern senior high school .  crowd of people standing at streetcorner was fired upon friday night , police sa .
 new york train wreck raises questions about 'alerter ' devices <sec> rail experts question a step taken to make trains safer after metro-north wreck .  authorities are requiring `` alerters '' in every operator cab by end of 2015 .  expert : `` alerter devices ... only partially effective .
 justices deny review of case of school event on church property <sec> to accommodate attendees , a wisconsin school wanted to have its graduation in a church .  a lawsuit from students and families said the venue coerced religious activity .  justices scalia , thomas wrote separately to say they wanted the court to decide the matte .
 scottish pride restored by world porridge champion <sec> the scottish village of carrbridge is host to the world porridge championship .  competition to create the best oatmeal gloop is fierce , and national pride is on the line .  porridge is big business , and making the perfect bowl is not always easy .  cnn attends the competition and is there when the winner collects the `` golden spurtle .
 thousands flee erupting colombian volcano <sec> darkness makes it difficult to gauge seriousness of latest eruption .  highest active volcano in colombia erupts , forcing thousands to flee .  officials worried about possible avalanches , mud flows and rising river level .
 vladimir putin on sanctions : they wo n't end soon <sec> putin has spent hours fielding questions from the general public on live television .  sanctions and russia 's deep economic crisis are a major them .
 german outsider danedream wins arc at longchamps <sec> german outsider danedream wins prx de l ' arc de triomphe at longchamps .  danedream sets record time for 2,400m race under jockey andrasch starke .  trainer peter schiergen targets breeders cup for three-year-old filly .  danedream cost owner only $ 12,000 when brought as two-year-ol .
 in china , some find ways to beat one-child policy <sec> china 's one-child policy has been in place since 1979 to try to curb population growth .  but many chinese are now questioning the policy and skirting the law .  wealthy families pay fines or travel overseas to have a second child .  there are increasing official signs that suggest china may relax the polic .
 iran 's soccer team wears symbolic green bands <sec> many iranians viewing team 's bands as a sign of support for opposition leader .  green is the campaign color of mir hossein moussavi .  iranian national team was playing a world cup qualifier in seoul , south kore .
 four somalis in u.s. found guilty of supporting terrorists back home <sec> san diego jury convicts four somalis after hearing recorded phone calls with terror leader .  federal agents record dozens of calls over months .  prosecutor : they talked about `` bullets , bombings and jihad '' .  the defendants said the conversations were about charity for orphan .
 gulf oil a heartbreaker for bellwether fish <sec> study links oil exposure to heart defects in gulf killifish .  the species is the `` canary in the coal mine '' for the gulf coast , scientist say .
 obama said he ca n't stop deportations of immigrants , but maybe he can - cnnpolitics.com <sec> obama heckler wanted obama to provide his `` legal analysis '' for continuing deportations .  the president said at san francisco event he has to `` follow the law '' .  experts say exercising executive discretion too broadly is fraught with political and legal land mines .  obama has deported more people than any other chief executiv .
 sochi 2014 : 'icebird ' jana pittman still chasing her olympic dream <sec> jana pittman is former two-time world 400m hurdles champion .  competed in two olympic games in track and field .  turned to bobsledding to partner astrid radjenovic .  first australian woman to compete in summer and winter game .
 twa 800 investigators stand their ground <sec> accident investigators respond to critics who claim missile fire brought down the jet in 1996 .  the national transportation safety board blamed the crash on a fuel tank explosion .  skeptics have asked for a new investigation and are releasing a documentary on the crash .  twa 800 crashed into the atlantic after taking off from new york on a flight to pari .
 men dare to share sex abuse stories <sec> men are opening up about being sexually abused as children , roxanne jones says .  the penn state case is leading men to reflect upon and discuss their own abuse , she says .  jones : one in every six boys are sexually abused before the age of 16 , and not just by men .  men may face feelings of shame and guilt when reporting abuse , jones say .
 north pole could be ice-free this summer , scientists say <sec> ice retreated to a record level last fall when the northwest passage opened briefly .  weather patterns will determine whether the ice cover melts completely this summer .  scientists say the arctic meltdown is not part of a historic cycl .
 government : drug cartel leader 'el kilo ' caught in mexico <sec> new : the tamaulipas state governor appoints a new head of public security .  martin omar estrada luna has been captured , mexico 's government says .  he is a presumed leader of the zetas drug cartel in northeastern mexico .  tamaulipas is one of mexico 's most active states when it comes to drug traffickin .
 exit polls : obama wins big among young , minority voters <sec> new : voters 65 and older only age group to go mccain 's way .  twice as many voters factored in age than did race .  obama scores large majority of first-time voters .  49 percent of those polled expect tax increase .
 opinion : what sent children to the border ? <sec> texas gov . .  perry wants to send 1,000 national guard troops to `` secure '' the border .  writers : to fix the crisis you must address its cause : the war on drugs .  they say lawlessness threatens children 's lives at home so they flee to safety .  writers : u.s. can not send kids back to violence and must reconsider its drug polic .
 the soviet who tore down english football 's iron curtain <sec> sergei baltacha was the first footballer from the ussr to sign for an english club .  the central defender learned at the feet of legendary coach valeriy lobanovskyi .  baltacha earned 49 caps for the old soviet unio .
 does kim jong un 's new look reflect a new attitude ? <sec> kim jong un takes a tough stance at a meeting of the workers party of korea .  he also sports a more severe haircut that first debuted in january .  some take to social media to speculate about what the new look mean .
 the football match that put poland on the path to freedom <sec> the match between lechia gdansk and juventus fueled the downfall of communism .  at half time the crowd began chanting `` solidarity '' -- a party which had been banned .  the stadium and the match , had become a refuge for protes .
 indian court recognizes gender self-identification <sec> india 's supreme court says people have the right to self-identify their gender .  human rights groups say it is a victory for transgender and transsexual community .  but homosexual relationships are still criminalize .
 indian court upholds death sentence for mumbai gunman <sec> kasab was sentenced to death last year on murder and other charges .  he has 30 days to appeal the high court 's ruling to the supreme court .  he is the only man convicted in the november 2008 attacks .  more than 160 people were killed during the three-day sieg .
 apple bans app that shows ugly side of electronics <sec> apple bans mobile game that shows the uglier side of electronics production .  `` phone story '' depicts worker suicides , brutal mineral mining in africa and environmental impact .  apple : app violated guidelines , which include no abuse toward children and `` crude content '' .  developer , who still has the game in the android store , says he 'll work on a new versio .
 lenovo to seek partners for u.s. growth <sec> lenovo will not go it alone when it releases smartphones and tvs in the u.s. , ceo says .  the company modified the android mobile software for its tv in china .  the u.s. expansion will not come immediately , as lenovo is focusing on pc .
 boy meets girl : how facebook functions in modern romance <sec> seventeen magazine has released a study on facebook and modern courtship .  the study reports 10 percent of people have been dumped over facebook .  surprisingly , 73 percent of people keep their exes in the friends lis .
 volcanic ash smothers part of indonesia , kills 15 <sec> hot ash up to 700 degrees raced down the mountain 's slope in just a few minutes .  jakarta post : this is the first time mount sinabung 's eruptions have resulted in deaths .  a recovery operation was scheduled for sunda .
 bill would strip tsa officers of badges in reaction to alleged strip searches - cnnpolitics.com <sec> rep. marsha blackburn 's proposal is in reaction to alleged strip searches .  the bill also would take away the title `` officer '' and police-like uniforms .  this is the wrong way to go , the chief of the federal law officers ' union say .
 what saudi flogging has to do with jihadi terror <sec> sarah leah whitson : blogger 's flogging most recent example of saudi 's extreme punishment .  she says on jihad violence , easy to connect dots to saudi arabia , region 's model for repression .  whitson : u.s. slammed flogging by its ally , but is silent on routine , grotesque abuses of saudi citizen .
 starbucks wades into deep waters <sec> starbucks quickly shut down its program of asking baristas to talk to the public about race .  soledad o'brien : forget the storm of tweets criticizing the coffee company ; we need a vigorous conversation on rac .
 making the world 's 'most aerodynamic road bike ' <sec> giant makes over 6 million bikes every year from carbon fibers .  the ultra-lightweight frames are make from carbon fibers .  the bikes weigh less than a kilo and are very aerodynami .
 assange 's 'poison pill ' file impossible to stop , expert says <sec> expert : `` julian [ assange ] is saying 'i 've calibrated this so that ... you 're never going to deactivate it '' .  a 256-bit key encryption code will reportedly release the contents of a 1.4 gigabyte-size file .  it could take years to crack the code , a combination of letters , numbers and symbols .  assange lawyer : reports of a `` nuclear bomb of information '' in a file is exaggerate .
 teen made $ 50,000 smuggling drugs across border <sec> danny santos , 21 , says he made $ 50,000 in four years as a drug mule .  santos smuggled drugs across u.s. border from juarez , mexico .  he was arrested once , as a juvenile , but said charges were dropped .  santos now works two part-time jobs as trains as a boxe .
 what 's wrong with congress ? it 's not big enough <sec> congress ' approval rating hit an all-time low of 10 % .  brian flynn says a growing population has left congress much less representative .  size of the house has been frozen at 435 since 1929 .  flynn : shrink districts , expand the house and make seats in congress part-tim .
 welcome to sochi , the security games <sec> 10,000 to 15,000 americans are expected in sochi to watch the games , a lawmaker says .  the u.s. state department is warning americans to take extra precautions .  a travel warning cites reports about russia authorities hunting for possible suicide bomber .
 harrington learns from happy gilmore <sec> padraig harrington experiments with swing used in movie happy gilmore .  r & a confirms devastating technique is legal under the rules of golf .  golf science expert dr mark smith believes method could catch o .
 truck raises questions about china 's role in north korea 's missile program <sec> focus turns to truck spotted in pyongyan military parade .  truck is known as a `` transporter , erector , launcher '' or tel .  u.n. investigating whether the tel came from china .  analyst says koreans may have built the truck themselve .
 teens ' first choice for music listening ? youtube <sec> youtube is now most popular way teens listen to music .  64 percent of teens say they listen to music through the site .  nielsen survey found radio is still most popular among all adults .  about 1 in 3 teens bought a cd last year ; more than half downloade .
 venezuelan pianist gabriela montero mourns 'loss of our country ' <sec> pianist gabriela montero tells a london concert how venezuela is being lost to violence and corruption .  montero was moved to tears by seeing venezuelan flags in the crowd .  few outside venezuela understand what is happening , montero tells her audienc .
 pakistan 's gays in dark as muslim nation 's first gay website blocked <sec> pakistan has blocked country 's first and only gay resources website .  queer pakistan , which went online in july , confirmed block via twitter .  human rights watch : `` government block of queerpk.com violates rights '' .  pakistan penal code details up to life in prison for gay sex act .
 fallon replaces leno on 'tonight show , ' but the joke 's on letterman <sec> new : new york times media reporter bill carter says leno was `` on board with this '' .  fallon will replace leno in spring 2014 .  leno first left the show in 2009 but returned after his new show failed .  the new `` tonight show '' will also return to new yor .
 congress members grill administration officials on libya mission <sec> new : congress members oppose sending arms to libyan rebels .  clinton , gates give classified briefings to congress .  members challenge the administration on the need for congressional authorization .  rep. nadler : gates convinced him a slaughter in libya was imminen .
 ted kennedy : absent but still inspiring <sec> edward kennedy 's death marks end of a dynasty in american political life .  kennedy was among first to endorse barack obama 's presidential campaign .  kennedy was also key ally for obama on his plans for healthcare reform .  obama will miss his respected voice , negotiating skills in the senat .
 protesters descend on ground zero for anti-mosque demonstration <sec> new : protest at ground zero gathers opponents of mosque building .  protest leader says `` we 're asking them not to . '' .  mosque is to be built near site of destroyed twin towers .  plans call for mosque , performance art center and other public space .
 what killed the maya ? 'blue hole ' offers clues <sec> investigation of belize 's `` blue hole '' indicates drought did in mayan civilization .  mayan civilization peaked in middle of first millennium ; cities were abandoned by end of era .  `` when you have major droughts , you start to get famines and unrest , '' says researche .
 faa official : drone , jetliner nearly collided over florida <sec> flight 4650 on march 22 was a 50-seat jet , according to flightaware .  faa : the unmanned aircraft looked like a miniature f-4 phantom jet , pilot said .  faa : a jetliner 's pilot reported a near collision with a drone over florida .  drones getting sucked into jet engines could be `` catastrophic , '' he add .
 jordan spieth - major champion in waiting ? <sec> jordan spieth tells cnn he is ready to win his first major golf championship .  the 20-year-old tees off at the u.s. open in pinehurst as one of the favorites .  spieth tied for second place in his first appearance at the masters in april .  he became youngest pga tour winner for 82 years in 201 .
 champagne and wild boar sausages : a very british boat race <sec> oxford university win 159th edition of prestigious boat race against cambridge .  the `` dark blues '' cruise over finish line one-and-a-half lengths ahead of rivals .  strong military presence ensures there 's no repeat of last year 's anti-elitist protest .  tradition and prestige loom large in britain 's greatest grudge matc .
 review : 'carrie ' is a ''new '' version of a classic <sec> the remake stars chloë grace moretz .  the film has some modern updates .  ew gives it a grade of b .
 underage drinking soars at new year 's <sec> study estimates 1,980 emergency room visits occurred on new year 's day 2009 .  that compares with 546 such visits on an average day .  parents , community leaders urged to pay attentio .
 biggio , johnson , martinez and smoltz elected to baseball hall of fame <sec> randy johnson , pedro martinez and john smoltz go in on their first tries .  longtime houston astro craig biggio makes it in on his thir .
 pilot killed in florida air show crash <sec> new : pilot killed in crash identified .  pilot killed while performing stunts at a florida air show .  he was flying a russian military plane that crashe .
 tsunami advisory canceled after 7.0 earthquake off okinawa <sec> new : japan 's meteorological agency cancels tsunami advisory .  new : `` there may be slight sea level changes from now on , '' agency says .  quake centered about 6 miles deep , 53 miles east of okinaw .
 assange granted bail , but sweden appeals <sec> new : high court will hear bail appeal within 48 hours .  julian assange 's mother thanks the media for their support .  about 100 people demonstrate support for assange outside court .  assange is accused of sex crimes in swede .
 cnn student news - january 30 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 hikers ' release from iran prison delayed again , lawyer says <sec> new : an iranian official links the hikers ' case to u.s. treatment of others .  u.s. muslim , christian leaders ask president ahmadinejad for their release .  a judge who needs to sign bail paperwork is on vacation , their lawyer says .  josh fattal and shane bauer have been held as spies for more than two year .
 phil spector found guilty of actress ' 2003 murder <sec> new : defense says it will appeal ; `` we do n't believe justice was done '' .  phil spector guilty of second-degree murder at retrial .  he faces 15 years to life in prison for shooting death of lana clarkson .  renowned music producer accused in death of actress in 200 .
 woman fighting sex slavery named cnn hero of the year <sec> anuradha koirala named 2010 cnn hero of the year at los angeles gala .  gala included appearance by 33 chilean miners and five of their rescuers .  john legend , bon jovi and sugarland performed ; celebrity presenters included demi moore .  fourth-annual event taped before an audience of nearly 5,000 at shrine auditoriu .
 pirates vow to kill u.s. , french sailors <sec> new : obama promises u.s. will confront piracy .  pirates vow to kill u.s. , french mariners if they become hostages .  u.s. navy killed three pirates in rescue of cargo ship captain .  french forces killed two pirates in rescue raid frida .
 twitter conversations are now easier to follow <sec> twitter will now show conversations in chronological order .  whole conversations can be shared with friends via e-mail or as individual tweets from apps .  update makes it easier for users to catch up on a whole conversation at a glanc .
 hungry federer eyes grand slam titles in 2013 <sec> roger federer would rather win more grand slams than return to no . .  1 ranking .  the swiss has won 17 grand slam titles , -- more than any other male player in history .  federer has spent more weeks at world no . .  1 than anyone else .  the world no . .  2 insists motivation is not a problem after 15 years as a professiona .
