 first lady 's first tweet <sec> cnn 's ed henry sat at main table with jay leno , obamas at dinner .  mrs. obama asks if journalists find value in social media or if it 's mostly trivial .  henry encourages first lady to tweet from his phone , gets permission from gibbs .  `` flotus '' tweet is picked up by other user .
 keep dancing for jesus , ray lewis ! <sec> roland martin : why do people criticize ray lewis for invoking god ? .  martin : it 's because some individuals in the media see religious people as weird .  he says but if something bad happens , those same people in the media will seek god too .  martin : we should not ridicule athletes who choose to be public about their fait .
 adam gadahn , al qaeda spokesman , calls for attacks on u.s. diplomats <sec> he urges wealthy muslims to offer militants rewards .  he posted his statement on jihadist websites .  he has a $ 1 million bounty on his hea .
 greek lawmakers pass new austerity law despite protests <sec> new : greek lawmakers pass new austerity measures despite protests .  clashes break out in athens between different groups of protesters and police .  one protester dies after cardiac arrest , hospital officials say .  european union leaders worry that greek debt threatens the eur .
 7 modernist sand sculptures made by hand <sec> calvin seibert constructs geometric sand castle sculptures with precision .  he only uses a pail , a plastic placemat and a $ 1.50 plastic tool for the edges .  seibert shapes everything by hand , roughly packing each piec .
 shia labeouf offers cloudy plagiarism apology <sec> editor : actor 's action was `` egregiously shameless '' .  labeouf admitted last month he borrowed daniel clowes ' story for his short film .  apology tweets include words `` embarrassed , '' `` regret , '' `` terribly wrong , '' `` deeply sorry '' .  shia labeouf plagiarism apology tweets appear plagiarize .
 why you should believe the 4-inch iphone rumor <sec> apple news site ilounge releases mockups of what it says the next iphone is going to look like .  ilounge says new phone will have a 4-inch screen , up from the current model 's 3.5 inches .  to put lte capabilities in the next iphone , apple will need to make more roo .
 brian williams case -- that 's the way it was n't <sec> douglas brinkley says williams should have heeded cronkite 's golden rule for war reporters : never self-aggrandize .  he says the newsman got tripped up when he tried to also be a showma .
 clashes erupt after egypt court sentences 21 to death in football riot <sec> new : clashes outside port said prison leave 22 dead .  known as the `` massacre of port said , '' 74 people were killed in the riot .  the violence occurred at the conclusion of a football match in port said last year .  the sentences were handed down in a packed courtroo .
 president obama , come to oak creek <sec> valarie kaur : politicians , others came to oak creek after sikh shooting , not obama .  she invites obama , says his presence will send message of support , affirmation .  kaur : shootings in aurora drew obama ; not coming to wisconsin hurts sikhs .  kaur : sikhs ' values reflect american values too ; obama must help demonstrate thi .
 what will save rock 'n ' roll ? <sec> steven van zandt : bands are n't woodshedding , are n't learning rock 'n ' roll history .  record label head : `` square pegs ultimately who are going to change the world '' .  ways to counter trend : use technology wisely , invest in histor .
 turkish film 'winter sleep ' wins top prize at cannes <sec> cannnes film festival 's top prize goes to turkish film `` winter sleep '' .  julianne moore wins best actress for her part in `` maps to the stars '' .  timothy spall takes best actor for his performance in `` mr. turner .
 interpreter at mandela memorial a fake , group says <sec> `` it was almost like he was doing baseball signs , '' says deaf actress marlee matlin .  deaf federation of south africa says man was not a recognized , professional interpreter .  deafsa says the man used `` meaningless '' hand signals .  the four-hour mandela memorial was broadcast to millions worldwid .
 boston marathon security : how can you keep 26.2 miles safe ? <sec> two suspicious bags were spotted on the one-year anniversary of the attacks .  a man carrying one of the bags was charged with possessing a hoax device .  runners will not be allowed to wear backpacks in this year 's boston marathon .  large signs , costumes and unregistered runners will also be banne .
 russia concerned over adopted boy 's cause of death <sec> russia 's foreign ministry expresses concerns over the ruling about his death .  it asks the united states to provide russia with the relevant forensic documents .  max shatto , 3 , who was adopted from russia , lived in texa .
 alleged libyan rape victim thankful for support <sec> eman al-obeidy says she is still recovering , cnn 's nic robertson says .  the libyan government wants to review robertson 's interview .  al-obeidy 's mother says , `` our hope in god is very strong .
 19 die as violent protests over isis sweep turkey <sec> 19 dead , 145 injured , and 388 arrested , turkish pm says .  as isis moves in on kobani across the border , violent protests break out in turkey .  demonstrators want turkey to do more against isis as it closes in on koban .
 opinion : japanese pm abe scores another own goal on history <sec> japan 's pm shinzo abe has drawn criticism for a message honoring war criminals .  his spokesman says the comments were made in a private capacity .  but abe can not call a timeout as leader whenever it suits him , says jeff kingston .  abe 's comments have handed a strategic gift to china and south korea , kingston write .
 names not numbers : how to network offline in a digital age <sec> julia hobsbawm is the founder of knowledge networking business editorial intelligence .  she promotes live networking meetings , increasingly necessary in the digital age .  the annual conference names not numbers is a three-day long brainstorming retrea .
 no . 1 azarenka ruled out by foot problem <sec> victoria azarenka battling to be fit for australian open after having minor surgery on toe .  world no . .  1 pulls out of friday 's semifinal against serena williams at brisbane warmup event .  u.s. open champion williams will play russia 's anastasia pavlyuchenkova in final .  andy murary into semis of men 's event , while novak djokovic will play in final of hopman cu .
 football : spurs break hearts <sec> tottenham hotspur smash hearts 5-0 in the europa league .  good night for english clubs as fulham and stoke city win .  shalke 04 and as roma both lose .  second leg of qualifying round takes place august 25t .
 sergeant trained to protect victims faces sexual assault allegations <sec> prostitution-related activity may have been involved , an official says .  number of service members anonymously reporting sexual assault is up by more than 30 % .  `` no meaningful distinction between complacency or complicity , '' says rep. mckeon .  soldier was assigned to a sexual harassment and assault response progra .
 turkey launches more strikes on kurdish rebels in iraq <sec> turkish military bombs kurdistan workers party positions in iraq 's duhuk province .  no casualties reported in second turkish incursion into pkk territory this weekend .  strikes follow clashes last weekend that killed 15 turkish troops in border region .  iraqi government , united states , european union consider pkk a terrorist grou .
 maria shriver endorses obama <sec> shriver is third member of kennedy clan to back obama in a week .  california first lady spoke at rally with caroline kennedy schlossberg , oprah winfrey .  three other members of kennedy family are backing clinto .
 syrian opposition cites regime 'acts of genocide ' <sec> new : syrian opposition reaches out to international powers .  the united nations estimates that about 5,000 people have died in syrian violence this year .  the syrian national council wants u.n. and arab league action .  it says nearly 250 civilians died over a two-day perio .
 navy censures 4 officers for vulgar videos <sec> secretary of the navy issues letters of censure to four naval officers .  raunchy videos were shown to the crew of the uss enterprise .  among the censured is ship 's captain , who created videos between 2005 and 2007 .  capt . .  owen honors was ship 's no.2 at the time ; his captain also is censure .
 nato commander : russian troops , tanks move into ukraine <sec> russian official : `` no real facts '' behind claims troops moved into ukraine .  russia may form `` full-fledged '' military unit in crimea , defense minister says .  nato commander says russia military personnel , equipment has moved into ukraine .  after apparent ceasefire collapse , ukraine minister says `` prepare for fighting .
 released chinese feminists : out of jail , but not free <sec> wei tingting , wang man , zheng churan , li tingting and wu rongrong freed .  they 're still considered suspects in an ongoing criminal investigation , may face charges in the future .  they will be under surveillance for a year with their movements and activities restricte .
 thousands of acres ablaze in california for 2nd time in recent weeks <sec> new : governor delclares a state of emergency in riverside county .  the current blaze has consumed at least 16,000 acres .  official : 'one of the most quickly spreading , rapidly spreading , dangerous fires ' .  weather forecast calls for dry , high heat and steady wind .
 ny holocaust fund bilked of $ 42.5 million , prosecutor says <sec> seventeen people are accused of taking part in the alleged fraud .  false claims were filed to get money from two funds , the u.s. attorney says .  the scheme went on for nearly 16 years , he say .
 nadal ready for indian wells <sec> rafael nadal ready for indian wells next week .  spaniard warmed up by winning mexican open .  nadal defeated david ferrer 6-0 6-2 to claim title .  karolina pliskova wins maiden wta titl .
 february 18 , 2015 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 british airways employee faces terrorism charges <sec> 30-year-old ba employee appears in court on terror charges .  rajib karim employeed by ba as an information technology developer .  authorities allege he sent money to yemen and bangladesh to fund terrorist activities .  police learned about alleged activities from encrypted data on his home compute .
 seeking justice for haiti 's rape victims <sec> rapes in haiti increased after the january 2010 earthquake , experts say .  cnn hero malya villard-appolon and her group are reaching out to help victims .  villard-appolon says rape is underreported in haiti and rarely prosecuted .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2013 cnn heroe .
 homicides up in new york city in 2008 <sec> there were 516 homicides in the city last year , up from 496 in 2007 .  that 's still a dramatic change from 1990 , when there were 2,262 homicides .  the nypd cites its operation impact as a chief reason for the improvement .  the operation places more uniformed officers in areas where crime rates are hig .
 novak djokovic and andy murray in same half at u.s. open <sec> novak djokovic could meet andy murray in the semifinals at the u.s. open .  roger federer and rafael nadal face a potential quarterfinal showdown in new york .  serena williams begins against another grand slam winner , francesca schiavone .  former winner maria sharapova pulled out of the tournament with a shoulder injur .
 golf brings china , u.s. closer together with pga tour upgrade <sec> chinese golf tournament to become major part of u.s. pga tour next season .  hsbc champions has been upgraded to an $ 8.5 million fedex cup playoff event .  it is already one of the four world golf championships played every year .  ian poulter wins the 2012 edition to become first englishman with two wgc titlle .
 south sudan fighting fuels surge in numbers fleeing homes <sec> new : hundreds wounded in heavy fighting over past few days , msf says .  new : u.n. chief condemns govt , rebel forces for stealing humanitarian aid .  about 413,000 people have been forced from their homes in south sudan .  fighting erupted in mid-december and continues despite peace talks in ethiopi .
 official : documents forged for escape were created in florida prison <sec> investigators are looking at texts between charles walker and joseph jenkins .  nydeed nashaddai used a similar scheme to escape jail , prison records show .  the prisoners sent the documents to someone on the outside , an official says .  walker and jenkins , both 34 , have been recapture .
 israel begins deporting gaza aid activists <sec> new : activists refuse to sign deportation papers , organizers say .  new : activists criticize the israeli military action as `` violent and dangerous '' .  a canadian activist complains of rough treatment , israel 's foreign ministry says .  previous flotillas have sparked international controvers .
 dentist by day , world champion equestrian gymnast by night <sec> world equestrian games champion joanne eccles is also a dentist .  the 25-year-old is favorite to come out on top at the games in august .  vaulting involves competitors performing acrobatic moves on a hors .
 opinion : it 's working 'parents , ' not just mothers <sec> kathleen mccartney believed modern motherhood is a cultural invention , not biological destiny .  as a mom in '80s , she was a primary caretaker , but thought cultural attitudes would change .  she says nothing changed ; child care , flex time , baby leave are still considered women 's issues .  mccartney : workplace equality wo n't improve until these are considered `` parental '' concern .
 uefa probes alleged racism by croatia fans at euro 2012 <sec> new : uefa president michel platini urges fans to behave at decisive matches saturday .  uefa says there were racist chants from croatian fans during a match against italy .  the issue of racism threatens to mar the euro 2012 soccer tournament .  a disciplinary panel will consider the cause against croatia on tuesda .
 the naked truth about naked art models <sec> italy 's art models have gone on strike , demanding they get a full-time wage .  around 300 people do the job , but only about 50 of them are full-time .  during the italian renaissance artists mostly used prostitutes and lovers as models .  priests let prostitutes use churches so it was possible to attract , employ name artist .
 report : tsa security breaches mishandled <sec> inspector general says the tsa `` does not have a complete understanding '' of breaches .  breaches at newark airport included a knife bypassing tsa screening .  `` there is no clear guidance on what to report and when to report , '' an official says .  aministrator says tsa `` can further develop and expand its oversight programs .
 reports : kidnapped polish engineer executed in pakistan <sec> piotr stancza kidnapped september 28 from attock in punjab province .  polish authorities in pakistan checking local reports .  taliban had demanded release of prisoners , pullout of force .
 who : radiation in japan food 'more serious ' than thought <sec> a who official calls the food safety situation `` more serious '' than first thought .  `` i 'm definitely thinking about '' possible radiation in food , a tokyo says .  high levels of radioactive iodine and cesium have been found in milk and spinach .  the two prefectures affected include some of japan 's most productive farmlan .
 chris christie and rick perry : 'they just do n't like each other ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> rick perry 's dismissal of chris christie 's big win in november belies a deep resentment .  in perry-world , christie is seen as pompous and disrespectful .  to christie , perry is unserious , past his prime and too conservative for the national stage .  `` you can only have so many sheriffs in one town , '' one gop strategist sai .
 could ebola come to the united states ? <sec> a man eventually headed for the u.s. died of ebola hemorrhagic fever in nigeria .  had he arrived , he could have infected others .  but an epidemic outbreak in the united states would be unlikely .  in west africa , the largest outbreak in recorded history has killed more than 700 peopl .
 animals become symbols of hope in texas town <sec> animals rescued in the days following the blast included pigs , chickens .  pets were treated at mobile clinics from texas a & m .  an image of a white dove amid the ruins ruins is shared by thousands on faceboo .
 bt beats sky to champions league rights <sec> the bt deal strikes at the heart of two decades of football broadcasting dominance by sky .  it is likely to raise questions about whether bt is paying too much .  sky was prepared to increase its payments by a greater proportion , but could not match bt .  bt has pledged to make some games free even to those who do not have its pay tv platfor .
 cnn fact check : obama went on an apology tour , romney and others say <sec> obama did mention past u.s. flaws in speeches . .  but never offered an apology .  in one speech , obama said , `` there have been times where america has shown arrogance '' .  obama says the claim is `` the biggest whopper . .
 iran tests missiles amid nuclear tension <sec> new : iran test-fires several types of short- and medium-range missiles .  new : tests are code-named `` the great prophet 4 , '' state-run press tv says .  missile tests come days after iran admits existence of second nuclear facility .  in may , iran tested surface-to-surface missile capable of reaching parts of europ .
 newly designed rifles for america 's most elite troops <sec> military will train an elite group of troops with versatile new rifles .  mark 16 , mark 17 rifles designed for their unique and dangerous missions .  usually secretive special operation command gave cnn an exclusive look .  the new rifles are designed to handle the greater rate of use and last twice as lon .
 opinion : please do n't feed the bears <sec> jim sterba : wildlife more and more encroaching on our space , and we into theirs .  a bear mauled a woman in florida neighborhood ; deer-vehicle accidents kill .  sterba : conflicts between people and wild animals will rise as they lose fear of us .  we indulge them , he says , but we should be reinstilling their fea .
 shadow of idi amin raised amid ugandan crackdown on protests <sec> protests against food prices in uganda are being met with violence .  president museveni blames the food crisis on drought and high oil prices .  protest leader besigye blames mismanagement of the country 's econom .
 senators demand answers in release of lockerbie bomber <sec> new : state department releases august 2009 letter opposing al megrahi release .  two senators are urging the u.k. government and bp officials to testify at upcoming hearing .  menendez claims an `` abundance of incredible coincidences '' .  bomber abdelbaset ali mohmed al megrahi was released last yea .
 south african rugby legend : sport can unify a nation <sec> in 2002 , de villiers suffered a major knee injury seven minutes into his international debut .  he was part of the team which won the 2007 rugby world cup but tore his bicep during the opening game .  de villiers was named south african rugby player of the year and players ' player of the year in 2008 .  the 31-year-old is now the most capped springbok center in the history of the gam .
 in haiti , ensuring ancestors rest in peace <sec> cnn production assistant visits family crypt to check on damage , learn about his ancestors .  colleague visits crypt to see her father 's resting place , then goes to parents ' home .  both arrived in port-au-prince the day after the earthquake that devastated the city .  they face fear of damage to ancestral resting places , bear weight of suffering around the .
 fewer disney employees whistle while they work <sec> one disney employee recognized for decades of service , is laid off next day .  laid-off employees reluctant to talk for fear of jeopardizing severance packages .  orlando area hotels also hit hard by dropoff in business .  disney spokesman says company downsizing like many other u.s. firm .
 wikileaks editor : documents pose no real risk to soldiers , civilians <sec> julian assange talks to cnn 's larry king .  he says no names appear in the leaked documents .  the pentagon has said it fears the release could put u.s. troops in greater danger .  assange addresses the cnn interview he walked out of last wee .
 mauritius : tihe tny island with booming economy <sec> mauritius is africa 's most competitive economy .  reliant on sugar exports for decades , mauritius has diversified its economy in recent years .  the tiny island country is home to more than 1.3 million peopl .
 alonso aims to reign in spain <sec> fernando alonso targeting home success on sunday .  ferrari driver won in china earlier in the season .  sebastian vettel hoping to increase lead at top of championship .  vettel won last time out in bahrai .
 witness in 2006 : new orleans cops shot man in back as he ran away <sec> ronald madison , a 40-year-old mentally retarded man , was shot on september 4 , 2005 .  his death sparked a police investigation .  in 2006 , a witness to cnn gave his accounting of the shooting .  he said madison appeared unarmed and was shot in the bac .
