 ferguson shows failure at every level ( opinion ) <sec> jason johnson : ferguson response shows failures at all levels .  both government and civil society have responded poorly , he says .  lack of long-term political plan is noteworthy , johnson write .
 20 shiite pilgrims killed in pakistan bus attacks <sec> one bus is destroyed and two others are damaged , an official says .  all three buses were carrying shiite pilgrims headed toward iran .  it was not immediately clear who carried out the attac .
 desperation , but no violence seen in haiti <sec> despite desperate times , many haitians not turning to violence .  tent cities , makeshift hospitals are new way of life in quake-ravaged country .  many residents orderly , appreciative in wake of chao .
 study finds 'alarming ' human trafficking figures in mexico 's capital <sec> mexico city 's human rights commission calls it a `` new form of slavery '' .  the report is released days after authorities rescue 62 victims of a forced-prostitution ring .  victims ' rights `` remain unprotected , '' the study says .  researcher : `` the authorities are not investigating , nor are they asking witnesses .
 michael schumacher urged to keep fighting one year after crash <sec> it is one year since michael schumacher suffered head injuries in a skiing crash .  seven-time f1 world champion continues his rehabilitation at home in switzerland .  german 's manager sabine kehm says it is still a long road to recovery .  current f1 racer jules bianchi also recovering from head injuries after japan gp cras .
 kickstarter to users : backer beware <sec> kickstarter urges users to choose wisely .  most funded projects on the site are realized , but some hit complications .  with site 's growth , some campaigns feel more like business transactions .  kickstarter : `` not every project goes perfectly .
 isis video shows peshmerga soldiers in cages <sec> it 's not clear what happened to the peshmerga fighters in the video .  the last scene in the video shows them aliv .
 sa dingding : china 's new age chanteuse <sec> half-mongolian , half-chinese musician mixes ethnic influences with chill-out beats .  first album sold over 2 million copies in south east asia .  deemed too controversial by glastonbury festival and dropped from line-u .
 battle for downtown bangkok hits economy <sec> the economy of thailand is losing steam as protests grow increasingly violent .  once the darling of foreign investors , there is now a massive sell-off of thai shares .  downtown bangkok businesses are estimated to be losing a total of $ 6 million a da .
 expert : did 'kony ' director have 'manic episode ? ' <sec> psychiatrist : `` kony 2012 '' filmmaker jason russell 's behavior is neither unexpected nor bizarre . .  people who develop severe mania almost always demonstrate bizarre agitated behavior , says expert . .  dr. charles raison : manias can almost always be treated , and sometimes very rapidly .
 electoral college for dummies <sec> what happens if no presidential candidate gets enough electoral votes to win ? .  what if president-elect dies after electoral college votes , but before inauguration ? .  roger macbride 's electoral vote made him libertarian party folk hero .  electoral vote `` switcheroos '' played role in lincoln 's presidential victor .
 judge : norway terror suspect is not insane <sec> new : the judge cut him off because this was not the time to justify his actions , he says .  anders behring breivik is ordered held in custody for another 12 weeks .  there is no reason to doubt his sanity , the judge says .  he is charged in the july 22 attacks that killed 77 peopl .
 opinion : carter 's wrong to blame obama , clinton on mideast peace <sec> former president carter made comments critical of obama and hillary clinton on mideast peace .  aaron david miller : carter is confusing the middle east of the late 1970s with today .  he says obama is right to let john kerry take the lead to see if peace can be achieved .  miller : clinton could n't have emphasized peace process given lack of white house suppor .
 13 hurt in yemen attack ; u.s. embassy thought target <sec> u.s. officials say embassy likely was target of attack .  three mortar rounds explode at school near embassy in san'a .  13 students injured , three of them critically , officials say .  yemeni official says target was not embassy , but someone in the schoo .
 airasia families : quiet dignity , unimaginable loss <sec> cnn crew watches as passengers ' families wait for news .  crew notices stoic dignity of the family members .  as the days wore on , more and more began to voice their frustratio .
 health care open enrollment : picking your insurance plan <sec> study : many americans are confused by health care insurance open enrollment .  be realistic about your potential costs and how much coverage you need .  do n't stick with a plan just because you had it last year -- understand your options .  staying healthy is the best way to avoid paying more for health insuranc .
 handwritten genesis of springsteen 's 'born to run ' hit auction block <sec> sotheby 's new york expects handwritten lyrics to fetch $ 70,000 to $ 100,000 at auction .  the sheet of notebook paper features 30 lines and notations scrawled in blue ink .  many original lyrics did n't make the cut , but manuscript contains `` nearly perfected '' chorus .  springsteen 's `` born to run '' is today considered one of the greatest songs of all tim .
 manchester city eases past liverpool in premier league <sec> manchester city beats liverpool 3-1 in the premier league on monday .  forgotten man stevan jovetic scores twice for the defending champions .  rickie lambert gets liverpool 's consolation in the dying minutes in manchester .  city , chelsea , tottenham and swansea lead the standings with maximum point .
 hong kong movie mogul run run shaw dies at 106 <sec> hong kong media mogul run run shaw has died at age 106 .  shaw 's studios were instrumental in building asia 's film industry .  he helped establish hong kong 's first free-to-air television broadcaster .  shaw gave generously to philanthropic causes , especially educatio .
 'pitch perfect ' actress heads to 'vegas <sec> anna camp also co-stars on `` mindy project '' .  she is set to play a sexy starlet on `` vegas '' .  camp previously appeared on `` true blood .
 nfl refs cheered , for now <sec> nfl officials will work this weekend 's games following the lockout .  the refs were cheered when they returned for thursday night 's browns-ravens game .  replacement officials blew several calls in season 's first three weeks .  fan and media outrage may have contributed to the lockout being settle .
 180,000 cambodian migrant workers flee thailand <sec> organization : 180,000 cambodian migrant workers leave thailand .  thailand and cambodian government meet to discuss issue .  thai army spokesman : migrant workers can continue working as usua .
 2,700-year-old persian artifact a gift of u.s. diplomacy to iran ? <sec> a 2,700 year-old silver chalice may be a new token of friendship between the united states and iran .  it had been in new york since 2003 , when an art dealer smuggled it to new york .  iran 's cultural heritage chief hopes its return will mark a lively cultural exchange with the u.s . .  mohammad-ali najafi says the ice between washington and tehran has thawe .
 q & a ; : sorrow , search for answers by afghan villagers <sec> american solider accused in shooting spree in afghanistan on sunday .  cnn correspondent in afghanistan weighs in on what she 's hearing on the ground .  photos and videos purport to show some scenes of the attac .
 suzuki to rejoin motogp in 2015 <sec> suzuki to rejoin motogp for the 2015 season .  the japanese manufacturer pulled out of the sport in 2011 .  nobuatsu aoki and randy de puniet rode for the team in monday 's test .  honda will return to formula one in 2015 , supplying engines to mclare .
 musician shares touching moment with mom with alzheimer 's <sec> joe fraley has been performing his music for his mom for as long as he 's been playing .  judy fraley recently entered a california assisted-living facility .  her son says music is almost like a drug , helping relax he .
 musharraf announces he will return to pakistan late this month <sec> new : musharraf declines to give a specific return date because of security concerns .  new : `` this is a do-or-die moment for me and my party , '' he tells cnn .  musharraf plans to return to his home country sometime between january 27 and 30 .  pakistani official : the former president will be promptly arrested upon his retur .
 summer camp romance is real <sec> camp romances are a classic pop culture trope , and they can be very real .  couples who meet at camp sometimes choose to go back to get married or engaged there .  `` you never know where camp will lead you , '' says one camp owne .
 terror-devastated mumbai hotels reopen <sec> mumbai 's taj mahal palace tower , oberoi-trident luxury hotels reopen .  both were targeted by gunmen in last month 's attacks in which around 160 died .  parts of both hotels still closed because of damage suffered during three-day siege .
 rescued americans are healthy , reuniting with families <sec> new : three americans had medical tests ; doctors say they are healthy .  ex-hostages and relatives express joy at rescue operation .  marc gonsalves , thomas howes and keith stansell u.s. government contractors .  colombian rebels captured three men in 2003 when their plane crashe .
 mower season means risks for eyes , toes , fingers <sec> 100,000 people in u.s. suffered lawn mower accident injury in 2006 .  most victims are 25-64 ; more than 22 percent of injuries involve wrist , hand , finger .  wear protective goggles , gloves , boots , long pants ; never mow barefoot , in sandal .
 iran cites 60 groups as 'soft war ' agents <sec> iran 's intelligence ministry compiles list of 60 groups it considers enemy agents .  human rights watch , brookings institution , bbc , voice of america on list .  official urges iranians to avoid any `` unusual relations '' with the group .
 fernando alonso to stay with ferrari despite mclaren interest <sec> mclaren want to resign former driver fernando alonso .  but the spaniard has no intention of leaving current team ferrari .  ferrari announced the signing of kimi raikkonen last week .  raikkonen won the world championship with ferrari in 200 .
 mccain to hold cybersecurity hearing after sony attack <sec> mccain spoke about the sony hack with an arizona radio station friday .  he called the incident `` the greatest blow to free speech that i 've seen in my lifetime probably '' .  he promised to hold hearings early next year in his senate committe .
 for egypt , al jazeera prisoners were pr disaster <sec> president al-sisi acknowledged al jazeera case had been pr disaster for egypt .  egypt 's traditional allies were openly appalled by the sentences against the three .  many thought trio were pawns in battle between al-sisi and qatar , which funds al jazeer .
 little harmony in europe before eurovision song contest <sec> people in eight european nations are surveyed on attitudes toward their neighbors .  germany is seen as most trustworthy -- except by the greeks .  germany and france are seen as the most arrogant .  pew researchers say attitudes reflect mixed emotions amid economic hardshi .
 e-book lending : your public library 's best kept secret ? <sec> many americans do n't know whether their public library has e-books , a new pew report says .  those who use e-books read 30 % more books per year than those who do n't .  if e-books encourage people to read more , that 's good for public libraries .  however , library e-book acquisition has been complicated by higher publisher price .
 company parts ways with pr exec after aids in africa tweet <sec> pr executive no longer works for iac .  corporate communications head was on 12-hour flight when tweet went viral .  justine sacco 's twitter account was deleted saturday .  iac says , `` there is no excuse for the hateful statements that have been made .
 driver 's body identified as hopes dim after taiwan rock slides <sec> identification is pending for several other sets of remains .  nineteen tourists from southern china are among the missing .  confirmation of the driver 's death brought megi 's death toll to 14 in taiwa .
 readers ' fiery reaction to bin laden letters <sec> readers give fiery opinions about osama bin laden letters .  comments cover media strategy , vanities , drone strikes .  on bin laden 's biden reference , readers defend and criticize the v .
 a bite , bullet and broken heart : former la cop stands trial for murder <sec> trial of former los angeles police detective stephanie lazarus is under way .  she is accused of killing her romantic rival ; murder case went cold for 23 years .  the case blends soap opera suds with `` csi '' -style forensics .  it also promises to hold up a mirror to a storied law enforcement agenc .
 unprepared travelers hit with airline fees <sec> travelers can avoid spirit airlines $ 100 fee by paying for bags when booking flight online .  airlines will make estimated $ 36 billion this year through ancillary fees for bags , other services .  fees for credit card usage , extra leg room and window or aisle seats are likely to continu .
 canada conducts first airstrike against isis in syria <sec> cf-18 hornets bomb a garrison near isis ' de facto capital of raqqa , canada says .  the canadian military has conducted dozens of strikes against isis in ira .
 commentary : drinking age of 21 saves lives <sec> toben nelson : some college presidents seeking a lower drinking age .  he says strong evidence supports benefits of a 21-year-old drinking age .  nelson : lowering the age will not save lives or improve campus life .  he says colleges , communities need to take steps to reduce binge drinkin .
 who are azamat tazhayakov , dias kadyrbayev and robel phillipos ? <sec> the three men are friends of surviving boston bombing suspect dzhokhar tsarnaev .  each is accused of removing items from tsarnaev 's dorm room after the april 15 attack .  a friend of one of the men describes him as a `` good kid '' who `` never got in trouble .
 sailing the northwest passage : dutch harbor and the bering sea <sec> team aims to discover how climate change has affected arctic and inuit people .  at dutch harbor , alaska , discovered how fishing quota transforming community .  unexpected calm weather on trip so far despite sailing `` deadliest catch '' seas .  read the first ship 's log from the crew of the silent soun .
 saudi crown prince nayef to be buried <sec> obama praises nayef for supporting strong u.s.-saudi ties .  nayef was heir to the saudi throne .  he had served as interior minister since 197 .
 u.s. expands efforts to secure libyan anti-aircraft missiles <sec> gen. ham is `` very concerned '' about proliferation across libyan borders .  a team of u.s. technical experts is assisting in securing weapons stockpiles .  the search effort is focused on shoulder-fired heat-seeking missiles .  the missiles pose a threat `` to anything that flies , '' ham say .
 ireporters yearn for romney running mate who says she 's not running <sec> cnn asked ireporters to weigh in on who they think would make the best gop vp pick .  condoleezza rice was the most popular pick among ireporters , but she 's said she wo n't run .  marco rubio , paul ryan , rob portman and tim pawlenty were among the other top choice .
 nico rosberg claims surprise pole position in bahrain <sec> mercedes driver nico rosberg earns second pole position of his career in bahrain .  he will start ahead of fellow german sebastian vettel , who was second for red bull .  ferrari 's fernando alonso is third quickest as he , like vettel , opts to conserve his tires .  reports say protests against bahrain rulers and the f1 race continued into saturday mornin .
 how couples should negotiate spending cuts <sec> couples ' budget decisions should be negotiated for a win-win result .  wife : `` it 's not about him or me ; it 's about that bottom line '' .  expert : couples should track spending , find out where money is going .  establish ground rules : what price limit requires talking before spendin .
 past massacres tightened uk gun laws <sec> the united kingdom has some of the toughest control rules in the world .  tougher gun controls were introduced after mass shootings in 1987 and 1996 .  the recent uk election saw little discussion of gun control by political partie .
 cnn student news : daily discussion <sec> use these questions to help students understand today 's featured news stories .  today 's daily discussion includes the media literacy question of the da .
 cuban doctors train , then fight ebola in africa <sec> cuba was one of the first countries to send doctors to fight ebola .  cuban health workers train in a `` boot camp '' before deploying .  more than 450 cuban doctors and nurses are training .  the government is limiting the training to me .
 protesters , police clash in turkey amid questions in mine fire <sec> new : at least 298 have died as a result of the coal mine fire , according to disaster officials .  mine owner says the soma site met the standards required by turkish law .  ruling party spokesman says pm 's aide kicked a protester after he was attacked by him .  'remember your dead , ' chant protesters angry over mine respons .
 murdoch media group faces new hacking allegations <sec> a british lawmaker accuses news international of more hacking of royals and politicians .  rupert murdoch 's media group rejects the allegations .  british media name tony blair and kate middleton as possible victims .  london 's metropolitan police confirm they are considering allegations they have receive .
 ebola highlights public health crisis ( opinion ) <sec> death of ebola patient in dallas highlights problems in health system , irwin redlener says .  federal funding for the hospital preparedness program has been slashed , he says .  u.s. has seen loss of 50,000 public health workers in less than decade , redlener say .
 morrissey treated in hospital after collapse <sec> morrissey taken to hospital after collapsing on stage during concert .  singer has canceled or rescheduled more than a dozen concerts this year .  morrissey , 50 , was the frontman of the seminal 1980s band the smith .
 in north korea , even kim jong un 's birthday is opaque <sec> kim jong un 's birthday is believed to be january 8 .  unlike his father and grandfather , his birthday is more low-key than previous north korean leaders .  dennis rodman traveled to north korea last year and gave birthday serenad .
 police : marine stabs and kills another marine in nation 's capital <sec> the alleged attacker is in custody .  `` a homophobic slur was heard from the suspect prior to the stabbing , '' police say .  the victim is identified as 23-year-old philip bushon .
 'i am overwhelmed ' : acts of kindness in the midst of rage in ferguson <sec> cathy jenkins saw video of protesters locking arms to protect her diner from vandals .  she learned by text that the eatery in downtown ferguson had been vandalized .  she and her husband were surprised when they arrived to assess damage , begin repairs .  the couple wondered why police were n't better prepared for the violence that erupte .
 dirt-track racer hit by tony stewart died of 'massive blunt trauma ' <sec> investigators are looking at a second video recorded saturday night , sheriff says .  medical examiner releases only cause of death , no further details .  authorities speak with tony stewart 's representatives .  kevin ward jr. died from injuries after stewart hit him during a caution la .
 marvin gaye 's children : what our father would say <sec> marvin gaye 's children wrote an open letter about the `` blurred lines '' lawsuit .  the family recently won its copyright infringement claim against robin thicke and pharrell williams .  nona , frankie and marvin iii say their father would have embraced new technology but safeguarded his creation .
 seaworld ceo says shows with killer whales will resume saturday <sec> new : trainers wo n't get into the water with the whales , ceo says .  new : he says charitable foundation being formed in trainer 's name .  osha , animal and plant health inspection service looking into death .  dawn brancheau , 40 , died wednesday after whale pulled her underwate .
