 utah says 2 state workers involved in creating list <sec> new : governor says some on list may have legal status .  2 utah state employees believed involved in creating list with alleged illegal immigrants ' data .  the data includes personal information about 1,300 alleged illegal immigrants .  gov . .  gary herbert calls the release of information release `` deplorable .
 honest advice from joplin to moore : 'life sucks sometimes ' <sec> two years ago , a massive tornado swept through joplin , missouri , killing 150 people . .  the anniversary takes place the same week as an ef5 tornado hit moore , oklahoma . .  cnn ireport asked joplin residents for their advice for the people in moore .
 nasa research orbiter starts circling moon <sec> new : one of two nasa research spacecraft begins orbiting the moon .  new : grail-a and grail-b will collect data for 82 days .  the mission will help scientists determine what goes on beneath the moon 's surfac .
 study : global warming sparked by ancient farming methods <sec> study : ancient people were fewer in number , but burned 10 times as much land .  william ruddiman : people would slash , burn `` five times in a 20 year period '' .  ken caldeira , a climate scientist , says study exaggerating impact of early ma .
 opinion : holder should discuss leaks publicly <sec> eric holder under fire for justice department inquiry of media phone records .  paul begala says holder 's off-the-record meeting with media was a bad idea .  he says we need a very public discussion of balancing public access vs. security .  begala : we would have been better off with more leaks in advance of iraq wa .
 tila tequila suffers cuts , but escapes juggalos attack <sec> new : the sheriff hopes to find video to help id the attackers .  tila tequila was performing at the `` gathering of the juggalos '' .  rocks and bottles hit tequila as she rapped .  witness : violence escalated when she took off her to .
 salary your hr person may be making <sec> human resources jobs expected to grow by 17 percent over next decade .  hr supervisors overseeing salaries make on average $ 78,700 .  hr staffers who train employees earn around $ 55,500 .  biggest pay jump for dealing with compensation , benefits , diversit .
 dismissal denied in case of bride accused of pushing husband off cliff <sec> judge denies motion to dismiss murder charges against jordan linn graham .  despite what judge calls `` trial by ambush , '' case will go to trial on december 9 .  graham admitted she pushed her husband off a cliff , but claims it was self-defense .  fbi agent denies graham 's claim that the touched her during an intervie .
 live large , pay small in panama city <sec> panama city is the americas ' most affordable capital city , but luxury standards often prevail .  book early and you can stay at waldorf astoria panama for $ 159 .  cup of world 's most expensive coffee is $ 6.50 . .  in tokyo , same cup goes for up to $ 50 .  panama has latin america 's fastest growing econom .
 s. africa ostrich industry hit by major bird flu outbreak <sec> south africa 's ostrich industry is facing tough times after a major bird flu outbreak .  more than 40,000 ostriches have been culled since last april .  officials warn that the impact of the disease outbreak on the industry is severe .  south africa accounts for up to 80 % of the world 's ostrich product .
 nonstop mexico : seven beachy getaways <sec> the island of cozumel , 11 miles off the yucatán coast , is a diving hot spot .  puerto vallarta has attracted painters , sculptors and other artisans in recent years .  los cabos , on the tip of baja california , has one of mexico 's most dramatic setting .
 blogger threatened by islamists killed in bangladesh <sec> roy yearned for an age of reason without religious dogma .  islamist extremists resented him , threatened to kill hi .
 cannes rolls out red carpet for 'great ladies ' of the sea <sec> introducing régates royales de cannes -- one of the world 's biggest vintage yacht races .  over 100 classic boats take part , with the oldest dating back to 1896 .  costing up to $ 13m , the stunning vessels are often restored using traditional techniques .  follows recent death of cannes yacht club president , jean-claude montesino .
 hong kong 's black market for butter cookies <sec> tourists and locals queue for several hours to get their hands on jenny 's butter cookies .  people are even hired to stand in line to buy the cookies , which are later sold at an up-to-70 % mark-up .  food frenzies have also taken place in other parts of the worl .
 screen , stage legend ruby dee dies at 91 <sec> award-winning actress died peacefully at home , rep says .  dee was nominated for an oscar for her role in `` american gangster '' .  she and her late husband , ossie davis , were important figures in civil rights movement .  dee became known to a younger generation with roles in two spike lee film .
 3 amish men accused of cutting hair , beards of others <sec> 3 amish men in ohio allegedly assaulted other amish men , women , and children .  the men allegedly broke into homes and cut beards and other hair .  the men belong to an extremist splinter group , local sheriff say .
 in craigslist slaying , internet was also suspect 's undoing <sec> internet expert : craigslist slaying suspect left a trail of clues behind in cyberspace .  mark rasch says he used a tracer program on e-mail sent to slaying victim .  boston investigators even used a google search to help track down suspect .  philip markoff , a medical student , pleaded not guilty in death of julissa brisma .
 brazil delays vote on bill regulating deforestation <sec> brazil¹s congress postpones vote on controversial forest code for a week .  rural lobby in brazil 's congress is demanding more protection for farmers .  environmentalists are concerned ecological gains could be threatened .  amazon rain forest is huge -- roughly half as large as the united state .
 totti joins row over season start <sec> francesco totti threatens to quit the italian players ' association .  the italy and roma striker is upset over the early start to the new season .  he says : we are the principal actors , but ... are never listened to . .
 'anti-bloomberg ' bill stops overregulation <sec> tony smith , a mississippi legislator and restaurant owner , wrote the `` anti-bloomberg '' bill .  bill prohibits local jurisdictions from regulating food and drink ; only state can do it .  smith says it will protect small businesses from hodgepodge of local overregulations .  free market should guide what 's sold , he says ; other measures can combat obesit .
 chinese pilots demand same pay as foreigners <sec> to meet pilot shortage , chinese airlines pay foreign pilots higher salaries than chinese pilots .  air china pilots are protesting unfair treatment .  burdensome work shifts have left pilots ' health `` severely damaged , '' says open letter from pilots .  tension among flight crews will `` eventually threaten flight safety , '' claim pilot .
 controversy puts mississippi 's long-standing 'trusty ' program in spotlight <sec> it 's not clear how long the governor 's trusty program has been going on .  selected inmates work and live inside the governor 's mansion .  controversy over former gov . .  barbour 's pardons has put the program in the spotlight .  `` it takes 12 people to put somebody in prison and one man gets to release him , '' says a victim 's relativ .
 body of former pentagon official found in landfill <sec> the body of john p. wheeler was found in a landfill .  wheeler was involved in a lengthy property dispute with a neighbor .  delaware authorities are investigating the former pentagon official 's death .  the delaware medical examiner 's office has ruled wheeler 's death a homicid .
 report : dubai 'sex-on-beach ' man re-arrested <sec> michelle palmer and vincent acors , faced three-month sentence .  the pair were arrested at a dubai beach shortly after midnight on july 5 .  they were charged with with illicit relations , public indecency , public intoxication .  although a relatively moderate gulf state , dubai adheres to certain islamic rule .
 official says 3 men arrested with bombs in nigeria <sec> the men were arrested on christmas day .  they were planning to bomb a church , an official says .  attacks in jos on christmas eve killed at least 31 peopl .
 turkey launches major iraq incursion <sec> turkish military launches a ground operation in northern iraq against kurdish rebels .  operation continues recent turkish attacks against pkk militants based in iraq .  the pkk has previously launched attacks on targets in turkey .  spokesman says u.s. military `` aware '' of a turkish operation of limited duratio .
 churchill downs death probe yields no suspects <sec> a medical examiner is investigating the death of a churchill downs stable worker .  the body was discovered sunday morning in the back of a barn .  about 400 people were in the area saturday night , a police spokesman say .
 bahrain fires at protesters ; 2 dead , 150 injured <sec> clinton says there is no military solution to bahrain 's unrest .  king imposes three-month state of emergency in bahrain .  `` they attacked us -- even medical personnel , '' medical official says .  a saudi soldier was killed , official say .
 u.s. admits airstrike killed dozens of civilians <sec> u.s. airstrikes in afghanistan killed 30 afghan civilians , u.s. says .  deaths of civilians in airstrikes this month were `` likely '' accidental , u.s. says .  civilian casualties politically sensitive for government of president karza .
 calculating the odds : 12 sons in a row <sec> a couple in michigan has 12 sons and no daughters .  baby number 13 is on the way ; they do n't know its sex .  odds that anyone could have 13 boys in a row : about 1 in 8,00 .
 18 dead in nepal plane crash <sec> official : plane appears to have hit a mountain .  a small passenger plane crashed in western nepal , killing all 18 on board .  the cause of the crash was n't immediately known .  among the occupants was a child , officials sa .
 golfer climbs out of 'abyss ' to live dream <sec> scottish golfer scott jamieson leads volvo golf champions tournament by five shots .  his second european tour win would give him a debut at world golf championships event .  former british open champion louis oosthuizen tied for second at fancourt .  fellow major winners padraig harrington , paul lawrie and ernie els also in contentio .
 boy who died saving relatives from fire laid to rest as 'firefighter ' <sec> tyler doohan , 8 , saved six relatives from a fire in new york state .  the boy lost his own life trying to save his grandfather .  he was laid to rest wednesday as an honorary firefighte .
 bow cut from u.s. ship , lifted from philippine reef <sec> two huge chunks of uss guardian have been removed from the reef .  u.s. navy minesweeper has been on reef since january 17 .  ship is expected to be completely removed by mid-april , official say .
 pilots : cockpits remain vulnerable to terrorist assault <sec> pilots praise the hardened cockpit doors mandated after 9/11 .  many pilots support efforts to mandate secondary cockpit barriers .  the airline industry has fought efforts to require the barriers .  the tsa recommended against mandating secondary barrier .
 at least 13 dead after mumbai building collapse ; dozens feared trapped <sec> the death toll rises to 13 , a hospital spokesman says .  dozens of people are feared to be trapped in the rubble .  the old residential building in southern mumbai gave way early friday .  around 22 apartments were occupied on the building 's upper floors , the owner say .
 trading the carbon market <sec> carbon trading is said to be one way to reduce greenhouse gas emissions .  existing carbon trading systems have had limited impact on emissions to date .  the european experience serves as a good lesson for new trading system .
 no carry-on luggage ? please board now <sec> passengers without carry-on luggage may board after first class and frequent fliers .  american is testing the program in four airports .  other airlines already allow bag-free customers to board before those with carry-on .
 u.n. report : forestry can create 10 million jobs <sec> u.n. says countries should invest in green jobs for `` sustainable forest management '' .  sustainable forestry aims to prevent depletion of forests .  asia and africa could benefit the most from such jobs , report co-author says .  report will be discussed next week at meeting in ital .
 philadelphia teen tweeted crime witnesses ' data , prosecutors say <sec> teen 's tweeting of crime witnesses ' data could hurt cases , philadelphia prosecutor says .  nasheen anderson , 17 , is accused of posting information about a 2012 shooting on twitter .  he allegedly reposted witnesses ' photos from defunct instagram account , prosecutor say .
 photo project gives voice to 'backbone of america ' <sec> peter feldstein set out in 1984 to photograph everyone in iowa town .  he then rephotographed them 20 years later and recorded their oral histories .  feldstein 's colleague stephen bloom : `` my job in oxford was to talk to the voiceless '' .  resident : `` there were things in there that the gossip line did n't know about ! .
 pitt : jolie 'brave , bold ' and 'sexy as ever ' <sec> brad pitt pays tribute to angelina jolie .  pitt attended `` world war z '' new york premiere alone ; jolie was preparing for another event .  melissa etheridge disagrees with jolie 's course of action for cance .
 town pulls together after killing rampage <sec> the 2,100 people of samson , alabama , cope with aftermath of deadly rampage .  first baptist church welcomes community for wednesday night prayer service .  high school baseball coach chris reid : `` it really has n't set in yet '' .  community members say their tight bonds will pull them through difficult days ahea .
 23 incredible weather photos of 2012 <sec> cnn ireporters documented some of the biggest global weather stories of the year .  cnn meteorologists shared their tips for capturing strong weather images in 2013 and beyond .  use wide angle shots , time-lapse away and take multiple photographs .  most importantly , stay saf .
 occupy wall street beta tests a new way of living <sec> douglas rushkoff : occupy wall street not protest as much as protoype for new way of living .  he says occupy 's camps are hardworking congresses with consensus-building approach .  he says they can beta test ideas on issues such as a complementary currency .  rushkoff : when we begin to considers occupy 's ideas , we become `` occupiers '' ourselve .
 manchester united clinch deal for mexico striker hernandez <sec> english champions manchester united sign mexico striker javier hernandez .  hernandez currently plays for mexican club chivas de guadalajara .  the 21-year-old will join united on july 1 , subject to a uk work permit .  hernandez has scored four goals in four games for the mexico national tea .
 support seminars help couple after affair <sec> angie cooper had been having an affair for one year before her husband found out .  angie : `` i did n't feel important to greg beyond being our children 's caregiver '' .  greg : did n't know angie was lonely -- thought she did n't love love me .  relationship seminars helped heal greg and angie 's emotional wound .
 'coming out ' on climate change <sec> john sutter : senate 's climate vote is mostly hot air .  politicians should be debating solutions , he write .
 charity donates to replace money stolen from child 's surgery fund <sec> charity donates $ 7,000 to replace cash reported stolen from child 's medical fund .  founder said he was touched by aidan sullivan 's story .  surgery to replace aidan 's missing right ear is scheduled for march .
 nra clarifies its stance on arming schools <sec> nra president david keene says there should be discussion first about arming schools .  executive vp wayne lapierre said last week that schools should arm `` immediately '' .  discussion comes after massacre at sandy hook elementary in connecticut .  teacher 's union welcomes nra idea for broad-based discussion .
 7 of europe 's most beautiful villages <sec> tellaro occupies the easternmost tip of the golfo dei poeti .  bibury 's row of 17th century cottages may be the cotswold village 's most scenic area .  french and german influences mix in the well-preserved alsatian village of colma .
 cheltenham festival : more of that pips annie power in world hurdle <sec> more of that beats annie power to world hurdle at cheltenham festival .  11-8 favorite annie power finishes second with multiple winner big buck 's down in fifth .  veteran 11-year-old big buck 's retired after race by trainer paul nicholl .
 israel denies it spied on u.s. in iran nuclear talks <sec> israeli intelligence minister met with french delegation , his spokesman says .  wsj : israel used information it obtained to try to undercut support for a deal .  `` these allegations are utterly false , '' an israeli official says of the spying clai .
 u.s.-russia deal on syrian chemical weapons on the line <sec> new : 70 die in latest violence , opposition says .  u.n. 's ban prods washington and moscow to `` demonstrate their leadership '' .  the united states and france want to keep the threat of force on the table .  russia says it would n't support any resolution authorizing force against the syrian regim .
 police probe deadly blast outside delhi high court <sec> new : police release sketches ; reports surface of claim of responsibility .  home minister : delhi is a terrorist target and is regularly placed on high alert .  this is the second blast outside the court complex in four months .  the bomb is placed in a briefcase outside a gate to the cour .
 europe 's top court hears school crucifix case <sec> italian mother wants representations of jesus out of kids ' classrooms .  she won the last round in court but italy is appealing the ruling .  ten other countries are siding with italy .  judgment could take six months to a yea .
 dubuisson sees off rose and woods to claim turkey title <sec> frenchman completes his maiden european tour win with a composed final round .  justin rose and tiger woods mount final round challenge but eventually fall four short .  jamie donaldson fires ace in round of 63 to claim second place .  adam scott wins his first australian pga championship in queenslan .
 anti-smoking symbol reveals 'worst moment ' <sec> terrie hall of north carolina is featured in harsh anti-smoking ad campaign .  hall describes how 23 years of smoking led to her battling cancer .  her worst moment was immediately after doctors removed her larynx .  she joined the ad campaign because `` it will save lives .
 astronauts finish 5-hour spacewalk <sec> spacewalk last more than five hours ; crews have spent more than 1,171 hours spacewalking .  astronaut terry virts found a small amount of water inside his helme .
 israel shuts down palestinian tv in raid <sec> new : palestinian pm calls it `` piracy '' and slams the middle east quartet .  israeli security forces take transmitters , tapes , computers and paperwork , wattan tv says .  israel says the station 's broadcasts interfered with israeli tv and flight communications .  wattan tv vows to continue broadcastin .
 recording : isis promises more fighting in more iraqi cities <sec> u.s. updates travel warning , saying violence in iraq is at 2007 levels .  u.s. looking at options , which include sharing intelligence .  heavy fighting in tikrit as militants take over much of that city .  half a million people have fled mosul fighting , group say .
 apple 's new 'spaceship ' campus : what will the neighbors say ? <sec> apple is moving forward with `` spaceship '' campus in cupertino .  circular building would house 13,000 employees , be surrounded by greenspace .  the campus was one of last major projects for late ceo steve jobs .  apple plans to begin moving into the campus in 201 .
 u.n. , n. korean meeting in dmz postponed <sec> officers were to discuss sinking of south korean warship .  united nations says meeting could be precursor to higher-level meetings .  north korea maintains its innocence in the inciden .
 man in joker makeup arrested at florida theater <sec> man 's face painted like the joker from the batman movies .  a caller reports him acting suspiciously at a movie theater .  police discover a warrant for his arrest and take him into custod .
