 jaime florcruz on china corruption and zhou yongkang <sec> zhou yongkang became the most senior official to be ensnared in china 's anti-corruption campaign .  are other senior officials worried that they may become the next target ? .  true reform will take a lot more than laying graft charges on individual .
 pakistan official : boys involved in malala attack <sec> boys suspected in attack on malala yousufzai , pakistan 's interior minister says .  official : one boy distracted school van driver , while another sought out malala .  police continue to search for 23-year-old man allegedly involved in attac .
 cricketers at sea : the world 's most pointless sporting contest ? <sec> a cricket match with a difference is held on a sandbank off england 's south coast .  barely an hour of play is possible at each match , with the tide swallowing the pitch .  the outcome of each match , somewhat bizarrely , is decided before play begins .  legendary solo sailor robin knox-johnston is among the better-known player .
 sea the stars wins prix de l'arc de triomphe <sec> sea the stars wins prix de l'arc de triomphe horse race at longchamps .  completes treble after earlier wins in english derby and 2,000 guineas .  irish trained horse bursts clear of rivals under jockey mick kinan .
 charles manson associate bruce davis granted parole on 28th try <sec> a california parole board grants parole to bruce davis , who 'd been sentenced to life .  an associate of charles manson , davis was convicted of murder in a pair of killings .  a governor reversed a board 's decision to grant davis parole twice befor .
 nasa images from space show north korea shrouded in darkness <sec> images taken from space at night show north korea as a black spot .  lights from cities and infrastructure flicker across other east asian nations .  nasa says lights at nighttime illustrate a city 's `` relative economic importance .
 loretta lynch supporters question delays in ag process <sec> the nomination of loretta lynch as u.s. attorney general was announced in november .  she would be the country 's first african-american woman attorney general .  but as her confirmation process drags on , her supporters wonder wh .
 walter scott 's family plans burial <sec> mourners attend visitation service for walter scott .  police meet with man who was passenger in his car when it was pulled over .  michael slager 's lawyer says police are n't being helpful at this poin .
 reserve deputy bates says he did required training <sec> `` i rate this as no . .  1 on my list of things in my life that i regret , '' robert bates tells `` today '' .  he says he did n't mean to kill eric harris and rejects claims his training records were forged .  `` i still ca n't believe it happened , '' bates tells the nbc sho .
 a vet 's battle with lou gehrig 's disease <sec> als , a progressive disease , attacks brain neurons leading to total paralysis .  it affects 20,000 to 30,000 americans at any one time but vets have twice the risk .  the va listed als as a service-connected disease on september 23 , 2008 .  retired vet thomas cuddy navigates va bureaucracy as his disease progresse .
 pakistan accused of cricket match-fixing by own government <sec> pakistan 's cricket team has been accused of deliberately losing two games .  government official alleges pakistan lost to australia to knock out rivals india .  pakistan progressed to champions trophy semifinals after last-ball defeat .  jamshed ahmed dasti also claims pakistan lost semi to nz on purpos .
 lock-down as high-level talks start on n. korea <sec> highest-level talks between u.s. and n. korea since president obama took office unfold in pyongyang .  u.s. envoy stephen bosworth will try to determine if north will return to six-party talks on its nuclear program .  u.s. officials maintain bosworth does not know in advance pyongyang 's position .  north korea 's missile launches and nuke test in april brought u.n. security council condemnatio .
 a real clown would n't mock obama <sec> judy quest : offensive act by `` clown '' at missouri fair mocked obama ; this is not real clowning .  quest , a clown for 32 years , says clown ethics discourage hurtful , racist , sexual humor .  she says rodeo clown sent bad message to children in crowd about respect for president .  quest : clowns are meant to bring happiness , not hur .
 congo rebels start pullout from captured city , witnesses say <sec> rebels piled into trucks as they prepared to leave the captured city of goma , witnesses say .  tensions rise as u.n. peacekeepers prevent rebels taking ammunition and vehicles .  the rebels were told by regional leaders to withdraw at least 12 miles from the city .  residents of goma and the united nations have complained of looting by fighter .
 stimulus money pays fishermen to snare lost nets <sec> worldwide economic downturn has hit fishing industry hard .  stimulus money is paying fishermen to haul up lost nets in puget sound .  nets kill thousands of marine life , birds , mammals each year .  some of the nets are longer than a football fiel .
 expert : use gay slurs controversy to tackle homophobia in sports <sec> `` it is especially damaging because of their increased public profile , '' says john amaechi .  sports leaders can `` turn these negative events into a positive teachable moment , '' expert says .  kobe bryant was fined $ 100,000 for his statement .  chicago bulls center joakim noah was fined $ 50,000 for his slu .
 opinion : obama should pay his interns <sec> cnnmoney reports interns at the white house are unpaid .  john sutter : unpaid internships contribute america 's rich-poor gap .  he says the white house should set a better example for other employers .  sutter : `` ... we 're just encouraging the rich-poor gap to grow .
 blast rocks controversial chinese chemical plant <sec> a blast rocks a chemical plant in china 's southeastern fujian province for the second time in two years .  six were injured after the explosion and are being hospitalized .  the explosion was triggered by an oil leak , though local media has not reported any toxic chemical spill .
 croatia election commission : josipovic wins presidency <sec> ivo josipovic of social democratic party beats milan bandic , says commission .  josipovic won 60.3 percent of the vote , says croatian state election commission .  milan bandic , eight-year mayor of capital , zagreb , garnered 39.71 percent , commission say .
 in tahrir square , 'we talk today as egyptians ' <sec> crowds chant for mubarak to leave .  tahrir square is the focal point of protests .  opposition parties embrace the demonstratio .
 shark kills 19-year-old man off beach on vandenberg air force base <sec> new : authorities release photos of shark bite mark on boogie board .  new : victim was a junior at university of california at santa barbara .  the california military base closes all three of its beaches after attac .
 webber pips alonso to take british grand prix at silverstone <sec> australian mark webber wins the formula one british grand prix for red bull .  webber pips ferrari 's fernando alonso to the checkered flag at silverstone .  defending double world champion sebastian vettel finishes race in third .  alonso retains his lead at the top of the f1 drivers ' championshi .
 top seed azarenka puts out defending champion stosur in u.s. open <sec> victoria azarenka battles past defending u.s. open champion in new york .  world no.1 azarenka wins deciding tiebreak against samantha stosur .  first time in the last four at flushing meadows for belarus star .  she will play maria sharapova or marion bartoli , whose match was halted by rai .
 social media fuels graffiti vandalism at popular park <sec> vandals face a $ 5,000 fine and up to six months imprisonment .  park rangers close more than 300 acres of a popular canyon .  the vast california park is battling rampant graffiti splashed across its rock formation .
 kids race to finish their first triathlon <sec> kids triathlon inc. holds races in six u.s. cities and hopes to expand .  children ages 5 to 10 swim 100 yards , bike three miles and run half a mile .  the organization partners with local ymca and nfl teams to promote an active lifestyl .
 review : 'che ' is brilliant , frustrating <sec> `` che '' has a brilliant first half , but second half is repetitious , says ew .  steven soderbergh 's four-hour film is trying to make a point , but loses steam .  however , benicio del toro is terrific as famed marxist revolutionar .
 floods , mudslides kill scores in el salvador <sec> 40 percent of dead are children , aid group spokeswoman says .  aid is promised , but more is needed as cold front is due tuesday .  at least 130 people killed , dozens missing after heavy rains cause flooding , mudslides .  mudslides unrelated to hurricane ida , officials sa .
 jeremy meeks ' manager says she got death threat <sec> jeremy meeks ' family has hired a representative to manage publicity .  the manager allegedly received harassing phone calls and a death threat .  her staff filed a report with authoritie .
 bubba watson has the stomach for success ... and waffles <sec> bubba watson toasts second masters success with trip to waffle house .  the american secures a three-shot victory over jordan spieth and jonas blixt .  watson wins at augusta national for the second time after his triumph in 2012 .  `` i see myself as a blessed man , '' watson told cn .
 can rotterdam become the world 's most sustainable port city ? <sec> rotterdam 's population totals 615,000 .  90 % of the city is below sea level and is therefore facing a high risk of flooding . .  rotterdam aims to become the most sustainable port city in the world .
 open house : kitchen decor is easier than you think <sec> creating a beautiful kitchen with the original cabinets is n't impossible .  countertops , seating and lighting are key -- accent colors can go a long way .  share your nursery decor in the next cnn open house ireport assignmen .
 what will victory look like for occupy wall street ? <sec> sally kohn says occupy wall street in early stages , but many are eager to know outcome .  she says its existence is already victory over americans ' long season of complacency .  she predicts that the movement will result in a demand for real economic redress of some kind .  kohn : protesters may seek campaign finance reforms ; that they are finally awake is enoug .
 police : fifth suspect arrested in mumbai gang rape case <sec> victim says she and her colleague were approached in a mill compound .  as her friend was tied up , she says , she was taken behind a wall and assaulted .  police say the photographer was attacked in a deserted area of mumbai .  india has seen multiple high-profile sexual violence cases since a new delhi gang rap .
 henrique capriles radonski : the candidate challenging hugo chavez <sec> henrique capriles radonski has been a parliament leader , mayor and governor .  he is backed by a coalition of opposition parties seeking to unseat president chavez .  he was jailed in 2002 during demonstrations against the chavez government .  capriles ' grandparents were polish holocaust survivors but he 's a practicing catholi .
 addressing china 's rising outbound tourism <sec> martin rinck : more and more chinese are traveling around the world .  a more nuanced understanding of the cultural and social backgrounds of chinese travelers is needed .  china 's large outbound tourism numbers make it challenging for industry to adapt at equal pac .
 giuliani : corporate plums help keep nyc afloat <sec> new : nyc mayor : `` when wall street catches a cold , it 's a very serious illness to us '' .  rudy giuliani : cutting bonuses means less spending in restaurants , stores .  president obama chides wall street after report of $ 18.4b in bonuses in 2008 .  giuliani says he used to gauge new york city budget by wall street bonuse .
 folk singer richie havens dead at 72 <sec> new : havens told cnn once that he always had music in his life .  the brooklyn , new york , native , gained attention at woodstock .  stephen stills says havens was on fire when he played .  his cover of the beatles ' `` here comes the sun '' rose on the pop charts in 197 .
 2 dead , 2 cops hurt in shootout outside washington state walmart <sec> new : a sheriff 's deputy describes the situation as `` chaotic '' but `` stabilized '' .  two people are shot dead in a walmart parking lot in port orchard , washington .  two sheriff 's deputies are in tacoma hospital with non-life-threatening injuries .  the male victim had turned and fired at the deputies , after they approached hi .
 philippines flood survivors count blessings <sec> survivors face mud and destruction , but they are thankful for their lives .  floods caused by tropical storm ketsana kill at least 240 people .  more than 80 percent of capital was under water at one point sunday .  ireport.com : are you there ? .  send image .
 watch out , bullies : she 's got the band behind her <sec> barry and grace kolman taught their daughter clarinet to help her cope with bullying .  mano , who has autism , started playing in her middle school band last fall .  her parents say it 's given her a social outlet and a way to express her feelings .  they hope to publish a book so other children with autism can benefit from musi .
 26 killed when suicide bomber attacks mourners in pakistan <sec> the suicide bomber was standing among mourners at a funeral .  the ceremony was for a member of an anti-taliban militia .  on tuesday , a school bus was attacke .
 ex-nfl star darren sharper faces rape allegations <sec> new : nfl network suspends sharper without pay from analyst job .  assaults allegedly happened in october 2013 and this month , police say .  new orleans police say they are also investigating sharper for sexual assault .  sharper was freed from jail after posting $ 200,000 bond frida .
 'game of thrones ' spawns epic baby name boom <sec> hbo 's `` game of thrones '' is inspiring baby names .  according to ssa data , 146 baby girls were named khaleesi in 2012 .  that makes the name more popular than more common names like brand .
 breakfast of champions -- what athletes eat <sec> the right diet can be the difference between a gold and silver medal .  carbohydrate intake is the key to sustaining a punishing training regime .  a sprinter like usain bolt needs to eat 450g of carbohydrates each day .  rehydration with sports drinks is essential during endurance event .
 gulf leaders to discuss eu-style union <sec> new : leaders of the gulf cooperation council arrive in saudi arabia .  a union is needed to `` counter the adventurism '' of iran , an official says .  `` threats of all kinds '' require such a union , the saudi foreign minister says .  bahrain blames iran for the anti-government protest .
 alec baldwin : my 5-month-old got an airport pat down <sec> baldwin says his infant daughter was selected for pat down at nassau airport .  he slams tsa and u.s. travel in a twitter pos .
 death toll at 168 from afghanistan avalanches <sec> authorities fear the toll will grow higher .  panjshir is a small , mountainous provinc .
 why madam president in south korea may not be gender game changer <sec> park geun-hye to become 18th president of south korea -- its first female leader .  moon writes it 's easy to look at park 's future presidency as sign of social change .  park 's father 's legacy has propelled her political career , writes moon .  moon : park 's political record lacks support of policies promoting gender equalit .
 growing beef trade hits india 's sacred cow <sec> india will become the world 's third largest beef exporter this year . .  there is concern that hindu-mandated bans on beef could hamper the industry 's growth . .  the majority of india 's 24 states outlaw the slaughter of cows , forcing the trade underground .
 china sends goodwill pandas to taiwan <sec> pandas will live at taipei zoo , expected to debut during the chinese lunar new year .  panda goodwill the latest sign of warming relations between beijing and taipei .  regular flights began between the two sides for the first time since 1949 .  about 1,590 pandas live in china 's wild , and there were 239 captive bred in 200 .
 balkans flooding : concerns landmines could surface in landslides <sec> new : serbia : `` many cities and villages ... are completely under water '' .  at least 13 people dead in bosnia and herzegovina , government says .  it 's the worst flooding serbia , part of the balkans peninsula , has seen in at least 120 years .  the red cross says surfacing landmines could endanger rescuers and resident .
 is google undermining the 'right to be forgotten ' ? <sec> thousands of people request removal of information about them from google searches .  appeals follow court ruling that members of the public have a `` right to be forgotten '' .  high profile journalists have questioned why their stories have been blocked .  paul bernal says google may be sticking to letter of law to undermine rulin .
 america 's self-defeating cycle in afghanistan <sec> a killing spree in afghanistan follows quran-burning incident .  jeremi suri says the u.s. has had its worst month in the long afghan war .  he says it 's reminiscent of vietnam war , when soldiers turned against population .  suri : u.s. leaders are failing to set and pursue achievable objective .
 town hallers angry at democrats ' health care plan for right reasons <sec> town hallers know government wants to change medicare in ways they do n't like , frum says .  he says changes wo n't kill grandma , but medicare will cover less and cost more .  changes will benefit the uninsured , some of whom ca n't pay for insurance , he says .  frum : resistance to obama 's plan comes because it will be an income transfer progra .
 senators want to fight mexican drug cartels ' expanding influence <sec> senate subcommittee , caucus focus on ways to help mexican leader 's battle .  mexican drug violence , fueled by u.s. guns , cash , is creeping north , senator says .  most guns seized in raids traced to u.s. ; 2,000 cross into mexico daily , he says .  authorities believe cartels have reached into 230 american cities , up from 50 in 200 .
 no clues , no ransom demand in boy 's abduction <sec> police say the boy 's abductors have n't contacted his family .  briant rodriguez taken during home invasion in san bernardino , california .  authorities have posted billboards along u.s.-mexico borde .
 china , u.s. searching for 'face-saving ' solution to chen saga <sec> many ordinary chinese have been in the dark about chen guangcheng 's dramatic escape .  the blind activist had escaped house arrest and sought refuge in the u.s. embassy in beijing .  xinhua : china seeking u.s. apology for giving refuge to a chinese citizen `` via abnormal means '' .  analysts say both sides may seek a compromise solution that could lead to chen leaving for the u.s .
 mexico 's ex-president felipe calderon says he was at boston marathon <sec> felipe calderon expresses solidarity with victims , american people .  the former mexican president says he was watching monday 's marathon .  calderon says he was several kilometers from the finish line where explosions went of .
 a330-200 : ultra-modern and extremely safe <sec> the airbus a330-200 was launched in 1995 .  there are 600 currently in service with 82 airlines , including air france .  expert : a330-200 is reliable , ultra-modern , state-of-the-art airplane .  air france said flight af 447 reported electrical problem .
 belfast council puts lennox to sleep despite outcry <sec> the dog was taken from the family home two years ago .  pit bull-type dogs , among others , are illegal in northern ireland .  lennox never bit anyone , lawyers for the family argued .  a campaign to save the dog went viral , with protests in new yor .
 a slimmer kindle coming in august ? <sec> amazon plans to unveil a thinner kindle with a sharper picture in august .  sources say e-book reader will not have a touch screen or color .  ceo jeff bezos says a kindle with a color reflective screen is still a ways o .
 grandson of slaves : obama is our moses <sec> james `` little man '' presley , 78 , has worked cotton fields since he was 6 years old .  `` there 's a heap of pride in voting for a black man , '' says the grandson of slaves .  his dad died when he was 5 ; obama `` knows what it is to come up without a father '' .  his message : `` the important thing in life is to try to live and do the best you can .
 serie a preview : death of italian football exaggerated <sec> italy 's serie a kicks off on saturday .  champions juventus away at sampdoria on season 's opening day .  italian football has suffered number of problems in recent years .  authorities have struggled in fight against racis .
 kanye west debuts short film at cannes <sec> `` cruel summer '' is kanye west 's short film which premiered at cannes .  kid cudi stars as a car thief who falls in love with a blind arabian princess .  `` cruel summer '' is similar to west 's 2010 short film `` runaway '' in that it 's an extended music vide .
