 knives on a plane ? really ? <sec> the latest tsa move to allow some knives and sports equipment is causing a furor .  flight attendants have created petitions demanding the tsa reverse its policy .  security experts say the policy does n't address the need to evaluate travelers , not thing .
 fugitive iraq vp sentenced to death , official says <sec> new : more than 79 people were killed in violence across iraq .  iraq 's top sunni politician is convicted over the killing of two people .  he 's accused of other crimes , including running a death squad .  he says the charges are politically motivate .
 ufc president hacked after scrapping with anonymous <sec> ufc 's dana white hacked , info published after twitter fight with anonymous .  white supported web piracy bills that anonymous opposed .  white 's social security and cellphone numbers appear to have been posted onlin .
 israel vows 'level-headedness ' amid deadly violence <sec> new : `` hamas will receive its punishment , '' ehud barak says .  attacks and counterattacks have escalated in the past two days .  the palestinian rocket attacks wound three thai workers in israel .  the emir of qatar visits gaza and will increase ai .
 police union draws fire over swearing toddler 'thug ' video <sec> video shows toddler bombarded with obscenities , coached to respond in kind .  omaha police union says it illustrates `` a cycle of violence and thuggery '' .  aclu and african-american leaders blast the video .  omaha police chief condemns posts `` that may cause a divide in our community .
 photos show shooter 's , victim 's fathers embracing <sec> elliot rodger killed six people , including 20-year-old christopher martinez , police said .  rodger 's and martinez 's fathers met june 1 .  on father 's day , photos of the two embracing were release .
 4 people injured in ohio stabbing attack <sec> the suspect was shot by a police officer and is in critical condition , police say .  three people are in critical condition and one in stable condition , authorities say .  incident began in the admissions office of miami-jacobs career colleg .
 opinion : why i 'm proud to wear the burqa <sec> french muslim oumkheyr speaks to cnn about why she chooses to wear the burqa .  has worn the veil for 10 years and never been forced to wear it , she says .  a french parliament report has called for a ban on the burqa in schools , hospitals .  oumkheyr : `` i really believe that france is scared of muslims .
 eric holder : 'we are at a dangerous time ' <sec> holder is concerned about a mix of bomb-makers and foreign fighters .  the u.s. attorney general talks to abc 's `` this week '' .  recent security upgrades are `` not a test , '' he say .
 test your knowledge : black history month quiz <sec> february is black history month .  what do you know about the significant people , places and events that helped shape america ? .  take this quiz to test your knowledge of black histor .
 sports and political oversight do mix <sec> julian zelizer : mcgwire steroids case reminds why congressional inquiry can be useful .  he says sports officials balk at oversight yet take government assistance .  zelizer : football head injury issue is a worthy subject for government investigatio .
 kosovo native plotted bombings , bloodshed in tampa , feds say <sec> a u.s. attorney says the attack was `` imminent '' and the threat was `` very real '' .  authorities thank the muslim community for helping in the investigation .  sami osmakac 's plot included a car bombing , suicide blast , federal prosecutors say .  the 25-year-old man is `` self-radicalized , '' not tied to any terror group , a source say .
 hoy becomes britain 's greatest olympian after taking sixth gold <sec> chris hoy becomes britain 's most decorated olympian after winning sixth gold .  hoy took top honors in the men 's keirin to take second gold of london games .  australia 's anna meares wins gold in the women 's sprint beating victoria pendleton .  laura trott wins women 's omnium event to give team gb seven golds out of te .
 powell questions handling of iraqi defector <sec> colin powell says u.s. intelligence officials should be questioned over their handling of `` curveball '' .  curveball was an iraqi defector whose claims of iraqi weapons of mass destruction have been discredited .  curveball 's claims helped bolster the bush administration 's case for going to war in iraq .  curveball now admits he lied , but says he does n't regret his action .
 great white sharks to be tagged in deadly waters off australia <sec> sharks have killed four people off western australia since september 2011 .  33-year-old diver peter kurmann was killed saturday by a great white .  government spending $ 14m on five-year plan to reduce risk of attacks .  `` intensive '' shark tagging program to begin on saturday , culling ruled ou .
 sailors and marines are rescued after helicopter crash <sec> no serious injuries reported after military helicopter crash in arabian sea .  all 25 sailors and marines rescued from gulf of aden .  navy says no `` hostile activity '' was involved in the cras .
 police officer , bystander killed after houston car chase <sec> new : bellaire officer jimmie norman , bystander killed by gunman .  new : norman , 53 , had been with department for 24 years .  new : other man killed was apparently coming to his aid .  the suspect is listed in critical condition at a hospita .
 kurt busch says his ex patricia driscoll is an assassin <sec> kurt busch 's ex , patricia driscoll , requests a no-contact order , saying he slammed her into a wall .  busch 's attorney denies that ; busch testifies that driscoll is an assassin for u.s. government .  driscoll is a defense contractor ; her attorney says it 's normal for her to carry a weapon but she 's not an assassi .
 real danger of wikileaks dump : curtailed rights <sec> timothy mcnulty says journalism , national security survived lies , will survive wikileaks truth .  he says he 's uneasy that what used to be called spying is now `` transparency '' .  still , he says , we should not use wikileaks to attack free media , increase government secrecy .  mcnulty : filter of news media for wikileaks dump was crucial to responsible presentatio .
 herman cain meets washington 's 'scandal industrial complex ' <sec> herman cain has repeatedly denied sexually harassing women .  ari fleischer : if he is lying , he 's in big trouble .  but if cain is telling the truth , the response to story is disconcerting , fleischer says .  fleischer : washington 's scandal industry has kicked into full gea .
 drone strike kills six suspected militants in yemen <sec> drone strike hits vehicle .  six suspected militants are killed , officials say .  attack occurred in area believed used by al qaed .
 when will the u.s. stop mass incarceration ? <sec> the number of incarcerated americans has quadrupled since 1980 .  lisa bloom : we need to stop warehousing our own people , especially nonviolent offenders .  she says spending on prisons has risen six times faster than spending on higher education .  bloom : why is n't this front and center issue in the presidential campaign .
 north korea accused of ripping off 'call of duty ' in propaganda video <sec> north korean propaganda video pulled off youtube website .  game maker activision says video used scenes from call of duty game .  video appeared as experts say north korea nuclear test imminent .  walt disney company denounced north korea 's use of mickey mouse in 201 .
 '7th heaven ' stars reunite <sec> several `` 7th heaven '' cast members recently reunited .  actress beverley mitchell shared a photo .  all of the cast has continued to act since `` 7th heaven '' ended in 200 .
 chris stevens ' father : carry on his good work <sec> chris stevens ' father writes that his son knew the risks of his job .  he says the ambassador worked to build bridges between americans and libyans .  father : son would not have wanted to be seen as a victim nor to have his death politicized .  stevens ' family vows to continue his work in promoting peace , understandin .
 commentary : stop religious persecution in iran <sec> rainn wilson : i 'm a member of the baha'i faith , founded in the 1800s in iran .  he says the faith has been persecuted on and off for 150 years .  seven baha'i leaders are going on trial in iran on a variety of charges , he says .  wilson : ask your congressman to support a resolution on the baha'i .
 why i 'm swooning over siri ( she told me to ) <sec> the iphone 4s features the ability to hold voice conversations with its owner .  the feature , called siri personal assistant , lets new iphone respond to voice commands .  tell her about any upcoming event and she 'll remind you nearer the time .  mashable 's pete cashmore says this feature could be revolutionar .
 obama : overcoming poverty and violence hard , but can be done <sec> new : president obama says gun violence harms economic growth .  he awards presidential citizens medals posthumously to educators killed in newtown .  the nra opposes obama 's gun plan as a step toward unconstitutional restrictions .  an expert on urban crime says the president 's package would hel .
 eu leaders agree historic cut in long-term budget <sec> eu leaders agree to limit spending to €908 billion ( $ 1.2 trillion ) in a 7-year budget deal .  herman van rompuy says the deal , reached after marathon talks , `` was worth working for '' .  the budget must still be considered by the european parliament .  the eu has been riven by divisions at a time of austerit .
 pakistan 's musharraf ordered held in custody for two weeks <sec> new : a court orders pervez musharraf to be held in judicial custody for two weeks .  new : the former president will be kept under house arrest at his farmhouse , police say .  he is accused of illegally ordering the detention of senior judges in 2007 .  a spokesman for musharraf , who also faces other court cases , said he denies the charge .
 former hostage : i was shamed by western use of torture <sec> massacre in algeria put into focus the threat of islamist jihadists in africa .  fowler spent 130 days held hostage by al qaeda group in niger and mali .  he shares his experience in an extract from his book , `` a season in hell .
 porn star marilyn chambers dies at 56 <sec> new : she had been set to sign contract for off-broadway show with ron jeremy .  marilyn chambers starred in some of the most famous porn movies of '70s .  chambers , once a model for ivory snow , was in `` behind the green door '' .  chambers ' body was found sunday ; investigators do not suspect foul pla .
 conde declares 'a new era ' in guinea <sec> new : u.n. secretary-general ban ki-moon urges guineans to `` accept the results '' .  the independent electoral commission gives conde 52.5 percent of the vote .  the announcement caps a day of violence in the capital .  security forces fire tear gas and live ammo into crowds of demonstrator .
 va. prosecutors wo n't pursue murder charges in officer 's death <sec> gang participation charges will be pursued against suspects .  kevin quick was an auxiliary police officer in waynesboro .  he was last seen january 31 , his remains found february .
 mexican judge found video compelling in case of detained u.s. mom <sec> surveillance video from a bus terminal and the testimony of three witnesses carried the day .  the prosecution 's case was `` not apt or sufficient '' proof , the judge says .  yanira maldonado was arrested because a package of marijuana was under her bus seat .  nobody else is expected to be prosecuted , an official tells cn .
 tylenol product recalled after complaints of moldy odor <sec> some 50-count , 8-hour tylenol caplets are affected .  the drug maker says the `` risk of adverse medical events is remote '' .  the company has a history of recalls involving drugs such as benadryl and motri .
 - cnn.com <sec> many of the world 's apple ipads and iphones are assembled in china .  millions of messages were posted on microblogging sites following his death .  apple 's relationship with china is complicated , including revelations of fake apple store .
 witness talks about fiery jeep crash <sec> jenelle embrey says the fiery crash occurred because of the placement of the fuel tank .  chrysler rejects request to recall 2.7 million vehicles .  it 's the first time since 1996 that an automaker has fully challenged a recall deman .
 california concert cut short by suicide <sec> a concertgoer leapt from the roof of a stage at a winery concert .  the suicide victim was out on $ 150,000 bail after threatening to kill his girlfriend .  the band the swell season has reflected on the incident onlin .
 court-martial approved for soldier charged with killing afghans <sec> new : spc . .  jeremy morlock will face court-martial .  new : recommendation was approved and signed by officer in charge .  documents containing court-martial recommendation obtained by cnn .  morlock is one of 5 soldiers charged with murdering afghan civilian .
 obama seeks another hike in aviation security fees <sec> first increase in aviation security fee in years takes effect in july .  but president obama wants it to go higher , to $ 6 per one-way trip .  airlines have long resisted fee hikes , saying security should be government responsibility .  congress gave in to increase as a way to reduce government spendin .
 suspect charged in deadly new york stabbing , carjacking spree <sec> new : a spokesman for the da says maksim gelman has been charged .  while leaving a nyc precinct , gelman tells reporters , `` it was a set-up , man '' .  he is accused of killing four people -- stabbing 3 and running over another .  his alleged victims include his stepfather , his former girlfriend and her mothe .
 iran prepares for first vote since 2009 demonstrations <sec> in 2009 , allegations of vote-rigging triggered protests and led to deaths .  iranian state television broadcast wall-to-wall programming encouraging residents to vote .  some iranians appeared less than enthusiastic about the electio .
 astronauts to proceed with spacewalk <sec> nasa says international space station astronauts will make a spacewalk on sunday .  astronaut terry virts found a small amount of water inside his helmet this wee .
 passengers capture emergency landing on video from inside plane <sec> a flight from atlanta to white plains , new york , experiences a landing gear problem .  no injuries are reported from the emergency landing .  two passengers on board share their cellphone camera footage .  the landing was `` an incredible moment , '' says one passenge .
 north korea says leader 's uncle was executed <sec> the message : `` do n't mess with kim jong un , '' says north korea expert mike chinoy .  `` this is a stunning development , '' says north korea expert .  jang song thaek was married to kim 's aunt , was vice chairman of the top military bod .
 olympic shooters hug as their countries do battle <sec> reports : sharpshooter says if world learns lesson , `` there would never be any wars '' .  russian , georgian share hug , kiss after winning silver , bronze medals in pistol event .  georgia 's nino salukvadze won medal in 1988 as part of then-soviet union squad .  salukvadze , natalia paderina will face off in another pistol event this wee .
 interpol : malaysia wrong about checks for stolen passports <sec> two iranian men boarded malaysia airlines flight 370 with stolen passports .  malaysia says checking passports against interpol 's database would take too long .  interpol responds , saying the process is very speed .
 on eve of protest , king abdullah dissolves parliament <sec> king abdullah dissolves parliament thursday ; protests are expected in amman friday .  abdullah has fired four prime ministers and dissolved his government in previous months .  muslim brotherhood dismisses the king 's actions , saying 'real ' reforms are neede .
 ouya gaming console sells out on amazon <sec> ouya gaming console sells out in hours on amazon .  android-based console sells for $ 9 .
 australian teen could face jail in indonesia for drug charges <sec> the teen , accused of marijuana posession , has been detained since his october 4 arrest .  he was on vacation with his parents in bali .  the teen could be sent to rehabilitation instead of jail .  indonesia has strict drug laws , with some crimes punishable by deat .
 vettel off to a flier as red bull set the pace in melbourne <sec> sebastian vettel quickest in practice ahead of australian grand prix .  sunday 's race in melbourne is the first of the 2013 formula one season .  vettel first ahead of red bull teammate mark webber in second place .  mercedes ' nico rosberg third fastest , lewis hamilton sevent .
 how to keep your pet safe and happy on halloween <sec> get your pet accustomed to its halloween costume before taking it out on the town .  do n't dress up an aggressive dog and take it out trick-or-treating as trouble may ensue .  practice obedience commands indoors and outdoors so your dog is prepared .  take treats with you to reward your dressed-up dog for behaving wel .
 what we know about ferguson <sec> new : a police officer is suspended for pointing an assault rifle at a protester .  new : attorney general holder meets with residents , brown 's parents .  new : prosecutor : grand jury likely wo n't get entire case until october .  new : backers of police officer who shot michael brown are confronte .
 egypt unveils plan to build new capital <sec> the yet-to-be-named city will be roughly the size of denver .  developers say it could eventually be home to 7 million peopl .
 hollywood severed head mystery solved with arrest , police say <sec> gabriel campos-martinez is charged with killing his former roommate .  a dog walker found hervey medellin 's head near the hollywood sign in january 2012 .  investigators have not revealed a motive for the gruesome killin .
 5 voices on egypt 's 'unfinished revolution ' <sec> hosni mubarak is no longer in power , but protests continue in egypt .  cnn 's ben wedeman talked to prominent egyptians to find out why the country is still in turmoil .  elbaradei : the military has zero experience in managing the country politically .  newspaper publisher : building a democracy takes time ; we must be patien .
 u.s. may remove all troops from afghanistan after 2014 <sec> administration mulls how many troops to leave in country after major pullout .  obama to meet friday with afghan president hamid karzai .  u.s. seeks legal protection for small number of troops left behind .  lack of legal agreement prompted complete pullout from ira .
 cnn student news - august 15 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news .  the weekly newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the new .
 amanda knox vows to fight murder conviction , wo n't 'go willingly ' <sec> new : the u.s. state department wo n't say whether italy has requested extradition .  amanda knox says she will fight to the end , 'wo n't go willingly ' to italy .  knox 's attorney says it is too early to talk about extradition to italy .  raffaele sollecito is stopped near the border with austria and slovenia , italian police sa .
 opinion : stop u.s. hunters from killing the elephants <sec> wayne pacelle : poachers , as well as wealthy u.s. hunters , are killing african elephants .  pacelle : elephants are more valuable to african nations ' economies alive than dead .  he says u.s. import ban and the hunting prohibitions in two african nations may help .  pacelle : it 's time that all african nations with elephants ban trophy huntin .
 ireport : 90-year-olds share secret of long life <sec> both in their 90s the borisewitz are still living a healthy , active life .  holocaust survivors friedel , 92 and robert , 97 are full of life and energy .  they both eat well and friedel regularly swims in the sea off the coast of belgium .  friedel says she sometimes thinks about death but does n't dwell on i .
 nasa called in to support 33 trapped chilean miners <sec> nasa to provide nutritional and behavioral health support .  rescue crews are working on a `` plan b '' to get the 33 trapped miners out faster .  the miners have been told they could be underground for up to 4 months .  the trapped workers have made a 25-minute video featuring messages to loved one .
 remote murtha airport lands big bucks from washington <sec> pennsylvania 's john murtha airport offers three commercial flights .  rep. john murtha has piloted almost $ 200 million from washington to the airport .  airport also receiving $ 800,000 from economic stimulus .  hundreds of airports are slated to receive $ 1 billion in stimulus upgrades , faa say .
