 facebook to overhaul its privacy controls <sec> facebook announces a major privacy-control update .  users will get a tool that asks for photos to be removed from site .  privacy tools will be accessible from the top of every page .  changes will start rolling out to users over next few week .
 scorching southwest bracing for days of dangerous heat <sec> new : those fighting wildfires and other blazes must battle extreme heat as well .  excessive heat warnings extend from northern california to arizona and beyond .  it could reach 129 in death valley -- five degrees short of the all-time record .  temperatures may not fall below 90 at night in some area .
 don mccullin 's war with guilt <sec> photographer don mccullin 's exhibition `` shaped by war '' opened in london friday .  mccullin has photographed wars in vietnam , congo , biafra and the middle east for more than 30 years .  today mccullin is more comfortable shooting landscapes and roman ruins .  mccullin : i 've got a last chapter of my life and i want it to be enjoyabl .
 federer closes on tilden 's u.s. open record <sec> roger federer seeking to match the six straight u.s. open wins of bill tilden .  tilden dominated tennis in the 1920s , winning 10 grand slam titles .  the american legend served two prison sentences on morals charges in the 1940s .  tilden was shunned by the tennis comminty and died at the age of 6 .
 why democrats need labor unions <sec> unions are planning rally august 11 to promote agenda before conventions .  julian zelizer : labor believes neither party has acted with their best interest in mind .  for decades , democrats have had a standoffish attitude to labor unions , he says .  zelizer : democrats must have labor 's support , with all of its organizational powe .
 barcelona mark pep 's century ; nine-man inter held in stalemate <sec> barcelona go five points clear in spain in coach pep guardiola 's 100th match in charge .  spanish champions defeat racing santander 4-0 to bounce back from first defeat .  sevilla move to within a point of third-placed sevilla with 2-1 victory at mallorca .  nine-man inter milan extend italian lead to eight points after 0-0 draw with sampdori .
 new details emerge in case of people held captive in philadelphia <sec> alleged ringleader in case was convicted of starving to death her sister 's boyfriend in 1981 .  the man weighed 75 pounds at the time of his death , newly obtained documents show .  linda ann weston was also investigated in 2009 for claiming benefits for her dead roommate .  police in virginia say they are now re-examining the circumstances of the roommate 's deat .
 mexican authorities : reputed cartel 'queen ' got botox in prison <sec> district attorney 's office : sandra avila beltran got botox in prison on january 10 .  prosecutors probing whether a doctor was snuck in to perform injections .  avila , arrested in 2007 , faces charges related to alleged drug trafficking .  a popular folk band 's song is reputed to have been inspired by he .
 company offers college textbooks for free <sec> flat world knowledge offers free access to digital textbooks online .  the company charges $ 20 for downloadable pdf-format books .  interest in the company is rising ; the service will be at 400 colleges this year .  still , the digital textbook business remains in its infancy , author say .
 brewing giant carlsberg 's sustainability drive pays off <sec> there are 3000 of reverse vending machines dotted around denmark .  bottles and cans themselves are designed to be as sustainable as possible .  90 % of cans and 100 % of the refillable bottles are deposited in the machine .
 belgian city goes meat-free <sec> thursdays will be declared `` veggie days '' in ghent .  residents asked to opt for vegetarian meals at least once a week .  city says eating less meat is healthy and can minimize ecological footprin .
 obama tells republicans he should have worked more with them <sec> new : party leaders name negotiators for tax talks .  president , gop leaders agree to talks on tax cuts .  republican senate leader indicates no leeway on gop call to extend all tax cuts .  the meeting has been dubbed the `` slurpee summit .
 dutch legend cruyff tips spain to win first world cup crown <sec> spain favorites to beat netherlands in sunday 's world cup final , says johan cruyff .  dutch legend is also popular in spain after his time with barcelona as player and coach .  cruyff says spain now have a strong team , not a collection of individuals as before .  spain midfielder andres iniesta says european champions must step up a gear to wi .
 deliver pizzas , wife tells laid-off hubby <sec> rob leblanc lost his $ 55,000 manager job because of the troubled economy .  to keep family out of debt , he took a $ 10 per hour pizza delivery job .  the couple and their four children learned to budget and save .  mom : the experience has `` bought the family closer together .
 ukraine 's president viktor yanukovych defends handling of crisis <sec> viktor yanukovych says his government has `` fulfilled all its obligations '' .  yanukovych is out on sick leave after an acute respiratory disease , his office says .  protesters remain in the streets despite a new amnesty law and biting cold .  the amnesty law says protesters must vacate seized buildings and unblock street .
 engineers : bay bridge woes show need for critical action <sec> falling debris on bay bridge raises questions about repairs after minnesota collapse .  bridge remains shut , snarling traffic across san francisco bay area .  `` i have seen some lip service , but i have not seen a lot of momentum , '' expert say .
 unfriendly to women ? not my gop <sec> some people claim the gop is unfriendly to women , says kay bailey hutchison .  as a u.s. senator for 19 years and a lifelong republican , she disagrees .  the best opportunities for women come from a thriving economy , she says .  hutchison says she has worked on traditional women 's issues her entire caree .
 f1 legend nigel mansell : indycar made me dizzy <sec> nigel mansell is the only driver to hold f1 and indycar titles at the same time .  he pulled off the feat in 1993 after quitting formula one to drive in the u.s . .  the 60-year-old will be a race steward at this weekend 's u.s. grand prix .  he says modern f1 drivers are not `` crazy enough '' to try american car .
 opinion : is hillary clinton the next mitt romney ? <sec> s.e . .  cupp : hillary clinton met with goldman execs , investors , brought reassuring message .  she says that 's at odds with progressive stance of warren , obama . .  how will it play to left ? .  she says clinton courting progressives too ; may have trouble reconciling two camps .  cupp : clinton could end up like romney : out of touch wih 'little people , ' mouthing 90s rhetori .
 mystery surrounds suburban dad , accused terrorist <sec> faisal shahzad lived in suburban connecticut , wife posted on facebook .  documents : shahzad admitted he got bomb-making training in pakistan .  neighbors say shahzad was pleasant but odd , once remarking he did n't like sunligh .
 seven ways mobile phones have changed lives in africa <sec> mobile phone technology has grown significantly over the past decade .  nigeria has close to 100m mobile phone lines , making it africa 's largest telecoms market .  we look at ways that mobile phones have changed lives in afric .
 five internship secrets from superstar college interns <sec> in a structured internship program , there 's less room for busy work .  good internship supervisors do n't just lead -- they also inspire .  lauren berger of internqueen.com says to keep a list of tasks completed .  expert : `` a great internship is an exploration of what you do n't want to do .
 what to do when an airline goes bankrupt <sec> travelers worry as bankruptcy fears swirl around american airlines .  snyder : chances of a big airline failing in the u.s. are incredibly slim .  ultimately , the best advice is to just be alert , he say .
 isis fighter : u.s. airstrikes are n't very effective <sec> an isis defector says the atrocities by the group were too brutal for him .  isis militant : `` these strikes can not stop us , our support or our fighters '' .  he says isis has been bracing for airstrikes and had backup locations .  the isis defector says some western members were `` even more extreme than we are .
 court rules minors can buy 'morning-after ' pill without prescription <sec> appeals panel approved sale of one version , but blocked another pending further review .  groups criticize obama administration for trying to block sales of birth-control pills to girls .  federal government has 14 days to decide whether to challenge the appeals orde .
 valentine 's day , bring human rights into the conversation with iran <sec> gissou nia : feb 14 marks the anniversary of the house arrest of leading opposition figures .  iran 's prisoners of rights include lawyers , students , musicians , bloggers , writes nia .  nia : iranian president hassan rouhani pledged to increase civil and cultural freedoms .  unfortunately , these hopes have gone largely unrealized , she say .
 where pardoned turkeys go to die <sec> each year , an american president `` pardons '' a turkey or two just before thanksgiving .  president barack obama has sent his turkeys to mt . .  vernon for their `` twilight years '' .  but a pardon just means the birds are n't stuffed and eaten ; they 're not expected to live long .  american turkeys are bred to be consumed , many of them at thanksgivin .
 yale grad 's inspiring life over too soon <sec> josh levs : marina keegan , a new yale grad off to promising future , was killed in crash .  he says she embodied idea of reaching for , achieving dreams ; was writer , playwright .  he says some fellow grads who hoped for great things found life intervened .  levs : keegan 's life an example of following instincts , passion , valuing friends and famil .
 george zimmerman trial : where are they now ? <sec> zimmerman found not guilty in death of travyon martin on july 13 , 2013 .  since then , zimmerman has turned to painting to express himself .  martin 's parents speak to groups about preventing ethnic profiling .  jurors have largely stayed out of the spotligh .
 three militants , three soliders killed in yemen <sec> possible al qaeda operatives attack security checkpoint .  three yemeni soldiers were also killed .  security forces capture two militants in southern provinc .
 unicef : poor nutrition is killing children , stunting growth <sec> poor nutrition is one of the main killers of young children , unicef report says .  report : 200 million children younger than 5 suffer from chronic undernutrition .  undernourished kids more likely to suffer from chronic diseases such as heart disease , diabetes .  reducing and eliminating malnutrition is feasible , the report say .
 obama walks the talk on ukraine , 'as we said we would ' <sec> new : finnish official says eu will sanction individuals , not companies .  obama quickly announces new u.s. steps to take the lead on a global response .  u.s. official : further escalation would bring `` severe consequences '' for russia .  sen. landrieu calls counter-sanction against her by russia a `` badge of honor .
 only in iceland : descending into a volcano 's magma chamber <sec> cave explorer dr. árni b stefánsson discovered iceland 's thrihnukagigur 's magma chamber in 1974 .  he fought to open the chamber to visitors .  first tourists went into the volcano in 2012 .  scientists are n't sure why thrihnukagigur 's magma crater is n't sealed shut like other volcanoe .
 swiss soldiers face loss of right to store guns at home <sec> swiss soldiers could lose their famous right to store their weapons at home .  coalition of groups get enough signatures for referendum on gun laws .  they want weapons stored on bases and a national registe .
 alkmaar top dutch standings as pelle scores <sec> az alkmaar beat nec nijmegen 1-0 in dutch league game on sunday .  alkmaar on top by three points from ajax heading into midwinter break .  former lecce striker graziano pelle scores crucial winner for a .
 cleaning out your closet <sec> cleaning out your closet can also clean up your life .  jill martin 's new book , `` i have nothing to wear ! '' .  provides a closet cleanse program .  keeping only your favorite things that fit perfectly is better than a messy , full close .
 rooney and welbeck on target as manchester united thrash tottenham <sec> manchester united beat tottenham hotspur 3-0 at old trafford .  goals from danny welbeck , anderson and wayne rooney seal victory .  united 's second win in a row takes them joint top of the english premier league .  united announce a multi-million dollar sponsorship deal with dh .
 authorities find woman , daughter she allegedly snatched in 1984 <sec> authorities were tipped off after girl , now 32 , applied for a marriage license .  her mother is being held in nevada pending extradition to new jersey .  police say she at first gave another name but later admitted her identit .
 eric garner : walmart to edit ' i ca n't breathe ' ad <sec> the ad features an african-american daughter giving her dad a tight hug .  `` i ca n't breathe , '' the dad jokingly says .  critics say it 's insensitive in the wake of eric garner 's case .  backlash forces walmart to rethink the a .
 nfl brass admits it made a 'crucial mistake ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> top nfl executive tells congressional panel the league made a mistake in its initial disciplining of ray rice .  domestic violence will be taken more seriously going forward , says nfl 's troy vincen .
 my mexican-american identity crisis <sec> ruben navarrette : long , troubled history divides mexicans , mexican-americans .  he says many were forced to leave mexico because of the lack of opportunities there .  mexicans tend to fault those who left ; they remind mexicans of hard times , he says .  navarrette says mexican-americans are caught between two world .
 10 debate moments that mattered <sec> historian doris kearns goodwin says debates reveal character strengths and weaknesses .  1960 debate contrasted `` vigorous '' kennedy with `` sallow '' nixon .  reagan 's humor defused carter 's indignation in 1980 debate .  with a glance at his watch , george h.w . .  bush underscored clinton 's ability to connec .
 french troops begin operation in central african republic <sec> new : number killed in bangui is at least 92 , with 170 injured , aid group says .  `` the operation has begun , '' france 's defense minister says .  u.n. security council backs resolution authorizing african and french intervention .  `` it is clear that urgent action is needed to save lives , '' says u.s. envoy to the united nation .
 are the beatles finally coming to itunes ? <sec> wall street journals says deal was being negotiated as recently as last week .  source also says apple could still change its plans at the last minute .  apple and the group have had a long and often fraught relationshi .
 fugitive u.s. white supremacist captured in israel <sec> israeli authorities apprehend fugitive american white supremacist .  micky louis mayon was one of the 100 most wanted people in the united states .  ku klux klan member accused of burning judge 's car in pennsylvani .
 desperation grows as flooded haiti city awaits aid <sec> gonaives , haiti , cut off from rest of country by flooded roads , washed-out bridges .  some flood survivors say they have n't received aid in a week .  logistical problems prompt aid workers to warn of deepening humanitarian crisis .  at least 341 people have died in four storms in hait .
 gunman killed after opening fire at church <sec> four victims at hospital ; two of them in critical condition .  gunman and one victim dead .  shooter was killed by church `` security staff member , '' police say .  gunman fired on worshippers at colorado springs megachurch , minister say .
 iraq peshmerga fighters arrive in embattled kobani <sec> peshmerga are now inside kobani proper .  a large contingent of peshmerga arrive late friday .  pershmerga arrival is largest reported crossing of reinforcements so far .  more airstrikes carried out in syria and iraq against isis target .
 controversial doctor unveils corpse sex exhibition <sec> cycle of life features 200 human bodies at various life stages .  one exhibit shows male body lying on back with a female sitting astride him .  von hagens : exhibition to teach us about the complexity of the human body .  von hagens performed first uk public autopsy in 170 years in 2002 for televisio .
 oil industry calls on congress to open more areas to drilling <sec> oil industry promises hundreds of thousands of jobs if congress opens more areas to drilling .  department of energy says millions of acres are leased now and not being drilled .  interior department says oil companies are n't applying for deepwater drilling no .
 q & a : was the iranian election rigged ? <sec> analysts explain background to allegations of ballot fraud in iran 's elections .  difficult to prove fraud in absence of any independent monitoring of voting .  president ahmadinejad has exaggerated scale of support , analysts say .  protests set to continue but regime often cracks down on dissenters , they sa .
 from 'futtock ' to 'rollocks ' : 10 strangest sailing terms <sec> mainsail lists ten of the strangest and most humorous nautical words .  sailing and marine sports full of obscure terms and phrases .  terms include `` baggywrinkle , '' `` poop deck '' and `` futtock .
 rihanna on chris brown : we know what we have <sec> rihanna opens up on her relationship with chris brown in the new rolling stone .  she says that she decided it was more important to be happy .  rihanna : `` even if it 's a mistake , it 's my mistake .
 how termite-inspired robots could build for us <sec> small robots can behave like termites to build structures .  the idea might be applied to send robots to space .  these robots have wheel-legs called `` whegs '' .  project was launched at harvard university engineering schoo .
 ohio high schoolers head back to class after fatal shooting <sec> grief counselors and police are at the school on friday .  staff have spent two days preparing for the students ' return , the superintendent says .  three students died in the monday shooting in chardon , ohio .  t.j. lane was charged thursday with three counts of aggravated murde .
 lawsuit : seth macfarlane 's 'ted ' stole vulgar bear <sec> company claims `` ted '' is `` strikingly similar '' to `` charlie the abusive teddy bear '' .  `` charlie '' appeared on youtube and funnyordie.com in 2009 , three years before `` ted '' .  `` ted '' copies `` charlie 's '' story , persona , voice , attitude and dialogue , the suit says .  seth macfarlane has not immediately responded to requests for commen .
 review : 'the best exotic marigold hotel ' <sec> maggie smith ( `` potter 's '' professor mcgonagall ) plays a woman afraid of anything foreign .  `` slumdog millionaire 's '' dev patel plays an ambitious fellow named sonny .  `` marigold hotel '' sells something safe and sweet to an underserved share of the moviegoing marke .
 prosecutors : theater shooting suspect told classmate he wanted to kill people <sec> new court documents reveal conversations about wanting to kill .  holmes is accused of killing 12 and injuring 58 others .  prosecutors say holmes also made threats to a professo .
 stewart rally 's point -- do n't divide us <sec> john avlon : the `` restore sanity '' rally emphasized moderation and humor .  he says the big crowd yearned for an alternative to extreme partisanship .  avlon says some tried to spin it as a liberal event , but the real theme was a centrist one .  hyperpartisans should `` stop trying to divide americans in an attempt to conquer , '' he say .
 seven u.s. troops die in iraq vehicle accident <sec> new : u.s. says nine insurgents killed in operation in diyala province .  new : curfew in baghdad slightly shorter during coming month of ramadan .  vehicle rollover kills seven u.s. troops near baghdad .  twelve militants killed in fighting between troops and insurgents near samarr .
 freed from haiti , missionary returns 'with mixed emotions ' <sec> new : last group member in custody says she expects to be released soon .  charisa coulter is ninth member of american group to be released .  coulter was one of 10 americans accused in haiti kidnapping case .  group accused of trying to illegally remove children from haiti after earthquak .
 red bull clock quickest pit stop ever <sec> red bull set record for formula one 's quickest pit stop .  mark webber 's second stop in malaysia clocked at 2.05 seconds .  the previous record was held by mclaren for a pit stop on jenson button 's car in 2012 .  red bull claim to have broken the record on five occasions during malaysian grand pri .
 why schools are dropping 'redskins ' ( opinion ) <sec> recently , schools are deciding to retire the term 'redskins ' for their mascots .  simon moya-smith : it 's a dictionary-defined racial slur that 's dehumanizing to native american .
 will china finally 'bite ' north korea ? <sec> north korean officials said the korean armistice agreement is to be scrapped .  jennifer lind : even beijing signed on to sanctions against its longtime ally .  has china finally had enough ? .  but she says china may still prefer the status quo .  lind : if north korea collapses , it could potentially destabilize the region , which china fear .
