 joe manganiello and sofia vergara reportedly engaged <sec> `` magic mike '' star manganiello reportedly proposed on christmas day .  the pair have been dating for six months .  he told people she is `` just gorgeous .
 all aboard : railroad adventures for every budget <sec> the poughkeepsie-highland rr bridge is now the longest elevated pedestrian bridge .  book a `` roomette '' on amtrak 's empire builder for a comfortable , mid-price ride .  a view of the canadian shield is just one highlight of via rail 's canadian rid .
 adventurer sets sights on the sun for an 'impossible ' dream <sec> bertrand piccard is a ballooning record-setter ; wants to fly around the world in a solar plane .  he says he wants to demonstrate the potential of renewable energy to replace fossil fuel .  piccard says in a ted talk that thinking creatively requires the ability to jettison familiar ideas .  he says , `` we have to get rid of certainties , habits , paradigms , common assumptions .
 pakistan intelligence blamed for afghan attacks <sec> afghanistan : pakistan is `` largest center for breeding and exporting terrorism '' .  attacks carried out by islamic militants have killed scores of people in afghanistan .  pakistan intelligence service often accused of orchestrating attacks .  pakistan : afghan lawmakers making allegations without proo .
 world cup : colombia to face brazil in quarterfinal <sec> colombia to face brazil in world cup quarterfinal .  colombia defeats uruguay .  first time country has qualified for last eight .  james rodriguez scores stars with two goal .
 rosberg eats into hamilton 's title lead with brazil win <sec> nico rosberg wins brazil gp at sao paulo .  holds off mercedes teammate lewis hamilton .  felipe massa finishes third in front of home fans .  title race will go down to the final round in abu dhab .
 drunk contractors cause harm in afghanistan , lawsuit alleges <sec> the videos are part of a lawsuit by two former employees .  the company says it has made changes since the videos were made public .  `` the company is deeply concerned about any employee misconduct , '' jorge scientific sa .
 angola next stop on hillary clinton 's africa tour <sec> secretary of state hillary clinton to visit angola on sunday .  african country is major supplier of petroleum , liquefied natural gas to u.s. market .  clinton to visit seven african nations in 11 day .
 20 questions about the iran nuclear deal <sec> u.s. pulled support of iran 's nuclear program during islamic revolution .  since the revolution , the west has worried iran may produce atomic weapons .  france , u.s. , uk , russia , china , germany -- and iran -- have been negotiating deal .  the deal slows iran 's program in exchange for lighter sanction .
 for isis , tough times as it seeks to regroup <sec> isis fighters have been driven out of kobani in syria and pushed back in iraq .  but the group still controls large areas of iraq and syria .  experts say the fight against isis is likely to take several year .
 obama finally meets machiavelli <sec> gordon stewart says obama 's second inaugural speech made up for the mistakes of his first .  stewart : obama spoke as a leader who is prepared to make choices and fight for them .  he says unlike the disappointing first inaugural speech , there was no blame this time .  stewart : both obama 's supporters and opponents have a clearer idea of what he will do nex .
 democrats have a hypocrisy problem <sec> some democrats are complaining about a wall street regulatory rollback included in the recently passed spending measure .  but many supported the very same provision in previous legislation .  lawmakers on both sides of the aisle are hoping to escape responsibility for writing that part of the la .
 olmert : no peace in gaza till hamas rockets stop <sec> new : idf says air force carried out about 40 airstrikes wednesday .  hamas willing to stop fight if israel lifts gaza blockade , russia says .  gaza operation 's goal is to stop rockets , israeli prime minister says .  at least 390 palestinians , four israelis reported killed since saturda .
 armed suspect stole car before killing virginia tech officer <sec> new : more than $ 31,700 is raised for the slain police officer 's family .  he stole a mercedes at gunpoint wednesday in radford , according to police .  video from the slain officer 's car shows a man with a gun before thursday 's shooting .  he changed out of his clothing after that shooting , and eventually killed himsel .
 drowning islands warn of future perils for 'environmental refugees ' <sec> carteret islands of papua new guinea losing land to rising sea levels .  evacuation of islanders planned ; number of environmental refugees predicted to rise .  from greenland to lake chad many areas feeling negative effects of climate change .  many groups warn of caution when using term 'climate refugee .
 cancer could n't stop him from his marathon goal <sec> brian fugere was an active 47 year old before being diagnosed with cancer .  while hospitalized he was inspired by a book so he walked the hallways .  later that year he did 144 laps around the hospital -- 26.2 miles -- to raise funds for charity .  fugere continues to run and raise money for sarcoma researc .
 opinion : memo to modi -- three ways to jumpstart india 's economy <sec> new indian prime minister narendra modi enters office with a big mandate for change .  ravi agrawal says modi will need to move quickly to carry out his economic program .  he should focus on making india more competitive , an easier place to do business .  agrawal : india 's infrastructure is lacking ; `` birth to death '' corruption must be addresse .
 lin inspires new york knicks to last-gasp win <sec> jeremy lin 's personal haul of 27 points and 11 assists gave the knicks their sixth-straight win .  lin surpassed shaquille o'neal 's league record for the most points in his first five starts .  toronto 's jose calderon finished with 25 points , nine assists , and seven rebound .
 11 new hotels we ca n't wait to check into in 2015 <sec> sls ' third hotel will be located in new york 's trendy nomad neighborhood .  four of italy 's finest interior designers fitted out ho chi minh city 's reverie saigon with chandeliers and jeweled beds .  park hyatt will be opening a 67-room hotel in the unesco world heritage-listed stone tow .
 opinion : would the 'first conservative ' recognize today 's right ? <sec> british thinker edmund burke often considered the `` first conservative , '' david frum says .  yet burke would differ from the radical individualism of today 's u.s. conservatives , he says .  frum says burke saw the importance of community , continuity and responsibility .  frum : two new books show the need for taking burke 's philosophy seriously toda .
 official : helicopter crashes in afghanistan , likely killing 4 americans <sec> a black hawk helicopter crashes in afghanistan , a u.s. military official says .  all four of its crew members -- all of them american -- are believed to be dead .  troops waiting to be picked up saw the aircraft go down , the official say .
 euro 2012 playoff seeds announced <sec> uefa have announced the seeds for the euro 2012 playoffs .  portugal , republic of ireland , czech republic and croatia are the seeds .  turkey , montenegro , estonia and bosnia herzegovina complete the draw .  the two-legged ties will be played on november 11/12 and 1 .
 baseball gives special-needs kids 'something to brag about ' <sec> special-needs baseball league near atlanta has nearly 300 children .  some players use a wheelchair , but others are ambulatory .  field is made of a rubberized material that allows wheelchairs to move more easily .  there are no umpires , and no one really keeps scor .
 south sudan claims death of rebel leader <sec> south sudan 's vice president announced the death of lt. gen. george athor .  the claim has not been verified by an independent body . .  athor rebelled after losing a gubernatorial election in the spring of 201 .
 fiorina jumps into high-profile california senate race <sec> former hewlett-packard ceo was first woman to lead fortune 500 company .  she will face off with conservative assemblyman for gop nomination .  recent poll found 60 percent of state 's republican voters undecided .  winner will face incumbent barbara boxer in novembe .
 voice controls let blind gamer 'hang ' with friends online <sec> blind gamer is able to 'hang with friends ' via social gaming .  debbie fisher , 37 , has been legally blind for most of her life .  using the voice over program , she 's able to play `` hanging with friends , '' a hangman-like game .  some games work with voice commands , but fisher says this one lets her communicate , to .
 anti-abortion activists mark roe v. wade anniversary with demonstration <sec> sunday was the 39th anniversary of the decision that legalized abortion .  hundreds gather in lafayette park to demonstrate against abortion rights .  `` life has value '' no matter what age , former arkansas gov . .  mike huckabee says .  obama says he remains `` committed to protecting a woman 's right to choose .
 brics leaders gather in india amid protests <sec> protests in indian among the tibetan community against chinese president hu jintao .  hu arriving in new delhi for thursdays brics summit of fast growing emerging economies .  a tibetan demonstrator who set himself ablaze in protest against beijing died wednesday .  leaders of brazil , russia , india , china and south africa will meet on economic issue .
 death toll in brazil flooding continues rising <sec> forecasters say more flooding and landslides could hit sao paulo state .  at least 655 deaths are reported in rio de janeiro state .  officials warn of the risk of waterborne diseases .  troops arrive to help rescue those who are trappe .
 alleged mexican drug trafficker snagged <sec> luis rodriguez olivera was arrested tuesday at mexico city airport .  authorities say he has worked for several cartels .  the united states offered a $ 5 million reward for hi .
 devastation in a philippine valley where typhoons are n't expected <sec> at least 418 people have died as a result of typhoon bopha , filipino officials say .  that includes 142 people in the town of new bataan , the government reports .  some residents in the remote area did n't hear warnings , others ignored them .  survivors are in desperate need of water , food and shelter , a relief worker say .
 ceelo green accused of giving woman ecstasy , but da declines rape charge <sec> ceelo green pleads not guilty to drug charge .  green 's lawyer says she 's pleased da rejected `` false and unfounded claims '' of rape .  green is accused of slipping ecstasy to a woman while the two were dining , da says .  prosecutors cited insufficient evidence for a charge of rape of an intoxicated perso .
 boko haram and isis : new allies ? ( opinion ) <sec> boko haram has reportedly pledged its allegiance with isis .  peter pham : in short term , the merger wo n't have big impact on battlefiel .
 royal ascot : leading light holds off queen elizabeth ii 's estimate <sec> leading light wins thrilling gold cup .  queen elizabeth ii 's filly estimate comes close to defending gold cup title .  day three of ascot is also ladies ' da .
 charlie hebdo : families lay store victims to rest <sec> four hostages shot dead in the paris kosher store siege are laid to rest in a jerusalem cemetery .  israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu and other top officials speak at a state ceremon .
 'the losers ' wins on points <sec> `` the losers '' is based on andy diggle 's vertigo comic book .  film stars chris evans , jeffrey dean morgan , columbus short and zoe saldana .  it musters a modicum of snap , crackle and pop , but it 's hard not to feel short-change .
 australian towns brace for more flooding ; death toll rises <sec> new : police say 10 people have died in flooding since november 30 .  police : city of 75,000 now cut off by floodwaters .  forecasters expect water levels will crest on wednesday .  australian prime minister says damages could cost `` hundreds of millions of dollars .
 cleric : karzai sought help to mediate afghan taliban talks <sec> cleric maulana samiul haq says karzai asked him to mediate talks with the afghan taliban .  haq is known as one of the spiritual leaders of the taliban movement .  president karzai , in pakistan for talks , has not commented on the cleric 's claim .  the taliban deny that there have been meetings with the afghan governmen .
 12 dead in chile wildfire ; 2,000 homes consumed <sec> strong winds are fanning the flames in valparaiso .  500 firefighters from seven provinces are battling the fire , but wind is complicating efforts .  chilean president michelle bachelet declared a state of emergenc .
 james foley 's parents : negotiate with isis <sec> james foley 's parents said the u.s. should talk and eventually negotiate with isis . .  foley 's parents said the u.s. should reevaluate its policies on negotiating with terrorists .  the parents said they hope journalists will continue to cover war zones like their son did .
 5 ways facebook changed us , for better and worse <sec> facebook turns 10 next week and has undeniably changed how many of us live .  for many of those changes , there are positive and negative sides .  in the facebook age , there 's rarely such thing as a long-lost friend .  but some folks still have n't figured out etiquette of social sharin .
 police : 'jena 6 ' teen arrested after another school fight <sec> bryant purvis , 19 , is facing misdemeanor assault charges , police say .  fight involving jena 6 teen does not appear to be racially motivated , official says .  purvis allegedly choked a teen who he thought flattened friend 's car tires .  teen , whose bond is $ 1,000 , is still awaiting trial in the jena 6 cas .
 survey : cadillac escalade suv is the car thieves love to steal <sec> the highway loss data institute calculates the theft rate of recent models .  the cadillac escalade suv tops the list .  the chevrolet silverado and the dodge charger take second and thir .
 setback for first lady in food fight with congress <sec> michelle obama is fighting gop-led effort to slow adoption of nutrition standards .  rules approved in 2010 aim to promote healthy eating in school lunches .  but republicans say some schools ca n't afford to implement the new standards .  they proposed a one-year waiver for financially strapped schools , democrats failed to block chang .
 what we know about george clooney 's fiancee <sec> amal alamuddin has reportedly snagged george clooney .  she is a respected international lawyer .  alamuddin has not talked publicly about their relationshi .
 cristiano ronaldo vs. lionel messi vs. franck ribery for 2013 ballon d'or <sec> cristiano ronaldo , lionel messi and franck ribery shortlisted for 2013 ballon d'or .  the winner will be announced in zurich on january 13 .  alex ferguson , jupp heynckes and jurgen klopp up for the coaching accolade .  women 's winner to come from shortlist of marta , abby wambach and nadine angere .
 dozens of occupy protesters arrested in texas , oregon <sec> four more protesters are arrested in austin , texas .  police arrest more than 24 people in portland , oregon , after warnings that a park is closed .  portland mayor : authorities `` worked really hard '' to minimize confrontation .  scores of `` occupy '' demonstrations continue across the countr .
 chelsea cruise into club world cup final <sec> chelsea beat monterrey 3-1 to reach fifa club world cup final .  european champions chelsea to play brazil 's corinthians in sunday 's showpiece match .  goals from juan mata , fernando torres and an own-goal from darvin chavez sealed win .  copa libertadores winner corinthians beat al-ahly on wednesda .
 raikkonen returns to f1 with renault <sec> 2007 world champion kimi raikkonen will return to f1 in 2012 .  the 32-year-old finn has signed a two-year deal with renault .  raikkonen initially left f1 in 2009 and has since raced in wrc and nascar .  renault team boss eric boullier says raikkonen 's motivation is `` huge .
 over 360 cases of mumps in central ohio , most of them tied to osu <sec> columbus health department : 361 cases of mumps in central ohio .  agency reported 63 mumps cases a few weeks ago .  `` a lot of these people who got mumps were vaccinated , '' state official says .  11 of those infected were treated in hospitals , but none are there no .
 'birdman , ' 'boyhood ' lead independent spirit nods <sec> `` birdman '' earns six independent spirit award nominations .  `` boyhood , '' `` selma , '' `` nightcrawler '' all receive five .  independent spirit awards go to american films with budgets below $ 20 million .  many of last year 's winners won oscar .
 arrests over hong kong acid attack <sec> two men arrested in connection with hong kong acid attack last month .  man and five women were injured in the attack in bustling shopping area .  younger of the two arrested was released on bai .
 mood darkens in beijing amid crackdown on 'illegal foreigners ' <sec> new regulations demand all foreigners carry a valid passport , visa and resident permit .  locals can also call a number for a hotline to report `` suspicious foreigners '' .  campaign comes amid a heated online debate about poor behavior of foreigners in china .  some expat residents in china report increasing hostility towards the .
 man restrained after becoming unruly on iceland to new york flight <sec> a male passenger was yelling profanities and spitting at fellow passengers .  a photo shows a man restrained in his seat with duct tape and zip ties .  such restraints are standard protocol , iceland air say .
 al qaeda may target new york trains , feds say <sec> suicide bombers may be used against new york transit , government says .  joint fbi , department of homeland security statement says plot unconfirmed .  attack could be planned for holiday season , statement say .
 manufacturing giant recalls melamine tainted tea <sec> unilever recalls four batches of lipton milk tea sold in hong kong .  unilever hong kong describes it as a precautionary measure .  chinese milk products have been contaminated with melamin .
 online student-teacher friendships can be tricky <sec> some teachers use sites like myspace to help connect , communicate with students .  critics say the online communication breeds inappropriate relationships .  proposed law would ban teachers from having online friendships with students .  teacher says predators will get to children even if online friendships barre .
 one thing we owe to steve jobs <sec> simon garfield : new iphone was introduced without steve jobs .  he says one of jobs ' great accomplishments was popularization of typefaces .  suddenly consumers could express themselves through choice of fonts , he says .  garfield : jobs has been an enduring tech inspiratio .
 euro 2012 final : can italy stop spain 's bid for history ? <sec> holders spain to meet italy in sunday 's euro 2012 final in kiev .  spain aiming to become first nation to win three successive major tournaments .  italy looking for first euros triumph since 1968 , but won world cup in 2006 .  spain 's dominance and style has been labeled `` boring '' by some critic .
 opinion : in praise of 'slacktivism ' and the end it movement <sec> the end it movement is drawing attention to modern slavery .  an estimated 27 million people are enslaved today .  john sutter : their online efforts could be disparaged as `` slacktivism '' .  he says their online campaigns , however , have led to real-world chang .
 ugandan opposition leader hurt in protest march <sec> kizza besigye was shot in the hand , apparently by a rubber bullet .  `` just shortly after they started firing , i was hit '' .  the walk was intended to highlight the fact that many can not afford public transport .  a police spokeswoman said the march violated the la .
 by the numbers : u.s. war veterans <sec> world war ii veterans are aging fast , and there are just under 2 million remaining in the u.s . .  more than 16 million americans served in the conflict from 1941 to 1945 .  the last world war i veteran died in february 2011 at age 11 .
 haiti 's new leader makes rounds in washington , vows transparency <sec> martelly says he will set up an e-governance system to stave corruption .  he was officially named the winner of the presidential vote .  even before that , he was meeting officials in washington .  he faces many challenges in ensuring progress for the quake-devastated natio .
 candidates , give us a reason to vote in 2012 <sec> ruben navarrette : we 're about to see the start of the voting for election 2012 .  he says voters in both parties are ambivalent about the choices .  gop ca n't seem to crown a front-runner ; liberals lukewarm on obama , he says .  navarrette : many people may choose not to vote , unless candidates rise to the occasio .
