 kanye and kim sue over leaked kardashian proposal video <sec> lawsuit accuses youtube co-founder chad hurley of secretly recorded the proposal .  the video shows west kneeling to ask kardashian to marry him .  hurley violated his confidentiality agreement `` out of desperation '' .  the entrepreneur `` finagled entry '' into the exclusive party , the lawsuit say .
 prosecutors set out their case in hosni mubarak 's trial <sec> prosecutors show scenes of police brutality against protesters during the uprising .  mubarak is charged with ordering the killing of protesters .  the ex-president , who entered court on a stretcher , also faces corruption charge .
 living as if they had only one day left <sec> `` the buried life '' follows four friends as they accomplish tasks on their bucket list .  the show has motivated many young adults to pursue their goals early on in life .  `` what do you want to do before you die ? '' .  became the premise for the mtv serie .
 police arrest woman they say accepted beer from connecticut shooter <sec> police say they have a videotape of the woman accepting stolen beer .  the connecticut shooter is not clearly visible in tape .  omar thornton 's employer said it asked him to resign for stealing and selling its beverage .
 fifa : governments must help in match-fixing fight <sec> world football 's governing body calls on governments to help in battling match-fixing .  fifa security chief reacts to report from europol claiming 380 matches were in question .  ralf mutschke says match-fixers face low risk and high gain due to weak prison sentences .  hungary 's debrecen confirms matches against liverpool and fiorentina under investigatio .
 muslim weightlifter 's wish to dress modestly triggers debate <sec> kulsoom abdullah wants to keep her body covered during official competitions .  the international weightlifting federation will consider her complaint .  rules specify outfits must be collarless and must not cover the elbows or knees .  the usoc has received some messages opposing a rule chang .
 guitarist jim hall , played with jazz greats , dead at 83 <sec> new : jim hall legitimized the guitar as an instrument in jazz , guitarist julian lage says .  hall 's guitar had `` a really full , nice , round , sweet sound , '' guitarist russell malone says .  `` he was the kindest person in the world , '' his wife says .  he was the first jazz guitarist given the nea 's jazz masters awar .
 kinect could make its way to laptops <sec> system would allow for gesture recognition in portable devices for the first time .  3-d gesture control on a laptop could offer more interactive , kinect-style pc gaming .  xbox kinect console itself is already in 18 million households the world ove .
 lawsuit says purina food harmful to dogs <sec> company : `` we believe the lawsuit is baseless , and we intend to vigorously defend ourselves '' .  lawsuit says beneful dog food produced by purina nestle petcare can sicken and kill dog .
 kids ' inaugural show draws top teen stars <sec> new : at concert , michelle obama urges young people to get involved now .  concert features the jonas brothers , miley cyrus , bow wow and demi lovato .  billy ray cyrus , keke palmer and usher make introductions .  did you miss the show ? .  it 's available later on disney.co .
 inzaghi hat-trick upstages beckham deal <sec> filippo inzaghi fires hat-trick in milan 's 3-0 win over atalanta at the san siro .  double celebration for fans as david beckham 's milan future is also resolved .  beckham will stay at san siro for rest of season and the rejoin l.a. galax .
 first openly gay episcopal bishop to retire <sec> gene robinson , openly gay bishop in new hampshire , announces retirement .  he says schism within episcopal church , death threats are factors .  he will continue serving as bishop until january 201 .
 fbi will try to rebuild boston bombs <sec> remains of a pressure cooker found at scene , official says .  fbi technicians will attempt to reconstruct the boston bombs .  scraps of metal and black nylon were found at the scene .  `` the range of suspects and motives remains wide open , '' fbi agent say .
 afghan girl has first case of polio in kabul in 13 years <sec> polio has been eradicated in most of the world .  it is still endemic in afghanistan , pakistan and nigeria .  the disease can cause permanent paralysi .
 michael jordan reaches deal to buy nba 's bobcats <sec> michael jordan buys controlling stake in charlotte bobcats franchise .  jordan has been running team 's basketball operations .  businessman robert johnson had been looking to sell tea .
 woman crushed by news her father allegedly abducted her friend <sec> arlene castro said she was with gina dejesus just before she went missing in 2004 .  `` america 's most wanted '' featured arlene castro in 2005 story on dejesus .  authorities say dejesus was held captive for years by arlene 's father , ariel .  `` i 'm ... embarrassed , mainly devastated , '' arlene castro says no .
 'animal practice ' canceled <sec> nbc is yanking `` animal practice '' from wednesday nights next month .  `` whitney , '' however , is coming back , but there 's still no word on `` community '' .  `` animal practice '' will be replaced by `` whitney '' starting november 1 .
 at naval academy graduation , lives of mccain , obama overlap <sec> son of sen. john mccain , the former gop presidential candidate , graduates .  jack mccain shakes hands with obama , who delivers commencement address .  he is the fourth mccain to graduate from naval academy .  obama vows to not send them to war unless it is `` absolutely necessary .
 brazil formalizes asylum offer for iranian woman sentenced to stoning <sec> new : `` i was asking to reconsider the hypothesis , '' says brazil 's foreign minister .  `` the united states is deeply concerned '' about the case , clinton says .  iran says lula lacks enough information about the case of sakineh mohammadi ashtiani .  brazilian president lula : `` we would receive her with arms wide open .
 seattle to pay $ 1.5 million to kin of man fatally shot by police <sec> the woodcarver was crossing a street with a knife .  the officer shoots him when he does n't drop the knife .  aclu : it is unclear whether the partially deaf man heard the order .  the justice department has launched a federal probe of the departmen .
 platini bemoans champions league focus on coaches <sec> michel platini says coaches have dominated buildup to champions league final .  mourinho and van gaal aiming to become the third manager to win tournament with two teams .  van gaal says inter play to win and bayern play `` beautiful football and win '' .  mourinho will decide his future in the next `` four or five days .
 indonesia faces up to its brutal history with 'the look of silence ' <sec> documentary 'the look of silence ' show legacy of 1965 massacre in indonesia .  film premiered with government support in jakarta on monday .  filmmaker believes country is slowly coming to terms with its brutal past .  says unless those responsible for crimes are punished country will can not be a genuine democrac .
 inmates kill themselves after taiwan prison drama <sec> six inmates take two hostages , break into weapons cache at taiwan prison .  hostages freed , inmates commit suicide after 14-hour standoff .  the man , some convicted murders , complained of mistreatmen .
 zimbabwe cholera cases pass 60,000 <sec> world health organization reveals number of cholera cases is more than 60,000 .  health experts believe the disease is not under control or slowing .  no sanitation or clean water , piles of garbage help spread disease .  president announced disease down , but numbers belie that statemen .
 about 1.7 million still without power as northeast recovers from storm <sec> new : power outages fall to about 1.7 million in five states .  deaths attributed to storm rise to 13 .  trick-or-treat postponements spread through northeast .  roads could ice up again , and fallen power lines remain a risk , officials sa .
 christine o'donnell : how 'd she do ? <sec> o'donnell , coons face off in first debate .  o'donnell has largely avoided the national media .  she came across as aggressive but stumbled on a question about supreme court cases .  immediate reaction form the blogosphere was mixe .
 orlando shooting suspect had recently filed for bankruptcy <sec> in bankruptcy filing , jason s. rodriguez listed assets at $ 4,675 , liabilities at $ 89,873.31 .  he owed money for child support , rent , credit card , phone service , back taxes .  rodriguez said his monthly income was $ 890.67 and monthly expenses were $ 81 .
 air travel tax refund procedure still fuzzy <sec> fliers who bought tickets before the faa shutdown might be entitled to a tax refund .  tickets purchased before july 23 for travel from july 23 until the faa is restored are eligible .  some airlines have agreed to coordinate refunds with the internal revenue service .  the irs is developing procedures to process the air travel tax refund .
 fidel castro unveils 1,000-page memoir <sec> castro was president of cuba until 2008 , when he passed power to his brother .  he unveiled a two-volume memoir in a six-hour presentation saturday .  the books cover his life from infancy to the eve of victory of the cuban revolution in 195 .
 real-life 'soup nazi ' reopens shop in manhattan <sec> soup kitchen international reopened tuesday .  al yeganeh was made famous in an episode of `` seinfeld '' .  his midtown manhattan store had been closed for 6 years .  yeganeh is expected to make sporadic appearances at the stor .
 going into battle armed with a trumpet <sec> jack tueller learned to play the trumpet as a child growing up in wyoming .  louis armstrong once told him , `` always play the melody , man '' .  tueller became a world war ii pilot and carried his trumpet in his cockpit .  he says his playing once prevented a german sniper from killing hi .
 deal could return zelaya to honduran presidency , analysts say <sec> negotiators for president manuel zelaya and de facto president roberto micheletti reach deal .  two sides to form a government of national reconciliation that could reinstate zelaya .  zelaya forced out of country in june 28 coup , replaced by legislative leader micheletti .  crisis stems from zelaya 's referendum plan that may have given president longer ter .
 boko haram leader : is there a method to his madness ? <sec> abubakar shekau is ruthless when dealing with dissent among his followers .  he took the reigns of boko haram after the death of mohamed yusuf in 2009 .  some analysts wonder if kidnapped girls will be used as bargaining chip .
 iranian warships sailing through suez poses prickly decision for egypt <sec> iran has submitted a request for two ships to sail through the suez canal .  egypt is bound by a treaty to allow them to pass .  but israeli foreign minister avigdor liberman calls it an act of provocation .  the situation could further escalate tensions in the regio .
 smoke spews from 2 reactors at stricken japanese nuclear plant <sec> new : the u.s. military is considering mandatory evacuations in yokosuka , an official says .  high levels of radioactive iodine and cesium have been found in milk and spinach .  who says there 's no immediate health risk from contaminated foo .
 injury forces zvonareva out of australian open <sec> former world no.2 announces withdrawal from opening grand slam of 2013 .  the 28-year-old russian has a injury to right shoulder .  follows a 2012 season marred by injury and illness where she played only 10 event .
 nhl cancels first two weeks of regular season <sec> nhl calls off first 82 games of the 2012-2013 season .  players ' rep says league should lift the lockout and let season begin on time .  league official tells website two sides have lost $ 100 million so fa .
 heart transplant patients push physical limits at ironman <sec> cancer survivor and transplant recipient kyle garlett will compete in kona triathlon .  last year , dwight kroening was first person with heart transplant to finish ironman .  the lack of nerves on a donor heart poses an extra challenge for transplant patient .
 romney bailed out on massachusetts <sec> rudy giuliani drew contrasts between his record and that of mitt romney .  john avlon says giuliani did n't help romney but did tell the truth .  avlon : romney chose not to run for re-election , neglected massachusetts .  he says former governor has abandoned his top achievement , the health care mandat .
 when did racism become part of a 'lads ' day out ? ' <sec> english football fans make racist chants as they push black man off paris train .  sparks global debate about racism in football and the ugly nature of 'lad culture ' .  chelsea bans five people from its stadium following the inciden .
 report : protection , intelligence problems led to afghan base attack <sec> lack of protection improvements made combat outpost an `` attractive target '' .  intelligence failures also made the base vulnerable to a strike from militants .  october 3 attack on combat outpost keating lasted for 12 hour .
 katrina uncovers a little history in mississippi <sec> beauvoir , in biloxi , mississippi , was the home of confederate president jefferson davis .  hurricane katrina tore up the home 's exterior and damaged historical paintings and furniture .  during the restoration process , workers learned new info about how the house was built .  it cost $ 4 million to restore the hom .
 bosnia genocide suspect ratko mladic jailed in serbia <sec> new : mladic is `` a ruin of a man , '' his attorney says .  new : a few supporters praise mladic outside the courthouse .  mladic was wanted on charges of genocide , extermination and murder .  serbia 's president says he expects extradition within a wee .
 haye sets sights on klitschko fight after dispatching chisora <sec> former world heavyweight champion david haye keen to fight vitali klitschko after beating dereck chisora .  haye , who lost to ukrainian 's brother vladimir in 2011 , says he would be `` very confident '' of victory .  fellow briton chisora dispatched by haye in five rounds at grudge match at upton park on saturday .  briton 's amir khan suffers shock defeat at hands of danny garcia in light-welterweight clash in las vega .
 johan eliasch profile <sec> johan eliasch is the chairman of the sports equipment company head .  he is the uk pm 's special representative on deforestation and clean energy .  eliasch co-founded `` cool earth , '' which saves areas of amazon rainfores .
 commentary : how to outlive your doctor <sec> yiannis karimalis moved back to greece in 1970 after learning he had months to live .  karimalis returned recently to the u.s. to find all his doctors had died .  karimalis ' home -- greek island ikaria -- boasts among longest life expectancies .  team of experts are exploring ikarian longevit .
 fifa bans nigeria from international football <sec> nigeria banned from international football competitions .  fifa acts over 'government interference ' in running of its federation .  nigeria exited at last 16 stage of 2014 world cup .  nigeria u-20 women 's team could miss its world cu .
 texas police shoot woman , 93 <sec> da : a man believed to be the woman 's relative called 911 asking for help .  police , prosecutor say officer asked 93-year-old woman to drop gun ; she refused .  officer fired three times on pearlie golden at her home , hitting her twice , attorney says .  community members upset over shooting of `` ms. sully '' and say she was sweet woma .
 'mad max : fury road ' wheels into comic-con <sec> the newest `` mad max '' trailer premiered at comic-con .  the original film was released in 1979 .  george miller , who directed the original , is also directing this on .
 hillary and jeb : how the deciders decide ( opinion ) <sec> gloria borger : jeb bush , hillary clinton talking authentically about demands of presidency .  she says their comments show a keen awareness of the difficulty of the job .  borger : they must be asking themselves : is it worth it .
 florida man allegedly kills wife , posts confession , photo of body on facebook <sec> derek medina posts a picture of his dead wife 's body to facebook .  online , he tells his `` friends '' that they will hear about him in the news .  he asks for their understanding for what he has done .  people react in disgust , but share the photo over and ove .
 officials fear disease outbreak in flood-hit pakistan <sec> new : up to 1,500 people killed in floods said information minister mian ifthikar hussain .  pakistani red crescent says 2.5 million people in northwestern pakistan affected .  officials fear an outbreak of gastro conditions due to lack of drinking water .  destroyed bridges , roads hampering rescue efforts in flood-hit area .
 lights out ! football game in san francisco hit by power outages <sec> san francisco 49ers home game hit by two power outages .  outages are believed to have been caused by a blown transformer , football official says .  the first outage delayed the start of the game by a few minutes .  the second outage struck during the second quarter , briefly halting the gam .
 - cnn.com <sec> new : the prosecutor says ward killed his wife `` out of anger , out of frustration '' .  new : the defense says it will appeal , describing ward as `` optimistic '' yet `` disappointed '' .  diane ward was shot dead in 2009 in the florida home she shared with her husban .
 three law enforcement officers shot in st. louis ; one dead <sec> new : john perry , 48 , had been a u.s. marshal for almost 10 years .  the alleged shooter , identified as carlos boles , was also killed .  police say he opened fire as they were trying to serve an arrest warrant .  a second u.s. marshal and a police officer were injure .
 in yemen , protests mask diverse views on anti-islam video <sec> yemen has witnessed protests amid anger at the video `` innocence of the muslims '' .  academic : many yemenis are offended by the video yet differ in how they should respond .  alazzany : one preacher says the video was intended to drive anger against u.s. interests .  academic : remnants of deposed regimes in region have used video as a political too .
 second round of arctic air makes early winter stick <sec> in southern california , they 're on wildfire watch with warm , dry winds .  lows in the teens dot the weather map in most of the rest of the country .  as far south as tupelo , mississippi , the low should hit 9 degrees monday night .  there will be snow but not as much as in the first arctic blas .
 boxing 's first female olympic gold medalist : 'i thought i could n't continue ' <sec> british boxer nicola adams is the first ever olmypic gold medalist in women 's boxing .  she fell in love with the sport as a child after watching her dad 's video collection of boxing greats .  however , her career nearly came to an end after a serious back injury outside the ring .  she explains how she recovered just in time to make the selection for the british olympic team this yea .
 child bride 's nightmare after divorce <sec> child who got divorce in yemen struggling to be a child again .  nujood ali escaped her parents and husband to plead in court for a divorce .  her plight raised issue of child brides but has not given her a happy ending .  ali skips school and is angry ; lawyer says her family is now victimizing he .
 pandora overhauls site amid web music boom <sec> pandora music streaming site rolls out major overhaul .  site gets new look , retooled controls and a new focus on social interaction .  the 40-hour per month cap on free listening was also removed .  the changes come as sites like spotify , turntable.fm and even facebook enter online musi .
 democrats taunt cruz over surgeon general vote <sec> vivek murthy was confirmed monday night on a 51-43 vote as the next surgeon general .  his nomination had been held up in part because of procedural hurdles in the senate .  those hurdles were cleared in part due to the senate being in session through saturda .
 from the baseline to bollywood : indian tennis ace plays double agent <sec> mahesh bhupathi has won 11 grand slam doubles titles in his tennis career .  the 37-year-old also has his own sports management company globosport .  bhupathi still plays doubles on the tour but is also agent to other tennis pros .  globosport manages a host of indian sport stars as well as bollywood actor .
 former world no.1 safin elected to russian parliament <sec> former world number one marat safin has been elected to russian parliament .  safin won two grand slam titles during a 10-year professional career .  the 31-year-old is a representative of former president vladimir putin 's party .  judy murray appointed britain 's fedcup captai .
 ousted yemeni president gets support of gulf countries <sec> aide : abdu rabu mansour hadi has sent a letter to parliament withdrawing his resignation .  hadi was deposed from his post by houthi rebels last month , but says he 's still president .  six member states of the gulf cooperation council say they support had .
