 deadly ecuador floods leave thousands homeless <sec> at least 10 people have died in torrential rains in ecuador , officials say .  authorities say the rains are the worst in a quarter century .  civil defense officials say more than 10,000 families have been affected .  ecuador 's president declares state of emergency , orders army , police to hel .
 california tsunami victim found washed ashore in oregon <sec> dustin douglas weber of california was swept out to sea by the tsunami from japan .  he was photographing the surge last month .  weber 's body was found on a beach in oregon near the columbia rive .
 fit nation 'lucky 7 ' train in hawaii <sec> fit nation tri challenge team is in hawaii this week to train .  `` lucky 7 '' will bike , run and swim to prepare for the nautica malibu triathlo .
 blab 'acts as crystal ball ' for social media <sec> blab predicts topics before they start trending .  it analyzes 100 million conversations a day , and 50,000 news sources .  more companies are seeing the value of engaging with customers in real-tim .
 on greek economy , who will blink first ? <sec> heather a. conley says the eu is on the brink over greece 's economic crisis .  if greece does n't stick to its bailout terms , it may not receive further eu aid , she says .  a great test of democracy is taking place in democracy 's birthplace , conley says .  conley : drama may conclude on june 17 , when greece 's electoral re-run is schedule .
 egypt 's revolutionary band wo n't keep quiet <sec> egyptian band came to prominence during the 2011 revolution .  songs became anthems for a young generation of egyptians .  band says the clash between older and younger generations is cause of country 's problem .
 mccain makes passionate defense for torture report 's release - cnnpolitics.com <sec> john mccain spoke shortly after the senate released its report on torture .  the arizona republican was tortured during his service in vietnam .  he acknowledged the release of the report was a `` hard pill to swallow .
 q and a : inside israel 's planned settlement <sec> israel plans to begin construction of settlements in the east 1 , or e1 , zone in the west bank .  comes after the u.n. voted to grant palestine non-member observer status .  palestinians believe construction here would essentially cut the west bank in half .  group : currently 137 israeli settlements in the west bank , with about 325,000 inhabitant .
 'mona lisa ' image goes to moon and back , in successful nasa experiment <sec> nasa tests lasers in sending a digitized image of the `` mona lisa '' to space .  a man-made satellite orbiting around the moon receives the image .  the successful transmission marks a scientific first , nasa says .  lasers now hold promise of high-speed , live video feeds throughout solar syste .
 nigerian military admits 'possible ' civilian casualties in offensive <sec> civilians may have been `` caught in the crossfire , '' official says .  the nigerian military has been working to root out militants in delta state .  militants have accused security forces of genocide and rape .  the military has denied the allegation .
 world faces 'irreversible ' climate change , researchers warn <sec> worst-case scenarios warned of two years ago are being realized , says scientists .  findings came at the end of a three-day conference in copenhagen .  poor nations will be disproportionately affected by climate chang .
 linked by ink : tattoos mark a city 's pride <sec> 248 lexington , kentucky , residents will be tattooed with lines from the same poem .  poet bianca spriggs says she crafted the poem as a love letter to lexington .  the lexington tattoo project is being overseen by two local university professors .  the entire project , which includes a documentary , will be unveiled in the fal .
 two killed in serbia earthquake <sec> around 100 were injured .  the quake happened just before 2 a.m. ( 9 p.m . .  et ) .  its epicenter was in central serbi .
 kagan : military recruiting controversy dogged her as dean at harvard <sec> kagan sought to block military recruiters from harvard because of `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' .  said in memo , `` i abhor the military 's discriminatory recruitment policy '' .  documents show decision allowing military access made by school president , not kagan .  leahy says kagan acted responsibly and allowed recruiters at harvard law schoo .
 ac milan sacks coach massimiliano allegri <sec> massimiliano allegri sacked as coach of ac milan .  allegri 's milan lost 4-3 to sassuolo on sunday , a game it was leading 2-0 .  milan is 11th in the serie a table , 20 points adrift of champions league qualificatio .
 former intern : book details kennedy affair <sec> mimi alford is now a 69-year-old grandmother .  the author says her affair with john f. kennedy lasted 18 months .  `` i 'm not a virgin anymore , '' alford recounts after first encounter with kennedy .  the alleged affair took place in the summer of 1962 , according to her boo .
 davos speech 'shows rouhani picks his battles ' <sec> president hassan rouhani addressed the world economic forum on `` iran in the world '' .  alex vatanka says rouhani had plenty to say about reaching out to the world and mideast .  but it was notable that he avoided mentioning israel or saudi arabia , he says .  vatanka says rouhani has critics at home and knows he needs to choose his battle .
 nicki minaj 'anaconda ' dancer bitten by snake at vma <sec> unidentified dancer was sent to hospital after being bitten in arm during rehearsal of hit song .  the bite was from a boa constrictor , which is not venomous .  attack occurred at the forum in los angeles during a rehearsal for mtv video music award .
 ai n't no tree high enough : climbing africa 's leafy summits <sec> a group of professional tree climbers are on a mission to scale africa 's tallest trees .  they want to raise awareness about their protection by showcasing them to the world .  'it 's all about celebrating trees , educating people , ' says co-founder david wiles .  the group has also helped install nest boxes for the endangered cape parro .
 uk police arrest 660 suspected pedophiles <sec> a six-month uk-wide operation snares 660 suspected pedophiles , police say .  the operation targeted people accessing indecent images of children online .  police say more than 400 children have been protected from harm as a result .  the operation comes amid public concern over the issue of sexual abuse of childre .
 susan rice withdraws from consideration as secretary of state <sec> new : sen. harry reid : republican attacks on rice 's character were `` shameful '' .  susan rice withdraws from consideration as secretary of state .  nomination would be `` be lengthy , disruptive , and costly , '' she says in letter to president .  republican critics `` respect '' rice 's decision , vow to continue benghazi inquir .
 white house fence jumper ruled incompetent , has outburst <sec> a judge declared the latest white house fence jumper incompetent to stand trial . .  dominic adesanya struggled with u.s . .  marshals in court monday . .  he yelled : `` somebody help me , please ! .
 'homeland ' : what to expect in season 2 <sec> anticipation is sky-high for the return of emmy-winning showtime series 'homeland ' .  star damian lewis said there will be `` more pressure this season '' .  the first episode sees claire danes ' carrie disguise herself for a mission .  danes : carrie starts to get the validation and vindication she 's been looking fo .
 oklahoma targets illegal immigrants with tough new law <sec> law goes into effect november 1 .  it stops illegal immigrants from obtaining government ids .  it also makes it illegal for u.s. citizens to house , employ illegals .  lawsuit challenging the new law is working though the federal court .
 at least 2 people dead after police move on protesters in bahrain <sec> new : large crowd of angry demonstrators outside salamaniya hospital .  new : scenes of `` complete , uncontrolled chaos '' at salamaniya hospital .  at least 2 people were killed when police confronted protesters .  police fire tear gas and rubber bullets at demonstrators in pearl roundabou .
 robots that fetch : device could help disabled at home <sec> engineers at georgia tech are developing a health care robot for home use .  the robot can open doors and fetch items such as a bottle of pills or a cell phone .  robots could assist patients with als , also known as lou gehrig 's disease .  such health care robots may be commercially available in less than 10 year .
 texas woman has 2 sets of identical twins <sec> ace , blaine , cash and dylan montalvo were born on valentine 's day .  they were not the result of fertility treatments , hospital says .  identical twins result when a fertilized egg splits into two embryo .
 atlanta : bank heist capital of nation <sec> atlanta surpasses la , philadelphia as city with most bank heists .  fbi says it 's the result of rising violent crime and increased number of banks .  fbi : expect more bank robberies around holidays .  bank official says most robbers get away with just $ 2,000 to $ 3,00 .
 officials : indonesia quake toll could soar <sec> new : aid agencies kick into gear to help those in need .  second quake hits ; thousands feared trapped by collapsed buildings .  death toll could climb into thousands .  bridges down , phone lines in disrepair , says world vision indonesi .
 taliban take credit for bomb that killed american , afghans <sec> one american , two afghans died in attack near airfield .  u.s. defense secretary leon panetta left kandahar hours before blast .  `` brave taliban fighter '' detonated the bomb , the group says .  panetta , obama invited karzai to visit washington early next yea .
 interim secret service testifies on agency 's failures - cnnpolitics.com <sec> joe clancy promises a bottom-to-top assessment of the troubled agency .  clancy was brought in after former director julia pierson resigned last month .  rep. steve cohen suggested that a moat around the white house might hel .
 colts owner jim irsay pleads guilty to dui <sec> irsay will pay court costs , has one year probation .  the colts owner was arrested march 16 , he failed field sobriety tests , police say .  nfl commissioner recently increased penalties for some offense .
 european roundup : ronaldo brace helps real close gap in la liga <sec> two cristiano ronaldo strikes give real madrid 4-0 victory over osasuna .  bayern return to form in germany with 5-2 victory over werder bremen .  monaco keep psg title celebrations on ic .
 holder unveils program to counter extremist groups <sec> justice department effort will try to involve community to spot radicalization early on .  program will reach out to social services and mental health workers .  more than a dozen americans are believed to have joined isi .
 cnn student news - december 1 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 brandy on her new album , outlook and reunion with monica <sec> brandy is hard at work on her sixth album .  she recently wrapped the video for her first single , a duet with monica .  singer-songwriter frank ocean is also contributing to her new projec .
 legend of chris kyle looms over murder trial <sec> jury seated in capital murder trial of eddie routh , charged in kyle 's killing .  chris kyle was called `` legend , '' but insurgents called him the devil of ramadi .  stories since his 2013 death reveal kyle had both a soft and a dark sid .
 opinion : would you want to live to 150 ? <sec> bob greene saw a billboard saying `` the first person to live to 150 is alive today '' .  greene : we live longer than ever due to medical advances , good nutrition , keeping fit .  greene : still , a person who was 150 today would have been born during civil war .  he asks : but who wants to be 75 and be aware that you 've got another 75 years to go .
 why congress should rethink syringe issue ( opinion ) <sec> an estimated 50,000 americans are newly infected with hiv each year , cdc says .  kevin robert frost : syringe exchange programs save millions in hiv treatment cost .
 'real housewife 's ' adulterous journey really hurts , husband says <sec> michaele salahi `` abandoned the marriage , '' tareq salahi 's divorce petition says .  his wife 's affair causes him `` great harm , humiliation , and embarrassment , '' salahi says .  an e-mail from her paramour 's email address includes a penis photo , the divorce filing says .  the band journey is paying for michaele salahi 's travel , her husband allege .
 who 's who on the internet ? who knows <sec> notre dame linebacker manit te'o falls for a 'catfish ' .  a 1993 iconic cartoon lampoons internet identity foibles .  in an official account , even president obama posted a pic to positively id himself .  after nigerian banking frauds came phishing , smshing , vishin .
 msnbc , a bastion of obama advocates ? <sec> david axelrod and robert gibbs will become pundits for msnbc .  howard kurtz : is nbc 's cable channel turning into an obama administration in exile ? .  he says msnbc did n't start this , fox news did when it served as a platform for bush officials .  kurtz : as advocates for obama , it might be tough for axelrod and gibbs to show independenc .
 hamilton talks up mclaren 's chances in 2011 <sec> lewis hamilton believes mclaren 's kers will give the team an advantage in 2011 .  kers uses energy created when a car brakes to boost its acceleration .  jenson button thinks the device will give the team an edge over their competitors .  kers was banned from f1 in 2009 but will return for new seaso .
 police investigate threat against toronto mayor rob ford <sec> police officers at toronto mayor rob ford 's office .  police investigate threat against controversial mayor .  nature of threat is unclear , police sa .
 dalai lama scraps trip to south africa ; tutu lashes out <sec> new : the african national congress says desmond tutu should calm down .  tutu says the government is acting worse than apartheid regime .  the dalai lama says south africa did not issue a visa on time .  he was denied a visa to south africa in 200 .
 officials search for more clues in disease killing cambodian children <sec> dr. sanjay gupta says the syndrome is `` merciless '' in the way it attacks .  fifteen of the 24 patients screened have tested positive for enterovirus type 71 .  but officials say further analysis is necessary to fully solve the outbreak .  at least 64 children have died mysteriously over the past three month .
 battle lines drawn as data becomes oil of digital age <sec> digital conference in germany pits facebook against european regulators over data use .  commentator andrew keen says argument highlights data 's role as oil of digital age .  keen also questions notion that internet is an engine of progres .
 why does mh17 report avoid the word 'missile ' ? <sec> report into mh17 's crash says everything -- but nothing about the criminals behind its downing .  cnn 's richard quest asks how it can explain the incident without using the word missile .  the report goes into great detail about the plane 's flight over ukraine , the bad weather , and the black box .  quest says the report shows the plane was simply in the wrong place at the wrong tim .
 nba star strives to be the role model he always needed <sec> miami heat guard dwyane wade started foundation to help at-risk kids .  wade is national spokesperson for national recess week .  nba star says sense of community and sportsmanship are pivotal for kids .  says he wants to leave the world a better plac .
 arrest made in detroit gay pride beating <sec> detroit police arrest a juvenile suspected of beating a gay man .  the beating was caught on cell phone and involved more suspects .  it happened during detroit 's gay pride festivities june 8 .  the victim suffered bruises , cuts and a broken finge .
 wall street journal europe executive out in scandal <sec> the paper is accused of using underhanded methods to boost circulation numbers .  the wall street journal europe says its circulation is properly audited .  dow jones executive andrew langhoff left over allegations of a related scandal .  the news of the world closed in july amid a scandal over phone hackin .
 opinion : christie vs. paul vs. rubio vs. cruz -- the gop implosion <sec> ruben navarrette : traditionally , democrats have been the party of internal feuds .  now the republicans seem badly split , with top figures sniping at each other , he says .  chris christie and rand paul traded barbs ; ted cruz , marco rubio also attacking .  navarrette : republicans are n't demonstrating that they have presidential statur .
 why australia 's png asylum plan wo n't work <sec> australian leader kevin rudd plans to send `` boat people '' to png .  plan derided by opposition as flimsy deal 'held together by sticky tape ' .  lee : lack of detail for important policy is `` astounding '' .  where would australia send refugees if papua new guinea could n't cope .
 '90210 's ' jason priestley 's writing a memoir <sec> actor jason priestley is writing a memoir .  it 'll touch on the personal and professional , including `` beverly hills , 90210 '' .  the memoir will be released by harperone in spring 201 .
 my uncle was d.b . cooper , oklahoma woman claims <sec> the woman 's claims are being investigated by the fbi , sources tell cnn .  a man calling himself dan cooper hijacked a plane in 1971 .  he jumped from the plane carrying a parachute and pilfered money .  cooper has never been found and his fate is unknow .
 'doomsday ' seed vault opens in norway <sec> ultimate safety net for the world 's seed collections has opened in norway .  the vault received inaugural shipments of 100 million seeds .  norwegian govt . .  built vault in glacial mountain between norway and north pol .
 rangel 's last fight has been his hardest <sec> rep. charlie rangel is running for 23rd term in the house .  challenger is same one who came within 1,100 votes of unseating rangel in 2012 .  challenger state sen. adriano espaillat predicts an upset on tuesday .  rangel was first elected to seat in 1971 but district has changed recentl .
 clarke leads by one shot going into final open round <sec> darren clarke leads british open by one shot after carding a one-under 69 .  clarke is ahead of american dustin johnson ( 68 ) as just six players lie under par .  ricky fowler also carded a 68 and lies joint third with dane thomas bjor .
 4,300-acre fire burns in california 's napa wine area <sec> a wildfire is only under 30 % control in napa and lake counties .  one vineyard in lake county is advised to evacuate , cnn affiliate says .  `` there are some small vineyards in the general area , '' official says .  about 500 people are evacuated in what 's being called the butts fir .
 gadhafi forces shell misrata ; leaders say he must 'go for good ' <sec> new : rebels show more discipline , cohesion in ajdabiya .  u.s. , french and uk leaders write op-ed piece .  gadhafi 's daughter rallies supporters .  emir says `` it 's possible '' rebels have received qatari weapon .
 in china , dna tests on kids id genetic gifts , careers <sec> chinese summer camps dna tests kids for natural talents .  tests carried out for iq , emotional control , memory , athletic ability and more .  believed to be first time dna tests used to identify talents rather than disease .  china 's one-child policy has led to parents with high expectation .
 emmy-winning actress polly bergen dies <sec> bergen dies at home in connecticut , her publicist says .  her career spanned more than six decades .  she won an emmy in 1958 and was nominated three more time .
 greeks vote for more economic pain <sec> the greek government has overcome two hurdles to qualify for the troika 's austerity program .  but in the spirit of a greek tragedy , much political blood has been spilt along the way .  the budget for 2013 makes for painful reading , including a contraction of 4.5 % next year .  but one thing is abundantly clear for greece : the cash lifeline needs to be delivere .
 hospital shelled in sri lanka conflict <sec> sri lankan hospital hit by artillery shells .  children young as 4 months treated in local hospitals for shrapnel injuries .  aid workers rescue 50 critically injured children and 105 adults .  sri lankan president has promised to allow safe passage to trapped civilian .
