 youth sports executive accused of sexual abuse by former players <sec> new : dodd denies the accusations during a meeting with aau officials .  two players are interviewed by espn for a story sunday .  players allege that robert dodd sexually abused them .  dodd , formerly of the amateur athletic union , could not be reached for commen .
 shooting of 2 priests was burglary gone bad ; suspect arrested , phoenix police say <sec> suspect is former felon , recent parolee , says police chief .  chief calls shooting that left one priest dead , another wounded , a `` horrific crime '' .  funeral mass held monday for slain pries .
 nicklaus eyes golf as global game <sec> nicklaus ' professional career lasted more than 40 years .  he now plays golf only once or twice a month .  his company , nicklaus design , designs golf courses .  golf becomes an olympic sport in 2016 at the rio de janeiro game .
 caylee 's grandmother describes weeks after girl 's disappearance <sec> new : casey anthony 's mother detailed the weeks following caylee 's disappearance .  new : cindy anthony said her daughter gave reason after reason for keeping the girl from home .  anthony is accused of killing her 2-year-old daughter in 2008 .  anthony 's attorneys say caylee accidentally drowne .
 dubai skyscraper symbol of s. korea 's global heights <sec> south korea companies such as samsung have become global brands .  the world 's largest private real estate development is in south korea .  the government 's new development plans focus on environmental technolog .
 as china 's villages vanish , one pins hopes on tourism for survival <sec> remote village earmarked to become world heritage site .  locals welcome opportunity to improve livelihood .  rapid urbanization threatens much of china 's rural heritage .  fears traditional village life wo n't survive onslaught of mass touris .
 'crazy old ' tennessee man waits out the flooding <sec> danny hayes , 61 , lives in bogota , tennessee .  the flooded mississippi river has reached the door of his two-room trailer .  armed with his revolver , he is refusing to evacuate .  `` i got to sell this here land while it 's still waterfront property , '' he joke .
 controversial prophet mohammed cartoons to return <sec> the book is scheduled to hit stores on september 30 .  protesters hit the streets the first time cartoons are published .  in january of 2007 , a norwegian newspaper reprinted the drawing .
 ohio kidnap suspect pleads not guilty <sec> new : a lawyer says he believes the defense is willing to accept a life sentence .  ariel castro is accused of holding three woman against their will for close to a decade .  castro , 52 , was indicted last week on 329 counts , including kidnapping and rape .  the defense signals an effort to forge a `` resolution '' and avoid tria .
 obama sends 1,500 troops to iraq - cnnpolitics.com <sec> obama will send up to 1,500 troops to iraq .  the troops will be in non-combat roles and operate from bases outside baghdad and erbil .  the troops will help train iraqi and kurdish forces to fight isi .
 migrants shaping hong kong 's new face <sec> more than 518,000 mainlanders have migrated to hong kong since 1997 .  quota system in place since 1995 allows maximum 150 mainlanders per day .  many mainlanders are stereotyped as low-skilled workers with low income .  hong kong government welcomes young mainlanders with professional skill .
 naval academy expels midshipmen for smoking 'spice ' <sec> 'spice ' is a form of synthetic marijuana .  the 7 midshipmen included sophomores and juniors .  they were found to be in violation of the navy 's substance abuse policie .
 10 secret european summer getaways <sec> while travelers swarm europe every summer , many locals have found hideaways .  the french village of grignan is a lesser-known destination locals enjoy .  north sea island sylt is often referred to as germany 's hampton .
 n. ireland police killing : gun seized <sec> authorities hunting killer of policeman in n. ireland seize gun , ammunition .  3 more arrests over killings of two soldiers and officer .  petrol bombs hurled at police after earlier arrests of six men .  two republican groups have reportedly claimed responsibility for the killing .
 making the world 's best wine <sec> blair and estelle hunt own the bald hills vineyard in new zealand .  the couple started making wine without any previous experience .  their 2005 pinot noir has been judged the best wine in the world this yea .
 flight 370 search resumes ; families in limbo <sec> new : u.s. equipment to help find the plane 's locator beacon arrives in perth .  wife of passenger : `` i ca n't trust the malaysian government '' .  weather in search area is expected to worsen again thursday .  indian ocean search resumes ; aircraft and boats from six countries participatin .
 review : 'django unchained ' is brilliantly acted across the board <sec> `` django unchained '' is easily one of the best flicks of 2012 , critic tom charity says .  it 's a typical quentin tarantino gambit : taking two genres and mashing them together .  in the title role , jamie foxx teams up with a bounty hounte .
 new york city : the promised land <sec> new york city is frenetic and glamorous , the quintessential metropolis .  the city 's five boroughs are made up of countless distinct neighborhoods .  despite up-and-coming rivals , it 's still the most exciting city in the worl .
 over-the-counter culture in austin <sec> austin 's tremendous temporary bat population puts on a great evening show .  south by southwest festival mixes the city 's bohemian and big business sensibilities .  austin has a reputation both for live music and natural attraction .
 courting china : li na leaps up sport 's rich list <sec> chinese tennis star li na earned $ 18 million to april 2012 .  she signed seven new sponsorship deals since 2011 french open win .  the world no . .  7 has reached two wta tour finals this year .  she provides western brands with a direct route into the chinese marketplac .
 former extremist 's cartoon 'abdullah x : ' aims at isis <sec> new animated series `` abdullah x '' aims to steer young muslim minds away from extremism .  cartoon was created by a british former extremist who spoke to cnn on condition of anonymity .  the series is aimed at countering the online propaganda of groups like isis .  isis , the group that controls parts of syria and iraq , has rallied hundreds of western recruits to its caus .
 rebels battle gadhafi forces in libyan mountains <sec> haji usama was once a top commander in gadhafi 's forces .  he now commands in zintan for the rebels .  he gives his account of major offensive in rebel stronghol .
 priest who broke celibacy vow joins episcopal church <sec> new : archbishop at miami archdiocese `` deeply disappointed '' .  alberto cutie leaves catholic church to be with woman he loves .  cutie joining episcopal diocese of southeast florida .  priest had been photographed with woman in bathing suit last mont .
 spain 's recovery : can short-term , low-paid labor help ? <sec> cnn met valentin garcia in 2012 , when he was unemployed , now he has a job .  but the job is short term and at 50 , he 's only earning the minimum wage .  this represents many jobs that are being created in spain -- short-term and badly paid .  questions are being raised over how much these can help the country 's long-term recover .
 commentary : republicans , do n't patronize hispanics <sec> leslie sanchez : republicans are talking about a new outreach to hispanics .  she says hispanics are part of the american mainstream with broad interests .  sanchez : candidates , including obama , talked about narrow issues .  she says hispanics want to be seen as americans , with a stake in the futur .
 opinion : bush 's toxic legacy in iraq <sec> when bush administration attacked iraq , it argued there was a hussein-al qaeda connection .  peter bergen : exhaustive research found absolutely no evidence of a connection .  ironically , the u.s. invasion provoked the creation of an al qaeda arm in iraq , bergen says .  bergen : u.s. military fought back against al qaeda in iraq , but now u.s. has departe .
 waiting for our son to wake up <sec> ryan buchanan was digging a tunnel at the beach when it collapsed on top of him .  the 17-year-old was without oxygen for more than 15 minutes .  the buchanans are caring for their son , who 's in a persistent vegetative state , at hom .
 wenger considers bringing back henry <sec> arsene wenger admits he is considering re-signing thierry henry on a short-term deal .  the arsenal manager is looking for striking cover during the africa cup of nations .  henry , arsenal 's all-time top scorer , currently plays for mls side new york red bull .
 opinion : just do n't call whitey bulger a rat <sec> kevin cullen : whitey bulger 's worst fear is to be called in an informant .  cullen : public record shows he was a rat , but loyalty , above all else , is the irish code .  cullen : bulger obsessed with being the good bad guy , who helped old ladies with groceries .  defense burden : his friends are vile , murdering thugs , and he was in charge , cullen say .
 chinese ships enter japanese waters near disputed islands <sec> 3 chinese ships entered japanese territorial waters , coast guard says .  ships were staying near the disputed senkaku islands , despite coast guard warning .  the move continues a dispute that spans decade .
 'himalayan viagra ' taking its toll on nepal <sec> caterpillar fungus -- known as himalayan viagra -- is prized in traditional medicine .  thousands of people travel to nepal 's dolpa district each year to harvest the caterpillar fungus .  some locals say the harvesters are damaging hillsides and grasslands .  expert says education is needed for the harvesting to be sustainable long ter .
 chinese wildcard zheng jie captures hearts <sec> zheng jie reached the semifinals of wimbledon last year as a wildcard entry .  she donated her prize money to the sichuan earthquake relief fund .  100 million viewers tuned in to watch her semifinal game in chin .
 3rd person dies from asiana crash , hospital says <sec> new : all four runways at san francisco 's airport are now operational , airport says .  a girl , who 'd been in critical condition , died friday morning at a san francisco hospital .  a teen who died earlier was hit by fire truck , police say .  her body was believed to be covered in foam sprayed by firefighters , spokesman say .
 'the sound of music ' : where are they now ? <sec> `` the sound of music '' celebrates 50th anniversary on march 2 .  film is widely beloved , was one of biggest hits of all tim .
 review : 'this is the end ' snort-out-loud hilarious <sec> a cast of stars appear in `` this is the end '' .  the film was co-written by one of its stars , seth rogen .  critic says the film pushes the envelope to get laugh .
 british minister discusses twitter , facebook bans <sec> new : the government did not seek new powers to shut down social media networks , it says .  home secretary theresa may called a meeting with social media representatives and police after riots .  the government is considering `` whether and how we should be able to stop people '' from using sites like twitter .  two men were imprisoned last week for using facebook to urge riot .
 egyptians vote in presidential election <sec> new : tuesday , the last day of voting , is declared a public holiday .  outlawed muslim brotherhood criticizes the election .  two men are running for the egyptian presidency .  a worker in one candidate 's campaign was shot to deat .
 press freedoms watchdog slams turkish government <sec> the committee to protect journalists blasts turkey 's prime minister .  `` turkey 's imprisonments ( of journalists ) surpass the next most-repressive nations , it says .  a government minister says those being held committed serious crimes .  the committee says 70 % of the journalists imprisoned in turkey are ethnic kurd .
 snap a photo by winking your eye ? <sec> code for google 's glass eyewear suggests users may snap photos with a wink of an eye .  google glass just shipped to beta users but wo n't be available to everyone until 2014 .  the code includes provisions for enabling and disabling winks as a comman .
 six arrested after fan dies at wembley <sec> police investigating death of welsh football fan outside wembley stadium make arrests .  all six men arrested thought to be welsh football fans .  incident takes place before euro 2012 qualifier between england and wale .
 death toll climbs as army , militants fight on in the philippines <sec> fighting has raged between muslim rebels and soldiers in zamboanga city .  at least 158 people have been killed , including 13 civilians .  united nations : the unrest has displaced more than 100,000 people .  authorities believe about five hostages are still being held by rebel .
 nasa : re-entry of satellite into atmosphere imminent <sec> re-entry is expected between 11:45 p.m. friday and 12:45 a.m. saturday et , nasa says .  the space agency still ca n't say with certainty where the satellite 's remnants will land .  about 26 pieces , some weighing hundreds of pounds , are expected to survive reentr .
 opinion : presidents ' best phrases are tweetable <sec> david kusnet : the gettysburg address was only 278 words , jfk 's best talks were brief .  twitter did n't dumb down speech , he says . .  a few words can relay complex ideas .  `` ask not what your country can do for you , ask what you can do for your country '' just 78 words .  kusnet : many short phrases kicked off change : those who speak simply are remembere .
 huckabee gets serious about a second presidential run - cnnpolitics.com <sec> mike huckabee announced he 's ending his fox news show to explore a presidential bid .  the former arkansas governor won the iowa caucuses in 2008 and has high name recognition .  he 'll focus on promoting his new book and meeting with donors in the next few months .  he is expected to make his final decision in the sprin .
 yoga guru bikram choudhury accused of sex assault , rape <sec> bikram choudhury is not facing any criminal charges and has denied any wrongdoing .  he 's known for a system of yoga practiced in a very hot roo .
 montana 's 'refreshing ' candidate 'needs more time ' <sec> a late entry into montana senate race , amanda curtis is unabashedly liberal .  many insiders dismiss her candidacy as she trails in polls , but she 's raising money .  on many issues , curtis admits that she needs to study up , but election day is not that far off .  curtis stepped in after john walsh 's candidacy imploded over plagiarism allegation .
 jadson strike wins uefa cup for shakhtar <sec> shakhtar donetsk beat werder bremen 2-1 to win uefa cup final in istanbul .  brazilian jadson scores the winning goal early in the first period of extra time .  the win means shakhtar become first ukrainian side to claim european troph .
 cleveland : police shooting death of boy , 12 , his fault <sec> cleveland : tamir rice died because he failed `` to exercise due care to avoid injury '' .  a police officer killed tamir , 12 , last year as the boy played with a pellet gun .  officers mistook fake gun for a real one , cleveland police department has sai .
 windows phone 8 unveiled : microsoft modernizes its mobile system <sec> windows phone 8 apollo unveiled at microsoft 's phone summit .  newly announced features for operating system included a new start screen .  phone will run on powerful dual-core processors .  system will also include a new wallet hub for payment .
 how to delete , deactivate your facebook account <sec> poll says 60 percent of users are considering quitting facebook over privacy issues .  deactivation means profile info and content are hidden from view but are saved on servers .  facebook execs recognize the backlash and that they 've got a pr proble .
 'patriot ' actress skye mccole bartusiak dead at 21 <sec> bartusiak , 21 , suffered from epileptic seizures in recent days , her mother says .  `` we think she had a seizure and choked and nobody was there , '' her mother says .  bartusiak played the young daughter of mel gibson 's `` patriot '' character .  her movie acting career began when she was just .
 cranberries singer dolores o'riordan held for assault <sec> cranberries singer dolores o'riordan held after allegedly assaulting airline crewmember .  she also allegedly headbutted a police officer who tried to arrest her , irish police say .  female cabin crew member reportedly taken to hospital with leg or foot injury , local police say .  o'riordan later taken to a local hospital but later discharged and released from custod .
 cnn student news - february 3 , 2015 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 samsung galaxy s iii dethrones iphone as world 's top seller <sec> samsung 's galaxy s iii was the world 's best-selling smartphone in the third quarter .  for the first time ever , it surpassed sales of the iphone 4s .  but apple will likely reclaim the sales crown next quarter with the new iphone .
 hickory golf : the ultimate hipster sport ? <sec> world hickory open championship set for its 10th year this week at panmure .  the hickory golf movement is becoming more and more popular .  players use hickory-shafted clubs that date back to the late 1800s and early 1900s .  former pro paolo quirici is aiming to defend his title in scotlan .
 what 's a planet ? debate over pluto rages on <sec> international astronomical union demoted pluto to a dwarf planet three years ago .  90 percent of the critical letters the iau received afterward came from north america .  in spring , illinois lawmakers restored `` full planetary status '' to pluto .  some scientists say the iau 's definition of a planet does n't make sens .
 feds : identified by tattoos in pictures , woman indicted on child porn charges <sec> suspect 's tattoos helped identify her , authorities say .  she was identified only after ice put out a public call for help .  `` john doe '' remains unidentified .  the victim `` is safe and is cooperating .
 sources : kenyan airstrikes hit al-shabaab somalia camps <sec> `` we did everything that we could do , '' kenya 's foreign minister says .  despite intelligence , rapid response team stuck in nairobi for hours after massacre , official says .  al-shabaab 's mohamed mohamud `` has a lot of grudges against the kenyans , '' expert say .
 sheriff : suspect confesses to killing florida deputy <sec> new : deadly struggle `` transpired within six minutes . .  that 's all it took , '' sheriff says .  new : suspect faces charges including first-degree murder and escape .  incident happened as the deputy was transporting michael mazza to court .  mazza was apprehended after a massive manhun .
 negredo and alfaro on target as sevilla down valencia <sec> sevilla beat valencia 2-0 to go sixth in the spanish liga .  alvaro negredo and alejandro alfaro scored the goals for sevilla .  valencia 's mehmet topal was shown a straight red card on 24 minute .
 austrian to plead guilty to rape and incest , lawyer says <sec> man accused of keeping daughter in a cellar for decades , fathering her 7 children .  josef fritzl , whose trial starts monday , will plead guilty , his lawyer tells cnn .  prosecutors : fritzl raped his daughter over 24 years , said she had run away .  fritzl also accused of killing one of the children he fathered with daughte .
 opinion : gosnell case shows why abortion rights need protection <sec> ilyse hogue : as new president of abortion rights group , i recoiled at gosnell story .  she says anti-abortion groups exploiting case to push policies that would harm women .  she says pennsylvania already trying to end abortion care with cooked up clinic regulations .  hogue : making abortions inaccessible pushes women toward people like gosnel .
 colombia to appeal 'war threats ' by venezuela <sec> colombia says it would ask for intervention from u.n. security council , oas .  venezuela strongly objects to u.s.-colombia deal on base use .  last month venezuelan authorities said they captured two colombian spies .  colombia denies clai .
 van persie rescues manchester united at west ham <sec> robin van persie scores a late equalizer as manchester united draw 2-2 at west ham .  united edge closer to securing a record 20th english premier league title .  manchester city close the gap by two points to 13 after victory over wigan .  chelsea also victorious while roma set up clash with lazio in italian cup fina .
