 surefooted djokovic gives serbia 2-0 lead in davis cup tie against belgium <sec> novak djokovic beats olivier rochus in straight sets .  gives serbia 2-0 first day lead over belgium in davis cup .  djokovic playing first match since winning australian open .  holders czech republic level at 1-1 against switzerlan .
 obama campaign more active online , pew says <sec> barack obama 's campaign continues its online dominance , a new study finds .  the obama campaign and its supporters were more active online , the study says .  gop challenger mitt romney is closing the gap , pew say .
 arsenal announce death of director and shareholder fiszman <sec> arsenal director and shareholder danny fiszman dies at the age of 66 .  the news comes just days after fiszman sold his arsenal stake to stan kroenke .  kroenk'e purchase of fiszman 's 16.11 % stake allowed him to launch club takeove .
 madrid bomb victims remembered <sec> spain commemorates victims of the march 11 , 2004 madrid train bombings .  there were 191 killed and 1,800 wounded after the islamic terrorist attacks .  king juan carlos and prime minister jose zapatero attended with survivors .  a spanish court last october convicted 21 people in connection with attack .
 deputy `` inadvertently '' shoots suspect <sec> police say robert bates , 73 , thought he pulled out his taser during an arrest .  instead , he shot the suspect , who later died at a local hospita .
 from beer-fueled brainstorm to life 's work of helping others <sec> scotsman was at a pub in 1992 when he got the idea to help victims in war-torn bosnia .  a trip to deliver food , clothing and blankets led to a life 's work of helping others .  after working in malawi in 2002 , magnus macfarlane-barrow started mary 's meals .  today , the program provides free meals to more than 400,000 children in 15 countrie .
 mexican army arrests top tijuana cartel lieutenant <sec> authorities say juan francisco sillas rocha `` is reponsibile for countless killings '' .  he has been a top lieutenant in the arellano-felix cartel , mexico 's defense ministry says .  sillas ordered the kidnapping of three women related to a rival cartel leader , the ministry say .
 champions league : real madrid crushes liverpool <sec> real madrid thrashes liverpool 3-0 in champions league .  cristiano ronaldo opened scoring .  karim benzema grabbed two .  juventus stunned by olympiako .
 sotomayor learned the ropes on 'tarzan ' case <sec> supreme court nominee sonia sotomayor began her legal career as a prosecutor .  she worked in the manhattan da 's office from 1979 to 1984 .  her former colleagues remember sotomayor as driven and focused .  manhattan da robert m. morgenthau on thursday 's senate witness schedul .
 mile low club : company turns submarine into private love hotel <sec> travel company offers a submarine for couples to the bottom of the ocean .  the experience will cost you £175,000 per night .  for that , you get your own bespoke submarine with captain , chef and butler .  artist 's impression makes it look akin to the underwater lair of a james bond villai .
 why were the israeli election polls so wrong ? <sec> polls predicted a tight race coming down to the wire , with netanyahu in a virtual tie with isaac herzog of the zionist union party .  but actual results show netanyahu running away with the election .  possible causes : poll methodology , netanyahu 's last-minute turn to the righ .
 simple facebook question raises problems around the world <sec> facebook 's `` where do you live '' question causes problems for some .  those who live in disputed territories are unsure how to answer .  the social network says it deals with the issue on a `` case-by-case '' basis .  facebook allows golan heights residents to choose `` syria '' or `` israel '' as hom .
 nadal makes strong start in australia <sec> rafael nadal is into the second round of the australian open after marcos daniel retired .  andy murray is through after karol beck was also forced to retire in their match .  he is joined in the next round by argentina 's juan martin del potro , who beat dudi sela .  marcos baghdatis , john isner and radek stepanek all scored victories in melbourn .
 in the end , marathon did n't feel right <sec> `` it 's not the right time , '' runner and longtime new yorker says .  mayor 's original plan to hold the race sparked a chorus of criticism locally and nationally .  residents were worried resources would be diverted for the marathon .  the marathon has never been canceled in its 42-year histor .
 how diana 's death turned queen into 'proper granny ' <sec> queen 's first cousin margaret rhodes says monarch put family before country after diana 's death .  rhodes says queen visits her most weeks for a tipple of gin and dubonnet .  queen fell in love with her future husband , prince philip , when she was just 13 , rhodes say .
 michelle duggar rushed to the hospital <sec> star of tlc 's `` 18 kids and counting '' rushed to the hospital .  was airlifted to arkansas in fear of pregnancy problems .  a gallstone turned out to be the cause of pain .  duggar resting well and pregnancy is in good shap .
 syrian government resigns amid unrest <sec> new : the president is expected to speak on wednesday .  a new government will be named shortly , a government spokeswoman says .  the government has resigned , state tv reports .  at least 37 people have been killed in demonstrations since last week , the u.n. say .
 pakistan police investigating factory owner after fire kills more than 250 <sec> karachi authorities lower the death toll from the fire to 258 from 289 .  police open a murder case against the owner of the factory and others .  the locked doors of the factory prevented people from escaping , police sa .
 'morgan spurlock inside man ' social encore <sec> here are details about people morgan spurlock encountered while shooting `` inside man '' .  in this episode , he works at a gun store in virginia .  he learns about background check legislatio .
 suspect in holloway case meeting with investigators <sec> joran van der sloot will answer questions about video story , lawyer said .  van der sloot said videotaped story of how woman died was lie .  holloway disappeared in 2005 while on graduation trip to aruba .  meet journalist who uncovered van der sloot tape ; tonight , 9 et , `` larry king live .
 intriguing people for february 8 , 2010 <sec> astronaut on two-week mission to space station was first female on combat aircrew .  former mayor 's son earns landslide victory in new orleans mayoral race .  climate scientist tells newspaper he considered suicide amid controversy over e-mail .
 'under god ' part of pledge of allegiance under review in massachusetts <sec> phrase `` under god '' discriminates against atheist students , lawsuit says .  children do n't have to say the pledge of allegiance , opposing lawyer says .  case will be heard on wednesday by the supreme judicial court of massachusett .
 creating the sound of showjumping : 'microphones on anything that moves ' <sec> sound engineer dennis baxter helped revolutionize tv sports coverage .  baxter uses dozens of microphones to capture detail of equestrian sport .  he prefers commentators to keep quiet -- and commentators often agree .  dressage riders get music custom-made using video analysi .
 why scarlett johansson kissed penelope cruz <sec> scarlett johansson stars as free-spirited cristina in `` vicky cristina barcelona '' .  woody allen wrote and directed film , for third time uses johansson as star .  `` i would do anything for him , '' johansson says of working with allen .  movie set for release on frida .
 7 charged in alleged prostitution ring on craigslist <sec> officials : group ran a 24-hour prostitution ring from june 2007 to december 2008 .  jury hands down 47-count indictment for room service entertainment .  indictment : group employed 10 drivers and 16 prostitutes on `` any given day '' .  if convicted of enterprise corruption , all could face up to 25 years in priso .
 hiker josh fattal : a year on since his days in an iranian prison <sec> josh fattal is one of three hikers who were imprisoned in iran on suspicion of spying .  the three americans were hiking in northern iraq 's mountainous kurdish area .  fattal and the other hikers are working on a tell-all book to be released next year .  he was freed from prison one year ag .
 about 5 million graco strollers recalled after fingertip amputations <sec> graco children 's products receives 11 reports of fingertip amputations , other injuries .  the strollers have a folding hinge that can pinch a child 's finger and even sever tip .  `` safety has been and will continue to be the priority at graco , '' firm say .
 louisville woman charged after newborn found dead in kohl 's restroom <sec> louisville woman charged with murder after newborn found in workplace trash can .  police say jessica price , 29 , gave birth to the baby and allowed it to die .  a co-worker found the child 's body last wee .
 wheldon remembered as driver with heart <sec> the two-time indy 500 winner was killed sunday at a las vegas race .  born in england , he likened himself to richard the lionheart .  he also was a bit superstitious .  drivers recall dan wheldon 's growing maturity , love of famil .
 new york 's knickerbocker hotel reopens <sec> the knickerbocker opened in 1906 .  the times square hotel closed in 1921 , and the building was used for offices .  the renovated hotel will have 330 guest room .
 siblings separated by korean war meet after 59 years <sec> until last year , kim byung-ki thought his sister was dead .  he had not seen her since she disappeared at age 15 .  the siblings were divided by the korean war .  the south korean man reunited with his sibling over the weeken .
 one job , two lives : lgbt in the american workplace <sec> `` jason '' says he keeps 2 photo albums ; work album excludes photos of him and boyfriend .  in 29 states , private companies can legally fire or not hire someone because he/she is gay .  study : 53 % of lgbt community conceal sexuality at work and 35 % lie about personal lives .  transgender `` brandon '' wants to have a child but worries it would force him out of close .
 broken bones and broken dreams : bmx star 's olympic bid <sec> british bmx rider shanaze reade is a gold medal favorite for london 2012 .  reade crashed out of the inaugural bmx final in beijing four years ago .  the ioc announced bmx as an olympic sport in 2003 and it made its debut in 2008 .  the 23-year-old reade considered quitting bmx after her china nightmar .
 victims of fort hood shooting sue the army for $ 750 million <sec> 83 claims have been filed by those wounded and the families of those killed at fort hood .  they name the army , the fbi and the justice and defense departments .  the army has six months to act on the claim before it goes to court , an attorney says .  a court-martial for the suspect , maj. nidal hasan , is set for marc .
 ballack : bayern and dortmund dominance bad for bundesliga <sec> michael ballack tells cnn the dominance of dortmund and bayern is bad for germany .  two sides contested champions league final and are streets ahead in bundesliga .  the 36-year-old says new bayern coach pep guardiola has a tough job to improve the team .  ballack played a farewell match in leipzig as his 17-year career officially came to an en .
 japan 's iconic tokyo station turns 100 <sec> japan 's historic tokyo station turns 100 years old this month .  tokyo terminus is the busiest station in japan with the most revenue among all stations .  under tokyo lies a labyrinth of secret tunnels and the oldest connects the station to the central post office .  two assassination attempts on japanese prime ministers have taken place in the statio .
 who 's haider al-abadi , the man who will lead iraq ? <sec> haider al-abadi is a member of the same political party as prime minister nuri al-maliki .  abadi , a shiite , is viewed as a moderate .  he was forced into exile by saddam hussein , and he returned to iraq in 2003 .  he was born in baghdad in 195 .
 blood donors on tap on world 's largest floating hospital <sec> every year thousands of volunteers join the `` africa mercy '' hospital ship in africa .  volunteers are also asked to become `` walking blood banks , '' donating on call .  mercy ships have served in 150 ports in developing nations around the world .  they are mobile hospitals that provide free surgery to world 's poorest peopl .
 china official : africa must compete with the world <sec> zhong jianhua is china 's special representative on african affairs .  africa will have to face short-term pain for long-term economic gain , he says .  zhong says lifting africa out of poverty will help china develop itsel .
 new york man pleads guilty to smuggling piranhas into the u.s . <sec> joel rakower pleads guilty to smuggling piranhas into the united states .  he instructed foreign supplier to label exotic fish as silver tetras , statement says .  rakower agrees to pay $ 70,000 in fines and restitutio .
 opinion : freedom at last for new york ferrets ? <sec> errol louis : new york city is considering an end to a 55-year-old ban on owning ferrets .  louis : city 's owners of undocumented ferrets have submitted petition to lift the ban .  louis : what 's next ? .  beavers , hedgehogs , elephants , wolverines , numbats , stoats ? .  ex-mayor giuliani hated ferrets , or `` weasels , '' famously berated activist . .  ( it 's online .
 boy on milk carton still missing after 30 years <sec> boy , 6 , begged his parents to let him walk to school bus stop for first time .  he never showed up at school in manhattan 's soho neighborhood .  etan patz disappeared on may 25 , 1979 .  know something ? .  call the fbi/nypd etan patz hotline : 212-384-220 .
 commentary : racial progress is far from finished <sec> melissa harris-lacewell : barack obama 's election celebrated as racial triumph .  she says it represented real progress in the arena of politics .  harris-lacewell : in many other areas , issues of race remain significan .
 ronaldo fires warning to former club manchester united <sec> cristiano ronaldo scores hat-trick in real madrid 's 4-1 victory at home to sevilla .  manchester city 's epl title defense in tatters after 3-1 defeat at southampton .  juventus ' serie a lead stretches to five points as second-placed napoli draw .  bayern munich 's rivals falter to give the bavarians a 15-point lead in german .
 review : neil young and crazy horse 's psychedelic pill <sec> psychedelic pill is young 's second album of 2012 with the horse .  for most of its near-90 minutes , psychedelic pill is an infuriated trip .  a big closing chunk of one song is young 's idea of a giant marching through rui .
 tribal elder modernizing the maasai to avoid extinction <sec> maasai activist helping his people adapt to the 21st century .  martin saning'o kariongi is working to protect his people 's land rights in northern tanzania .  he is encouraging gender equality within his trib .
 law allows abused immigrant children to stay in the u.s . <sec> the special immigrant juvenile status was first enacted by congress in 1990 .  wilfredo vasquez , a teenager from el salvador , has benefited from the law .  living alone at 16 , he fled gang violence and intimidation .  immigration attorney said it 's difficult for the children to make their cas .
 high court : suspects must directly invoke right to remain silent <sec> court : suspects who do n't explicitly invoke right to remain silent have waived it .  upholds murder conviction in michigan case .  in sharp dissent , sotomayor says ruling is a 'major retreat ' from self-incrimination protection .
 facebook : attack identified , most spammed porn removed <sec> new : facebook hack exploited browsers to spread porn , violent images .  new : the site says most of the offensive material has been removed .  members of hacker collective anonymous claim they created a virus to attack facebook .  facebook : no data or account information was compromised in the attac .
 congo election could be a test of country 's democracy <sec> this is congo 's second election since 1997 .  incumbent joseph kabila is seen as the frontrunner .  congo gained independence from belgium in 196 .
 china to shame worst-polluting cities over and over <sec> china to name and shame top ten worst-polluting cities each month .  'air quality control is ecological red line , ' says chinese vice-premier .  beijing , tianjin , cities in northern provinces have signed plan to speed up air pollution control .  seven of world 's top ten most air-polluted cities in china , says adb repor .
 clinton stops in afghanistan during marathon trip <sec> new : secretary of state arrives in afghanistan .  clinton 's 13-day trip will involve key middle eastern and asian issues .  she will visit egypt , as well as meeting israeli and palestinian leaders .  in tokyo , she will attend a conference about afghanistan 's futur .
 names put to soldiers killed in australia 's bloodiest battle <sec> seventy-five australian soldiers killed in world war i battle of fromelles identified .  about 2,300 british , australian troops killed on july 19 , 1916 , in northern france .  germans buried hundreds in mass graves , which were rediscovered in 2008 .  battle of fromelles is most fatal 24-hour period in australian military histor .
 why was obama crying ? <sec> frida ghitis : it was startling to see obama get emotional in talk to campaign workers .  she says there are many woes he faces : looming `` fiscal cliff , '' iran , syria , the europe crisis .  she says maybe tears of joy ? .  but no , it 's likely exhaustion finally broke through his facade .  ghitis : brutal re-election battle ended in victory ; it should let him ease that self-contro .
 formula one : marussia request patience on jules bianchi 's condition <sec> formula one team calls for `` patience and understanding '' following jules bianchi crash .  frenchman suffered `` severe head injury '' after hitting a recovery vehicle at japan gp .  the 25-year-old underwent emergency surgery on sunday and is in intensive car .
 israel , face new reality : talk to hamas <sec> ed husain : in middle east visits he notes clerics , young arabs do n't view hamas as terrorist .  husain : there 's support for violent resistance against israel among arab , muslim countries .  he says israel 's might wo n't bring peace ; time to make hamas part of process .  husain : israel should end war tactics , embrace arab peace plan offered since 200 .
 nazi 'dr . death ' hunt leads to cairo <sec> german broadcaster reports nazi hiding in egypt died in 1992 .  aribert heim known to inmates as `` dr. death '' performed experiments on prisoners .  zdf reports he lived lived in cairo as tarek farid hussein ; died of cancer .  nazi hunter groups says it expects to see documentary evidence thursda .
 obama calls for 'balanced approach ' to u.s.-pakistan relations <sec> new : obama says the two countries can achieve a 'balanced approach ' to relations .  new : gilani welcomes obama 's comment on the need to respect pakistani sovereignty .  ties between the u.s. and pakistan have been strained by recent events .  they include the killing of bin laden and airstrikes that left pakistani soldiers dea .
 pakistan not aware of threats to foreign aid workers , official says <sec> new : pakistan says it has not received reports of threats .  usaid administrator was forced to leave a site in pakistan early due to `` suspicious individuals '' .  the state department has said it has information about threats against foreign aid workers .  dozens of countries are assisting in flood relief efforts in pakista .
 former professor charged in brother 's death 24 years ago <sec> seth bishop 's shooting death originally was ruled an accident .  amy bishop has also been charged with shooting university colleagues in february .  district attorney acknowledges mistakes made in handling the 1986 killin .
 flat tax is a winner for perry and u.s . <sec> rick perry , whose poll numbers dropped sharply , is planning to propose a flat tax .  john avlon says it could boost perry 's fortunes and it would be good policy .  a new tax system would save time and encourage economic growth , avlon say .
 texas sues bp , halliburton , others over oil spill <sec> texas sues in federal court seeking unspecified damages , penalties from bp and others .  the lawsuit relates to the months-long 2010 deepwater horizon oil spill .  the texas lawsuit claims the defendants `` engaged in willful and wanton misconduct .
 north korea says it will 'expand ' nuclear program in face of u.s. 'hostility ' <sec> an analysis of satellite images shows increased activity at north korea 's nuclear site .  pyongyang says it will `` expand and bolster '' its nuclear program .  it says it is responding in self-defense to `` the hostile policy of the u.s . '' .  g8 leaders have warned north korea it faces further isolation over its nuclear progra .
 human genome map for sale on ebay <sec> bidding for auction of whole genome sequencing begins at $ 68,000 .  launch of auction on friday coincides with dna day .  personal genomics may transform health care , but costs still prohibitive .  much more needs to be done to unravel mystery of genome , experts sa .
