 driver 's licenses for arizona 's dreamers <sec> ruben navarrette : supreme court gave an early christmas gift to arizona dreamers .  the estimated 22,000 dreamers in the state can finally apply for a driver 's license .  he says dreamers are innocent of any wrongdoing and are loyal to the u.s . .  navarrette : they 're not here to subvert our way of life , but to join it and contribute to societ .
 sinus infection ? antibiotics wo n't help <sec> doctors still prescribing antibiotics for sinus infections , despite evidence they do n't work .  antibiotic amoxicillin was no better than placebo at improving symptoms .  even bacterial sinus infections rarely require antibiotic treatment , the cdc say .
 cnn student news transcript - january 18 , 2013 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 with lincoln , a new frontier for day-lewis <sec> jim cullen : if daniel-day lewis wins best actor award at the oscars , it will be a record .  cullen : day-lewis has made the most impact by playing americans , notably frontiersmen .  he says the actor 's version of lincoln seems like a likable , three-dimensional human being .  cullen : day-lewis seems to be telling us that the truest americans are the restless one .
 the internet : it 's like never leaving junior high <sec> people engage in juvenile behavior online , even if they 're adults .  internet and digital media have produced `` peter pan effect , '' says one observer .  we reward short and punchy , not long and thoughtful .  tide may be changing -- some marketers are tamping down the nois .
 china cracks down on websites allegedly spreading coup rumors <sec> state media : popular chinese microblogging halt comments section until april 3 .  more than 16 websites closed and six people detained for spreading coup rumors .  comes after shock of the dismissal of china politburo member bo xilai .  last week , china 's internet filled with rumors of military vehicles entering beijing .
 top issues : afghanistan and iraq wars <sec> new : house democrats struggle to maintain liberal support for afghan war .  obama accepts resignation of u.s. commander of afghan war after explosive comments .  obama pressed afghan president to clean up alleged corruption in the government .  obama : u.s. troops in iraq will reduce to between 35,000 and 50,000 by august 3 .
 yahoo pushes all users to new e-mail <sec> yahoo e-mail users must upgrade to the company 's new version .  yahoo had announced overhaul to its e-mail service in december .  upgrade included thumbnails for attachments , new mobile feature .
 beijing road rage baby killer sentenced to death <sec> beijing man sentenced to death after hurling a baby from its pram .  han lei , 39 , throws toddler to the ground in argument over parking space .  court sentences li ming , who helped han escape after the incident , to five years ' jail .  the girl , aged two years and 10 months , suffered severe head injuries and died later in hospita .
 this year 's 'sexiest woman alive ' is ... <sec> penelope cruz is esquire magazine 's sexiest woman alive .  the actress is notoriously private .  she declined to talk about her projects and famil .
 iaea : iran broke law by not revealing nuclear facility <sec> iaea claims iran failed to disclose existence of second nuclear facility .  iaea chief : no credible evidence iran has ongoing weapons program .  international community fears iran is trying to develop nuclear weapons .  iran has denied claims , says nuclear program would be used for peaceful purpose .
 hawaii ties for last in voting ( hooray ! ? ) <sec> in hawaii and west virginia , 44.2 % of voters cast ballots in november .  the two states tied for the lowest voter turnout rate .  cnn 's change the list was trying to boost hawaii 's turnout .  the state ranked 50th in 2008 ; it moved into a tie for 49th this yea .
 knee injury forces li na out of u.s. open <sec> li na announces she wo n't be competing at flushing meadows .  chinese star 's medical team says 32-year-old needs time to rest her knee .  li was a semifinalist at u.s. open in 2013 and is australian open champion .  injured men 's no . .  2 rafael nadal may miss his title defense in new yor .
 documents raise questions on treatment of detainees <sec> documents show `` unjustified homicide '' of detainees , aclu says .  the documents were released to the rights group by the u.s. military .  the defense department says it takes detainee treatment seriousl .
 japanese dreamliner held due to a/c power glitch <sec> a boeing dreamliner is held in tokyo after problem with power supply .  problem is fourth mechanical incident for a dreamliner in 10 days .  on monday , issue with brake indicator diverted plane .  boeing : `` we know it will continue to receive heightened attention . .
 australia 's farmers on the front line of global weather extremes <sec> extreme weather pushing up cost of doing business in the australian agricultural sector .  primary food producers have had to run a gauntlet of climatic extremes .  australia 's $ 2 billion-a-year wine industry is one area at risk from bushfires .  but volatile weather events threaten food security well beyond australi .
 lampard double inspires chelsea victory at goodison <sec> chelsea beat everton 2-1 to go third in the english premier league .  frank lampard scores both goals in the win at goodison .  lampard 's future at chelsea in doubt after 12 years with the epl club .  luis suarez double as liverpool beat bottom club qpr 3- .
 apocalypse believers ' big finish predictions vary <sec> a few think the world ends when the mayan calendar peters out friday , december 21 .  apocalypse theories can be rooted in science , religion or simply a notion .  other theories involve governmental failure , a waning oil supply and zombie .
 actor tells house panel of newborn twins ' overdose <sec> actor testifies before house committee on newborn twins ' brush with death .  the newborns were given 1,000 times the normal dose of a blood thinner .  quaid says pharmaceutical companies must be held accountable through lawsuits .  baxter healthcare said the incident resulted from human erro .
 rio authorities declare shantytown under control <sec> new : a former police inspector says the operation will cut down on rio 's drug supply .  governor : `` we are rescuing communities that were abandoned for decades '' .  rio de janeiro is trying to crack down on crime before the 2014 world cup .  steep roads in rocinha are covered in oil , possibly in an attempt to hinder polic .
 oops ! 10 more misquoted songs <sec> cnn commenters offer more well-known songs with misunderstood lyrics .  suggestions were made in response to a story last week on spotify 's song list .  no , the beatles never sang `` lucy in disguise with diamonds .
 russia plants flag on arctic floor <sec> a russian sub plants the country 's flag on the bottom of the arctic ocean .  the mission aims to symbolically claim the region , believed to be rich in oil .  the second submersible is expected to reach the seabed soo .
 tina fey and amy poehler to host golden globes next 2 years <sec> tina fey and amy poehler will reunite for the golden globes .  the pair will host for the next two years .  the telecast they hosted in 2013 brought in solid rating .
 euro 2012 hosts ukraine and poland hit back at racism accusations <sec> euro 2012 hosts ukraine and poland hit back over claims of racism in their countries .  bbc investigation claimed racism and anti-semitism widespread among football fans .  ukrainian ambassador to the uk says documentary was unbalanced and biase .
 'better call saul ' : what 's the verdict ? <sec> much-anticipated `` breaking bad '' spinoff `` better call saul '' premiered sunday .  the first episode was a showcase for the acting talents of bob odenkirk .  critics and fans raved about the spinof .
 muamba makes emotional appearance at bolton 's match against tottenham <sec> fabrice muamba appears on pitch before bolton 's match against tottenham .  muamba collapsed on the pitch against tottenham in an fa cup match on march 17 .  tottenham win vital epl clash 4-1 to leave bolton in relegation zone .  newcastle score 2-0 victory at chelsea to boost their european hope .
 exploring america 's main streets on a motorcycle <sec> three young men set out to discover america from their motorcycle seats .  the best meal of the trip was n't in seattle , new york city or los angeles .  a national park in maryland delivered a surprising musical interlud .
 world war ii-era nazi mass grave thought found <sec> the remains of 220 disabled people are thought to be buried in the austrian graveyard .  historians think the people were killed by nazis trying to eliminate `` undesirables '' .  a map of the graves was found by historians studying hospital records .  the company that runs the hospital plans to exhume them starting in marc .
 drone use in u.s. may require new laws , senate panel told <sec> increasing use of drones in u.s. raises privacy concerns at senate hearing .  their use may require new definition of unreasonable search , sen. grassley says .  drone industry expert says the faa has strict rules about using the aircraft .  drones also used for tracking crops , livestock and surveying buildings in u.s .
 wigan 's shock fa cup win keeps football romance alive <sec> underdog wigan beats big-spending manchester city 1-0 in saturday 's fa cup final .  substitute ben watson heads the only goal in the first minute of time added on .  city reduced to 10 men when pablo zabaleta is sent off in the 85th minute .  frank lampard becomes chelsea 's all-time leading scorer in win over aston vill .
 u.s. designates chechen group in north caucasus as terrorist entity <sec> caucasus emirate is added to the u.s. list of terrorist groups .  the state department links the group 's leader to a suicide bombing in chechnya .  the group also claims responsibility for three bombings in russi .
 alleged 'smoking gun ' e-mail revealed in michael jackson death suit <sec> michael jackson 's mom and kids accuse aeg live of pressuring dr. conrad murray .  a `` smoking gun '' e-mail ties aeg live to murray , jackson attorney says .  concert promoter aeg live argues it did not hire or supervise murray .  murray is serving a prison sentence for jackson 's 2009 deat .
 trial to start for scandinavia 'mumbai-style ' terror plot <sec> four swedish nationals are to stand trial for an alleged islamist terror plot in scandinavia .  they are charged with plotting an attack against jyllands posten , a copenhagen newspaper .  the newspaper published controversial cartoons of the prophet mohammed .  the plot was thwarted by authoritie .
 barbara billingsley of 'leave it to beaver ' fame dies <sec> actress barbara billingsley dies at home at age 94 .  she is best known for her role as june cleaver .  a private memorial is being planne .
 opinion : here 's something congress could actually do <sec> julian zelizer : sen. max baucus ' proposed to reform taxes is n't as crazy as it sounds .  he says congress has reasons to want to reach agreement on tax reform .  both parties would gain some credibility with public that feel congress ca n't do anything , he says .  zelizer : a deal on taxes would help cut deficit , close loophole .
 working instead of school , the boy mechanics of kabul <sec> boys in their early teens work as mechanics with no safety gear in afghan capital .  14-year-old nazer ahmad earns less than a dollar a day -- his family 's only income .  nazer works ten-hour days , says he has no time for fun .  he 'd like to go back to school and become a teacher to `` serve '' his countr .
 epa aims to keep rat poison from children , animals <sec> epa says new regulations will reduce rat poison exposure to children , wildlife .  environmental groups laud efforts to keep rat poison off consumer market .  new restrictions prohibit sale of loose pellets , bulk bags for personal use .  bait blocks for rats that are used in the wild can attract endangered specie .
 how cnn.com handles user comments <sec> cnn.com gets thousands of comments on its stories every day .  our audience makes valuable contributions to coverage by giving us a broader view .  we have moderators and other mechanisms in place to help keep things civi .
 solange , jay z and beyonce break silence on elevator incident <sec> solange knowles , jay z and his wife , beyonce , release a statement .  tmz released video showing an altercation between solange and jay z in an elevator .  they say they have `` worked through it , '' saying all families have their problems .  the statement refutes that solange was intoxicate .
 a hollywood ending : 'carmageddon ii ' traffic nightmare fails to materialize in la <sec> new : authorities cite three people who try to enter the freeway .  the feared traffic tie-ups do not materialize .  a 10-mile section of interstate 405 was closed for the weekend .  a portion of a bridge came down as workers were demolishing another part of i .
 senate intel chief : putin should 'man up ' on plane <sec> dianne feinstein says russian leader should offer clear explanation .  she says there will be `` repercussions '' from shooting down of jetliner over eastern ukraine .  ukrainian government , pro-russian rebels trade accusations over who is responsibl .
 world 's splashiest hotel bathrooms <sec> hotel bathrooms are getting a fashion upgrade with elegant design and amazing views .  song saa island in cambodia offers stone bathtubs with a view of the gulf of thailand .  the viceroy 's bathroom offers sweeping views of central park from the sprawling dual shower .  park hyatt vienna has a show-stopping gilded bat .
 sharapova protects three-set record to reach u.s. open quarterfinals <sec> maria sharapova beats nadia petrova to reach u.s. open quarterfinals .  sharapova has won 11 three-set matches in 2012 .  marion bartoli wins 12 of 13 games to secure 1-6 , 6-2 , 6-0 win over petra kvitova .  sam stosur ends 18-year-old laura robson 's impressive u.s. open run with a 6-4 6-4 wi .
 fifa to probe claims of irregular betting patterns in turkey <sec> fifa to investigate two international friendlies amid claims of heavy betting patterns .  the matches , bolivia versus latvia and bulgaria-estonia , produced seven penalties .  football 's world ruling body confirms it has asked for the match reports .  estonian fa revealed it had been informed of possible manipulation before the gam .
 8 months after devastating tornado , missouri hospital to be demolished <sec> st. john 's mercy hospital took a near-direct hit from an ef-5 tornado in may .  the hospital is being torn down and rebuilt about 2 miles away .  the tornado was the deadliest ever on u.s. soil .  `` we 're trying to get over the shock of all of it , '' a city councilman say .
 judge declines to reverse order giving manson follower tapes to police <sec> a bankruptcy judge rejects a request by charles `` tex '' watson .  watson wanted police to only listen to his personal tapes , not take possession of them .  los angeles police believe the tapes might have clues about unsolved killings .  in a letter to cnn , watson says `` there are no unsolved murder committed by the manson family .
 refined boozing : stepping up the après ski experience <sec> you never know where a champagne bar might pop up in aspen .  host a private wyoming whiskey tasting in your luxury rental .  toast the italian ski team in the dolomites of northern ital .
 britain 's prince william and catherine get new 'conjugal ' coat of arms <sec> william and catherine have a new coat of arms to represent them as a married couple .  the duke and duchess of cambridge were married in 2011 .  catherine 's father , michael middleton , was granted a coat of arms ahead of the wedding .  the new coat of arms places william and catherine 's respective shields side by sid .
 a sniper 's view : 'when you are bred to kill , you know ' <sec> brandon smith believes he is well-suited to be a sniper .  he , like chris kyle in the movie `` american sniper , '' has no regrets about killing the enemy .  he was proud of what he did in iraq and has struggled with adjusting to a more mundane existenc .
 opinion : do n't judge dad who left son in car yet <sec> justin ross harris has been charged with murder , child cruelty after son died in hot car .  mark o'mara : we need to look at any prior behavior that shows complete disregard for son .  o'mara : if there 's none , we look at negligence ; `` forgetting child '' needs to be analyzed .  he says it 's wrong to judge a negligent act by consequences , no matter how ba .
 man behind pro-isis @ shamiwitness arrested , police say <sec> police commissioner says the suspect had an impact on english-speakers .  mehdi masroor biswas , 24 , is suspected of running the pro-isis twitter account .  he said he expected to be arrested and believes he 's done nothing wrong .  police describe him as an isis `` sympathizer .
 time-lapse photography is an old trick turning new again <sec> digital cameras and video sharing sites give new life to an old technique .  time-lapse offers new perspective on places we see every day .  ireport challenges its community to try a new skill each weekend .  next up : teach a cooking clas .
 reel-y ? giant catfish reportedly caught in italy <sec> dino ferrari snaps photos of a 280-pound catfish he says he caught in italy .  it took him 40 minutes to reel in the fish , according to his sponso .
 inside louis vuitton 's townhouse : wooing luxury shoppers in digital age <sec> luxury firms lead retail destination trend designed to enhance consumer experience .  louis vuitton is latest label to combine in-store adventure with business strategy .  burberry also reports growth internationally following comprehensive digital overhau .
 washington lottery winner to be disclosed ; idaho 's still a mystery <sec> the family will spilt the $ 380 million jackpot with a mystery buyer in idaho .  the jackpot is the second largest in the drawing 's history .  ephrata , washington , is a small town with about 6,000 peopl .
 oscar green room 'comfortable and glamorous ' <sec> stephen shadley handled oscar green room design .  inspiration came from 1970s home , right down to shag carpet .  shadley : `` i want to try to make people feel rested and comfortable and glamorous .
 paris : city overview <sec> paris remains one of the most charming and beautiful cities in the world .  the center was rebuilt in the 19th century by baron haussman .  away from central paris , the suburbs have suffered rioting by angry youths .  modern paris is represented in avante-garde creations like the pompidou cente .
 2010 a strong year for global tourism , u.n. agency says <sec> international tourist arrivals increased 6.7 percent .  emerging economies in asia , the middle east and the americans led the way .  growth in europe and africa was slowe .
 iran calls for public holiday as air pollution plagues capital <sec> tehran 's schools , public offices , universities and banks close wednesday and thursday .  tehran shut down last wednesday to cut down on auto emissions and traffic .  the government says despite a 40 percent drop in traffic , pollution is at critical level .
 uk police drop case against brother in french alps deaths <sec> uk police drop the case against zaid al-hilli , citing insufficient evidence .  zaid al-hilli was arrested in june on suspicion of conspiracy to commit murder .  his brother was shot along with his wife , mother-in-law and a cyclist in a mysterious attack .  french prosecutor says the french-led investigation into the killings continue .
 suicide does n't set you free ( opinion ) <sec> bill schmitz : media should never present suicide as escape for problems . .  it 's often preventable .  he says oscars tweeted 'genie , you 're free ' about robin williams . .  wrong . .  his pain now on others .  schmitz : it 's unknown if celebrity suicide causes copycats ; adults must address issue responsibly .  schmitz : williams tragic death a way to teach people suicide 's warning signs , open dialogu .
 opinion : movie critic : oscars leave me cold <sec> film critic molly haskell does n't work for an outlet and can admit the oscars leave her cold .  haskell : academy rarely honors truly great or difficult films ; makes obvious choices .  she says oscars and fashion coverage blots out all other news and goes on for months .  haskell : films from early part of year ignored and the stars and movies are overexpose .
 handheld device that saves lives <sec> myshkin ingawale : mobile tech enables developing nations to leapfrog over wired systems .  he says nations such as india need ways to jump ahead in health care .  ingawale : new technology is n't a magic pill ; technology must fit health care delivery system .  his company developed a tool to detect anemia without drawing bloo .
 utah . gay marriage . boy scouts . pizza . say no more <sec> peter brownstein delivered pizza to same-sex couples waiting to be married .  lines were long after a judge struck down utah 's ban on same-sex marriage .  brownstein wore a rainbow neckerchief with his scout uniform .  the boy scouts voted last may to allow openly gay youths to joi .
