 cnn student news - february 13 , 2015 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 86 dead in colombia amid this year 's heavy rain , red cross says <sec> an intense rainy season brings mudslides and flooding , a red cross official says .  `` this is the longest rainy season we 've had in the last 40 years , '' she says .  president santos : `` this tragedy has no precedent in our history .
 quad-core arms race 'ridiculous ' says microsoft exec <sec> microsoft executive calls quad-core processors unnecessary .  aaron woodman says nokia devices running windows phone are just as fast .  woodman has offered cash for anyone whose device can beat a windows phone in a speed tes .
 tea party 'godmother ' stood alone at the beginning <sec> in february 2009 , mary rakovich stood alone and spoke against president 's spending plan .  some in tea party say she was one of the first to publicly protest obama 's economic policies .  though she rails against government spending , she does rely on medicare .  but she says that medicare and medicaid `` need to be revived and revamped .
 will the young and healthy use healthcare.gov ? <sec> susan lane made it her mission to sign up on healthcare.gov .  lane and her family badly needed insurance .  but will young , healthy people go to such trouble .
 newsquiz : week of february 11 <sec> use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student news .  write your answers in the space provided .  today 's newsquiz includes the media literacy question of the da .
 panetta : 'we 're within an inch of war almost every day ' <sec> hillary clinton and leon panetta sit for a joint interview at nato in brussels .  panetta says a nuclear test by north korea would be a provocation .  he refused to discuss what specific action the u.s. would take against north korea .  clinton says it was too early to know if kim jong un will follow the lead of his late fathe .
 juventus takes control of serie a after ending roma 's unbeaten streak <sec> juventus ends roma 's unbeaten run in serie a by winning 3-0 in turin .  juventus takes an eight-point lead over roma atop the italian divison .  barcelona reclaims top position in spain 's la liga by easing past elche 4-0 .  alexis sanchez nets a hat-trick for barcelona , which was still without lionel mess .
 daniel radcliffe on sex , scrabble and life after 'potter ' <sec> daniel radcliffe stars as beat poet allen ginsberg in `` kill your darlings '' .  radcliffe has appeared nude for a role before and has a gay sex scene in the new film .  the actor says there are pros and cons to `` harry potter '' fam .
 advice for men : do n't wait to see a doctor <sec> american men are 25 percent less likely than women to visit a doctor , agency says .  men should see their doctors annually after age 50 , says dr. david dodson .  healthy men under 50 should get a checkup every 18 months , he says .  around age 50 , men should be screened for colon and prostate cancer , he say .
 finnish police arrest more than 20 on child sex abuse charges <sec> police in finland arrest more than 20 on charges related to child sex abuse .  the arrests began with a single incident in 2011 , police say .  at least one of the arrested has a history of similar crimes against childre .
 source : u.s. departs pakistan base <sec> new : a u.s. official disputes a pakistani claim that civilians died in a drone strike .  u.s. military personnel depart a pakistan base , a pakistani official says .  the location is a hub of drone activity , another official says .  the news comes amid public furor over civilians killed in drone strike .
 this week on marketplace middle east <sec> libya is the third biggest oil producer in africa .  mme takes a look at how social unrest could impact the country 's oil economy .  ceo of bahrain 's sovereign wealth fund tells how the protests are impacting busines .
 dreamliner safety review : what it means for fliers <sec> new : some fliers will wait before flying dreamliner ; others will keep flying .  new : air safety group calls on faa to examine its internal processes .  travel industry leaders report zero concerns from clients .  150 dreamliner flights happen daily , boeing says . .  united owns six aircraf .
 face it , tough times are ahead <sec> amitai etzioni : despite promises and proposals , there is no quick fix for economy .  obama 's `` we are tougher than the times we live in '' should be a policy , he writes .  etzioni : americans will have to do with less and sacrifice for at least 10 years .  he says years of indulgence , living beyond our means will take years to redres .
 venezuela : u.s. denied airspace permission to presidential plane <sec> new : a state department official says the plane was approved to clear u.s. airspace .  venezuelan officials say the u.s. denied airspace permission to their presidential plane .  venezuela 's president says the u.s. also denied u.n. delegation visas .  maduro calls the move a `` serious offense .
 real go through despite defeat at levante <sec> levante beat real madrid 2-0 in their spanish cup second leg tie .  real through 8-2 on aggregate to reach last eight .  barcelona reached quarterfinals on wednesday night .  holders sevilla also progress as do last year 's runners-up atletico madri .
 image of nyc terror threat prompts probe <sec> new : nyc police commissioner ray kelly said that threat may be `` egyptian in nature '' .  image shows nyc cityscape with words `` al qaeda . .  coming soon again in new york '' .  the fbi says `` there is no specific or credible threat to new york at this time '' .  the fbi and the nypd are investigating the origins of an online postin .
 medics : child slain during yemen protest <sec> the demonstration took place in taiz .  guards fired at protesters after they failed to disperse , witnesses said .  yemen has been enduring widespread civil strif .
 chad le clos : <sec> south african swimmer stunned michael phelps at 2012 london olympics .  after defeating his childhood idol , le clos has dominated 100m and 200m butterfly .  his father bert is also famous for joyful celebrations following son 's win in london .  the 22-year-old is hoping to square up to phelps again at rio in 201 .
 ioc to tackle threat of olympic super-bug <sec> researchers find an antibiotic-resistant super-bacteria in the sailing waters for the olympics .  rio officials insist the risk to sailors will be `` minimal '' despite the research .  sailors have already complained less than two years out from the games for its filthy waters .  70 % of the city 's sewage is spilled into the bay where the games sailing will take plac .
 officials confirm 'credible but unconfirmed ' 9/11 threat <sec> new : washington officials say stay calm and vigilant .  new york leaders say there 's no need to panic .  new york city and washington are cited as possible targets .  the plot is believed to involve 3 individuals and explosives , official say .
 how apple 's icloud could help save the music industry <sec> the new itunes imatch service will cost $ 25 a year , with unlimited storage .  for icloud , apple will give the four major labels almost 60 percent of future profits .  apple is n't the first to provide such a service -- amazon unveiled its cloud drive in marc .
 2 officers killed in separate shootings in indiana <sec> one officer was found dead in his patrol car in gary .  the second was killed in a shootout in indianapoli .
 like a modern cupid , inspector tests flowers to your valentine <sec> rosie maizuss and crew review 19 million valentine flowers at u.s.-mexico border .  valentine 's day and mother 's day are their busiest season for floral inspections .  mexican truckers lament when inspectors find bugs and pests in floral deliveries .  `` cut flowers is a huge industry , and it 's very important we protect it , '' maizuss say .
 klose keeps lazio in title contention <sec> lazio beat lecce 3-2 to go second in italy 's serie a as miroslav klose nets twice .  veteran germany striker takes his tally of league goals to eight this season .  inter milan move into ninth place with 2-0 win at home to fiorentina .  sixth-placed palermo suffering a shock 1-0 home defeat by second-bottom cesen .
 sri lankan candidate alleges intimidation <sec> new : early returns show rajapaksa leading , state-run tv slrc reports .  fonseka accuses rajapaksa of intimidation .  politicians vow to block fonseka , saying he is not registered to vote .  presidential election is first since government forces put down 26-year insurgenc .
 tsa discovery prompts new york bomb scare - six hours later <sec> a tsa officer coming on duty spotted two devices .  that started events that resulted in the nypd bomb squad being called .  the devices had been removed from a traveler 's bag earlier but were not a threat .  the bomb squad was called `` out of an abundance of caution , '' the tsa say .
 steve jobs and alternative cancer care <sec> andrew weil says he ca n't say if steve job 's treatment choices shortened his life .  he says in his studies he has found no alternative therapy for cancer that is effective .  but , he says , alternative therapies can help strengthen body during cancer care .  weil : integrative medicine should be essential part of cancer car .
 russian billionaire to run against putin <sec> mikhail prokhorov concedes he runs the risk of ending up in prison .  the new jersey nets owner is worth $ 18 billion .  supporters of russian prime minister vladimir putin march to back him .  tens of thousands demonstrate against parliamentary election results on saturda .
 rig survivors urge congress to hold companies accountable <sec> transocean attorney denies company had employees sign releases .  survivors of the deepwater horizon explosion testify to a house committee on thursday .  also testifying was a father of one of the 11 workers killed in the april 20 blast .  survivors say the company compromised safety with employment cutback .
 iran says u.s. warships in persian gulf spawn 'mayhem ' <sec> iran 's defense minister speaks out over u.s. warship .  the persian gulf and the strait of hormuz are critical areas .  the united states has had forces in the persian gulf for decade .
 flight 370 : the search goes under water <sec> new : up to 10 military planes , 3 civilian planes , 11 ships will be part of saturday 's search .  new : the search area shifts slightly further off australia 's northwest coast .  naval vessels are looking for underwater hoping to locate the plane 's ping .  a month later , still holding on to hope : `` see you in the morning for breakfast .
 gay florida teen kaitlyn hunt pleads no contest in underage sex case <sec> kaitlyn hunt has been in jail since august 20 .  under deal , hunt will be sentenced to four months in jail .  hunt was accused of a sexual relationship with a 14-year-old girl .  the case garnered national attentio .
 federer fined for u.s. open final outburst <sec> roger federer fined $ 1,500 for his argument with umpire in u.s. open final .  federer confronted jake garner in row over challenges by juan martin del potro .  del potro went on to win his first grand slam in five-set thriller in new yor .
 airstrikes commence in tikrit , iraq <sec> `` these strikes are intended to destroy isil strongholds with precision , '' u.s. general says .  coalition is providing help asked for by iraqi prime minister haider al-abad .
 2011 , the year nothing happened <sec> felipe fernandez-armesto : for all its sound , fury , 2011 was a year in which little changed .  he says bin laden was a has-been who had ceased to influence history .  no real progress on reform of economy or global political system , he says .  author : opportunities were missed to make 2011 a pivotal yea .
 gay iranian teen loses asylum appeal <sec> iranian teenager loses appeal to remain in the netherlands .  19-year-old had sought asylum in uk but is to be sent home .  mehdi kazemi says he will face persecution in his homelan .
 study : more cases of autism in u.s. kids than previously realized <sec> study indicates about 1 % of children 3 to 17 have autism or related disorder .  results based on national telephone survey of more than 78,000 parents .  cdc official : `` this is a significant issue that needs immediate attention '' .  researchers saying finding could reflect heightened awareness of disorde .
 chavez seeks another six-year term after 13 years as venezuelan president <sec> hugo chavez was first elected in 1998 at age 44 .  he 's now 58 and has been battling cancer .  in july , he announced he was cancer free .  he was imprisoned for two years in the early 1990s for his role in a coup attemp .
 anti-mormonism bites romney in south <sec> howell raines : romney 's mormonism was under-the-radar issue in tuesday 's primaries .  he says ala. governor 's backing `` most conservative '' santorum was code for religious ally .  he says in 1980 christians unified with catholics over ronald reagan , creating a base .  raines : romney 's mormomism less hurtful in run against obama ; south will still go go .
 kobani : a grim victory in the battle against isis <sec> kurdish peshmerga forces have wrested control of kobani away from isis .  the syrian city has been a key target , in part because it sits on the turkish borde .
 california teen gets 21 years for killing gay student <sec> brandon mcinerney , 17 , pleaded guilty to killing 15-year-old lawrence king .  the sentence includes 11 years for manslaughter and 10 for using a firearm .  a jury earlier deadlocked on whether to convict mcinerney of murder or manslaughter .  victim 's father reads a statement in cour .
 myanmar confirms sweeping election victory for suu kyi 's party <sec> myanmar 's neighbors have called for a lifting of sanctions after the elections .  state tv confirms that suu kyi 's party won 43 of the 44 seats it contested .  it will still only hold a small fraction of the 664 seats in the myanmar legislatur .
 opinion : special ops bravado hurts national security <sec> michele malvesti , nancy walbridge collins note anniversary of bin laden raid .  they say day reminds us to reject culture that publicly details special ops missions .  books , movies on missions hurt national security , team morale , they say .  writers : leaks about missions can distort view of how military power used , must be reined i .
 satellites unearthing ancient egyptian ruins <sec> sharper resolutions allowing scientists to use satellites to locate ruins sites .  pictures from commercial satellites have been sharp enough only for past decade .  images have helped archaeologist sarah parcak find hundreds of egyptian sites .  colorado company 's new , advanced imaging satellite to be launched in 200 .
 tea party congressman clashes over islam at town hall <sec> allen west was backed by the tea party in november 's election .  islamic activist accused west of making anti-muslim comments .  west , an iraq war veteran , has made controversial comments about islam .  he has been seen in a bulletproof vest , has license to carry concealed weapo .
 'walking dead ' finale : if daryl dies , we riot <sec> norman reedus has become a breakout star on tv 's no . .  1 show , `` the walking dead '' .  reedus first noticed big fan reaction after `` cherokee rose '' episode in 2011 .  reedus was attracted to `` walking dead '' because of the script , `` did n't see zombies .
 'the office ' auction : how much would you bid for dwight 's pepper spray <sec> you can own a piece of `` the office '' .  the most expensive item is a framed portrait of dwight schrute .  the auction ends soo .
 jeff bauman , boston marathon bombing survivor , gets book deal <sec> jeff bauman lost both his legs in the boston marathon bombing in april .  bauman , 27 , who helped identify one of the suspects , will write a book .  the book called `` stronger '' will be published near the anniversar .
 why are michigan 's bottle deposits so high ? <sec> in `` the bottle deposit , `` seinfeld 's kramer and newman hope to redeem bottles and cans .  the higher deposit makes michigan 's recycling program successful .  operation can scam led to the arraignment of 10 grocers and conspirators .
 anti-whaling activist goes on trial in japan <sec> charges against peter bethune include trespassing .  he was taken into custody in february aboard the shonan maru 2 .  verdict is expected on june 1 .
 iranian forces disperse protesters with batons , tear gas <sec> july 9 marks 10th anniversary of turning point in iranian reformist movement .  massive protests rocked iran in the days following the june 12 election .  supporters of opposition candidates questioned the legitimacy of the vote .  irna : police chief urges citizens of tehran to consider leavin .
 real madrid and barca both win semifinals <sec> real madrid win 1-0 at holders sevilla in their spanish cup semifinal first leg .  karim benzema scores the only goal to give madrid a crucial advantage .  barcelona thrash almeria 5-0 in the other semifinal , scoring four goals in first half .  city rivals ac milan and holders inter milan both through to the italian cup semifinal .
 there 's plenty to cut at the pentagon <sec> defense officials , pentagon contractors warn budget cuts could decimate military .  william hartung says the forced cuts are n't ideal but there 's lot of fat at pentagon .  he says weapons programs , military staffing levels are inflated .  hartung : the pentagon 's accounting is a mess ; has n't passed an audi .
 obama makes pick for energy chief , sources say <sec> physicist steven chu to be named as nominee next week .  former epa chief carol browner picked as new `` climate czar '' .  nobel prize winner chu has some wondering about lack of experience .  obama 's energy team will face tough fight next year , officials war .
 german poet declared unwelcome in israel <sec> gunter grass ' poem accused israel of wanting to `` extinguish the iranian people '' .  israeli leaders assail grass , say iran is the real threat .  grass was in the nazi waffen-ss during world war i .
 7 killed in clashes between turkish troops , kurdish rebels <sec> a video shows a wedding celebration caught in the crossfire .  1 soldier , 1 police officer , 2 suspected militants and 3 civilians are killed , an official says .  official : the fighting started when suspected militants attack four locations .  the clashes come as fighting between kurdish militants and the turkish state escalate .
 officials : coal slurry spill blackens 6 miles of west virginia creek <sec> more than 100,000 gallons of coal slurry is believed to have leaked .  the slurry flowed into a tributary of the kanawha river .  officials say the spill does not affect the public water suppl .
 sizzling marc marquez leads way in malaysian motogp qualifying <sec> marc marquez claims his fourth pole position in a row , finishing fastest in malaysia .  it came after the spanish rookie was docked a point for colliding with dani pedrosa .  valentino rossi finished second , the italian great 's best qualifying result in three years .  marquez 's closest rival in the standings , jorge lorenzo , starts fourth on the gri .
 grandmother faces capital charge in death of alabama third-grader <sec> 9-year-old savannah hardin died after she was forced to run for eating chocolate .  spokeswoman : grandmother joyce garrard , 46 , faces a capital murder charge .  a grand jury indicts the girl 's stepmother on a felony murder charge .  an attorney says the women are `` falsely accused and wrongly incarcerated .
 cyberchondria could save your life <sec> the term cyberchondria is a digital age version of hypochondria .  doctor jokes : `` dr. google has certainly sent me his share of referrals '' .  patti roberts says an episode of `` the oprah winfrey show '' helped save her husband 's lif .
 serena and venus williams to meet in montreal semis <sec> serena williams beats caroline wozniacki in montreal .  williams comes from a set and break down to win three-setter .  faces sister venus for a place in the final .  jo-wilfried tsonga extends fine run at toronto masters 1000 even .
 'grease ' actor jeff conaway has died <sec> new : `` jeff was a severe , severe opiate addict with chronic pain , '' dr. drew says .  new : `` i told him for years that it was going to kill him , '' dr. drew says .  conaway suffered from pneumonia and sepsis .  life support was removed thursday , his manager say .
