 scientists : humans and machines will merge in future <sec> nick bostrom says technology will let humans manipulate their own biology .  ray kurzweil predicts humans will be mostly non-biological by around 2030 .  biotechnology , nanotechnology , robotics could merge mankind with machine .
 suspected volgograd bombing mastermind killed , russian state media say <sec> suspected mastermind killed in a police shootout in dagestan , itar-tass reports .  one accomplice surrendered but others were killed , the news agency says .  the bombings in volgograd in december killed 34 and injured more than 100 .  russian security operations have focused on suspected islamist militants in dagesta .
 rugby in the u.s. set for a massive boost ? <sec> the u.s. is bidding to host the 2018 rugby world cup sevens .  rugby sevens is a seven-a-side version of rugby union .  the rugby world cup sevens is staged every four years .  the 2013 event took place in russia and was won by new zealan .
 opinion : 'rattlesnake roundup ' teaches cruelty is fun <sec> wendy townsend : 4,000 pounds of rattlesnakes slaughtered at jaycee event .  townsend : snakes are sick , they suffocate ; hundreds are in piles , tormented .  she says kids skin decapitated snakes ; then press bloody handprints on a wall .  townsend : other fundraisers have changed and focus on celebrating snakes as an ico .
 extraordinary architecture of europe 's abandoned border posts <sec> spanish photographer ignacio evangelista 's `` after schengen '' project captures images of abandoned european checkpoints .  schengen agreement came into force 20 years ago , lifting border controls between participating european nations .  border checkpoints range from giant soviet statements to small huts in deep , dark forest .
 the future of travel reads like a sci-fi novel <sec> skyscanner teamed with 56 editors , researchers and futurists to create the future of travel report .  travel agents and tour guides could be replaced with a hologram projected from a watch .  travelers will be able to capture entire 3-d , tactile experiences , and share them with others .  technology will get so small , google glass capabilities could be installed in contact lense .
 haiti appeals for aid ; official fears 100,000 dead after earthquake <sec> people digging through rubble with their hands , looking for survivors .  haitian president : we need medicine , doctors now .  former president clinton : send cash to relief agencies .  capital flattened , hospitals gone after 7.0 quake , haitian official say .
 tears and big hugs as cruise passengers reunite with families in mobile <sec> new : a number of passengers boarded buses for new orleans .  briana adkins was reunited with her family at the alabama cruise terminal .  the triumph was left virtually dead in the water after a fire on sunday .  it arrived at the port of mobile late thursday nigh .
 europeans disgusted , dismissive of 'no go ' claims <sec> some in u.s. media have said certain muslim areas in europe are unwelcoming , under sharia law .  residents of birmingham , england , dismiss such claims , saying they 're not based in reality .  paris ' mayor has sued fox news over such assertions , while others in france responded with satir .
 'python patrol ' targets giant snakes of south florida <sec> `` python patrol '' aims to keep giant burmese pythons from reaching florida keys .  pet owners have been dumping the snakes in the everglades .  burmese pythons can grow more than 20 feet long and eat animals whole .  the snakes `` are eating a lot of our endangered species , '' conservationist say .
 jailed mobster claims he can prove amanda knox is innocent <sec> jailed mobster luciano aviello claims his brother told him he killed meredith kercher in botched robbery .  aviello says he buried brother 's bloody knife , clothes and keys to kercher 's apartment .  amanda knox 's lawyers want aviello 's story investigated for her appeal .  knox , her former boyfriend were convicted of murdering kercher in december 200 .
 indian victims include financier , journalist , actor 's sister , police <sec> new : hotel employee , taj gm 's wife and two sons reported dead .  ashok kapur , chairman of yes bank , reported killed at oberoi hotel .  body of sabina sehgal saikia , times of india consulting editor , found .  hemant karkare , chief of anti-terrorism squad , among 17 police kille .
 feds sue to overturn arizona immigration law <sec> new : arizona governor criticizes government lawsuit against immigration law .  key republican says lawsuit shows `` contempt '' for americans .  justice department says arizona improperly preempts federal law .  law requires police to question people suspected of being in u.s. illegall .
 jury deciding fates of former blackwater contractors <sec> case relates to shooting in 2007 that left more than a dozen unarmed iraqi civilians dead .  defendants have denied all charges , saying they acted in self-defense .  incident prompted international outrage ; u.s. prosecution has lasted for year .
 iranian opposition leader kept from anti-israel rallies <sec> new : son says attackers targeted his father 's house repeatedly to stop him from participating .  iranian opposition leader does not attend after his security force advises him to stay away .  ahmadinejad denounces israel in a university speech .  some protesters are carrying iranian flags and banners supporting palestinians in the annual even .
 mexican legislative candidate , family killed <sec> bodies of jose francisco fuentes esperon , wife and 2 sons found inside their home .  discovery brings campaigns for statewide offices in state of tabasco to halt .  fuentes ' wife shot in head ; their sons , 10 and 13 , had been asphyxiated .  officials release no motive for slayings ; speculation centers on drug cartel or robber .
 michael jackson broke down racial barriers <sec> jackson 5 went mainstream and maintained black identity , professor says .  mtv did n't play videos of black artists before jackson .  expert : despite his changing appearance , he was always in touch with black cultur .
 fire scorches america 's cup site in san francisco <sec> the blaze damaged a warehouse at san francisco 's pier 29 .  the pier is slated to host america 's cup festivities in 2012 .  there wer no injuries from the three-alarm blaze , firefighters sa .
 rubio : 5 steps to beat ebola ( opinion ) <sec> marco rubio : americans lack confidence in government 's ability to fight crises like ebola .  but u.s. is country best equipped to tackle nightmare problems of ebola , he says .  important that u.s. help beat the disease in west africa to ease threat to u.s. , rubio say .
 bundesliga crown stays in dortmund <sec> borussia dortmund clinch second successive german league title on saturday .  jurgen klopp 's team beat borussia monchengladbach 2-0 in front of home fans .  victory seals championship with two rounds of the bundesliga remaining .  second-placed bayern munich win ahead of champions league semifinal tri .
 adventures of real-life female indiana jones of the past <sec> archaeologist dorothy garrod led an excavation in 1930s with all-female team .  palaeobiologist dr. victoria herridge was so inspired , she co-founded blog trowelblazers .  trowelblazers celebrates women in archaeology , palaeontology and geolog .
 opinion : lusting after the new iphone <sec> dean obeidallah : the new iphone 5s has rekindled my enthusiasm for the devices .  he says the iphone has been his companion , resource , chronicler for years .  obeidallah says he wants a gold-colored phone , looks forward to its new feature .
 brighter signs in economy have n't boosted confidence or hiring <sec> the national unemployment rate is 10.2 percent .  labor department : the jobless rate increased in 29 states in october .  federal reserve chairman ben bernanke sees modest growth on the horizo .
 libyan opposition says nato strike hit rebel fighters ; 13 killed <sec> new : mortar rounds land in misrata clinic , causing casualties .  coalition airstrikes hit several rebel vehicles , reports say .  a government spokesman says the rebels are not serious about a cease-fire .  an opposition leader calls for the removal of snipers , mercenaries and militia .
 celebs who 've complained about dieting <sec> sandra bullock says , `` they pay us to do this in order to look good on film '' .  jennifer aniston was told she needed to lose 20 pounds to be on `` friends '' .  kelly osbourne says she took more heat for being fat than for being a drug addic .
 michele monaghan : grounded and gorgeous <sec> michelle monaghan plays tom cruise 's love interest in the new `` mission impossible '' .  monaghan says she started with ab work after her pregnancy .  `` i ran a half-marathon in april with my cousins , mom , and aunts . .  it was amazing , '' monaghan sai .
 syrian refugees plead with u.s. secretary of state in jordan <sec> refugees vent their anger to john kerry over a lack of international action .  they call for a no-fly zone , want to end a flow of troops and arms from other countries .  `` as you know , we 've been fighting two wars for 12 years , '' kerry responds .  the za'atri camp in jordan is home to roughly 120,000 refugees fleeing the civil wa .
 australia apologizes for forced adoptions <sec> forced adoptions were widespread in australia for decades .  they were often arranged for the babies of unwed mothers .  australian prime minister julia gillard delivers the apolog .
 slooooooooow : u.s. slips to 9th in internet speed <sec> report says united states has 9th-fastest internet speed in the world .  that 's down from 8th last year , as the u.s. is leapfrogged by sweden .  geography , population , industry are factors .  south korea has fastest connections , 60 % quicker than united state .
 israel detains illegal african migrants as part of deportation plan <sec> 240 illegal migrants are detained and 300 others volunteer to leave .  the issue of illegal african migrants is of growing concern in israel .  the interior minister says the deportations are lawfu .
 cable makes big promises for african internet <sec> undersea seacom cable links southern and east africa to europe , asia .  system provides cheaper alternative to satellite connections .  17,000 km cable capable of 1.28 terabytes per second .  seacom spokesman : this is going to reduce the cost of doing busines .
 when oversharing online can get you arrested <sec> law enforcement can obtain virtually anything posted online and use it against a person .  one man was arrested for posting a video of himself driving and drinking online .  social sharing played a large part in the highly publicized steubenville rape case .  defendants may have to deny their own words if they admit to a crime onlin .
 washington refinery fire kills 4 <sec> fire injures 3 at the anacortes , washington , refinery owned by tesoro corporation .  cause of the blaze not immediately known .  tesoro corp. is refiner , marketer of petroleum products , says its web sit .
 three of the web 's most awkward phrases <sec> some internet terms do not translate when applied to real-life situations .  the # has become a way in which to emphasize certain ideas on twitter .  you can tag a name by adding @ to your name on twitter or facebook .  `` lol '' was code for `` little old lady '' before it came to mean `` laughing out loud .
 olivia wilde , jason sudeikis welcome baby boy <sec> new : rep : olivia wilde and former snl star jason sudeikis ' baby was born april 20 .  `` otis alexander sudeikis has left the building ! .  ( i 'm the building ) , '' wilde tweets .  the 30-year-old actress tweets a photo of herself and the bab .
 philippines typhoon deaths rise as president declares state of calamity <sec> at least 540 people have died as a result of typhoon bopha .  u.s. providing assistance .  president aquino declares a state of national calamity , allowing access to relief funds .  survivors are in desperate need of water , food and shelter , a relief worker say .
 prosecutors seek more charges against ariel castro <sec> prosecutors say they are seeking more charges against ariel castro .  a grand jury will hear additional evidence next week .  the defense has asked for a speedy trial , which would mean the trial would start by august 4 .  castro did n't say much during short hearin .
 shrinking arctic sea ice sets record low <sec> scientists say arctic sea ice appears to have set a record low maximum extent this winter .  barring an unlikely late surge in sea ice growth , the 2015 maximum is 5.61 million square mile .
 doctor : 'sheer will ' saved bret michaels <sec> michaels fought to stay conscious during brain hemorrhage .  `` he has an unbelievable fight in him , '' says doctor .  michaels ' recovery is complicated by `` a few roadblocks , '' doctor say .
 ten years on , brothers ' tragedy mirrors story of afghanistan <sec> nic robertson and his crew were forced to leave afghanistan by the taliban .  the taliban were forced from power after the september 11 , 2001 attacks on the u.s . .  but the taliban have since regrouped and re-emerged , building on their pashtun support .  until recently they demanded nato troops leave before they enter serious peace talk .
 libya fighters issue deadline to civilians in gadhafi stronghold <sec> new : draft security council resolution expected to be voted on in a few days .  `` do not think that the battle is over , '' says man identified as gadhafi spokesman .  dirak air base taken by anti-gadhafi fighters .  gadhafi spokesman vows to fight o .
 katt williams : 'i 'm kinda done ' with stand-up comedy career <sec> williams tells seattle tv station komo he 's retiring from stand-up comedy .  seattle police charge williams with assault , harassment and obstruction sunday .  williams first gained attention as a stand-up comic in 199 .
 tourist bus blast kills 4 , wounds 14 in egypt <sec> the jihadist group ansar jerusalem claims responsibility for the attack .  egyptian official calls the blast a `` terrorist attack '' .  the bus driver was among the four people killed , state tv reports .  bus was carrying 33 tourists from south korea who had visited a monaster .
 do n't blame the video ; defend free speech <sec> david frum : obama team has focused response on blaming the offensive video .  he says it enables white house to avoid questions about security and foreign policy .  frum says obama and aides should be forthrightly defending freedom of speech .  president should use his u.n. general assembly speech to take a strong stance , frum say .
 rubio : - cnnpolitics.com <sec> sen. marco rubio tells cnn 's wolf blitzer that he 'll make a decision on 2016 in a few weeks .  the florida republican believes he can still raise enough money and win .  rubio has a new book coming out , `` american dreams , '' on tuesda .
 zsa zsa gabor hospitalized after fall <sec> new : gabor will undergo hip replacement surgery monday morning .  gabor 's husband says she broke her hip when she fell out of bed .  gabor 's publicist says she has been `` confined to a wheelchair '' since a 2002 car accident .  the hungarian-born actress is most famous for her eight marriage .
 unbeaten djokovic faces nadal in final after rome epic <sec> world no . .  2 novak djokovic to play top-ranked rafael nadal in rome final .  serbian overcomes fourth seed andy murray in epic semifinal clash for 36th win of 2011 .  nadal has fewer problems in defeating roger federer 's conqueror richard gasquet .  djokovic ended nadal 's two-year unbeaten run on clay in madrid fina .
 cnn student news - january 31 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum 's newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 hundreds of militants attack border guard base in ukraine 's luhansk <sec> new : u.s. vice president biden to attend inauguration for new ukrainian president .  new : seven people die in explosion in government building in same city .  five militants have been killed , the state border guard service says .  the militants are shooting from nearby residential buildings , the official say .
 15,000 flee after boko haram overtakes nigerian town <sec> boko haram raid kills 66 in northeastern town of damboa in nigeria .  town resident said they were left defenseless after fending off previous attack .  nigerian military : `` we are not conceding any portion of this country to any terrorist group .
 mortars hit green zone during biden visit <sec> no injuries or damage reported after attack .  a similar attack hit during a 2009 visit by vice president joe biden .  the american vice president met with iraqi leaders .  u.s. withdrawal remains on schedule , biden say .
 israeli military rejects gaza abuse claims <sec> israeli rights groups angry at speed of military probe into abuse claims .  israeli military rejects allegations of atrocities against palestinians in gaza .  military advocate general : `` the stories told were purposely exaggerated '' .  about 1,300 palestinians died during the israeli military offensiv .
 after shenzhou-9 , china 's new age of discovery ... and self-discovery <sec> shenzhou-9 returns to earth after successfully docking with the tiangong 1 space lab .  the mission also involved china 's first female astronaut to be sent into space .  in recent days a chinese manned submersible also set a diving record in the pacific ocean .  explorer wong how man : missions are awakening a real hunger for adventure in chin .
 cnn student news - april 3 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 al ahly 's triumph shines light on tragic day for egypt <sec> egyptian team al ahly wins african champions league title for seventh time .  fans torn between celebrations and grief after more than 50 children die in crash .  ahly star dedicates saturday 's win to 74 fans who died at port said in february .  egyptian league has been suspended since then due to security fear .
 directors cut winner : martin scorsese <sec> martin scorsese topped the screening room 's `` directors cut '' poll .  his lauded films include `` mean streets , '' `` taxi driver , '' `` goodfellas '' .  scorsese finally won the best director oscar for 2006 's `` the departed .
 opinion : a better story than j.k. rowling 's <sec> bob greene : j.k. rowling used pseudonym to publish book that did n't sell , but critics liked .  she was outed as author , sales of the book soared .  greene : if publisher had n't known it was rowling , it would have been a more telling tale .  he says once an unknown author retyped a famous novel ; no publisher would take i .
 trump opens controversial $ 150m golf course in scotland <sec> donald trump 's scottish golf course cost $ 150 million to create .  its creation was hugely unpopular with locals and environmental groups .  golf world magazine has already ranked the course as the eighth best in britain .  it opens to the public this sunday and green fees will be same as a round at st. andrew .
 remembering troubled roots , a healer reaches back <sec> doctor overcame troubled youth to head pediatric neurosurgery at johns hopkins .  carson won medal of freedom and shares his biography to motivate others .  surgeon 's biography inspired baltimore , maryland , teen that anything is possibl .
 sports mind doctor steve peters 'soothes the chimp within ' <sec> professor steve peters has been hailed as a savior by a long list of sports stars .  psychiatrist 's work in sport began in british cycling and now includes liverpool fc .  he warns that his approach , using `` the chimp paradox , '' is no miracle cure in sport or life .  peters draws parallels with sport and working in a high-security unit earlier in his caree .
 3 suspects in russian spy ring case ordered held <sec> couple reveals they had given authorities false names .  they and a third suspect in russian spy ring case ordered held .  preliminary hearing set for july 6 .  the 3 are among 11 suspects in the cas .
 freed journalists await word on missing driver , reflect on libyan captivity <sec> the journalists believe their libyan driver may have been killed by pro-gadhafi forces .  they feel 'a huge responsibility ' for the missing driver .  the journalists have been reassessing how much risk is worth taking to get a story .  they say they realize how dehumanization of prisoners can lead to violenc .
 sandy amplifies struggles for low-income families <sec> united way 's hurricane sandy recovery fund helps low-income families .  the fund will the address near and long-term recovery needs .  financial pressures for low-income families are exacerbated by disasters .  for more info on this fund and other ways to help , visit impact your worl .
 gerry adams ' arrest praised by murder victim jean mcconville 's family <sec> daughter welcomes gerry adams ' arrest , wants to see him brought before a court .  deputy first minister martin mcguinness says adams ' arrest is politically motivated .  adams has vehemently denied any involvement in the widow 's 1972 killing .  he has described her killing and secret burial as `` wrong and a grievous injustice .
