 gangs target bus riders , drivers for christmas bonuses <sec> in guatemala , many workers receive double pay in december .  criminal gangs target people for this 'aguinaldo ' , or christmas bonus .  association : 87 bus drivers murdered by criminal gangs in 2012 .  u.s. : guatemala crime due to poverty , abundance of weapons , weak polic .
 remains of five-year old boy found in crocodile 's stomach <sec> five-year-old jeremy doble was snatched from close to home in ne australia .  dead boy 's family request that the animal is not harmed , media report .  daintree region , in the north-eastern tip of australia , is popular with eco-tourist .
 why brain dead is really dead <sec> doctors declared jahi mcmath , 13 , brain dead on december 12 .  brain dead is different from a persistent vegetative state or coma .  `` no one who has met the criteria for brain death has ever survived , '' expert say .
 british businessman granted bail in honeymoon killing <sec> businessman accused of arranging fatal hit on his wife in south africa is granted bail .  the couple 's cab driver told authorities of the alleged murder plot .  south african authorities want dewani extradite .
 the war wounds that ca n't be seen <sec> taryn davis was named one of the top 10 cnn heroes of 2011 .  her nonprofit provides a network of support to young military widows .  davis : this recognition will help more widows know they are not alon .
 morocco 's hidden travel gem <sec> until a decade ago , running water and electricity were nearly unheard of around the atlas mountains .  tourists are drawn by the remoteness of the mountain village .
 why does warren buffett still have a 'secretary ' ? <sec> term `` secretary '' faded in an effort to distance profession from smutty stigma .  as secretaries ' duties expanded , many felt the title no longer fit the role .  debbie bosanek , buffett 's longtime secretary , has never publicly questioned the title .  many executive assistants and administrative support staff say the title is meaningles .
 turbulence injures passengers , crew as flight approaches miami <sec> about 12 people were injured , authorities say .  the turbulence occurred as the aruba-to-miami flight was landing .  three people were taken to a hospital , an american airlines spokesman say .
 roger federer says 'no ' to on-court coaches <sec> roger federer wins at indian wells and hits out against on-court coaching .  federer : `` if it does happen , it 's hopefully after i 'm done playing '' .  italy 's flavia pennetta and china 's li na set up wta semifinal .  america 's bryan twins in doubles final , where they could meet federer and wawrink .
 punk rock icon tommy ramone dies <sec> the ramones are credited with kicking off the punk rock movement .  their music is fast , loud and cynical , but with an upbeat tune .  they were joined in the new music style by the likes of the sex pistols and the clash .  tommy ramone was the last living member of the original ban .
 gunmen kill 11 at base camp in pakistan <sec> 10 tourists and a pakistani guide are killed , police say .  the victims were attacked at the base of nanga parbat .  spokesman for tehreek-e-taliban pakistan says affiliated group carried out the attac .
 one-man priest , nurse and lawyer helps free ohio man from death row . <sec> neil kookoothe -- a priest , nurse and lawyer -- finds evidence in ohio death row case .  joe d'ambrosio sat on death row for years before evidence overturned his conviction .  case poses big questions about requiring prosecutors to share evidenc .
 the victims of the illegal wildlife trade <sec> a polish airport has an exhibit showing some of the illegal animal goods it has seized .  photographer adam lach recently took photos to document the problem .  he hopes to sensitize people and make them aware they 're part of the proble .
 obama to announce afghanistan troop strategy tuesday <sec> obama to explain why u.s. is in afghanistan , its interests there and how he made decision .  official : papers seeking orders to deploy 1,000 marines next month are expected thursday .  nato allies will also be asked to send more troops , officials say .  obama met with national security team monday night to discuss afghanista .
 the best places to ski and snowboard on earth ? <sec> ski legends choose their favorite resorts from around the world .  tommy moe entered record books as olympic downhill champion in 1994 .  chris klug only transplant recipient to win an olympic medal .  other contributors include u.s. star jonny mosele .
 the woman saving uganda 's lost and abandoned children <sec> gladys kalibala is a journalist writing a newspaper column for uganda 's forgotten kids .  after facing a trying childhood herself , she highlights the many orphaned children in uganda .  kalibala has become a de facto mother , often checking report cards and paying school fees .  she says : `` they call me `` mother '' ... .  i do n't want to abandon them . .
 tottenham fans attacked in france <sec> tottenham hotspur fans attacked outside a pub in the french city of lyon .  three people sustained minor injuries .  tottenham fans in the french city for a europa league tie with olympique lyonnais .  local police in france were unavailable for comment when contacted by cn .
 enduring le mans : motorsport 's 24-hour techno party <sec> le mans 24-hour race is an endurance test for fans , as well as drivers .  classic race first staged in 1923 and regarded as one of motorsport 's blue riband events .  finishing teams complete the equivalent of 16 formula one races .  audi 's victory on sunday was the manufacturer 's 11th le mans win in 12 years .
 oscar pistorius : is the 'blade runner 's ' career finished ? <sec> oscar pistorius sentenced to five years for shooting girlfriend reeva steenkamp .  ipc ban pistorious from competition for five years .  marketing expert says this is the end for pistorius bran .
 china to close smelting plants in lead-poisoning cases <sec> a pair of plants suspected of sickening thousands of children is closed . .  at least 851 children in shaanxi province found to have lead poisoning . .  in hunan province , 1300 children near another plant were poisoned .
 colombian president to meet with indian protest leaders <sec> president alvaro uribe ready for `` constructive '' dialogue , government says .  indians demonstrating for greater land rights , protesting free-market capitalism .  at least four protesters have been killed and 130 wounded , indian leaders say .  authorities say protesters hurling rocks , molotov cocktails at security force .
 experts weigh preteen suspect 's age in new mexico school shooting <sec> experts express concern about how shootings now occur in middle schools , too .  middle-school youths are often impulsive and ca n't think of consequences , expert says .  `` a 12-year-old is barely past the age of believing in santa claus , '' another expert says .  by law , 12-year-old suspect in school shooting will be charged as juvenile , analyst say .
 judge enters not guilty plea for accused theater shooter <sec> new : james holmes and attorneys say he is not ready to enter plea .  new : judge enters a standard not guilty plea for holmes .  new : ruling to move forward elicits emotional response in courtroom .  the suspect 's attorneys had filed court documents about insanity defense .
 bill to withhold newtown photos , records gets strong ok in connecticut <sec> the bill would prevent release of any graphic visuals of slain individuals .  the original bill was designed specifically to protect families of the newtown shooting victims .  the final draft was expanded to include all homicide victims in connecticut .  20 children and 6 educators died in the december shooting at sandy hook elementar .
 'wind shear ' suspected in laos crash that killed 49 <sec> new : five bodies recovered from lao airlines crash , 44 still missing .  flight was headed from vientiane to pakse , laos , thai official says .  remnants of typhoon nari have been hitting the area .  the plane was preparing to land amid heavy gusts of wind and rai .
 nurse kaci hickox : 'the fight is not over ' <sec> hickox recently returned to the united states after treating ebola patients .  she defied a quarantine in a tense standoff with authorities .  `` we really need evidence-based policies , '' not `` knee-jerk reactions , '' hickox tells cn .
 floodwaters breach sandbags in iowa college town <sec> about 500-600 homes evacuated in iowa city on sunday .  some 36,000 iowans , most in cedar rapids , have been evacuated .  agricultural damage estimated at $ 1 billion or mor .
 u.s. soccer officials cancel egypt trip <sec> the u.s. team had been scheduled to play egypt in cairo on february 9 .  but the u.s. soccer federation decides against traveling due to unrest there .  bob bradley 's team will host argentina and paraguay in friendly matches in march .  u.s. will stage 12-nation concacaf gold cup tournament in jun .
 new york anti-fracking group draws celebrity support <sec> sean lennon among artists against fracking in new york .  gov . .  andrew cuomo is expected to take up the decision on whether to allow fracking .  fracking involves pumping water , chemicals into shale formations to release natural ga .
 planes , boats search for 67 missing haitians <sec> new : 15 confirmed dead after boat capsizes ; as many as 67 missing .  boat with about 200 haitians capsized monday near turks and caicos islands .  coast guard intercepted another boat overloaded with haitians late last wee .
 water pollution : dawn of the 'dead zones ' <sec> agricultural pollution has a caused a 'dead zone ' in the gulf of mexico .  globally the number of dead zones has doubled every decade since the 1960 's .  the drive to increase biofuel production could increase pollution in rivers and seas .  pesticide use rose 1000 percent in the philippines between 1961 and 200 .
 retired l.a. detective found guilty in 1986 murder of romantic rival <sec> police feel `` betrayal '' for officer committing `` such a terrible crime , '' chief says .  retired detective stephanie ilene lazarus , 51 , will appeal murder conviction .  lazarus is convicting of beating , biting and shooting to death sherri rasmussen .  rasmussen , then 29 , was the bride of lazarus ' college sweethear .
 two years later , dsk still smarting over 'perp walk ' <sec> `` i think it 's a terrible thing , frankly , '' the former imf chief tells cnn .  `` perp walks '' are standard fare in the united states .  they are not allowed in franc .
 top 10 movie car chase scenes <sec> in most car-chase movies , the real star is the car , author says .  the chase in `` the french connection '' features a 1971 pontiac lemans .  more than 300 stunt drivers were employed for the 1998 `` ronin '' film .  `` bullitt '' is perennially voted one of the best car movies of all tim .
 queen opens new $ 8.6b airport terminal <sec> queen elizabeth opens heathrow airport 's $ 8.6 billion new terminal 5 .  the new building took more than 15 years to complete following protests .  launch a day after security scare at one of world 's busiest international airports .  a lone man ran onto a heathrow runway carrying a backpack on thursda .
 key moments in the manhunt for james dimaggio <sec> on saturday,16-year-old hannah anderson was found and is safe , authorities say .  her alleged captor , james dimaggio , is dead , police say .  the teen 's brother and mother were killed in a fire at their family hom .
 meet mayam mahmoud , the veiled rapper standing up for women in egypt <sec> mayam mahmoud is an egyptian rapper who rose to fame after appearing on `` arabs got talent '' .  she refuses to accept that women in egypt must be subservient to men .  last week she won the index freedom of expression award for her work for women 's right .
 twitter adds permanent https setting <sec> twitter has been working to improve security for the site .  https allows encrypted communication between networks and users .  users can activate https permanently by going to their setting .
 yemen 's president confers with party officials amid pressure to depart <sec> saleh met with party officials in saudi arabia , where he was treated for wounds .  the president is under `` immense pressure '' to accept transition , a party official said .  saleh is amenable to working on a `` peaceful and smooth '' transfer , news agency sai .
 social media campaign wants to remind you : it 's colombia , not columbia <sec> group of colombians have started a campaign to clear up a spelling confusion .  lighthearted campaign has gained plenty of followers .  but the goal of the campaign is to share colombia 's successes with the worl .
 man jailed in actor jeremy london 's kidnapping <sec> police : jeremy london said his kidnappers had helped him fix a flat tire .  armed men forced actor to buy alcohol and `` use illegal drugs , '' police said .  he escaped and called police , who found his vehicle in a residential area .  a 26-year-old palm springs , california , man was arrested later that da .
 john kerry : the fight against isis is 'going to go on ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> kerry : airstrikes may have prevented fall of baghdad .  secretary of state john kerry echoes the president , saying defeating isis will take time .  kerry could not confirm that a leader in the khorasan group was killed .  kerry and obama are in new york for the united nations general assembly meetin .
 obama 's message of tough love <sec> juliette kayyem : obama pointed out roles of self-reliance and government in crisis .  kayyem : success in dealing with emergency is measured in what we do after .  we need to improve our ability to get the power restored , transportation running , she says .  kayyem : we need commitment from private sector , creative efforts to improve infrastructur .
 why pakistan plays a double game <sec> pakistan acted as u.s. spearhead against soviet union when it invaded afghanistan .  fawaz gerges says the u.s. lost interest , leaving pakistan to pick up pieces in afghanistan .  he says pakistan relied on afghan taliban to impose order on afghanistan .  he says pakistan sees its interest tied to taliban and need to counter influence of indi .
 only iran can save iraq <sec> iraq is facing a sectarian crisis with shia , sunni and kurd factions .  mohammed ayoob : iran has the most influence over iraq 's government .  he says it 's strongly in iran 's interest to keep iraq as a single nation .  ayoob : the next several weeks could determine the fate of ira .
 10 bizarre places for cremation ashes <sec> people have chosen some strange place for their cremated remains to go .  marvel comics editor mark gruenwald 's ashes went into ink used in squadron supreme .  grieving parents had some of son 's ashes used in tattoo ink on the father .  lsd advocate leary , star trek creator gene roddenberry 's ashes went into spac .
 the problem with 'thug ' cuisine <sec> bryant terry , an author and food advocate , was initially intrigued by thug kitchen .  the site , which promotes healthy eating , uses vulgar stereotypes to promote its message .  the creators turned out to be a white couple .  terry argues against the misrepresentation of african-american food habit .
 ntsb investigating near-collision off hawaii <sec> two boeing 757s nearly collided off hawaii on april 25 .  united airlines flight 1205 had to descend rapidly to avoid a collision .  a passenger on the united flight wrote a blog about the incident .  commercial airline pilot says the collision avoidance systems worked as designe .
 gop senators ready to vote against 'do n't ask , do n't tell , ' aides say <sec> new : senators withdraw their requirement that spending bill pass first .  current law will remain for at least 60 days if bill passes .  the house of representatives voted wednesday to overturn the ba .
 india 's hotel palaces : residences fit for a king <sec> some of india 's most spectacular royal palaces are opening up their facilities to paying tourists .  the practice provides an authentic way for travelers to experience india 's rich cultural heritage .  it also ensures the upkeep of some of the country 's most spectacular historical building .
 al-assad , annan talk candidly in damascus amid fresh violence <sec> at least 63 people , perhaps as many as 98 , were killed saturday .  annan proposed a ceasefire , release of detainees and aid delivery .  an activist reports heavy shelling of idlib , in the vein of homs .  if the talks fail , 'we will head toward the abyss , ' says one dissiden .
 49 headless bodies -- just another crime in mexico drug war ? <sec> people in town near massacre seemed numb , detached from violence , journalist says .  ioan grillo : there has been little emotional reaction to weekend massacre of 49 people .  crime likely wo n't mean a turning point in mexico 's drug war , reporter suspect .
 karzai welcomes uk troop withdrawal plan <sec> president hamid karzai says afghan forces are ready to protect their country .  he welcomes a decision by britain to pull out nearly 4,000 troops next year .  david cameron said uk troop numbers would fall to about 5,200 by the end of 2013 .  u.s. troops make up the bulk of nato-led forces in afghanista .
 athletes , like rams , finally speaking up ? ( opinion ) <sec> roxanne jones : rams ' protest over ferguson is a sign sports figures are finding their voices .  she says recently they 've been silent , but history has many examples of athletes ' protests .  jones says that muhammad ali , billie jean king , arthur ashe all spoke against injustice .  jones : athletes now weigh in on trayvon martin and other issues , and it 's about tim .
 waterboarding is n't torture ? try it <sec> three gop presidential candidates say waterboarding is not a form of torture .  so which is it : illicit torture or an acceptable interrogation practice ? .  asks loran nordgren .  nordgren : people who do n't experience something ca n't estimate just how painful it is .  people who volunteer to experience waterboarding see it as torture , nordgren say .
 u.s. official : isis 'credible alternative to al qaeda ' <sec> the islamic state , also known as isis , is expanding its presence , official said .  fighters loyal to isis could number more than 10,000 with some returning home countries .  law enforcement is watching a small number of americans for possible affiliation .  the u.s. is watching to see if isis loses support from other sunni .
 texas bans tire-puncture devices used by drug runners <sec> u.s. border patrol requested the new law .  simple devices known to be highly effective .  legislator who introduced measure admits it wo n't stop drug runner .
 miles o'brien : back on a bike after i lost my arm <sec> earlier this year , miles o'brien 's left arm was amputated after an accident .  o'brien plans to ride his bike 300 miles from port huron to mackinac , michigan .  o'brien says his struggle `` pales by comparison '' to cance .
 dole challenger irate over suggestion she is 'godless ' <sec> hagan calls ad suggesting she is `` godless '' an `` attack on my christian faith '' .  ad says hagan took money from godless americans political action committee .  hagan files application seeking permission to file complaint within 20 days over ad .  dole lawyers say ad is `` 100 percent factually accurate .
 sports magnate john w. henry buys boston globe from new york times <sec> new york times paid $ 1.1 billion for boston globe in 1993 , sells for $ 70 million .  buyer john w. henry owns baseball 's boston red sox and the liverpool soccer team .  sale price reflects newspapers ' advertising and reader losse .
 indonesia votes as new candidate draws obama comparisons <sec> indonesians will vote on its lawmakers wednesday , an election seen as a bellwether for july 's presidential poll .  jakarta governor has jumped into national spotlight as presidential contender .  presidency to be decided july 9 , but political parties must fare well in legislative election to have a candidat .
 opinion : in iran , an actress faces prison <sec> iranian pegah ahangarani is actress and activist , as is iranian-born nazanin boniadi .  but boniadi has never been harassed for activism , while ahangarani is sentenced to jail .  boniadi : 845 people are political prisoners in iran , from all walks of life and careers .  boniadi : human rights in iran should be just as important as nuclear issue .
 children in mexico : criminals or victims ? <sec> the past year has seen numerous headlines of children being arrested in mexico .  at least 30,000 of them are involved in organized crime , says a nationwide group .  the group says these children should be treated as abuse victims , not criminals .  it is urging the government to rehabilitate the children and protect the .
 baltimore tv station returns to air after man crashes truck into lobby <sec> new : wmar returns to the airwaves with help from phoenix sister station .  new : police catch suspect and allow station staff to return to the property .  a baltimore tv station is evacuated after a man crashes a truck into the lobby .  wmar reporters share the news on twitter ; other stations cover the event liv .
