 boehner : contempt vote on holder will proceed - cnnpolitics.com <sec> `` we 're going to proceed , '' speaker boehner says .  the house rules committee sets the procedure for thursday 's debate .  the house is scheduled to vote on holding attorney general holder in contempt .  at issue is whether holder complied with a subpoena from congressional investigator .
 do n't let drones invade our privacy <sec> sen. rand paul says surveillance drones in the u.s. could track everyday activity .  he says it 's a violation of the constitution to spy with drones without approval by a judge .  rand paul says police should be able to get approval for limited use of drones .  he says legislation is need to reaffirm the rules set out in the constitutio .
 two hostages , gunman dead in sydney siege <sec> the hostages who died are identified as katrina dawson and tori johnson .  all of those injured are described by police in stable condition .  `` it will take time to clarify exactly what happened ... and why , '' pm says .  the gunman 's social media postings reflect a radical sunni extremist theolog .
 bravo to sheryl sandberg for leaving work at 5:30 <sec> facebook coo sheryl sandberg says she leaves work at 5:30 p.m. to spend time with kids .  her announcement helps destigmatize flexible work practices , pamela stone says .  flexibility increases productivity , commitment and morale in the workplace , she says .  stone : for women , the costs of workplace inflexibility are up close and persona .
 remains id 'd as missing virginia police captain <sec> police identified the remains of a missing reserve police officer .  five people have been charged in the case .  authorities have not said how , when or why kevin quick die .
 guardsmen sue kbr over chemical exposure <sec> suit says guardsman , contractors exposed to cancer-causing chemical at iraq plant .  suit alleges kbr knew of contamination threat and did nothing to protect soldiers .  some guardsmen suffer from nasal tumors , respiratory problems .  kbr says it 's not to blame for creating unsafe conditions at plan .
 holy rollers : popemobiles from trucks to limos <sec> popes have used a string of mercedes-benz vehicles since 1930 .  when popes visit different countries , hosts submit details of proposed transport .  if it 's secure enough , it gets go-ahead . .  otherwise , vatican supplies own vehicle .  since 2007 pope uses bullet-proof , bomb-proof mercedes capable of 160mp .
 san diego mayor admits he needs 'help ' amid sexual harassment allegations <sec> a longtime backer of san diego mayor bob filner urges him to resign .  she says several women have outlined improper behavior by the mayor .  filner admits , `` i 'm clearly doing something wrong , '' but does n't resign .  he vows to personally apologize to current and former staffers , among other step .
 obama urges court to overturn california same-sex marriage ban <sec> obama administration files formal brief in same-sex marriage appeal .  brief says that gay and lesbian couples have equal protection right to wed .  but administration refuses to argue that right should be extended .  two same-sex marriage cases now before the supreme cour .
 thanksgiving day tv marathons to be thankful for <sec> there are plenty of tv marathons to be thankful for this year .  in step with bond 's 50th anniversary , there 's a james bond movie marathon .  tv fans can also catch marathons of crime shows , reality tv and sitcom .
 from the cutting room to the red carpet <sec> jay cassidy is in the running for best film editing oscar for `` american hustle '' .  for little-known film editors , award considered honor because nominations are from peers .  cassidy : there 's growing appreciation for the technical side of movie .
 talking pear becomes japan 's superstar mascot <sec> japanese pear mascot enjoys enduring popularity .  funassyi 's origins lie in his youtube channel .  funassyi 's ability to speak makes him an interactive and electrifying crowd favorit .
 two brown university frats sanctioned over parties <sec> brown university sanctions sigma chi phi and kappa psi for unregistered parties .  officials say parties facilitated sexual misconduct .  fraternities did not immediately respond to calls seeking commen .
 runs will go on for some in nyc ; many to pitch in with storm recovery <sec> beatriz craven will run 26.2 miles sunday to honor her mother .  other runners plan to gather in central park after marathon 's cancellation .  the recovery effort continues across wide sections of new york and new jerse .
 lawyer : qatari poet to appeal life sentence <sec> muhammed ibn al-dheeb al-ajami was jailed in november 2011 .  his `` jasmine poem '' was critical of persian gulf governments .  he was arrested over a passage critical of sheikh hamad bin khalifa al-thani .  amnesty international official calls the case `` deplorable .
 human stem cell cloning : 'holy grail ' or techno-fantasy ? <sec> scientists in oregon say they 've successfully cloned human stem cells for first time .  advocates of human stem cell cloning say the development will save lives .  king says there is little scientific substance to the purported benefits of therapeutic cloning .  king : scientists are irresponsible to publish research before global ban on clonin .
 uk ministers consider offering communities fracking sweeteners <sec> ministers prepare to announce uk 's shale-gas reserves are much larger than previously estimated .  britain 's only fracking operation was suspended after two minor earthquakes in 2011 .  fracking is extraction of gas and oil by pumping water at high pressure into shale roc .
 'the spirit of space ' in october <sec> `` the spirit of '' heads for the stars in october .  we pick space genius , stephen hawking 's brains about the universe .  plus , an interview with father and son astronauts , owen and richard garriott .  and , space tourism through the eyes of hawking and actress victoria principa .
 how next pope must tackle child sex abuse <sec> jeff anderson : pope benedict xvi 's departure is an opportunity for real reform of child abuse .  next pope must stop culture of secrecy , he says ; make names , documents public .  vatican protocol and law must change and abuse reported to police , he says .  anderson : real change will come only with transformation from the to .
 opinion : india 's voters wo n't get fooled again <sec> a commercial shows india voter catching a politician recycling old , unfulfilled promises .  ravi agrawal : the power of mobile technology is helping shape india 's elections .  he says other key trends include the new prominence of rural areas and of young voters .  agrawal : it 's a mistake to try to predict the outcome based on these trend .
 eye on south korea <sec> cnn 's `` eye on south korea '' programming focuses on east asian nation .  issues covered range from business to lifestyle topics .  south korean first lady provides personal look at nation 's cuisin .
 congress dodges isis bill on its way out of town <sec> congress leaves d.c. to campaign full-time , with no vote yet on isis .  republicans democrats for not vote , democrats blame republicans .  some members of congress are openly appalled that their colleagues left tow .
 spying on muslims is legal ? <sec> a federal judge dismissed a suit challenging broad nypd surveillance of muslims .  arjun sethi says the ruling breaches privacy , sustains fear among many muslims .  he says the judge erred in blaming journalists rather than police for the harm caused .  sethi : the targeting of muslims will be seen as a tragic infringement of civil libertie .
 sweden terror suspects accused of plotting murder <sec> new : a lawyer for one of the men says he denies the charges .  the prosecution asks a judge to extend the detention of four men seized saturday .  three are from somalia and one is from iraq .  they are accused of plotting an attack in sweden 's second largest cit .
 note threatens ole miss greenery ahead of game with rival mississippi state <sec> fbi looks into handwritten note threatening trees and shrubs in ole miss ' grove .  `` fans are being encouraged to report any suspicious behavior , '' official says .  extra law enforcement resources added around stadium ahead of the `` egg bowl '' .  university of mississippi faces off against rival mississippi stat .
 north korea holds live-fire drills in sight of south korean island <sec> video shows the drills near the disputed maritime border with south korea .  the north has stepped up its rhetoric against south korean president lee .  `` we will turn seoul into a sea of flames , '' a military deputy commander say .
 killings in tiny japanese village prompt hunt for 'serial killer ' <sec> five bodies discovered in remote village in western japan ; their house burned down .  a note , in the form of a poem , was found in the home of man police are hunting .  hundreds of police searching for 63-year-old man who lived next to victim .
 good samaritan drowns trying to save teen in san pedro , calif . <sec> a good samaritan drowns trying to save a teen and a man swept into ocean near los angeles .  the 36-year-old victim was one of several people who tried to help .  the victim had no pulse and was not breathing when divers pulled him from wate .
 arkansas bus crash kills three , injures 40 <sec> bus driver , tractor-trailer trucker injured in 3-vehicle crash , ap reports .  bus crossed median , hit pickup truck , then 18-wheeler , killing 3 .  all lanes of i-40 closed for 13 miles east of forrest city , arkansas .  driver of the pickup truck and two bus passengers killed , police sa .
 blood clot in lung hospitalizes placido domingo <sec> `` maestro domingo is expected to make a full recovery , '' his publicist says .  his doctor ordered the famed tenor to rest for three or four week .
 sharapova takes on australian boys <sec> maria sharapova says she is fit for the start of the australian open next week .  world no . .  2 trains against australian boys after pulling out of brisbane tournament .  she will be one of the favorites in melbourne with serena williams and victoria azarenka .  australian men 's hopes bernard tomic and lleyton hewitt win warmup event .
 why no black female court nominee ? <sec> martin : twice obama has n't seriously considered an african-american woman for high court .  this has ticked off a number of leaders martin has talked with .  martin : distance growing between obama and many of his presumed natural allies .  some leaders may not help democratic house , senate candidates , says marti .
 top syrian officials hit with sanctions <sec> new : syrian official thinks `` the most dangerous moment '' has passed .  new : 2,684 `` rioters '' surrendered and were released , state-run media says .  13 top officials ' assets are frozen , and they 're subject to a travel and arms ban .  the european union accuses the officials of `` violence against demonstrators .
 the $ 6 million man-made floating island <sec> `` orsos island '' offers 1,000 square meters of luxurious living space over three levels .  it costs 5.2 million euros or $ 6.5 million and can be tailored to suit your needs .  the `` island '' is 20 meters wide and 37 meters long and sleeps 12 people plus crew .  it is fully self-sufficient and is covered in 160 square meters of solar panel .
 security cameras capture group kicking , punching man in d.c. suburb <sec> resident installed security cameras in his yard after his car was broken into .  the virginia homeowner said he was awakened by a party .  footage from cameras captured group of people kicking and punching a man .  victim walked off on his own ; police have made no arrest .
 'brady bunch 's ' florence henderson fights for moms <sec> florence henderson touring with one-woman show .  henderson most famous as mom on `` the brady bunch '' .  show has kept her in public eye , made her symbol for mother .
 a bloody start to the year for philadelphia <sec> this january , there were 34 homicides in philadelphia .  in past years , it had the highest homicide rate of all big u.s. cities .  victims ' advocate says many crimes committed in `` broad daylight '' .  philly mayor has warned criminals , `` we will track you down like the dog that you are .
 opinion : gun control is not a cultural battle <sec> on the eve of newtown massacre anniversary , there 's a school shooting in colorado .  daniel webster : lax gun laws allow dangerous people easy access to guns .  he says we must stop treating this as a cultural battle ; it is a public safety problem .  webster : even gun owners and nra members support background check .
 n. korea threatens to 'strike south korea mercilessly ' <sec> north korea 's fax to south korea : will `` strike mercilessly without notice '' .  protests in seoul were held over kim jong il 's second anniversary of death .  north korea routinely threatens to strike after what it calls `` provocations .
 shades of greatness : duval dreams of british open renaissance <sec> former world no . .  1 david duval will return to the scene of his only major triumph .  american won the 2001 british open at royal lytham & st. annes in england .  it was his last victory on one of the major golf circuits before a career slump .  the 40-year-old has been battling injury problems ever since that wi .
 sheriff 's office : las vegas couple saw police as oppressors <sec> `` i should have called the cops , '' says a woman who knew the couple .  the citizen victim was carrying a weapon , said he was going to confront the suspects .  couple in shootings put a `` do n't tread on me '' flag and swastika on one officer 's body .  jerad miller and his wife also left note saying `` this is the beginning of the revolution .
 analysis : murdoch empire - and journalism - on the line <sec> rupert murdoch expected friday to meet with employees of the sun newspaper .  five sun employees were arrested saturday on allegations of bribery .  law prevents u.s. firms like news corp to bribe officials in foreign governments .  wolff : pressure growing inside new corp to shed its uk newspaper busines .
 a confident rick perry hits the road after indictment - cnnpolitics.com <sec> rick perry wo n't be in court friday for his indictment .  the texas governor will pursue his aggressive travel schedule .  he 's heading to new hampshire and south carolina this month .  he 's not ruling out a second run for president in 201 .
 some irked by facebook 's new pages for couples <sec> facebook rolls new new friendship and relationship pages .  go to the url facebook.com/us to see your relationship with a significant other .  it 's impossible to delete the pages , facebook says , but you can change the content .  facebook : `` the friendship page respects the privacy setting of each post .
 tracy martin : turn negative energy over son 's death into a positive <sec> trayvon martin 's father speaks at a capitol hill event run by members of congress .  tracy martin says he wo n't `` give up my fight for '' his son , who he says was `` demonized '' .  the father says his family wants `` to help other families from going through '' what they di .
 fear , anxiety mount as uncontained wildfires sizzle in colorado <sec> new : one of the highest bridges in world still standing , park spokeswoman says .  evacuation orders issued for about 9,000 people over 55 square miles .  `` my family is scared and trying to remain calm , '' a colorado mother says .  the royal gorge fire southwest of colorado springs also is n't containe .
 u.s. military helps repel suicide bombing attack , official says <sec> sunday 's attack comes days after the united states ended combat operations in iraq .  the military says 12 were killed and 36 were injured in the attack on a baghdad base .  the interior ministry reported 8 dead and 21 wounded .  the base is the site of an august attack that killed 48 peopl .
 at chinese factory run by bain subsidiary , workers favor economics over politics <sec> sensata , a subsidiary of mitt romney 's former company bain capital , has a factory in china .  the group is shifting jobs from the united states to the chinese plant .  workers there say this is simple economics at work .  one of the employees says he does n't know who romney i .
 lawyer questions police version of raid that killed girl <sec> attorney for family of girl killed in police raid says he has video footage of raid .  crew from a & e network was filming for `` the first 48 , '' lawyer says .  7-year-old aiyana stanley jones died from bullet wound during the raid .  police say officer 's weapon fired after an encounter with an adult in the hous .
 'i 'm showing my respect ' <sec> instagram users posted tributes to soldier killed in brutal london attack .  several serving members of armed forces among those honoring dead man .  `` i wanted to show my support '' says one user of the photo-sharing websit .
 wikileaks : amid bad news from mexico , some successes <sec> diplomatic cables spell out successes against mexican cartels .  americans praise actions of mexican naval units .  cables detail operation against arturo beltran leyv .
 is germany playing beggar-my-neighbor with the eurozone ? <sec> many in struggling countries across the eurozone envy germany 's strong economy .  economist waltraud schelkle says the `` german model '' is not as perfect as it may appear .  schelkle : germany 's beggar-my-neighbor policies also hurt the country 's own people .  germany has the highest share of low wage workers in western europ .
 employee relieves himself in san francisco reservoir <sec> water manager was caught last month urinating in a san francisco reservoir .  water utility says there is no public health risk ; employee will be discipline .
 jury struggles in etan patz murder trial <sec> etan patz disappeared in 1979 ; his face appeared on milk cartons all across the united states .  his case marked a time of heightened awareness of crimes against children .  pedro hernandez confessed three years ago to the killin .
 15 killed in clashes between protesters , security forces in syria <sec> new : u.s. state department `` deeply troubled '' by civilian deaths .  witnesses , rights activist say 15 people die in clashes in daraa .  president al-assad fires the head of government in daraa , where protests are occurring .  the death toll in daraa in unrest since last week rises to 21 , groups sa .
 fbi confirms letters to obama , others contained ricin <sec> new : man charged `` vehemently denies the allegations against him , '' his lawyer says .  no illness reported from the letters yet , the fbi says .  suspect paul kevin curtis is charged with sending threats .  envelopes were addressed to president obama , a judge , sen. roger wicke .
 nadal and murray crash out at queen 's club <sec> world number one rafael nadal beaten in quarterfinals of queen 's club tournament .  nadal loses in straight sets to fellow spaniard feliciano lopez .  defending champion andy murray goes out in third round defeat to mardy fish .  new : roger federer reaches semifinals of gerry weber open in german .
 japanese officials will test food , seawater to determine health risks <sec> high levels of radioactive substances have been found in seawater .  the impact on marine life is unclear , and tests are expected to continue .  tests also reveal radiation in milk and spinach .  japan 's chief cabinet secretary urges consumers `` not to panic .
 roz savage : rowing oceans for a better world <sec> british woman swapped career for adventurous life and raising eco awareness .  rowed solo across atlantic ; now attempting same feat across the pacific ocean .  her positive message has been inspirational to many across the world .  `` i do n't see myself as a hero , just a human being trying to be the best she can be .
 alleged kansas jewish center gunman charged with murder <sec> new : `` yeah , that sounds like something he would do , '' mayor says after learning of killings .  frazier glenn cross is charged with capital murder and premeditated murder .  no decision on whether to seek the death penalty for cross has been made yet , official says .  cross is accused of killing three people at two jewish-affiliated facilitie .
 somali president calls for help in battling islamist militias <sec> president sheikh sharif sheikh ahmed speaking at a conference in mogadishu .  ahmed fears foreign fighters will turn somalia into another iraq or afghanistan .  fighting in past two days kills more than 40 civilians .  u.s. says al-shabab militants are affiliated with al qaeda networ .
 docs say insurers dropping them in hopes their costly patients follow <sec> ohio doctor is one of many being dropped by insurance companies , ama says .  medicare cuts in obamacare are changing provider networks , industry spokesman says .  ohio couple opted for a more expensive insurance plan to keep their docto .
 justin bieber writes song about false paternity claims <sec> justin bieber said he has written a song about mariah yeater for his upcoming album .  last november , yeater claimed that bieber was the father of her then-three month old baby boy .  in london , bieber also said he 'd recorded 40 songs for the recor .
 the politics of 'torture ' heating up in washington <sec> president obama recently released cia documents on `` enhanced interrogations '' .  new report shows that top bush officials signed off on the controversial methods .  democrats are calling for investigations into bush officials .  republicans insist that democrats in congress knew what was happenin .
