 pakistan : villagers take on taliban , 14 militants killed <sec> upper dir , part of swat valley , is where pakistan army are fighting taliban militants .  u.n. says an estimated 2 million pakistanis have been displaced by fighting .  backlash follows suspected taliban suicide attack friday at a mosque .  official : both sides using heavy weapons , including anti-aircraft weapon .
 mom forced to live in car with dogs <sec> mother of three grown children says , `` this is my life in this car right now '' .  santa barbara , california , allows homeless to sleep in cars in 12 parking lots .  affluent city has seen a rise in homelessness during california 's housing crisis .  advocate : `` it 's just amazing the people that are becoming homeless .
 time marches on for iconic big ben <sec> london 's big ben turns 150 years old on sunday .  last year , victorian masterpiece was voted britain 's favorite monument .  no one is quite sure where the clock 's moniker came fro .
 pioneering journalist helen thomas dead at 92 <sec> new : thomas covered white house with `` intensity and tenacity , '' clintons say .  thomas will be buried in detroit .  she was a trailblazer on the white house press corps .  her retirement in 2010 came amid controvers .
 ariel castro 's victims silent , lawyer says suicide not 'happy ending ' <sec> prosecutor : castro could n't take what he dished out for a decade .  castro 's attorney says more protection should have been provided .  the three women he kidnapped did not make a statemen .
 what 's next for officer darren wilson ? <sec> darren wilson resigned from the ferguson police department on saturday .  it 's not clear whether wilson will continue being an officer somewhere else , but experts doubt it .  `` it would be senseless for him to go back to ferguson , '' lawyer and analyst o'mara said .  the grand jury had considered charges ranging from manslaughter to murde .
 warrant issued for lindsay lohan <sec> los angeles judge issues arrest warrant for troubled actress .  cause uncertain but related to dui convictions , police sergeant says .  lohan known for disney movies and hard partyin .
 dying teen covers katy perry 's 'roar ' <sec> olivia wise , 16 , has an inoperable brain tumor .  she recently recorded katy perry 's `` roar '' .  perry responded , telling wise , `` i love you . .  a lot of people love you .
 pirates , wars : hurdles for flight phobia boy <sec> joe thompson , 11 , struck by sudden fear of flying on journey from united arab emirates to uk .  family moving home , thompson due to start at new school in britain in weeks .  hypnotherapy , psychiatric consultations and sedation have failed to solve problem .  youngster and his father now face lengthy overland and sea trip across middle east , europ .
 david arquette to guest on 'cougar town ' <sec> david arquette is set to guest star on `` cougar town 's '' season 3 finale .  bobby ( brian van holt ) finds a girlfriend in `` scrubs ' '' sarah chalke .  jules and grayson go to marriage counseling , a storyline inspired by courteney co .
 sweet eid : breaking the fast with world 's tastiest treats <sec> british chef aktar islam shares his best eid food memories .  his mum 's home cooked bangladeshi treats still influence his cooking .  some of his favorite eid dishes are shir khurma , yakhni pulaos , samosas and kebab .
 defense pleads leniency for chinese police chief at center of scandal <sec> new : trial ends for former chongqing police chief wang lijun .  in february he fled to the u.s. consulate , triggering political crisis .  wang faces four charges including defection and bribe-taking .  he was considered right-hand man of now disgraced politician bo xila .
 wizards player calls gun incident 'a mistake ' <sec> new york post : washington wizards teammates drew guns on each other .  gilbert arenas , javaris crittenton argued over gambling debt , paper says .  authorities say they are investigating incident but gave no detail .
 most see bush presidency as a failure , poll shows <sec> 68 percent of people questioned in poll say george w. bush presidency was a failure .  31 percent call bush presidency a success , cnn/opinion research poll shows .  44 percent say bush faults led to failure ; 22 percent blame outside circumstances .  half of those polled say u.s. would be better off if al gore had won in 200 .
 new york enjoys world cup fan fervor <sec> fans tense as game goes into 90th minute 0-0 .  a minute later , team usa scores ; pandemonium ensues .  usa jersey price went up $ 10 when us scored .  us team faces ghana on saturda .
 stop-and-frisk ruling draws appeal by new york city <sec> a federal judge ruled the nypd 's stop-and-frisk searches violate the rights of minorities .  `` we think the judge could not be more wrong , '' mayor michael bloomberg says .  the city intends to follow up its appeal by asking for a stay of judge 's order , an official say .
 rosario dawson wants you to register <sec> rosario dawson : today is national voter registration day , making it easy to register .  dawson : voters on november 5 will have many crucial races and initiatives to decide .  so much is on the line , she says , we owe it to our communities to vote .  thousands of voter registration events are planned nationwid .
 nurse dies protecting patients in texas surgical center stabbing <sec> a nurse was killed trying to protect patients , hospital system ceo says .  one survivor remains in critical condition .  police say they have a suspect in custody , but do n't have a motive .  the attack happened at good shepherd ambulatory surgical center in longview , texa .
 three sentenced in synagogue bomb plot <sec> james cromitie , onta williams and david williams get minimum of 25 years .  they plotted to bomb two bronx synagogues and attack a military base in new york .  prosecutors had been pushing for life in prison for the three men .  a fourth defendant , laguerre payen , was not in courtroom pending evaluatio .
 study : traffic congestion is down nationwide , but at a cost <sec> honolulu drivers spent the most time in gridlock in 2011 , the inrix study found .  traffic congestion was down in 70 of the largest 100 u.s. cities .  weak employment and high fuel prices were contributing factors , researchers say .  most of the worst stretches of traffic congestion were in new york and l.a .
 how to get your favorite fruits in the winter <sec> fresh blueberries are pricey in winter and , if trucked in from afar , can go moldy fast .  frozen peaches are harvested at peak ripeness and quickly flash-frozen to lock in vitamins .  fresh or frozen , strawberries are a leading source of vitamin c .  researchers at florida state university have found that eating prunes can boost bone strengt .
 business executive 's guide to hong kong <sec> hong kong 's airport express gets you to the city center in 24 minutes .  the hike to lion rock peak offers stunning panoramas of kowloon and across to the island .  some of hong kong 's oldest buildings and colonial-era structures can be found in central and sheung wan district .
 why debate is crucial for obama , too <sec> david gergen : debate may represent romney 's last big chance to turn around the race .  he says the stakes are also sky-high for obama , even if he wins election .  obama needs a big victory to claim broad support for his plans for second term , gergen say .
 i 'll have another wins preakness in close finish <sec> `` he just keeps proving people wrong , '' says jockey mario gutierrez .  kentucky derby winner i 'll have another blows past bodemeister on the home stretch .  the horse is just one win away from the prestigious triple crown .  no horse has won the triple crown in 34 year .
 expert looks at 'confluence of circumstances ' in bagram crash <sec> `` it really is nauseating to look at , '' pilot says of plane crash video .  national air cargo `` will not speculate as to the cause of the accident '' .  military vehicles were `` properly loaded and secured , '' company say .
 'arrested development ' fans launch campaign to bring back steve holt <sec> an online campaign has started to bring back justin grant wade when `` arrested development '' returns .  wade played steve holt the letterman jacket wearer , and illegitimate son of gob bluth .  wade himself has even gotten in on the act , recording a video plea on savesteveholt.co .
 amal alamuddin : what we know about mrs. clooney <sec> amal alamuddin has been very private .  she is a respected international lawyer .  clooney had said he had no aspirations to remarr .
 women 's rights in afghanistan : is this an uprising ? <sec> an amnesty international report calls for attacks on women 's rights activists in afghanistan to be investigated .  the report examines the persecution of activists not only by the taliban and tribal warlords , but also by government officials .  some activists continue their work despite their lives being at ris .
 fast and furious : a 65,000-page document dump - cnnpolitics.com <sec> justice department turned over nearly 65,000 pages of documents on fast and furious .  that 's the botched atf operation that was to track illegal gun sales to mexican cartels .  republicans have been seeking these documents since 2011 .  rep. darrell issa , r-california , says he 's not satisfied with what 's been turned ove .
 u.s. official : spy plane flees russian jet , radar ; ends up over sweden <sec> u.s. military official tells cnn the incident occurred on july 18 .  rc-135 rivet joint was on electronic eavesdropping mission in international airspace .  russians began tracking with ground radar , and sent at least one fighter to intercept .  u.s. plane evaded encounter by flying into swedish airspace without permissio .
 colon cancer death rates falling faster in northeast than in south <sec> within a decade , highest rates could be found in the deep south and appalachia .  southerners more likely to be obese and to smoke -- both known risk factors .  colonoscopies can be prohibitively expensive if not covered by insuranc .
 cdc director tom frieden faces rising tide of criticism <sec> dr. tom frieden has found success nearly everywhere .  now some are questioning his leadership on the ebola crisis .  those who know him say he is confident and data-driven .  will the rising tide of criticism shift his views .
 world leaders mourn holbrooke 's death <sec> president obama calls holbrooke a true giant of u.s. foreign policy .  albright praises his `` imagination , dedication and forcefulness '' .  holbrooke was known as the `` chief architect '' of the accords that ended the war in the balkans .  the diplomat ruffled feathers in a career that ranged from vietnam to afghanista .
 ancelotti - 'keep your mouth shut sepp ! ' <sec> real madrid manager says fifa president sepp blatter `` unable to keep mouth shut '' .  blatter suggested germany keeper manuel neuer should win the ballon d'or .  ancelotti says there is `` no doubt '' real madrid star cristiano ronaldo will win .  ronaldo broke scoring records as real won 10th champions league crow .
 japan 's 'zuckerberg ' leads new wave of entrepreneurs <sec> yoshikazu tanaka is billionaire founder of mobile games company , gree .  the company is valued at $ 7 billion ; personal wealth $ 2.2 billion .  tanaka hopes his company can change japanese society .  mobile gaming sector one of few areas experiencing growt .
 italy 's new churches stir debate <sec> despite expensive price tags and celebrity architects , italy 's new churches have their critics .  some say the buildings are too materialistic and lack a connection with the past .  others have praised the architects for building a new vision of the futur .
 kitsch is the magic ingredient in australian comedy <sec> `` hey , hey it 's esther blueburger '' is the latest comedy film to come out of australia .  like many successful australian comedies it relies on a high dose of kitsch .  films like `` strictly ballroom '' have subverted the macho aussie stereotype .  `` the adventures of priscilla , queen of the desert '' caused a storm on its releas .
 arrest warrant derails colombia-ecuador talks <sec> ecuadorian judge issues an arrest warrant for head of colombian armed forces .  colombian gen. freddy padilla cancels trip to ecuador for fear of arrest .  tensions between neighbors stem from farc rebels taking refuge in ecuado .
 cnn student news - october 3 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call . .  the weekly newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the new .
 cain accuser says candidate 's exit 'bittersweet ' <sec> cain has only himself to blame , sharon bialek says .  she says she has no sympathy for the former contender .  cain suspended his campaign saturday but denies any impropriet .
 in israel-hamas clash , iran casts a shadow <sec> frida ghitis : in the latest israel-hamas conflict , iran is a key player .  ghitis : iran 's nuclear program serves as powerful psychological backdrop .  she says israelis are worried since tehran has long armed israel 's enemies .  ghitis : the fighting has much larger geopolitical implications for the middle eas .
 tevez double gives city win over united <sec> carlos tevez scores twice against his former club as manchester city beat rivals united .  city take 2-1 lead into second leg of english league cup semifinal next week .  ryan giggs put united ahead in 17th minute but tevez leveled from penalty spot .  tevez , who left united at the end of last season , heads winner in the 65th minut .
 afghan governor targeted en route to funeral of karzai 's half-brother <sec> new : the president is in attendance as his brother is laid to rest .  the helmand governor is unhurt in the blast but 2 soldiers are hurt .  provincial council member says shooter was a trusted guard for ahmed wali karzai .  the taliban claim responsibility , saying the guard was working for the .
 cell phones promise fairer elections in africa <sec> election processes are being checked with the help of cell phones .  cell phones are more accessible to africans than the internet and telephones .  technology could help push more countries towards democratic models .  experts agree more than technology will still be required to see chang .
 kenya attack : why force not enough to stop al-shabaab <sec> terrorist group al-shabaab has attacked a kenyan college , killing and taking hostages .  it is a clear indicator the security situation in east africa is deteriorating , says stefan wolff .  more than military action aloe is needed to combat terrorism in the region , he say .
 former deputy accused of raping and abducting wife , killing mother <sec> former deputy charged with murder , rape and kidnapping .  idaho deputies arrrested him after discovering dead mother .  suspect was arraigned on charges wednesda .
 nico rosberg : 'mercedes definitely has n't peaked yet ' <sec> nico rosberg warns rivals mercedes have not peaked yet .  mercedes have won all four grands prix so far this season .  rosberg leads drivers ' title race .  spanish grand prix takes place in barcelona this weeken .
 messages for nelson mandela ; hope turns to resignation <sec> mood darkens in south africa as nelson mandela 's condition remains critical .  more messages are being pinned on a wall outside the hospital in pretoria .  media has gathered since announcement sunday that condition had worsened .  headlines in local newspapers suggest struggle may be coming to an en .
 werder coach schaaf signs new contract <sec> werder bremen coach thomas schaaf has signed a two-year contract extension .  the new contract ties the 48-year-old to the bundesliga club until 2012 .  werder are genuine contenders for the title , lying four points off leaders bayer leverkuse .
 opinion : the antibiotics that could kill you <sec> martin blaser : overprescription of antibiotics put americans at risk for disease .  he says we wipe out good , protective germs , bringing danger of `` antibiotic winter '' .  with lower resistance , plague inevitable in interconnected world , he says .  blaser : targeted antibiotics , less interference in natural process are key to cutting vulnerabilit .
 former sri lankan cabinet member ends 'fast unto death ' <sec> former cabinet member ends 'fast unto death ' .  ambulance rushes him to hospital .  protesters dislike u.n. panel looking into abuses during wa .
 baby ape takes flight -- monkey business class <sec> baby bonobo ape takes flight from uk to germany to start new life in frankfurt .  three-month-old was rejected by natural mother after falling ill following birth .  frankfurt zoo has an adult female bonobo trained to assist with rearing babies .  bili will spend 30 days in quarantine before meeting new famil .
 this week on marketplace middle east <sec> as energy ministers gather in vienna for opec meeting , mme looks at oil prices .  despite not having much oil wealth , bahrain plans to boost its production .  bahrain 's energy minister tells mme the output will double over the next five year .
 opinion : stop shipping oil by rail <sec> wayde schafer : many communities have rail lines running right through them .  schafer : north dakota crude oil loaded onto trains causes a tragedy in canada .  n.d. oil production rose by 10 times since 2011 , more and and heavier trains needed .  it 's too dangerous , he says . .  trains go through towns and were n't designed for oi .
 linkedin adds follow feature for 'influencers ' <sec> linkedin adds follow feature to allow users to follow key influencers on the site .  the 150 influencers include obama , romney as well as business leaders .  twitter-like feature comes after that site opted to no longer integrate with linkedi .
 5 games to watch from comic-con <sec> developers are offering hands-on opportunities at san diego comic-con .  sega is offering a public hands-on with the wii u and nintendo 3ds game `` sonic lost world '' .  warner bros. interactive is promoting its 2014 open-world combat game , `` mad max '' .  trey parker and matt stone are promoting a role-playing game , `` south park : the stick of truth .
 why candidates ' gaffe-a-thon is good for us <sec> dean obeidallah : candidates , campaigns have been making lots of gaffes lately .  he says candidates quickly backpedal from gaffes , but the public knows better .  he says these comments are less gaffes than accurate reads of a candidates viewpoints .  obeidallah : we should applaud gaffes as a chance to see who 's suited for the jo .
 yemeni president vows offensive against al qaeda <sec> yemen 's president makes his first public speech since taking office .  he calls for political reconciliation at home .  he vows to fight al qaed .
 pregnant shooter to compete for malaysia in london games <sec> malaysian shooter nur suryani mohamed taibi will compete while eight months pregnant .  nur suryani is the first female shooter to compete for malaysia in the olympic games .  three other female athletes have competed while pregnant in olympic history .  nur suryani is ranked 47th in the world and will compete in the 10m air rifle on july 2 .
 biggest drug bust shows mauritania is popular distribution hub <sec> police in mauritania find nearly 2,000 lbs of cocaine hidden beneath bags of rice .  it was the west african nation 's biggest drug bust ever .  the find shows the region has become a distribution hub for colombian cocaine .  authorities were investigating another drug case when they found the cocain .
 angolan independence leader holden roberto dies <sec> roberto a central figure in angola 's struggle for independence from portugal .  founded the national front for the liberation of angola ( fnla ) in early 1960s .  angola fell into a brutal 30-year civil war after independence .  roberto moved to paris , returned in 1992 for elections , period of political turmoi .
 songezo jim : from the townships to the tour de france <sec> songezo jim is the first black south african to compete in a world tour cycling event .  the 22-year-old took up sport aged 14 after his parents died but did n't know how to ride .  as part of mtn-qhubeka team , jim participated in last month 's milan-san remo race .  he wants to improve so that he can take part in the tour de france in 201 .
 glaad : movies do n't represent lgbt well <sec> glaad found that fewer than 20 % of last year 's films had lgbt characters .  two films were cited for having offensive portrayals .  study notes that tv is more inclusiv .
 vin diesel names daughter after paul walker <sec> diesel named his daughter pauline after walker .  diesel calls `` furious 7 '' a `` very personal film '' .  co-star walker was killed in 2013 during break in filming .  the seventh `` fast and furious '' film debuts april .
