 10-man manchester city hold liverpool at anfield <sec> manchester city held 1-1 at liverpool in the english premier league .  city striker mario balotelli sent off late in the second half .  draw leaves city five points clear of manchester united at top .  bayern munich suffer shock defeat in bundesliga to main .
 cnn student news : daily discussion <sec> use these questions to help students understand today 's featured news stories .  today 's daily discussion includes the media literacy question of the da .
 kurdish opposition leader slain in syria , activists say <sec> a kurdish activist , a member of the opposition syria national council , is slain .  at least eight other deaths are reported in violence in syria friday .  violence is reported in the damascus suburbs and homs .  russia 's medvedev says the syrian regime must make reform .
 report condemns honduras violence <sec> organization of american states panel targets kidnappings , torture , raids .  report says political activists have suffered since june coup .  new president must safeguard rights , report says .  security minister has promised to tackle proble .
 geoffrey holder , famed dancer , 7up pitchman , dies <sec> multifaceted artist geoffrey holder has died at 84 .  the cause was complications from pneumonia .  he was a two-time tony winner whose career spanned theater , film , tv and publishing .  he 's survived by his wife and so .
 48 killed in suicide attack outside iraqi army recruitment center <sec> suicide bomber detonates vest as men line up at army recruitment center .  bomber 's vest was stuffed with 30 kilos of explosives , ball bearings .  deadly attack occurs on day with a string of violent incidents in iraq .  iraq has been pushing to increase security as u.s. troop drawdown near .
 makoko : nigeria 's floating community <sec> photographer sulayman afose specializes in capturing life in the makoko neighborhood of lagos .  the 24-year-old was born , raised and still lives in the floating slum .  afose says this gives him an edge over photographers who come to document the area from elsewher .
 ukrainian troops , separatists battle at donetsk airport <sec> clashes have caused some casualties , a statement from the mayor 's office says .  authorities advise residents to stay in their homes as violence erupts .  pro-russian separatists seized donetsk airport terminal .  in response , ukrainian air and ground forces attacked the airpor .
 commentary : bush still does n't get it <sec> ed rollins : bush ends his second term with a tarnished presidency .  he says bush was n't incompetent or dishonest but he showed arrogance .  rollins says the four former presidents who met with obama all had great failures .  he says lesson for obama is that things often do n't go as planne .
 water park visitors injured seeking relief from scalding temperatures <sec> new : three visitors to an oklahoma water park are injured wednesday .  the heat is a factor in dozens of deaths in texas , oklahoma and arizona .  wednesday is the 33rd straight day of 100-plus-degree temperatures in dallas .  an eagles football player has seizure but it is unclear if it is heat-relate .
 the case of the breastfeeding professor <sec> american university professor adrienne pine breastfed her daughter in a class .  the student newspaper found out and sought comment from pine .  the incident and pine 's response led to heated debate about public breastfeeding .  allison gilbert hopes the controversy brings the need for emergency child care to the for .
 opinion : why 'the butler ' is groundbreaking <sec> gene seymour : opening weekend success of 'the butler ' surprising .  he says it comes at a time of national reckoning on race , with zimmerman , deen .  movie reviews mixed , but hype masterly . .  does it mark renaissance of black films ? .  it 's stunning that a film by and about blacks , civil rights made such a splas .
 georgia tech 'rapebait ' e-mail writer apologizes <sec> the writer of an offensive fraternity e-mail issues an apology .  he says it was an attempt to ridicule misogynistic behavior that `` backfired terribly '' .  the georgia tech student says he `` will strive to become a better man as i work through this .
 amazon : 'glitch ' caused gay censorship error <sec> amazon : move was caused by `` embarrassing ham-fisted cataloguing error '' .  titles from authors such as gore vidal , annie proulx lost best-seller ranking .  ranking is number that amazon uses to show how well one title sells .  book titles removed from charts are gay and lesbian-theme .
 will volcano blow ? expert waits , watches , ready to warn <sec> in the cold alaskan winter , geologist keeps watch on mount redoubt .  michelle coombs thinks the volcano will erupt within days or weeks .  the biggest danger could be ash getting in a jetliner 's engines .  at alaska volcano observatory , they 're getting extra help , monitoring 24/ .
 ray rice halloween costume : inappropriate for kids ? <sec> a photo of a child in a ray rice costume dragging a janay rice doll surfaced on instagram .  `` utterly disgusting '' is the sentiment shared by many parents about the costume .  many parents say hypersexualized costumes for girls are also inappropriate .  `` just because it 's halloween that does n't mean you can cross these kinds of lines , '' said one twee .
 standoff at embassy after ecuador grants asylum to wikileaks ' assange <sec> new : wikileaks says via twitter that 35 british police remain outside ecuador 's embassy .  ecuadorian foreign minister patiño says granting asylum is to protect assange 's rights .  but british authorities say they 'll still try to extradite assange , not letting him freely go to ecuador .  a leader of assange 's team vows to take the case to the international court of justic .
 iranian woman sentenced to death says she will sue german journalists <sec> sakineh mohammadi ashtiani is sentenced to die by stoning .  she says she will sue two german nationals who interviewed her son .  an activist says the government pressured her to make comments to reporters .  a german newspaper describes the events as a `` strange farce .
 u.s. sees signs of russian move from ukraine border , source says <sec> new : russia today journalist announces his detention is over , says he was treated well .  `` our troops are no longer on the border , '' russian president vladimir putin says .  u.s. official : `` there is some evidence of preparations for potential movement '' .  ukraine 's presidential election is set for sunda .
 motel fire on new jersey shore kills 4 , injures at least 8 <sec> new : death toll from fire is now at four , officials say .  new : all remaining occupants at motel in point pleasant beach have been accounted for .  new : firefighters rescued woman who was taking refuge in shower , fire chief says .  the cause of the blaze is not immediately know .
 man charged with attempted capital murder in 1990 abduction <sec> 40-year-old held on $ 1 million bail in girl 's abduction , rape , attempted killing .  he could get life in prison if found guilty .  `` i want to see this through the end , '' victim says .  dna and other tests led to suspect , police sa .
 bahrain , from pearls to protests <sec> bahrain is chain of small islands off eastern shore of arabian peninsula .  ruling family is sunni , but shiite muslims make up two-thirds of population .  hq of u.s. fifth fleet , naval arm of american forces in mideast , based there .  oil makes up 30 % of economy but reserves are tiny compared to those of neighbor .
 top jobs for night owls <sec> national sleep foundation : 41 percent u.s. workers are most productive at night .  disorder causes extreme difficulty to sleep before 2 a.m. , trouble waking early .  pastry chefs , security officers , health care workers have night shifts .  air traffic controllers make $ 117,000 , funeral directors make $ 87,00 .
 stewart , colbert announce washington rallies <sec> new : national park service confirms comics ' application for event on national mall .  jon stewart says he will host a `` rally to restore sanity '' on october 30 .  stephen colbert counters with a `` march to keep fear alive '' .  the announcements come weeks after much-publicized rallies in nation 's capita .
 s.c. student dead , officer hurt after fight at school <sec> new : police confirm incident at south carolina high school .  student , 16 , dies after struggle with school resource officer .  school has n't named student or officer .  officer being treated for injuries at hospital , spokeswoman say .
 opinion : stop sexual assaults on campuses <sec> government will investigate 55 universities and colleges on sexual assault cases .  chloe angyal : as alumnus of princeton , which is among the list , i feel grim satisfaction .  she says universities seem to care more about reputation than protection .  angyal : alumni should hold donations if colleges do n't sexual assault more seriousl .
 how baby on iconic nirvana album swam underwater <sec> dad of underwater baby on nirvana album dishes details on 1991 photo shoot .  `` if you do n't pull them up , they will drown , '' joked dad , a certified lifeguard .  photographer kirk weddle chose baby 's photo from pictures of 11 other kids .  actual photo shoot lasted only 18 frames , said dad . .  `` we got paid $ 200 .
 brazil says it has most swine flu deaths in world <sec> brazil has 7,569 new cases of the virus from august 25 to 29 , health ministry says .  however , new cases of the virus had dropped in the past three weeks .  in terms of mortality rate , argentina ranks sixth , brazil sixth and the u.s. is 12t .
 mccain , obama in heated exchange over iraq <sec> mccain questions whether obama is aware of al qaeda presence in iraq .  obama says there was no al qaeda in iraq until bush , mccain decided to invade .  mccain statement : comments during democrats ' debate were `` timidity of despair '' .  obama : mccain has followed `` george bush into a misguided war in iraq .
 canadians intercepted russian bombers before obama visit <sec> russian bombers were in international waters when canadian jets intercepted them .  canadians scrambled the f-18 fighter planes from norad in canada command .  russian planes identified as tu-95 bear aircraft , norad spokesman says .  `` it was a routine flight , '' russian embassy spokesman in washington say .
 bp works to replace containment cap over ruptured well <sec> new : replacement process is `` on plan , '' bp official says .  old containment cap removed from gulf well .  switch will take 4 to 7 days during which oil will flow unimpeded .  vessel may start picking up oil sunda .
 lost sea lion pup found in california orchard <sec> `` hoppie '' -- the sea lion -- traveled about a 100-mile drive from the ocean .  he was underweight and malnourished and is currently recovering .  hoppie is not the first california sea lion to swim up the san joaquin river channe .
 bands want to know if their music was used on gitmo detainees <sec> freedom of information act requests seek to reveal what music used at facility .  former prisoners say heavy metal , rock , children 's tunes were part of interrogations .  numerous artists endorse `` close gitmo now '' campaign , foia requests .  to learn friends ' music was used in such a way is `` horrific , '' rock band r.e.m . .  say .
 balotelli hat-trick as city step up english title bid <sec> manchester city beat aston villa 4-0 to go temporarily top of english premier league .  italian striker mario balotelli scores a hat trick at eastlands .  tottenham hotspur score 2-0 home win over newcastle to go fourth .  blackpool continue superb season with 2-0 win at sunderlan .
 source : '7th heaven ' actor 's accuser waited too long <sec> new : collins ' estranged wife : i had nothing to do with the release of a recording to the media .  collins , 67 , starred in `` 7th heaven '' as the patriarch of the central family .  in court papers , an estranged wife claims collins told her he had molested three girls .  collins ' legal response says the claims are attempted extortion in a divorc .
 albanian family granted asylum after cooperating , years of legal battles <sec> justice department wanted his testimony in human trafficking case that never occurred .  edmond demiraj says family was promised protection , green card in return .  department of justice lawyers told courts that demiraj family should be deporte .
 mexican navy : zetas leader captured <sec> the navy says its marines captured ivan velazquez on wednesday .  he is one of mexico 's 37 most-wanted traffickers .  more details on the arrest are expected later thursda .
 police : 52 dead in pakistani city after days of clashes <sec> new : 10 dead in shooting aboard a bus in karachi .  the violence began tuesday , police say .  the clashes involve urdu-speaking and pashto-speaking political parties .  violence between supporters of the two parties has caused many deaths in recent year .
 brother : 'more ... could have been done ' to save foley <sec> new : foley 's brother says `` rigid policies '' of u.s. hamper efforts to free captives .  new : he points to better international cooperation , consistency on ransoms .  new : james foley `` did n't flinch , '' asked to be put `` first in line , '' brother says .  u.n. condemns beheading of american journalist as `` heinous and cowardly .
 leader of khmer rouge torture prison gets life sentence <sec> `` duch '' ran a notorious torture prison in cambodia in the 1970s .  he was sentenced in 2010 to 35 years in prison .  at least 1.7 million people died under the khmer roug .
 poland hold russia after czechs win <sec> co-hosts poland share 1-1 draw with russia in group a .  jakub blaszczykowski scores stunning equaliser after alan dzagoev 's opener for russia .  czech republic seal 2-1 win over greece in early kick-off .  petr jiracek and vaclav pilar score in opening six minutes before theofanis gekas replies for greec .
 by the numbers : state of the union - cnnpolitics.com <sec> at least 1 - member of the president 's cabinet who does n't attend .  1 - times supreme court justice stephen breyer has missed the speech since 1994 .  12 - times fdr delivered a state of the union address , the most of any president .  22 - number of guests hosted by first lady michelle obama in 201 .
 tour de france : american talansky shows true grit <sec> tony gallopin wins 11th stage of tour de france .  vincenzo nibali retains yellow jersey .  focus on bravery of u.s. rider andrew talansky .  talansky survives inside time limit on 187.5km stag .
 good times rolling on for mardi gras <sec> mardi gras attendance expected to meet or exceed 2008 numbers .  hotel occupancy rates near 96 percent for saturday night .  supplier of parade throws says sales are up this yea .
 faa says 2 in helicopter crash were faa safety inspectors <sec> both victims taken to mississippi medical center where one died , say officials .  rear of house sustained most of the damage from the crash , say police .  helicopter registered to a local company , demolished in crash , authorities sai .
 not safe to eat : three foods to avoid <sec> pasteurization is the only effective way of killing harmful bacteria in milk .  there have been 30 reported outbreaks of foodborne illness from sprouts .  eating raw shellfish from the gulf of mexico is particularly dice .
 pakistan crisis a 'slow-motion tsunami , ' un chief says <sec> u.n. chief calls pakistan floods `` a global disaster '' .  the number of homeless doubles to 4 million .  almost 20 million people need shelter , food and emergency car .
 mozambique struggles with flooding after storms <sec> mozambique struggles after onslaught of two indian ocean storms .  tropical depression hit southern mozambique last week ; cyclone now lashing central coast .  the main highway to the northern part of the nation is cut off by floodwaters .  cyclone funso forecast to strengthen as it meanders south through mozambique channe .
 man arrested in kidnapping of new hampshire teen <sec> nathaniel e. kibby , 34 , will be arraigned tuesday on kidnapping charges .  abigail hernandez , 15 , returned home last week .  hernandez vanished as she headed home from school on october 9 , 201 .
 campaigns proclaim hats , buttons and signs made in america <sec> both obama and romney campaigns point out paraphernalia made in u.s . .  u.s. olympic team 's china-made uniforms widely criticized .  senate majority leader reid said uniforms should be burne .
 groupon adding gadgets with groupon goods <sec> groupon adds online retailing to daily deals .  groupon goods will feature actual items alongside services like restaurant discounts .  items will be shipped straight from retailers , with a limit on how many you can bu .
 the most trusted man in america <sec> douglas brinkley 's new book is a full biography of walter cronkite .  in era dominated by big three networks , cronkite was the leading anchorman .  americans experienced tumultuous developments of 1960s , '70s through cronkite .  brinkley : cronkite had a gift for being comfortable on air and at the center of event .
 veteran diplomat robin raphel 's office , home searched <sec> pakistan expert ambassador robin raphel was working for state department .  office and home have been searched , officials say .  her security clearance was pulled and her contract has not been renewed , officials sa .
 brian cox : scottish yes vote will see democracy reborn <sec> voters in scotland to decide on country 's independence on september 18 .  actor brian cox supports the `` yes scotland '' campaign .  cox : a `` yes '' vote will see `` the old feudal ideologies dismantled '' .  independent scotland `` will embrace new forms of political thinking , '' says co .
 'star wars 7 ' gets a title : 'the force awakens ' <sec> `` star wars 7 '' gets a title .  new film concluded shooting recently .  new `` star wars '' due for release december 18 , 201 .
 collector keya morgan has an unusual path to the stars <sec> keya morgan collects historical artifacts from celebs .  his work has helped him develop relationships with the stars .  morgan says he `` time travels '' using some of the items he ha .
 who are africa 's marissa mayers ? <sec> atagana : there 's still a perception that the world of tech is something of a boys ' club .  in africa , women are proving they can be tech entrepreneurs and power players .  atagana lists the most successful women in african tec .
 jury deliberation begins in pakistani scientist 's trial <sec> aafia siddiqui is charged with shooting at u.s. officers while she was in afghan custody .  she had bomb-making instructions , notes on attack in u.s. , indictment says .  siddiqui , a u.s.-educated neuroscientist , had been sought by f.b.i . .  for years .  she was extradited to u.s. from afghanistan in 2008 to face tria .
 what will the facebook millionaires do ? <sec> facebook filed for ipo on wednesday , which would make some people in the company rich .  lise buyer : why speculate on plans of facebook employees ? .  they 're like any other employees .  buyer : people in silicon valley tend to be circumspect about displaying their wealth .  she says facebook employees will probably keep working hard because of the competitio .
 new iphone 5s fingerprint sensor works for dogs <sec> ireporter mike linden finds new iphone fingerprint sensor works for his dog .  linden 's dog , hurley , had paw programmed to unlock the iphone 5s .  hurley is n't too fond of his role , however -- `` the more i do it , the angrier he gets .
 cuomo-clinton : complicated , beneficial relationship <sec> the two governors sparred early in the careers and came from different sides of the party .  cuomo and clinton mended fences , and clinton considered cuomo for a supreme court spot .  hillary clinton and andrew cuomo are both considered possible presidential candidate .
 daughter : joan rivers ' 'resting comfortably ' <sec> new : rivers ' daughter and grandson arrive at hospital after flight from los angeles .  joan rivers stopped breath during a procedure at a medical clinic .  her reality show documented a health scare last year .  she has been open about previous health issue .
 americans are not moochers <sec> teresa ghilarducci , rick mcgahey : it 's true 47 % of people do n't pay income tax .  ghilarducci , mcgahey : but americans are not moochers , as mitt romney implies .  they say nearly all americans pay some tax : sales , payroll , state income , or property tax .  authors : many of those who do n't pay income tax are the elderly or unemploye .
 airstrikes on isis in syria : who 's in , who 's not <sec> belgium and netherlands will participate in strikes in iraq , but not syria .  saudi arabia , jordan , the uae , bahrain and qatar joined the u.s. in airstrikes .  but other close allies and regional powers stayed out of the fray .  the future role of nato member turkey , heavily affected by the syrian conflict , remains unclea .
