 brittany maynard : my right to death with dignity at 29 <sec> married for a year , brittany maynard , 29 , found she had aggressive brain cancer .  she had six months to live , and she did n't want her family to watch her dying in pain .  maynard and her family moved to oregon to take advantage of the death with dignity law .  she says nobody has the right to take away the option from someone who is terminally il .
 hacker says phone app could hijack plane <sec> a german security researcher says he has developed an app that could hack planes .  hugo teso is a security consultant and a licensed commercial pilot .  his software , simon , is designed to work only on simulations .  he 's contacted makers of air-traffic systems and authorities in u.s. and europ .
 gnarly skateboards made in iranian basement <sec> m.j. rahimi is an iranian entrepreneur who has taken to making skateboards in his basement .  skateboarding is growing in popularity in iran .  iranian government has authorized building of skateboard parks in six citie .
 metro makeover for parisian ghost stations <sec> a mayoral candidate in paris has proposed transforming the city 's disused metro stations .  a series of images display subterranean night clubs , swimming pools and restaurants .  there are a total of 16 disused stations beneath the streets of pari .
 nikki giovanni on maya angelou quotes , stories <sec> poet nikki giovanni knew maya angelou over the years and shares her memories .  angelou was a great cook and good friend , author says .  giovanni notes angelou 's special ability to speak to everyone in the same voic .
 federer asks murray for hairstyle tips on twitter <sec> tennis legend roger federer exchanges hairstyle tips with andy murray .  the men discuss curls , smoothness and `` being worth it '' over twitter .  the sport is no stranger to funky hairstyles over the year .
 rick perry , rising or shooting star ? <sec> david gergen : the big news in gop contest is the sudden rise of rick perry .  he says texas governor is n't winning debates on points .  gergen says perry projects a feeling of command and leadership .  perry could still flame out , but he should n't be written off , says gerge .
 new york gun law triggers confusion , arrests for visitors <sec> ryan jerome was arrested when he tried to security-check his pistol .  the former marine has a permit for the gun in his home state , but he was visiting new york .  the state requires that gun-toting visitors have a new york-issued permit .  people carrying guns are arrested even though they have permits from their home state .
 hundreds in sri lanka hit streets to protest critical u.n. report <sec> president mahinda rajapaksa urged sri lankans to protest in colombo on sunday .  they came to protest a critical u.n. report alleging war crimes .  human rights groups have accused both rebels and government troops of abuse .
 pope francis and queen elizabeth meet in rome <sec> new : queen elizabeth and prince philip have a private audience with pope francis .  new : pope francis is the fifth pontiff whom queen elizabeth has met .  the british royals were invited to italy by president giorgio napolitano .  they had lunch with napolitano before heading to the vatica .
 china 's richest man hopes to join the political elite <sec> liang wengen can be a candidate for communist party of china 's central committee .  the central committee is an important body in china 's top-down political structure .  previous applications from liang , china 's richest man , have been rejecte .
 camera obscura : from the outside in <sec> marja pirila used the camera obscura technique for her `` interior/exterior '' photo project .  the technique uses a naturally occurring phenomenon that is the basis for the modern-day camera .  the subjects are in a dark room , but what 's outside is reflected on them via a small hole in the windo .
 girl gorillas go ape for french pinup hunk <sec> london zoo has been without a male gorilla since december .  french gorilla yeboah is being sent from la boissiere du dore zoo , nw france .  female gorillas at london have been shown posters of their new gues .
 u.n. again calls for end of u.s. embargo on cuba <sec> for the 20th consecutive year , a general assembly resolution urges an end to the embargo .  only the united states and israel vote against the measure ; 186 nations vote in favo .
 opinion : teens ' slaying a call for justice , not revenge <sec> deaths of three teens a terrible tragedy for israelis and people everywhere .  alan elsner : punish the killers but not families , others in a general offensive .  expanding settlements , harming families has never worked as a deterrence , he says .  elsner : how israel reacts will be decisive turning point for both israelis and palestinian .
 opinion : justice system is failing young black men <sec> laurence steinberg : obama initiative to improve life chances of young black men is a start .  to make impact , address disproportionate number of jailed black youth , he says .  he says black youth more likely to get locked up than whites ; this impedes chance for life success .  steinberg : programs do n't just need to `` fix '' young black men , they need to fix justice syste .
 police : man at airport checkpoint had 13 knives <sec> the man was arrested last week at baltimore-washington international airport .  he told authorities he collects knive .
 3 killed in confrontation with israeli military <sec> israel carried out an operation inside jenin refugee camp .  there was a confrontation with a suspected militant .  both sides blame the other for firing first .  three palestinians were killed , including a hamas operativ .
 louisiana charter school changing pregnancy test requirement <sec> `` the school has not eliminated its pregnancy policy at this time , '' said a school spokesman .  details of the revision , which will take effect pending board approval , are not yet clear .  broussard said a law firm helped revise the policy to make it compliant with federal law .  school reserves right `` to require any female student to take a pregnancy test .
 geeks : smart , harmless , authentic , exploited ? <sec> the geek squad rang the nyse bell tuesday for `` embrace your geekness day '' .  pop culture and ubiquitous technology make geek culture mainstream .  businesses use geeks and geek interests to market to non-geeks .  new products aimed at geeks need little marketing -- geeks already want the .
 atari founder : tim cook is n't the 'next steve jobs ' <sec> atari co-founder nolan bushnell headed the company when steve jobs worked there in the '70s .  nolan bushnell says his pioneering video-game company was `` quite counterculture '' .  he says the next tech innovator could be stifled by corporate culture .  all pioneers have had multiple failures , bushnell sai .
 10 most affordable caribbean hot spots <sec> tripadvisor 's tripindex looks at the cost of vacations to the caribbean in march and april .  puerto rico provides the most affordable getaway of the locations priced .  st. barthelemy is the most expensive destination on the lis .
 fema faces wildfire , katrina comparisons <sec> fema does n't face utter devastation as in gulf coast in 2005 .  victims can escape in own vehicles on open roads .  communications infrastructure remains intact .  agencies learn from hurricane katrina mistake .
 milan stuns leaders juventus <sec> juventus suffers its second defeat of league season .  messi scores twice as barcelona wins 4-0 at levante .  atletico madrid crush sevilla 4-0 to stay in second .  lyon suffers shock 3-0 defeat at toulous .
 time for gop to address occupy wall street <sec> writers : gop has ignored occupy wall st so far , but it has to tackle those issues .  democrats have taken on the populist notion of income inequality , they say .  americans getting more angry with huge gap between the top 1 % versus the 99 % , they say .  writers : gop must address inequality , face reality that rising tide no longer lifts all boat .
 miami coach says scandal will bring team 'closer together ' <sec> new : athletic director says this is not time for `` pity and reflection '' .  former booster says he spent millions on gifts for athletes .  coach al golden says his current players have nothing to do with the allegations .  the ncaa says it has been investigating the allegations for five month .
 top morsy aide : small , powerful minority behind egypt 's political upheaval <sec> new : egyptian president mohamed morsy gives army authority to arrest civilians .  morsy 's top aide says troops have been deployed ahead of the vote .  in cnn interview , the aide blamed the upheaval on businessmen and the media .  the opposition is calling for new , nationwide protests ahead of saturday 's vot .
 dad and daughter catch burglars , record dangerous chase <sec> a father and daughter discovered that their houston home was being burglarized .  they followed the suspects in a car chase that almost turned deadly .  they captured video of the dramatic car chas .
 clinton scores 3 wins ; obama cites delegate lead <sec> new : obama leads clinton 56 percent to 44 percent in tally of texas caucuses .  clinton wins ohio , texas , rhode island primaries .  obama wins vermont , leads race in total delegate coun .
 florida , michigan seek exit from democratic penalty box <sec> florida , michigan leaders call on national party to seat states ' delegations .  party stripped states of delegates after states moved up their primaries .  candidates agreed not to campaign there ; obama was n't on michigan ballot .  howard dean : michigan , florida knew the rule .
 weight loss inspiration : military wife drops 100 pounds for surprise <sec> misty shaffer 's husband was deployed to afghanistan .  in may 2013 she met him at the airport , more than 100 pounds lighter .  she focused on healthy eating during her weight los .
 russian tycoon khodorkovsky 's prison sentence cut by 2 years <sec> mikhail khodorkovsky will be eligible for release in 2014 .  the sentence for him and former business partner platon lebedev is cut by two years .  khodorkovsky , an oil magnate who backed an opposition party , was jailed in 200 .
 2 french soldiers killed in central african republic unrest <sec> new : french president francois hollande visits the central african republic .  two french soldiers die after their patrol is attacked in bangui , defense ministry says .  france has 1,600 troops in the central african republic in support of an african force .  violence has escalated in the central african republic since a coup in marc .
 woodrow wilson 's long shadow <sec> woodrow wilson established many federal institutions we take for granted .  he had fast rise -- from princeton head to n.j. governor to 28th president .  wilson 's opinions on race and speech suppression have hurt reputation .  author a. scott berg set out to write `` genuinely personal biography .
 mubarak says he wo n't run again ; protesters say it 's not enough <sec> new : president barack obama says a transition in egypt must begin now .  new : protesters and supporters of the egyptian president clash in alexandria .  mubarak 's position will only `` extend the agony , '' an opposition leader says .  arab league leader : opposition should weigh speech before respondin .
 cdc : first case of mers infection transmitted inside the u.s . <sec> an illinois man has tested positive for a past mers infection , a doctor says .  it is not being counted by the world health organization as an official mers case .  who requires a live active infection be present to be counte .
 cnn student news - march 2 , 2015 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 authorities mount record security effort to ensure inaugural safety <sec> officials say obama 's historic inauguration poses high security risk .  fbi has been especially aggressive in examining white supremacy groups .  a major unknown is how large the crowd will be for tuesday 's activities .  security planners have drawn up procedures to deal with bombs , weapon .
 puppies train to smell bombs , narcotics and missing people <sec> police dogs can nose out explosives , drugs , bodies and missing people .  kaden , at 4 months old , is training to become of the the few basenjis bomb dogs .  training usually begins in puppyhood so handlers can imprint skills .  about 35,000 police dogs work in the u.s. , group say .
 lowe 's wo n't resume ads in 'all-american muslim ' <sec> `` the decision was absolutely not influenced by any one group , '' said lowe 's vp of marketing .  the company met with north carolina clergy members who delivered a petition .  negative feedback about the tlc show had appeared on the company 's social media site .
 israel 's party city , tel aviv , turns its beachfront to gold <sec> tel aviv 's beachfront is home to some of israel 's most expensive luxury real estate .  the waterfront district has generated more than half a billion dollars worth of investment in the last four years .  multi-million dollar property prices represent a big change for a city that was on its knees at the end of the 1990 .
 human rights activists killed in kenya <sec> u.n. official calls for inquiry into deaths of two kenyan human rights activists .  deaths sparked protests amid suspicion over police involvement in killings .  one student fatally shot by police during demonstrations in nairobi .  police say they are looking for two suspects seen fleeing scene of the shooting .
 washington landslide searchers shift focus to recovery efforts <sec> it has been 38 days since a rain-saturated hillside in washington gave way .  officials have located , identified 41 bodies .  one resident says locals want the search for the remaining two missing to continu .
 gaming is a top priority for mobile-tech makers <sec> mobile gaming is a big focus of mobile-tech trade show in barcelona .  raj talluri says gaming is now a necessity for mobile devices .  more than 60 % of users regularly play games on their mobile gadgets .  intel has invested in the mobile sector with technology like its 1.66ghz intel atom processo .
 fda panels put silicone breast implants back under microscope <sec> mentor , allergan admit they 've lost track of many patients .  manufacturers had promised to do major 10-year studies .  panel hears from both doctors , patients that are highly concerned , quite pleased .  fda says it has much to conside .
 judge gives green light for same-sex marriage in california <sec> new : appeals court is next in line to weigh in on the controversial case .  decision by california judge would allow same-sex couples to marry starting august 18 .  the case could end up in the u.s. supreme court .  americans are divided over allowing same-sex marriag .
 nra chief : why we fight for gun rights <sec> david keene : the nra evolved to become a defender of the second amendment .  keene : obama administration tried to demonize nra and cow gun owners .  he says instead , gun owners are energized to rally for their constitutionally protected rights .  keene : law-abiding americans are entitled to own firearms and protect their familie .
 illinois governor taken into custody <sec> gov . .  rod blagojevich in federal custody on corruption charges , official says .  news conference scheduled for noon et .  charged with conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud and solicitation of briber .
 panera ceo learns about hunger on his food stamp diet <sec> panera bread ceo ron shaich lived on the amount a food stamp recipient gets each day .  shaich thought he knew about hunger , but this opened his eyes to real problem .  he drank water and ate carbs , lost energy and admits it was only a week , not his life .  shaich says hunger is not `` their '' problem , it 's ours as a societ .
 is middle east becoming the international sailing capital ? <sec> the middle east has moved to secure some of the world 's major sporting events .  volvo ocean race stopped in abu dhabi for the first time .  sailing organizations are seeing the financial benefits of the middle eas .
 ebola : educator became a first responder <sec> meyler worked with the community in liberian slum to develop ebola response .  dozens of ebola orphans now attend more than me academ .
 sudan can rid world of a horrible disease <sec> jimmy carter : sudanese have chance to rid nation and world of a horrible disease .  guinea worm sufferers endure 3 foot-long worm emerging painfully from skin , he writes .  the carter center helping sudan with education , eradication efforts .  sudanese have been most successful during periods of relative peace , carter say .
 'john schools ' try to change attitudes about paid sex <sec> experts say about 1 million to 2 million prostitutes work in the united states .  about 50 communities have programs that focus on deterring johns .  nashville 's program includes a speech from a former prostitute .  the internet is making it easier for people to buy prostitutes , experts sa .
 fishing craft to foosball tables , furniture to float your boat <sec> artlantique produces furniture made from old fishing boats in senegal .  many of the colorful boats have sailed the atlantic for 50 years .  the company 's creations can be found in stores in europe , new york and toky .
 experts tell how to deal with mortgage crisis <sec> barbara corcoran : under-pricing is a way to sell a home .  michael corbett : do n't ignore mortgage default notices .  jorge perez , donald trump : now 's the time to negotiate , buy a house .  robert kiyosaki : meltdown is time to learn to not rely on bailou .
 michael jackson , pop music legend , dead at 50 <sec> michael jackson suffers cardiac arrest at home in los angeles suburb .  singer was dominant in pop music for four decades with jackson 5 , solo .  jackson had many no . .  1s ; his `` thriller '' is one of the best-selling albums of all tim .
 on the roofs climbers scale new heights <sec> 'on the roofs ' started climbing buildings in russia five years ago .  since beginning in 2009 , the collective have climbed `` thousands '' of buildings and structures .  latest stunt involved hijacking a giant led billboard in hong kon .
 a year after gadhafi , can libya tame militias ? <sec> isobel coleman : a year after gadhafi 's death , libya defied predictions , has made gains .  she says in an election that included women , secularists did well ; civil society blooming .  she says militias and extremists pose big threat to gains ; government must get control .  coleman : new constitution will be litmus test for reconciling islam with women 's right .
 uae and qatar upgraded , but greece gets a downgrade <sec> uae and qatar got upgraded to emerging market status from the more risky frontier market rating .  msci announced that a developed nation is being downgraded for the first time .  greece 's fate was sealed by the 90 % plunge of its stock market since the start of the crisi .
 a child 's struggle inspires drive for cure <sec> 5-year-old rafi kopelan suffers from a rare connective tissue disorder .  a group of moms banded together and used social media to create rafi 's run .  last year the run raised more than $ 200,000 for medical researc .
 australian open : andy murray reaches fourth final <sec> andy murray makes a fourth australian open final .  he defeats tomas berdych in four sets in melbourne .  murray will face either novak djokovic or stan wawrinka .  djokovic and wawrinka face off in friday 's other semifina .
 'a peaceful , selfless man ' : wife of captive alan henning begs isis to let him go <sec> group calls on uk government to negotiate for alan henning 's release .  henning was kidnapped in syria as he was helping an aid convoy .  his wife says isis has n't responded to her attempts to communicate .  leading muslims in the uk say killing henning is n't permitted by islamic la .
 unbeaten in 10 years , wheelchair tennis ace esther vergeer retires <sec> wheelchair tennis star esther vergeer ends her career , being unbeaten for 10 years .  dutchwoman won 470 successive matches after a defeat on january 30 , 2003 .  the 31-year-old won four successive singles gold medals at the paralympic games .  she has been praised as an inspirational ambassador for disability sport .
 the screening room 's top 10 italian films <sec> there is a distinct italian flavor pervading `` the screening room '' this month .  we asked rome-based critic lee marshall to nominate his top 10 italian films .  he chose classics like `` la strada '' by fellini and `` l'avventura '' by antonioni .  as well as moretti 's `` dear diary and sorrentino 's `` the consequences of love .
