 whistle-blower who took on fifa power brokers <sec> fifa under fire from whistle-blower .  bonita mersiades points to errors in recent fifa report .  fifa 's commercial success has come at `` expense of the reputation of world football '' .  details how whistle-blowing impacted her lif .
 supreme court asked to stop nsa telephone surveillance - cnnpolitics.com <sec> privacy rights group seeks supreme court review , bypassing lower courts .  electronic privacy information center says only justices can resolve issues at stake .  petition stems from disclosures linked to leaked classified documents by edward snowden .  case is first direct challenge to secret court order on telephone surveillanc .
 chicago transit crash prompts urgent safety recommendations <sec> rail collision this week in chicago injured 33 people .  ntsb recommends transit agency take urgent safety action .  board wants steps to prevent trains from moving unintentionally .  cta said it has done so already ; investigation continues into cras .
 world 's 10 best vegetarian destinations <sec> we picked our favorite vegetarian restaurant in vegetarian-friendly cities .  cities with large hindu and buddhist populations tend to have more variety .  even glasgow , scotland , renowned for unhealthy dietary habits , is getting in on the veggie ac .
 opinion : congressman a kissing hypocrite <sec> peggy drexler : freshman rep. vance mcallister caught in video kissing congressional staffer .  she says he ran on platform of christian conservatism , family values . .  hypocrisy will hurt him .  she says meanwhile staffer is out of job , but mcallister not resigning .  drexler : a poll says voters think abuse of power worse than infidelity . .  mcallister guilty of bot .
 facebook 'stalkers ' face trial for model 's murder <sec> police say cynthia osokogu was lured to lagos using social networking sites under false pretenses .  suspects targeted her as they believed she would be carrying large amounts of cash , police say .  in lagos , she was taken to a hotel , drugged , and sexually assaulted , before being murdered , they say .  nigerians are some of the most active social media users in afric .
 new app tracks colorado wildfires <sec> two colorado springs coders built a web app in response to the waldo canyon wildfire .  the app collects and streams tweets containing the # waldocanyonfire hashtag .  coders have made their code base available to help others track natural disaster .
 sepp blatter : 'qatar working conditions unacceptable ' <sec> fifa president sepp blatter calls conditions for migrant workers in qatar `` unacceptable '' .  amnesty international reported migrant worker abuse was rife in qatar .  blatter says he is convinced qatar is taking the situation `` very seriously '' .  fifa awarded qatar the right to host the 2022 world cup in 201 .
 great fakes : top tourism replicas <sec> minutely detailed replica of egyptian boy king 's burial chamber opens to public in egypt this month .  hi-tech reproduction technique involved scanning 100 million points per square meter .  monument-copying business seems to be going strong but some copies -- multiple michelangelos and eiffel towers -- are less convincin .
 teens charged in death of retired nfl player 's son <sec> griffen kramer , 18 , son of a retired nfl quarterback , dies of apparent overdose .  two 19-year-old boys and two 17-year-old boys face various charges .  one allegedly keeps an unconscious kramer overnight before calling police .  kramer was dead for hours before the call was made , police sa .
 uk bans pregnant nun ice cream ad <sec> britian 's advertising watchdog says ad featuring a pregnant nun could cause offense .  ice cream company behind ad says it is being censored because of papal visit .  antonio federici says it will retaliate with billboard ads on the pope 's rout .
 olbermann 's 'countdown ' returns on current tv <sec> olbermann 's first show since leaving msnbc airs on monday night .  his guests include filmmaker michael moore and ex-nixon aide john dean .  olbermann left msnbc in january , months after being suspended by the network .  current tv , co-founded by al gore , can be seen in 75 million household .
 sebelius : veteran of healthcare wars <sec> sebelius from prominent politcal family in kansas .  republicans ramp up calls for her to resign due to obamacare website problems .  one ally says she is focused on consumers and patients .  as kansas governor , she tried to finance expanded health coverage through cigarette taxe .
 officials : abducted nigerian girls likely split up , taken over border <sec> former negotiator believes boko haram targeted girls to force concessions .  nigerian security chiefs call on those with information about the girls to come forward .  search must expand to niger , cameroon and chad , a u.n. official says .  france joins united states , britain , china in search for girls abducted by grou .
 holbrooke in critical condition after aortic surgery <sec> new : a top u.s. diplomat is in critical condition at a d.c. hospital , the state department says .  new : richard holbrooke 's wife talks sunday with afghanistan and pakistan 's presidents .  holbrooke , 69 , fell ill friday and underwent surgery for a tear in his aorta .  a senior white house adviser says holbrooke 's toughness is helping hi .
 steubenville rape case : new arrest , jail without bond <sec> social media made steubenville , ohio , a household name for the wrong reasons .  when two boys were arrested there for rape , few in the small town wanted to talk about it .  a school official is accused of covering up for them .  photos and videos that were made of the drunken victim enraged blogger .
 china needs smog-free air in a can <sec> this year has been one of the worst for air quality in china .  residents have termed the smog event the `` air-pocalypse '' .  john sutter says the country should pass a clean air act .  it 's a matter of human rights and public health , not imag .
 university is digging into mississippi 's past with forgotten graveyard <sec> about 2,000 unmarked graves were found at the university of mississippi medical center .  the find has forced the medical center in jackson to halt its expansion .  experts believe the graves are associated with the mississippi state lunatic asylu .
 mars once covered in water , space agency says <sec> liquid water was once widespread over mars , scientists say .  evidence was discovered by nasa and the european space agency .  it shows water once existed in the northern hemisphere .  evidence of water previously had been found only in southern area .
 redford : women , young people must save u.s. from men behaving stupidly <sec> president obama `` ca n't function '' now in washington , robert redford says .  the actor says some in congress are `` crippling our whole country '' .  redford sat down with cnn 's nischelle turner to talk about his new film , `` all is lost '' .  he plays a lone sailor struggling to stay alive after his sailboat is crippled by a collisio .
 princeton starts offering meningitis b vaccination to students <sec> princeton has reported eight cases of meningitis b since march .  the vaccine is called bexsero and is made by novarti .
 ferdinand angry after second england euro 2012 snub <sec> england coach roy hodgson overlooks defender rio ferdinand for a second time .  hodgson calls up liverpool 's martin kelly as a replacement for the injured gary cahill .  france midfielder yann m'vila struggling to be fit for their match with england on june 9 .  germany 's bastian schweinsteiger is fit to travel with his teammates on monda .
 can rand paul break past controversy over civil rights - cnnpolitics.com <sec> rand paul got in some hot water over his 2010 comments about the civil rights act .  democrats will likely make the controversy a line of attack if he runs for president .  the kentucky republican is now trying to appeal to african-american voters .  experts say he 's made strides with his outreach efforts , but needs to keep it u .
 australia weighs tax to fund flood recovery <sec> in a television interview , prime minister julia gillard says she is pinpointing possible spending cuts .  `` i want to be very blunt with australians . .  we have a lot of flood damage to repair , '' she says .  official damage estimates for flooding are still being calculated .  queensland state 's premier has said rebuilding will have a `` multi-billion dollar price tag .
 why jane goodall 's famous chimps still surprise us <sec> gombe stream national park in tanzania home to a very special group of chimpanzees .  chimps here have been under observation for 55 years by primatologist jane goodall .  length of study means wealth of data and scientific infrastructure without parallel .  jane goodall foundation looking to preserve ecosystem of gombe and surrounding area .
 chris brown kills twitter account after claim of album 'blackballing ' <sec> brown : `` i wan na thank my fans for all the support . .  i love yall . .  goodbye ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! '' .  singer accused stores of not selling , stocking his album `` graffiti '' .  `` the didnt even have my album in the back ... not on shelves , saw for myself , '' he wrot .
 man police identify as 'east coast rapist ' caught in connecticut <sec> u.s . .  marshals arrest aaron thomas , 39 , without incident at his home in new haven .  connecticut police say thomas `` has been identified as the east coast rapist '' .  several agencies claim the dna links a man to 17 rapes in 4 states .  a virginia police spokesman says , `` we are all breathing a sigh of relief .
 ebola outbreak kills 10 in congo <sec> who spokesman says there 's no link between congo , uganda outbreaks .  the natural habitat of the virus is the central african forest belt .  most of the congo cases and deaths occurred in the isiro area .  the virus is highly infectious and often fata .
 southwest plane returns to nashville after striking birds <sec> new : birds went into one of the plane 's two engines , southwest spokeswoman says .  a baltimore-bound southwest airlines plane makes an emergency landing in nashville .  the plane had just taken off from nashville international airport when it hit birds , airline says .  the plane landed safely , southwest say .
 indonesian erick thohir takes over at inter milan <sec> inter milan purchased by indonesian billionaire erick thohir .  thorir also owns stakes in the philadelphia 69ers and soccer 's dc united .  inter become just the second italian team to come under foreign ownership .  a u.s. consortium purchased a controlling stake in roma in 201 .
 'blade runner ' pistorius , charged with murder , sobs in court <sec> famous runner oscar pistorius rejects murder allegation .  pistorius shakes uncontrollably as he faces murder charges .  nike pulls an ad featuring pistorius and the word `` bullet .
 was sandusky protected by football culture ? <sec> jay jennings : jerry sandusky was coddled by the culture of college football .  jennings : big-time college sports feed us fantasy that coaches are moral leaders .  he says winning games gives coaches a cloak of invincibility .  jennings : sandusky escaped scrutiny because we put him on a pedesta .
 celebs join 'smoke alarm ' twitter plan <sec> new : twitter can be `` far more effective '' than telethons , robinson says .  when an urgent need is identified , smokey robinson will send out a `` smoke alarm '' .  millions of people should quickly see the call as other celebs retweet , robinson says .  elton john , james franco , eva longoria and hilary duff are among first to join his caus .
 mexico city bans stores from distributing plastic bags <sec> mexico city is western hemisphere 's second large metro area to ban the bags .  move comes as leading environmentalists call for global ban .  u.n. agency : plastic bags are second-most common form of litter .  bags a major threat to ocean wildlife , u.n. agency say .
 north carolina storm damage limited , officials say <sec> new : no fatalities reported , injuries were minor after severe weather sunday .  tornado touched down monday morning in oakland park , florida ; no injuries reported .  eight unconfirmed tornadoes spotted along north carolina 's interstate 85 corridor .  roofing ripped off building west of charlotte ; 3 hurt , homes damaged outside lexingto .
 rice tries to quell staff dissent over forced duty in iraq <sec> condoleezza rice responds to foreign service officers ' objections on iraq duty .  `` directed assignments '' will be enforced if enough officers do n't volunteer in iraq .  rice : department doing `` everything that we can to try and protect our diplomats '' .  one official calls order to serve in iraq `` a potential death sentence .
 roger federer to face novak djokovic in indian wells final <sec> former world no . .  1 roger federer reaches final of indian wells masters tournament .  swiss star has won the u.s. outdoor hardcourt event on four occasions .  he will next play world no . .  2 novak djokovic , who has won it twice .  serbian defeats american john isner , beaten by federer in the 2012 fina .
 the west 's multi-billion pitch to entice ukraine into the fold <sec> there is now no doubt about the west 's commitment to ukraine , writes john defterios .  the west has pledged $ 16b , while ukraine leaders have said they 're facing a $ 30b hole .  the latest move is significant because it could lead to support from other lenders .  the next step is to figure if the g7 will proceed with economic sanctions or no .
 inventions to cope with air pollution <sec> beijing residents have invented ways to make life bearable under the smog .  the infipure mask makes air-filtering nearly undetectable .  banshirne is an app that helps predict the next clean air day .  artists are also coming up with creative solutions for pollution , such as a smog vacuu .
 1 indian , 2 pakistani soldiers dead in kashmir gunfight <sec> pakistani military says indian side shot first .  indian military : pakistani rangers shot and killed an indian soldier on new year 's eve .  bilateral ceasefire agreement held for years , but there have been recent breache .
 power outage snarls transport , leaves residents sweltering in northern india <sec> outage held up at least 300 trains in the region , indian railway spokesman says .  officials say it affected seven states in northern india , home to more than 350 million people .  power was partially restored after about six hours , authorities said .  blackouts become more common during summer every year when demand shoots u .
 nfl chiefs play on schedule , a day after apparent murder-suicide by teammate <sec> new : chiefs coach romeo crennel congratulates players , says they `` overcame a lot '' .  a moment of silence is held for victims of domestic violence .  police say player jovan belcher fatally shot his girlfriend , then himself .  the two shared a 3-month-old daughte .
 blizzard debuts shooter game 'overwatch ' <sec> gaming company blizzard debuts `` overwatch , '' first new franchise in years .  multiplayer shooter game features disbanded team of superheroes battling evil forces .  beta version of `` overwatch '' will be available in 2015 , game director say .
 thailand elections marred by violence , delays <sec> new : opposition protest leader : `` we fight in peace , with no weapons '' .  anti-government protesters successfully delayed elections in bangkok 's laksi district .  at least eight people have been wounded in violence since saturday , medical officials say .  voting was also called off in bangkok 's din daeng district because of protesters ' blockad .
 grief counselors offer solace amid tragedy <sec> disaster counselors require an inner-strength to work in a tough field .  the theater shooting in colorado hit `` very , very close to home '' .  counselors can experience their own emotional toll .  there are checks in place ensure they do n't suffer secondary traum .
 source : lindsay lohan starting rehab monday <sec> a source close to the actress did not reveal which rehab facility she 's entering .  lohan admitted failing a drug test two weeks ago .  lindsay lohan spent 14 hours in jail friday .  she was released from rehab after 23 days last mont .
 olympic legend edwin moses : how to be a winner <sec> olympic hurdler edwin moses learned about business while an international athlete . .  the mba and financial consultant says successful sportspeople are created , not born . .  a physics major , moses tailored his own training program and technique .
 china pollution : how it affects travelers <sec> the author pedaled more than 2,000 kilometers , much of it through epic smog .  charity bike ride started in shenzhen , finished in shanghai .  some area of ride were gorgeous and smog-free .  most of the riders in author 's group found the air quality disturbin .
 transcript reveals last moments of doomed flight <sec> transcript shows pilots warned of danger several times in seconds before crash .  april 10 crash killed polish president lech kaczynski and about 100 others .  delegation headed to russia for 70th anniversary of massacre of polish prisoners of war in world war i .
 pharrell williams inks 'happy ' book deal <sec> pharrell williams signs a children 's book deal .  the picture book will showcase photos of children across cultures `` celebrating happiness .
 irish politicians to vote on divisive abortion bill <sec> a bill would permit a woman to terminate a pregnancy if it threatens her life .  it includes a provision for women who are suicidal during pregnancy .  conservative and catholic critics say this opens doors to abortion access .  prime minister says it 's a compassionate measur .
 somalia bomb kills 21 women street cleaners <sec> new : mayor blames islamist fighters for blast ; islamist fighters blame government .  new : women part of u.n. program in which they cleaned streets for food .  mogadishu the site of violence between ethiopian troops and islamist fighters .  11 ministers resign saturday , prime minister has refused to step dow .
 cabbage shortage leaves koreans hungry for kimchi <sec> many koreans eat the spicy fermented cabbage dish every day .  the price of napa cabbage , a key ingredient in kimchi , has climbed fourfold .  a crop shortage has forced koreans to cut back or pay much more .  kimchi-making season , a family event , is coming u .
 kanye west shows off baby north <sec> kanye west appeared on kris jenner 's talk show friday .  he discussed his relationship with kim kardashian and being a dad .  he also showed off the first picture of daughter north .  kris jenner told her audience that she thinks kanye 's misunderstoo .
 syria chemical weapons teams show how science can boost peace <sec> opcw 's eradication of 80 % of chemical weapons show growing role of science in world affairs .  science now playing major role in tackling key issues from climate change to conflict resolution .  van den berg : `` science diplomatic passports '' could allow unfettered access for researchers .  van den berg : science should be at center of international diplomatic effort .
 memories and traces of students lost in south korean ferry disaster <sec> a whiteboard carries descriptions of bodies recovered from the ferry .  one student had a pimple and wore braces ; a girl had a flower-shaped belly ring .  a high school has lost most of its junior class in the sinking of the sewol .  signs of mourning are everywhere in the neighborhood near the schoo .
 iceland voters reject repaying $ 5 billion foreign debt <sec> uk , dutch governments bailed out their savers hit by collapse of icelandic banks .  under an eu directive , iceland owes compensation to the uk , the netherlands .  some icelanders say that the current repayment terms are unacceptable .  with around 90 percent of votes counted , just over 93 percent said no to dea .
 pato : euro 2012 success can ease italian 'suffering ' <sec> ac milan star alexandre pato says euro 2012 can save italy 's tainted reputation in football .  brazilian forward believes winning the tournament would change italian game .  scores of football figures have been arrested in latest italian match-fixing scandal .  defender domenico criscito withdrew from squad before euro 2012 after police rai .
 european team to honor ballesteros with special insignia on golf bags <sec> u.s. ryder cup captain davis love iii expecting a partisan crowd at medinah .  love leads his players against jose maria olazabal 's european team .  spain 's olazabal will hope to lead europe to a fifth win in six ryder cup matche .
 opinion : what 's motivating some of obama 's black critics ? <sec> lz granderson : why do tavis smiley and cornet west unfairly criticize president obama ? .  granderson : could it be because they feel personal grievances toward obama ? .  he says the two are right to criticize obama on policy issues but name-calling is petty .  granderson : smiley , west seem egocentric in believing they are face of black intellectualis .
 government considers relocations after indonesian tsunami <sec> government considers relocating citizens .  the united states pledges $ 2 million in aid .  hundreds missing four days after the disaster .  villagers and their homes were swept up without warnin .
 fsu breaks silence on jameis winston case <sec> fsu issues an open letter detailing its investigation of the case .  the school says it 's trying to clear up `` continual '' misinformation .  winston is accused of sexually assaulting a woman in december 2012 .  he denies the allegation and has not been charge .
 'duck dynasty ' family stands by suspended patriarch <sec> new : the robertson family calls into question the show 's future .  phil robertson has been suspended `` indefinitely '' from a & e 's `` duck dynasty '' .  sinful behavior can start with homosexuality and morph into things like bestiality , he tells gq .  he also says black people he saw in pre-civil rights louisiana were `` singing and happy .
 pettigrew , patience and pride : nigeria 's 12-year wait for an olympic gold <sec> nigeria 's 4 x 400m team were awarded victory when team usa 's gold was rescinded .  antonio pettigrew , of team usa , admitted doping during the sydney olympics in 2008 .  the nigerian athletes have still yet to be given their gold medals won in 2000 .  former 400m runner and member of nigerian relay team sunday bada died in 201 .
