 mcilroy missed cut opens the way for donald to reclaim no.1 spot <sec> rory mcilroy misses cut at european tour 's pga championship at wentworth .  mcilroy slumps to a second round seven-over 79 on the west course .  luke donald in joint second after second straight 68 .  james morrison leads the way after superb second round 6 .
 intel facts <sec> intel was formed in 1968 by founders of fairchild semiconductors .  it 's first microprocessor , the 4004 was launched in 1971 .  in 2007 intel 's total revenue was more than $ 38 billio .
 3rd woman accuses san diego mayor of sexual harassment <sec> a woman accuses san diego mayor bob filner of trying to kiss her four times .  the incident occurred in a restaurant in 2009 when filner was a congressman .  at the time , morgan rose was running a nonprofit working with domestic violence .  filner could n't be immediately reached for commen .
 china hails sea and space exploits <sec> chinese spacecraft makes first manual docking .  on same day , deep-sea dive record is set by manned sub .  both feats seen as source of pride for china as leaders seek to bolster suppor .
 sony unveils new playstation portable system <sec> sony unveils a new playstation portable system to launch late this year .  the system has 3g cell service , a touch-screen and a touch control pad on the back .  for smartphones and tablets , sony will launch playstation suite for android gamin .
 6-year-old suspended for kissing girl , accused of sexual harassment <sec> 6-year-old suspended for kissing a girl on the hand , cnn affiliate krdo reports .  krdo : superintendent says behavior fits description of sexual harassment .  boy was suspended before for rough-housing , kissing same girl on cheek .  boy 's mother calls school response `` extreme , '' wants charge removed from recor .
 mtv vmas : from courtney to kanye , why i know to expect the unexpected <sec> this year 's entire show is re-imagined for today 's generation of viewers .  mtv is a network that does n't grow up with its audience -- and neither do the vmas .  the cultural impact of the vmas and the network as a whole is undeniabl .
 obama 's order no free ride for immigrants ( opinion ) <sec> navarrette : critics can disagree with obama immigration action , but should get facts right .  he says use of executive power to defer deportations is not `` changing '' or `` canceling '' the law .  he says under daca , and likely dapa , immigrants turn selves in , risk deportation if rejected .  navarrette : it 's no free ride for immigrants ; conservative critics wrong to suggest it i .
 the cartoonist beloved by gis and regular guys <sec> bill mauldin created award-winning `` willie & joe , '' about army grunts , in wwii .  mauldin was young soldier like those he drew during war ; they related .  mauldin had long career , yet many only know him through `` peanuts '' mention .
 top analyst : 'apple will decline ' <sec> forrester ceo says apple needs a charismatic leader like steve jobs .  company will coast two to four years on its momentum , then fade , he wrote .  he says shifting to a more bureaucratic leader wo n't work well for appl .
 mapping out a new era in brain research <sec> emerging field of `` connectomics '' aims to uncover the complex secrets of the brain .  human connectome project shedding new light on connectivity and function .  new advances could pave the way for treatments of brain disorders like autis .
 fda : peanut plant knew product was tainted with salmonella <sec> new : recall expanded to include products from january 2007 .  fda : salmonella strains were found 12 times from 2007 to 2008 at plant in georgia .  inspectors from the fda found more contamination this month .  more than 300 products using pca peanut butter , paste have been recalle .
 edward james olmos ' 'filly brown ' debuts , 'stand and deliver ' still resonates <sec> 25 years since edward james olmos portrayed real-life math teacher in `` stand and deliver '' .  key to success in industry : `` do the things you love to do when you do n't feel like doing them . '' .  olmos starring in new film , `` filly brown '' , opening friday , april 19th .  `` there 's never been a movie of a latina hip-hop artist who raps her poetry and writes songs . .
 police : duke university official offered adopted son for sex <sec> man allegedly offered 5-year-old during internet chat with undercover police officer .  chat began after source told police he saw man performing sex acts on the boy .  frank lombard , 42 , is associate director of duke 's center for health policy .  complaint : lombard drugged child , wanted to hide abuse from partne .
 family ties mix with fresh fruit on an island paradise <sec> mauritius ' fresh fruit and veg market leader started on a small hold farm .  these days the firm 's distribution center can hold 1,300 tons of fresh fruit and vegetables .  the family started the islands ' first dairy , and will open its sixth supermarket franchis .
 poland pays tribute as body of first lady returns <sec> thousands pay tribute as body of poland 's first lady arrives home .  polish president and wife died with 95 others in plane crash in russia on saturday .  couple 's funeral will be held saturday in warsaw , followed by their burial on sunday .  investigators examining cause of saturday 's crash near smolensk airpor .
 exclusive : confessions of a female isis member <sec> 25-year-old joined isis after chaos following protests against syrian president .  lured by man she met online , she became interested in isis .  she joined female police brigade that enforces isis rules on women .  she witnessed beheading and violence against wome .
 3 men sought in 1982 paris attack on kosher restaurant <sec> paris prosecutor : arrest warrant is issued for three men suspected in the 1982 attack .  six people were killed and 22 people injured in the attack on the kosher restauran .
 record-breaker wilkinson helps england beat title rivals france <sec> england defeat france to keep alive hopes of a six nations grand slam success .  fullback ben foden scored the only try of the match in england 's 17-9 victory .  replacement jonny wilkinson sealed win as he regained points-scoring record .  wales survive an italy fightback to triumph 26-14 win in rome earlier on saturda .
 should malaysia jet have flown over ukraine ? <sec> malaysia airlines executive on plane 's route : we 've flown it safely `` for quite some time '' .  now , he says , the airline is reassessing the route .  analysts say the crash of malaysia airlines flight 17 could lead to new guideline .
 police : killer of 4 adults , 2 kids in memphis still at large <sec> new : police believe killer or killers left the memphis house where 6 people slain .  neighbor says he heard shots saturday night , did n't call police .  police : four adults , two kids killed ; 3 other children wounded .  7-year-old , 4-year-old , and 10-month-old hospitalize .
 rapper pitbull true to his cuban heritage <sec> pitbull has had some crossover success ; his new album debuted in top 10 .  hip-hop artist has cuban heritage , has balanced that with american upbringing .  he says he 's not fazed by failure : negatives can lead to positives , he say .
 missing florida boy found safe <sec> 4-year-old ismael tristan santisteban has been found safe .  sheriff 's deputies found four bodies near the boy 's home .  the man the boy was with is a suspect in the killing .
 new mexico teen indicted in family killings <sec> nehemiah griego , 15 , had hoped to go on a killing spree and die , police say .  the teen told police he was `` frustrated with his mother '' .  griego was arrested january 19 after deputies found parents ' , siblings ' bodie .
 uk : basra pullout was pre-planned <sec> uk pm gordon brown defends withdrawal of uk troops from iraqis base .  move from basra palace consolidates british troops at basra 's airport .  brown : troops can still intervene in the city in `` certain circumstances .
 europe security officials rush to spot possible threats <sec> islamist terrorists in belgium tied to isis-linked cells in europe , source says .  belgium says it targeted a terror cell that was plotting to attack police officers .  paris prosecutor 's office says at least a dozen suspects were detained .  two men have been arrested in berlin on suspicion of links to isis , police sa .
 why african designers are finally in the fashion spotlight <sec> helen jennings is a journalist and editor of london based magazine , arise . .  she scours the world for fashion trends and has honed her sights on africa . .  jenning says fashion is becoming an influential industry on the continent .
 malaysia flight 370 : signals consistent with those from data recorders <sec> new : official : `` we have a promising lead , but we have yet to get confirming evidence '' .  it could still take days to confirm the origin of the signals , he says .  a chinese search ship picked up two signals in the indian ocean , authorities say .  the plane flew around indonesian airspace , a malaysian source say .
 out of jobs , out of benefits , out of luck <sec> david frum : mass joblessness is n't going away ; wages are falling .  frum : u.s. used to provide minimal benefits but lots of jobs , but not now .  public-sector hiring is helpful , he says , but how many can government employ or afford ? .  frum : cuts to food stamp and unemployment benefits punish jobless when no jobs exis .
 vick dog inspired 'bloom county , ' 'opus ' creator <sec> berkeley breathed 's new book , `` flawed dogs , '' inspired by photo of abused dog .  after seeing picture , breathed says he wanted to do story about dog horrors , rescue .  breathed best known for comic strips `` bloom county '' and `` opus '' .  among his fans : harper lee , who he says asked him not to end the opus characte .
 ex-boy scout leaders involved in pushing over ancient utah boulder charged <sec> glenn taylor and david hall face felony charges of criminal mischief .  taylor pushed over an ancient rock at a utah park while hall cheered him on .  the men have said they felt the rock was unstable , could have hurt others .  but others have blasted their action and playful celebration afterwar .
 cyclone pam leaves shattered livelihoods in vanuatu <sec> the death toll of 11 is expected to rise , a u.n. agency says .  vanuatu 's president tells cnn the cyclone has set his nation back by years .  aid agencies say they fear severe destruction in communities on outlying island .
 12 best designs from the last 100 years <sec> top designers nominate most iconic industrial design from the last hundred years .  escalator , floppy disk , ipod and airbus a380 among the nominees .  gianfranco zaccai , ceo of design consultancy continuum , nominates the piaggio vesp .
 copenhagen : where to eat <sec> gourmets can take their pick from a selection of michelin-starred restaurants .  geranium offers biodynamic organic cuisine of the highest order .  estate coffee and café europa are run by former world barista champions .  go native and try a traditional open sandwich ( smørrebrød ) at ida davidse .
 world cup : dutch beat costa rica in shootout to reach semis <sec> the netherlands into world cup semifinals after defeating costa rica in salvador .  game finishes 0-0 but the dutch win penalty shootout 4-3 .  louis van gaal 's team will now play argentina in semifinals on wednesday .  argentina beat belgium 1-0 in saturday 's other quarterfina .
 former teacher sentenced to 10 years for having sex with students <sec> stephanie ragusa pleaded guilty in april in the case .  judge also sentences ragusa to 15 years sex offender probation .  prosecutor paints former math teacher as a `` master manipulator '' .  ragusa apologizes to victims and their familie .
 search area for malaysia airlines flight 370 'can now be discounted ' <sec> australia 's deputy pm defends searching the southern indian ocean .  the joint search agency says the original search area is not plane 's final resting place .  u.s. navy official : the pings detected are no longer believed to have come from the plane .  the pings had been at the center of the search since they were picked up weeks ag .
 latina 'dear abby ' brought wit , wisdom , light <sec> sandra guzman : dolores prida , advice columnist , `` latina dear abby , '' died at 69 .  she says guzman was renaissance woman : playwright , activist , feminist .  her plays spoke to latina experience in u.s. ; her advice columns were wise , frank , witty .  guzman : her last hours were joyous , spent with friends ; she brought many joy and ligh .
 south africa face huge deficit in kolkata <sec> india rack up a massive first-innings lead of 347 runs over south africa in kolkata .  v.v.s . .  laxman ( 143 ) and mahendra dhoni ( 132 ) add unbroken 259 for the seventh wicket .  india declare at 643-6 on day three of second test and south africa reach 6-0 .  new zealand declare on 553-7 on second day of one-off test against banglades .
 judge rejects e-mail ban in michael jackson death lawsuit <sec> aeg failed to show the leaked e-mails came from the jackson side of the lawsuit , judge says .  the e-mails reveal aeg had doubts about michael jackson 's health months before his death .  jackson 's mother and children accuse the concert promoter of contributing to the death .  the trial is set for apri .
 wasatch high school 's yearbook photo editing angers female students <sec> a group of girls say their yearbook photos were edited badly and unfairly .  at issue is a dress code for yearbook photos that forbade low-cut tops and tanks .  school superintendent stands by policy but apologizes for inconsistent editing .  but a rape recovery center in utah says the policy shames girls and wome .
 midwest tornadoes : 'the sky was just rumbling ' <sec> new : officials say a 21-year-old man was killed in michigan , bringing the death toll to 8 .  washington , illinois , storm rated as ef-4 , with winds of up to 190mph .  illinois governor makes disaster declaration for seven counties .  `` a lot of people have a pile of rubble still , and i do n't have anything , '' survivor say .
 ryan seacrest wants to pimp your iphone <sec> the typo iphone case was dreamed up at a dinner with tv host ryan seacrest .  the case adds a blackberry-style keyboard .  seacrest joins justin timberlake , ashton kutcher in the tech startup worl .
 best places to dine with celebrities <sec> new york , los a ngeles and miami are obvious hot spots for celeb meal sightings .  but nashville , atlanta and silicon valley are reliable spots , too .  not all `` celebs '' are actors and musicians . .  politicians and entrepreneurs are exciting `` gets '' for many celeb seeker .
 america 's black cowboys fight for their place in history <sec> photographer john ferguson documents the lives of modern-day black cowboys .  historians now estimate up to one in four cowboys in old west were african-american .  historian : the black cowboy played a crucial role in taming the american west .  were cattle-herding slaves labelled `` cow-boys '' where the term originated .
 citadel abuse accuser says there are more victims <sec> new : `` i was put in a hole because of what happened , '' the former camper said .  new : `` i do n't want him to do to another kid what he did to me , '' he told the citadel 's lawyer .  a former camp counselor faces at least six criminal counts in another case .  `` we should have done more , '' says citadel president lt. gen. john ros .
 isis supporters from minnesota arrested , feds say <sec> six young minnesotans conspired to sneak into syria and join isis `` by any means necessary , '' prosecutors say .  the men , ages 19 to 21 , were arrested sunday .  they plotted for 10 months , the u.s. attorney for the district of minnesota say .
 small plane crashes in las vegas neighborhood <sec> four people were aboard the plane ; their conditions are unknown .  the plane was unable to gain altitude after takeoff .  the faa and ntsb are investigating the cras .
 olympic gold medalist accused of trying to stab woman <sec> ezekiel kemboi of kenya is under investigation , police there say .  a woman has accused him of trying to stab her after making sexual advances .  kemboi says he 's the victim of attempted extortion .  charges have been withdrawn pending further investigation , police sa .
 ryan 's anti-poverty push has produced more problems than solutions <sec> rep. paul ryan has responded to criticism about comments over inner city `` culture '' .  ryan was addressing structural problems that lead to poverty on conservative radio show .  president barack obama has made similar statements about inner-city povert .
 family first : why wozniacki is a winner <sec> caroline wozniacki tells cnn that family rivalry spurred her on to become world number one .  wozniacki was made to umpire matches because she was not good enough to beat her family .  the dane recalls meeting venus williams as a 12-year-old and the effect it had on her career .  wozniacki and her golfer boyfriend rory mcilroy are keen users of networking site twitte .
 parisians seek split from love locks <sec> the no love locks campaign seeks to outlaw the practice of affixing padlocks to paris 's historic bridges .  the pont des arts bridge is groaning under the weight of 700,000 padlocks and is at risk of collapse , campaigners say .  a petition to ban the locks and move them elsewhere has gained more than 1,700 signature .
 girl , 12 , slugged back at phillies slugger <sec> girl gets historic baseball back after suing phillies and ryan howard .  ball was 200th homer for howard , the fastest any player had achieved the feat .  girl was first given cotton candy and an autographed ball in questionable exchange .  outraged mom came to her defense : `` it 's my daughter . .  it 's my blood .
 athletes part of notre dame academic fraud probe <sec> new : `` my emotions were shock and disappointment , '' coach says .  new : coach says he wo n't be involved in probe and `` will be on the outside looking in '' .  notre dame probes accusations that players submitted work done for them by others .  four football players can not practice , play pending result .
 u.s. couple cleared in child 's death leave qatar <sec> family spokesman tweets photo of matthew and grace huang on plane headed home .  huangs leave qatar after appellate court clears them in death of 8-year-old daughter .  there was delay in lifting travel ban that diplomatic sources blame on legal procedures .  prosecutor alleged huangs bought daughter cheaply in africa , starved her to deat .
 free parking for all ? smart parking meters hacked <sec> researchers find smart cards that access parking meters can be hacked .  joe grand and jake appelbaum present findings at black hat conference .  before smart cards , city was losing more than $ 3 million annually to theft .  researchers programmed cards to never deduct from transaction coun .
 opinion : the clock is ticking -- only days to solve crimea crisis <sec> daniel treisman : only a few days are left to stop the crimea breakaway .  he says if crimea votes to rejoin russia , that will greatly strengthen putin 's position .  u.s. and eu need to apply economic pressure , make the case for a `` no '' vote , he says .  treisman : crimea must see the choice is between prosperity and stagnatio .
 report blames pilot error for 2010 crash that killed polish president <sec> new : russian air traffic controllers gave incorrect information to the polish crew .  polish investigators say the air crew was poorly trained and unprepared for the flight .  the russian-made tupolev tu-154 crashed in russia 's smolensk region in april 2010 .  poland 's president and other dignitaries were en route to commemorate a wwii massacr .
 mugabe : war vets ready to fight for me <sec> president robert mugabe says war veterans will fight to prevent change .  opposition party 's no . .  2 facing treason charge after return to country .  mdc leader morgan tsvangirai was detained twice thursda .
 what is the respiratory disease enterovirus ev-d68 ? <sec> enterovirus ev-d68 is uncommon but not new .  it causes prominent respiratory symptoms , like a cold but worse .  people suffering from the disease should all get better , an expert says .  enteroviruses are very common , causing up to 15 million infections a year in the u.s .
 china and taiwan hold government-to-government talks for first time <sec> new taiwan and china agree to regular communication .  nanjing meeting marks the first government-to-government contact since 1949 split .  taiwan 's top china policymaker wang yu-chi will meet counterpart zhang zhijun .  group says two taiwan-based reporters have been excluded from covering tri .
 why 2015 will be defining year for india ( opinion ) <sec> ravi agrawal : india needs much more money and investment , likely from abroad .  the great unknown is how prime minister will respond to foreign policy crisis , he say .
 france 's hollande visits first lady as more claims about affair emerge <sec> new : francois hollande has visited valerie trierweiler at a hospital , his office says .  closer magazine publishes new claims about an affair involving the president .  it says hollande and actress julie gayet have been involved for two years .  gayet is suing closer for invasion of privacy over its report last wee .
 cnn student news transcript : may 2 , 2011 <sec> examine the circumstances surrounding a nato airstrike in libya .  tour some of the devastation in alabama following deadly storms .  meet a cnn steadicam operator in our career connections segment .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
