 'lone wolf ' terror suspect arrested in new york <sec> new : jose pimentel bought bomb ingredients at home depot and elsewhere , police say .  new : the al qaeda magazine he 'd read urged backers to take matters into their own hands .  pimentel , 27 , is suspected of plotting to attack u.s. veterans , police and post offices .  `` there is no evidence he worked with anyone else , '' mayor bloomberg say .
 rahm emanuel faces uphill battle to be chicago mayor <sec> rahm emanuel is leaving white house with ambition of becoming chicago 's mayor .  roland martin says it wo n't be as easy as some people think .  he says emanuel faces a challenging field and has some handicaps .  martin : emanuel will have to work to win confidence of chicago 's black populatio .
 third volunteer to receive experimental ebola vaccine <sec> a third volunteer will receive a dose of an ebola vaccine thursday .  food and drug administration approves the start of an ebola vaccine human safety trial .  this is the first test of this type of ebola vaccine in humans .  20 healthy volunteers will get the vaccine at the national institutes of health in marylan .
 chinese-australian artist guo jian held ahead of tiananmen anniversary <sec> artist guo jian detained by chinese authorities .  detention comes after publication of article in which artist criticized chinese army .  guo was a protester at the 1989 tiananmen crackdown .  latest artwork a commemoration of events in which hundreds of protesters were kille .
 10 places to relive beatlemania <sec> from india to the bahamas , beatles pilgrimages remain popular .  at the amsterdam hilton you can stay in john and yoko 's `` bed-in '' room .  chelyabinsk , russia , changed the name of a street from lenin to lennon .  strawberry fields in new york 's central park is a poignant spot for beatles fan .
 frank lautenberg dies ; was u.s. senate 's last ww ii vet <sec> political colleagues and foes describe frank lautenberg as a fighter .  lautenberg was a strong advocate for tougher gun laws .  the new jersey democrat was the last world war ii veteran in the senate .  gov . .  chris christie permitted under law to appoint temporary replacemen .
 mexico drug violence also hitting churches , prelate says <sec> priests are being threatened , extorted and abused by drug traffickers , monsignor says .  some priests have even been killed , said monsignor victor rene rodriguez .  in ciudad juarez , more than 100 priests have reported threats and extortion .  evangelical churches also are being targete .
 pentagon cancels deployment of 3,500 u.s. troops to iraq <sec> cancellation reflects improved conditions in iraq , official said .  iraqi elections wo n't delay scheduled withdrawals u.s. says , ambassador chris hill .  `` our plan is to draw down the troops as we 've said we 're going [ to ] do , '' says hill .  the united states plans to withdraw all its combat troops from iraq by augus .
 who raises pandemic alert level ; more swine flu cases feared <sec> new : eighty-two cases of swine flu confirmed by health officials worldwide .  u.s. urges travelers to avoid nonessential travel to mexico .  mexico health official : as many as 149 deaths may be from swine flu .  mexico closes all schools until at least may .
 castro 's house of horrors in cleveland being demolished <sec> new : ariel castro 's house razed ; site to be graded and seeded .  michelle knight releases balloons outside home before demolition begins .  plans call for the house to be torn down and the lot cleared in a single day .  castro , who held three women captive in the house , pleaded guilty to 937 count .
 u.n. : security situation in darfur worsens <sec> fighting is intensifying in the darfur region of sudan .  two large rebel groups wo n't participate in talks .  still , prospects for negotiations have improve .
 'cityville ' now bigger on facebook than 'farmville ' <sec> `` cityville '' has 16.8 million daily active users and `` farmville '' has 16.4 million .  zynga 's `` frontierville '' and `` texas holdem poker '' also round out the top five .  the only non-zynga app in the top five list is `` phrases .
 a bra that could detect cancer <sec> new bra has sensors that pick up temperature changes in breast tissue .  its maker , first warning systems , says it can alert doctors to cancer cells .  doctors say the system is n't ready to be fully trusted ye .
 white house tweaks post-2014 afghanistan role <sec> the new york times : obama decides to extend u.s. combat role in afghanistan .  previously , the president had said combat operations would end in 2014 .  official tells cnn that u.s. troops will `` continue to engage in operations in self-defense '' .  operation enduring freedom website says 2,351 u.s. soldiers have died in afghanista .
 merciful storekeeper changes robber 's mind , religion <sec> long island storekeeper mohammad sohail faces man wielding baseball bat .  sohail grabs shotgun ; stunned man begins to cry , says he has no food at home .  man 's story tugs at sohail 's heartstrings , and he offers man money , bread , milk .  after act of compassion , man says he wants to become a muslim like sohai .
 60 slain in iraq bombings <sec> new : pilgrims are also targeted in the shiite heartland .  three bombs explode in sadr city .  two more explode in northern baghdad shiite area .  fears intensify over sunni-shiite sectarian violenc .
 iggy pop : a lust for life <sec> iggy pop and the stooges produced three classic albums in the 60s and 70s .  in 1975 , iggy checked himself into a mental institution in a bid to get off heroin .  david bowie co-wrote and produced iggy 's the idiot and lust for life albums .  the stooges re-united in 2003 and have since played all over the worl .
 bombings kill 20 in baghdad ; sunni activist slain in mosul <sec> new : four bombings kill at least 20 in baghdad on wednesday , 16 of them at wedding party .  10 also killed in mosul , including activist shot to death , two killed by car bomb .  three bodies , apparently tortured and hanged , recovered from tigris river in mosul .  more than 350 people killed in iraq in may as sunni-shiite discord rise .
 marry girls when they 're '15 or 16 , ' said 'duck dynasty ' star <sec> `` you got to marry these girls when they are about 15 or 16 , '' phil robertson says in old video .  the clip was originally posted in 2009 , then posted again to youtube on monday .  this month , robertson drew ire with controversial comments about homosexuality , race .  hln has reached out to the `` duck dynasty '' family for comment but has not heard bac .
 new study maps sea turtle danger zones <sec> new report reveals northern indian ocean as area where most sea turtles under threat .  report is first comprehensive status assessment of global sea turtle populations .  east pacific ocean also a danger zone for turtles along with east atlantic ocean .  australia , mexico and brazil among areas where sea turtles are fairing better , report say .
 thousands evacuated as huge arizona wildfire swells by 40,000 acres <sec> new : a fire official says the next 2 to 3 days will likely continue to be difficult .  new : a deputy sheriff urges people in the area to prepare to evacuate .  the fire has scorched more than 233,522 acres in eastern arizona .  about 3,000 people in eastern arizona have been told to evacuat .
 family : no signs of long-term drinking in driver in fatal crash <sec> autopsy shows no signs of heavy alcohol use , investigator for driver 's family says .  investigator says diane schuler not known as heavy drinker .  schuler , 7 others killed in head-on collision as she drove wrong way on parkway .  schuler had high levels of alcohol , marijuana in system during crash , officials sa .
 typhoon usagi hits southern china , killing at least 25 <sec> typhoon usagi damaged hundreds of houses in guangdong province .  more than 200,000 people had to be relocated because of the storm .  hong kong , which had been in its path , avoided a severe impact .  airlines are scrambling to deal with hundreds of canceled flight .
 some petition to cancel duggars ' '19 kids ' <sec> as of thursday the petition had more than 80,000 signatures .  the duggars are known as devout christians .  the petition also mentions their son 's new jo .
 cnn student news - january 28 , 2015 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 morocco 's riad hotels : private palaces for travelers <sec> expats are mostly responsible for restoration of over 1,000 of morocco 's ancient courtyard houses .  entrances to riads are often a plain door in a tiny alley , offering no clue to wonders within .  la maison arabe is marrakech 's first riad hotel with a renowned moroccan cooking schoo .
 why the rift in clinton-land matters - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the public rift in clinton land has led some to question whether pro-clinton super pacs can continue to work together .  the groups were founded to work in concert with one another with tacit support from the clintons .  tensions were still simmering after two days of negative headlines for the collective group .
 brazil 2014 : got , got , need -- how stickers took the world cup by storm <sec> panini world cup stickers have taken the football world by storm .  people of all ages engaged in world cup tradition .  produces 25 million packets of stickers a day -- 750 million stickers a week .  makes enough stickers to stretch to the moo .
 florida jury awards $ 23.6 billion in smoking lawsuit <sec> nw florida jury awards cynthia robinson $ 23.6 billion .  she sued r.j. reynolds , claiming company did not warn of smoking dangers .  her husband started smoking at age 13 and was 36 when he died in 1996 .  r.j. reynolds calls it a `` runaway verdict , '' says it will appea .
 soldiers pulled from iraq duty , sent straight to afghanistan <sec> troops had n't even finished painting their emblem when they got orders to move .  redeployment put strain on battalion , trained to clear mines and bombs from roads .  cnn traveled with troops as they flew from one war zone to the next .  soldiers say they are ready for the new mission in the new battlefiel .
 lawsuit : shut down fake olympic ticket web sites <sec> usoc , ioc claim fake ticket sites have bilked customers using their trademark .  sites www.beijingticketing.com and www.beijing-2008tickets.com named in suit .  one site claims `` we assure 100 % guaranteed tickets delivery .
 is your voice boss enough ? <sec> a new study shows that the lower a ceo 's voice , the larger his company and paychecks tend to be .  it is still unclear why lower-voiced ceos are more successful .  image consultants say executives can learn to alter voice pitch .  leaders can also convey power by how they dres .
 novak djokovic sits it out as czechs take crucial lead in davis cup <sec> czech republic take 2-1 lead in davis cup final in belgrade .  tomas berdych and radek stepanek win crucial doubles .  serbia rest novak djokovic ahead of reverse singles .  berdych and stepanek beat bozoljac and zimonjic in straight set .
 sneak peek : harry potter 's diagon alley <sec> diagon alley at universal studios florida expands the wizarding world of harry potter .  a new ride , escape from gringotts , is at the center of this part of the experience .  general admission to universal studios includes diagon alley but not hogsmeade .  park-to-park admission is required to visit both diagon alley and hogsmead .
 rescuers begin search for 14 trapped mexican miners <sec> new : mexico 's labor secretary says chilean experts will visit the site wednesday .  new : in a twitter post , he says the mine had 25 employees and had operated for 20 days .  new : rescuers plan to work all night at the mine , located in northern mexico .  the fate of the miners inside is unknow .
 white house : no contact with aliens , but we 're looking <sec> the white house says extraterrestrials have not contacted the human race .  the u.s. government says there 's no evidence of life outside our planet .  thousands sign a petition asking for a government response on alien contact .  many americans believe in an extraterrestrial presenc .
 la casa azul : witness to a personal history <sec> frida kahlo was born in la casa azul and lived there with diego rivera .  the house contains the bed where an injured kahlo started to paint .  an entire room in the home is dedicated to communist paraphernali .
 was obama 's comet a one-time thing ? <sec> alex castellanos says it takes some guesswork to predict outcome of such a close election .  he says several factors make mitt romney more likely to win .  romney has made progress in reducing gender gap and may have an edge with independents .  castellanos : obama has n't cracked 50 % barrier , and his 2008 win looks unlikely to repea .
 google is endangering police officers ( opinion ) <sec> david a. clarke jr. and jonathan thompson : why does google have an app that ambushes police ? .  with waze , we are confronted with a tool that can be lethal to police officers and deputie .
 2014 oscar predictions : insiders ' knowledge put to the test <sec> `` 12 years a slave , '' `` gravity , '' `` american hustle '' are oscar front-runners .  each film has route to the big prize .  voting for oscar only partly about art ; it 's often about personalities .  86th academy awards scheduled for sunday nigh .
 pachauri : stern stance on china climate talks 'pragmatic ' <sec> ipcc chairman noted `` positive direction '' of climate change talks in bonn .  delegates met in bonn last week to lay groundwork for global climate deal .  climate talks in copenhagen in december aim to forge post-kyoto agreement .  pachauri : `` i do n't see what a tougher stance ( with china ) would do .
 review : good performance and price from hp 's media desktop <sec> the hp pavilion media center tv m8120n retails for $ 1,150 .  it boasts a quad-core intel processor and outstanding overall performance .  no next-gen optical drive on this retail model , little room for future expansio .
 snake robot offers new twist on nuclear cleanup <sec> snake-arm robot aims to `` reach the unreachable '' according to uk creators .  nuclear industry has used the equipment for maintenance and inspections .  oc robotics says robot could help cleanup at fukushima power plant in japan .  robot could be used for open orifice surgery in the futur .
 review : 'frost/nixon ' makes for fine viewing <sec> `` frost/nixon '' features great performances by frank langella , michael sheen .  film is dramatization of david frost 's 1977 interviews with ex-president nixon .  though movie is sometimes glib , acting raises it to a high leve .
 europe warned of mumbai-style terror attacks <sec> new : clapper : we 're not going to comment on specific intelligence .  man talks about a `` mumbai-style '' attack in europe , official says .  he attended the same mosque in hamburg as 9/11 hijacker atta .  europe plot is one factor in the increase in drone attacks in pakista .
 venezuela charges 2 in shooting of u.s. officials <sec> two suspects face attempted murder charges in shooting at caracas strip club .  carlos mejias blanco and windy fabiani mejias are accused of shooting u.s. officials .  the state department said the officials ' injuries were not life-threatenin .
 vermont yankee nuclear plant to be shut <sec> `` this asset is not financially viable , '' owner entergy says .  the 40-year-old plant employs 630 workers .  decommissioning will probably take decade .
 jerusalem ramps up security after deadly synagogue attack <sec> wounded canadian-israeli man in a coma , ctv reports .  two palestinian cousins entered a jerusalem synagogue with knives and a gun .  four worshipers and a policeman were killed ; seven other people were wounded .  palestinian authority president condemns the attack ; israeli pm says it 's `` not enough .
 gov . bobby jindal 's volcano remark has some fuming <sec> jindal stands by statement that volcano appropriation is questionable .  mayor of vancouver , washington , says volcano near his town still spits , coughs .  `` we do n't throw the money down the crater of the volcano , '' researcher says .  $ 140 million appropriation for u.s. geological survey also used on equipmen .
 boehner challenger puffs confidence - cnnpolitics.com <sec> yoho said he has more than a dozen votes and more will vote against boehner on tuesday .  at least 29 republicans need to vote against boehner for voting to head into a second round .  yoho painted his challenge as a rebuke of the status quo leadershi .
 court rejects vatican bank appeal against seizure of funds <sec> prosecutors seized about $ 30 million in transactions last month over money-laundering fears .  the vatican says there was a misunderstanding and appealed against the seizure .  pope benedict xvi is standing by the head of the bank , the vatican says .  it 's `` the most secret bank in the world , '' says a money-laundering exper .
 could arthritis drug lead to a cure for baldness ? <sec> kyle rhodes was diagnosed with alopecia areata at age 2 .  rhodes lost all the hair on his head and body by 18 .  his doctor gave him a drug usually used to treat rheumatoid arthritis .  drug may offer hope to others with alopecia areata , but it also can have harsh side effect .
 president barack obama heads to 'the colbert report ' <sec> colbert will interview president obama on monday at the george washington university .  the interview will be the president 's first on the program .  first lady michelle obama previously appeared in 2012 .  the comedy central show has just eight episodes left before it end .
 lionel messi breaks barcelona record <sec> lionel messi scores hat-trick in barcelona victory .  messi became club 's highest ever goalscorer with 371 goals .  ac milan beaten 4-2 by parma in serie a .  milan unlikely to qualify for european competition next seaso .
 garrido victim : 'he had me for 8 hours . he had her for 18 years ' <sec> phillip garrido was convicted for kidnapping , raping katie callaway hall in 1976 .  hall : `` i want to scream from the depths of my soul '' knowing he struck again .  hall was kept in a storage facility for eight hours when a cop came to help .  victim : `` i hate that he did this to me , and i doubt i 'll ever get over it .
 nearly 10,000 flights canceled since holiday blizzard began <sec> nearly 10,000 flights have been canceled since saturday .  at least 1,335 flights were canceled on tuesday .  more than 1,000 abandoned vehicles are removed from new york interstates .  new york is now facing shortages in blood supplies , the city 's mayor sai .
 'taliban american ' asks bush to commute prison sentence <sec> new : father : `` we think everyone should agree that seven years is enough '' .  john walker lindh has served seven years of 20-year sentence .  lindh joined taliban , was captured in afghanistan in 2001 .  lindh said in 2002 he realized he made a mistake by joining taliba .
 google knows too much about you <sec> google recently changed its privacy policy to consolidate user 's data .  frida ghitis : if americans paid more attention , they would be troubled by the new policy .  ghitis : our private information belongs to us and nobody else -- not to google , not to facebook .  she says we should follow europe 's example and call for changes in la .
 welcome to the muddle east ( opinion ) <sec> geography has left u.s. with very skewed view of the world , aaron miller says .  much of the arab world is melting down , he says .  miller : america will have its hands full in the region for years to com .
 fbi resumes michigan dig in latest hunt for hoffa <sec> new : alleged mobster who tipped off police says he hopes his `` good friend '' is exhumed .  search has ended for the night , will resume wednesday morning .  concrete slabs are removed during the dig , a source says .  hoffa , then 62 , was last seen on july 30 , 1975 , outside a detroit-area restauran .
 charges against indian diplomat devyani khobragade dismissed <sec> new : india welcomes the ruling .  devyani khobragade was accused of lying on a visa application .  that search sparked outrage in india , with officials there demanding an apology .  khobragade had diplomatic immunity , so the charges ca n't stand , judge find .
 the ever changing world of music sharing <sec> big record labels now allow fans to play their songs free on social networking sites .  skype users can now opt to display whatever song they 're playing on itunes .  tinysong.com has song search that creates urls where they can be played free .  some clubs allow customers to dock their ipods into sound system to play tune .
 witnesses : helicopters seemed fine before collision <sec> new : ntsb says witnesses saw no problems with either craft before collision .  suspect in police chase arraigned ; bail set at $ 1 million .  helicopters following police chase collided over phoenix , arizona .  two pilots , two photographers for two stations kille .
 separatists most likely fired missile , analysis says <sec> preliminary analysis concludes missile was from a russian-made system , official says .  u.s. intelligence has concluded that pro-russian separatists have a buk system , official says .  `` all the indications are it was fired from inside eastern ukraine , '' official say .
