 paolo di canio under scrutiny over 'fascist ' views <sec> sunderland defend appointment of new manager paolo di canio .  italian is proud of his fascist beliefs and is an admirer of benito mussolini .  `` i 'm not in the houses of parliament , i 'm not a political person , i will only talk about football , '' says di canio . .  di canio 's views cost his former club swindon a key sponsorship dea .
 cnn heroes : sharing the spotlight <sec> who do celebrities think of as their heroes ? .  cnn heroes asked stars to tell us about those who inspire them .  this year 's celebrities includes previous cnn heroes participant .
 why your next phone might be bendable <sec> last week , nokia demoed a prototype device that lets you bend and twist the screen .  flexible displays are durable and pave the way for new input methods .  the cheaper , thinner and more durable screens become , the more uses we 'll find for the .
 lupita nyong'o 's dress possibly recovered <sec> actress lupita nyong'o said the dress she wore to the sunday oscars had been stolen .  los angeles authorities got a tip and found a dress that looked like hers in a hotel bathroo .
 so scary ! revelers team up for awesome costumes <sec> teamwork dresses up group costumes for halloween .  many ireporters devoted a lot of time and effort into perfecting their costumes .  check out all of ireport 's great group halloween costume submission .
 cricket banker charged in 'global fraud ' <sec> robert allen stanford charged in alleged multi-billion dollar fraud .  securities and exchange commission says probe is continuing .  sec alleges fraud of 'shocking magnitude that spread tentacles throughout world ' .  stanford is the tycoon who bankrolled the cricket twenty20 super serie .
 in school speech , obama says education key to country 's future <sec> speech posted on web site monday for parents , pundits to view .  obama says , `` no matter what you want to do ... you 'll need an education '' .  secretary of education arne duncan : `` silly '' of parents to keep kids out of school .  minnesota gov . .  tim pawlenty : speech could cause first-day `` disruption .
 group demands california high school change 'arab ' mascot <sec> new : superintendent says mascot 's caricature may be changed as a compromise .  mascot reflects middle east influences on the area 's date orchards , alum says .  coachella valley produces 95 % of u.s. dates , cultivated from mideast shoots .  group says use of arabs as a mascot is a `` gross stereotyping .
 bartender helps turn wine to water in developing world <sec> bartender raises funds and awareness for clean drinking water projects .  doc hendley helps communities build clean water wells and sanitation systems .  he has travelled to sudan , ethiopia , uganda and cambodia .  vote now for the cnn hero of the year at cnn.com/heroe .
 how billions failed to fix uk 's car industry <sec> uk governments spent billions trying to help troubled british leyland group .  blmc formed in 1968 but margaret thatcher privatized it .  however mg rover went bust in 2005 , later sold to a chinese compan .
 single mothers , stand proud <sec> michele weldon says on mother 's day , single motherhood should be celebrated .  she says popular culture consigns kids of single moms to failure , but there 's more to story .  she says kids of single moms have challenges , but studies show many do very well .  weldon says she 's a single mom of three flourishing young men , productive and happ .
 serena slams tennis chief for 'sexist and racist ' slur <sec> serena williams criticizes shamil tarpischev for `` sexist '' remarks .  tarpischev called serena and her sister venus the `` williams brothers '' on a tv show .  maria sharapova also slams her fellow russian for his comments .  andy murray and tomas berdych in key atp victorie .
 north korea claims it arrested 2 south korean spies <sec> two men accused of committing crimes of `` terrorism '' and bringing in forged currency .  south korea 's national intelligence service denies clai .
 'no stadium , no match ' - fifa issues threat to brazil world cup city <sec> fifa warns of `` emergency situation '' in world cup host city curitiba as construction slows .  builders are given new deadline of february 18 to show progress at the arena de baixada .  brazil 's ministry of sport pledges to upscale work and inject an extra $ 16.5 million .  the 2014 world cup begins on june 12 when hosts brazil take on croatia in sao paul .
 environmentalists want obama to steer clear of congress on climate change <sec> activists push for obama to focus more on executive orders and epa regulations than on legislation . .  president made little mention of climate policy in 2012 campaign and outlined few climate policy plans .  superstorm sandy returned climate change to the political conversation just before the election .  one advocate anticipates obama will reveal some detail about his environmental agenda in the state of the union addres .
 3 american hikers detained by iran named <sec> new : joshua fattal , shane bauer and sarah shourd detained by iranians .  fellow travel companion shon meckfessel felt sick , stayed behind in iraq .  americans accused of illegally entering iran from iraq 's kurdish region , state tv says .  detainees were backpackers who blundered over border , hotel owner say .
 9/11 commission : 'terrorism is not going away ' <sec> americans do n't realize the terrorist threat they face , a new report says .  get used to `` strenuous counterterrorism efforts , '' the 9/11 commission says .  it issued a new assessment 10 years after its report on the 9/11 terrorist attacks .  cyber attacks have become a major threat , the new report say .
 lawyer : pardoned murderer 'not going ' back to mississippi for hearing <sec> joseph ozment was one of some 200 mississippi inmates pardoned .  the pardons were issued last month by outgoing gov . .  haley barbour .  the state attorney general is challenging the pardons .  ozment , now in wyoming , will not attend a hearing in mississippi , his lawyer say .
 the arab league : no longer toothless ? <sec> for much of its history , the arab league has been viewed as a weak regional power .  the group has come down hard on syria , however , suspending it in november .  after sanctions and a failed monitoring mission , it is now turning to the u.n .
 mexicans in u.s. sending less money home , bank says <sec> bank : mexicans in u.s. sent 12.2 percent less money back to mexico than last august .  some economists predict the drop will increase by year 's end to 20 percent .  after oil exports , remittances are mexico 's second-largest source of foreign currency .  some migrant workers are opting to return to mexic .
 new photos show a relaxed , smiling giffords <sec> new : gabrielle giffords ' abilities are improving all the time , her spokesman says .  new : but he cautions her road to recovery will be a long one .  giffords will stay in texas for outpatient therapy .  the photos were taken the day before her skull surger .
 michael brown : what to know as grand jury takes case <sec> a grand jury could soon start considering the case of darren wilson .  the ferguson , missouri , police officer fatally shot michael brown , 18 .  grand jury proceedings are secret , with no judge or defense lawyers .  9 of 12 grand jurors must agree on probable cause to press charge .
 unresolved problems still surround japan 's fukushima nuclear disaster <sec> fukushima officials must figure out what to do with increasing amounts of radioactive water .  there are questions about lingering effects for people near the facility during meltdowns .  experts do n't know exactly how to remove molten nuclear fuel from the melted down reactor .
 nigerian election pushed back a week <sec> late arrival of voting material has forced the delays .  the election commission chairman had apologized for the delay .  the election is the most expensive in nigerian histor .
 a day in the life of a creative renaissance woman <sec> anna rabinowicz studies things she 's interested in and makes art out of them .  she studies , sketches , models and completes the project .  rabinowicz : `` if it 's easy to create , someone has probably already created it .
 torture victim exposes bangladesh abuses <sec> journalist and rights activist tasneem khalil tells of beatings in bangladesh .  khalil : the pain often came like shocks , they were beating me so hard .  rights group says tens of thousands of people detained in 200 .
 woman with flu loses her life 3 weeks after losing baby <sec> cdc recommends all pregnant women get flu shots .  does n't matter what trimester of pregnancy , flu shot is safe .  woman 's husband said she was scheduled to get a flu sho .
 johnson stuns woods to claim world golf challenge <sec> zach johnson wins at first extra hole to deny woods a sixth win in 2013 .  johnson holes out from 65 yards at 72nd hole for par to force playoff .  thomas bjorn wins the nedbank challenge in south africa by two stroke .
 egypt 's cycle of violence threatens to destroy country 's economy <sec> egypt 's cycle of violence is tearing the country apart and threatening its economy .  the country 's key drivers of growth , tourism and foreign investment , are under pressure .  tourists are leaving , aid is under question and foreign investment is dropping .  the country can not afford its economy to go into tailspi .
 suspect in $ 7 million robbery arrested after decades as fugitive <sec> norberto gonzalez claudio is arrested in puerto rico .  he is accused of participating in a 1983 connecticut robbery that netted $ 7 million .  fbi : the suspect is believed to be a member of the terrorist group los macheteros .  the group seeks puerto rican independence , the fbi say .
 murray defense cross-examines propofol expert <sec> new : defense anesthesiology expert faces a contempt of court hearing .  new : dr. steven shafer says michael jackson could have turned the fatal iv drip on himself .  new : if jackson infused himself with propofol , dr. conrad murray 's still guilty , shafer says .  murray 's involuntary manslaughter trial could to go the jury the end of next wee .
 the earth is full <sec> paul gilding : the demands we place on the environment far exceed its capacity .  he says we are heading for a day when economic growth will reach its limit on earth .  it makes sense to start planning for changes needed to adapt to the coming crisis , he says .  gilding : allies ' response in world war ii showed our capability to change quickly and surviv .
 youtube restricts video access over libyan violence <sec> film trailer blamed for violence in libya that leaves u.s. ambassador dead .  new : youtube blocks the video in libya and egypt .  new : the video does not breach youtube 's community guideline .
 what 's your pin ? fans to choose course setup for pga championship <sec> golf fans given chance to have direct role in course setup at oak hill country club .  will be able to vote online for one of four pins at the par-three 15th at next month 's major .  jack nicklaus to help voters with words of advice ahead of season 's final major .  the 95th pga championship set to take place from august 8-1 .
 taliban , pakistan make permanent truce in volatile valley <sec> government , militants agree to make 10-day cease-fire permanent .  establishment of strict islamic law is key to agreement .  school for boys to reopen soon ; education of girls still up in the air .  on radio , taliban spokesman suggests cease-fire not a done dea .
 apple fans mark 25 years of mac devotion <sec> saturday marks the 25th anniversary of the first macintosh computer .  apple launched the mac in 1984 with ridley scott 's landmark super bowl xviii ad .  steve jobs is credited for cult-like worship seen in tattoos , collections , macquariums .  fans flock to macworld expos , apple store openings and hoard ebay purchase .
 'ice wars ' heating up the arctic <sec> tension is building in the arctic , where countries are vying for valuable natural resources .  more oil , natural gas and mineral deposits can be accessed now because of climate change .  there have been territorial disputes over the underwater land where these deposits rest .  the arctic is now seeing naval and military activities it has n't seen since the cold wa .
 a traditional igbo wedding in nigeria <sec> before a traditional igbo wedding can take place , the fathers negotiate a symbolic price for the bride .  the bride carries a cup of palm wine to her groom during the ceremony .  guests throw money once the ceremony is complete .
 opinion : are we heading toward a post-christian middle east ? <sec> christians have been targeted in egypt , syria and libya .  bergen : egypt 's christians largely supported the coup that overturned morsy regime .  in turn , christians have been attacked by islamists over the past week , he says .  bergen : the region has become increasingly hostile to non-muslim .
 so , about that asteroid near earth ... <sec> asteroid will fly by earth on february 15 .  nasa : 9,672 objects have been classified as near earth objects .  the osiris-rex mission will take a sample from a different asteroid and bring it bac .
 st pauli stun hannover to go sixth in bundesliga <sec> st pauli beat hannover 96 1-0 to go sixth in the german bundesliga table .  marius ebbers heads the only goal of the game after six minutes .  hannover 's karim haggui is sent off for a professional foul on mathias lehman .
 delay a factor in michael jackson 's death , doctor says <sec> new : sleep expert says using propofol to treat insomnia is `` beyond comprehension '' .  michael jackson would be alive now if murray called 911 quicker , doctor says .  cardiologist cites six examples of murray 's gross negligence in jackson 's death .  defense still contends jackson may have injected himself with the fatal dos .
 body painting is more cover-up than exposure <sec> artists compete in 2011 north american body painting championship in texas .  they turn human bodies into colorful canvases for prize money .  say their art is misunderstood and is not about nudity .  artists say body curves and movement are challengin .
 scenarios for snowden : escape , arrest , asylum <sec> time is running out for snowden before his 90-day hong kong tourist visa expires .  experts say he may have already approached the unhcr for refugee status .  u.s. authorities are yet to issue an arrest warrant for the 29-year-old leaker .  snowden exposed details of secret nsa surveillance program .
 mutai smashes london marathon record as kenyans dominate <sec> kenyans dominate london race with emmanuel mutai and mary keitany winning .  mutai claims his first major marathon victory with fifth-fastest time run by a man .  keitany wins women 's race by 56 seconds in fourth quickest time by a female .  british event attracts more than 35,000 competitors ahead of 2012 olympic .
 kennedy aide : romney 's views on religion very different from jfk 's <sec> ted sorensen helped draft kennedy 's 1960 speech on roman catholicism .  gop presidential hopeful mitt romney delivers speech on faith in politics .  kennedy , romney views on religion differ greatly , sorensen says .  sorensen says kennedy viewed religion as more of a private matte .
 what the supreme court ruled on health care 'tax ' <sec> the supreme court rejected arguments that the individual mandate involves a `` penalty '' .  the mandate `` looks like a tax in many respects , '' chief justice john roberts wrote .  the obama administration argued that it 's a penalty but also could be viewed as a tax .  the court said the anti-injunction act does not appl .
 is german politics becoming americanized ? <sec> german campaigns are using strategies from the u.s. to make politics more exciting , potts says .  unlike in the u.s. , most german parties release just one minute-and-a-half ad for the election .  germans have always oscillated between fascination with and scepticism of american politic .
 brooke astor 's son sentenced to prison <sec> anthony marshall sentenced monday to one to three years in prison .  marshall was convicted of bilking mom brooke astor of money before her death .  he faced a minimum one to three years , or as much as eight to 25 years in state prison .  whoopi goldberg , al roker among those who asked for a compassionate sentenc .
 jose canseco claims finger falls off playing poker <sec> jose canseco tweets about a recent incident at a poker tournament .  he claims part of the finger he 'd accidentally shot had fallen off .  canseco says the finger fragment was `` very loose , '' smelled bad .  the baseball slugger was a central figure in mlb 's steroids controvers .
 madrid plane burst into flames after runway skid <sec> video of spanair md-82 which crashed in madrid shows plane got off the ground .  video shows plane bursting into flames after runway skid , source says .  dna tests will be used to identify victims from madrid air crash .  153 people died when spanair flight crashed wednesday during takeof .
 china 's hu tops forbes 'most powerful ' list <sec> the magazine uses four criteria to define power .  hu presides over one-fifth of the world 's population .  osama bin laden also makes the lis .
 north dakota paper reverses ban on same-sex wedding ads <sec> editor : fargo forum will publish notices of legally recognized same-sex marriages .  change comes after fargo couple criticized paper for rejecting their ad .  their ad will run in the forum after the couple marries in new york , couple says .  `` we are very proud of our community and everyone who supported us , '' couple say .
 female reporters in male sports world <sec> pioneering women broke the gender barrier in sports coverage , says jenni carlson .  she says interviewing athletes in locker rooms is vital to the job .  much progress has been made but some reporters still face harassment , she say .
 inside n. korea : water park , sacred site and minders <sec> cnn is in pyongyang for the international pro wrestling festival .  organized by japanese wrestling star turned politician kanji `` antonio '' inoki .  new : cnn visits water park and birth site of north korea 's founder .  relations between japan and north korea are starting to tha .
 wind farm firm to add 100 jobs with tax credit help <sec> ohio company gets $ 400,000 tax credit to hire workers .  pennsylvania program will train veterans in welding skills .  indiana bioscience company looks to hire 125 peopl .
 hearing set for monday in lohan case <sec> arrest warrant was issued for actress lindsay lohan in beverly hills on friday .  warrant believed connected with possible probation violation , d.a . .  's office says .  lohan 's attorney blames misunderstanding .  actress was convicted of drunken driving in 200 .
 jindal earns bad reviews in national debut <sec> critics say jindal appeared at best off-balance , at worst downright amateur .  an opposition party 's response rarely wins wide praise .  some republicans praised the content of jindal 's speech .  white house veteran ed rollins says he 'd never advise a client to give the rebutta .
 boy , 10 , thwarts robbery attempt <sec> two armed men try to rob residents in brooklyn .  boy , 10 , fires gun after one assailant drops i .
 hurricane gonzalo moves toward bermuda <sec> hurricane gonzalo is churning through the north atlantic .  wind speeds are hitting 140 mph .  ana will threaten hawaii over the weeken .
 pakistan blast kills 7 <sec> the blast took place in a thoroughfare to cities such as karachi .  a police officer says a bomb was planted in a ca .
 alaska airlines bans napping luggage handler <sec> the ramp agent fell asleep in the plane 's cargo hold .  he can no longer work on alaska airlines flight .
 former philippine president corazon aquino dead at 76 <sec> new : funeral arrangements are being set up , spokeswoman says .  president gloria macapagal arroyo announces 10-day mourning period .  aquino had been battling colon cancer since march 2008 .  she took up opposition to marcos regime after her husband 's 1983 assassinatio .
 cnn crew detained amid chinese tibet crackdown <sec> new : chinese authorities black out a cnn report on the situation in tibet .  buddhist nuns and monks have been carrying out ritual self-immolation .  they are protesting against what they claim is the ongoing oppression by chinese authorities .  beijing says these are dangerous men determined to tear tibet from chin .
