 bollywood in shock over star 's 'suicide ' <sec> indian police are treating actress ' death as suicide .  jiah khan 's mother found her body at her home last week .  khan left a suicide note pouring out private details of her life .  police have arrested her boyfriend on suspicion of abetting suicid .
 former uruguayan president sentenced to 30 years <sec> juan maria bordaberry assumed presidency in 1972 .  he backed a military coup in 1973 that kept him in power .  judge convicts him of political homicide , forced disappearance .  military pushes bordaberry out in 197 .
 vanessa williams reflects on motherhood , struggle and stardom <sec> vanessa williams and her mother , helen , have a new book out for mother 's day .  it details their complex relationship and how they survived scandal and success .  while they 're very different people , vanessa takes some of her parenting traits from hele .
 young brothers , 'denied refuge , ' swept to death by sandy <sec> two brothers , four and two , died after being swept away by floodwaters during sandy .  their mother said she had sought shelter at a nearby house , but was turned away .  the homeowner has said he only saw a man outside , and could not help him .  he said the mother , glenda moore , should not have been driving during the stor .
 birmingham : police targeting payments <sec> new : birmingham say police investigation involves agent and two footballers .  club temporarily suspend shares amid corruption probe by the english police .  co-owner david sullivan and managing director karren brady both interviewed .  police raided city in march as part of investigation into corruption in footbal .
 virginia executes killer who sent taunting letter <sec> paul warner powell was convicted of murdering stacie reed and raping her sister .  afterward , he wrote a taunting letter to the prosecutor giving new details of the crime .  in a second trial , his admission of attempted rape of stacie got him the death penalty .  the u.s. supreme court in january refused to block the executio .
 autumn color around the world <sec> ireporters share great shots of fall foliage .  mark collier of vermont was late to appreciating his state 's splendid display .  share your travel photos with cnn irepor .
 uk 's paignton zoo bans monkeys from eating bananas for health reasons <sec> paignton zoo in devon takes bananas out of its monkeys ' diet .  zoo says the high sugar content of bananas grown for humans is bad for monkeys .  since bananas were banned , the monkeys ' coats and tempers have improve .
 latin america 's first gay marriage halted <sec> freyre and di bello 's marriage was to coincide with world aids day on tuesday .  they would attempt to get their wedding license anyway , telam reported .  original ruling was that a ban on same-sex marriage was illegal .  court : injunction is temporary measure to postpone marriage pending review of original rulin .
 neck injury forces singer jason derulo to cancel tour <sec> jason derulo has been forced to cancel all upcoming promotions and his world tour .  release says he performed an acrobatic move and landed on his head .  tickets for his upcoming shows will be refunded at the point of sale , release say .
 why american-us airways deal is good <sec> american and us airways recently announced their $ 11 billion merger .  pablo spiller : is this the kiss of death to the legacy airline industry ? .  he says consumers will likely get more choices and improved quality of service .  spiller : this merger , the last of the large airlines ' merger wave , is good overal .
 'golden rice bowl ' attracts china 's best and brightest <sec> more than one million took china 's national civil service exam on sunday .  it 's a tradition that dates back 1,300 years to china 's imperial bureaucracy .  competition is fierce , with only 19,000 jobs available .  central government jobs are often described as a `` golden rice bowl '' for their stable income and benefit .
 opinion : will boehner make history with immigration reform ? <sec> julian zelizer : all eyes have turned to the house to see if immigration bill will pass .  zelizer : this is a massive opportunity for house speaker john boehner to make history .  he says boehner has several tools to shore up support so the key legislation can pass .  zelizer : all speakers face historic turning points , and immigration is boehner ' .
 sizzling stoner seals motegi pole <sec> casey stoner will start sunday 's japan grand prix at front of the grid .  honda star sets new lap record at motegi as he heads off jorge lorenzo .  riders have raised more than $ 140,000 for the `` we are for japan '' campaign .  stars had initially refused to compete in japan due to radiation fear .
 clashes kill 2 in western kenyan after election verdict <sec> the rest of the country is relatively calm after the ruling .  the deaths occurred in kisumu , the stronghold of raila odinga .  protesters took to the streets after the supreme court retained kenyatta 's victory .  the ruling ends a drawn-out case that has riveted the natio .
 'not picture-perfect ' dad was wonderful <sec> filmmaker dana glazer feared ralph benitez would steal his phone when they first met .  benitez 's stature grew as glazer learned more about his role as a father .  the latino dad opened his home as a safe haven to neighbor kids .  benitez was part of a documentary of fatherhood . .  he died in 200 .
 philippine volcano erupts twice in 24 hours <sec> philippine seismologists declare alert level 1 for mount bulusan volcano .  volcano erupted twice in 24 hours .  nearby villagers warned to stay out of `` permanent danger zone .
 cdc : tainted eggs may have sickened hundreds in recent months <sec> illnesses since july 17 may not yet be reported .  the cdc estimates hundreds of americans have been rendered ill by contaminated eggs .  iowa 's wright county egg has recalled 380 million eggs due to salmonella concerns .  the u.s. egg industry produced about 6.5 billion eggs in apri .
 first woman to cross antarctic solo : i 've never felt so alone <sec> british explorer felicity aston became first woman to ski solo across antarctica .  she says the biggest challenge was coping with the long-term solitude .  aston had to deal with hallucinations and frustration to complete the expeditio .
 breakfast , lunch and hugs at tim 's place <sec> tim harris was born with down syndrome .  he operates tim 's place restaurant in new mexico .  `` tim hugs '' are on the menu ; he 's given out more than 40,00 .
 tropical storm haikui strikes china 's east coast <sec> `` the rain is the bigger impact going forward , '' says cnni meteorologist taylor ward .  some 374,000 people have been evacuated from shanghai .  another 250,000 have been evacuated from zhejiang .  haikui is the third tropical storm to hit china 's east coast in less than a wee .
 sclc meeting to discuss its president 's status <sec> `` his status is uncertain , '' spokesman says of isaac newton farris jr . .  farris has been sclc president since the death of his predecessor last year .  the rev . .  martin luther king jr. was farris ' uncle .  the organization has gone though internal strife in recent year .
 bobby jindal : the right 's unlikely common core hero - cnnpolitics.com <sec> just a few years ago , the governor of louisiana was an enthusiastic supporter of common core .  now , bobby jindal is leading the charge against the program .  why the switch ? .  `` it was n't what we had been promised .
 newsquiz : week of march 4 <sec> use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student news .  write your answers in the space provided .  today 's newsquiz includes the media literacy question of the da .
 pakistanis return home after fighting ends in dir valley <sec> the beautiful dir valley has been the scene of ferocious fighting against the taliban .  town of maidan had been at center of fighting between military forces and militants .  pakistani military show off pro-taliban cleric sufi muhammad 's ransacked hous .
 u.n. climate change panel to release summary of latest science friday <sec> the intergovernmental panel on climate change released a report every five or six years .  the first section of the report is aimed at assisting policymakers .  a draft that leaked in august said there is more certainty that humans are playing a role .  the report will lay out projections for climate change through the end of the centur .
 21 killed in iraq violence <sec> at least 21 people were killed in shootings and explosions across iraq friday , officials say . .  the deadliest attack was in baghdad where twin blasts killed seven and wounded 18 .  officials said that children were among those killed in the attack , which took place near an ice-cream shop .  more than 120 people have been killed in violence across the country this wee .
 top politicians condemn n. ireland water crisis <sec> government officials say the government water company failed `` miserably '' .  northern ireland water says up to 60,000 customers affected .  some have not had running water since before christmas .  it could be next week before crisis is resolve .
 why soccer should fear the nba <sec> next march will see the nba stage its first ever regular season games in london .  `` basketball is the sport of the modern world , '' os davis editor of the ballineurope.com .  premier league 's plan to play a 39th game abroad was `` quietly dropped '' .  `` in the middle east basketball is the fastest growing sport , '' nba 's sophie goldschmid .
 international court issues arrest warrant for sudanese president <sec> new : sudan says it will not cooperate with international criminal court .  icc charged sudan president omar hassan al-bashir with darfur war crimes .  it is first the first arrest warrant ever issued for a sitting head of state .  about 300,000 have died in darfur , u.n. says ; 2.5 million forced from home .
 texas man dies after falling off grand canyon rim <sec> new : `` it was just a freakish accident , '' sister-in-law says .  new : john n. anderson , 53 , falls about 350 feet off the south rim .  he was visiting with his family from texas .  the national park service and a medical examiner are investigatin .
 dickerson : etsy is disrupting global supply chains <sec> etsy was founded in 2005 and became profitable in 2009 .  it has received $ 91 million in funding from investors including accel partners .  it has 900,000 active `` shops '' and attracts 60 million unique visitors a month .  ceo chad dickerson says its provides an `` antidote '' to mass retai .
 'escape from camp 14 ' a true north korea survival story <sec> `` escape from camp 14 '' tells the true story of a north korean prison camp survivor .  shin dong-hyuk was the only known person born in a camp that survived escape .  book offers glimpse into one of the world 's repressive regime .
 israeli soldiers fire on gunmen along egypt 's border <sec> new : egypt says three bedouins were smuggling tobacco .  israeli soldiers kill a gunman along the border .  militants regularly cross israel 's border with egypt .  isarel is working on a $ 350 million border fenc .
 'the hot country ' takes readers on a cool trip <sec> robert olen butler 's latest novel was inspired by a postcard .  the historical thriller was a genre leap for the pulitzer prize winner .  `` if ernest hemingway and indiana jones had a bastard son , '' it would be kit cob .
 georgia executes vietnam vet in deputy 's murder <sec> georgia supreme court votes 6-1 to deny stay in andrew brannan 's execution .  brannan was executed by lethal injection tuesday night in jackson , georgia .  he killed deputy kyle dinkheller , 22 , in 1998 ; youtube videos show the deadly confrontatio .
 iraq sparks scramble for lucrative oil contracts <sec> iraqi oil minister : 35 companies qualified to bid on service contracts for oil fields .  new contracts would raise iraq 's production by 1.5 million barrels per day .  reduction in violence has boosted production to highest level since 2003 .  reports : 5 companies close to signing short-term oil service contracts no-bid basi .
 source : u.s. warned india about possible mumbai attack <sec> u.s. warned india about potential mumbai attack , source says .  attacks that killed 179 people have strained india-pakistan relations .  suspect is from pakistan , indian authorities say .  pakistan pm rejects accusations his country had role in mumbai massacr .
 who is julia pierson ? <sec> julia pierson was the first female director of the u.s. secret service . .  she was appointed in 2013 after a prostitution scandal marred the agency . .  her resignation ends a 30-year career with the secret service .
 uk plans massive wind farm expansion <sec> new wind farms to provide 25 percent of uk 's electricity needs .  prime minister gordon brown says project could provide 70,000 jobs .  new wind farms will be built in nine zones around the countr .
 camera footage shows fatal mexico subway shooting <sec> shooting took place at the balderas station in central mexico city .  luis felipe hernandez castillo , 38 , had been writing graffiti .  when police tried to stop him he drew a gun and began firing .  witnesses heard hernandez castillo yelling anti-government slogan .
 air force jet crashes in california ; pilot killed <sec> new : test pilot david cooley , 49 , of palmdale , california , dies in crash .  f-22a fighter jet crashes 35 miles northeast of edwards afb around 10:30 a.m . .  the one-seater jet was on a test mission when it crashed .  at $ 150 million apiece , the f-22a is the most expensive air force fighte .
 law giving jerusalem-born u.s. citizens an israeli birthplace reviewed <sec> 2002 law lets u.s. citizens born in jerusalem ask that israel be listed as birthplace on passports .  the u.s. does n't recognize any country as having sovereignty over jerusalem .  at issue is whether the law interferes with presidential powe .
 couple wins lottery , buys sewage treatment plant ? <sec> mark and cindy hill won half of a $ 587 million payout .  no big life changes yet : mark still meets friends for coffee each day at a local convenience store . .  instead of large purchases , the hills opted to give back to their local community .  camden , mo , looks forward to a new firehouse , ball field and sewage treatment plant , courtesy of the hill .
 a second life for vietnam 's bile bears <sec> 14 moon bears have been rescued from a bear bile farm in vietnam .  the bears were illegally harvested for their bile which is used in folk remedies .  the painful process often leads to a slow and agonizing death for the bear .  the rescue marks the first time a large number of bears was relinquished on conscienc .
 maradona urges tevez to quit united for italy <sec> diego maradona urges carlos tevez to quit manchester utd at end of season .  argentine coach believes striker would be better off joining italy 's inter milan .  tevez on bench when maradona watched united beat chelsea at the weeken .
 trial over terrifying 'operation condor ' under way <sec> a major human rights trial is under way in argentina .  prosecutors accuse 25 defendants of crimes against humanity .  the charges arise from the 1970s operation condor in south america .  thousands were killed and disappeared during that period of repressio .
 q & a ; : will new deal solve europe 's problems ? <sec> `` fiscal compact '' lays out tighter financial rules for eurozone countries .  deal also strengthens mechanisms to safeguard financial stability and bailouts .  britain has walked away from deal , raising prospect of eu in-fighting .  ireland has decided to hold a referendum on the fiscal pact which could take months to organiz .
 barbra streisand : i refused marlon brando 's advances <sec> barbra streisand sits down for a rare interview with `` piers morgan tonight '' .  she considers herself to be an actress who sings and not the other way around .  in her new movie `` the guilt trip , '' she plays `` the archetype of jewish mama .
 bomb threats prompt evacuations at universities <sec> new : no threat is found at north dakota state university .  no threat is found at the university of texas at austin .  about 51,000 students attend the flagship university , which is located in central texas .  a second bomb threat also surfaced friday at the north dakota state universit .
 king willem-alexander takes dutch throne <sec> willem-alexander is first dutch king in more than 120 years .  he became monarch after his 75-year-old mother abdicated .  beatrix may have abdicated to be with son , who 's in coma .  new queen 's father , a former argentinian minister , will miss investitur .
 rep. jesse jackson jr. being treated for mood disorder , statement says <sec> jackson 's office releases what it says is statement from congressman 's doctor .  colleagues in the house split on how much information jackson should reveal .  the nine-term congressman has n't appeared in the house since late ma .
 dozens of pakistani bombing victims to be buried after families end public protest <sec> protest organizer : the government has agreed to most of our demands .  the prime minister agrees to toss out local government but rules out military intervention .  two suicide bombings in a shiite neighborhood in quetta killed 85 on thursday .  the shiite community had previously asked for more protection , but to no avai .
 peace process prolongs mideast war <sec> david frum says the middle east peace process unintentionally prolongs conflict .  he says other wars have ended with the parties adjusting to new reality .  in palestinians ' case , he says , much of the world feeds the dispute rather than resolving i .
 'euthanize ' autistic teen for being 'nuisance , ' says anonymous letter <sec> letter delivered to ontario grandmother 's house .  she regularly cares for 13-year-old boy who has autism .  police investigating to see if letter constitutes a crim .
 u.s. army copters surprise polish village <sec> bad weather forces six helicopters to land .  villagers flock to a field for the surprise visit .  they mayor of the small village of gruta regrets they did n't feed the u.s. soldier .
 painting from clapton 's collection nabs record price <sec> oil on canvas painting by gerhard richter fetches $ 34 million .  an unnamed telephone bidder made the winning offer .  the painting sold for one-tenth as much in 2001 .  the work of two other artists fetched career record sum .
 how one ireporter lost 100 pounds <sec> kevin evans bought a treadmill and started working out 45 minutes a day .  evans also followed a eight-week dieting plan to eat healthy .  the ireporter says his biggest obstacle was managing his tim .
 wikileaks : kazakh elite enjoy drinking , dining , music of elton john <sec> dispatch from u.s. embassy tells of free-flowing liquor , visits from stars .  kazakh president owns luxury homes in united arab emirates , turkey .  cable derides dinner hosted by one of nation 's wealthiest me .
 fifa unveils new crime fighting duo to tackle corruption in soccer <sec> fifa unveil two new appointments to their ethics committee at press call in zurich .  us attorney michael j garcia and german judge hans-joachim eckert join organization .  pair will help investigate allegations of wrongdoing in world football .  first task is to probe documents relating to case involving marketing firm is .
 despite dangers , doctors honor oath in a secret syrian field hospital <sec> journalist robert king captures the chaos within a secret hospital in besieged al qusayr .  a doctor says he will honor the oath he took as a doctor to save lives -- despite the risks .  the hospital is relocated from time to time to avoid detection .  doctors treat hundreds of patients , many of them childre .
 easter 2014 : tension in jerusalem , prayers in boston <sec> pope francis prays for peace in syria , ukraine , other spots .  a procession of palestinian christians was halted in jerusalem .  israel describes the incident as a `` non-event '' .  boston : special prayers mark one year after marathon bombing .
 commentary : why race still matters <sec> roithmayr , charles : race dominated the senate hearing on sotomayor .  they say research shows groups of diverse people make better decisions .  having sotomayor on court will widen life experiences of the justices , they say .  roithmayr , charles : we should strive for diversity of class , gender , geograph .
 catalonia 's fight for independence : are there lessons from the dutch revolt ? <sec> catalonia is fighting for independence in spain , which has been hit by crisis .  the situation can be compared to the dutch revolt in the 1560s and 1570s .  spain has reacted to demands in the past with repression .  history shows such tactics typically make things wors .
