 obama : social security wo n't be privatized <sec> new : obama says modest changes can save social security .  new : housing market needs more time to recover , obama says .  the president meets with columbus , ohio , residents .  the president is taking his economics plan across the countr .
 new york police tout improving crime numbers to defend frisking policy <sec> new : police `` massage the numbers '' to support `` stop , question and frisk , '' a critic says .  new : police `` doubled down on ( a ) discriminatory and ineffective practice , '' says another critic .  blacks and hispanics are most likely to be stopped , and also be murder victims in new york .  police say statistics show it works , pointing to a low murder rate and more guns seize .
 chuck norris endorses newt gingrich , rails against 'trifecta of tyranny ' <sec> chuck norris on newt gingrich : `` i have a pretty good idea what makes a warrior '' .  he lays out the `` the trifecta of tyranny '' that his new favorite republican candidate is facing .  norris 's editorial would make you think gingrich is a ninja assassi .
 riot anniversary tour surveys progress and economic challenges in los angeles <sec> many considered south los angeles an economic wasteland in the aftermath of 1992 riots .  but john hope bryant saw an opportunity for economic empowerment .  bryant is the founder of operation hope , a financial literacy program .  he led a convoy on a bus tour to recognize economic progress in south los angele .
 the truth about what candy crowley said <sec> cnn 's candy crowley was moderator of the second presidential debate tuesday .  conservative critics attacked crowley for correcting mitt romney 's claim that president barack obama did not refer to the benghazi attack as an `` act of terror '' .  a review of the transcripts show that crowley was , in fact , righ .
 the $ .30 kit that could end malaria <sec> malaria is a tropical disease frequently transmitted by mosquitoes .  when caught early , it is entirely preventable and yet , it still claims over 600,000 lives a year .  90 % of all malaria deaths are in sub-saharan africa .  south african biotechnologist has developed a test kit to diagnose sufferers earlie .
 opinion : keystone pipeline makes sense <sec> alexander pourbaix says opponents are wrong on keystone xl pipeline .  he says contrary to what opponents say , `` not a drop '' of keystone oil will be exported .  pourbaix : state department study has debunked concerns over environment and market .  he says during transition to new energy sources , u.s. should get its oil from a trusted natio .
 vatican defends pope after punch remark <sec> pope francis throws a pretend punch to make a point about how offended people may respond .  he does so while talking about the france terror attacks and the debate over free expression .  a vatican spokesman says francis ' words did n't advocate violence or justify the attack .
 michael jackson wrongful death suit will go to jury , judge rules <sec> aeg live lawyers say they may call michael jackson 's mother back to the witness stand .  judge : enough evidence to `` reasonably infer '' aeg should have known murray was a risk .  aeg live execs randy phillips and paul gongaware dismissed as individual defendants .  testimony resumes september 16 with closing arguments soon afte .
 6 incredible handicrafts found in nanjing , china <sec> china 's ancient capital , nanjing is home to many endangered folk crafts .  craftsmen at jinling buddhism publishing house engrave sutras on wooden blocks used for scroll printing .  zhang fang-lin 's paper-cutting mastery earned him the nickname `` jinling holy scissorhand '' .  nanjing 's silk brocade is called `` yunjin '' in chinese -- which means `` beautiful as clouds at sunset .
 civil rights activist dorothy height in 'very serious ' condition <sec> dorothy height , 98 , remains hospitalized ; no information available on her condition .  wikipedia reported saturday that she was dead ; rumors appeared on social networking site twitter .  height has been active in civil rights since the new deal er .
 china 's bo xilai : from rising star to scandal <sec> charismatic politician bo xilai promoted chinese communist culture .  his populist policies were seen to challenge a faction of the party .  bo jailed for life for bribe-taking , embezzlement and abuse of power .  bo 's wife and family aide also serving time for murdering neil heywoo .
 fireball lit up texas sky , nasa says <sec> nasa scientist : fireball burned five times brighter than a full moon .  it was at least four feet wide and weighed about 4,000 pounds , he says .  hundreds report seeing a fireball over texas on astronomical website .  weather service : sheriff 's office says meteorite lands , shaking the groun .
 yemenis question terror suspect 's classmates , mosque congregants <sec> talks with acquaintances have not yet revealed links to local al qaeda group .  local al qaeda group says attempted bombing was in retaliation for airstrikes .  yemeni spokesman says claim unlikely because suspect bought ticket before airstrikes .  al-basha says yemen launched strikes but acknowledged u.s. involvement in yeme .
 'craigslist killer ' case formally dropped after suspect 's suicide <sec> new : da files paperwork that ends murder case .  new : prosecutors to release their file on markoff soon .  the former medical student killed himself in jail august 1 .
 soldier , 59 , is oldest u.s. service member to die in afghanistan <sec> first sgt . .  jose san nicolas crisostomo killed by a roadside bomb in kabul .  he served in vietnam , retired , rejoined army in '08 to serve in afghanistan .  crisostomo of spanaway , washington , was bronze star , purple heart recipien .
 tsarnaev friend convicted of obstructing bombings probe <sec> jury : azamat tazhayakov guilty of charges relating to backpack .  prosecutors alleged tazhayakov helped dispose of dzhokhar tsarnaev 's items .  defense attorney : different friend , not tazhayakov , took items .  his lawyers said tazhayakov did everything he could to assist the fb .
 what it means to take 'the fifth ' <sec> irs official invoked fifth amendment right not to answer questions before congress .  she joined a long line of public figures exercising right against self-incrimination .  lois lerner could still be called back to testify before house committe .
 review : barnes & noble 's new glowing nook is a winner <sec> what truly sets the latest nook simple touch apart is the patent-pending glowlight .  nook simple touch 's glowlight is adjustable , via a touch-screen menu selection .  the battery life is promised to last for 30 days with an hour of glowlight-enabled readin .
 a rebirth of berber culture in post-gadhafi libya <sec> libya 's indigenous berber population had their culture suppressed under gadhafi .  also known as amazigh , they could not even give their children berber names .  amazigh culture is blossoming in post-gadhafi libya .  but activists fear that their culture and language will not be protected in the new liby .
 experts : u.s. water infrastructure in trouble <sec> u.s. averages 700 water main breaks daily , say experts .  epa : in biggest systems , 30 % of water pipes are 40 to 80 years old .  bacteria , viruses could enter water supply through bursting water pipes , say experts .  officials : cities need money to repair , maintain u.s. water pipes infrastructur .
 police confirm 'unfortunate death ' of 'boston 's finest ' star <sec> new : `` boston 's finest '' producer donnie wahlberg : `` i am so deeply saddened '' .  the preliminary investigation suggests it was a suicide , boston police source tells cnn .  officer pat rogers was a `` really nice , well-liked guy , '' police source says .  the show begins its 2nd season next wee .
 twin blasts rock thai city <sec> police : two apparent car bombs exploded in the city of yala .  at least 10 people were killed and more than 100 injured .  bangkok was hit by a series of bombings last mont .
 uefa suspend dida for two matches <sec> ac milan 's brazilian goalkeeper dida is suspended by uefa for two matches .  dida was banned for his over-reacting to being touched by a celtic supporter .  celtic have been fined $ 50,800 for allowing the fan to run onto the field of pla .
 school targets teen girls from war torn nations <sec> global village school educates teen girls from refugee families .  most students are from clarkston , georgia , home to more than 6,000 refugees .  the school survives solely on donations and grants .  students go on to high school , college or ged program .
 dilshan ton leads sri lankan fightback <sec> opener tillakaratne dilshan scores a superb century for sri lanka against india .  the ton helps sri lanka force their way back on the second day of the first test .  sri lanka end the day on 275 for three , 151 in deficit of india 's first innings total in ahmedaba .
 3 rescued from honduran mine ; 8 still trapped <sec> eleven miners trapped by landslide on wednesday night near el corpus , honduras .  three rescued friday morning .  status of eight other miners is not immediately know .
 commentary : pay attention to the children in crisis <sec> denzel washington : in a year of many issues , children are key priority .  washington : voters need to hold politicians accountable for helping young people .  education , crime , obesity are all issues relating to youth , washington says .  there are many ways to help , including boys & girls clubs , he say .
 shoeless triqui indian boys from mexico win international basketball tournament in argentina <sec> triqui indian boys from mexico win basketball tournament playing barefoot .  the team playing without shoes reflects the poverty in the state of oaxaca .  the boys have been heralded as the `` barefoot giants of the mountains '' .  tournament in argentina featured teams from all over central and south americ .
 high resolution image hints at 'mona lisa 's ' eyebrows <sec> scan yields a reproduction of the 'mona lisa 's ' face magnified 24 times .  image reveals a single brushstroke of a single hair above the left brow .  engineer suggests faded pigment could explain lack of lashes and brows .  a poor attempt to clean the painting could also have erased the feature .
 is the eye key to predicting alzheimer 's ? <sec> researchers developed a test to check the retina for signs of alzheimer 's .  trial is looking at whether this test can identify patients before symptoms begin .  1 in 8 people who are 65 and older have alzheimer 's diseas .
 new strike hits south african gold mine <sec> the striking miners join 28,000 others who walked off the job at another mine .  violence at lonmin 's marikana platinum mine left 44 people dead last month .  the company set a monday deadline for returning to wor .
 tentative payroll tax cut deal reached , gop legislators say <sec> new : some republican congressmen question the tentative agreement .  progress is made after republicans back down on payroll tax cut .  political analyst norm ornstein warns new gop strategy could backfire .  president obama warns that failing to act could hurt the economic recover .
 world cup : luis suarez spurs uruguay to win against england <sec> uruguay beat england 2-1 in group d match in sao paulo .  luis suarez scores first half header to put uruguay ahead .  wayne rooney 's first goal in world cup finals drew england level .  suarez seals victory with emphatic late strik .
 premier league : is chelsea invincible ? mourinho 's men on the rampage <sec> chelsea makes it 14 games unbeaten in premier league .  jose mourinho 's side remains in pole position .  manchester city comes from behind to win .  arsenal leaves it late to beat southampto .
 toronto webcam killing suspect makes first court appearance <sec> new : a man suspected of killing a university student makes his first court appearance .  long-distance witness : `` i was cursing him from my webcam '' .  a friend in china sees the woman attacked in her toronto apartment .  police later find qian liu dead in the apartmen .
 do n't click on nude photos , isis videos ( opinion ) <sec> sally kohn : do n't click on nude photos of celebrities or isis videos of beheadings .  kohn : when you click on those thing , you 're encouraging the hackers and terrorists .  she says the new stories we click on affect media coverage , which want online traffic .  kohn : consumers have an important power - use it wisely , click responsibl .
 thomas muller : world cup winner to director of carrots <sec> wife of bayern munich germany star thomas muller is an aspiring dressage rider .  lisa muller recently won her first title at national level on board birkhofs dave .  the 25-year-old trains at stables just outside munich where she has eight horses .  thomas has host of titles with bayern and won the world cup with germany in 201 .
 manslaughter charges added in famu hazing death <sec> new : champion 's parents say the manslaughter charge is appropriate .  12 defendants now face manslaughter and felony hazing .  drum major robert champion died after a hazing ritual in 2011 .  the defendants face a maximum of 15 years in priso .
 arsenal clinches first english silverware at wembley <sec> arsenal wins fa community shield at wembley .  beats epl champions manchester city 3-0 .  cazorla , ramsey and giroud score goals .  arsenal new signing alexis sanchez starte .
 iran agrees to more steps to ease worries over nuclear program <sec> iaea says iran has agreed to take 7 steps in working with watchdog group .  iran will allows `` managed '' access to uranium mines in ardakan .  the steps could be a positive signal ahead of talks later this mont .
 miss venezuela wins miss universe title -- again <sec> win marks first time 2 contestants from same country earn title in consecutive years .  more than 80 other contestants competed during the pageant .  miss dominican republic , ada aimee de la cruz , was named first runner-u .
 is it a banksy ? uk street art image appears to show spies at work <sec> mural on side of house in cheltenham shows three men huddled round a pay phone .  clad in trench coats and dark glasses , they hold old-fashioned listening equipment .  the street art has been widely attributed to graffiti artist banksy .  britain 's gchq , the equivalent of the u.s. national security agency , is based in cheltenha .
 euro pioneer : europe would have suffered without single currency <sec> the maastricht treaty is set to celebrate its 20th anniversary . .  it came into force on november 1 , 1993 . .  the treaty -- named after a dutch city -- was responsible for the creation of europe 's single currency . .  since 1993 , the eu has more than doubled in size , including many countries in eastern europe .
 missing ohio women , boy confirmed dead <sec> new : prosecutor says he ca n't comment on whether suspect confessed .  bodies of two women and a boy , 10 , were found a week after they disappeared .  matthew hoffman , 30 , held in kidnapping of girl , gave information , sheriff says .  13-year-old daughter of one of the victims was found safe in a police rai .
 amtrak train derails after leaving new york station <sec> a low-speed derailment occurs just east of penn station , amtrak says .  no injuries are reported ; amtrak arranges for the passengers to be put on other train .
 opinion : get rid of the 'food desert ' label <sec> john bare : the movement to get rid of food deserts can start with banishing the term .  bare : being labeled a `` food desert '' makes a neighborhood undesirable .  he says we need a food oasis movement that disrupts existing food systems .  bare : innovators are taking fresh food to neighborhoods inspiring locals to eat bette .
 why the oscars ignores films about young people <sec> the academy awards tend to overlook movies about young people .  films such as `` the hunger games : catching fire '' and `` short term 12 '' were snubbed .  some of these movies brought in more money or accolades than many oscar nominee .
 chavez , clinton shake hands at brazilian inauguration <sec> chavez tells state media that they discussed `` two or three specific things '' .  the u.s. state department has not released any details about the exchange .  recent diplomatic relations between the two countries have been particularly strained .  washington revoked the visa of the venezuelan ambassador to washington last wee .
 ricciardo scores maiden victory after mercedes show vulnerability <sec> daniel ricciardo wins canadian gp for red bull .  first victory in f1 for young australian .  nico rosberg finishes second for mercedes .  teammate lewis hamilton retires in blow to title hope .
 red cross aid rushed to myanmar victims <sec> new : red cross approves $ 190,000 in aid for cyclone victims .  food , fuel scarce ; emergency assistance needed , sources say .  cyclone nargis hits myanmar 's former capital of yangon over weekend .  state of emergency has been declared in five regions by ruling military junt .
 south korea launches military exercises <sec> the exercises are scheduled to last until friday .  tensions on the korean peninsula are high after an attack on a south korean island .  south korea 's president says north korea will pay `` a dear price '' for future provocation .
 dallas zoo brings in pet puppy to calm down cheetahs <sec> zoo : puppy will be a calming influence as the cubs grow up away from the wilderness .  the labrador retriever will play alongside the cubs .  cheetahs are an endangered species , with about 10,000 lef .
 atheist soldier sues army for 'unconstitutional ' discrimination <sec> army spc . .  jeremy hall was raised baptist but is now an atheist .  his sudden lack of faith cost him his military career and put his life at risk , he says .  hall sued the defense department ; claims military is a christian organization .  pentagon official : complaints about evangelizing are `` relatively rare .
 malaysia airlines : 2 dogs among casualties of jet crash <sec> also tucked away in the cargo section were four pigeons and five other birds .  malaysia airlines flight 17 crashed thursday in eastern ukraine .  it was carrying 298 people of various nationalities , including americans and dutc .
 freed hikers recount 2 years of 'lies and false hope ' <sec> new : bauer and fattal blast iran 's `` brutality '' after returning to the united states .  new : their espionage trial was a `` total sham , '' bauer says .  new : shourd says the screams of prisoners `` will always be with me '' .  the two hikers arrived in the u.s. after their release wednesda .
 attack in yemen kills security officer , wounds 7 <sec> officials say dozens have been killed in recent months in aden .  the government blames al qaeda for the attacks .  some analysts say members of the old regime may be involve .
 fbi : minnesota man was suicide bomber in somalia <sec> two african union soldiers were killed by a suicide bomber in somalia .  the fbi said one of two bombers was identified as a minnesota man .  farah mohamed beledi left for somalia in 2009 , authorities sa .
 abortion rates lowest in 40 years <sec> abortion rates are at their lowest since 1973 when it was legalized .  between 2008 and 2011 , the abortion rate fell 13 % .  several variables affect abortion rates , including the economy and access to contraception .  `` 3,000 unborn children are still killed every day , '' national right to life say .
 costa rican president sick with swine flu <sec> president oscar arias has been diagnosed with the h1n1 virus , government says .  arias fell ill sunday , complaining of a sore throat and a temperature .  arias is expected to return to work on monday , presidential minister says .  as of last friday , there were 718 confirmed cases of the h1n1 virus in costa ric .
 cnn heroes : woman helps needy with cut-rate car repairs <sec> unlikely mechanic gives people in need a 'lift ' .  trying to raise kids on minimum wage with a broken down car in subzero weather is tough .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2015 cnn heroe .
 amid economic downturn , recent grads turn to national service <sec> so far this year , applications for teach for america are up 42 percent from 2008 .  increase attributed to economy that 's encouraging people to re-evaluate careers .  small nonprofits also benefit from sudden availability of skilled labor .  community service groups stand to benefit from legislation to increase fundin .
 skype blocks password resets after security hole discovered <sec> hackers discover security hole in skype that allows outsider to access a user 's account .  skype has suspended its password-reset feature temporarily as a precaution .  the issue was posted on a russian forum and then gained traction on reddi .
 scandal-linked senator returns to work <sec> new : sen. david vitter resumes work on capitol hill .  new : linked to `` d.c. madam , '' he tries to keep low profile .  new : conservative apologizes to fellow republicans at lunch .  new : journalists seeking vitter cause disruption in senate committee meetin .
