 massport dismissed from 9/11 wrongful death suit <sec> the family of a 9/11 victim filed the lawsuit .  the suit also names united airlines and security company huntleigh usa .  it claims security screeners at boston 's airport were unable to detect weapon .
 euro trash tour : dumpster diver 's war on waste <sec> baptiste dubanchet traveled from france to poland eating food only found in trash cans .  the frenchman says germany was the easiest country in which to find food , the czech republic the trickiest .  dubanchet embarked on his mission to highlight the issue of food wast .
 taliban to u.s. : end drone strikes in pakistan , or no more polio vaccines <sec> the leader of a taliban faction in north waziristan says drone strikes are worse than polio .  the u.s. believes the district is a haven for the haqqani network and other militant groups .  it 's not clear how the taliban 's decree will impact the polio eradication campaign .  pakistan is one of three countries that have yet to eradicate poli .
 'game of thrones ' fan wins charity prize to die for <sec> a fan gave $ 20,000 to charity to be killed off as character in a george r.r . .  martin book .  report : martin says he 's been astonished by the support .  the fan wants his character to be a valyria .
 rights group : african union soldiers raped somali women <sec> the somali government says it will lead an investigation into the allegations .  human right watch : african union soldiers coerced women , girls into sex .  the au says the report contains `` imbalance , inaccuracies and partial view '' .  it says it will `` thoroughly '' investigate the allegation .
 surfing the magic board <sec> cnn using prototype technology to bring election stats to life .  john king 's `` magic board '' can zoom in on individual homes .  cnn coverage will see `` holograms '' appear in studi .
 qatar invests in <sec> glorious goodwood to be renamed qatar goodwood festival .  move comes after gulf state invest over $ 3m into horse racing meet .  investment labeled 'the single biggest sponsorship deal ' in british racin .
 researchers in hawaii find lost japanese wwii mega-sub <sec> researchers find the remains of an advanced submarine sunk by the u.s. navy in 1946 .  the i-400 was essentially an underwater aircraft carrier .  the soviet union wanted to inspect the sub 's advanced technology .  the sub represented a big shift in submarine tactics , a researcher say .
 extremists and leaders incite violent protests <sec> peter bergen : violence against u.s. over film is part of a pattern of incidents .  he says christian and muslim extremists have incited deadly protests for years .  bergen : in several cases , the words of political leaders have helped spark violenc .
 the cool history of the slurpee <sec> the slurpee , orginally called an icee , was created by accident in the 1950s .  7-eleven licensed a slurpee machine in 1965 and renamed it at that time .  for `` the simpson 's '' movie in 2007 , 7-elevens were converted to look like kwik-e-marts .  41 percent of slurpers never mix their flavors and 37 percent always d .
 'teddy bear ' drops 300 pounds <sec> ryan mcdonald once tipped the scales at 530 pounds .  giving up fast food and soda helped him lose 300 pounds .  he 's competed 5k and 10k runs , a half-marathon , a duathlon and a sprint triathlo .
 barcelona 's appeal against transfer ban rejected <sec> fifa rejects barcelona 's appeal against a transfer ban .  the catalan club will be unable to sign new players until january 2016 .  the ban was meted out after fifa ruled barca had breached rules relating to youth players .  barca intends to appeal the ban at the court of arbitration for spor .
 3 win nobel in physics for digital devices <sec> breakthroughs led to fiber optics , digital photography .  optical fibers facilitate broadband communication such as the internet .  scientists made it possible to capture light electronically instead of on film .  nobel prizes handed out this wee .
 on ebay , one of schindler 's life-saving lists <sec> oskar schindler helped save jews by employing them .  lists were made of their factory worker 's names .  one is being auctioned , with a $ 3 million starting bi .
 georgia flesh-eating bacteria victim 's condition upgraded <sec> aimee copeland is now listed in serious condition .  copeland , 24 , is battling necrotizing fasciitis caused by flesh-devouring bacteria .  she has been hospitalized for more than a mont .
 more refugees arrive in thailand amid abuse claims <sec> the latest boat was carrying about 78 people , thai police say .  thai army denies setting refugees adrift ; government has launched an inquiry .  thailand : no grounds to believe rohingya fleeing myanmar out of fear of persecution .  statement added that `` basic humanitarian needs '' are given to the migrant .
 free wheelchairs give new life to rural mexicans <sec> richard st. denis helps provide free wheelchairs for people in rural mexico .  the wheelchairs are collected from the u.s. , refurbished and custom-fit .  st. denis ' group also teaches people how to use their chairs and maximize their quality of life .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2011 cnn heroe .
 father of amanda knox : prosecutors `` have no case left '' <sec> new : curt knox is hopeful his daughter will be home by the end of the month .  a judge rejects prosecution requests for more dna testing and to call more witnesses .  a defense witness says dna on the knife used to kill meredith kercher could not be from blood .  knox is fighting her murder conviction for the 2007 death of her housemate in ital .
 pakistani cricketers donate win bonuses to flood relief <sec> pakistan cricket team donate $ 54,400 , half of their win bonus , to flood relief victims .  pakistan trail england 2-1 with one test to play in their series with the host nation .  pakistan 's one day captain and top umpire raise extra funds through seseparateampaigns .  un says it needs $ 200 million worth of aid .
 court blocks ruling against nypd 's stop-and-frisk policy <sec> a three-judge appeal panel finds a lower court judge `` ran afoul of the code of conduct '' .  a new lower court judge is to be assigned to the case .  nypd 's stop-and-frisk policy continues during appeal .
 fake amazon resume proves the power of personal branding <sec> web product developer created online cv to look like amazon page .  resume went viral and dubost gained over 100 offers of work .  `` i was so completely not expecting this , '' he says .  proves the importance of personal branding in job-huntin .
 italy mourns more than 100 migrants killed in lampedusa shipwreck <sec> survivors say they set fire to clothes to try to get help after the boat 's engine stopped .  at least 111 people died when a boat capsized off the italian island of lampedusa .  italian authorities estimate that 200 people are still unaccounted for .  `` today is a day of tears , '' pope francis says , as italy marks a day of mournin .
 zsa zsa gabor 's husband , daughter differ on actress ' recovery <sec> gabor 's daughter says her mom is eating and watching tv .  the actress ' husband says a setback delayed her release saturday .  gabor is now expected to go home monday .  the 93-year-old actress suffered a broken hip in jul .
 tahrir square battles wound dozens after egypt votes <sec> new : fresh tahrir square clashes leave nearly 90 wounded .  report : egypt 's stock market sees an unprecedented wave of buying .  voters pick members of the lower house of egypt 's parliament .  the lower house will be tasked with drafting egypt 's new constitutio .
 pilot in deadly plane crash had no experience landing 777 in san francisco <sec> this was the pilot 's first time landing a boeing 777 at the san francisco airport .  the pilot had 43 hours of experience of flying the 777 , south korea says .  ntsb : plane was well below the target air speed for approach .  pilots called for a `` go-around '' 1.5 seconds before impact , ntsb say .
 giggs agrees to his 21st season at manchester united <sec> ryan giggs agrees a new one-year contract at manchester united until mid-2012 .  welsh veteran is currently in his 20th season with the english league leaders .  he has made a club-record 862 first-team appearances since his debut in 1991 .  giggs is in squad as united face non-league side crawley in the fa cu .
 texas teen ethan couch gets 10 years ' probation for deadly dwi crash <sec> prosecutors had asked for a 20-year sentence for ethan couch .  `` there needs to be some justice here , '' says victims ' relative .  a defense psychologist reportedly described couch as a product of `` affluenza .
 obamacare architect describes 'mislabeling ' in video - cnnpolitics.com <sec> mit economist jonathan gruber is considered the architect of obamacare .  videos where gruber insults voters and explains the law have recently emerged .  opponents of obamacare see this as evidence of the law 's ill wil .
 5 things we learned from an interview with bill clinton <sec> `` it was sickening , '' ex-president tells cnn 's anna coren of the mh17 crash in ukraine .  clinton calls aids activists killed in the crash `` martyrs to the cause '' .  he thinks ukraine wants to be `` a bridge '' between europe and russi .
 swedish wrestler throws away olympic medal <sec> swedish wrestler ara abrahamian throws away bronze medal in disgust .  china 's zhang juanjuan breaks south korean dominance in women 's archery .  zhang defeats defending champion park sung-hyun 110-109 in a tense final .  heavy rain disrupts olympic program with rowing and canoeing all washed ou .
 cnn student news transcript : april 14 , 2011 <sec> consider the details of and reaction to president obama 's deficit plan .  learn about the status of wildlife recovery in the u.s. gulf coast region .  find out some of the factors driving an increase in american gas prices .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 rules change means more drug offenders eligible for clemency - cnnpolitics.com <sec> rules change is beginning of end of `` mass incarceration , '' advocate says .  the justice department announced new rules for non-violent offenders .  up to 2,000 federal prisoners could be eligible for reduced sentences .  the u.s. criminal justice system must be perceived as being fair , cole say .
 indonesian volcano erupts , killing six <sec> mount rokatenda was still spewing clouds of ash late saturday .  its early-morning eruption left six dead , including two children , .  authorities have ordered people to stay more than 3 km away from the summi .
 a work-at-home mom defends yahoo 's mayer <sec> parents are especially miffed at yahoo 's new anti-telecommuting policy .  critics accuse the ceo of being shortsighted and not empathetic to fellow parents .  amanda enayati says ceo marissa mayer 's first mandate is to increase productivity .  mayer 's motherhood should n't trump her goal to turn around yahoo , says another mothe .
 5 big questions for u.s. strategy <sec> while campaign is focused on domestic issues , key foreign policy choices loom , say authors .  they say america 's next administration must identify key threats , opportunities .  president will have to decide when to engage militarily or diplomatically , they say .  authors : a key issue is what kind of strategy will help u.s. prosper in global econom .
 arrest made in slayings of u.s. citizens in mexico <sec> man arrested is alleged ringleader of notorious mexican drug-trafficking family .  victims , benjamin lebaron and luis widmar , were killed at home in mexico .  lebaron had become anti-crime activist after his brother was kidnapped .  lebaron brothers belonged to community of excommunicated mormons in mexic .
 ex-marine amir hekmati , jailed in iran , says confession made under duress <sec> amir hekmati cites `` force , threats , miserable prison conditions '' .  he says tehran wants to exchange him for other prisoners .  he is a decorated marine who served from 2001 to 200 .
 agency stored body images from florida courthouse <sec> the marshals service used millimeter wave technology to collect images .  the images were of people entering a federal courthouse in orlando , florida .  a sampling of the ghost-like images was obtained under the freedom of information act .  the marshals service says the images were never accessed before the reques .
 life in a cracked house in haiti <sec> rose matrie is a bright student attending secondary school in haiti .  her parents are struggling to pay the fees to keep her and her five siblings enrolled .  public schools in haiti only meet about 20 percent of the demand for basic education .  organizations like plan are working to provide more access to quality educatio .
 'unsafe ' chinese airplane hurting tonga tourism <sec> australian passenger shaken by `` anxious '' flight on chinese-made ma60 aircraft in tonga .  various reports say the ma60 's poor reputation is hurting tourism in tonga .  real tonga airline says its aircraft are safe .  in june , an ma60 crash-landed in indonesia , another skidded off runway in myanma .
 obama goes after black-market fishing , other threats to oceans <sec> obama calls for strategy to combat black-market fishing .  he says he 'll protect `` our most precious marine landscapes '' .  our ocean international conference is hosted by state department .  leonardo dicaprio pledges additional $ 7 million to ocean preservatio .
 how islam can fight back against boko haram <sec> in islam , traumatizing children is considered an act of evil , writes marwan al husayni .  al husayni : the problem with boko haram and their likes is that they go against all human norms .  these groups subscribe to a distorted image of god and of themselves , he writes .  the real meaning of power in islam is mercy and love , he say .
 ex-nfler darren sharper pleads not guilty in alleged california rapes <sec> sharper is now under investigation in a sex case in a fifth state , florida .  `` it was all consensual contact with women , '' his attorney says in court .  judge orders sharper to not to be alone with women he met since first alleged rape .  miami beach police are investigating sharper in latest case , detective say .
 cnn student news - october 30 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 zappos ceo on getting employees to 'live the brand ' <sec> tony hsieh : employees who really like their workplace are more likely to live for their jobs .  delivering happiness movement targets work-life integration .  a company 's brand is fundamentally connected to its employee culture , hsieh say .
 rory mcilroy sizzles , then implodes at scottish open <sec> after his course record 64 thursday , rory mcilroy slumps at the scottish open .  mcilroy shoots a 78 at royal aberdeen that included a double bogey on back nine .  phil mickelson also dipped though not as much , going from a 68 to 73 .  michelle wie misses the cut at the women 's british open at royal birkdal .
 the rise of the swf <sec> sovereign wealth funds ( swfs ) active buying stakes in leading u.s. banks .  first swf founded in 1953 , now total worth worldwide estimated at $ 2.2 trillion .  abu dhabi has biggest swf , followed by singapore , norway and kuwait .  secrecy of some funds stoking concern about strategic goverment stake .
 islamic rebels grab key somali port <sec> islamists seize control of somali port city where u.n. supplies enter capital .  al-shabaab an offshoot of islamic party that ruled in somalia for much of 2006 .  the group aims to impose islamic sharia law in somali .
 famously ( and famous ) bad bosses <sec> one high-profile film producer has fired hundreds of personal assistants .  naomi campbell 's treatment of her employees has landed her in court .  and would you really want to answer to simon cowell or al capone .
 sentencing phase begins for convicted ohio serial killer <sec> new : a defense attorney says he feels jurors will decide `` death is not the appropriate penalty '' .  anthony sowell was convicted of killing 11 cleveland-area women between 2007 and 2009 .  he has been classified as a `` sexually violent predator '' .  the defense is expected to take 4 to 5 days for its part of the sentencing phas .
 enough with stories about who 's fat <sec> howard kurtz : media obsessed with chris christie and michelle obama 's weight .  kurtz : michelle obama is 5 ' 11 '' and in good shape despite comments about her rear .  chris christie 's girth is serious , he says . .  if he runs for president his weight is fair game .  kurtz : media obsessed with weight , stick-thin models who border on anorexi .
 congress passes revised 9/11 first-responders health benefits bill <sec> new : 168 members of the house did not vote .  the house passes the bill , sending it to president obama .  sen. charles schumer hails passage as a `` great day '' for america .  the bill provides free treatment for health issues from working at ground zer .
 in iowa , rand paul previews 2016 campaign message amid dust-ups <sec> rand paul made a high-profile trip to iowa this week .  iowa is a magnet for presidential hopefuls .  paul made headlines for changing his tune on foreign aid .  experts say the controversy is n't a deal breaker , but he still needs social conservative .
 france continues mali airstrikes ; residents frantic <sec> u.s. military plans to fly french troops to nations near mali , an official says .  france has been helping mali 's government battle islamist militants from its north .  several other nations have vowed support for mali .  french airstrikes have recently struck near the central town of diabal .
 how strategic is sri lanka ? <sec> under portuguese rule in the 15th century sri lanka became a crucial trading hub .  parag khanna says it is again the center of maritime trade and a rising power .  sri lanka is using its strategic importance to minimize pressure for accountability , he says .  chinese investment is boosting sri lanka 's basis infrastructure , khanna say .
 de blasio consoles nyc in wake of police shooting <sec> new york city mayor bill de blasio sought to console the city following this weekend 's shootings .  he visited a memorial for the slain officers and held a moment of silence at city hall .  but critics continued to speak out , and protesters pledged to continue demonstration .
 why is california 'worst ' ? <sec> a new report lists the most polluted cities in the u.s. , including several california cities .  david pettit : there are too many cars and trucks , oil refineries and industrial facilities .  he says los angeles , for example , needs to massively expand its public transit system .  pettit : california needs to accelerate development of clean , renewable energ .
 fox executive gavin smith 's body found after 2 years <sec> new : authorities say they have a `` how '' and a `` why '' in the case .  gavin smith disappeared in may 2012 after leaving a friend 's house .  his black mercedes was recovered at a storage facility last year .  authorities identified his body wednesda .
 dangerous path to legal status for some immigrants <sec> tania nava was brought to the u.s. illegally as a child .  after marrying a u.s. citizen , she tried to become a legal immigrant .  u.s. policy requires her to file in ciudad juarez , one of mexico 's most dangerous cities .  after heading to juarez to protect her , nava 's husband was shot and kille .
 did cheap mobiles steal show over sexy gadgets ? <sec> supplying phones to emerging markets and connecting world 's poor seen as important theme at mobile event .  mega powerful camera phones , projector phones and super-fast processors among head-turning tech .  mobile world congress also raised debate over future roles mobiles will play in our live .
 queen elizabeth , royal family join flickr <sec> the british queen 's photostream officially goes live on monday .  she 's already on youtube and twitter .  the flickr stream includes pictures going back to victoria and albert 150 years ago .  most of the photos show the royal family at public engagement .
 tycoon brothers arrested in hong kong corruption probe <sec> thomas and raymond kwok run hong kong 's biggest property development company .  they were arrested for suspected corruption .  an unidentified government official was also arrested for alleged corruption .  another sun hung kai executive was arrested 10 days ago in a bribery investigatio .
 cnn student news transcript : march 1 , 2010 <sec> assess the impact of a massive earthquake that struck in chile .  hear predictions from both parties about u.s. midterm elections .  consider an adoption program that could turn tigers into pets .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 study : tamiflu causes nausea and nightmares in children <sec> researchers say more than half of children who took tamiflu suffered side-effects .  among reactions were nausea , nightmares and insomnia in .  japan is advising against prescribing tamiflu to youngsters aged 10 to 1 .
