 fireman transforms pickup paramedics <sec> paul embleton 's foundation provides equipment , training to guatemalan firefighters .  before embleton , emergency rescue often came in pickup trucks , not ambulances .  he moved to guatemala from washington state in 2007 to volunteer full-time .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open at cnn.com/heroe .
 defense : arizona self-help guru deserves new trial in sweat lodge case <sec> defendant 's lawyers want a new trial .  they say the prosecution did not disclose evidence on time .  ray has been found guilty of negligent homicide .  the case stems from an october 2009 ceremony in sedon .
 program helps imprisoned parents stay connected to kids <sec> program keeps kids connected with their parents in prison .  cnn hero carolyn lecroy has run the program for the last decade .  actress holly robinson peete recently joins lecroy to observe the progra .
 kenyan politician thrown out of parliament for earrings <sec> the young lawmaker is known for his flashy dressing .  he has been nicknamed sonko , slang for a rich man .  he is admonished and asked to leave the sessio .
 senate welcomes first female parliamentarian <sec> macdonough will replace alan frumin , who was parliamentarian for 18 years .  frumin came into the spotlight when he had to make rulings on obama 's health care plan .  the senate parliamentarian advises on rules and procedur .
 no . 1 djokovic takes nadal 's monte carlo crown <sec> world no . .  1 novak djokovic wins the monte carlo masters for the first time .  serbian stops rafael nadal 's bid to claim a ninth successive title .  djokovic avenges his final defeats by nadal last year and in 2009 .  nadal 's last defeat in the principality was back in 200 .
 could a warming world lead to pocket-sized sheep ? <sec> study of wild sheep in scotland suggests climate change making them smaller .  authors of report suggest that climate change can override natural selection .  wild soay sheep in remote outer hebrides closely studied since 198 .
 witness to violence : a photographer 's journey below the border <sec> journalist jeff antebi is documenting the drug cartel wars in juarez , mexico .  antebi does not photograph unmasked policemen ; identifying them could get them killed .  the government says 28,000 people have been killed by the cartels since 2007 .  antebi : `` the cartels kill indiscriminately .
 mitt romney 's painfully bad week <sec> david frum : mitt romney 's difficult week pointed to a key aspect of his campaign .  he says romney desperately needs support of white working-class vote .  that demographic group is most likely to be put off by outsourcing , frum says .  frum : romney 's effort to dissociate himself from bain put him in an odd positio .
 paris attack : press freedom , the dangers of provocation <sec> gunmen kill journalists at magazine that lampooned islamic extremism , isis .  attack raises questions about where freedom of the press becomes incitement .  is restraint self-censorship and submission , or a show of respect .
 gop rivals try to deep-six cain 's 9-9-9 plan in debate <sec> new : rick perry says mitt romney 's health plan in massachusetts mirrors obama 's .  new : romney turns attack on perry , citing number of uninsured in texas .  candidates pounce on herman cain 's 9-9-9 plan for eradicating tax code .  cain defends plan as `` bold solution .
 senegal clash with ivory coast abandoned after crowd trouble <sec> fan violence forces abandonment of match between senegal and ivory coast .  didier drogba scores twice for the elephants before rioting senegal fans force players off pitch .  africa cup of nations holders zambia through after penalty shootout .  ghana , mali nigeria , morocco and tunisia all qualify for finlas in south afric .
 study questions benefit of mammograms in women over 50 <sec> study : the difference in mortality related to a screening program alone was 10 percent .  the study says advances in awareness and treatments have likely improved survival .  study focuses on women with breast cancer in norwa .
 family 'shocked ' by tariq aziz verdict <sec> he did nothing wrong and the trial was unfair , his daughter tells cnn .  aziz was iraq 's deputy prime minister from 1981 to 2003 .  the vatican released statement on tuesda .
 man , 63 , caught decades after allegedly impregnating , kidnapping girl <sec> james gibson is in kentucky , charged with kidnapping and sexual assault of a minor .  authorities say he impregnated a relative about three decades ago , then fled arizona .  fearing for her life , the alleged victim waited until her daughter grew up to come forwar .
 who will be the mom on 'how i met your mother ? ' <sec> `` how i met your mother '' executives promise to introduce mother character .  rachel bilson , stacy keibler and carrie underwood all cast in 100th episode .  instinct tells writer that bilson is too obvious a choic .
 italian striker vieri opts to quit atalanta <sec> former italian international christian vieri leaves atalanta will immediate effect .  the 35-year-old striker blames fans ' jeering for decision to cancel his contract .  vieri changed clubs a remarkable 13 times after his professional debut in 199 .
 sarah vowell 's voyage through hawaiian history <sec> sarah vowell 's latest book explores the history of hawaii and how it became a state .  she describes missionaries and natives as two conservative groups squaring off .  although sad in many parts , she says hawaiian history is fascinatin .
 how the oscar 'in memoriam ' segment is decided <sec> two deaths are being petitioned for inclusion in this year 's oscars `` in memoriam '' .  the process of listing actors in this segment takes place weeks in advance .  a list of roughly 300 submissions often gets whittled down to around 40 .  the producers do n't get to decide , but rather an academy committe .
 wahl : suarez saga is harming liverpool 's global brand <sec> sports illustrated 's grant wahl says liverpool fc have handled suarez saga very badly .  luis suarez 's refusal to shake hands with patrice evra gained headlines around the world .  wahl says liverpool pr statement following suarez ban in december was one of the worst he 's see .
 iraqi president to go to germany for medical treatment <sec> jalal talabani was hospitalized earlier this week in iraq .  a kurdish lawmaker said talabani had a stroke .  talabani 's office said he was suffering from hardening of the arterie .
 navy identifies seal killed in afghanistan rescue <sec> new : high school classmates say checque always knew he wanted to join the military .  the defense department identifies the seal slain in the rescue effort .  dr. dilip joseph was among three abducted while returning from a rural clinic , officials say .  two local afghan leaders say smugglers were responsible ; isaf blames the taliba .
 pregnant with girl or boy ? at-home test may tell you <sec> just 10 weeks after conception , women can take at-home test to predict gender .  intelligender : test is 80 percent accurate , cautions users to confirm via sonogram .  pro-life groups worry tests will be used to as gender-selection tool .  intelligender wo n't sell kit in india , china because of national bias for boy .
 nadal wins in barcelona , ivanovic out of stuttgart <sec> world number two rafael nadal starts with win at barcelona open .  reigning champion enjoys 30th straight victory in the tournament .  former world number one ana ivanovic loses to qualifier in stuttgart .  german mona barthel watched ivanovic win french open whilst at schoo .
 chinese communist party ousts controversial politician <sec> investigation finds influence peddling , bribery and womanizing .  bo xilai 's economic programs made him popular in chongqing .  he once was considered for the politburo standing committee , a team that effectively rules china .  bo 's fortunes changed when his wife was tied to a murder cas .
 call to empathy after transgender teen 's death ( opinion ) <sec> lz : transgender teen killed self . .  many make it social , political story ; we should see humanity .  he says in reaction to deaths of cops , garner , brown , empathy falls away , agendas take over .  lz : in these and teen 's death , we too often show lapse in crucial empathy that binds u .
 boy scares off lions with flashy invention <sec> richard turere , 13 , has found an innovative way to protect his family 's cattle from lions .  he created `` lion lights , '' which keeps the predators away from the family 's enclosure .  the kenyan boy will speak about his invention at the ted 2013 conferenc .
 u.n. : 150,000 still in sri lankan camps <sec> returning refugee families are promised relief packages and $ 218 .  u.n. official sees `` good progress '' by sri lankan government despite problems .  sri lankan government set january 2010 for full resettlement of refugee .
 pennsylvania teacher accused of drunk driving , striking 5 high school students <sec> victor swaboski iii , 38 , is a sixth-grade teacher in pennsylvania .  he is suspected of driving drunk and charged with hitting 5 high school students .  three of those students are hospitalized .  the teacher faces multiple felony charge .
 'breaking dawn -- part 1 ' soundtrack : from quiet to slightly less quiet <sec> christina perri 's ''a thousand years '' sets the tone for `` the twilight saga : breaking dawn -- part 1 '' .  do n't let the inclusion of a bruno mars song fool you into thinking `` dawn '' is a leap into pop-crossover diversity .  these weepy tunes about eternity and erotic mythical beasts grow wearisom .
 cnn student news learning activity : steroid use in sports <sec> students will examine the risks associated with using steroids and hgh to improve athletic performanc .
 anna paquin is one 'tough cookie ' <sec> anna paquin plays telepathic waitress sookie on the hbo hit `` true blood '' .  paquin says she could probably drink less coffee and drink more water .  i 'm usually happiest when i 'm nowhere near the scale , paquin say .
 nypd employees disciplined over racist fb comments <sec> the comments were posted on a facebook group page last year called `` no more west indian detail '' .  it was used by those protesting nypd security at the west indian day parade to vent their frustrations .  the parade is an annual event in brooklyn that celebrates west indian history and cultur .
 thousands flee intense falluja fighting <sec> new : falluja fighting sparks a large exodus .  violence reported in ramadi .  a rash of bombings killed several people .  iraq has been wracked with sectarian violenc .
 lawsuit targets 'rip-off ' of 'catcher in the rye ' <sec> lawsuit seeks halt to `` 60 years later : coming through the rye '' .  j.d . .  salinger says `` sequel '' infringes on copyright of his classic novel .  new author says he 's former gravedigger , discovered `` catcher '' in cambodia .  court hearing scheduled for monday in new yor .
 could russian economic turmoil lead to putin downfall ? <sec> consumer prices in moscow soar , ruble falls , some russians stockpile essentials .  poll shows russians ' confidence in future is fading .  russian president putin blames economic woes on the west ; his approval rating still sky-high .  russian opposition hopes economic `` perfect storm '' could bring down putin regim .
 the new musketeers : france 's fantastic four bid for davis cup glory <sec> france seeking to reach the final of the davis cup for second year in a row .  gael monfils , jo-wilfried tsonga , richard gasquet , gilles simon dubbed `` new musketeers '' .  they are striving to emulate the achievements of four famous compatriots .  rene lacoste , henri cochet , jean borotra and `` toto '' brugnon dominated world tenni .
 the 'daisy ' spot and five other compelling political ads <sec> the `` daisy '' spot by lyndon b. johnson 's campaign aired 50 years ago .  it 's widely considered the first political attack ad .  drew babb , an advertising creative director , says the ad mastered overt and subtle tones .  babb shares five other ads he considers masterpiece .
 korean air executive to quit all posts over nuts row <sec> airline chairman : heather cho will be resigning from all posts with the company .  korean air said previously she had resigned from some roles but was keeping her vp title .  the chairman , who is also her father , blames himself , saying he raised her badly .  cho ordered a plane back to the gate after a flight attendant served nuts in a ba .
 mississippi 's only abortion clinic faces threat of shutdown <sec> the jackson women 's health organization is the only abortion clinic in mississippi .  the clinic 's doctors have been unable to get admitting privileges at local hospitals .  one state lawmaker says the aim of the law is to protect women 's healt .
 oscar pistorius murder verdict : how judge will decide <sec> judge thokozile masipa must answer several questions to determine her ruling .  if pistorius knew he was shooting at reeva steenkamp , he committed murder .  if he did not , the verdict hinges on whether pistorius acted reasonably .  the sentence could be anything up to 25 years , depending on the verdic .
 americans detained in honduras now free , heading home <sec> six americans had been detained in honduras for over a month .  they were accused of trying to smuggle weapons into the country on their ship .  a congressman and brother of the ship 's captain say they 're out of prison .  brother : `` we 're happy , but we wo n't celebrate until they are out of honduran waters .
 best of busan , south korea <sec> south korea 's seaside metropolis has a laid-back vibe that separates it from seoul .  local cuisine is different than food found in other parts of the country .  summer swim season is from july 1 to august 31 each yea .
 coal river activist : 'we are all being used ' <sec> lorelei scarbro comes from a long line of coal miners ; husband died of black lung .  she says montcoal is grieving and terrified , but brave men still went to work after tragedy .  scarbro fights for the rights of miners and tries to to stop mountaintop coal removal .  scarbro : massey energy had violations and previous death .
 miley cyrus ' mexican flag stunt in bad taste ( opinion ) <sec> ruben navarrette : miley cyrus concert in monterrey , mexico made tasteless use of mexican flag .  navarrette : what made it particularly egregious was that it came on mexican independence day .  he says cyrus should apologize and could be fined but do n't make it an international inciden .
 china closes book on taiwan 's top bookstore <sec> china banned media coverage of opening of shanghai bookstore by prominent taiwan retailer eslite .  propaganda department did not provide reason for media blackout .  ban follows eslite 's announcement that it will lease space in what is slated to be china 's tallest commercial towe .
 michael schumacher shows slight improvement , doctors say <sec> manager : schumacher hit a rock and was catapulted into the air , landed on his head .  schumacher is showing a slight improvement but is not out of danger , doctor says .  the former formula 1 driver had surgery monday night to relieve pressure on his brain .  schumacher suffered severe head trauma in a skiing accident in the french alp .
 america 's healthiest mall food <sec> asian grilled salmon on brown rice from p.f . .  chang 's china bistro wins top honors .  try the roasted eggplant , spinach , and feta multigrain pizza from uno chicago grill .  for a quick bite , eat the mcdonald 's snack size fruit and walnut sala .
 in school speech , obama says education key to country 's future <sec> speech posted on web site monday for parents , pundits to view .  obama says , `` no matter what you want to do ... you 'll need an education '' .  secretary of education arne duncan : `` silly '' of parents to keep kids out of school .  minnesota gov . .  tim pawlenty : speech could cause first-day `` disruption .
 celebrity fashion labels : the good , the bad and the ugly <sec> rapper kanye west will launch his own fashion label at forthcoming paris fashion week .  follows in footsteps of label-mate jay-z as well a long history of celebrity lines .  clothing ranges have earned some a fortune , but many others are less successful .  branding experts reveal dos and don'ts , while a fashion designer wishes they 'd just sto .
 lee rigby murder : fight extremism without threatening freedom <sec> michael adebolajo believes in didactic power of violence , writes alexander meleagrou-hitchens .  this murder was a calm and calculated effort , he writes .  meleagrou-hitchens : adebolajo 's act should be seen in same light as key propagandists .  the woolwich attackers see west as engaged in efforts to destroy islam , he say .
 texas a & m ; freshman manziel wins heisman trophy <sec> `` i wish they could be on the stage with me , '' manziel says of teammates .  manziel is the first freshman to win the prestigious award .  other finalists were notre dame 's manti te'o and kansas state 's collin klei .
 lisa rinna on writing a book about sex <sec> lisa rinna has written a book with sex therapist ian kerner .  `` the big fun sexy sex book '' is a guide to rejuvenating your sex life .  rinna : `` i feel like not enough people talk about sex , we feel shame about it .
 israeli defense minister apologizes for comments about kerry - cnnpolitics.com <sec> israeli defense minister says he had no intention to offend kerry .  john kerry has `` misplaced obsession and messianic fervor , '' moshe yaalon quoted as saying .  u.s. state department calls the comments `` offensive and inappropriate '' .  kerry has said difficult choices lie ahead for israeli , palestinian negotiator .
 spaniards protest for 7th day despite 1-day ban on demonstrations <sec> thousands turn out over 21 % jobless rate .  appeals court upheld ban , but police are not deployed .  protesters ' tent city in madrid even has day car .
 new tv show plays tricks on your brain <sec> `` brain games '' incorporates optical illusions and perceptual tricks .  your peripheral vision is probably weaker than you think .  card tricks can take advantage of your small attentional spotligh .
 authorities confirm remains are caylee anthony 's <sec> new : casey anthony 's parents express grief , ask for compassion .  meter reader roy kronk comes forward , says he saw bag in wooded area .  casey anthony notified that remains are her daughter 's , authorities say .  medical examiner declares caylee 's death a homicid .
 airlines scramble after winter storm delays flights <sec> monster weekend winter storm blankets a swath of the east coast .  delta offers weather waiver on rescheduling fees ; american to add flights .  record snow blanketed some areas sunday ; philadelphia gets 23.2 inches .  at least four deaths have been linked to the winter stor .
 hillsborough : a tragedy that united a city <sec> the hillsborough stadium disaster claimed lives of 96 football fans on april 15 , 1989 .  former liverpool player steve mcmanaman was in the stands at ground in sheffield .  the tragedy united the english city , with everton supporters also mourning those who died .  it led to a change in stadium safety rules , while a new inquest has begu .
 a year on , haitians cope with wretched memories <sec> a year ago , a massive earthquake struck haiti .  thousands gather to remember and pray at the cathedral in port-au-prince .  the nation marked a moment of silenc .
 east vs west -- what 's behind ukraine 's political crisis ? <sec> ukraine rattled by anti-government protests since november .  demonstrations have escalated into violent clashes .  ukraine is split between closer ties with the eu and cooperating more with russia .  first major government concessions made , opposition wants mor .
 how rourke fought back from the edge <sec> mickey rourke has spent 15 years battling his way back to the top .  after a promising start , he threw away his career with self-destructive behavior .  rourke on losing everything : `` you 've got to look in the mirror and go 'it 's your fault ' '' .  he has been in therapy for 13 years and says he was `` afraid of change .
 afghan children raped with 'impunity , ' u.n. official says <sec> young rape victim 's family vows to commit suicide unless justice is served .  father of another rape victim sobs : `` i just want justice '' .  u.n. official says crimes are accompanied by a `` sense of impunity .
 alaska closer to becoming 3rd state to legalize recreational marijuana <sec> citizens ' group submits more than 45,000 signatures to alaska election officials .  it needs 30,000 verified signatures to qualify for the august state ballot .  the proposal is similar to one passed in colorado .  it allows limited amounts of marijuana for adults ages 21 or olde .
