 texas gov . rick perry vows to fight charges - cnnpolitics.com <sec> gov . .  rick perry says the indictment is politically motivated and vows to fight it .  perry lawyer calls indictments `` political abuse of the court system '' .  indictment by country grand jury in texas stems from effort to remove local prosecutor .  perry allegedly threatened to veto funding for a program run by the da in austi .
 sources : blackwater guards to surrender monday <sec> five former blackwater guards identified .  sources say they are charged in 2007 shooting that killed 17 iraqis .  sixth guard in plea negotiations , sources say .  charges could be made public as early as monda .
 opinion : wiener , from joke to mayor ? <sec> cnn radio podcast features cnn opinion contributors on top three stories .  dean obeidallah : guest jim gaffigan offers parenting advice to hoover , avlon , parents-to-be .  they discuss oklahoma congressmen 's hypocrisy in accepting tornado aid .  they take on bloomberg 's comment that plumbing might be better for some than colleg .
 jury verdict hits boy scouts with $ 18.5 million in punitive damages <sec> kerry lewis among six men suing the boy scouts over allegations of sexual abuse .  lewis ' attorney said boy scouts knew that at least one of them had been abused by ex-scout leader .  attorney : secret boy scout files chronicled decades of abuse of boy .
 pentagon : ex-gitmo detainees resume terror acts <sec> 61 former gitmo detainees still involved in terror acts , according to pentagon .  since 2002 , nearly 520 detainees have been released from detention facility .  president-elect barack obama wants to shut down guantanamo upon taking offic .
 arizona wildfire forces full evacuation of two cities <sec> new : full evacuations ordered for two arizona towns .  the fire has burned about 389,000 acres .  authorities fear it could spread and have evacuated thousands of peopl .
 why is n't disney 's princess sofia latino ? <sec> ruben navarrette : disney 's newest princess , sofia , may or may not be hispanic .  navarrette : executive producer said sofia is hispanic , but disney said she 's just a princess .  he says a lot of hispanics -- 52 million americans -- do n't like being played with .  navarrette : disney wants to dip into the hispanic market but botched it with this attemp .
 saudi man arrested after boasting about sex on tv <sec> mazen abdul jawad appeared last week on a show on lebanese channel .  he gives `` graphic details about his sexual conquests , '' reports arab news .  in deeply conservative saudi arabia , pre-marital sex is illegal .  about 100 people have filed a complaint against abdul jawad ; punishment not clea .
 aaa : more travelers to hit the road during labor day weekend <sec> travelers are also expected to spend more on their trips , aaa says .  survey : gas prices are not expected to have a major impact on travel plans .  air travel for the holiday is expected to rise 3.7 .
 six gay men shot to death in iraq by tribe members <sec> in the most recent attack , two men were killed thursday in sadr city area of baghdad .  witnesses tell cnn a sadr city cafe , also popular with gay men , was set on fire .  shootings came after tribal meeting when members decided to go after the victim .
 no repeat of 2012 french final as nadal and djokovic drawn in same half <sec> rafael nadal and novak djokovic drawn in same half at french open .  means there will be no repeat of 2012 final -- won by nadal .  roger federer seeded to face david ferrer in the other semifinal .  serena williams and defending champion maria sharapova separated in women 's dra .
 fire breaks out at egyptian interior ministry in aftermath of protest <sec> ministry spokesman : electrical circuit malfunction may be to blame .  the fire has been extinguished .  protesters deny setting the blaze .  the ministry was the scene of a protest earlier tuesda .
 luxury cruise liner involved in collision off vietnam <sec> luxury cruise ship hits container vessel in thick fog off coast of vietnam .  `` we hit full force into the side of this container ship , '' a passenger says .  silversea describes the incident as `` minor '' .  `` it was a major collision , '' the passenger say .
 after walking on moon , astronauts trod various paths <sec> a dozen men walked on the moon , and each later followed a different path .  historian says they have a `` hard time coming up with something to do for an encore '' .  buzz aldrin briefly worked as a car salesman in texas .  neil armstrong sued hallmark over its use of his `` one small step '' quot .
 man stabs 4 people in amtrak train from chicago <sec> the train was on its way from chicago .  report : amtrak called 911 to report a man who appeared agitated .  it 's unclear what the motive wa .
 hillary clinton sworn in as secretary of state <sec> new : sen. john mccain urges colleagues to confirm hillary clinton .  childhood friend swears in clinton on bible belonging to her late father .  clinton submits letter of resignation from the senate .  former president clinton pledges to limit foreign donation .
 why ca n't nigerians watch the country 's biggest movie ? <sec> nigerian biyi bandele is the director of `` half of a yellow sun '' .  the film is based on a novel about the biafran war .  last month , nigeria 's film board delayed the release of the movi .
 liquid specs a bold vision for world 's poor <sec> a lack of optometrists means many in the developing world ca n't get glasses .  josh silver has developed glasses with lenses that can be altered by the wearer .  the technology could be used to provide glasses for one billion people .  global vision 2020 is training charity workers to dispense the glasse .
 girl 's long-awaited lung transplant complete <sec> new : sarah murnaghan 's family says there were no issues during her lung transplant .  new : surgery took six hours , sarah did 'extremely well , '' family spokesman says .  her family fought to change the policy for children 's lung transplants .  organization overseeing transplants ruled monday to make children under 12 eligible for priority on adult list .
 u.s. to house unaccompanied migrants in texas facility <sec> the gsa is converting a warehouse in mcallen , texas , into a processing center .  up to 1,000 children who try to enter the u.s. would be held there , building permit shows .  unaccompanied children are a growing problem along the border .  many of the unaccompanied children hope to unite with a family membe .
 new 'idol ' judge looking forward to challenge <sec> kara dioguardi is new judge on `` american idol '' .  dioguardi is successful songwriter , has written for pink , gwen stefani .  dioguardi says she 'll be tough and fair ; she and paula abdul are old friend .
 opinion : chen guangcheng , nyu and academic freedom <sec> dissident chen guangcheng says nyu asked him to leave due to chinese pressure .  james millward : chen 's experiences highlight challenges faced by u.s. universities .  he says china should abandon counterproductive efforts to intimidate foreign institutions .  millward : heads of u.s. institutions should take a firm stand for academic freedo .
 how to build your home from scratch for $ 35,000 <sec> makers around the world develop low-cost solutions to global housing shortage .  'wikihouse ' allows users to design , share , download , adapt and 'print ' their own house .  irish architect dominic stevens built his own home for under €25,000 .  renzo piano , designer of europe 's tallest building , has unveiled his smallest project : a tiny one-person hous .
 isis putting price tags on children , u.n. says <sec> u.n. official says the terror group is using mentally-challenged children .  she urges iraq to protect children nationwid .
 julia robert 's half-sister , nancy motes , found dead in los angeles <sec> nancy motes was found on the floor of a bathroom sunday .  `` she has a history of some medical issues , '' coroner 's spokesman says .  prescription drugs were found near her body , official say .
 iman : the model entrepreneur <sec> former supermodel iman now has own multi-million dollar cosmetics business .  discovered by photographer peter beard in kenya ; married to david bowie .  organizes fund-raising events for charities including , keep a child alive .  `` iman : the moment i got into the modeling industry , i knew i had to be an entrepreneur .
 china crazy for football , even if it 's not good at it <sec> china 's national team has reached the world cup finals only once , back in 2002 .  chinese football fans are still crazy about the world cup , doing everything they can to watch overnight games .  the world cup audience generates huge revenue for companies in chin .
 amanda knox concedes being 'tone-deaf ' in days after roommate 's murder <sec> amanda knox tells abc that she wants to one day visit the gravesite of meredith kercher .  knox and boyfriend acquitted in kercher 's murder , but appeals court wants her retried .  the night of kercher 's murder , knox smoked pot , but it did n't cloud her memory , she says .  interview comes on heels of memoir , for which knox was reportedly paid $ 3.8 millio .
 adebayor treble as arsenal score six <sec> emmanuel adebayor hits hat-trick as arsenal thrash derby 6-2 at pride park .  the result follows arsenal 's 5-0 win against bottom side earlier this season .  arsenal are four points behind man united and chelsea with two matches lef .
 cnn 's most-viewed online stories of 2009 <sec> stories include air emergencies , celebrity deaths , a solved missing persons mystery .  story with most views was october 's balloon incident involving a colorado family .  michael jackson 's death and memorial both garnered high viewer interest .  viewers also paid much attention to air france flight 447 , which crashed off brazil in jun .
 paris extends velib bike hire program to kids <sec> p'tit velib program claims to be the first self-service bike rental scheme aimed at kids .  four sizes of cycle aimed at kids as young as two are available for hire .  paris hosts one of the world 's most successful adult bike hire plans , with more than 20,000 cycles availabl .
 obama : 'do not foresee scenario ' of american boots on ground in syria <sec> new : `` as a general rule , i do n't rule things out as commander-in-chief , '' president says .  obama says he has discussed the issue with leaders in the region and they agree .  he says there is evidence of chemical weapons use in syria .  `` we do n't know when , where or how they were used , '' the president say .
 five more bodies found on japan 's erupting mount ontake <sec> 36 people are now presumed dead following volcanic eruption .  24 bodies still remain on the mountain , while 12 have been recovered and pronounced dead .  seismologists warn that another big eruption could take place in the coming days .  mount ontake began erupting saturday , unleashing a cloud of ash that engulfed hiker .
 greg orman wo n't pick sides on election day <sec> greg orman tells cnn he 's confident about his race against sen. pat roberts in kansas .  the independent candidate refuses to say which party he 'll caucus with if he win .
 3-d printer helps save dying baby <sec> kaiba gionfriddo stopped breathing daily and had to receive cpr .  doctors tried the equivalent of a `` hail mary '' pass .  they created a splint on a 3-d printer to enable him to breath .
 comedian sarah silverman 's sister , niece detained at israel 's western wall <sec> 10 women were detained for `` performing a religious act contrary to the local customs '' .  the women were wearing shawls that only men are allowed to use at the wall .  women of the wall calls for equal wall access for all jewish practices and denominations .  the group says that only in the past 22 months have police detained or arrested the wome .
 how to master 'the 48 laws of power ' <sec> book 's ruthless guide to power has won fans .  `` the 48 laws of power '' fans include ceos , rappers and an nba star .  the rapper , 50 cent , liked the book so much that he co-wrote a sequel .  book 's author : `` there is no use in trying to opt out '' of the game of powe .
 why scotland 's 'no ' vote will relieve uk allies , make eu exit less likely <sec> hammond : uk allies will breathe sigh of relief after scotland rejects independence .  `` no '' vote makes britain 's proposed exit from the european union less likely .  questions remain about what to do with the uk 's scotland-based nuclear arsenal .  outcome will please other european leaders grappling with secessionist movement .
 gop 's soul-searching leads conflicted party to double down <sec> conservative republicans revisiting core policies in search to redefine message .  gop struggles to clarify its direction during the conservative political action conference .  some political experts feel party needs major overhau .
 supreme court women lash out at birth control decision - cnnpolitics.com <sec> three women justices dissent against high court 's latest obamacare order .  justice sotomayor : those bound by decisions ca n't take take us at our word .  the cases involve exceptions to a mandate to provide health coverage for contraceptives .  supporters say the decisions uphold religious rights ; foes say they hurt women 's right .
 cameron urges scotland not to vote for independence <sec> new : pm cameron says he would be heartbroken by split as he campaigns in edinburgh .  cameron : `` let no one in scotland be in any doubt : we desperately want you to stay '' .  energy giant bp urges scotland to stay in the united kingdom .  palace : the queen `` is above politics '' and does n't want to influence outcome of vot .
 3d projects new vision for the movie industry <sec> digital tech impetus behind 3d films ; studios still working out how best to use .  format could lead to new creative boom in hollywood , say analysts .  movie industry suggests 3d films are much harder to pirate .  advocates estimate tipping point of 5,000 3d theatres in u.s. in two year .
 nc approves compensation for victims of forced sterilization <sec> thirty-three states had forced sterilization programs for much of the 20th century .  california 's was the largest , sterilizing 20,000 people .  lawmakers in north carolina ok $ 10 million to go to those forcibly sterilized in that state .  it 's believed nc sterilized more than 7,000 people between 1929 and 197 .
 'x-files ' returning to fox for six episodes <sec> the rumors are true : `` x-files '' is returning .  david duchovny , gillian anderson and producer chris carter are all back .  carter : `` the world has only gotten that much stranger '' since the show went off the air in 200 .
 palestinian teen 's name to be removed from memorial <sec> abu khdeir 's name is on the memorial wall at jerusalem 's mount herzl .  his father and a terror victim advocacy group objected to his being included in the list .  the palestinian teenager was beaten and burned by three israelis , authorities sa .
 study : dogs can feel jealous , too <sec> a new university of california study suggests dogs can exhibit jealousy .  study dogs acted jealous when their owners displayed affection to a fake dog .  experts say study is significant step forward in understanding pets ' emotion .
 aisle be there : the personalized wedding march <sec> many stick with traditional options like the `` bridal march '' for their walk down the aisle .  others choose artists and songs that reflect their relationship .  it is n't always a parent accompanying their child down the aisle .  some choose a sibling , other relative , pet or a solo strol .
 u.n. agencies : stop the suffering in syria <sec> four million people inside syria are in desperate need of help .  more than half a million others have fled to neighboring countries .  u.n. agencies say they struggle to get aid to some areas inside syria .  u.n. : `` living conditions in all areas of the country are deteriorating rapidly .
 10 pop-culture robots that shaped the future <sec> real-world robotics have been inspired by pop-culture creations .  leonardo da vinci was working on an `` automaton '' as early as 1495 .  the term `` robot '' comes from a 1921 czech play .  six years after that , `` metropolis '' brought us the first movie robo .
 pardoned dui convict faces more charges in fatal accident <sec> harry bostick is a repeat dui offender .  he was pardoned for his third dui while facing charges for a fourth .  bostick received one of more than 200 pardons issued by mississippi 's former governor .  former gov . .  haley barbour says he was n't aware of bostick 's fourth dui violatio .
 mexican drug cartels thrive in suburban atlanta <sec> city outpaces all others in the united states in drug-related cash seizures .  $ 30 million has been confiscated in atlanta this fiscal year .  location , proximity to other cities and highways cited in trafficking growth .  drug dealers `` hide in plain sight '' in suburban gwinnett count .
 lebanon 's mohamad chatah -- u.s. friend , hezbollah foe -- killed in blast <sec> death toll rises to 7 .  bombers `` want to assassinate lebanon , '' former prime minister says .  chatah and his bodyguard were killed ; 71 were wounded .  hezbollah decries attack , says it `` only benefits the enemies of lebanon .
 how you connected poland and south korea <sec> highlights of some of the connections viewers and readers made between poland and south korea .  both countries have a love of fermented cabbage .  they are also both two of the hardest working nations in the worl .
 24 hours in rome : pizzas , piazzas and 'la dolce vita ' <sec> our tips for rome : hire a private guide to see michaelangelo 's stunning frescoes .  indulge in homemade gnocchi and gelatto in rome 's bustling piazzas .  taste the good life with the late-night locals at bar della pace .  what are your favorite places in rome ? .  share them with cnn users below .
 behind the scenes of the hollywood walk of fame <sec> ana martinez is the curator-in-chief for the hollywood walk of fame .  so far martinez has produced 586 star ceremonies .  on monday she will be at the helm for the unveiling of steve guttenberg 's sta .
 rep. hobson is 12th in gop to announce leaving <sec> rep. david hobson tells constituents he will step down in 2008 after nine terms .  hobson is a senior member of a house appropriations defense subcommittee .  gop will be seeking to reclaim the congressional majorities it lost in 200 .
 'inspiring , ' 'insane ' describe new york polling places in sandy 's wake <sec> new : `` today is an interesting day , '' new york city 's elections commissioner says .  `` it 's inspiring to see so many people up and out to vote , '' one woman says .  `` we have everybody coming in from everywhere , '' a poll coordinator says .  the city board of elections temporarily relocated or combined some polling location .
 rallies across italy protest berlusconi 's sex scandal <sec> thousands of italians in some 200 cities rally against the prime minister .  berlusconi is accused of paying an underage girl for sex .  these are the biggest rallies since the scandal broke .  berlusconi and the young woman deny they had se .
 exploring canada 's wine regions <sec> canada 's wines have gained ever-greater kudos in recent years .  you 're rarely too far from a wine region in canada .  prince edward county , a comparatively new grape-growing region , is a charming alternative to niagar .
 union flag raised in belfast as disorder continues <sec> police say 66 officers injured , 100 arrests made since protests started five weeks ago .  the union flag flew over belfast city hall for the first time since a controversial vote .  it was raised to mark the birthday of the duchess of cambridge .  violent protests roil east belfast for a sixth night , but are smaller than on previous night .
 sayreville abuse went far beyond hazing ( opinion ) <sec> sayreville football players are accused of sexual assault against freshmen .  mel robbins : school superintendent was right to cancel the football season .  coaches must be held accountable , even if they did n't know what was happening , she says .  robbins : practices like this happen over years , so attackers may have been victims themselve .
 russian parliament approves extension of presidential term <sec> russian media speculates change intended to pave the way for putin 's return .  kremlin says amendment needed to ensure stability of future governments .  president dmitry medvedev announced the measures two weeks ago .  next russian presidential elections set for 201 .
 cnn turns spotlight on environmental issues <sec> cnn international to broadcast series of reports on earth day , april 22 .  additional specials are planned for july and october .  cnn plans in-depth reporting around copenhagen climate conferenc .
 ncaa not ruling out tough sanctions on penn state football <sec> ncaa president mark emmert says he does n't want to `` take anything off the table '' .  emmert , in pbs interview , says he has `` never seen anything as egregious '' .  `` what the appropriate penalties are ... we 'll have to decide , '' emmert told pbs .
