 julian assange : loathed , admired , here to stay <sec> julian assange is facing extradition to sweden on allegations of sex crimes .  assange said he was raised by parents in theater business in australia .  his mother , christine , has been one of his fiercest defender .
 isis militants free hundreds of yazidis , official says <sec> most of those released were children and the elderly .  they are now under the care of kurdish authoritie .
 chelsea title hopes fading after sunderland defeat <sec> chelsea lose 2-1 to sunderland at stamford bridge .  defeat at home is mourinho 's first in 78 english premier league matches .  sunderland remain bottom of table but move to within one point of nearest rival .
 rare song manuscript found in flea market <sec> `` america '' ( my country 't is of thee ) found tucked behind a picture .  picture sells for $ 10 at flea market ; manuscript reportedly worth thousands .  `` america '' first played in public on july 4 , 183 .
 hundreds dead as monsoon hits india , nepal <sec> dozens dead after heavy rains in northern and eastern parts of india .  more than a 100 dead , thousands missing in nepal .  heavy rains in recent days have caused flooding and landslides across the regio .
 ibrahimovic strike sends milan four clear <sec> zlatan ibrahimovic scores winner for leaders ac milan for second game in a row .  swede 's overhead kick is the only goal of the game against visiting fiorentina .  roma move into third place in serie a table with a 2-0 victory at home to udinese .  french winger jeremy menez scores opening goal and then sets up marco borriell .
 five omg moments at the dnc <sec> twitter embraces first night , with tweets surpassing 2.1 million before first lady appears .  mother shares heartbreaking story about insurance coverage struggles for 2-year-old .  animal lovers showing more support on facebook for barack obama than mitt romne .
 chelsea end manchester city 's home run <sec> chelsea end manchester city 's 100 % home league record with a 1-0 win at etihad stadium .  jose mourinho 's side remain in third place but are now level on 53 points with city .  villarreal beat osasuna 3-1 in la liga to move within three points of fourth-place bilba .
 kendrick johnson 's parents found guilty of misdemeanor <sec> kendrick johnson 's family given suspended sentence , so they wo n't go to jail .  parents have staged or attended numerous protests since their son 's january 2013 death .  he was found dead inside a rolled gym mat at his high school ; a federal investigation is ongoin .
 mississippi state president : student 's shooting believed 'isolated incident ' <sec> new : the student is identified as john sanderson .  the victim was shot more than once , an official says .  police are looking for three men who fled the are .
 website says 4,000-plus iraqi civilians killed in 2011 <sec> iraq body count says 4,063 iraqi civilians were killed in 2011 .  figures from 2009-2011 indicate iraq faces a `` persistent low-level conflict '' .  the website says up to 114,000 iraqi civilians have died since 200 .
 the kurdish women fighting isis <sec> jacob russell 's intimate photo essay follows kurdish female fighters .  he says the images of these peshmerga have an important social , political rol .
 lady gaga , elton john record song for disney movie <sec> gaga and john 's song `` hello , hello '' will appear on the soundtrack for a disney film .  the animated film , `` gnomeo and juliet , '' hits theaters on february 11th , 2011 .  john has contributed music to movies before , most notably with `` the lion king '' soundtrac .
 1 ice agent slain , another wounded in mexico <sec> new : mexican government confirms ice agent slain in gun attack .  second victim in stable condition after being shot in the arm and leg .  u.s. officials , mexican government condemn attac .
 tv this week : new 'late late show , ' 'inspector gadget ' <sec> james corden breaks into late night on monday as new `` late late show '' host .  corden is a household name in the uk and will take over craig ferguson 's show .  big finales this week include `` girls , '' `` mindy project , '' `` pretty little liars .
 iran executes man as israeli spy , hangs opposition group member <sec> the executions took place at tehran 's evin prison .  one man is executed for spying for israel .  another man is hanged as member of a government opposition grou .
 ronaldo treble as real madrid move clear <sec> real madrid three points clear of barcelona going into spain 's winter break .  cristiano ronaldo scores his fifth hat-trick this season in 6-2 victory at sevilla .  it takes him to 20 league goals this season , three more than barca 's lionel messi .  espanyol move up to seventh with a 2-1 win at third-bottom sporting gijo .
 cartagena fallout hangs over secret service issues <sec> the 2012 incident in cartagena , colombia , eventually led to ouster of eight secret service employees . .  an unpaid white house intern was working as advance staff during the trip . .  a person close to the white house investigation says the administration did not try to cover up the link .
 police : doctor injured when bomb erupts in lexus <sec> new : police say bomb placed in doctor 's car .  dr. trent pierce described as pillar of community , well-liked .  aerial footage shows lexus suv with its front end extensively damage .
 obsessions : welcome back buffy <sec> gellar plays ex-stripper bridget and her wealthy twin sister siobhan on `` ringer '' .  a boating scene shared by both of gellar 's characters attracted negative criticism .  `` ringer '' reeled in a solid audience for the cw -- 2.7 million viewer .
 turkey says it will escort aid boats to gaza <sec> new : israeli government officials say a possible response is being discussed .  turkey 's statement comes during an escalation of tensions between israel and turkey .  `` israel will be answered appropriately , '' the turkish prime minister says .  earlier , turkey expelled three israeli diplomats from the israeli embassy in ankar .
 is bradley manning a hero ? <sec> bob meola authored a resolution for berkeley city council calling pfc . .  bradley manning a hero .  he says manning , if he is source for wikileaks , deserves thanks for exposing official wrongdoing .  berkeley city council member gordon wozniak says manning should have day in court .  he says passing resolution would encourage others to leak classified materia .
 opinion : do n't give medals for drone attacks <sec> a policy is under review that would make it feasible to award medals to drone operators .  ruben navarrette : pentagon officials should scrap this medal altogether .  he says unlike other medals , drone operators are never in harm 's way .  navarrette : handing out award for drone strikes reinforces fantasy of war as a video gam .
 paralyzed pooch steals hearts , gets new wheels <sec> owners of disabled animals can feel very alone : online communities provide feedback and hope .  veterinary technician christina simpson build a dog wheelchair from pvc and lawnmower parts .  plans for dog wheelchairs are available on the interne .
 wanted : time travelers posting to social media <sec> new study uses twitter to look for predictions of the future .  research found no prescient mentions of comet ison or pope francis .  physicists say time travel is probably not possibl .
 interracial couple 's daughter fights to validate her same-sex marriage <sec> susan green 's father was black , her mother was white when they married in 1961 .  she says they wed despite pressure not to do so as an interracial couple .  green is now married to her partner , but their same-sex marriage is n't valid in arizona .  her parents ' story encourages her to keep fighting for equal right .
 will the court strike down affirmative action ? <sec> the supreme court has agreed to take on a case about race-conscious admission policies .  abigail thernstrom : if the court declares affirmative action unconstitutional , it 'll be surprising .  she says that the life of a 2003 decision by justice sandra day o'connor is now on the line .  thernstrom : the gap in mean sat scores between blacks and whites persist .
 sheriff 's deputy , locksmith killed during eviction ; body found in burned building <sec> new : a locksmith helping in the eviction process was shot dead , police say .  new : an unidentified body was found inside the burned apartment building .  new : a police officer says authorities are not looking for any suspects in the case .  a sheriff 's deputy was fatally shot while trying to serve an eviction notice in modest .
 'angry ' obama announces irs leader 's ouster in scandal - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the president will appoint a new acting commissioner this week , a source says .  president obama says `` americans have a right to be angry ... and i am angry '' .  irs identifies two `` rogue '' employees , congressional source says .  the former acting irs commissioner will testify before a house committee on frida .
 cnn student news transcript : may 23 , 2011 <sec> find out what happened in iraq on the day when britain 's combat troops left .  understand what caused tension in the close ties between the u.s. and israel .  liven up your knowledge about what it would take to prepare for zombies .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 commentary : obama 's first 200 days a reckless experiment <sec> michael steele : the second hundred days have been worse than the first .  he says obama 's programs call for massive spending on liberal priorities .  cap-and-trade bill is a disguised energy tax on average americans , he says .  he says health care reform would be costly and lead to government contro .
 ousted chinese official 's wife arrested in briton 's death <sec> china announces arrests in the death of british businessman neil heywood .  the wife of ex-chongqing party chief bo xilai is one of those arrested , cctv reports .  bo stripped of top communist party posts for unspecified violations , network said .  his wife and the businessman had a `` conflict over economic interests , '' xinhua report .
 collection of phone records : valuable tool or 'beyond orwellian ' ? <sec> the top u.s. intel official says leaks affect national security .  some say the program is key to fighting terrorism and includes oversight .  the program was used to stop `` terrorist plots '' on u.s. soil , sen. feinstein says .  critics say it 's overreach , with al gore calling it `` obscenely outrageous .
 meet siku : polar bear cub , heart- and ice-melter <sec> siku is being bottle-reared because his mother can not produce enough milk .  the cub is growing rapidly and has now opened his eyes , his handler says .  park director frank vigh-larsen wants siku to highlight the threat to polar bears .  polar bears rely on sea ice to hunt , so are vulnerable to climate change in the arcti .
 smart trial defendant described as manipulative <sec> wanda barzee says she regrets having succumbed to her husband 's demands .  brian mitchell played to her strong religious beliefs , estranged wife says .  witness says she was ordered to cook her daughter 's pet rabbit , then serve it to he .
 death toll from turkey quake more than 600 <sec> more than 4,100 people were injured in the quake last sunday .  the town of ercis was hard-hit .  more than 230 people have been pulled alive from the rubbl .
 turmoil reigns in libya ; some call interim prime minister vote invalid <sec> confusion and uncertainty over the vote for interim prime minister in libya .  businessman ahmed mitig was sworn-in sunday as interim pm .  highest-ranking libyan parliament official says mitig vote was invalid .  libya 's parliament expected to clarify results when it reconvenes monda .
 pope visits synagogue , calls for dialogue <sec> new : pope benedict xvi visits the main jewish synagogue in rome , italy , on sunday .  pope angered jews in rome last month by moving pius xii closer to becoming a saint .  jews believe pius xii should have done more to free predecessors rounded up by the nazis .  vatican says pius xii worked behind the scenes to save jews from the holocaus .
 join the climate debate with cnn <sec> cnn and youtube host a one-hour debate on december 15 about climate change challenge .  debate will air live on cnn.com , and later on cnn international .  comes just days before the end of the un summit on climate change in copenhagen .  world leaders are seeking a global agreement to reduce carbon emission .
 no-fly zone could be canceled if libya pulls back forces <sec> new : consensus is against using u.s. ground troops , congressional leader says .  goal of u.n. 's efforts is to stop violence against libyan people , official says .  but ultimate goal of u.s. policy is to force gadhafi to step down .  administration 's main approach is to keep international community focuse .
 video shows philadelphia police officer punch woman during street gathering <sec> new : the officer who hit the woman is lt. jonathan josey , a police spokeswoman says .  woman was attending puerto rican day parade .  crowd gathered as police handcuffed man against a car .  cops were doused with liquids prompting one officer to turn around , go after woma .
 firefighter criticizes sotomayor ruling <sec> frank ricci one of 20 firefighters who claimed reverse discrimination in promotions .  plaintiff : decision undermined concept of a merit-based civil service system .  sotomayor : ruling was based on `` a very thorough '' decision by the district court .  new york mayor michael bloomberg , others spoke in favor of judge 's confirmatio .
 ces keynote : young people today are 'born mobile ' <sec> chip-maker qualcomm kicked off the 2013 consumer electronics show with a keynote .  ceo paul jacobs highlighted the expansion of mobile technology beyond smartphones and tablets .  the talk featured random guest stars , including big bird , guillermo del toro and maroon .
 former drug addicts find new fixation on triathlons <sec> new jersey man finds solace in exercise after spending youth on drugs .  eddie freas now member of group that advocates physical fitness in place of drugs .  freas competes in ironman and also mentors a new jersey teenage .
 syrian expats uniting for common cause <sec> syrian expatriates across the world are uniting against the regime of bashar al-assad .  their mission is cutting across ethnic and religious lines .  many syrians are raising money in the u.s. and speaking about the crisi .
 venus williams wins in dubai to end title drought <sec> venus williams downs alize cornet to win tennis title in dubai .  it was the 33-year-old 's biggest title since triumphing in dubai four years ago .  williams owns a 15-match winning streak at the tournament .  france 's cornet had upset serena williams in friday 's semifinal .
 carter : 'overdue ' cuba decision 'courageous ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> former president jimmy carter has been critical of president obama 's foreign policy in the past .  but carter said obama 's move to normalize relations with cuba took courage and is long overdu .
 young entrepreneur squats at aol office for 2 months to keep dream alive <sec> eric simons was chosen to be part of an aol program to foster entrepreneurship .  his venture capital funds ran out while he was working from aol 's silicon valley office .  simons spent the next two months sleeping , eating and showering at the office .  `` if i did n't do that , we would n't have been able to build '' his product , he say .
 google might have to relocate its mystery barge <sec> google does not have the proper permits for its showroom barge , state says .  the four-story structure is still under construction at treasure island in san francisco bay .  the once mysterious barge has already delayed its opening due to inspection .
 the great american sleep recession <sec> teens may be suffering the most from sleep deprivation , new study says .  national sleep foundation has new recommendations on how much sleep to get .  mindful meditation can help those suffering sleep disturbances , researchers sa .
 prison boss opposes release of ailing ex-manson follower <sec> decision puts case in parole board 's hands , spokeswoman says .  susan atkins is serving life sentence for role in manson family murders of late 1960s .  web site quotes atkins ' husband as saying she has terminal brain cance .
 manchester united still on course for historic treble after fa cup win <sec> manchester beat reading 2-1 to move into the quarter finals of the english fa cup .  goals from portuguese midfielder nani and striker javier hernandez see off reading .  coach alex ferguson makes eight changes from the side that drew with real madrid .  lazio miss the chance to go third in serie a after a 3-0 defeat at lowly sien .
 hillary clinton 2016 draws gentle joking from kissinger <sec> kissinger used a short speech on wednesday to joke about clinton 2016 .  he appeared with five other secretaries of state .  kissinger said for `` all of us , except one '' the job was the most challenging of their lives .  he has told npr that clinton `` would be a good president '' but he 'd still vote republica .
 georgia crisis tests presidential candidates <sec> new : obama calls russia 's invasion `` turning point '' in relationship with west .  john mccain has been aggressive in condemning russia 's military action .  barack obama is on vacation but receiving briefings about the conflict .  obama initially did not cast blame but now has toughened talk on russi .
 can 80,000 people play this video game together ? <sec> `` twitch plays pokemon '' has drawn tens of thousands of followers .  game lets crowd control an old game boy game through chat commands .  `` social experiment '' has spawned reddit blog , fan art , twitter feed .  its creator is n't optimistic about succes .
 jet makes landing with football-sized hole <sec> southwest airlines jet makes emergency landing in charleston , west virginia .  football-sized hole in fuselage causes cabin to depressurize , oxygen masks to drop .  no injuries reported aboard boeing 737 ; flight 2294 was traveling at 34,000 feet .  no determination of what caused the hole in middle of cabin near top of aircraf .
 more details emerge on u.s. ambassador 's last moments <sec> local official says he warned u.s. diplomats about security in the area .  `` the situation is frightening , it scares us , '' the official says .  he says it was not the first time he warned foreigners about the worsening securit .
 iran 's jewish community in esfahan : we 'feel at home ' <sec> jews have been living in iran for more than 2,500 years .  1,500 jews call esfahan home despite tensions between iran and israel .  community leader : `` israel and iran are countries , and we consider ourselves iranian jews .
 the scene : 'funny 's ' sandler goes to the doctor <sec> `` funny people '' stars adam sandler as comedian who gets bad health news .  judd apatow-directed film balances comedy with dead seriousness .  many tough scenes are lightened by byplay of sandler , co-star .
 taliban leader : we have no faith in obama <sec> taliban leader : we have no faith in barack obama .  taliban not expecting change in relationship with u.s . .  obama has committed himself to defeating the taliban and al qaed .
 rwanda genocide suspect arrested , extradited <sec> iidephonse nizeyimana was picked from a hotel north of ugandan capital .  extradited to tanzania , where international criminal tribunal for rwanda based .  police : he ( nizeyimana ) is among the top three most-wanted suspects .  some figures put number of dead from attacks on ethnic tutsis at 1 millio .
 ebola outbreak : get up to speed <sec> new : liberian president `` a bit more confident '' about avoiding most dire predictions .  new : spokesman : us airways followed cdc guidelines after health scare on dominican flight .  after negative test , texas sheriff 's deputy is discharged .  hotel closed in macedonia after sudden death , ministry say .
 new york man charged with hate crimes for seven 'knockout ' assaults <sec> new york man charged with hate crime assaults in november , december attacks .  `` knockout '' attackers try to knock a stranger unconscious with single blow .  alleged victims included two elderly women and mother walking with young daughte .
 candidate for mexican congress appears topless on billboards <sec> philosophy professor natalia juarez is running for congress in mexico .  her campaign includes a billboard on which she and other women are topless .  the candidate says it 's her way of giving voters a wake-up call with radical ideas for mexico .  `` even if i dressed as a nun ... conservatives are never going to vote for me , '' she say .
