 u.s. transfers 4 more guantanamo detainees <sec> spokesman : a u.s. air force c-17 flew the ex-detainees to afghanistan .  repatriation part of u.s. `` commitment to close '' gitmo , u.s. envoy says .  afghanistan will help `` reintegrate these former detainees , '' u.s. embassy says .  guantanamo bay has held nearly 800 detainees ; there are now 13 .
 syrian opposition questions taliban rebel role <sec> new : are they individuals or part of a splinter group ? .  the pakistani taliban is quoted as saying it has fighters in syria .  foreign fighters have been a presence in syria .  a taliban member calls the news of taliban fighters in syria a rumor , the opposition say .
 djokovic beats isner in marathon as serbia reach last eight <sec> novak djokovic beats john isner in five-set marathon as serbia beat usa in davis cup tie .  serbia reach quarterfinals of the world group for the first time .  defending champions spain will play france in pick of the last eight tie .
 aclu : facebook password is n't your boss ' business <sec> some employers are asking for facebook passwords from job applicants .  aclu says the practice , used to screen candidates , is an invasion of privacy .  a corrections officer says an interviewer logged into his account to check for gang ties .  maryland and illinois are among the states considering laws banning the practic .
 brussels : one of europe 's great travel secrets <sec> rick steves writes european travel guidebooks and hosts travel shows .  his tv series , `` rick steves ' europe , '' airs on pbs stations .  steves ' company , europe through the back door , conducts european tour .
 u.s. hero in north korea , seeks remains of navy 's first black aviator <sec> retired capt . .  thomas hudner received the medal of honor in the korean war .  he returned to north korea to search for the remains of navy aviator jesse brown .  north koreans tell hudner and another veteran the country wants to help with searc .
 panicked onlookers dial 911 after mistaking dog for 'baby lion ' <sec> 911 callers report `` lion sighting '' in virginia .  local zoo workers scuttle to make sure their lions are caged .  this is no runaway big cat ; it 's a pooch groomed to represent a university mascot .  the pup , charles the monarch , is now a `` mane '' attractio .
 7 years ago , american went missing in iran <sec> bob levinson will turn 66 on monday , his son told cnn .  dan levinson wants the u.s. to do more to help find his father .  levinson 's family says he was working for cia when he went missing in ira .
 firefighters contain fire at idaho national laboratory <sec> firefighters have fully contained the 109,305-acre jefferson fire in idaho , government site says .  the fire started tuesday at the idaho national laboratory , a u.s. department of energy site .  power has been restored to the laboratory 's nuclear fuel development complex .  crews planned on mop-up work frida .
 first the man cave , then cross-dressing <sec> man builds man cave , loses 65 pounds in the process .  of all the man cave tales submitted to ireport.com , this is first to include a dress .  bar of man 's dreams is `` magnificent '' .  dress committee sews two dresses together to fit the loser of the be .
 faa orders review of regional airlines ' training <sec> faa to examine training at regional airlines to make sure it meets federal standards .  ntsb investigation into fatal crash in buffalo revealed pilot exam failures .  usa today inquiry found pilot test failures in eight of nine regional airline crashe .
 afghanistan 's untold story : stability , tourists , miniskirts <sec> afghan exile says her world does n't exist anymore .  she says kabul was the `` paris of central asia '' .  afghans say their country was stable and tolerant not long ago .  others say afghanistan 's golden age was confined to citie .
 opinion : living like a sultan at sea <sec> bob greene : on a cruise , if a guest cabin goes unoccupied , that 's money that 's lost .  greene met a man who was living virtually full-time on cruise ships at rock bottom rates .  he was living the ultimate beach-bum fantasy , 21st-century style , greene says .  greene : the downside is that you are cast adrift in many way .
 couple boogies into spotlight with viral wedding video <sec> minnesota couple instant stars after youtube wedding video goes viral .  dancing wedding party garners fans , draws media attention .  fellow youtube star says attention `` can be a bit much to handle '' .  popularity of video has also sparked interest in the chris brown tune feature .
 'hunger games : mockingjay -- part i ' gets new trailer <sec> the official trailer for `` mockingjay -- part i '' debuted monday .  the nearly two-minute clip featured jennifer lawrence 's heroine , katniss everdeen .  the movie debuts november 2 .
 kindle now available for $ 114 , with ads <sec> amazon introducing on-screen ads to its lowest-price model .  ad-supported kindles will begin shipping on may 3 .  director : `` it was very important that we did n't interfere with the reading experience .
 barcelona take slender advantage over real in spanish super cup <sec> barcelona beat real madrid 3-2 in spanish super cup first leg .  late angel di maria goal gives real hope for second leg .  lionel messi , andres iniesta and xavi scored for barca who led 3-1 .  liverpool and inter milan secure away wins in europa league qualifyin .
 natural gas rig burns in gulf of mexico <sec> new : firefighting boats are moved out of the fire 's range , bsee says .  the blast occurs on a platform roughly 60 miles off grand isle , louisiana .  crew members hit an unexpected pocket of gas .  a coast guard vessel witnesses the blast late tuesda .
 globetrotting jocks pack smart , stick to routines <sec> travel is n't as glamorous as you 'd think for professional athletes .  many pack most of their own gear , just like the rest of us .  team usa water polo captain packs light , does n't check bag .
 body found in san francisco hospital stairwell ; review ordered <sec> san francisco 's mayor says the review of the hospital 's security will begin this week .  the body of lynne spalding was found tuesday in a hospital stairwell .  she had been reported missing from her room on september 21 .  the body was discovered by an engineering worker , authorities sai .
 when their hell becomes ours ( opinion ) <sec> gayle lemmon : west has too often ignored extremism overseas .  europe and america are not immune to threat , she say .
 fiona oakes : 'queen of the extreme ' <sec> british amateur runner competes in marathons and ultramarathons .  oakes underwent reconstructive surgery on knee as a teenager .  the 48-year old runs to raise money for her animal sanctuary .  oakes is passionate about veganism and promoting positive image of plant-based die .
 an american cancer survivor , cycling for a cure <sec> anne feeley grew up in new jersey in '60 's , '70s ; knew she wanted america to change .  she says she moved to boston and pursued american option of later college education .  she moved to prague and opened a bakery ; later , she learned she had brain cancer .  after surgery and remission , she formed brains on bikes to raise funds for cancer researc .
 manhunt now global for suspect in canada dismemberment case <sec> police believe luka rocco magnotta has fled canada .  police say they have found a video online of magnotta committing the crime .  dried blood was found on table , bed , bathtub and refrigerator of his apartment .  animal rights activists pegged magnotta as a serial kitten kille .
 former leader of basque terrorist group sentenced to prison <sec> francisco javier garcia gaztelu has been in custody since 2001 .  he is found guilty of ordering the assassination of a basque socialist politician .  he is sentenced to 105 years , but can serve only 40 under spanish la .
 final pieces hoisted atop one world trade center <sec> construction workers cheer as the pieces are hoisted above their heads .  `` this is like the icing on the cake for new york , '' says one , wabc reports .  one world trade center will top out at 1,776 fee .
 joel mchale on the 500th episode of 'the soup ' <sec> `` the soup '' marks its 500th episode milestone .  the show will be broadcast live for the occasion .  guest stars will drop by to celebrat .
 afghan special court dissolved ; 4 afghan police die in nato clash <sec> a special court set-up to prosecute alleged electoral violations is dissolved .  4 afghan police officers die in clashes with nato forces , afghan officials say .  nato `` mistakenly attacked a police checkpoint , '' afghan officials say .  nato is investigatin .
 bid to ban bullfighting in barcelona goes before regional parliament <sec> catalonia would become the first region of mainland spain to ban bullfights .  only one bullfight ring remains in barcelona , with about a dozen fights a year .  `` many traditions disappear as the society advances , '' ban backer says .  economic impact would be painful , bullfight booster argue .
 bibi 's pursuit of self-interest helps palestinians <sec> political survival has been maxim of netanyahu 's domestic and foreign policies , says andreas krieg .  krieg : netanyahu 's foreign policy vis-à-vis the peace process has been disaster .  new term for netanyahu will not be in national interest of israel , it will serve palestinian interests , krieg add .
 police want to question 'person of interest ' in sampras trophy theft <sec> sampras and his family recently moved to a new home .  as many as 51 trophies were stolen .  the items were taken from a storage facilit .
 transportation confronts its 'kodak moment ' <sec> transportation is set to be transformed by digital technology , says many silicon valley commentators .  industry needs to avoid being blindsided by rise in digital tech .  time is right for more development of self-driving cars , believes david frigstad , chairman of frost & sulliva .
 drake brings club paradise to jones beach <sec> drake performed this weekend while rumors swirled about an earlier event .  the rapper has been targeted for speculation regarding an alleged incident with singer chris brown .  drake appeared to address the chatter in his concert remark .
 france says it will not negotiate with rebels who kidnapped family <sec> the minister 's statement comes after rebels show video of kidnapped family .  the family of seven was kidnapped in cameroon .  a masked spokesman says france has declared war in islam .  boko haram wants jailed members and their wives release .
 obit : rip , light bulb <sec> standard incandescent light bulbs will no longer be manufactured .  they 're being replaced by more energy-efficient bulbs .  a standard bulb only puts 10 % of its energy into light , the epa says .  three-way standard lights will still be mad .
 dozens killed in wave of baghdad bombings <sec> new : more than 160 are hurt in iraq .  a commercial area and a district with a sunni mosque was also hit .  more than 300 people have been killed in iraq this mont .
 rappers in casablanca rage against injustice <sec> morocco 's hip-hop scene is focused on the country 's social inequalities .  rappers such as si simo rage against perceived corruption of police and state .  music has become more popular as internet access increased across countr .
 damaged washington monument deemed 'structurally sound ' <sec> the washington monument is declared `` structurally sound '' .  officials decline to say when the monument will re-open to the public .  cracks were discovered after an earthquake in late august ; repairs are required .  the washington monument is 555 feet tal .
 engineers to rappel down washington monument <sec> new : weather delay means the team will try again wednesday .  video from the quake shows a ranger guiding people out calmly , the national park service say .
 opinion : we love and fear oklahoma skies <sec> nathan gunter : okies love the big , full skies , but watch them closely for signs of trouble .  gunter : green clouds are bad ; swirl at edge of a storm pattern means take cover .  we 've had our share of disaster , he says : murrah bombing , previous tornadoes .  gunter : we make sense of it by helping out , finding meaning in acts of selflessnes .
 federal agents nationwide eye atf agent murder trial <sec> new : atf deputy director says the agency stands by clark .  clark , a 9-year veteran of the atf , is charged with second-degree murder .  his prosecution has prompted atf to remove all agents from the virgin islands .  prosecutors say sukow struck clark 's car with a flashlight ; clark shot him five time .
 wildfire burns near yosemite park <sec> new : fire is 60 % contained , cal fire says saturday night .  `` access to the fire is difficult due to steep terrain , '' authorities say .  bridge wildfire in mariposa county has burned 300 acre .
 data surveillance centers : crime fighters or 'spy machines ? ' <sec> oakland , california , debates creating a one-stop shop for video/data surveillance .  opponents fear the ability to track people with `` the press of a button '' will threaten civil liberties .  central data surveillance poses serious privacy questions for millions around the globe .  operations in london , boston , rio have resulted in success storie .
 poll : nearly six in 10 republicans want romney to run - cnnpolitics.com <sec> a new poll indicates that 59 % of republicans wants mitt romney to run for president in 2016 .  that 's higher than the 50 % who want jeb bush to jump into the race .  meanwhile , only 29 % want chris christie to run , compared to 44 % who disagre .
 the 'white ' student who integrated ole miss <sec> harry s. murphy attended the university of mississippi in 1945-46 .  murphy `` passed '' -- he was black , but people thought he was white .  more than 15 years years later , racial integration drew huge protest at ole miss .  the history of passing remains shadowy , but offers lessons , allyson hobbs write .
 tom hanks on jury leads to reduced charge in case <sec> oscar winner tom hanks serves jury duty in los angeles .  as the case was wrapping up , a lawyer thanks him for his service .  lawyers and jurors can not interact outside of the courtroom .  the case was settled , rather than decided by jur .
 detained american accused of stealing handcuffs claims torture <sec> new : travel advisory warns americans against carrying any security related items in the uae .  investigators say adam foster stole a pair of handcuffs .  he says he found them at a mall .  foster says he only confessed after he was tied to a chair and beate .
 house republican calls for secret service director resignation <sec> virginia rep. randy forbes is the first member of congress to call on the secret service head to resign .  forbes , a republican , says `` change at the top '' is necessary .  the head of the house armed services committee disagrees with forbes .  11 secret service agents are allegedly involved in a prostitution scandal in colombi .
 tiger woods - time running out to win more major championships <sec> world no . .  1 tiger woods admits he 's had to adapt his game the older he gets .  `` i know that i do n't have 20 years in my prime , '' says winner of 14 major titles .  woods has n't won a major championship since the u.s. open in 2008 .  the 38-year-old starts his season on the pga tour this weekend in la joll .
 european court deals blow to expat uk pensioners <sec> british pensioner ethel kendall left the uk in 1986 to be closer to her family in canada .  24 years later , she is still receiving the same pension of just over £38 ( $ 58 ) a week .  after a european court of human rights ruling she is not likely to receive any more .  over half a million british expatriates ' pensions are not linked to inflatio .
 justices reject appeal in 1964 kidnapping case related to civil rights <sec> appeals court asked high court if a civil rights crime can be prosecuted decades later .  justices dismissed appeal involving man convicted in 1964 kidnapping of two teens .  james ford seale appealed conviction in case , saying statute of limitations had expired .  indictment stands , but question of whether similar cases can be prosecuted is unanswere .
 venezuela to investigate reports of massacre of indians by gold miners <sec> venezuela has appointed two public officials to look into the allegations .  indigenous groups say only three survivors have been found from a community of about 80 .  harm caused by brazilian gold miners in the amazon region is a long-standing issue .  the attack is alleged to have happened in july , but information is only now emergin .
 venezuelan high court upholds election results <sec> new : the court also rejects a claim disputing the president 's citizenship .  opposition candidate henrique capriles radonski had challenged results .  supreme court ruling upholds april 's presidential election .  venezuelan president nicolas maduro was sworn in april 1 .
 lawyer : air force officer 's sexual battery charge changed <sec> air force lt. col. jeffrey krusinski was arrested in may .  he was accused of allegedly grabbing a woman 's buttocks and breasts .  krusinski headed a military unit aimed at preventing sexual assaults .  his lawyer says the charge has been changed from sexual battery to assault and batter .
 the dogs helping to sniff out poachers <sec> technology helps dogs sniff out ivory and rhino horn .  it avoids practical problem of using dogs at border posts .  south african police are keen to roll it out to all their canine unit .
 new legless lizards found in california <sec> one species lives in dunes near los angeles international airport .  another found in vacant lot in bakersfield , california .  legless lizards live in ground , do n't move very far .  amphibian expert : `` there is a lot of undocumented biodiversity within california .
 air traffic controller , supervisor on leave after kids talk to pilots <sec> air traffic controller at new york airport brought young children to work .  child was recorded communicating with planes .  child to plane : `` jet blue 171 , cleared for takeoff '' .  investigation is under way ; controllers involved are on leav .
 at least 49 killed when water overturns bus in india <sec> victims , from in a wedding party , were swept off a causeway in indian-administered kashmir .  rain has caused flooding that has killed 20 other people , an official statement says .  heavy rain has been falling in the area since tuesday , putting authorities on high alert . .  fifty homes have been damaged across the state , according to the statemen .
 jean-claude van damme up for 'kickboxer ' remake <sec> jean-claude van damme is set to join a reboot of `` kickboxer '' .  the 1989 movie helped establish van damme as an action hero .  in the original , van damme played a young man who trains in kickboxing .  in the reboot , he 'll play the teache .
 what 10 hours of street harassment looks like <sec> `` 10 hours of walking in nyc as a woman '' released by advocacy group hollaback ! .  street harassment has greater impact on women , people of color , lgbtq individual .
 hollywood 's top 10 most stylish moms and daughters <sec> susan sarandon and her daughter eva amurri have no shortage of talent or style .  paparazzi descended as soon as katie holmes ' daughter suri cruise was born .  bianca jagger set more than a few trends , now her daughter jade doe .
 china : 20 missing as tugboat sinks in yangtze river <sec> three passengers -- all chinese citizens -- have been rescued .  the boat was `` testing water '' in the hubei channe .
 india claims pirate ship sunk <sec> indian navy says its frigate attacked a pirate `` mother vessel '' .  skirmish took place tuesday about 525 kilometers from oman 's salalah port .  battle follows a recent surge in piracy off the horn of afric .
 do you have great 'sexpectations ' for valentine 's day ? <sec> a majority of survey respondents say they expect sex on valentine 's day .  to make intimacy a centerpiece , start outside the bedroom .  get creative -- it may be time to try something new .  remember intimacy does n't always have to be about se .
