 100 ounce gold nugget sells for $ 400,000 <sec> gold closes at $ 1,393.40 an ounce in electronic trading on wednesday .  value of the gold , if melted , is about $ 140,000 .  the winning bidder pays $ 400,000 for the nugget .  the largest nugget ever mined in california weighed 195 pound .
 coast guard mission to nome exposes u.s. limits in ice-breaking capability <sec> coast guard 's only arctic icebreaker is escorting fuel ship to nome .  fall storms prevented town from getting fuel last fall .  alaskans say episode illustrates the dearth of icebreakers in u.s. fleet .  uscg is down to one working polar icebreake .
 obama highlights federal funds to lower high school dropout rate <sec> high school dropout rate threatens u.s. economic future , obama says .  administration has committed $ 3.5 billion to help struggling schools , he says .  obama says underperforming teachers need to be replaced .  he calls for more federal funding and parental involvemen .
 state dept . envoy heading to north korea to get u.s. citizen freed <sec> kenneth bae was arrested in north korea in november .  north korea 's supreme court sentenced him to 15 years of hard labor .  bae 's sister says his health has seriously deteriorate .
 flooding conditions 'awful ' in vermont due to irene 's rains <sec> new : ravaged state is under flash-flood watch .  new : montpelier sees flooding downtown .  at least one town was completely cut off from outside access .  one man sees decks and propane tanks in fast-moving waters in brattlebor .
 source : u.s. seeks compromise on companies ' nsa data requests <sec> google , microsoft want to release certain stats on nsa surveillance requests .  court has given government a friday deadline to respond .  source : government willing to release these stats , but not company by compan .
 legendary texas football coach darrell royal dies at 88 <sec> royal won three national championships as head coach at university of texas .  he helped introduce the wishbone formation to college football .  royal is the winningest coach at texas , one of college football 's biggest program .
 blog : spain 's solar cemetery <sec> solar cemetery in town just outside barcelona the first of its kind in spain .  panels fixed on top of five-storey mausoleum , power 60 homes .  relatives of deceased generally have no objections to solar installatio .
 a timeline of kim and kanye 's 'will they/wo n't they ' relationship <sec> all eyes have been on kanye west and kim kardashian since they went public .  the couple is expecting their first child this summer .  kardashian revealed the gender of their baby on her family 's reality sho .
 experts tell how to deal with mortgage crisis <sec> barbara corcoran : under-pricing is a way to sell a home .  michael corbett : do n't ignore mortgage default notices .  jorge perez , donald trump : now 's the time to negotiate , buy a house .  robert kiyosaki : meltdown is time to learn to not rely on bailou .
 after 'obama ' rodeo clown , missouri fair demands sensitivity training <sec> the missouri state fair commission demands `` sensitivity training '' for rodeo clowns .  the demand sparks controversy .  tuffy gessling says he was making the jokes heard at the rodeo .  a u.s. congressman invites the clown to perform in texa .
 costa and turan train with teammates on eve of champions league final <sec> diego costa and arda turan have trained with teammates ahead of the champions league final .  atletico madrid are looking to win clubs first european crown .  real madrid aim to claim their tenth european title in lisbon .  los blancos also have injury concerns over pepe and karim benzem .
 prosecutors confirm alleged tsarnaev role in 2011 triple slayings <sec> a source told cnn in may that tamerlan tsarnaev was fingered in triple slaying .  prosecutors publicly confirm this in a court document .  the allegation came from ibragim todashev , who was killed during questionin .
 bill maher 's muslim problem ( opinion ) <sec> dean obeidallah : bill maher is becoming infamous for bashing islamic religion .  obeidallah : maher has made a series of anti-muslim comments that some call racist .  painting all muslims by the most extreme of our faith is wrong and reckless , he writes .  obeidallah : just because maher is progressive does not excuse his bigotry on this issu .
 87-year-old felon wants back in congress <sec> former louisiana governor , congressman edwin edwards running for u.s. house .  edwards , 87 , served in congress 50 years ago before being elected governor four times .  edwards went to prison in 2002 for extorting millions for riverboat casino license .
 north korea agrees to family reunions with the south , report says <sec> the meetings would take place on september 19 .  they will take place at the mount kumgang resor .
 gender identity not just body parts <sec> donna rose : when a child 's sense of self is nontraditional , people want to `` correct '' it .  rose : transgender coy , 6 , is in every respect a girl , but she ca n't use girls ' bathroom .  rose : school should know gender is not body parts , it is who you are to the core .  rose realized that to live an authentic life she needed to become a woma .
 are we hypocrites over renee zellweger ? ( opinion ) <sec> lz : many buzzed that renee zellweger looked different when she appeared at elle event .  lz : who does n't change in 10 years ? .  she says she 's happier . .  why is n't that enough for us ? .  he says a country that spends billions on cosmetic surgery is not in a position to judge .  lz : to try to meet media 's beauty standard , we all work on appearanc .
 midterms : 'seinfeld election ' could matter ( opinion ) <sec> gloria borger says some argue this year 's election is about nothing .  she says republicans have a chance to make a difference after the midterms .  borger : if they do well and gain influence , will they want to give party a positive message ? .  borger : immigration reform could test whether gop wants to control white house agai .
 what we risk when we ban racist speech ( opinion ) <sec> university of oklahoma students were expelled after video surfaced of racist song .  marc randazza : those willing to weaken first amendment should realize their free expression is also at ris .
 weight loss success : theater buff loses 121 pounds <sec> standing at 291 pounds , every joint in dino mazzetti 's body hurt .  he felt like he was in his 60s rather than his 20s , so he decided to lose weight .  in seven months , he transformed his body , dropping 121 pound .
 mubarak is cleared : egypt 's revolution is dead <sec> mubarak was convicted in 2012 for the deaths of protesters , but was given a new trial .  the former president ruled egypt for almost 30 years before resigning amid protests .  on saturday , former president cleared of causing deaths of protesters .  mubarak supporters and protesters on both sides say : the revolution is dea .
 ex-renault chief briatore wins appeal over lifetime f1 ban <sec> flavio briatore successfully appeals against his life ban from f1 for his part in 2008 singapore gp race fix conspiracy .  ex-renault boss briatore was said to have ordered nelson piquet jr. to deliberately crash .  the move helped fernando alonso of spain claim the victory in f1 's first-ever night race .  former renault chief engineer pat symonds also has five-year ban quaushed by cour .
 super bowl : new england patriots beat seattle seahawks <sec> malcolm butler makes vital interception after brady and patriots recover 10-point deficit .  seahawks go ahead with gutsy plays but end game with 'one of worst calls in football history ' .  katy perry 's halftime show roars with mechanical big cat , dancing sharks and missy elliot .
 five things to know about the french election <sec> france 's presidential election begins sunday , to be followed by a runoff in two weeks .  incumbent nicolas sarkozy has been trailing center-left francois hollande in the polls .  a couple of extreme candidates , both far left and far right , could impact the outcome .  unemployment is the biggest issue in the race , but immigration and debt are also talking point .
 chelsea agree deal to sign striker lukaku <sec> west london club agree terms with anderlecht to sign teenage striker lukaku .  new chelsea boss , villas-boas describes lukaku as a `` very interesting young prospect '' .  yury zhirkov leaves club to join russian premier league side anzhi makhachkal .
 mulenga kapwepwe : zambia 's patron of the arts <sec> mulenga kapwepwe is the daughter of former zambian vice president , simon kapwepwe .  born in 1958 , she was just six years old when the country gained its independence .  surrounded by changemakers , kapwepwe takes inspiration from zambia 's history .  `` if you do n't know where you 're coming from then you wo n't be able to articulate your present .
 can apple keep the iphone app store clean ? <sec> reports say iphone app posted nude photo of 15-year-old girl .  apple approves mobile phone applications before posting them .  some say it is impossible for apple to filter out all objectionable material .  legal expert : apple and developers unlikely to be held liable for user-posted conten .
 indiana gov . mitch daniels says sorry , not running for president <sec> new : pawlenty , gingrich , huntsman praise daniels .  daniels 'would have brought a serious tone ' to the gop field , indiana dems say .  top republicans are anxious about the state of the gop field .  daniels cites family considerations for his decisio .
 an open word for dc superheroes in 'scribblenauts unmasked ' <sec> `` scribblenauts unmasked '' includes more than 2,000 characters from dc comics .  the games story is a sibling argument over whether superman or batman is better .  it 's an open-world game , with multiple versions of many character .
 authorities find body in truck with sick father , son <sec> new : father charged with aggravated child abuse .  no identification has been made on the body , which was found in a bag .  the son is in serious condition ; the father is in intensive care .  florida 's department of children and families is involved in the cas .
 commentary : why gop ca n't say 'whatever it is , we 're against it ' <sec> julian zelizer : house republicans are signaling they will oppose stimulus plan .  he says republicans are in trouble if they simply act as an opposition force .  democrats gained sway for decades by seeking to improve the economy , he says .  zelizer : if gop opposes stimulus plan , it should offer alternatives of its ow .
 qatar moves to reform labor laws , but critics demand more <sec> qatar will amend its labor laws to improve the living standards for migrant workers .  it followed months of criticism by rights groups and media reports .  the changes have been met with a lukewarm response from critic .
 'obama , i know you are listening ' : gay rights activists march in d.c . <sec> new : mother of matthew shepard addresses crowd : `` we are all americans '' .  marchers pass near the white house on the way to the capitol .  activists and supporters urge federal protection of gay , lesbian citizens .  march comes day after president obama voiced support for gays in militar .
 assange files appeal against extradition in sex case <sec> wikileaks editor julian assange is fighting extradition to sweden over sex allegations .  the case is not related to his website , which leaks secret information .  he says the allegations are an attempt to smear him .  a judge last month rejected his lawyers ' arguments against extraditio .
 report : u.s. 'preparing the battlefield ' in iran <sec> new yorker article says congress authorized up to $ 400 million for covert ops in iran .  journalist seymour hersh says program is being staged from afghanistan .  u.s. officials decline comment , deny the u.s. is launching raids from iraq .  iranian general says troops are building graves for invaders in the event of wa .
 hillary clinton in iowa : fresh start or deja vu ? <sec> with bill at her side , hillary clinton attends the 37th and final harkin steak fry .  the questions on everyone 's mind : will she run , and what did she learn from 2008 ? .  hillary clinton is reluctant to chat it up with reporters , but she gave it a go sunday .  while she leads in the polls , other names come up : biden , warren , o'malle .
 missing teen believed to be with registered sex offender , police say <sec> brittney kustes , 19 , was last seen july 17 .  witnesses have reported seeing her with 34-year-old sex offender roy elwell .  her mother says elwell introduced kustes to methamphetamine .  `` she hated this guy , actually , '' her mother say .
 charles manson denied parole , with next parole hearing set for 2027 <sec> new : manson is being held in isolation after being caught with a weapon in october .  `` we will never hear from charlie manson again , '' says debra tate , sister of victim .  `` i have put five people in the grave . .  ... .  i 'm a very dangerous man , '' manson told psychologist .  manson , 77 , serving a life sentence for nine murders , did n't show up to hearin .
 obama , romney spar over medicare in battleground states <sec> romney campaigns in ohio , calls biden 's wall street remark outrageous .  a new romney ad takes on president obama on medicare .  obama promotes wind energy in iow .
 next two days crucial for pakistani teen activist 's recovery <sec> new : pakistani schoolgirls are defiant after taliban attack on teen activist .  malala yousufzai remains in critical condition ; three men in custody .  14-year-old who advocated for girls ' education was shot by taliban attackers .  the taliban vow to kill malala if she survive .
 world trade center ca n't collect damages from airlines , judge rules <sec> the judge says the world trade center developers were trying to `` double dip '' .  the developers had sought damages from the airlines involved in 9/11 .  the airlines argued insurance payments had already covered the losse .
 a royal plea for sustainable fish and chips <sec> the prince of wales is concerned about sustaining stocks of fish , used in britain 's favorite meal . .  britons eat fish and chips twice as much as any other takeaway dish . .  industry reps plan to introduce a code to ensure fish is responsibly sourced .
 100 days in , obama exudes second-term confidence <sec> obama took a wide range of questions from reporters .  `` rumors of my demise may be a little exaggerated at this point '' .  president still wants guantanamo closed , says will reengage congress .  nba 's jason collins gets presidential a high-fiv .
 sydney cafe siege : what we know , what we do n't know <sec> the hostages who died are identified as katrina dawson and tori johnson .  it 's unclear what exactly happened in the final moments of the siege .  authorities are trying to figure out why the gunman was n't on terrorist watch lists .  described as `` deeply disturbed , '' the attacker 's aims and motive remain uncertai .
 race could play big role in election , poll suggests <sec> racial prejudices could cost sen. barack obama 6 percentage points , poll suggests .  poll : forty percent of white americans have at least a partly negative view of blacks .  experts point out that it 's hard to quantify racial attitudes .  democrats typically get close to 90 percent of the african-american vot .
 colorado fire victim films her own evacuation <sec> new : the high park fire , which scorched 87,284 acres , is 100 % contained .  waldo canyon fire is 45 % percent contained .  the fire has destroyed nearly 350 homes and damaged at least two dozen more , officials say .  authorities are allowing some evacuees to return hom .
 nepal earthquake : a first-person account <sec> the earthquake that struck nepal has left thousands of nepalis without shelter .  torrential rains making situation worse ; food and drinking water supplies could become a serious issue soon .  it 's unclear how bad conditions are closer to the epicente .
 tall , white stetsons ; belly-laughing truisms : bum phillips dies at 90 <sec> new : `` he became an iconic figure on our sideline , '' says titans owner .  he led the houston oilers to glory in the late 70s , then gave the saints a try .  he retired from pro football in 1985 and went to his texas ranch .  `` bum , '' a term of endearment given by his sister who stuttered , meant `` brother .
 fashion models strut in un debate chambers <sec> fashion was in fashion at the u.n. , with a show by a designer .  palestinian-italian designer jamal taslaq says fashion is a `` message for peace '' .  but israel 's ambassador blasted the palestinian delegation for not condemning violence .  `` the palestinian delegation ... are experts in dressing up and disguising the truth , '' he sai .
 fleetwood mac 's 'rumours ' at 35 : still the 'perfect album ' <sec> fleetwood mac 's `` rumours '' is one of the highest-selling albums of all time .  when recording began , fleetwood mac had yet to have a hit in the u.s . .  album included songs such as `` do n't stop , '' `` go your own way '' and `` gold dust woman '' .  members of fleetwood mac were all undergoing painful breakups during recordin .
 sa dingding : china 's new age chanteuse <sec> half-mongolian , half-chinese musician mixes ethnic influences with chill-out beats .  first album sold over 2 million copies in south east asia .  deemed too controversial by glastonbury festival and dropped from line-u .
 2013 rock and roll hall of fame induction <sec> rush was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame on thursday .  the band has been eligible for a nomination since 1998 .  randy newman , heart , albert king , donna summer and public enemy also inducte .
 inside politics : two days of reckoning for obamacare <sec> march 31 is big deadline for obamacare enrollment , but november elections are true test .  to win , democrats will have to change narrative that obamacare is a failure .  support for the health care law is divided along partisan and racial lines .  democratic midterm turnout among minorities , young voters tends to dro .
 schu on tire troubles : 'it 's like driving on raw eggs ' <sec> michael schumacher criticizes pirelli 's tires , complaining they degrade too quickly .  seven-time world champ says tires are stopping drivers from pushing themselves .  sole supplier pirelli says tires have produced an exciting , unpredictable season .  mercedes teammate nico rosberg sees positives , saying `` it 's mixed everything up .
 anti-semitic attacks rising , uk watchdog reports <sec> uk holding international conference to combat anti-semitism .  watchdog says january saw highest ever number of anti-semitic attacks in uk .  police : more jewish attack victims than muslims despite bigger muslim population .  lawmaker : anti-semitism has to be combated by all ( who ) care about democrac .
 world cup : fifa launches criminal case over 2018 and 2022 bidding process <sec> fifa launches criminal complaint .  football 's world governing body lodges complaint in switzerland .  swiss attorney general to examine matter .  investigation against `` individual persons .
 harvard professor among veterans to get congressional gold medal <sec> japanese-american susumu ito fought in the 442nd regimental combat team in ww ii .  members of the 442nd rct are being honored on capitol hill with a congressional gold medal .  the congressional gold medal is the nation 's highest civilian awar .
 north carolina college employee shot dead <sec> school print shop operator ron lane was killed , college president says .  the man believed to be the gunman is identified as former student kenneth stancil .  the two knew each other , authorities sa .
 first daughters balance privilege and pressure <sec> luci johnson describes being a first daughter as an `` extraordinary privilege '' .  it was `` the best of times and sometimes the worst of times , '' she says .  first daughters often followed by media for remainder of their lives .  the pressure on first daughters has intensified over the years , historian say .
 serena handed suspended ban and fine <sec> serena williams is handed a three-year suspended ban from the u.s. open .  the punishment follows her outburst in the u.s. open semifinal against kim clijsters .  williams also fined a record $ 175,000 with the amount to be reduced to $ 82,500 for good behavio .
 ben carson leaves fox news , mulls run - cnnpolitics.com <sec> conservative parts ways with fox news .  says he needs freedom to consider his political options .  that may include a 2016 presidential bi .
 'arcane ' 1872 california law cited in overturning rape conviction <sec> california appeals court orders a retrial in a 2009 rape case .  court cites 'historical anomalies ' in an 1872 law and definition of rape .  the attorney general will seek to change 'arcane ' law .  a man allegedly pretended to be an 18-year-old woman 's boyfriend in a dark bedroo .
 officials : egypt to target al qaeda cells said to be training in sinai <sec> egypt sees homegrown militant islamist groups emerge and dissipate over the years .  none has had clear organizational links with al qaeda .  but al qaeda cells have surfaced in northern sinai , senior officials say .  `` they have been training there for month , '' official say .
