 germany , uk weigh in on french breast implant concern <sec> german medical groups back the removal of breast implants made by a french company .  england 's national health service agrees to pay to remove some implants .  but the nhs says routine removal is not necessary .  implants made by pip may rupture , causing problems like inflammation , health groups sa .
 f1 : standings after hungarian grand prix <sec> mark webber moves four points clear of previous f1 drivers ' leader lewis hamilton .  australian wins hungarian grand prix while mclaren 's 2008 world champion fails to finish .  red bull take lead in team standings as polesitter sebastian vettel finishes third .  mclaren 's world champion jenson button claims team 's only points in eighth plac .
 foul play suspected in churchill downs death <sec> new : the victim appears to be a latino man in his 30s or 40s , police say .  the body was discovered sunday morning at churchill downs .  police suspect foul play , a police spokeswoman says .  the track hosted the kentucky derby on saturda .
 commentary : choosing rick warren was a mistake <sec> kathryn kolbert : rick warren has image of a moderate religious leader .  she says his views are closer to those of the religious right .  kolbert : warren backed prop . .  8 and opposed abortion and stem cell research .  she says he does n't deserve position of honor at barack obama 's inauguratio .
 female f1 driver de villota conscious after test crash <sec> maria de villota hospitalized after a crash during a test event on tuesday .  the spaniard crashed into a truck while driving for the marussia formula one team .  the 32-year-old is now conscious having received treatment at a local hospital .  de villota is one of only two female drivers contracted an f1 tea .
 wimbledon : andy murray avoids 'wacky wednesday ' repeat <sec> big names out to avoid repeat of wimbledon 's `` wacky wednesday '' one year on .  defending champion andy murray races into the third round with win over slovenian blaz rola .  last year 's runner-up novak djokovic battles through in four sets , but david ferrer crashes out .  former women 's no . .  1 victoria azarenka loses , but second-ranked li na progresse .
 costa rica observes days of mourning after mud slides kill 23 <sec> new : three additional people were found dead in san marcos de tarrazu .  new : thousands have taken refuge in 46 shelters , the government said .  homes were demolished and roads were washed away in place .
 obama : latin america on equal footing with u.s . <sec> obama heading to summit of americas this week in trinidad and tobago .  he says u.s. should not tell `` countries how to structure their democratic practices '' .  `` we want to listen and learn as well as talk , '' obama say .
 former star blames health issues on steroids , lifestyle of wrestler <sec> vince mcmahon : wwe has one of best drug-testing programs .  wrestling boss tells cnn that individuals bear responsibility for actions .  critics say wwe penalties for drug use are not harsh enough .  wrestlers still can get drugs if they have prescriptions from doctor .
 'funny people ' cast sizes up film <sec> adam sandler and seth rogen star in judd apatow 's `` funny people '' .  film presents `` realistic representation '' of comedians ' lives , rogen says .  sandler plays lonely movie star ; he says he 's not much like character in real lif .
 northern irish farmer shuts down risque rihanna video shoot <sec> pop singer was filming `` we found love '' video on farm outside belfast .  farmer asked film crew to stop after he spotted rihanna strip to bikini top .  his wife says the barbados-born singer actually went topless .  province 's lawmakers even discussed the controvers .
 mexican politician shot at veterinary clinic <sec> a mayor-elect is in critical condition after being shot in the head .  the shooting is the latest attack against elected officials in mexico .  at least four mayors have been killed in the past two months .  one political party leader says politicians have become `` cannon fodder .
 one more time : snow , sleet , misery fall on east coast <sec> dallas temperatures drop from 81 to 17 in less than 24 hours .  four people have died in weather-related accidents , police say .  federal offices are closed monday in washington , except for supreme court .  schools from dallas to philadelphia have been shut dow .
 official : 100 vehicles wreck , closing part of pennsylvania turnpike <sec> new : a number of the victims suffered soft-tissue injuries , a doctor says .  crash victim says truck sandwiched her car into another vehicle ; 'i thought i was done ' .  at least 30 people are taken to hospitals , turnpike commission says .  about 100 vehicles crash on pennsylvania turnpike north of philadelphia , official say .
 suspected u.s. missile kills 3 in pakistan <sec> missile from an unmanned drone kills three people in pakistan 's tribal region .  one of a string of deadly suspected u.s. missile strikes in border areas .  u.s. frustrated , says islamabad not doing enough to battle militias in region .  pakistan condemns strikes on its soil , decries loss of live .
 nfl : richie incognito can play football again <sec> richie incognito can play again in the nfl .  he is a free agent and is meeting with league teams .  an nfl-commissioned report says incognito engaged in `` a pattern of harassment '' .  the report also says jonathan martin contemplated suicid .
 apparently this matters : own this amazing doomsday bunker <sec> the 70's-style las vegas doomsday bunker was built during the height of the cold war .  twenty-six feet underground , the bunker feels like you are actually outside .  the bunker is now being sold as a foreclosure for $ 1.75 millio .
 oscars 2014 reaches ratings high <sec> the 86th academy awards reached a 10-year ratings high .  award shows have enjoyed a ratings resurgence thanks to social tv .  ellen degeneres ' celebrity selfie set a twitter recor .
 gazprom accuses ukraine of siphoning gas <sec> russia 's energy monopoly gazprom accused ukraine of siphoning supplies .  gazprom cuts off gas supplies to ukraine on new year 's day .  company says ukraine owes it about $ 2 billion for past natural gas deliveries .  fears supplies to other european customers will be affecte .
 raging flood rips through colorado town , leaving 1 dead , 2 missing <sec> `` it was like a raging river , a black river , '' a manitou springs , colorado , man says .  the floodwaters there rushed through at a rate of up to 30 mph , a firefighter says .  1 is dead , 2 are unaccounted for in manitou springs , officials say .  flood warnings and watches are in effect for states from oregon to south carolin .
 capturing the orionid meteor shower <sec> every october , earth experiences a light show from the orionid meteor shower . .  during the orionids , more than 25 meteors an hour can be seen in the sky . .  the orionids is considered one of the most beautiful meteor showers . .  ireporters from across the world photographed the orionids over the weekend .
 covering the rape case that changed india <sec> december 16 , 2012 gang rape of a student on public bus became a defining story in india .  udas : indian cities are now perceived by many around the world as `` rape capitals '' .  but after her death thousands protested against the treatment of women in india .  udas : `` sometimes it just takes one incident to galvanize a society .
 uganda declared free of marburg , an ebola-like disease <sec> who representative : `` two cycles of incubation period '' totaling 42 days have passed .  a health worker died of the ebola-like viral hemorrhagic fever on september 28 .  197 people were placed in isolation ; none came down with marburg .  an outbreak of marburg occurred in 2012 , killing nine of the 18 people infecte .
 cnn student news - november 20 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 university of memphis football player killed on campus <sec> new : coach says the 21-year old was a popular student .  university of memphis football player taylor bradford , shot dead .  initial investigation suggests attack was not random , police say .  classes canceled monday but are expected to resume tuesda .
 nigella lawson : flirtatious celebrity chef <sec> fans call nigella lawson the `` domestic goddess '' and `` queen of food porn '' .  trial of ex-assistants gripped media , thanks to disclosure of her drug use and marriage woes .  `` i did not have a drug problem , i had a life problem , '' lawson told the court .  her marriage to millionaire charles saatchi ended this yea .
 minister : germany to go nuke free by 2022 <sec> germany will transition from nuclear power to renewable energy .  investments will be increased in energy research .  conventional power plants fueled by natural gas will continue to be used by germany .  japan 's nuclear disaster prompted the government to switch stanc .
 european tour denies pga tour takeover <sec> european tour denies possible takeover by pga tour .  pga tour commissioner also dismisses talk of a bid for european tour .  high-profile stars have recently left the european tour to head to the u.s . .  the pga tour and european tour jointly run the ryder cu .
 sober obama speech draws on surprising sources <sec> only whispers of abraham lincoln , martin luther king jr. heard in speech .  american patriot thomas paine seems to have been an influence .  other noted references : president kennedy , shakespeare and abraham from bibl .
 student at virginia 's liberty university killed in dorm shooting <sec> an emergency services officer at the lynchburg school fatally shoots a male student .  the unidentified student had a fight with the officer at a women 's dor .
 cash found in hunt for alleged armored truck shooter <sec> kenneth konias jr. remains on the run , suspected in slaying .  about $ 24,000 was found at konias ' grandmother 's grave site .  more than $ 200,000 was found at his home tuesday .  konias , who drove an armored truck , is accused of shooting his partne .
 show 's over for liberace museum in vegas <sec> liberace museum in las vegas , nevada , is closing sunday .  the museum was opened by the celebrated entertainer in 1979 .  low attendance is a key reason for closing .  a traveling tour of the museum 's collection is planned for next yea .
 world 's leaders are n't doing their jobs <sec> david frum says reports are the elites attending davos feel vulnerable .  he says that 's a good sign , given all the harm their decisions have done to the world economy .  frum : bad decisions by those with `` superior knowledge '' have caused great harm .  frum : he says people are looking to leaders , expecting them to make better decision .
 get fired up in valencia <sec> spain 's third city has a fun mix of culture and entertainment .  city of arts and sciences is santiago calatrava 's architectural masterpiece .  old city center can be explored by foot ; city 's river was transformed into a park .  chill out with a massage on the beach ; light up at the las fallas festiva .
 universal works to save 'fast & furious 7 ' after paul walker 's death <sec> paul walker 's ex-cop character has been central to 5 of the first 6 `` fast & furious '' films .  filmmakers have to decide how they bring walker 's character to an end .  walker 's car crash death left producers , cast and crew in confusion , a source says .  insurance execs who bonded the production are involved in the decisions , source say .
 and the winning numbers for largest powerball jackpot are ... <sec> saturday 's jackpot is a record $ 590.5 million .  powerball is played in 43 states and the district of columbia .  largest jackpot was $ 656 million in mega millions game in 201 .
 the tamil tigers ' long fight explained <sec> 25-year long insurgency has killed more than 70,000 people .  tamil leader reportedly wore a cyanide capsule around his neck .  fbi says group pioneered use of suicide belts for bomb attack .
 'ant-man ' trailer makes its debut <sec> `` ant-man '' hits theaters on july 17 .  paul rudd and michael douglas star in the fil .
 opinion : in the real world , women still make less than men <sec> maya harris : president obama had no option but to sign orders on equal pay .  congress , she says , now must pass the paycheck fairness act .  wage-gap deniers , she says , are trotting out the same old tired argument .
 double disappointment for world no.1 djokovic <sec> novak djokovic 's serbia beaten by spain in hopman cup final .  djokovic and ana ivanovic beaten in deciding mixed doubles in perth .  world no.1 won his singles match against fernando verdasco .  tournament djokovic owns in serbia has been axed from 2013 atp schedul .
 35 killed in iraq suicide bombing , police say <sec> the attack occurred wednesday in the ethnically mixed town of tuz khurmatu .  among the injured is ahmed abdul-wahed , deputy governor of salaheddin province .  last week , a series of car and roadside bombs targeted buses and bus stations .  uptick in violence has coincided with three weeks of protests in sunni province .
 iran detains 6 documentary filmmakers , activists say <sec> filmmakers accused of working for the bbc 's persian service .  bbc says no one works for it inside iran .  rights activists say iranian government ca n't tolerate independenc .
 rare photo shows marilyn monroe with jfk , rfk <sec> rare photo taken after marilyn monroe sang for jfk 's birthday .  photographer said secret service seized all other jfk-monroe photos .  white house photographer kept photo secret for decades .  tuesday would have been marilyn monroe 's 84th birthda .
 are social media making the resume obsolete ? <sec> thanks to growing number of web tools , some say the resume is already obsolete .  job recruiter says she never accepts a paper resume .  one new york firm asked for twitter , blog posts , videos -- but not resumes .  reports say facebook may be launching a jobs boar .
 patrick stewart 's weird holiday video <sec> stewart 's wife posted the video .  the actor tries to keep from laughing .  the video is titled `` sweet hat bro .
 8 places for fantastic fossil finds <sec> there have been dinosaur finds across the united states this summer .  one recently unearthed stegomastodon fossil is 3 million years old .  some spots allow visitors to keep the fossils they fin .
 ban on robocalls takes effect on tuesday <sec> an ftc ban on automated telemarketing calls starts tuesday .  companies breaking the rule face fines of $ 16,000 per call .  exceptions include political calls , `` informational '' calls and bank call .
 passenger files suit after laguardia hard landing <sec> woman sues airline over landing in new york .  boeing 737 's nose gear collapsed .  plane skidded down runway before coming to a stop .  southwest airlines declines to commen .
 rolling stones gather to plot 50th anniversary bash <sec> the rolling stones are considering at least one concert to mark their 50th anniversary .  the band is still considering a tour in 2013 .  in july , the band will gather in london to further discuss live performance possibilitie .
 activist : isis holds 150 assyrian hostages in syria <sec> group : kurds are clashing with isis in town where many assyrians were abducted .  isis is holding 150 assyrian christians hostage in northeastern syria , assyrian activist says .  extremist group plans to release a video message threatening to kill hostages , he say .
 10 of the world 's last great wilderness areas <sec> knoydart peninsula often described as scotland 's last wilderness .  great bear rainforest , british columbia , contains ancient red cedars .  kakadu national park , australia has rock art , wetlands , gorges and escarpment scenery .  uttarakhand , himalayas , india is home to hindu shrines , rare species of plants and animal .
 gadhafi camping in new jersey ? <sec> gadhafi travels with air-conditioned tent which he stays in .  rumored to be planning to pitch tent on front lawn of libyan mission house .  members of mostly orthodox jewish englewood are less than enthused .  mayor `` embarrassed as an american that a financier of terrorism is on u.s. soil .
 yelp without fear , says new california law <sec> california law bans restaurants from targeting bad reviews .  reviews on yelp and elsewhere ca n't lead to fines .  a new york site had a $ 500 fine for bad reviews from wedding partie .
 ahmadinejad tells u.n. that iran is threatened <sec> new : japan will protect its sovereignty on land and at sea , prime minister noda says .  mali pm says his country is seeking a u.n. security council resolution to quell uprising .  u.s. , canadian , israeli seats empty during mahmoud ahmadinejad 's speech .  ahmadinejad stirred controversy at the session when he said israel has `` no roots '' in middle eas .
 israeli military 's 'knock on roof ' warnings criticized <sec> israel 's military tries to warn civilians in gaza ahead of a strike .  sometimes a phone call precedes the `` knock on the roof '' .  still , human rights groups say , civilians are being killed in the fightin .
 u.s. : strike killed somalia terrorist leader <sec> unmanned aircraft fired missiles at a vehicle carrying the terrorist leader , the pentagon said .  the strike targeted the head of intelligence and security for al-shabaab .  the u.s. designated al-shabaab as a terrorist organization in 200 .
 why obama 's coolness to netanyahu proves rouhani right <sec> iranians met netanyahu 's speech with indignation , indifference , writes alex vatanka .  moderates believe obama 's cold shoulder is vindication of rouhani 's strategy , he says .  hardliners suggest the speech shows u.s. insincerity but have not argued against talk .
 hang-glider pilot accused of swallowing evidence in fatal fall granted bail <sec> william jonathan orders was granted bail .  he was with lenami godinez-avila when she fell from the glider to her death .  police say orders of swallowed a memory card possibly containing video of the fall .  the recording has since passed and is now in police custod .
 zimmerman supporters say he was protecting neighborhood <sec> george zimmerman 's friend says black men were behind eight neighborhood burglaries .  police reports tie three incidents to black men .  martin 's family say that zimmerman profiled trayvon marti .
 a first for conservative saudi arabia : a female newspaper editor <sec> longtime deputy of outgoing saudi gazette editor-in-chief will take over .  somayya jabarti is believed to be the first woman to head major saudi newspaper .  `` this is just the starting point , '' jabarti tells cnn .  `` this is a totally new step for saudi arabia , '' another journalist say .
 united nations investigates claim of isis organ theft <sec> u.n. officials say no confirmation so far of claims by iraq 's u.n. ambassador .  mohamed alhakim : `` this is clearly something bigger than we think '' .  isis is considered the wealthiest terrorist group on recor .
 webber vows to battle vettel for f1 title <sec> red bull launches new rb9 ahead of preseason testing later this month .  mark webber insists he can be a title contender this season .  australian watched teammate sebastian vettel win third crown last year .  team boss christian horner backs 36-year-old after recent in-house criticis .
 4 charged with digging up graves , reselling plots <sec> new : cemetery office manager , three gravediggers charged .  new : rev . .  jesse jackson says there should be `` special place in hell '' for suspects .  new : about 300 graves may have been dug up , sheriff says .  emmett till , other prominent african-americans buried at cemeter .
 in her own words , nanny 's brave escape in mumbai <sec> sandra samuel , who saved toddler 's life , sees no heroism in her actions .  why she faced gunfire : `` this baby is something very precious to me '' .  samuel : `` when i hear gunshot , it 's not one or 20 . .  it 's like a hundred gunshots '' .  for now , she will stay in israel helping take care of orphan toddler that she save .
