 photo tagging finally comes to instagram <sec> instagram releases 'photos of you ' feature to add tagging .  tagged photos will be collected in a new section on user 's profile page .  users will be able to untag unflattering photos or tweak settings to screen tag .
 opinion : the joke may be on zuckerberg <sec> doug rushkoff : new facebook app allows you to be disoriented even more by message flow .  zuckerberg butt of joke in ad for new app with employee ignoring him for facebook updates .  facebook is the eternal `` now , '' he says , with future , present coalescing in bogus reality .  he says facebook is really a big data collection agency , and it 's losing supporters and user .
 winter returns with a vengeance in u.s. northeast <sec> new : snow-laden trees and limbs threaten power lines .  new : winter storm warnings remain in effect for parts of pennsylvania , new york .  up to 16 inches of snow possible in some parts of the northeast .  low temperatures will continue through wednesday , cnn meteorologist say .
 giffords stabilizes as suspect appears in court <sec> new : obama to travel to tucson on wednesday .  new : jared lee loughner could face the death penalty if convicted .  he makes his court debut as a preliminary hearing is set for january 24 .  rep. giffords ' condition has stabilized , doctors sa .
 navardauskas makes history for lithuania in tour <sec> ramunas navardauskas wins 19th stage of tour de france .  first lithuanian to achieve the feat .  vincenzo nibali retains yellow jersey with two stages to go .  late crash holds up field inside final 3k .
 robben powers bayern to top of bundesliga <sec> arjen robben hits a second half double to give bayern munich 2-1 win over freiburg .  victory lifts them two points clear of schalke at the top of the bundesliga .  nuremberg boost their battle against relegation with 2-1 win at hertha berlin .  celtic reach semifinals of scottish cup as robbie keane scores hat-trick .  lyon follow midweek heroics with 1-1 home draw against st.etienne in franc .
 review : 'lucy ' has no boundaries <sec> scarlett johansson stars in the film .  it 's directed by luc besson .  there is genuine bizarro excitemen .
 obama honors girls killed in 1963 church bombing <sec> four african-american girls killed in 1963 church bombing receive posthumous honor .  president awards congressional gold medals to each of four girls , ages 11 and 14 .  `` we just want to express incredible thanks , '' obama tells families .  three former ku klux klan members were convicted of murder in the bombing .
 tiger woods battles pain as scott claims dramatic barclays title <sec> adam scott wins the barclays by one shot after a dramatic final round .  world no . .  1 tiger woods ties for second place after a brave effort .  he overcomes back spasms to set up chance for playoff .  however , as with other contenders , woods ' chances end at final hol .
 doctor loses license in live birth abortion case <sec> teen says she sought abortion , but gave birth and baby was killed .  florida doctor was n't present , but is accused of falsifying records in case .  teen has sued doctor , who also is subject of a criminal investigatio .
 is u.s. at risk of paris-like attack ? ( opinion ) <sec> attorney general eric holder has warned of paris-like attacks in the united states .  peter bergen says so far attacks have been less sophisticated domestically than in europ .
 media in the middle east surveys find increased freedom , controls <sec> two separate surveys highlight the middle east 's complicated relationship with its media . .  one poll finds that while most arabs rely on tv for their news , few find it reliable . .  the two top broadcasters in the region may have damaged their credibility with their strong political leanings . .  many living without press freedoms still find their media trustworthy .
 angelina jolie did right thing to remove ovaries <sec> jolie has a gene that gives her an 87 % chance of getting breast cancer .  experts in cancer genetics recommend that women in a similar situation remove their ovaries as soon as they 're done having childre .
 senate immigration deal includes tougher border security - cnnpolitics.com <sec> deal says no green cards for undocumented immigrants before border security steps .  gop sen. flake expects a dozen more republican votes due to the changes .  the deal would double the number of border patrol agents .  the goal is to increase pressure on house republicans to pass an immigration bil .
 craig ferguson to leave 'late late show ' <sec> ferguson : `` cbs and i are not getting divorced , we are 'consciously uncoupling ' `` .  the network says it was ferguson 's decision to move on .  the scottish-born comedian has hosted `` the late late show '' since 2005 .  he announced during a taping that he will step down as the show 's host in decembe .
 u.s. weighing nonlethal aid to syrian opposition <sec> changes are under discussion with allies , too , a senior administration official says .  sources say the united states is not considering providing weapons .  the united states may remove restrictions on `` dual-use '' equipment , another source says .  `` they are doing a redefinition of what is lethal , '' the source say .
 prince charles , other leaders vow action on illegal wildlife trade <sec> new : leaders agree to global steps to combat illegal wildlife trade at london summit .  new : they promise tougher penalties and destruction of stockpiles of ivory , wildlife products .  study : 65 % of forest elephants in central africa were lost to poaching from 2002 to 2013 .  researcher : by the time you eat breakfast , another elephant has been slaughtered for trinket .
 cops : australian baseball player killed by oklahoma teens <sec> christopher lane is remembered as a good person with a love for life .  charges are filed against the three suspects tuesday .  they are 15 , 16 and 17 years old .  lane 's father calls the shooting `` senseless .
 king : bad economy puts more families on the streets <sec> ruth martinez worked in an office , but lived in her car .  dina acevedo left her husband but had no job or place to go .  both are being helped by aid agencies in los angeles , california .  aid worker says lately he finds more women with children are homeles .
 opinion : we need asian-american superheroes <sec> marvel is creating an african-american captain america and a female thor .  jeff yang : it 's great to see the comics make an effort at diversifying the halls of justice .  he asks when will there be an asian-american superhero we can identify with ? .  yang : green turtle , an asian-american hero created in 1940s , may be coming back to lif .
 us airways raises baggage fees by $ 5 <sec> fee for the first checked bag to rise from $ 15 to $ 20 if prepaid online .  the second checked bag will cost $ 30 , us airways says .  an additional $ 5 per bag will be charged for checking at the airpor .
 ecuador 's president wins libel lawsuit against newspaper <sec> new : the column 's author says correa misunderstood his meaning .  el universo says the judge 's ruling violates free speech rights .  `` we have defended the right to honor , '' correa 's attorney says .  a judge rules that $ 40 million must be paid to corre .
 mother of missing oregon boy pleads for his safe return <sec> `` never give up hope , '' mother tells missing son .  kyron horman was last seen june 4 .  his mother , desiree young , appeared before a news conference tuesday .  the reward in the case has been increased to $ 50,00 .
 doing business in china : five tips for success <sec> china is home to a growing middle class with a big appetite for consumer goods .  western firms looking to tap china should be innovative and flexible , analysts say .  they also need to adopt a long-term approach and build a strong local team .  competition , corruption , business etiquette and language are some of the hurdle .
 5 must-read books for november <sec> find time for yourself this holiday season to settle in with one of these five recommended reads .  caroline preston 's novel is a `` whimsical mash-up of historical fiction and scrapbooking '' .  david guterson reimagines oedipus rex in contemporary america in `` ed king .
 obama , putin will have chance to talk on 'margins ' of g-20 summit <sec> russia and the united states at odds over syria , which allegedly used chemical weapons .  the united states is weighing a possible military strike to punish syria 's bashar al-assad .  russia is a major syrian ally and doubts whether chemical weapons were used as alleged .  obama will also meet with chinese and french presidents at g-2 .
 abhisit vejjajiva : talking politics with thailand 's pm <sec> abhisit is thailand 's third prime minister in four months , youngest in 60 years .  leader of democrat party since 2005 , now leads coalition government .  career politician who was educated at eton and oxford university in the u .
 marcel hirscher and anna fenninger ski to success for austria <sec> marcel hirscher wins world cup slalom crystal globe .  austria 's hirscher defeted germany 's felix neureuther .  anna fenninger won women 's giant slalom .  austria 's fenninger won small and big globe .
 why angela corey retrying 'loud music ' murder ( opinion ) <sec> michael dunn is being retried on murder charges after conviction on attempted murder .  mark o'mara says prosecutors have the leeway to seek retrial after a hung jury .  he says he hopes that the trial will be fair and that it not become a political football .  o'mara : whatever happens , america needs to have a serious conversation about rac .
 report : north korea 'experienced ' in evading u.n. sanctions <sec> u.n. report : north korea using its embassies to evade sanctions .  it says former nba star dennis rodman and his party took luxury goods to pyongyang .  they included alcohol and sporting good .
 can twitter help save spanish soccer club real oviedo ? <sec> real oviedo 's story has become an instant twitter sensation as football fans snap up shares .  now in the third tier , real oviedo developed players like juan mata , santi cazorla and michu .  club received over €1 million in just nine days , with €274,000 of that from people from twitte .
 same-sex couple : 'we 've been treated like second-class citizens ' <sec> ed horvath , a federal worker , unable to get health benefits for his partner .  obama extended certain federal benefits to domestic partners of federal employees .  only congress has authority to change regulations on benefits for domestic partner .
 floods shut major routes between washington , oregon <sec> new : flood warnings extended for parts of six rivers in western washington .  a stretch of interstate 5 between seattle and oregon remains closed .  amtrak suspends service between seattle and portland , oregon , until saturday .  up to 15 inches of rain reported in some areas of washington stat .
 ebola in liberia : businesses battle the virus outbreak <sec> 46 % of liberians working at the start of the ebola crisis are now unemployed .  liberia has had over 7,000 cases of ebola and nearly 3,000 deaths .  businesses have been forced to close because of the outbreak .  hotel occupancy rates are down 85 % as airlines avoid the regio .
 britain to fight ruling on police searches <sec> britain will appeal ruling against police searches allowed by its anti-terrorism legislation .  european court of human rights ruled that searches breached plaintiffs ' human rights .  case was brought by two britons who were stopped and searched by police in 2003 .  britain says the powers are an important tool in the fight against terroris .
 bp says it has paid $ 399 million as it hands over claims process <sec> bp says it has paid out $ 399 million in claims to date .  bp is doing prep work to replace the blowout preventer on the damaged well .  the gulf coast claims facility process kicks off monday .  chief kenneth feinberg says he is operating independently and will be transparent and efficien .
 former pakistan president pervez musharraf indicted <sec> pervez musharraf faces five treason charges , including imposing emergency rule in 2007 .  the former army chief , who ruled until 2008 , pleaded not guilty to all five .  musharraf says he took action to stabilize the country and fight rising islamist extremism .  high treason carries the death penalty or life imprisonmen .
 russian pm putin misses zurich world cup vote <sec> vladimir putin will not be going to zurich to back russia 's 2018 world cup bid .  putin tells russian television that fifa executive members are under unfair pressure .  russian prime minister speaks with fifa president sepp blatter on telephone .  british pm david cameron and former u.s. president bill clinton are in swiss cit .
 weight loss success : 'from fatman to ironman , ' dad drops 135 pounds <sec> dan hyatt went from 337 pounds to 202 pounds .  rather than set a weight loss goal , he trained for an ironman .  though he 's already come a long way , `` i 'm not going to quit , '' he says .  do you have a weight loss story ? .  share it with cnn irepor .
 south sudan peace talks planned as forces clash in key town <sec> new : warring sides in south sudan agree to peace talks , a u.n. representative says .  rebels and government troops are fighting in bor and bentiu towns .  the rebels are loyal to former south sudan vice president riek machar .  president salva kiir has said his forces `` will fight '' if machar will not agree to tal .
 nick jonas gets a hold of crotch for ad <sec> nick jonas appears in a racy magazine spread .  he used to wear a purity ring to show his chastity .  he says his belief in god remains stron .
 merck to pay $ 950 million for illegal marketing of vioxx <sec> the fines stem from both a criminal and a civil case .  the company promoted vioxx for rheumatoid arthritis before it had approval .  vioxx was not approved for that use until april 200 .
 charlie sheen 's 'anger management ' gets 90-episode renewal <sec> `` anger management '' was just picked up for a 90-episode renewal .  the premiere was the most-watched basic cable scripted comedy debut in history .  the series overall has averaged 4.5 million viewer .
 willian joins chelsea as bale switch moves closer <sec> brazilian midfielder willian joins chelsea in a deal reported to be worth $ 46.5m .  the 25-year-old had seemed destined for a switch to tottenham hotspur .  roma announce erik lamela is on his way to tottenham for $ 39.9 million .  gareth bale 's move to real madrid edges closer admits andre villas-boa .
 cape town sails out in front as top sport destination <sec> mainsail 's 'port of the month ' is cape town , south africa .  the area is one of south africa 's most popular tourist destinations .  cape town is set to benefit from major international sporting events .  the port is the country 's second biggest and hosts major yacht race .
 chinese soccer boss sacked amid probe into match-fixing <sec> china 's top soccer official sacked after being questioned by police in match-fix probe .  nan yong replaced at soccer administrative center by former water sports chief wei di .  police also question deputy director yang yimin , head of referees zhang jianqiang .  china has been clamping down on corruption in football since march last yea .
 obama : north korea will achieve nothing with provocation <sec> new : `` north korea will achieve nothing by threats , '' president obama says .  new : obama says north korea 's `` bad behavior '' will not be rewarded .  new : obama makes his first trip to the korean demilitarized zone .  the president is in south korea for an international nuclear summi .
 greece 's prime minister to quit in deal to salvage bailout package <sec> eurozone financial leaders will meet monday in brussels .  papandreou wo n't be head of the new government , a statement says .  he and opposition leader samaras will talk monday to plot details .  the deal hinges on greece approving a 130 billion euro bailout dea .
 how to help and support young rape victims <sec> `` do n't suffer in silence , '' ywca director says .  donations , encouraging words pour in for steubenville rape victim .  to donate to the wheeling ywca click here .  rape victim 's attorney is not taking money for the cas .
 for entrepreneurs , dorm is the new garage <sec> susie levitt and katie shea created a foldable-shoe company called `` citisoles '' .  tal raviv co-founded `` dropcard , '' a new take on the business card .  juan calle and adam berlin created `` sec excursions , '' a travel agency .  `` there is no better time '' to start a business , an entrepreneur expert say .
 death row grandmother in trafalgar square plea <sec> campaigner for briton on death row in texas pleads for her life in london .  linda carty , 51 , recorded a message this week from prison .  a man stood on plinth in trafalgar square and played carty 's message aloud .  carty is accused of taking part in 2001 murder of a 25-year-old texas woma .
 after egypt vote , now the real struggle for power <sec> shadi hamid : egypt election seems a success despite street protests the week before .  he says real problem looms when elected parliament and military council vie for power .  he says muslim brotherhood wants pure parliamentary system ; this comes with pitfalls .  hamid : military wants to hold on to power , but parliament reflects will of people , mandat .
 rio mayor : how to build the city of the future <sec> eduardo paes : more than half the world 's people now live in cities .  paes : cities must be environmentally friendly , must find answers to congestion , pollution .  rio is using `` bus rapid transit '' as an alternative to building costly subway lines , he says .  he says cities must be integrated socially , must take advantage of technolog .
 opinion : is now the best time to buy gold ? <sec> gold is considered a a safe haven asset and acts as a hedge against inflation .  boulden : analysts say people who are selling gold are using the money to buy shares .  all commodities are weakening at the moment ; from oil to silver , writes cnn 's boulde .
 uefa confirm busacca as rome final referee <sec> massimo busacca selected to referee champions league final on wednesday .  40-year-old swiss will be accompanied by team of three compatriots in rome .  busacca refereed the 2007 uefa cup final and one of euro 2008 semifinals .  rome authorities enforce a blanket ban on the sale of alcohol before the fina .
 race is tight for byrd 's senate seat in west virginia <sec> republican millionaire is making a strong run against a popular governor running for senate .  john raese 's campaign is his fourth attempt to win statewide office .  raese says he 's more conservative than the tea party .  gov . .  joe manchin calls himself `` fiercely independent .
 five things facebook did this week <sec> facebook is giving users the option to pay to get a friend 's attention .  the 1 billion user mark ? .  a big deal to some .  the first facebook ad : directed by clint eastwood . .  ok , not reall .
 jameis winston cooperating in fsu probe , lawyer says <sec> title ix is a federal law that requires schools to investigate allegations of sexual assault .  florida state university currently has such an investigation into an alleged assault in 2012 .  a woman accused fsu 's jameis winston ; police said she declined to proceed with case .  winston 's attorney says he will cooperate with fsu prob .
 'fire volcano ' closes airport , forces evacuations <sec> at least 100 people who live near the volcano have been evacuated .  fuego volcan is one of central america 's most active volcanoe .
 u.s. air force helicopter crash on uk coast kills 4 <sec> an investigation into the cause is expected to take several days , police say .  helicopter was on a low-level training mission when it went down .  pentagon has no word on status of those on board .  helicopter is described as a pave hawk , a modified version of a black haw .
 swedish billionaire 's son arrested after u.s.-born wife found dead <sec> new : a myspace page apparently belonging to rausing tells of her struggle with drugs .  eva rausing had struggled with drug addiction for years , an acquaintance says .  she is found dead after her husband , hans kristian , is arrested on drug charges .  rausing 's father is worth an estimated $ 10 billio .
 isis video is counterpoint to obama speech <sec> peshmerga forces have killed an isis commander , a senior peshmerga official says .  `` flames of war '' isis video is an apparent response to president obama 's speech last week .  it plays like a movie trailer .  the video was produced by al hayat media cente .
 berlin-based reporter shares city tips <sec> cnn international reporter frederik pleitgen offers his favorite city spots .  all visitors should walk through the brandenburg gate , he says .  he says panorama , in berghain , is `` one of the coolest clubs in the world .
 bruce jenner : social media reacts <sec> social media largely supports jenner .  more people seemed intrigued that he 's a republica .
