 does your career fit your personality ? <sec> find a career that complements your character , not conflicts with it .  artistic personalities are creative by nature with imaginations that stretch .  social people like helping others and working with teams .  enterprise people are leaders that like to see projects through to the finis .
 ukraine dolphins to switch nationalities , serve in russian navy <sec> russia plans to take custody of ukraine 's combat dolphins , news agency reports .  dolphins are a crucial part of open-water security .  from a military perspective , they 're effective at highlighting dangers on the sea floo .
 pinterest enthusiasts connect in real life <sec> as pinterest community grows online , pinners organize meet-ups to connect followers .  pinners in atlanta organized a party to benefit a local nonprofit .  the idea is to form a real-life community around pinterest , a pinner say .
 west african nations try to contain ebola <sec> u.s. and uk commit to increase aid to west africa .  zambia bans travelers from ebola countries .  guinea , liberia and sierra leone and nigeria are battling ebol .
 farm worker advocate richard chavez dies <sec> he dedicated more than 30 years to the movement .  richard chavez is the younger brother of cesar chavez .  he died wednesday from complications from surger .
 cnn student news transcript : summer show - june 10 , 2011 <sec> this week 's summer show focuses on an e. coli outbreak in germany .  hear how scientists try to track down the source of these outbreaks .  consider the economic impact that the outbreak is having on farmer .
 police have leads on 5 women in suspected serial killer 's photos <sec> new : the public has identified five of more than 100 women depicted in photographs .  new : authorities still need to confirm those claims .  new : website posting the photos gets 10 million hits in the first 24 hours .  photos were found in the home of the grim sleeper suspec .
 saudi blogger 's 2nd round of flogging postponed again <sec> previous postponements came after doctors found raif badawi had n't recovered from his first beating .  badawi was sentenced last year to 10 years in prison and 1,000 lashes for insulting islam .  he started a blog in 2008 to encourage discussion about islam , particularly intrusions into saudis ' personal live .
 paul mazursky , 5-time oscar nominee , dies <sec> paul mazursky wrote and directed films such as `` down and out in beverly hills '' .  mazursky began career as actor , then moved into writing ; he co-wrote `` monkees '' pilot .  mazursky films known for compassion and bittersweet wi .
 roaring success of 'lion king ' musician <sec> lebo m conducted and sang on the movie the lion king .  his arrangements won him a grammy and he is currently working on his first ever tour .  the south african advises young people in the continent to embrace their identity .  `` the african in you is your ticket to hollywood , '' he say .
 'extreme speed ' eyed in fatal bronx crash <sec> new : crash is `` uncannily similar '' to one in spain in july , former rail executive says .  the doomed commuter train was doing 82 mph as it went into a curve , ntsb says .  the throttle was cut and brakes applied `` very late in the game , '' ntsb official says .  nineteen people remain hospitalized after the crash , which killed fou .
 bp appeals settlement claims for what it calls 'fictitious ' losses <sec> bp has been a target since the massive 2010 gulf of mexico oil spill .  earlier this month , a judge sided against bp in ongoing settlement talks .  bp says some payments `` will constitute irreparable harm '' to the compan .
 saudi arabia set to protect workers while indonesian maids face death <sec> saudi arabia and indonesia sign pact to outline basic rights of foreign domestic workers .  a ban preventing indonesians from working in saudi arabia may be lifted .  rights groups say foreign workers are vulnerable to abuse and legal hurdles .  41 indonesians in saudi arabia face possible execution on charges from murder to sorcer .
 former in-laws identified among victims of santa shooter <sec> six of nine bodies found in house identified by coroner .  remains of three burned too badly to identify .  santa shooter bruce jeffrey pardo 's wife still officially `` missing .
 jayawardene : cricket has helped sri lanka move on from terror attack <sec> mahela jayawardene says sri lanka want to win the world cup for their 'brilliant ' fans .  jayawardene says cricket has helped the team recover from terror attack in 2009 .  batsman was one of six players injured when gunman fired at their team bus in lahore .  sri lanka play india in the cricket world cup final in mumbai on saturda .
 twitter bans porn videos on vine <sec> twitter is banning sexually explicit content on its vine social-video tool .  the year-old vine allows users to post 6-second videos .  anyone who violates the new rules will have their account suspende .
 the extraordinary art of autistic 'five-year-old monet ' <sec> five-year-old artist iris halmshaw has been compared to monet .  she has autism and is unable to speak , but paints for hours at a time .  demand for her paintings is rocketing around the world .  original artworks sell for thousands of dollar .
 cannes 2009 : the movies to watch out for <sec> from quentin tarantino to ken loach , cannes is packed with big names .  critic jonathan romney 's looking forward to jane campion 's `` bright star '' .  blogger karina longworth ca n't wait for lars von trier 's `` antichrist '' .  buyer robert walak says people will be looking for `` more feel-good films .
 serena leads tributes to wta founder billie jean king on 40th <sec> unique gathering of former women 's no.1 tennis players at wimbledon .  event to mark the 40th aniversary of wta tour foundation in 1973 .  tributes paid to first wta president billie jean king .  current no.1 serena williams took center stag .
 move over , kids . halloween is for grownups <sec> in recent years halloween has evolved from child 's play to an adult-themed affair .  around the world , more money is being spent on halloween costumes than ever before .  festival 's secular inclusiveness seen as key to its growing popularit .
 surviving italy 's chilli eating marathon in diamante <sec> southern italian town of diamante hosts annual chilli festival every september .  festival 's highlight is a chilli-guzzling contest featuring 10 steel-bellied contestants .  reigning champ maurizio capocchiano says he 's been eating chilli since he was an infan .
 turkey : isis-kurdish fight on border stirs trouble <sec> turkey has balked at joining the u.s.-led coalition bombing of isis .  battle on the syrian border has become a divisive issue in turkey .  in shift , turkey announces it will let iraqi kurdish fighters enter its territory to fight in kobani , syria .  kurdish-isis fighting has triggered violence between factions in turke .
 video of california police shooting spurs investigation <sec> attorney files $ 25 million claim , calls shooting `` unconscionable '' .  video shows officer shoot oscar grant in back as another officer kneels on him .  bart : video inconclusive , vows to conduct `` thorough , unbiased investigation '' .  witness tells ktvu : `` we was already following directions ... and they shot him .
 opinion : why africa backs french in mali <sec> french intervention in mali could be turning point in relationship with africa , writes lansana gberie .  france 's meddling to bolster puppet regimes in the past has outraged africans , he argues .  he says few in africa would label the french action in mali as 'neo-colonial mission creep ' .  lansana : 'africa 's weakness has been exposed by the might of a foreign power .
 vice president biden : democrats will keep senate <sec> vice president joe biden says he does n't `` agree with oddsmakers '' on the 2014 midterm elections .  biden has campaigned for democrats across the country , including for charlie crist in florida .  presidential run in 2016 ? .  hillary clinton 's plans wo n't affect his decision , he say .
 cavendish wins stage at tour de france as froome 's lead cut <sec> mark cavendish wins the 13th stage of the tour de france for his 25th stage victory .  cavendish gains ground on peter sagan in the points race for the green jersey .  chris froome retains the overall lead but rival alberto contador makes up groun .
 seoul : n. korean missile can hit u.s. bases <sec> new missiles can travel about 3,000 kilometers .  weapons could reach alaska or u.s. bases on guam .  tensions on korean peninsula running hig .
 actor gary collins dies <sec> he starred in `` the sixth sense '' and `` born free '' in the 1970s .  he also had a regular role in `` the wackiest ship in the army '' in the 1960s .  his interest in acting began in the army when he was an armed forces network hos .
 app offers traffic navigation from celebrity voices <sec> waze , the navigation app , inks deal with universal pictures to add celebrity voices .  comedian kevin hart will be the first to voice turn-by-turn directions in the app .  waze has n't announced which other famous voices will be availabl .
 the world 's best hotel restaurants <sec> hotel restaurant nominations came from six continents .  hotels had to have at least 15 rooms to be included on the daily meal 's list .  experienced food writers and critics voted on the list of nomination .
 u.s. tourists ponder europe travel alert <sec> alert should scare no one from going to europe , u.s. state department officials say .  `` i do n't think anyone should cancel a trip , '' airfarewatchdog president says .  travel agents say they 've seen limited impact from the alert so far .  some american tourists already in europe refuse to be intimidated by the threa .
 stellar show for nobel peace prize winner <sec> nobel peace prize events continue with gala concert in oslo , norway .  scarlett johansson , michael caine to host ; diana ross to perform .  concert will be broadcast live on cnn.com live at 2 p.m . .  et ( 7 p.m. gmt ) .  former finnish president martti ahtisaari was presented with prize wednesda .
 europe to florida in a kayak : another bucket list check <sec> olek doba has no corporate sponsors , but is using retirement funds .  the 5,000 mile kayak journey launched in lisbon , portugal , last october .  doba hopes to reach new smyrna beach , florida , on friday .  it 's his second complete transatlantic kayak trip in four year .
 pregnant woman kidnapped in cairo , husband says <sec> the woman is the wife of a syrian tv anchor in egypt .  her husband accuses syrian intelligence of carrying out the alleged kidnapping .  police are investigating the origins of text messages allegedly from the kidnapper .
 prince harry 's boat breaks down in bahamas <sec> prince harry boards vessel carrying reporters after his boat breaks down .  throngs of cheering crowds meet him on harbour island .  india hicks , a bridesmaid in his parents ' wedding , shows him around the island .  the royal is on a tour celebrating the anniversary of his grandmother 's accessio .
 finding 'new normal ' after school shooting <sec> chardon , ohio , schools open for counseling for teachers , parents and students .  first step is to make kids , parents and faculty feel safe , counselors say .  much of `` real therapy '' happens long after the even .
 oscar nominee : i was a tomboy <sec> she plays the 17-year-old daughter of an ozarks meth-cooker in `` winter 's bone '' .  she grew up in louisville , kentucky , where her dad owned a construction company .  lawrence auditioned for the role of bella in `` twilight .
 official : north korea moves long-range rocket to launch pad <sec> new : south korea says it will retaliate if provoked .  a u.s. official says there are signs the north koreans are preparing a launch .  china and the united states agree a rocket launch would be destabilizing .  north korea moves a long-range rocket to a launch pad in dongchang-ri , an official say .
 georgia high school teacher accused of pursuing 'hit ' on student <sec> police accuse atlanta-area high school teacher of offering to pay one student to kill another .  attorney : the teacher had once asked the alleged target , 16 , whether he was gay .  attorney says the teacher , randolph forde , later threatened to punch the student .  forde was joking , and no name was passed , tv station quotes his attorney as sayin .
 white house could release more memos on treatment of detainees <sec> former vice president dick cheney wants more memos released .  cheney says memos will show what was learned through interrogation process .  some democrats are calling for full disclosure ; others are urging caution .  gop opposes any investigation of officials who authorized tactic .
 protests return to new york , despite mayor 's plea <sec> eric garner 's daughter : gunman ignored protesters ' peaceful message .  protesters in new york chant , `` how do you spell racist ? .  n-y-p-d '' .  demonstration against racism and police violence packs sidewalks .  mayor , who 's called for a pause in protests , leads moment of silence for slain officer .
 opinion : if democracy dies , we will have killed it <sec> donna brazile : knee-jerk partisanship is worse than ever in politics and public discourse .  brazile : democracy endangered without civil discussion among people who disagree .  irs and justice department `` scandals '' have become lynch parties , she says .  brazile : both parties and the public must stay focused on facts , causes and solution .
 police hold female suspect after boy 's eyes gouged out <sec> six-year-old boy blinded after eye-gouging attack .  police say they are holding a female suspect in the attack .  police deny earlier reports the boy had fallen victim to organ traffickers .  china traditionally has relie on executed prisoners to harvest transplant organ .
 game on : romney team points to hillary over wealth - cnnpolitics.com <sec> mitt romney focused on how to address poverty , minority outreach as he considers another presidential bid .  he stressed that the government should encourage people to get married as a way to combat poverty .  as renewed attention surfaces on his wealth , romney 's team points to another wealthy potential candidate , hillary clinto .
 serena comeback ended by zvonareva <sec> serena williams beaten by vera zvonareva in the second round at eastbourne .  williams loses three-hour match , a repeat of last year 's wimbledon final .  venus williams reaches quarterfinals with straight sets win over ana ivanovic .  top seed jo-wilfried tsonga beaten by czech radek stepane .
 cnn student news transcript : january 26 , 2011 <sec> explore some of the history behind the state of the union .  learn about the reasons behind political protests in egypt .  find out which pop star is raising awareness about diabetes .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 palestinians call for israel to be 'punished ' for gaza offensive <sec> u.n. group presents scathing report on israel 's conduct during gaza offensive .  palestinians urge u.n. to address alleged crimes ; israel condemns report .  report accuses israel of `` actions amounting to war crimes '' during offensive .  report finds palestinian militants also committed war crime .
 russia 's 'anti-gay ' law pushes gay community into shadows <sec> pavel petel had built up a career as a model , performance artist and dj in russia .  he is now losing business and blames it on a russian law banning gay `` propaganda '' .  most of moscow 's gay population lives in secret and city has few gay clubs .  `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' is the unspoken rule outside moscow 's gay `` ghetto , '' says one ma .
 death toll rises in karachi suicide attack <sec> death toll rises .  blast took place near where thousands of shiite devotees were commemorating ashura .  a day earlier suicide bombing in northeast pakistan killed seven peopl .
 bowe bergdahl returns to regular duty <sec> the sergeant will work at the headquarters of a unit based in san antonio .  much of his first day was spent dealing with paperwork .  army spokesman would n't say how much longer bergdahl will serve .  bergdahl was captured after disappearing from his base in afghanistan in 200 .
 teen killed in hayride crash in mechanic falls , maine <sec> the accident killed a 17-year-old high school student , officials say .  more than 20 others were injured , a cnn affiliate reports .  authorities are investigating the cause of the acciden .
 airport cheerleaders an added perk ? <sec> airport in china has hired a cheerleading squad .  routines `` soothed emotion and alleviated fatigue , '' official said .  aviation boom in china has resulted in major flight delay .
 will the west ever understand china ? <sec> it is clear that china is on the way to becoming a super power .  jacques believes china will become the largest economy in the world in 20 years .  to understand china we need to accept that it is very different from western societie .
 some christian pastors embrace scientology <sec> christian pastors borrow ideas from scientology to preach temperate lifestyle .  critics say scientology is a cult , always looking for recruits .  pastor in houston , texas , claims 70 percent success rate with addict .
 'my own dad tried to kill me : ' faith , friends help in survival <sec> chris keith was 5 when his father shot him in the head .  his mother and brother were killed in the attack ; his father then committed suicide .  now 30 , chris tells his story to youth groups and at juvenile justice centers .  `` i just want to try my best to see others make it , '' he say .
 crystal palace promoted to premier league <sec> crystal palace beat watford 1-0 after extra-time to earn promotion to the premier league .  kevin phillips scores from the penalty spot to atone for three previous playoff failures .  palace will be $ 180 million richer even if they survive just one season in the premier leagu .
 the ski train : colorado 's quiet treasure <sec> ski train from denver to winter park has been a local favorite for 68 years .  train ferries skiers to slopes in colorado 's rocky mountains .  `` the train ride up there is spectacular , '' says denver resident .  train passes through 6.2-mile moffat tunnel underneath the continental divid .
 campaign says haitian candidate 's convoy attacked <sec> jude celestin 's convoy was heading to the city of jeremie .  his sister expressed shock at the attack .  she says gunmen opened fire and killed one person .  haiti 's election is this sunda .
 flood risks remain after heavy rains lash east coast <sec> `` a lot of people can not get to their homes , '' county official says .  rescue shelters are set up and animals in a small zoo are taken to higher ground .  flood warnings remain in northeastern north carolina , new yor .
 possible 2016 candidates make cpac pilgrimage <sec> conservative political action conference calls itself largest gathering of conservatives .  most politicians considering a presidential run are appearing at the conference .  last year 's gop presidential candidate mitt romney will speak to conference on frida .
 july 1 brings new , sometimes quirky laws <sec> in illinois , cab drivers can charge a $ 50 vomit cleanup fee .  a kentucky law prohibits releasing feral hogs into the wild .  new mexico law covers fresh chili peppers in stores and restaurants .  school guidelines in pennsylvania increase veggie servings for kid .
 naked man hijacks bus carrying students <sec> police : arris pitmon ran toward the bus and climbed in through an open window .  pitmon took control of the bus then abandoned it while it was moving , police say .  the bus crashed and some students were taken to area hospital .
 ferdinand fined $ 70,000 for 'choc ice ' tweet <sec> manchester united defender found guilty of improper conduct and fined by english football association .  ferdinand commented on a tweet which had referred to ashley cole as a `` choc ice '' .  cole was a character witness for john terry at a court hearing which alleged he racially abused ferdinand 's brother anton .  terry cleared by london court in july but is awaiting fate of improper conduct charges by f .
 serving up a winning diet : tennis stars shun the good life <sec> modern tennis players stick to rigorous diet plan .  most have cut out alcohol says doubles star eric butorac .  novak djokovic set trend with gluten free diet .  djokovic , roger federer , andy murray and rafael nadal lead the wa .
