 abuse photos put u.s. in 'double catch-22 ' <sec> u.s. head of detainee operations in iraq is angered by abu ghraib photos .  the pictures showing abuse of iraqi prisoners continue to cause problems .  u.s. military faces tough choices over future of detainees in ira .
 who is tata 's successor ? it 's a mistry <sec> india business press surprised by the selection of cyrus mistry as tata deputy chair .  will replace ratan tata as chairman of the tata group in december 2012 .  the 43-year-old will run one of india 's largest and most iconic companie .
 luxuries dazzled gangster 's girlfriend <sec> former girlfriend of colombian drug lord admits being bought by luxuries .  yovanna guzman dated cartel head wilber varela for eight years .  guzman says he bought her cars , vacations , jewels but also ordered her shot in leg .  she says she felt her `` golden cage '' had opened when he was killed last yea .
 professor accused of poisoning wife with cyanide waives extradition <sec> new : robert ferrante is expected to be moved tuesday .  the cause of his wife 's death is cyanide poisoning .  `` he 's anxious to defend himself , '' his lawyer say .
 who 's got the highest ( and lowest ) unemployment rates ? <sec> jobs appear to be plentiful in many southeast asian countries .  one of the reasons , an expert says , is that china -- not just the west -- is outsourcing there .  the united states ' jobless rate is higher than the rates in canada and mexic .
 adult prescription drug use leads to increased poisonings in kids <sec> more u.s. adults are using prescription medication .  that 's led to more emergency room visits for medication exposure .  teens ' poisonings may result from recreational use instead of accident .
 larisa iordache : the rise of the 'new nadia comaneci ' <sec> larisa iordache is romania 's latest young gymnastics star .  the 18-year-old is european champion and no . .  2 in world .  she helped her country to olympic bronze despite foot injury .  iordache says her idol is legendary compatriot nadia comanec .
 south sudan expatriates flock home to witness birth of new nation <sec> `` it is no michigan , '' one expatriate says , `` but it 's home '' .  sudan 's muslim north has been in conflict with the majority christian south for decades .  the two sides officially split on saturday , a bitter divorce that comes amid tensio .
 nevada councilwoman found dead faced possible sanctions <sec> councilwoman donna fairchild faced possible sanctions .  city council was to look at mileage reimbursement request .  she and her husband were found dead in nevada city .  each apparently died of single gunshot wound .
 anti-semitic fliers in eastern ukraine denounced <sec> `` it 's important for everyone to know its not true , '' ukrainian rabbi says .  masked men handed out the fliers in front of a donetsk synagogue , jewish community says .  jewish leaders call it a `` provocation ... full stop '' .  the u.s. ambassador in kiev calls the leaflets `` chilling '' and `` almost inconceivable .
 bayern and gladbach enjoy opening day wins <sec> bayern munich enjoy opening day win in bundesliga .  borussia monchengladbach steal three points .  bayer leverkusen fall to new boys frankfurt .  hamburg lose to nurember .
 commentary : obama thinks like a professor , inspires like a preacher <sec> drew westen : mccain was burdened by bad economy , bush unpopularity .  democrats had technological edge for first time in decades , westen says .  westen says democrats learned you ca n't win with position papers , statistics .  they dealt with people 's fears , mostly about the economy , westen say .
 it 's beyonce-gate ! not <sec> beyonce might have lip-synced the national anthem at obama 's inauguration .  dean obeidallah : too many people go from zero to ( faux ) outrage in seconds .  he says performing to prerecorded tracks has been done at previous inaugurals .  obeidallah : it 's not uncommon for pop stars to lip-sync at very big outdoor event .
 elderly men to get free viagra in mexico city <sec> elderly men in mexico city must undergo medical screening first .  free medicine will be out handed out to those with erectile dysfunction in december .  `` everyone has the right to be happy , '' official says .  figures show 70 percent of elderly men suffer from condition , local government say .
 10 things to know before visiting colombia <sec> sweep stereotypes aside : colombia is much more than the escobar gang legacy .  safety policies implemented in 2006 have vastly improved the security situation .  the salsa city of cali is renowned for high-energy dance clubs .  pueblitos ( small villages ) dot the countryside and make for great getaway .
 official : suicide bomber kills 16 at russian train station <sec> russian news agency says remains of bomber to be examined .  russia authorities say preliminary information points to a female suicide bomber .  video appears to show explosion inside the main doors to the station .  bomber reportedly was approaching metal detector when attack occurre .
 happy 75th anniversary , oh parking meter <sec> first parking meters were installed in oklahoma city on july 16 , 1935 .  city officials wanted a solution to parked cars that hurt businesses .  meter inventor was a journalist and lawyer .  a legal challenge went in the city 's favor and meters thrive .
 morales re-elected in bolivia <sec> president morales was widely expected to win re-election .  morales is the first bolivian president of indigenous descent .  constitution amended earlier this year to allow a president to run for re-electio .
 lost ring returned after nearly 40 years <sec> brian tovin finds ring while diving in the cooper river .  tovin tracks down owner 's son through social media .  the ring had become the `` stuff of legends '' for the phillips famil .
 german battlefield yields roman surprises <sec> relics found from battle between romans , barbarians in third century .  historians had thought rome had given up control of northern germany by then .  battlefield found by relic-hunters illegally searching for souvenirs of recent war .
 mexico foils assassination plot targeting lawmakers <sec> a group of suspected hitmen are arrested in mexico city .  they are accused of plotting to kill two brothers who are lawmakers .  authorities did not reveal a possible motiv .
 why king 's march transformed america <sec> people arriving for the glenn beck rally were greeted by a tribute to martin luther king jr . .  charles euchner says king 's message is still relevant today .  he says king had to confront a much more rancorous political climate than today 's .  king overcame oppression through nonviolence , he says ; where is today 's king .
 argentina 's president urges talks with british over falkland islands <sec> argentina 's president tells a u.n. panel : `` we 're just asking to talk '' about falkland islands .  she claims britain 's standing on the u.n. security council has hindered action .  an island legislator claims the falklands `` were never argentine '' .  argentina invaded the falklands in 1982 , but they stayed under british contro .
 'mama said knock you out ' : ll cool j broke burglary suspect 's nose , jaw , ribs <sec> jonathan kirby faces 38 years to life in prison if convicted because of third strike law .  kirby was previously convicted of voluntary manslaughter in texas , prosecutor 's office says .  burglary suspect is still hospitalized for treatment of injuries inflicted by ll cool .
 malaysian police : opposition rally 'illegal ' <sec> head of malaysian police warns rally participants they risk arrest .  anwar ibrahim has called a rally wednesday to protest against election results .  prime minister najib razak was re-elected with 133 of 222 parliamentary seats .  anwar claims the election result was `` conjured through frauds and cheating .
 after missing malaysian plane 's pingers are dead , then what ? <sec> probe of the ocean floor will move from ping locators to sonar .  the bluefin-21 is equipped with side-scan sonar .  and once the debris field is found , investigators would turn to remotely operated vehicles .  an intact plane could complicate the search effort , cnn analyst say .
 sharapova banishes memories of last year 's australian open defeat <sec> new : justine henin beats sania mirza of india in three sets in her comeback match .  maria sharapova beats tamarine tanasugarn in australian open first round .  2008 champion sharapova beaten at same stage last year by maria kirilenko .  venus williams and world number one caroline wozniacki advanc .
 magnitude 6.8 quake hits japan <sec> the earthquake hit 468 kilometers ( 302 miles ) south-southwest of tokyo .  there are no immediate reports of injuries or damage .  the pacific tsunami warning center did not issue a tsunami warnin .
 mayday call before plane hits taipei bridge , crashes <sec> death toll rises to 32 , official news agency reports ; 11 people still missing .  mayday call came from transasia airways flight ge235 , a recording appears to reveal .  taiwan has ordered checks on all atr 72 aircraft operated by local carrier .
 south africans battle baboons in city streets <sec> disappearing natural habitats are causing conflict between baboons and humans .  baboons raid towns and villages in search of food .  baboon matters organizes teams of monitors to herd baboons away from villages .  monitoring programs can reduce human-induced injuries to baboon .
 lawyers for hinckley say the presidential assailant is not dangerous <sec> defense attorneys want john hinckley to be transitioned out of a mental hospital .  `` the hospital does n't know what mr. hinckley is thinking , '' the prosecutor says .  the hearing may determine whether to eventually free him from a mental hospital .  after john hinckley shot reagan , he was found not guilty by reason of insanit .
 ken burns : learn lincoln 's words by heart <sec> tuesday we mark the 150th anniversary of president lincoln 's gettysburg address .  ken burns : the words spoken at a civil war cemetery are some of the most important ever .  burns is launching `` learn the address , '' a way to more fully understand democracy .  burns says today , we should ask ourselves what has made these words endur .
 guinea-bissau military leaders , political parties announce transitional council <sec> new : ecowas stresses it has `` zero tolerance '' for power obtained unconstitutionally .  spokesman : the composition of the transitional council will be determined after a meeting monday .  pending approval monday , the transitional group will dissolve the national parliament .  a military spokesman says the acting president and prime minister are detaine .
 police prepare to clear hong kong street protests <sec> police say they plan to clear the main pro-democracy protest camp thursday .  `` i 'll let them arrest me if it comes to that , '' one demonstrator tells cnn .  student leaders urge protesters to remain peaceful .  the encampment has blocked a multilane highway for more than two month .
 india : claims disabled kids buried during eclipse <sec> authorities investigate reports disabled children were buried during solar eclipse .  claims made that 34 kids buried in sand up to their chins to cure disabilities .  parents reportedly consented to action , indian officials sa .
 bandaged heroics : skrtel stuns arsenal with late goal <sec> 10-man liverpool salvages late 2-2 draw with arsenal .  goals from mathieu debuchy and olivier giroud put arsenal 2-1 up .  martin skrtel heads injury equalizer at anfield .  sunderland beats newcastle 1-0 in north-east derb .
 watching the watchers : a spy 's guide to berlin <sec> berlin 's past as an espionage hotspot has left the city with numerous spying-linked attractions .  the stasi museum features relics of east berlin 's obsession with monitoring its own people .  other destinations include a tunnel dug to tap into communication lines , and an antenna towe .
 cruise control : saving on journeys at sea <sec> expert expects `` especially competitive '' cruise prices in the caribbean this year .  follow cruise lines on social media for flash sales and seasonal specials .  new ships , itineraries and pop culture tie-ins are spicing up the options in 201 .
 pure politics : myth of equal pay day ( opinion ) <sec> sabrina schaeffer : tuesday is equal pay day , a fictitious holiday marked by progressive women .  she says the wage gap between men and women is grossly overstate .
 princeton weighs whether to offer meningitis vaccines <sec> seven cases of meningitis have been reported on the new jersey campus .  university officials to discuss offering vaccine .  feds ok use of vaccine not approved in the united state .
 the gulf spill : america 's worst environmental disaster ? <sec> obama declared the gulf oil america 's `` worst environmental disaster '' .  several calamities may rival or surpass the gulf spill in certain respects , analysts say .  2.5 million people were displaced by the dust bowl ; over 2,200 were killed at johnstown .  it may be impossible to rank environmental catastrophes , according to expert .
 are you american enough ? ( opinion ) <sec> carol costello : i am proud to be italian-american .  since bobby jindal says he 's not a `` hyphenated american , '' as in `` indian-american , '' debate over `` who is us '' has grow .
 'top kill ' planned to stop oil leak <sec> bp to try pumping fluid into well to stop gulf oil leak .  burning marshes hit by oil may be an option , coast guard says .  congressman calls for temporary centers on gulf coast to address health worries .  estimate of amount of oil pumping into gulf grow .
 kovalainen returns to help caterham f1 <sec> heikki kovalainen to return to caterham after losing seat with the team in 2013 .  finnish racer will drive for caterham in first practice in bahrain and barcelona .  caterham want his help in understanding 2013 car and tire behavior .  u.s. racer alexander rossi takes over caterham gp2 drive from china 's ma qing hu .
 new year 's eve champagne faq <sec> champagne is a sparkling wine from champagne region of n.e . .  france .  most of the world 's wine regions make tasty sparkling wines of their own .  extra brut is less sweet than brut champagne .  sabrage is technique of opening champagne bottler with a sword or sabe .
 venezuela weighs pet food price controls <sec> venezuela 's president says the country may control pet food prices .  he announces the possibility as part of a program to help keep animals off the streets .  price controls have been a staple of venezuela 's economic policie .
 'big brother ' star reveals he is hiv positive <sec> dick donato left `` big brother 13 '' because he has hiv positive .  donato said show 's producers first alerted him to diagnosis .  reality tv star says he no longer wants to hid .
 more than a holiday : the luxury superyacht that doubles as a science lab <sec> introducing rv pegaso , a 73.6m superyacht boasting a science lab and submarine .  marine scientists on board conduct research , from tagging species to monitoring water .  part of a growing trend of meaningful expeditions , rather than hedonistic getaways .  research vessel includes superyacht comforts such as cinema , spa , helicopter pa .
 experts : norway mass murder suspect sane <sec> anders behring breivik was not psychotic at the time of the july killings , experts say .  breivik is accused of killing 77 people in a bomb and gun rampage .  `` there is a high risk for repeated violent actions , '' the experts say .  breivik 's trial is set to begin april 1 .
 mosque to go up near new york 's ground zero <sec> project includes 15-story community center , a mosque , performance art center .  community board of lower manhattan voted unanimously to support the project .  project gets mixed reviews from families and friends of 9/11 victims .  after funds raised , center to be completed in three to five year .
 review : 'taken 2 ' same as original , but different <sec> `` taken 2 '' is a sequel to a film from four years ago .  liam neeson 's character is once again pitted against kidnappers .  ew gives the film a grade of `` c .
 who : democratic republic of congo is ebola-free <sec> u.n. leader says the ebola outbreak could be over by the middle of 2015 .  who chief heading to mali , where there have been new ebola transmissions .  there have been no ebola cases in the democratic republic of congo in 42 days .  other nations like liberia , sierra leone and guinea are still trying to contain the viru .
 study : cholesterol drugs could help those with healthy levels <sec> study : statins can help healthy with good cholesterol levels cut heart disease risk .  none of study 's participants would qualify for taking statins under current guidelines .  maker of crestor funded study ; lead author says firm had no input in study 's design .  cardiologist : new research could add 10 million to ranks of those taking such drug .
 freddie gray death : protesters , police scuffle <sec> two people are taken into custody , but the protests -- on the whole -- are peaceful .  baltimore police commissioner sits down with the gray famil .
 pakistan taliban select interim chief <sec> new interim leader selected by pakistan taliban .  former leader hakimullah mehsud was killed in a u.s. drone strike on friday .  a permanent leader will not be announced for several more days , spokesman say .
 justice department announces 300 drug arrests <sec> in past two days , project coronado resulted in arrests in 15 states .  officials : 4-year operation produced nearly 1,200 arrests , 11.7 tons of drugs seized .  ag says operation targeted la familia , a top mexican drug trafficking group .  law enforcement official : crackdown will affect methamphetamine market in u.s .
 experts : rocket launch bolsters north korean leader <sec> with rocket launch , kim jong un can bolster domestic support .  ahead of his father 's death anniversary , leader can say he fulfilled a promise to his people .  experts say kim has positioned himself to make economic changes .  it 's unclear what will happen next in the reclusive natio .
 international criminal court swears in gambian lawyer as chief prosecutor <sec> she replaces luis moreno-ocampo .  member nations that recognize the court 's jurisdiction voted for her in december .  her appointment comes amid criticism that the court disburses justice selectively by focusing on afric .
 ftc charges weight-loss companies with false advertising <sec> ftc says it has settled with sensa , leanspa .  ftc announces charges against l'occitane , hcg diet direct .  companies made unsubstantiated claims about their products , ftc says .  sensa : settlement includes `` no admission of wrongful conduct by the company .
 wenger fury after arsenal held to goalless draw at home <sec> arsenal held 0-0 at home by sunderland in a setback to their epl title hopes .  arsenal manager arsene wenger fumes at refereeing decisions .  birmingham beaten 3-1 at home by fellow strugglers west bromwich albion .  west ham pull out of relegation zone with 3-0 win over stok .
 how to keep anger from bubbling over <sec> anger is normal but what sets us off and how we react make a difference .  american psychological association : anger can lead to physiological changes .  a professional therapist can help determine whether your temper is out of control .  slowing down , deepening your breathing are effective anger-management tool .
 christmas carnage in nigeria ; 5 churches bombed <sec> new : the u.n. condemns the attacks and calls for an end to sectarian violence in nigeria .  nigeria 's president vows to bring those responsible to justice .  the bombing in the city of madalla killed 18 , a government spokesman says .  the blasts follow attacks on churches during last year 's christmas seaso .
 why end-of-life planning is smart , necessary <sec> donald schumacher says many fear talking about how they want end-of-life care handled .  some politicians stoked fear with misinformation to try to derail health reform , he says .  but advanced care planning gives people a say over their care before a crisis , he says .  writer : health care professionals agree medicare should pay for this sensible plannin .
 interpol boss faces charges , quits <sec> jackie selebi , south african police chief , takes leave as faces corruption charges .  also steps down as head of interpol , although charges are not related to that position .  charged with taking money from a convicted drug smuggler over a 5-year period .  south african president thabo mbeki denies he has been slow in dealing with affai .
