 how do you pronounce 'oyelowo ' ? brad pitt offers a singalong guide <sec> david oyelowo 's name has been hard to pronounce for some .  brad pitt 's solution ? .  sing the name of the `` selma '' sta .
 afghan militants shoot , kill 17 while victims slept <sec> the victims also include civilians .  authorities are trying to determine how the militants gained access .  in a separate incident , a suicide bomber wounds seven in kabul .  the taliban claim responsibility for both attack .
 commentary : racial progress is far from finished <sec> melissa harris-lacewell : barack obama 's election celebrated as racial triumph .  she says it represented real progress in the arena of politics .  harris-lacewell : in many other areas , issues of race remain significan .
 connecticut utility chief insists company did 'a very good job ' after storm <sec> the head of connecticut light and power defends his utility 's handling of storm .  about 283,000 households remained without power friday evening .  the storm led to at least 22 deaths in the eastern united state .
 lake nicaragua : will lake become dead zone ? <sec> experts fear proposed canal through nicaragua could adversely affect central america 's largest lake .  mostly untouched by development , lake nicaragua supports indigenous communities and low-level tourism .  author recently toured the gorgeous lake and surrounding are .
 police spokesman calls brown memorial 'pile of trash ' <sec> washington post quotes officer timothy zoll describing memorial as `` pile of trash '' .  zoll denied saying that in interview with st. louis radio station .  but police department says in statement he later acknowledged the remark .  he 's on unpaid leave and facing disciplinary actio .
 opinion : 'the big if ' -- ending bloodshed in syria <sec> leila hilal : securing syria 's chemical weapons is a partial measure but could be first step .  she says it 's a `` big if , '' but such an agreement would fuel other efforts to end syria war .  hilal : the ultimate goal of diplomacy is a political settlement that would end the sufferin .
 monita 's blog : the art of ballet <sec> in russia there is a great respect for the heritage of ballet .  mikhailovsky theatre 's new artistic director is nacho duato .  duato is the first foreigner to lead a major dance company in russia for over a century ago .  there is a great debate over the merits of contemporary ballet versus those of the classic .
 mystery of malaysia airlines mh370 brings back pain of '77 tragedy <sec> malaysia airlines flight 653 crashed after being hijacked in 1977 .  report into crash said the pilots were shot dead and plane slammed into the ground .  relatives of the passengers say current crisis with mh370 brings pain flooding back .  one advised families to remember loved ones and not fixate on assigning blam .
 korean war vets weigh in on current tensions <sec> chinese troops fought on north korea 's side during the korean war .  elderly vets say china 's newest generation knew little of their hardships .  many say china will prevent any future hostilities over north kore .
 so long to the party of family values <sec> gingrich 's defiance to question about his ex-wife 's remarks met with cheers .  response ended gop 's standing as party of family values , roland martin says .  martin : right 's lukewarmness to romney , loathing of obama has come to this .  if mercy is the standard , gingrich should apologize to the clintons , martin say .
 global swine flu deaths top 1,100 <sec> who : swine flu deaths up 338 in recent days to 1,154 in total worldwide .  who : virus spreads in 6 weeks as far as most viruses spread in 6 months .  u.s. plans to vaccinate nearly 160m americans ahead of winter `` flu season '' .  glaxosmithkline has signed deals to provide 291 million doses of vaccine this yea .
 russia : we did not fire on presidential motorcade <sec> russian peacekeepers , south ossetia deny involvement in shooting .  leaders ' motorcade was not hit , and there were no injuries .  ministry : motorcade was passing a checkpoint near south ossetia .  the shots were fired from russian-controlled territory , ministry officials sa .
 colombia steps up security for summit <sec> colombian authorities have stepped up security for the summit of the americas .  police simulate a hostage rescue as part of training for the event .  33 heads of state from across the western hemisphere are scheduled to attend .  `` we have equipment to neutralize any type of threat , '' a police major say .
 teen says he 's sorry about florida boy 's burning <sec> jeremy jarvis , 13 , who saw teen set on fire , apologizes , says he 's praying for recovery .  authorities say police have been able to interview victim for first time since incident .  victim , michael brewer , 15 , is in guarded condition at university of miami hospital burn center .  jeremy jarvis not charged ; extent of his involvement under investigation , attorney say .
 syria accuses u.s. in deadly helicopter attack <sec> state news agency says 3 men , 1 woman , 4 children killed near iraq-syria border .  sana says 4 helicopters from iraq crossed border about 5 miles into syria , hit farm .  syrian government summons u.s. , iraqi diplomats to foreign ministry in damascus .  u.s. military says it is investigating claims , can not confirm anything right no .
 digging out from $ 80,000 in debt <sec> two years ago , dawn warfield had $ 80,000 in debt on 17 credit cards .  the video store owner was facing a divorce and expanding her business .  she also admits that living beyond her means was part of the problem .  nonprofit counseling service is helping her get lower rates and pay off her debt .
 obama : they still like him , but will they vote for him ? <sec> even in a tight race and a bad economy , obama 's likeability numbers keep him above water .  candidates are using social media , daytime and late-night tv to show some personality .  romney is pushing his own charm factor to woo voter .
 ad council gets creative to get your attention <sec> elmo and gordon of `` sesame street '' join long line of public service spot stars .  charitable arm of advertising industry adapts to changing times , tech .  media evolve from wwii posters to twitter , facebook , youtube .  creative minds that make best commercials also create service spot .
 what we still do n't know about gulf oil spill ? <sec> keith crandall : five years after the deepwater horizon rig exploded , we are only beginning to understand its effects on the gulf .  a crab species may be a key indicator of the impact , he say .
 georgia governor signs controversial anti-illegal immigration law <sec> new : mexico says legislators `` ignored the many contributions '' of immigrants .  the bill lets law enforcement officers ask about immigration status in investigations .  latino groups decry the measure , threatening lawsuits and boycott .
 lilly pulitzer for target <sec> lilly pulitzer is the latest designer to collaborate with target .  the collection will be available on april 19 .  pulitzer died in 2013 , but her preppy clothing line continue .
 uk jets intercept russian bombers near british airspace <sec> russian bombers disrupted civil aviation , uk foreign office representative says .  uk : russian bombers were flying over english channel .  russian aircraft did n't cross into british airspace , spokesman say .
 texas gov . rick perry indicted <sec> new : perry lawyer calls indictments `` political abuse of the court system '' .  indictment by country grand jury in texas stems from effort to remove local prosecutor .  perry allegedly threatened to veto funding for a program run by the da in austin .  indictment could have political implication .
 mubarak denies ordering egyptian protesters shot , lawyer says <sec> the ousted egyptian leader is in `` very bad health , '' his lawyer says .  mubarak `` speaks very little and suppresses a lot of his pain , '' he says .  mubarak 's wealth is just about $ 1 million , he says .  mubarak 's lawyer gives his first interview to cnn sunda .
 let 's say 'enough is enough ' to lousy schools <sec> geoffrey canada : too little progress is being made in improving schools .  if summer break sets kids back , let 's try a longer school year , he says .  give kids health care , early childhood education to make them better prepared , he says .  canada : schools need real-time data about student performanc .
 lunar eclipse : stargazers enjoy century 's shortest <sec> the total eclipse lasted 4 minutes and 43 seconds .  people west of the mississippi river had the best view in the u.s . .  parts of south america , india , china and russia were able to see the eclips .
 saudi arabia announces surrender of man on wanted list <sec> pakistan helped coordinate the surrender .  alshehri has been back for a few days .  there are dozens of people wanted by the saudi .
 doctor surrenders in anna nicole smith drugs case <sec> new : lawyer : doctor had `` patient 's well-being in mind , '' actions `` not criminal '' .  khristine eroshevich surrendered monday and was jailed .  howard k. stern , sandeep kapoor , eroshevich charged with felonies .  three are accused of conspiring to furnish drugs before smith 's deat .
 child bride show attracts viewers , critics <sec> soap with child bride as central character is one of india 's most watched tv shows .  critics says the show glosses over the brutalities of india 's real child brides .  executive defends show , says it does highlight evils of child marriages .  child brides problem is widespread in india despite 18 being legal age for marriag .
 161 arrested in saudi arabia protest over detentions <sec> new : amnesty international calls arrests persecution .  dozens protest in city .  demonstrators have been upset over pace of judicial system .  saudi official makes reference to `` deviant groups .
 jim webb 'seriously looking ' at 2016 bid <sec> former sen. jim webb is `` seriously looking '' at a presidential bid .  he declined to critique hillary clinton 's foreign policy record .  webb is a former democratic senator from virgini .
 man who scored first points in nba history dies at 94 <sec> new york city native ossie schectman starred at long island university .  he played basketball professionally , including in 1946-47 with the knicks .  schectman scored what 's considered the nba 's first ever points in 1946 .  `` ossie schectman was a true nba pioneer , '' the nba 's commissioner say .
 search called off for adventurous aviator steve fossett <sec> the nevada civil air patrol had been looking for fossett for nearly a month .  the 63-year-old record-breaker was last seen september 3 .  cap called search `` one of the largest , most intensive searches '' in history .  fossett was first to fly around the globe in a balloon , among other feat .
 betty ford 's remains flown to michigan for final services <sec> new : betty ford 's remains arrive in grand rapids , michigan ; she died friday at age 93 .  her casket will have a public viewing wednesday and thursday in grand rapids .  her funeral will be thursday ; she will be buried alongside her husban .
 melbourne cup : subzero the celebrity wonder horse <sec> australia 's equine star subzero still celebrated 21 years after melbourne cup win .  'subbie ' has raised an estimated $ 10.4 million for various charities during his 'retirement ' .  ex-aussie prime minister kevin rudd 's intervention saved his life back in 2009 .  hugh jackman and kylie minogue among celebrities to be upstaged by hi .
 five places to go before global warming messes them up <sec> global warming may ruin many of nature 's wonders .  rising sea levels could make visiting new orleans difficult in the future .  glaciers in the alps may melt by the middle of the century .  encouraged by warmer winters , pine beetles are ruining forests in colorad .
 teenager dies , 39 hurt in fresh clashes in iraq 's kurdistan <sec> most of the demonstrators oppose the kurdistan regional president .  the shooting takes place when protesters throw stones at security forces who open fire .  the protests have gone on for several days .  government and opposition leaders are scheduled to meet monday for talk .
 syrian rebels free 21 u.n. peacekeepers <sec> new : ban ki-moon `` welcomes '' the peacekeepers ' release .  twenty-one u.n. peacekeepers are handed to jordanian officials at border with syria .  rebels initially said peacekeepers , all filipinos , were trying to aid their enemy .  then they said they were just trying to keep them out of harm 's wa .
 protecting your home from unruly vacationers <sec> hospitality programs and vacation rental sites connect hosts with guests .  there 's always an unknown when allowing guests or renters to stay at your home .  online services offer various vetting procedures to guard against guests gone wild .  airbnb , a rental site that 's had some host horror stories , is beefing up its protection .
 petraeus was treated for prostate cancer <sec> gen. david petraeus is the top u.s. military commander in the middle east .  diagnosed in february , he underwent two months of radiation treatment .  statement says treatment has been considered successful .  petraeus considered the cancer a personal matter , kept it largely privat .
 controversial halloween party photos released <sec> partygoer used make-up to darken skin , went as escaped prisoner .  acting immigration chief judged costume contest .  congress told photos destroyed before julie myers ' confirmation hearings .  cnn got photos through freedom of information act reques .
 martin luther king 's daughter defiant in bible , nobel prize dispute <sec> the civil rights leader 's estate filed a complaint to force bernice king to turn over the items .  she says her brothers want them to sell them .  `` not on my watch , '' she says .  the siblings have sued and countersued one another , including 2008 filin .
 holders brazil held by paraguay in copa america <sec> holders brazil held 2-2 by paraguay in copa america group b match .  brazil need 89th minute equalizer from fred to salvage a point .  both brazil and argentina still to win in copa after two games apiec .
 hundreds of corpses found in nigerian town <sec> the town had recently been freed from the boko haram terror group .  volunteer from burial : `` ‎we collected over 400 corpses from the streets and in shallow graves .
 why google plus is n't dead -- well , yet <sec> google plus celebrates its first birthday , launches new features .  google plus events integrate with photo-sharing and google calendar .  the company is positioning the network as an extension of google .  executive tells mashable google plus is not a 'social network .
 u.s. must decide whether to seek death penalty in boston bombing <sec> attorney general will make final call , but expect white house , other top-level input .  dzhokhar tsarnaev , 19 , was advised of his rights as well as the charges at hospital .  suspect 's lawyers are expected to waive `` speedy trial '' requirement , sources said .  tsarnaev 's wounds , limited communication among variables that will affect course of cas .
 dealing with difficult co-workers <sec> the talker just wo n't shut up ; engages in long , one-sided conversations .  the kiss-up craves approval mostly from the boss .  the tmi has no boundaries and no shame the gossip will share any and every story -- as long as it 's not their .
 chief justice laments 'fiscal cliff ' effects on federal courts <sec> a prolonged reduction in funding would be hard to overcome , chief justice roberts says .  he notes 27 federal judicial vacancies are 'designated as presenting judicial emergencies ' .  'aggressive ' cost containment has been in place for federal courts since 2004 , he say .
 love me ( legal ) tender : elvis ranch on market for $ 6.5 million <sec> 154.5-acre ranch in horn lake , mississippi , once lived in by elvis presley .  presley purchased it in february 1967 , 3 months before marrying priscilla beaulieu .  the property has been on the market since last month .  current owners bought property in 1979 and turned it into a cattle ranc .
 skeletons found 'holding hands ' after 700 years <sec> two skeletons were found holding hands , buried at a lost chapel in leicester .  11 skeletons have been found so far , but are yet to be analyzed .  early findings suggest one died by being struck on the head with a pole axe .  leicester was also the site where the remains of king richard iii were foun .
 black farmers call on u.s. senate to fund settlement <sec> new : association chief urges final senate vote on black farmers ' aid by end of month .  the settlement involves the u.s. agriculture department .  qualified farmers could receive $ 50,000 each to settle claims of racial bias .  democrats and republicans have supported paying out the mone .
 who are your leading women of 2014 ? <sec> cnn are on the hunt for 2014 's leading women . .  we want to hear about your public figures and future stars from a range of professions . .  we want women from science , technology , fashion , politics , medicine and the arts .  the deadline for nominations is 17 december 2014 .
 tasmanian devils ' best hope for survival could rest on being less ferocious <sec> cancer spread through biting is threatening wild population of tasmanian devils .  new study found most aggressive were most likely to contract disease .  currently no treatment for devil facial tumor disease ( dftd ) .  estimates of 60 % decline of wild population since dftd discovere .
 report : iran developing nuclear bombs <sec> new : gop members of congress urge white house to ratchet up economic sanctions .  new : sanctions should target refined fuel supply , iran 's central bank , rep. mike rogers says .  a nuclear watchdog report expresses serious concern over iran 's nuclear program .  iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad dismisses the report as fabricatio .
 syrian president : u.s.-led airstrikes have caused 'no change ' in isis strength <sec> u.s.-led coalition carries out 14 more airstrikes near kobani , syria .  u.s. diplomat john kerry says anti-isis coalition has made `` significant progress '' .  syria 's president : no `` tangible '' signs u.s.-led strikes have hurt isis .  al-assad cast himself as a `` captain '' trying to `` save the country .
 opinion : how to regulate pot when it 's legal <sec> david nathan : medical marijuana debate obscures the issue of legalizing recreational use .  in legalizing pot , he says , concerns of both sides of the issue need to be considered .  nathan : goals are to keep it out of the hands of minors , reduce harm to adults , get revenue .  nathan : opponents and supporters of legalization must listen to each other 's concern .
 new orleans : tiniest evacuees sent to safety <sec> sick newborn babies among first evacuate area , as gustav approaches .  touro infirmary , sent seven nicu babies to woman 's hospital in baton rouge .  `` it was very , very , very disorganized , '' says touro 's chief medical office .
 source : cia operating in libya , in consultation with opposition <sec> weather prevents new coalition airstrikes .  cia operating in libya , in contact with opposition , source says .  libyan foreign minister quits , u.k. says .  opposition says it is carrying out `` tactical withdrawal .
 london terror suspect : 'terrorist ' describes me <sec> a british man charged with planning an attack said he had been to syria , court hears .  defendant erol incedal had documents on how to build a bomb , prosecution says .  incedal denies two charges ; a second defendant has admitted to one charge .  police say incedal had the address of a property belonging to former uk pm tony blai .
 it 's time to reclaim the facebook poke <sec> columnists : we should take back the facebook poke because it 's there .  casual survey says majority do n't like the poke , but that most have used it .  you can start a poke war with a friend or reconnect with an old acquaintance .  do n't poke with romance in mind ; instead , use `` super poke '' and send a shee .
 by royal appointment : queen 's horse estimate wins cartier award <sec> the queen 's horse estimate wins the cartier stayer award after a stellar year .  the four-year-old filly won the 2013 gold cup at royal ascot in front of the queen .  her majesty is a keen horse racing enthusiast just like her mother and father .  prix de l'arc de triomphe winner treve takes the horse of the year gon .
 gender-test runner semenya to keep gold medal , says south africa <sec> south african olympic runner caster semenya will keep her gold medal , the country 's sports ministry announced thursday .  ministry added in a statement that the results of a gender test would not be made public .  the world governing body for athletics , the iaaf , have refused to comment on the announcemen .
 coast guard halts traffic on low-water stretch of mississippi <sec> about a hundred vessels were idled by the closure .  a coast guard spokesman says he is unsure when the river will reope .
