 delaware governor 's office apologizes for racy tweet <sec> the delaware governor 's office deleted a tweet with a link to an 'inappropriate ' photo .  the governor 's staff apologized , saying it was an inadvertent mistake .  `` we just wish the accidental link had been a cat video , '' the office sai .
 posting images of our kids online : what are the rules ? <sec> author : is there an actual danger in having images of your kids online ? .  mother : `` putting my children 's photos on there is me making a decision for them '' .  blogger and mother : `` mom blogs are disneyland for pedophiles '' .  parents need to be conscious of the fact that the web is a public forum , author say .
 japan 's population faces dramatic decline <sec> a new study predicts japan 's population will be at about 86.7 million by 2060 .  that 's down dramatically from japan 's current 128 million people .  people 65 and up will total nearly 40 % of japan 's population in 2060 , the study say .
 authorities to decide fate of dorner reward money <sec> city put up $ 1 million reward in dorner case .  question is whether anyone met wording of offer .  dorner died in mountain cabin east of los angele .
 focus on the good news in the palestinian-israeli standoff <sec> julia bacha : why do n't we hear the stories of nonviolence from the israel-palestinian conflict ? .  she says the film budrus tells of palestinans uniting wth israeli 's in common cause , nonviolently .  she says they persuaded israeli army to shift separation barrier 's course , save budrus village .  bacha : people must recognize : nonviolent protest can be more influential than lethal forc .
 researchers may have found king solomon 's mines <sec> desert site in jordan may contain the ruins of the fabled king solomon 's mines .  king solomon is known in the old testament for his wisdom and wealth .  findings reported in the journal , proceedings of the national academy of science .
 hurricane gustav churns into gulf <sec> new : gustav heads into gulf after category 4 hurricane slams into cuba .  about 10,000 cubans flee to mainland , some in vintage cars , horse-drawn carriages .  storm expected to hit gulf coast on monday or tuesday .  coastal mississippi and new orleans residents getting ou .
 rudy giuliani 's obama outburst is ugly , divisive <sec> rudy giuliani said he does not believe the president loves america .  errol louis : giuliani 's outburst shows why he 's more of a cable tv rabble-rouser than a serious political figur .
 country star ty herndon comes out as gay <sec> ty herndon , country hitmaker , comes out as gay .  singer made announcement to people magazine .  herndon was inspired to `` tell my truth '' to future generation .
 commentary : haters of america are still out there <sec> ed rollins : castro , chavez , gadhafi applauded obama speech .  he says winning over u.s. foes is n't an important foreign policy goal .  he says obama faces very tough decision on troop levels in afghanista .
 biographer : mortality motivated steve jobs <sec> walter isaacson talks about his upcoming steve jobs book on cbs ' `` 60 minutes '' .  isaacson : apple co-founder regretted not getting surgery earlier for his cancer .  the first authorized biography of jobs hits stores monda .
 researchers aim to 'print ' human skin <sec> scientists used a modified inkjet printer loaded with living cells .  `` we are engineering human skin , '' says dr. anthony atala .  the project may take another five years of development before it is read .
 greenpeace ship captain back home from russia <sec> greenpeace vessel captain among 30 activists released by russian authorities .  the protesters faced 10 to 15 years on piracy charges .  their three-month saga ended with a sweeping amnesty program by russia 's presiden .
 think clowns are creepy ? this one 's fantasy home will change your mind <sec> meet russian slava polunin , one of the world 's most famous clowns .  performer 's home is a fantasy land of psychedelic architecture and furniture .  winner of olivier award revolutionized clowning for a modern age .  inspired by dancing from across the globe , including butoh , rock 'n roll , tang .
 search intensifies for new jersey man missing in israel <sec> new : search leader : `` hundreds and hundreds of people '' are searching for aaron sofer .  new : sofer 's parents offer 100,000 shekel reward to help find their son .  sofer , 23 , disappeared while hiking in the jerusalem forest .  police are questioning a friend who was with sofe .
 how twitter is working to keep its d.c. dominance - cnnpolitics.com <sec> twitter 's washington staff promotes tweeting to governments around the world . .  they do n't lobby ; they teach lawmakers and government agencies how to use twitter 's latest tool .
 kenya deputy president william ruto accused of crimes against humanity <sec> defense lawyer says icc investigation against ruto is `` exceptionally deficient '' .  william ruto is on trial at the hague over the 2007 post-election violence in kenya .  his boss , president uhuru kenyatta , has been indicted on similar charges .  both deny the accusations , as does a third defendant , radio personality joshua arap san .
 'glee 's ' ryan murphy defends teen sex episode <sec> tuesday 's episode of `` glee , '' `` the first time , '' finds two couples having sex .  in a groundbreaking move for an 8 p.m. series -- kurt and blaine have sex .  murphy says fox expressed no concern over the episode 's potentially polarizing subject matte .
 tornadoes hit colorado , minnesota <sec> new : five tornadoes touch down in colorado and minnesota .  storm chaser sees one hit near st. james , minnesota , but there is no damage .  storms will hit arkansas to indiana on friday , with rain continuing into saturda .
 questions of torture , abuse rooted in bush-era decisions <sec> recently released bush-era memos detail controversial interrogation practices .  the practices were used to interrogate in iraq and afghanistan .  the obama administration has said some of those practices constitute torture .  the memos have added to the debate over investigating bush-era official .
 alaskans now ok to smoke marijuana <sec> alaska joins colorado , washington state in legalizing marijuana use .  having 1 ounce or less of pot is now ok , but you ca n't do it in public or if you 're under 21 .  marijuana is still an illegal narcotic under federal la .
 minnesota men charged in somali recruiting <sec> two defendants were mere `` foot soldiers , '' their legal advocate says .  two charged with conspiracy , providing material support to terrorists .  fbi investigating somali militants ' recruiting effort in immigrant communities in u.s . .  the militant group in africa has ties to al qaed .
 wyclef jean says he will run for president of haiti <sec> jean was one of the first celebrities to offer aid after the earthquake .  he says he has filled out all the necessary paperwork .  jean shot to fame in the mid-1990s as a member of the fugee .
 hillary clinton trumpets win in florida despite lack of delegates <sec> rivals sens . .  barack obama and john edwards did not campaign in florida .  there were no delegates at stake in florida .  obama and edwards concentrated efforts on super tuesday state .
 imagine a congress that can do great things <sec> tamar jacoby : congress weighing highway bill that provides transportation funds .  she says 1956 debate that created interestate system should give congress a clue .  she says battle was fierce , like health care bill today ; congress made deal for public good .  jacoby : truckers , drivers accepted a tax ; congress should learn from thi .
 4.1 magnitude quake strikes in south carolina <sec> the quake was centered near edgefield , south carolina , not far from augusta , georgia .  it was about 3 miles deep and felt in metropolitan atlanta , some 160 miles to the west .  authorities say they have no immediate reports of damages or injurie .
 'talent ' judge : show did not exploit susan boyle <sec> amanda holden : boyle is `` a grown woman who applied to come on a talent show '' .  holden believes negative press coverage stressed out the overnight sensation .  though boyle was exceedingly nervous before finale , holden says she `` nailed it '' .  dr. drew pinsky : contestants on high-pressure shows should get help with stres .
 report : reputed terrorist long sought by cia killed in explosion <sec> state department , fbi welcome news of militant 's death , await confirmation .  terror experts call imad mughniyeh a role model for osama bin laden .  mughniyeh dies in syrian blast , according to hezbollah tv .  mughniyeh suspected in 1983 lebanon bombings , 1985 plane hijackin .
 double tragedy hits african football <sec> african football has been left reeling following the tragic deaths of two players .  nigerian striker endurance idahor collapsed on the pitch and died in a match in sudan .  teenage defender bartholomew opoku collapsed while playing for ghanaian side kessbe .
 u.s. warns serbia it 's responsible for safety of embassy <sec> u.s. : an event like embassy attack `` should not happen in a civilized country '' .  u.s. warns serbia of responsibility to protect u.s. diplomats , building .  embassy evacuating nonessential personnel ; ambassador will stay in belgrade .  no embassy documents taken during thursday attack and fire , spokesman say .
 iraq suffers 'accelerated surge ' in sectarian violence <sec> u.n. envoy calls for action to stop the `` accelerated surge in violence and bloodshed '' .  truck bombs exploded almost simultaneously at a school and police station sunday .  a suicide bomber targeting shiite pilgrims killed 7 in northeast baghdad sunday .  sectarian attacks killed dozens and wounded many more in the iraq saturda .
 hanna speeding up atlantic coast <sec> residents in huntington , virginia , voluntarily evacuating because of flooding .  fema says no states have requested help with damage from storm .  little damage reported from storm in u.s. after at least 137 deaths in haiti .  4 to 6 inches of rain expected all along atlantic coas .
 pacquiao returns home a hero <sec> manny pacquiao returns home to philippines after las vegas triumph .  pacman won world title at sixth different weight after beating miguel cotto .  cash-rich fight against floyd mayweather jr. in the offing in the united state .
 seaside town elects slovenia 's first black mayor <sec> peter bossman is slovenia 's first black mayor .  the 54-year-old doctor from ghana is a social democrat .  he writes proposals for fixing his city 's problems on prescription pape .
 in pakistan , clinton addresses rift , pushes anti-terror efforts <sec> new : clinton , mullen say u.s. , pakistan must continue working together .  clinton will lay out in a `` no-kidding '' way what the u.s. expects , says one official .  the secretary will warn that u.s. aid is in jeopardy unless pakistan makes progress .  clinton said recently that a strong u.s.-pakistan relationship `` is in our national interests .
 tokyo : stay in style <sec> why stay at the peninsula hotel ? .  because it has in-room espresso machines .  the views from the park hyatt were the real star of `` lost in translation '' .  a `` ryokan '' is a traditional inn , with futons and `` tatami '' floor mats in the rooms .  if you 're short on cash , or just curious , spend a night in a capsule hote .
 cnn student news - february 25 , 2015 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 court says west virginia can use redrawn congressional districts <sec> u.s. supreme court decision overturned lower court ruling on redrawn voter map .  state officials said they would proceed with new map in time for november election .  issue was whether population variances in u.s. house districts were enough to violate the la .
 by the numbers : petraeus scandal <sec> 4 - number of stars awarded petraeus as u.s. army general .  2 - number of four-star generals involved in the scandal .  around 30,000 - documents -- many of them emails -- investigators are looking at related to allen and kelley .  22 - current and former directors of the u.s. central intelligence agenc .
 five suspects arrested in mexican casino torching <sec> all five have confessed to involvement in the arson , the governor says .  the fire killed 52 people .  attorney general says the suspects are members of the criminal gang los zetas .  `` we have scientific proof '' of their participation , the governor say .
 opinion : how the world is saving the shark <sec> tara sonenshine : as china gets richer , demand for shark skin soup rising .  international campaigns and help from u.s. have slowed the demand for the soup , she says .  she says saving sharks is part of a movement helping elephants , rhinos , other animal .
 prince william and kate create buzz in nyc <sec> royal couple meets jay-z , beyonce and receives gift jerseys from lebron james .  protesters march outside the arena where william and kate attend an nba game .  it 's the first trip to new york for the duke and duchess of cambridge .  prince william also meets with president barack obam .
 siri leaves beta , enters manhood <sec> apple is updating its siri voice assistant feature on wednesday .  siri will get an optional male voice and will integrate twitter and wikipedia results .  siri faces stiff competition from google 's voice search , which can also be used on the iphone .  as part of the overhaul , siri is no longer labeled a `` beta '' produc .
 south africa launches banknotes with mandela image <sec> banknotes featuring a picture of the former president go into circulation .  the new banknotes will co-exist with the current bills as legal tender .  mandela spent 27 years in prison for fighting against racial segregatio .
 prince william helps bust $ 80m drug smuggling boat <sec> prince william has helped the u.s. coast guard bust a drug smuggling boat .  boat carrying cocaine with a street value of at least $ 80m , officials say .  prince william helped spot the boat hundreds of miles northeast of barbado .
 ray rice case to be investigated by former fbi director <sec> new : espn reports sources say ray rice admitted punching now-wife in june .  robert mueller to lead inquest into how nfl handled its investigation into rice case .  national organization for women says investigation is n't enough .  ap reports nfl executive received a copy of in-elevator video in apri .
 iranian 'happy ' video suspects get suspended sentences <sec> a dance video got three men and three women and the director in trouble .  their sentence is they have to stay out of any more trouble for 3 years .  if not , they will get 91 lashes each and go to prison .  the pop song `` happy '' was the inspiration for the vide .
 muslim group : two imams pulled from plane bound for north carolina <sec> new : both men were prominent imams and dressed in muslim attire .  airline apologizes but does not say why the men were taken off the plane .  the men say they were told passengers were uncomfortabl .
 iran court to target 'media crimes , ' spurring fears of fresh crackdown <sec> iranian officials say a new special court will focus on `` media crimes , '' state media say .  the court will include justices specializing in media , cultural issues .  a u.s.-based iranian journalist say independent media will likely be even more targeted .  a journalist rights group says 34 journalists are jailed in iran , as much as in any natio .
 myanmar : testing the limits of reform <sec> previously outlawed magazines , newspapers now operating inside myanmar .  but myanmar authorities remain in control of most newspapers , tv and radio .  aung zaw cautiously optimistic about changes ; his publication will retain office in thailand .  journalists still self-censor much of their work out of fear of legal actio .
 bayern 's bid for bundesliga record falters <sec> bayern munich fans denied winning celebration ahead of bundesliga winter break .  home side has to come from behind to earn 1-1 draw with monchengladbach .  result means bayern must wait for saturday 's results to set new halfway record .  victory for bayer leverkusen will stop leaders breaking dortmund 's 10-point mileston .
 u.s. general warns troops to treat dead with 'dignity and respect ' <sec> new : investigators have talked to the four marines in the urination video .  new : they are currently in the united states .  the marine corps promises an `` expeditious , full and fair investigation '' .  a general reminds troops to treat dead with `` appropriate dignity and respect .
 why do unmarried couples opt out of wedlock ? <sec> it 's not just 20-something social idealists who decline to get married .  aarp survey shows many older adults looking primarily for companionship .  some couples cite discrimination against gay and lesbian couples as reaso .
 juror : 'no doubt ' that george zimmerman feared for his life <sec> the juror says she will no longer write a book about the trial .  the juror says she believes both zimmerman and martin could have walked away .  an initial jury vote was split -- three guilty , three not guilty -- she tells cnn .  `` his heart was in the right place . .  it just went terribly wrong , '' the juror says about zimmerma .
 web site posts what it says are half million text messages from 9/11 <sec> wikileaks site releases text message , pager messages from morning of september 11 .  messages reveal people panicking , trying to see if loved ones are ok .  text messages include firsthand accounts , many `` i love you '' message .
 police seek suspects in ferguson-area looting <sec> video shows looters at the dellwood market just outside ferguson , missouri .  surveillance video released by police shows dozens pouring into small busines .
 turkey weighs missile purchase options <sec> turkey considering bids to supply at least $ 1 billion worth of defense systems .  country 's military says potential deal includes u.s. patriot missiles .  some question whether turkey really needs to purchase extra missiles .  obama scrapped u.s. plans for a missile defense shield in eastern europ .
 'i 'm not your enemy ' : 10 things parents and teachers want each other to know <sec> ron clark 's 2011 essay was shared more than 898,000 times on facebook .  `` what teachers really want to tell parents '' became one of cnn 's most-shared stories .  cnn asked readers what parents or teachers really need to know . .  what do you think ? .  comment belo .
 where is the alleged smoking gun in the hernandez case ? <sec> prosecution begins to tie together elements in case against aaron hernandez .  a surveillance video before jury shows ex-football player 's fiancee carrying heavy ba .
 no longer a registered sex offender , but the stigma remains <sec> ricky blackman landed on the sex offender registry when he was 16 .  he admits having sex with a girl , 13 , but says he thought she was 15 .  his record followed him from iowa after he and his mother moved to oklahoma .  blackman 's mother lobbied to change the law that labeled her son a sex offende .
 attorneys to argue about evidence in warren jeffs sexual assault trial <sec> jury is selected in warren jeffs case .  the judge says the trial could last two to three weeks .  the polygamous sect leader faces charges of sexual assault and bigamy .  they stem from a 2008 raid on a ranch operated by his churc .
 uk police arrest 9 men suspected of terror offenses <sec> new : uk media reports name one of those arrested as radical cleric anjem choudary .  the men , aged from 22 to 51 years old , were all detained in london , police say .  the men arrested are suspected of belonging to and supporting a banned organization .  the arrests `` are not in response to any immediate public safety risk , '' police sa .
 administration blocks texas voter id law <sec> texas gov . .  rick perry describes obama 's move as an example of `` federal overreach '' .  the law requires people to show a photo id at the polling place .  the justice department says there is little evidence of `` in-person voter impersonation '' .  the department blocked a similar voter id law in south carolina in decembe .
 grenade attacks kill one , injure 33 in kenya <sec> new : `` such is the law of retribution , '' al-shabaab statement says .  red cross reports two grenade attacks -- one in mombasa , one in nearby mtwapa .  kenya has been on edge since it sent its troops into somalia to pursue al-shabaab militants .  the attacks occur in communities along the indian ocea .
