 major snowstorm headed for new england , again <sec> new : `` i 'm ready for spring , '' says one massachusetts resident .  braving snow and strong winds , milwaukee brewers fans line up for tickets .  the peak of the storm is forecast for saturday night through midday sunday .  it could dump as much as 18 inches of snow in some place .
 weight loss success : teen sheds 100 pounds <sec> alan gamez was up to 270 pounds as a freshman in high school .  he says he ate up to eight times a day , mostly unhealthy food .  a class in exercise and wellness at school inspired him to get fit .  he dropped down to 170 pounds , then used weightlifting to add muscl .
 stopping flow of conflict minerals from congo to your cell phone <sec> congo 's `` conflict minerals '' used in cell phones , other products , co-authors say .  financial regulation law requires makers of electronics to audit supply sources .  co-authors : consumers should urge companies to make products conflict-free .  they say obama administration should work with the congo to develop legitimate minin .
 attorneys general call for craigslist to get rid of adult services ads <sec> attorneys general urge craigslist to drop adult services ads .  company pledges to prevent 'misuse of our site ' .  fake ad garnered 15 calls soliciting sex in three hour .
 the namibian women who dress like victorians <sec> many herero women in namibia wear traditional victorian-style costume .  the style of clothing was brought to the country by german colonialists over 100 years ago .  the hats worn by herero women represent the horns of cattle .  the style of dress continues to be passed down through generation .
 'mother nature 's one-two punch ' pounds northeast <sec> new : `` it 's testing the resolve and the grit of my state , '' newark mayor says .  on long island 's hard-hit coast , towns such as oceanside still largely without power .  `` everyone 's really frazzled , angry , '' says rick wolkenberg , 59 .  contractors go door-to-door to check electrical wiring on homes , businesse .
 opinion : does what women wear to work matter ? <sec> a loyola law school memo advises students what not to wear to work-study jobs .  peggy drexler : memo implies that women 's looks and job performance are related .  she says the memo , while perhaps useful in spirit , was insulting in tone .  drexler : does school doubt women 's ability to make common sense choices .
 police : broncos fan missing 5 days simply went for walk <sec> new : `` i knew god was walking by our side , '' stepdaughter posts on facebook .  paul kitterman decided he wanted to walk `` somewhere warmer , '' police say .  the broncos fan , 53 , disappeared from a game against the chargers last week .  police : he slept in bushes and discarded his hat so no one would recognize hi .
 scientist : poultry trade may be spreading deadly bird flu <sec> virologist says poultry trade may be spreading deadly bird flu virus .  evidence that wet markets selling live poultry are primary source of infection .  127 cases have been detected in 10 provinces and 24 people have died .  poultry markets closed in shanghai and six other province .
 stark future lies ahead for health in developing countries <sec> oxfam : lack of infrastructure is the greatest danger to health in poor countries .  who : 4.25 million more doctors and nurses needed worldwide .  poor countries wo n't cope with sars , avian flu .  positive policy changes have seen number of children not in school fall by a thir .
 review : 'the deep blue sea ' is nuanced <sec> rachel weisz plays hester , a woman who leaves her marriage for a younger man .  terrence davies adapted `` the deep blue sea '' from the 1952 play of the same name .  weisz , in one of her finest performances , opens herself beautifully to vulnerability and foll .
 chris gayle hits first ever double century in world cup <sec> west indies ' chris gayle broke cricket world cup records by hitting a double century in a match against zimbabwe .  well known for his powerful batting , it took gale 138 balls to reach the historic 200 mark .  he was almost out on the first ball after an lbw appeal from zimbabw .
 fight for future of afghanistan 's culture plays out on tv <sec> `` afghan star '' is afghanistan 's version of `` american idol '' .  the show , one of afghanistan 's most popular , has completed its fourth season .  another show , `` koran star , '' judges contestants ' knowledge of islam 's holy book .  many observers see tv programming as a culture war inside afghanista .
 cnn vatican analyst : pope francis ' name choice 'precedent shattering ' <sec> new : pope francis names himself in honor of st. francis of assisi , vatican says .  the name `` francis '' is a first in the roman catholic church , an analyst says .  the new pope sends a signal `` this will not be business as usual , '' the analyst adds .  namesake st. francis of assisi is a most venerated figur .
 nigeria : stadium blast after president speaks <sec> there were either one or two female suicide bombers , authorities said .  president jonathan had left an hour earlier , police sai .
 golden goal : can boys from brazil achieve olympic dream ? <sec> brazil favorites for the olympic football tournament at london 2012 olympics .  five-time world cup winners have never won olympic gold in national sport .  manchester star anderson says winning gold on a par with winning the world cup .  teammate rafael da silva in provisional 52-man brazil squad for game .
 bo xilai saga nears the end game <sec> wang lijun , the former police chief of chongqing , this week was sentenced to 15 years .  lijun set off the bo xilai saga when he fled to a u.s. consulate n february .  investigation resulted in the murder conviction of bo 's wife , gu kailai , in august .  question remains : what is going to happen to bo xilai , and will he be charged .
 malala at u.n. : taliban failed to silence us <sec> malala yousafzai : after the bullets , `` out of that silence came thousands of voices '' .  she addresses the u.n . .  youth assembly , a gathering of more than 500 youth leaders .  `` i do n't even hate the talib who shot me , '' she said friday , her 16th birthday .  `` this is what my soul is telling me , '' she said . .  `` be peaceful and love everyone .
 north korea calls for fresh six-party talks <sec> a senior north korean official made a rare visit to the united states last week .  north korea wants to resume six-party talks on nuclear disarmament .  the north wants those talks to resume without preconditions .  the u.s. and south korea want the north to show first that it 's serious about disarmamen .
 giving each child the chance to live past 5 <sec> kathy calvin : in 2010 , 7.6 million kids worldwide younger than 5 died who did n't have to .  preventable diseases such as malnutrition and diarrhea kill children , she says .  calvin : vaccines , food , better health care , mosquito nets can save these lives .  mortality has dropped , but u.n. , businesses , countries must keep up efforts , she write .
 pope arrives in cuba ; visit carries political tinge <sec> new : pope benedict xvi delivers mass in santiago de cuba .  he will fly to havana on tuesday .  the island nation was once an atheist state ; this is only the second papal visit there .  church officials now say the island is about 60 % catholic , though few openly practic .
 egypt 's morsy taps new military commanders <sec> egyptian president names navy , air force and air defense force commanders .  the move comes just days after he shook up the country 's powerful military leadership .  morsy assumed office june 30 and moved quickly to assert his authorit .
 alan gross ' wife : 'he will not endure another year ' <sec> it 's been five years since cuban authorities arrested alan gross .  the former state department subcontractor is serving a 15-year prison sentence .  `` after five years of literally wasting away , alan is done , '' his wife says .  the state department renews its call for cuban authorities to release gros .
 review : 'tropic thunder ' has some strong laughs <sec> tom charity : `` tropic thunder '' does n't always hit , but when it does , pow ! .  robert downey jr. particularly good in hollywood satire .  film 's first half particularly strong , though it gets repetitiv .
 animal rights activist on fbi 's 'most wanted terrorists ' list <sec> fbi is searching for animal rights activist daniel andreas san diego .  authorities allege san diego bombed two facilities in california .  computer network specialist sports several elaborate tattoos .  reports have placed animal rights activist in costa rica , rural southern virgini .
 italians split on accusations against prime minister <sec> milan prosecutors are investigating whether berlusconi paid for sex with a minor .  some ordinary italians say they do n't care about the scandal .  others say it 's shameful for the country .  an opposition lawmaker wants berlusconi to step dow .
 who needs a magic wand when you have an ipad ? <sec> the magician uses an ipad to do a series of magic tricks .  he makes a live bird appear moments after showing a video of it on the screen .  jobs deemed the ipad `` a truly magical and revolutionary product '' in januar .
 obama as juggler : multi-tasking mold shapes today 's presidency <sec> new : douglas brinkley says modern times are not `` uniquely oppressive '' .  obama dealt with a number of high-stakes issues in the run-up to sunday 's raid .  robert dallek questions whether an older president could cope with today 's burdens .  political scientist wendy schiller says the 24/7 media is forcing more rapid response .
 standoff is latest in venezuelan prisons ' history of problems <sec> a standoff over weapons continues to brew at the rodeo ii prison .  a human rights commission has repeatedly called for reforms at prisons .  a video allegedly shows a scene from inside one of the prison .
 study : more u.s. girls starting puberty early <sec> experts are n't sure what 's behind the increase in earlier puberty .  studies showed girls who started puberty earlier at greater risk for certain cancers .  doctor : chemicals such as bisphenol-a ( bpa ) may affect hormone .
 nigeria soldiers save maiduguri from boko haram <sec> soldiers repelled the attacks in maiduguri , the capital of borno state .  a simultaneous attack on nearby monguno was a different stor .
 rapper gucci mane to serve more than 3 years on federal gun charges <sec> rapper pleads guilty to a federal firearms charge .  prosecutor : charges stem from two september incidents involving different guns .  gucci mane was arrested in 2012 and accused of hitting a man with a bottle .  sentencing is scheduled for july 2 .
 leno swings at nbc as fallon jokes about move <sec> reports about jimmy fallon taking over `` tonight '' prompted late night jokes .  on wednesday , jay leno fired off more cracks about nbc .  fallon , meanwhile , quipped that `` tonight '' will become a diving sho .
 lima strike stuns juventus as benfica look to lift the 'curse ' <sec> benfica beat juventus 2-1 in europa league semifinal first leg .  substitute lima scores stunning late winner .  benfica looking to end 52-year-old european title drought .  sevilla beat valencia 2-0 in all-spanish semifinal first le .
 dmv employee resigns over letter condemning customer to hell <sec> california dmv employee submits resignation .  transgender person says state employee sent her letter .  letter states homosexuality is an abomination .  department of motor vehicles said it will ensure customers are treated fairl .
 and justice for all ? : debating the zimmerman arrest and race in america <sec> ireporters and cnn commenters react to george zimmerman 's arrest in trayvon martin 's death .  debate follows weeks of national outrage after no formal charges were initially filed .  no closure in sight for activists demanding justice for marti .
 'the king 's speech ' leads oscar races <sec> `` the social network '' is up for eight awards .  `` the king 's speech '' gathered 12 oscar nominations .  the cowboy remake `` true grit '' is nominated 10 time .
 why toilet paper belongs to america <sec> ancient greeks used clay , stone ; romans , sponges and salt water as toilet paper .  u.s. man designs aloe-infused sheets of manila hemp in 1857 .  johnny carson joked about toilet paper shortage , people bought out stores .  u.s. buys $ 6 billion of toilet tissue annually -- more than any other natio .
 new york times reporter dies in syria <sec> anthony shadid had reported from the middle east for nearly two decades .  he appears to have died of an asthma attack , the newspaper says .  he was the winner of two pulitzer prize .
 colorado wildfire could spread into boulder , city warns <sec> new : some boulder residents should `` think about '' evacuating , city says .  `` entire chains of trees '' ablaze in rocky mountain foothills .  wind-whipped fire claims nearly 170 homes .  no deaths or injuries reported since blaze started monda .
 a new frontier : uae and qatar lift off as new msci emerging markets <sec> dubai stock market is best performing in world over last 18 months .  uae and qatar upgraded to emerging market status by msci .  nine companies from uae to be represented on msci inde .
 iraq denies blackwater an operating license <sec> new : state department looking at options for protection of diplomats .  american security contractor loses right to operate in iraq .  2007 shooting of 17 civilians led to decision , interior ministry spokesman says .  five ex-blackwater guards have pleaded not guilty to charges related to inciden .
 son of packers ' coach drowned , police say <sec> michael philbin , 21 , went missing sunday in oshkosh , wisconsin .  searchers pulled his body from a river on monday .  toxicology results will be available in several weeks , police say .  there was no evidence of foul play , police sa .
 opinion : lessons from 'america 's most wanted ' : never give up <sec> philip lerman oversaw the missing child cases for `` america 's most wanted '' .  60 cases were solved but not the personal one : his stepsister 's disappearance .  he saw brave families hold out hope , and show would air and re-air their cases .  lerman says every family of a missing child is holding onto hope after women foun .
 what is man 's greatest achievement ? <sec> cnn posed the question to people in seven cities .  answers ranged from fire , to the written word , the internet , plane travel .  a few people nominated the moon landing as man 's greatest feat .  have your say through sound off , or send us a video to irepor .
 matt damon 's personal water war <sec> only 1 in 4 people in india have access to clean water .  actor matt damon is using his celebrity to bring attention to the dire need for water .  768 million people still use unsafe drinking water sources , according to the world health organizatio .
 kim jong un to visit moscow in may , source says <sec> this would be kim jong un 's first official foreign trip as north korea 's leader .  the soviet union and north korea enjoyed strong ties in the pas .
 lieberman opposes medicare at 55 <sec> sen. joseph lieberman says he expressed his opposition to sen. harry reid .  lieberman 's vote on health care is crucial to democratic hopes of passing bill .  connecticut independent also rules out government-run insurance option .  house has already passed health bill ; any senate bill would have to be merged with i .
 head of abc news will resign post <sec> after 13 years of service , abc news president david westin will resign his post .  one news report says that westin had a long-running feud with parent company disney .  abc continues to rank no . .  2 behind nbc in the mornings and evening .
 oklahoma flooding leaves 136 injured <sec> new : 136 people injured in oklahoma flooding ; none seriously .  new : severe thunderstorm watch remains in part of state .  state of emergency declared in 59 counties .  flash flood watch extended through 7 a.m. tuesday ; some neighborhoods evacuate .
 big brother is coming to chinese screens <sec> launching in early 2015 , the first-ever chinese version of big brother will air for ten weeks .  will follow the format of the hugely successful reality show popular across the world .  comes at a time when china has been clamping down on `` excessive , vulgar '' conten .
 lucarelli keeps italy squad place <sec> striker cristiano lucarelli keeps his place in italy 's squad to face scotland .  lucarelli impressed by scoring twice in the recent victory over south africa .  juventus striker raffaele palladino earns his first call-up to the senior squa .
 will of the williams : venus vows to rise again after illness <sec> venus and serena williams have been beset by health issues in recent times .  serena suffered blood clots on her lungs , and venus has sjogren 's syndrome .  seven-time grand slam winner venus makes her return to the wta tour on wednesday .  the former world no . .  1 has not played since pulling out of the u.s. open in august 201 .
 police enforcement of library lending leaves 5 year-old in tears <sec> police stop by family 's house to tell them to return their daughter 's overdue library books .  hailey benoit , who was standing beside her mom when the officer arrived , burst into tears .  charlton public library is cracking down on late fees , a spokeswoman said .  the books , which included $ 100 in late fees , have since been returne .
 pennsylvania governor : change law after penn state scandal <sec> new : a new law should require a witness to tell law enforcement , a pennsylvania legal expert says .  gov . .  corbett : a new law may pass by the end of the year .  prosecutors have not charged mcqueary or paterno .  bachmann : if someone raped her child , she 'd `` want to beat him to a pulp .
 terminally ill 'angola 3 ' inmate is released <sec> inmate is released , according to attorney .  federal judge orders release of terminally ill inmate , 71 .  herman wallace was in solitary confinement for more than 40 years .  he was convicted of killing a guard at prison in angola , louisian .
 snag the first sunbeam of a new day at acadia <sec> acadia was the first national park east of the mississippi river .  its 47,000 acres spread from the schoodic peninsula to many islands .  cadillac mountain is the tallest peak on the atlantic coast .  more than 300 bird species can be seen at acadia national par .
 2 sailors found dead after toxic smoke fills indian submarine <sec> two sailors who were missing are found dead , authorities say .  seven other sailors are hospitalized after toxic smoke on a submarine .  the chief of the navy has stepped down following a series of problems on vessels .  in august , an explosion on another indian submarine killed all 18 sailors on boar .
 torture a hallmark of phoenix 's drug kidnappings <sec> phoenix police investigated 368 kidnappings in 2008 , 357 in 2007 .  human smuggler was tortured for days because kidnappers suspected he had cash .  police say kidnappers cut , beat , shoot and electrocute victims to get their money .  men kidnapped innocent 13-year-old girl after neighbor stole marijuana , police sa .
 dough rising in pizza capital of the world <sec> old forge , pennsylvania , calls itself the pizza capital of the world .  most of the pizza café owners ' relatives came from felitto , italy .  the pizza is rectangular with a thick crus .
 n.h. tax evaders taken into custody after standoff <sec> browns were sentenced in absentia in april .  couple had previously refused to surrender to authorities .  browns have insisted no valid law required them to pay income taxes .  couple 's n.h. home had become a rallying spot for anti-government supporter .
 sixth person arrested in homecoming gang rape <sec> another arrest made in gang rape outside california school .  investigators say up to 20 people took part or stood and watched the assault .  four suspects appeared in court thursday ; three wore bulletproof vest .
 opinion : americans agree : pot 's no crime <sec> allen st. pierre , paul armentano : ground has shifted in favor of legalizing pot .  they say americans think enforcement is too costly .  writers : polls shows more in u.s. favor legalizing pot for adults .  writers : pot legalization is not a matter of `` if , '' it 's a matter of `` when .
 report : amazon is making a tv set-top box <sec> amazon is making a set-top box that would stream content to a tv , a report says .  the device reportedly will go on sale this fall .  amazon would likely put its own content front-and-center on the devic .
