 five killed in california crash involving 12 motorcycles <sec> new : border cameras may help police find the driver who fled the scene .  new : a dui charge against the dodge avenger driver was dropped .  the bikers were taking a casual ride to mark their 10th anniversary .  four bikers and a passenger in the car di .
 as protests calm , tensions remain as u.s. seeks to protect embassies <sec> new : egypt 's prime minister says some were paid to protest outside u.s. embassy .  yemen 's parliament calls u.s. troops presence in yemen unacceptable , speaker says .  the u.s. issues travel warnings for sudan and tunisia due to security concerns .  calm is restored in cairo , site of the first protests tied to the inflammatory anti-islam fil .
 volcano erupts in iceland ; hundreds evacuated <sec> new : scientists concerned eruption could melt part of glacier , flood populated areas .  first time since 1821 that the volcano under eyjafjallajokull glacier has erupted .  eyjafjallajokull is about 100 miles east of reykjavi .
 pistorius not suicidal , family says <sec> new : oscar pistorius ' family denies a bbc report that the runner is suicidal .  new : pistorius `` believes he has a purpose in life , '' his uncle says .  pistorius is accused of killing his girlfriend , reeva steenkamp , on february 14 .  prosecutors say it was premeditated murder ; he says it was an acciden .
 argentina 's fernandez sworn in for 2nd term <sec> fernandez won re-election with 54 % of the vote .  she was sworn in on saturday .  she praised the country 's economy and warned of future challenge .
 'survivor ' host jeff probst is married <sec> this is the second marriage for both jeff probst and lisa ann russell .  russell , 40 , shares custody of two children with `` franklin & bash '' actor mark-paul gosselaar .  probst , 50 , will preside over the finale of `` survivor : south pacific '' on cb .
 tsa screeners at lax arrested on narcotics trafficking charges <sec> grand jury indictment shows four people have been arrested in alleged scheme .  indictment says tsa employees allowed drugs to pass through security checkpoints .  in exchange for looking other way , screeners received cash , indictment says .  three others are suspected in the 2011 incidents at los angeles internationa .
 south korea says hacking not from chinese address <sec> wednesday 's suspected cyberattack hit 32,000 computers .  nine companies fell victim to the malicious code .  government computers were n't affected .  south korea has blamed the north in the past , which has rejected the allegation .
 body of arkansas 4-year-old found <sec> new : `` he was full of life , '' stepfather says .  caleb linn 's body was found in an arkansas river .  he was reported missing over the weekend at a boy scout camp .  no foul play is suspected in the 4-year-old 's disappearanc .
 sandusky can see most of his grandchildren , judge rules <sec> new : sandusky 's attorney says the family is happy about the ruling .  a judge rules that jerry sandusky can see some of his grandchildren .  the judge denies prosecutor 's request to require the former coach to stay indoors .  tim curley 's legal team asks that a perjury charge against him be droppe .
 billy bean named mlb 's 'ambassador of inclusion ' <sec> billy bean came out in 1999 , four years after his career ended .  he will lead mlb 's training efforts against homophobia , prejudice , sexism .  mlb also posthumously honored its first gay player , glenn burke .  burke came out to teammates during his career , did so publicly late .
 how a fake google news story spread online <sec> fake news report about google sheds light on web news pitfalls .  press release saying web giant bought wi-fi company was a hoax .  in rush to publish , many online outlets failed to double-check accuracy .  new : ceo apologizes , promises change .
 indian headmistress tied to poisoned lunches arrested <sec> new : `` every aspect of the case will be investigated , '' bihar 's chief minister says .  police say headmistress meena kumari was taken into custody on her way to a court .  authorities say her school served toxic lunches , killing 23 students .  police also want to question her husband in connection with the cas .
 wind industry pulled in to candidates ' debate on outsourcing <sec> romney campaign attacks stimulus funding for overseas energy companies .  but that 's where the products were , one observer says .  wind industry says those programs fueled a boom that created american jobs .  both romney and obama are weak on outsourcing , a liberal economist say .
 byu stands by call to dismiss star athlete for 'honor code ' violation <sec> brandon davies is kicked off the cougars ' basketball team for 'honor code ' violation .  sources tell the salt lake tribune that davies admitted to having premarital sex .  school officials say that davies is being treated like any other student .  the athletic director defends the honor code , calling it `` a strength '' for by .
 rafael nadal shrugs off monaco hangover with barcelona win <sec> rafael nadal continues his barcelona open winning streak in first match .  the world no . .  5 defeats 63rd-ranked argentine carlos berlocq .  spanish top seed david ferrer suffers shock defeat to russian dmitry tursunov .  barcelona presents another chance to warm up for the french open in ma .
 review : doleful washington keeps 'flight ' grounded <sec> `` flight '' stars denzel washington as a flawed airline pilot .  critic praises the spectacular plane crash in film .  there 's also a love story between washington and another troubled characte .
 quiz india 's mother of invention <sec> india 's richest woman kiran mazumdar-shaw is founder and ceo of biocon .  email her your questions on business and secrets of her success .  her answers will appear here on friday , november 2 .
 online jobs clearinghouse aims to match employers and job seekers <sec> universe.jobs aims to create a unified online jobs platform .  among fortune 1000 companies , 580 are already posting jobs on the site .  job seekers can search under specific links by region and type of jo .
 chris brown on trial in d.c. : bodyguard set to defend singer <sec> the d.c. verdict will impact chris brown 's jail time in los angeles .  brown 's trial to start after a judge announces her verdict in his bodyguard 's case .  the bodyguard is expected to testify he landed a punch that broke parker adams ' nose .  brown 's washington arrest caused his california probation to be revoke .
 slaying victim 's son : killer still 'wandering around ' churchill downs <sec> victim 's son thinks his father 's killer is one of churchill downs ' stable workers .  `` backside '' of horse racing track is a secluded , overlooked world .  no suspects in slaying , but police looking into altercations at track .  son said father never said anything about enemies or trouble .
 four arrested after deadly brazilian nightclub fire <sec> new : `` i saw people bleeding , fainting , running over other people , '' survivor says .  two club owners and two band members are held in the investigation .  the blaze killed in the brazilian city of santa maria killed 231 .  `` i think we will get to the bottom of this investigation , '' police chief say .
 at their office in doha , taliban make changes <sec> the flag has been lowered behind the walls of the compound .  the sign is down .  it 's unclear whether the changes will suffice to lure karzai back to talk .
 tour of prison reveals the last days of saddam hussein <sec> cnn shoots first video inside saddam hussein 's cell , gets a look at his journal .  marine general describes hussein 's last day and preparation for execution .  hussein planted a garden , worked out , wrote poetry while in prison .  hussein was friendly with guards , who called him `` vic '' for very important crimina .
 uva council to host dialogue with police on controversial arrest <sec> forum set for friday afternoon to discuss martese johnson arrest .  arrest prompted protests after images circulated showing student 's bloodied fac .
 al qaeda 's bench of leaders dwindles <sec> al qaeda confirms that two of its leaders were killed in january drone strikes .  other leaders have been killed or captured recently .  the terrorist group 's capacity to carry out attacks in the west has been greatly diminishe .
 injured vonn may not ski in olympics <sec> lindsey vonn cast doubts on whether she will be able to compete in the winter olympics .  the american alpine skier is struggling to recover from a shin injury .  vonn said she injured her right shin when she fell in practice while in austri .
 state patrol : ariel castro committed suicide , with written notes near <sec> state report : ariel castro committed suicide , did n't die of auto-erotic asphyxiation .  a corrections officer saw castro 27 minutes before the inmate was found hanging .  a note in castro 's cell says `` all are sinners , we all fall short on the glory of god '' .  another handwritten note says `` love my kids and grandkids .
 apparently this matters : cats in clothes <sec> a tumblr blog features cats wearing clothing .  it was started by a swedish couple who put tights on their cat .  the woman behind it also blogs about cooking with a coffee maker .  she 's also a balloon artist . .  of cours .
 90-year-old florida man charged for feeding homeless <sec> arnold abbott faces charges for feeding homeless people under a new ordinance .  `` drop that plate right now , '' abbott says an officer told him .  the 90-year-old florida man says he 's prepared to fight the new rules .  advocates blast the ordinance ; fort lauderdale officials defend i .
 progress reported in palestinian prisoner hunger strike talks <sec> at least 1,650 palestinian detainees are on a hunger strike .  negotiations continue over their demands .  they want an end to israel 's practice of holding people indefinitely without charg .
 hulk hogan 's son seriously injured in car wreck <sec> police : nick bollea , 17 , was driving the toyota supra that went out of control .  bollea is known as nick hogan on reality show `` hogan knows best '' .  bollea 's companion in the car is in critical condition , police said .  incident happened in clearwater , florida , sunday nigh .
 report : political instability on the rise <sec> new research finds the middle east and north africa , and east africa are political risk hotspots .  the philippines , india , uganda , ghana , israel and malaysia saw the largest decrease in risk .  more than half of countries are classified as 'extreme ' or 'high risk ' of limiting political freedoms .  disparity between political freedom and education drives short-term social unres .
 body of accused killer is donated to science <sec> adam mayes is accused of killing a woman and her daughter .  he also abducted two girls , authorities allege .  cornered , mayes shot himself in the head and die .
 three people killed in arizona plane crash <sec> plane burst into flames , police officials says .  witness tells cnn affiliate the small plane was trying to take off .  plane registered to a two-time olympia .
 same blue dye in m & ms linked to reducing spine injury <sec> researchers find way to reduce secondary damage caused by spinal injuries .  compound bbg is similar to blue food dye used in sweets , sports drinks .  only side effect of intravenous injection was that it turned test rats blue .  researchers are planning to apply to the fda for permission for human test .
 mexico : 14 dismembered bodies found outside city hall <sec> authorities are investigating a state prosecutors says .  authorities found the 14 bodies , 11 men and 3 women .  turf battles between the rival cartels have become common in northern mexic .
 gerrard penalty gives liverpool lead <sec> liverpool defeat manchester city 1-0 in the first leg of the english league cup semifinal .  liverpool captain steven gerrard scores the only goal with a first-half penalty .  it is city 's second successive home defeat after the fa cup loss to manchester united .  tottenham level with manchester united in premier league after 2-0 win over everto .
 putin names acting finance minister <sec> russia gets a new finance minister .  anton siluanov takes the post after alexei kudrin 's ouster .  kudrin 's comments on defense spending did not sit well with medvede .
 three launched for rendezvous with space station <sec> new : spacecraft is launched in kazakhstan .  soyuz spacecraft taking three crew members to space station .  the soyuz is expected to dock with the station on tuesda .
 noaa predicts 'near-normal ' atlantic hurricane season <sec> noaa predicts four to seven hurricanes , with one to three major storms .  predictions similar to last year 's forecast .  in 2008 , there were 16 named storms , eight hurricane .
 high court declines to block florida same-sex marriages <sec> supreme court declines to further delay judge 's ruling that state 's ban is unconstitutional .  `` this is a thrilling day for all florida families , '' aclu of florida attorney says .  ban to be lifted january 5 , but appeals court could rule later .  official expresses `` confusion '' over whether all counties will issue license .
 noel gallagher : 'if obama loses , i 'll run for president myself ' <sec> noel gallagher , 45 , is former musical force behind british band oasis .  his new album : `` noel gallagher 's high flying birds , '' topped the charts in the uk in october 2011 .  oasis ' second album ( what 's the story ) morning glory ? .  sold nearly four million copies in the united states .  first solo album tour includes 81 shows across europe , the pacific ( japan and australia ) and americ .
 china nixes u.s. meetings over taiwan arms deal <sec> china protesting u.s. deal to sell $ 6.4 billion in arms to taiwan .  deal comes when the u.s. needs china in negotiations over iran and n. korea .  chinese ambassador expected to protest sale to the state department .  u.s. defended deal , saying it does not violate international agreemen .
 luxy -- it 's the tinder app for snobs <sec> luxy is a dating app that targets rich people .  creators claim average man on site makes $ 200,000 a year .  company 's ceo wo n't identify himsel .
 major winners grouped together at pga championship <sec> charl schwartzel , rory mcilroy and darren clarke grouped for pga championship .  the andrew `` chubby '' chandler managed trio have won golf 's last three majors .  world number one luke donald to play alongside alvaro quiros and nick watney .  14-time major winner tiger woods to play with davis love iii and padraig harringto .
 marine corps 'motorcycle gangs ' in afghanistan <sec> the pentagon is developing a silent , rugged combat motorcycle .  u.s. marines used dirt bikes in afghan special ops , says author .  motorbikes offer tactical advantages to special force .
 tv stars , travel bloggers not immune to fear of flying <sec> kendra wilkinson travels by plane five times a month and hates to fly .  wilkinson tries to calm her fear with visualization , a glass of wine .  various therapies have helped others conquer the fea .
 killing cancer like the common cold <sec> nick wilkins was out of options for battling leukemia .  he is now cancer free after an experimental treatment .  doctors taught nick 's immune cells to become adept at killing cancer .  experts hope the treatment will quickly become more widely availabl .
 messi boosts barcelona as euro rival man city stumbles <sec> barcelona extends lead over real madrid in spanish league .  champions league opponent manchester city suffers shock defea .
 from bomb maker wannabe to e-bike revolutionary <sec> web counterculture of tinkerers `` hacks '' bikes into faster electric bikes .  engineer justin lemire-elmore predicts a `` bicycle revolution '' within 20 years .  in china , 22 million e-bikes sold this year ; 300,000 in the u.s . .  both sides acknowledge animosity between e-bikers and traditional bicyclist .
 deadly month for british troops in afghanistan <sec> 15 servicemen have died this month , compared with 19 in september 2006 .  most deaths attributed to operation panther 's claw in helmand province .  air chief marshall says numbers pale in comparison to 197 taliban deaths .  sudden spike triggers outcry in uk , criticism of vehicles used in operation .
 mistrust between u.s. , syrian rebels hinders military aid <sec> new : white house wo n't rule out more help for rebels , has n't verified latest claim on chem weapons .  chairman of the joint chiefs points to lack of trust as major issue in military involvement in syria .  syrian opposition groups do n't trust the obama administration , experts on the region say .  distrust stems from the u.s. debate over chemical weapons , likely to reignited after latest claim .
 florida georgia line 'cruise ' to stardom <sec> tyler hubbard and brian kelley are the rising country duo florida georgia line .  veteran country songwriter rodney clawson co-wrote many of their songs .  but the pair say they dream of collaborating with rappers lil wayne or wiz khalifa .  `` music evolves , and we like to be on the cutting edge , '' says hubbar .
 protesters across europe call for end to gaza conflict <sec> three arrested after london protest becomes unruly ; officer knocked out .  police say 20,000 gathered outside israeli embassy in london .  similar demonstrations take place in other european cities .  3,000 protest outside temporary residence of u.s. president-elect obam .
 messi trumps ronaldo with four-goal salvo as barca cruises <sec> leo messi scores four as barcelona crushes osasuna in la liga .  cristiano ronaldo hits a hat-trick for real in win over getafe .  napoli moves to within three points of leaders juventus in serie a .  bayern munich stretches its lead to 11 points at top of bundeslig .
 world cup : luis suarez issues 'bite ' apology ; promises never to do it again <sec> luis suarez apologizes to giorgio chiellini .  uruguayan says `` deeply regrets what occurred ' .  suarez vows `` there will never again be another incident '' .  fifa has banned liverpool and uruguay forward for four month .
 commuters give up the 'ball and chain ' <sec> new stats show rides on u.s. subways , light rail , commuter rail , trolleys increased 1.5 % .  americans took 154.3 more rides on public transit in 2012 compared to 2011 , study says .  big increases in ann arbor , michigan ; nashville ; los angeles , boston , new york .  cities with dropping subway ridership include atlanta and washingto .
 michigan man charged in probe of dead women tied to escort services <sec> james brown , 24 , is charged and held on $ 1 million bond in michigan , police say .  the counts are tied to an investigation into the deaths of four women .  they posted online ads for escort services before their deaths , police say .  their bodies were found in detroit ; the police chief says they likely died elsewher .
 protests of petraeus teaching gig will continue , professor says <sec> some at the city university of new york do n't want david petraeus as a visiting professor .  on monday , students , faculty , activists protested his arrival at macaulay honors college .  they reject his record , but dean says complex issues and points of view should be respected .  the retired four-star army general 's attorney had no comment thursda .
 clear airport security fast-lane program shuts down <sec> clear security system allowed passengers to use different security lines .  clear was operating in 18 airports and served 250,000 passengers .  air transport association said the program offered few benefits to travelers .  `` it 's going to cost me time , '' says one traveler who relied on the clear progra .
 'fast times at ridgemont high ' actor and comedian dies <sec> taylor negron has a long list of acting credits , although few in big roles .  he was also popular as a stand-up comi .
 this 23-year-old is saving mothers with an app <sec> gifted mom is a mobile health platform which uses low-cost technology to help mothers and pregnant women access medical advice .  it was started by the 23-year-old cameroonian entrepreneur alain nteff .  gifted mom sends pregnant women and mothers alert for vaccinations , checkups and answers their medical queries .  a woman is nearly 100 times more at risk of dying during childbirth or pregnancy in africa than in the developed worl .
 kenyan warplanes bomb islamist camp in somalia , military says <sec> kenyan warplanes attacked an al-shabaab training camp thursday , military says .  kenyan military : camp had 300 recruits , but death toll still unknown .  kenya 's military said : `` this military operation is not an isolated one .
