 u.s. vs. ghana preview : a world cup grudge match in 'group of death ' <sec> one of ghana 's top players , michael essien , to start match on bench .  ghana has knocked u.s. out of competition the last two times .  none of the u.s. players is hobbled by injury .  landon donovan was left out of the u.s. tea .
 britain honors fallen as afghan death toll rises to 201 <sec> queen elizabeth ii and royal family lay wreaths at the cenotaph , the war memorial near parliament in london .  britain honors its war dead each year on the sunday closest to november 11 , the day world war i ended in 1918 .  hours before the ceremony began , the 200th british soldier was been killed in hostile action in afghanistan .  that was followed by the news that a u.s. soldier and another british soldier died in separate incident .
 freddie gray death investigation : what 's next ? <sec> prosecutors get investigative report a day early , but do n't expect immediate word on charges .  attorney general : we 're continuing `` careful and deliberate examination of the facts '' .  gray family was told `` answers were not going to come quickly , '' and that 's fine , attorney say .
 aruban , peruvian authorities will 'help each other ' in murder probe <sec> investigators hope cooperation will shed light on 5-year-old case of missing american teen .  dutch citizen joran van der sloot is accused of killing 21-year-old stephany flores last month .  aruban authorities will travel to peru to interview van der sloo .
 'cordial ' shutdown talks under way in senate <sec> senate democrats hope mcconnell will `` cut through the clutter '' of gop positions .  no agreements , but senators of both parties offer positive words .  the president `` rejected '' house gop proposal , republican lawmaker says .  house republicans have been sideline .
 mental illness : time to break the taboo <sec> mental health continues to carry a stigma says sue baker .  discrimination can be worse than the illness itself , she says .  talking about mental health can make a big differenc .
 pennsylvania methodist minister defrocked for leading same-sex wedding <sec> rev . .  frank schaefer was defrocked by church officials on thursday .  schaefer was found guilty in november by jury of ordained clergy on two counts .  he was originally sentenced to a 30-day suspension .  church officials asked him not to officiate future gay weddings ; he refuse .
 u.s. embassy warns of imminent terror threat in kenya <sec> the embassy urges citizens to consider deferring travel .  kenya has sent troops across the border into somalia to pursue suspected islamic militants .  recent abductions of tourists and aid workers in kenya have heightened tension .
 dscc hammers cassidy on social security in new tv ad <sec> national democrats unveil new tv ad in louisiana on thursday . .  it hammers republican bill cassidy on raising the social security retirement age . .  the 30-second spot is part of a $ 2.5 million buy and is running statewide . .  a september cnn/orc survey shows landrieu leading cassidy by three points .
 man city toils but beats crystal palace to take premier league lead <sec> manchester city needs 66 minutes to open the scoring against crystal palace .  but city wins 1-0 to extend its home record in the premier league to 10-0-0 .  manchester united makes it six victories in a row by blanking norwich city 1-0 .  arsenal visits newcastle and chelsea hosts liverpool on sunda .
 isis apparent beheading video 'sign of desperation ' <sec> video in part aimed at local residents , analysts say .  video suggests isis is feeling the sting of u.s. and coalition airstrikes , analysts say .  release timed to counter coalition claims that isis fight is succeeding , retired general says .  unfortunately , even more barbaric videos are likely , they sa .
 10 hot south korean fashion brands and where to buy them <sec> from loud street style to runway chic , these brands are defining asia 's trendiest looks .  8seconds is samsung 's answer to uniqlo .  beyond closet and mvio create hyper-trendy menswear .  jain song is known for sharp , sophisticated look .
 quiet riot singer dies at 52 <sec> kevin dubrow died in las vegas home , according to tmz.com .  dubrow was lead singer of quiet riot .  band hit no . .  1 in 1983 with album `` metal health .
 israeli strike kills at least 1 aid worker , u.n. says <sec> u.n. secretary-general says israelis fired on u.n. aid convoy .  u.n. suspends some aid work , citing death of at least one worker .  four rockets fired from southern lebanon landed in northern israel on thursday .  u.n. security council approves resolution calling for cease-fir .
 can roger federer find his old form in 2014 ? <sec> roger federer hopes to win `` about five '' tournaments in 2014 and play in `` great '' finals .  the swiss ends 2013 at no . .  6 , his lowest year-end ranking since 2002 .  serena williams is one major short of tying martina navratilova and chris evert .  andy murray returns to the pro circuit in 2014 after undergoing back surgery in septembe .
 va claims processing sees strides , setbacks , report says <sec> va 's handling of disability claims has seen improvements , setbacks , review finds .  government accountability office presents findings at senate panel hearing .  number of pending claims at year 's end has grown , gao report says .  report : larger staff has led to increase in number of decisions va issues annuall .
 f1 champ alonso 's $ 13 million thumbs <sec> spanish f1 star fernando alonso has his thumbs insured for $ 13.3 million .  the deal is part of an advertisement campaign by a spanish-based bank .  alonso is hoping to set up his title bid with ferrari at next weekend 's spanish g .
 john lennon 's killer seeks freedom again <sec> mark david chapman was to be interviewed by parole board members .  in 2010 hearing , he was denied parole .  yoko ono , lennon 's widow , has previously requested parole be denied .  chapman 's attorney could not be immediately reached for commen .
 and credit for the nuclear option goes to ... - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the progressive blogosphere had a major role in invoking the nuclear option .  a coalition of labor and advocacy groups persuaded 2 million members to contact their senators .  momentum built when senate majority harry reid became warm to the ide .
 2013 emmys : will facebook chatter predict winners ? <sec> `` breaking bad '' entering final episodes ; amc show will air sunday alongside emmys .  if facebook activity alone determined drama winner , `` breaking bad '' would win .  charts of demographic data show sharp differences by gender , age .  what will happen at the emmys ? .  read cnn 's picks , share your thought .
 kurdish forces repel isis offensive in iraq <sec> kurdish commanders say about 40 isis fighters were killed .  fighting raged for hours between isis and kurdish fighters near irbil , ira .
 ebola outbreak : health care workers become patients <sec> gupta : it 's a `` startling statistic '' that 76 % of nurses surveyed do n't know ebola policies .  nurse 's union leader : `` it 's really a disaster waiting to happen '' .  the cdc says it will increase training and make hospitals `` think ebola '' .  husband of spanish patient says she received little training on protective gea .
 icky , windy weather could crimp thanksgiving travel plans <sec> new : website : 158 u.s. flights are canceled tuesday , 84 so far wednesday .  the storm system is bringing heavy rains , strong winds to east coast .  10 people die in wrecks as the same storm system pushed east .  snow will fall in some places , though rain and wind are more likel .
 ferry disaster 's toll on south korea 's national psyche <sec> thousands pay their respects at a memorial in ansan .  even those without a connection to the disaster are heartbroken .  yellow ribbons have become a symbol of mournin .
 airport security officer granted bail in thefts <sec> tsa official granted bail during court hearing .  complaint : michael arato is seen stealing from passengers on surveillance video .  he allegedly targeted non-english-speaking wome .
 5 presidents on hand for bush center dedication <sec> new : former presidents carter and clinton praise bush for his initiatives in africa .  new : bush says the country 's greatest days lie ahead .  new : the george w. bush presidential center is dedicated .  bush tells cnn he is aware it will rekindle debates about his legac .
 pawnshop oddities reflect gulf struggles <sec> gulf pawnshop reports more middle-class clients in wake of oil spill .  shop 's unique items include toilet-seat guitar , `` dukes of hazzard '' script , `` sopranos '' shirt .  `` we 're seeing a lot more high-end jewelry , '' says owner .  recession is changing stereotypes often linked to pawnshops , he say .
 reddit to the rescue : strangers find missing dog <sec> piper below lost her dog during a morning walk .  strangers on internet forum reddit helped her find the pup .  below said the support from reddit stunned and amazed he .
 un project launches campaign focusing on women <sec> unaids launched a five-year program to battle the high rate of hiv infection among women .  initiatives include increasing available preventative care and treatment .  singer annie lennox is supporting the new women-focused campaig .
 war on drugs a trillion-dollar failure <sec> richard branson : prohibition caused damage in the same way the war on drugs has done .  branson says if one of his companies is failing , he does n't continue with failed strategies .  u.s. has the most prisoners in the world , he says , 500,000 of them for drug violations .  branson : we need alternatives to jail that focus on education , health , taxation , regulatio .
 nobel winner harold pinter dies at 78 <sec> harold pinter died on christmas eve , his wife tells british media .  pinter , 78 , had been suffering from cancer .  he won the nobel prize for literature in 200 .
 opinion : can zimmerman win over the jurors ? <sec> eugene o'donnell : in george zimmerman 's trial , his attorney began with a bad joke .  o'donnell : resorting to humor in a trial is fraught with risk of appearing too casual .  he says the defense must counter the appearance of callous indifference .  o'donnell : the more self-serving zimmerman sounds , the less trustworthy he appear .
 marvel comics go back to 'secret wars ' <sec> this summer , the popular 1980s `` secret war '' comic book storyline will return .  story will affect every marvel comic , ending 33 titles .  2000s `` civil war '' story will also be revisiting , pitting characters against each othe .
 rick perry is absurd , isis not on the border ( opinion ) <sec> texas gov . .  rick perry said isis terrorists may come into u.s. through border with mexico .  ruben navarrette : pentagon rep said there is no evidence that isis is trying to cross border .  navarrette : perry seems to be mounting a bid for president on anti-mexico fear-mongering .  navarrette : perry 's remarks absurd and put u.s.-mexico ties in danger just to promote himsel .
 most people go online 'for no particular reason , ' survey finds <sec> survey : 53 % of young adults go online for no particular reason .  growth coincides with rise of social networking and online video .  the trend suggests that the web is becoming a competitor to other leisure activitie .
 publisher draws fire for hiring anti-gay writer on new 'superman ' series <sec> writer orson scott card will pen a new `` adventures of superman '' digital comics series .  card also has written outspoken criticism of homosexuality and same-sex marriage .  a marriage-equality group launches a petition aimed at the `` superman '' publisher .  `` you are giving him a new platform and supporting his hate , '' says the petitio .
 gopro , whiskey bottle make for wedding to remember <sec> gopro camera taped to a bottle of fireball captures wedding guests swigging .  comments on youtube focused on whether guests were exchanging germ .
 bomb kills a leader of group opposing al qaeda <sec> bomb attached to vehicle kills a leader of sons of iraq .  coffee shop frequented by al qaeda in iraq foes also bombed ; 19 wounded .  roadside bomb aimed at iraqi army patrol wounds at least seven .  kirkuk suicide bomber kills police officer , wounds nine peopl .
 turkish forces clear istanbul park <sec> a massive cleanup is underway , cnn 's arwa damon says .  police are using tear gas and water cannons to disperse demonstrators .  istanbul 's governor says 29 people have been injured .  `` can you shake hands with those who reach out with a fist ? '' .  erdogan ask .
 paul walker crash : why porsche carrera gt is not a car to mess with <sec> paul walker 's death probe is focusing on speed of the porsche carrera gt .  carrera gt 's power makes it a powerful road car , writes mike duff .  some media portray carrera gt as inherently dangerous , it 's not , he says .  he writes : any car with this level of performance must be treated with respec .
 press group slams chinese censorship <sec> press group notes more than 60 government restrictions on media in 2009 .  report : press was told not to organize questions for public to ask obama during visit .  chinese media barred from reporting on elections for chief executive in macau , report says .  cnn 's calls to chinese foreign ministry , embassy in washington not returne .
 campaign analysis : gop outside groups try to anchor obama in d.c. 'swamp ' <sec> republican outside groups have spent $ 9.4 million on ads critical of president barack obama .  ads accuse obama of being part of `` typical washington '' and engaged in `` politics as usual '' .  strategy attempts to erode public 's belief that obama is honest and ethical .  democrats : gop groups can throw millions at obama without making a den .
 state department : u.s. working to prevent child trafficking in haiti <sec> u.s. , working with aid groups , haiti to protect orphans , those separated from families .  state department : `` we have concerns about traffickers , '' `` pedophiles '' .  spokesman said he was n't aware if children had been brought illegally to u.s . .  haitian prime minister : in aftermath of quake , trafficking is `` one of biggest problems .
 charlie daniels band keyboardist dies in crash <sec> digregorio is an original member of the band .  he co-wrote `` the devil went down to georgia .
 washington monitoring canada shootings <sec> one confirmed gunman has been shot and killed after they fired shots in canada 's parliament building and surrounding areas .  one canadian armed forces soldier has died from his gunshot wounds .  president obama and secretary kerry have been briefed on the shooting .
 blog 'miracle ' saves christmas for hard-luck family <sec> the kindness of strangers and power of the internet saves one family 's christmas .  the sampsons faced foreclosure until a friend blogged about their plight .  within days , strangers from around the country donated more than $ 11,000 .  ebony sampson : `` it makes you understand what the season is all about .
 serial killer joseph franklin executed after hours of delay <sec> joseph paul franklin is executed after the supreme court declines to step in .  two judges granted stays tuesday .  he shot hustler magazine publisher larry flynt .  he was executed for a 1977 killing outside a st. louis synagogu .
 passenger recalls escaping plane when it ditched in hudson <sec> capt . .  chesley `` sully '' sullenberger was forced to land a plane in the hudson river .  canada geese got sucked into the two engines of the airbus a320 , disabling both .  all 155 people aboard were safely evacuated .  water landings should be mandatory for all pilots , sullenberger say .
 are we being fair to rush limbaugh ? <sec> david frum : limbaugh 's backers assert liberal talkers also guilty of outrageous statements .  he says the hunt for equally offensive comments is a waste of time .  frum : no one on the left holds the power broker position rush limbaugh has on the right .  even by the standards of radio talk , limbaugh 's tirade was a new low , frum say .
 ramadan sales show indonesia 's growing economic feast <sec> despite the slowdown in china and europe , indonesia 's economy beat expectations .  multinational companies like air asia and nissan are expanding in the southeast asian nation .  global insight predicts the indonesian economy will grow five-fold by 2030 .  inflation and problems with the nation 's infrastructure remain a challeng .
 'house of horror ' children never saw daylight <sec> father says he held daughter prisoner for nearly 24 years , fathered 7 children new : police say josef fritzl forced her to write letter saying she had run away .  the daughter , now 42 , has been missing since 1984 , when she was 18 three children fathered by fritzl imprisoned with daughter had never seen dayligh .
 obama administration overreached on leak probes <sec> ex-cia director hayden says the ap , fox leaks were serious , and related to sources of intelligence .  he says even though leaks were damaging , obama administration went too far in its probes .  he says there 's a need to balance protecting secrets against freedom of the pres .
 records all the way as martin kaymer takes charge of tpc at sawgrass <sec> martin kaymer leads tpc at sawgrass .  shoots record tying 63 in first round .  russell henley in second place two shots back .  jordan spieth in big group in tie for fourt .
 martin luther king 's easter message <sec> the anniversary of martin luther king jr. 's death coincides this year with easter .  eddie glaude says the martyred preacher spoke about the message of easter .  king said easter shows that death does not have the last word , according to glaude .  king challenged people to fight for social justice , and said love is the `` most durable power in the world .
 five dead in georgia flooding ; governor declares emergency <sec> georgia 's governor declares emergency in 17 counties .  girl who was swept from father 's arms is among five killed in georgia .  person in tennessee swept into rushing water , presumed drowned , official says .  hundreds of roads closed , official says ; more rain expected before finally endin .
 multiple car bombs kill 16 in iraq <sec> the car bombs struck four shiite neighborhoods .  several dozen people were injured in the attacks .  on saturday , shiites commemorate the death of imam al .
 protest turnout small after israelis pull staffers from jordan embassy <sec> new : turnout at the protest is small .  the protest group 's motto is `` no zionist embassy on jordanian land '' .  the move comes a day early in anticipation of an anti-israeli protest .  all but a skeleton staff has been sent home from the embass .
 android chief : we 're still open <sec> google has championed its platform as the open alternative to apple 's closed ios system .  honeycomb is android 's first tablet-optimized software release .  rubin emphatically denied other rumors of arm-chipset standardization in the platfor .
 autopsy : seaworld trainer died from drowning , traumatic injuries <sec> new : whale 's aggressive nature prevented rescuers from immediately reaching trainer .  autopsy : dawn brancheau suffered fractures to jawbone , ribs and a cervical vertebra .  brancheau was working with a whale at seaworld when whale pulled her underwater .  whale had been linked to two other deaths since 199 .
 afghanistan 's future : 5 burning questions <sec> president obama has revealed new details about the troop withdrawal in afghanistan .  but there are several key issues that still must be resolved in the coming months .  the afghan military has its critics , but the u.s. has praised its progress .  there are fears that afghanistan 's advancements might be at risk after 201 .
 ten creative ways to earn extra money <sec> there are creative ways to earn extra money .  sell your photographs to stock photo agencies ; sell your used books .  join a direct selling company like avon cosmetics .  get paid for opinion surveys , enter local or online sweepstake .
 north dakota freshman makes apology , shoots self in front of class <sec> new : boy was transferred to fargo for further treatment , mayor says .  new : `` as far as i know , he 's a well-behaved , good kid , '' mayor says .  new : town is trying `` to figure out what could have possibly happened , '' mayor adds .  boy was coherent after he shot himself with a small handgun , principal say .
 obama 's ahead , polls say , but will the lead last ? <sec> obama leads by 8 points in most recent cnn national poll of polls .  polls tend to tighten up as election day nears when a non-incumbent leads .  election tracker : see the latest state and national poll .
 wall street ceos should take drug test ( opinion ) <sec> new laws are being proposed that require recipients of welfare to pass a drug test .  he says such programs , supported mostly by gop , are shameful forms of paternalism .  liu : let 's ask wall street ceos to take drug test since they received taxpayer bailout money .  liu : it 's outrageous that politicians use selective morality to pick on poor peopl .
