 how easy is it to confuse a gun for a taser ? <sec> attorney : robert bates assumed the gun was a taser because he saw a laser sight on it .  harris family lawyers say there are stark differences between the gun and taser used .  in 2009 , an officer in california also said he mistakenly used his gun instead of a tase .
 priest tried to warn of cambodia 's insanity <sec> francois ponchaud was sent to do missionary work in cambodia in 1965 .  a priest , he became a crusader against the worst genocide since the holocaust .  ponchaud kept a dossier of refugee accounts and radio transmissions .  his articles and book helped expose the khmer rouge 's brutal totalitarian regim .
 u.s. ex-soldier charged with using rpg for al qaeda group <sec> army veteran eric harroun fought syria 's government , affidavit says .  group he allegedly fought for is part of terror group , justice department says .  fbi arrests harroun at hotel near washingto .
 post-soviet nations to form military force <sec> seven nations agree to form rapid-reaction force .  russian media say force will fight terrorism , respond to disasters .  it will be based in russia under a single command .  report comes after kyrgyzstan says it will close u.s. bas .
 court hearing delayed for spain 's princess cristina <sec> princess cristina had been subpoenaed to appear in court april 27 .  a prosecutor filed an appeal , saying there is insufficient evidence to cite her .  princess cristina is king juan carlos ' youngest daughter .  the fraud case centers on her husband , inaki urdangari .
 arnold schwarzenegger acknowledges having child with staffer <sec> new : maria shriver 's `` circling the wagons , '' a source says .  new : arnold schwarzenegger 's children use twitter to express their pain .  it 's `` a painful and heartbreaking time , '' shriver says .  schwarzenegger acknowledges having a child out of wedlock , cnn confirm .
 da to appeal reversal of conviction of catholic priest <sec> court overturns monsignor william lynn 's child endangerment conviction .  da says judges showed disregard for child victims of pedophile priests .  lynn 's bail has been poste .
 tributes paid to anti-apartheid crusader helen suzman <sec> apartheid foe helen suzman campaigned for release of nelson mandela .  constant opponent of south african apartheid regime protested against pass laws .  for more than a decade she was the only opposition member of parliament .  suzman 's family says that there will be a memorial service in februar .
 aguero stunner saves manchester city <sec> roberto mancini says english title race is not over despite manchester city 's draw .  premier league champions need equalizer from sergio aguero at home to liverpool .  the 2-2 result leaves city nine points behind manchester united with 13 games to play .  gareth bale puts tottenham closer to third place with winner against 10-man west bro .
 police : 4 teens missing from ranch in new mexico return <sec> new : four teenagers are now in their parents ' custody .  but an amber alert continues for other teenagers .  police ask the ranch director and parents of other missing boys to contact them .  the ranch says it works to help at-risk yout .
 3 sex abuse lawsuits against elmo actor dismissed <sec> an appellate court rules statute of limitations had expired .  the ruling agrees with a lower court 's 2013 decision .  accusers alleged former elmo puppeteer kevin clash seduced them as underage teen .
 dubai world cup : racing 's new world order <sec> dubai world cup , world 's richest race , kicks off this weekend .  more than $ 27m on offer over 11-day carnival , financed by sheik mohammed bin rashid al maktoum .  can futuristic race course compete with prestige of historic derbys ? .  part of gulf campaign to raise international sporting statu .
 man gets life in nyc subway plot <sec> adis medunjanin , 28 , was charged with conspiring to use weapons of mass destruction .  during the trial , prosecutors said medunjanin traveled to pakistan 's tribal region with two friends .  his friends pleaded guilty to planning attack with medunjanin ; testified against hi .
 saudi foodies ditch fast food for fine dining <sec> too many restaurants in saudi arabia are fast food chains , say chefs there .  saudi arabian chefs association was founded three years ago and has 270 members .  chefs yasser jad and emanuele esposito are both aiming to open fine dining cookery school .
 rosberg grabs vital pole <sec> nico rosberg clinches crucial pole in abu dhabi . .  teammate and title rival hamilton in second . .  both could win the championship on the final race . .  hamilton leads but controversial points rule could tip balance .
 u.s. nuclear power 's future dims after fukushima , fracking boom <sec> cheap natural gas , fukushima and no carbon limits hurt promised `` nuclear renaissance '' .  five u.s. reactors are being built , but others are shutting down or being canceled .  the nuclear industry `` got hit between the eyes , '' former nrc commissioner say .
 amber rose tweets wiz khalifa cheats , but not her <sec> new : amber rose : `` i would never ever ever cheat on my husband in a million years '' .  the couple separated last monday , and she filed her divorce petition tuesday .  amber rose seeks full custody of the young son she has with wiz khalif .
 a bonus jonas : kevin jonas 'excited , nervous ' to be a dad <sec> kevin and danielle jonas say they are expecting a baby .  the two have been married since 2009 .  it will be the first child for bot .
 opinion : nigerians still waiting for their 'african spring ' <sec> in january 2012 , nigerians protested the removal of fuel subsidies .  protests united nigerians , often divided along ethnic and religious lines , says omoyele sowore .  but `` occupy nigeria '' failed to become a genuine , sustained mass movement , he argues .  sowore says nigerians still hanker for their `` african spring .
 online churches draw believers , critics <sec> a growing number of christians worldwide are migrating from the chapel to the computer .  online religious services offer convenience to those who ca n't attend a real-world church .  critics believe virtual worship lacks spiritual essentials , such as community .  critics also are upset by the online offering of sacraments such as communio .
 lagarde warns against 'complacent ' europe <sec> imf chief christine lagarde says europe must reform `` so their economies can unleash growth and create jobs . '' .  lagarde 's comments come after the eurozone economy grew 0.3 % in the second period of this year . .  youth unemployment in spain and greece is above 50 % ; while rates in portugal , italy and ireland are all above 30 .
 man in critical condition after jumping into bronx zoo 's tiger pit <sec> a man jumped from a monorail car into the tiger mountain exhibit , the zoo 's director says .  zoo staff used a fire extinguisher to move a tiger away from the man , he adds .  he is in critical condition at a bronx hospital , a fire spokesman say .
 michael jackson broke down racial barriers <sec> jackson 5 went mainstream and maintained black identity , professor says .  mtv did n't play videos of black artists before jackson .  expert : despite his changing appearance , he was always in touch with black cultur .
 new colorado shooting documents : threat made at university <sec> james holmes is accused killing 12 people in a colorado movie theater on july 20 .  documents say shooter threatened someone at university of colorado campus .  witness also said to have texted with suspect , but content of texts not reveale .
 arsenal striker vela signs new contract <sec> mexican striker carlos vela has signed a new long-term contract with arsenal .  the 20-year-old made his arsenal debut last season , bursting onto the scene with a carling cup hat-trick .  he is the 11th first-team player to commit his long-term future to arsenal since the end of last season .
 the `` inside politics '' forecast : michelle obama 's push to fire up the base <sec> michelle obama 's busy fall travel schedule . .  speaker boehner is taking a more aggressive role on the trail and in washington . .  how the issue of terrorism is changing several key senate races .
 player convictions not the end of the corruption story <sec> the convictions of three pakistani cricketers is not the end of the story .  other players names were mentioned in the trial and they will also be investigated .  the pakistan cricket board should accept full responsibility for what has happene .
 answers sought over tsarnaev questioning , court appearance <sec> bombing suspect dzohkhar tsarnaev questioned before court appearance .  republican lawmaker concerned that questioning may have been cut off too early .  source : miranda warning given to tsarnaev at hospital bedside .  law allows for limited questioning if there is imminent danger of attac .
 french ex-first lady valerie trierweiler en route to india after split <sec> valerie trierweiler leaves paris for india in honor of an anti-hunger charity .  hollande declared relationship over on saturday .  trierweiler sent farewell message to elysee staff .  allegations about hollande 's personal life fueled a media frenz .
 family , volunteers , police search for missing florida student <sec> new : a `` person of interest '' has been charged with depriving a victim of medical care .  search dogs help police , family members look for missing student .  christian aguilar disappeared thursday after a fight with another man , police sa .
 chris brown says he 's sorry 'for what transpired ' <sec> `` words can not begin to express how sorry ... .  i am , '' singer chris brown says .  police : brown surrendered february 8 after woman accused him of attacking her .  police have n't named woman ; sources say it was girlfriend rihanna .  district attorney 's office : decision on whether to file charges not yet mad .
 what 's behind collapse of veteran record store hmv ? <sec> hmv to go into administration after more than 90 years in business .  music retail chain has more than 200 stores and 4,000 staff in britain .  analysts say hmv failed to keep up with digital revolution , as in-store sales fall .  critics say foreign-based companies are able to avoid uk ta .
 faroe islands : bleak , beautiful land of grass roofs <sec> faroe islands have up to 300 rainy days a year , but the landscape gives them special appeal .  grass roofs in the faroe islands are the most conspicuous element of the local architecture .  many young faroese leave to study abroad to escape the remoteness of home , but often retur .
 day one for ebola czar <sec> ron klain , obama 's ebola czar , started his new job wednesday .  he 'll attend an oval office meeting in the afternoon .  the pick was criticized since klain has no medical experienc .
 investigators : wv mine filled suddenly with methane <sec> new : the explosion was the mining industry 's worst disaster in 40 years .  the west virginia mine that exploded in april had a sudden influx of methane .  it 's too soon to say whether the gas caused the explosion , investigators say .  the release of methane was almost three times greater than norma .
 state : no charges in connecticut chimpanzee attack <sec> chimpanzee mauled and blinded a connecticut woman earlier this year .  owner was not aware of the risk the chimpanzee posed , state 's attorney says .  criminal prosecution would have had to determine that owner acted recklessly .  in march , charla nash filed a lawsuit seeking $ 50 million in damages from the owne .
 for south koreans , a familiar tone from pyongyang <sec> south korean citizens are accustomed to north 's threatening statements .  threats to south korea have become the norm , for many it 's not a source of concern .  survey shows rocket launches and nuclear testing did not sway south korean opinio .
 4 comic book legends who affected real world <sec> several comic book heroes have affected people in real life .  superman battled the kkk in radio series `` clan of the fiery cross '' .  something created in spider-man comic inspires device that keeps people out of jail .  and donald duck blocked a scientist from getting a paten .
 western-style stores growing in iran <sec> thomas cristofoletti traveled to iran earlier this year and stayed for a month .  he thought daily life in iran contradicted the way the country is normally portrayed .  `` i was really surprised to see these kind of modern stores and malls , '' he sai .
 asiana airlines plane skids off hiroshima runway <sec> the plane might have hit an object on the runway , the japanese transportation ministry says .  23 people have minor injuries , officials say .  the airbus a320 overshot the hiroshima airport runway at 8:05 p.m. tuesday , officials sa .
 feds open probe into how cargo jet landed on wrong airport <sec> the national transportation safety board is opening its own investigation .  the plane landed safely at mcconell air force base .  jabara airport has no control tower and a much shorter runwa .
 shirley hughes : following in the footsteps of a famous parent <sec> children 's author shirley hughes has written more than 70 books and sold more than 11.5 million copies .  her daughter clara vulliamy followed in her footsteps as a writer and illustrator and has written 25 books .  their first collaboration dixie o'day is published in september , written by hughes and illustrated by vulliam .
 oldest human skeleton offers new clues to evolution <sec> researchers have unveiled a 4.4 million-year-old skeleton of a hominid female .  the fossil , nicknamed ardi , may be the oldest hominid skeleton ever found .  it replaces lucy , a much-publicized skeleton that dates back about 3 million years .  scientists : ardi suggests humans and chimps evolved from a common ancesto .
 blackwater founder erik prince enters video game business <sec> gamers can aim , crouch and interact with the on-screen action using only body gestures .  critics have complained because blackwater employees take on missions for money .  `` 'blackwater ' on the kinect system gets you up and moving , '' erik prince say .
 man utd net reported $ 131m sponsorship <sec> manchester united sign sponsorship deal with american insurance giants aon .  reports say it will earn premier league champions $ 131million over four years .  that would send united to the top of football 's sponsorship income leagu .
 review : it 's all about the tease in 'magic mike ' <sec> channing tatum plays a stripper and matthew mcconaughey a club owner in `` magic mike '' .  director steven soderbergh 's last movie was the female action film `` haywire '' .  the movie is inspired by tatum 's experiences as a tampa stripper in the 1990 .
 disgraced san diego mayor bob filner stepping aside today <sec> bob filner 's resignation becomes effective at 5 p.m. ( 8 p.m . .  et ) .  in all , 19 women have accused filner of impropriety .  filner apologized but said he `` never sexually harassed anyone .
 china revises death toll in xinjiang violence <sec> chinese authorities dramatically revise death toll in xinjiang violence .  state media said 50 people were killed , up from two previously . .  police said there was a string of terrorist bombings that led to some deaths .  the region has seen several attacks due to ethnic strif .
 sharing the burden of als <sec> mcintosh high school girls lacrosse team rallies around their coach with als .  amyotrophic lateral sclerosis is a neurodegenerative disease also known as lou gehrig 's disease .  als gradually weakens the nerves and muscles , eventually leading to death . .  there is no cure .  lacrosse team also raises money for the als associatio .
 anger after indonesian spy cleared of murder <sec> protests greet acquittal of a former indonesian intelligence official .  muchdi purwopranojo was charged with murder of munir said thalib .  thalib , a human rights lawyer , died after being poisoned on a fligh .
 jury hears closing arguments at sulaiman abu ghaith trial <sec> prosecution and defense appeal to jury in trial of osama bin laden 's son-in-law .  sulaiman abu ghaith aided al qaeda as its main spokesman , prosecutor says .  nothing ties abu ghaith to terrorism , his defense attorney counters .  jury is expected to begin deliberating tuesda .
 congo vote count begins after tense election <sec> in the capital of kinshasa , voters wade through muddy roads to cast their votes .  logistical problems include tardy election workers and blackouts at polling stations .  clashes have erupted in days leading up to the vote .  results are scheduled to be announced on december .
 opinion : 'please do n't eat my pangolin friend ' <sec> max demers writes a song about the pangolin in response to cnn article .  song is a love letter to these scale-covered animals .  pangolin is thought to be the most trafficked mammal in the world .  it 's traded illegally for its scales , which are used in medicine ; and for mea .
 bbc director-general receives death threats , police say <sec> metropolitan police say they 're investigating `` an allegation of threats to kill '' .  alleged threats received after dismissal of popular `` top gear '' host jeremy clarkso .
 catalyst : number of women on boards , as executives do n't increase <sec> eighth consecutive year of no growth in female corporate board seats , new report says .  no change in number of women executive officers , nonprofit catalyst report finds .  one ceo says companies should focus on finding the best talent , including women .  harvard survey : some male board directors think there are n't enough female candidate .
 oakland out ; giants advance ; nats , orioles force game 5 <sec> new : tigers shut out a 's to advance to american league championship series .  new : baltimore edges new york in 13 innings to force deciding game on monday .  jayson werth 's homer propels nationals to win over cardinals and into game 5 .  giants become first nl team to rally from a two-game deficit in a division serie .
 mine blast kills 7 children in afghanistan <sec> children were playing near a road when they triggered a mine , spokesman says .  u.n. report : 231 children killed in afghanistan in first six months of 2013 .  leading cause was bombs and mines , report sai .
 wikileaks release could damage diplomatic relations , former envoy says <sec> new : british government warns media against endangering national security .  former ambassador says leaks likely to damage efforts to build trust .  leaks expected to include `` cables '' used by state department .  wikileaks is threatening to publish thousands of classified document .
 over 500 pakistani parents arrested over polio vaccine <sec> official : parents who sign affidavit vowing to vaccinate their children will be released .  pakistan has more new polio cases than any other country .  militants have targeted health workers administering vaccines for year .
 more rockets from gaza irk israel <sec> new : al-qaeda linked group claims responsibility for some rocket launches .  israel will not tolerate rockets from gaza , defense minister says .  two explosions outside an israeli city sent police looking for rockets .  israel blames an incident in the golan heights on the syrian governmen .
 drone carrying drugs crashes south of u.s. border <sec> u.s. remains `` vigilant against emerging trends and ever-changing tactics '' by smugglers .  a drone is overloaded with six pounds of synthetic crystal meth worth $ 48,000 .  it crashes in a tijuana supermarket parking lot before it can reach u.s .
 inside cambodia 's stunning new temple discoveries <sec> a helicopter camera has changed the way travelers will experience angkor wat and other khmer temple-cities .  consortium of archaeologists brought together to fill in the blank spaces on map of angkor .  locals hope discovery will inspire travelers to explore siem reap 's lesser known khmer ruin .
 perez art museum miami : jorge perez on art , miami and giving back <sec> the new pérez art museum miami was named after billionaire donor jorge pérez .  it 's part of a bigger revitalization of downtown miami .  pérez : museum is `` a leading example '' of cultural institutions helping revitalize miami .  the $ 220m art museum is part of downtown miami 's goal to become an international art hu .
 boston bombing suspect 's friends charged with obstruction <sec> indictment says roommates , both 19 , went to dzhokhar tsarnaev 's dorm , removed items .  among the items : a laptop , `` manipulated '' fireworks , vaseline , school assignment sheet .  tsarnaev allegedly sent texts to teens saying they could go to his room , `` take what 's there .
