 nigeria vote postponed in wake of boko haram attacks <sec> nigeria elections delayed six weeks because of violence in northeastern part of country .  opposition party calls for calm , says change can not be prevented .  president goodluck jonathan is running for re-electio .
 veterans waiting longer for cancer care <sec> research finds cancer wait times at va centers are longer than at community hospitals .  for liver and colon cancer , va surgery wait times were more than twice as long .  va : `` we must work together to fix the unacceptable , systemic problems .
 what 's the right way to face racism ? <sec> david boren , president of the university of oklahoma , responded to offensive video .  eric liu : boren did something rare in public life today -- he acted with moral clarit .
 iran plane crash bodies returned to families <sec> bodies of 152 people killed in plane crash in iran returned to their families .  russian team arrives in iran to help study crash of russian-made plane .  iran 's press tv says flight data recorders of crashed plane damaged .  all 168 aboard killed when tupolev tu-154m went down near qazvi .
 steven spielberg defends worst scene in 'indiana jones 4 ' <sec> `` crystal skull '' was directed by spielberg , who has earned the right to strike out every now and then .  spielberg has been producing great , complex , entertaining hollywood fare for 40 years now .  in a new interview with empire , spielberg sounds pretty serene about the `` indiana jones '' fourque .
 academy sues firm selling $ 175,000 oscar package <sec> academy sues arizona-based company over sales of oscar packages .  tickets to lavish movie awards show can not be transferred or sold , academy says .  package includes four tickets to 81st annual academy awards , l.a. hotel stay .  selling tickets could become a security issue , according to lawsui .
 wi-fi hotspots to revive nyc payphones <sec> ten new york city payphone kiosks have been turned into wi-fi hotspots .  more locations are expected to be added in coming months .  the city and at & t are working to put free wi-fi in 20 parks throughout ny .
 on prop 8 , it 's the evidence , stupid <sec> lisa bloom says political arguments do n't necessarily hold up in court .  opponents of same-sex marriage won the political battle on prop 8 , she notes .  but when they had to defend the law in court , they could n't come up with evidence , she says .  based on opponents ' lack of a case , the verdict will be upheld , she say .
 reports : islamists spark deadly fighting in central somalia town <sec> al-shabaab rebels ' attack sparked an intense firefight saturday .  islamist rebel group reportedly fought members of ahlu sunna waljama'a .  ahlu sunna waljama'a is a moderate muslim group .  witnesses told a journalist about 30 people died in the fighting .
 gulf coast beaches update <sec> all of florida 's beaches are open , including tourist hot spots panama city and pensacola .  county rescinds a health advisory for beaches near florida-alabama border .  health officials have issued advisory against swimming in alabama gulf water .
 citing 'progress , ' judge extends treatment for arizona shooting suspect <sec> a judge rules jared loughner can continue his medical treatment until june .  the judge says a psychologist found `` measurable progress '' in loughner 's mental state .  he is accused of killing 6 people and wounding 13 others , including gabrielle giffords .  the medical treatment is aimed at getting loughner competent to stand tria .
 immigrants more inclined to use tablet computers , study shows <sec> rebtel surveyed 1,340 immigrants residing in the u.s. about their technology habits .  more than twice as many immigrants own tablet devices as u.s. adult population at large .  immigrants from ghana ( 62 % ) and india ( 58 % ) were most likely to buy a table .
 palin 's reckless views on obesity <sec> roland martin says sarah palin slammed michelle obama 's `` let 's move '' anti-obesity campaign .  he says obama 's site says obesity tripled in 30 years , diabetes in kids is up .  he says a group of generals told congress increasingly people are too overweight to serve .  martin : palin 's comments show she is reckless about the nation 's healt .
 donations pour in for gay waitress refused tip <sec> instead of a tip , customers left dayna morales a note criticizing her for being gay .  `` i feel bad for their children because that 's how they are going to be raised , '' she says .  online tips totaling more than $ 2,000 have poured in from around the world .  morales says she is donating the money to the wounded warrior projec .
 joni ernst on harkin taylor swift remark : shake it off - cnnpolitics.com <sec> democratic sen. tom harkin attacked gop hopeful joni ernst last week .  ernst called his comments offensive in an interview with fox news on monday .  ernst is locked in one of the most competitive senate races this year in iowa .  a poll released monday showed ernst and democratic challenger bruce braley tie .
 woods plays through the pain at u.s. open <sec> tiger woods said he injured his arm at the players championship .  woods and rory mcilroy are at three-over-par through two rounds at u.s. open .  masters winner adam scott struggled friday at merion , shooting a 7 .
 no survivors from pakistan plane crash , official says <sec> airliner was originally sold in 1985 , a boeing spokeswoman says .  number of people on flight raised to 127 , officials said .  the flight data recorder is recovered at the crash site in islamabad .  crisis operation rooms have been set up at airports in islamabad and karach .
 embattled scottish cardinal o'brien apologizes for 'my sexual conduct ' <sec> cardinal keith o'brien apologizes and asks forgiveness from those he `` offended '' .  he had previously contested the claims .  o'brien has not acknowledged any specific incidents .  the observer reported on accusations from priests dating back 30 year .
 source : terror suspect 's father tried to warn authorities <sec> father of suspect in foiled attack had relayed concerns to u.s. embassy , source says .  father feared son went to yemen to be part of `` some kind of jihad , '' source tells cnn .  nigerian , 23 , charged with trying to destroy northwest flight on approach to detroit .  u.s. embassy in london granted him a multi-year visa in june 2008 , source say .
 is there a bias against creativity ? <sec> people routinely reject and show bias against creative ideas , amanda enayati says .  poll of ceos : creativity is the single most important leadership trait for success .  people reject creativity because of uncertainly -- but it 's needed to help us through uncertainty .  innovator : build confidence by treating fear of creativity like a phobia of heights or snake .
 iranian human rights activist : 'free forever ' <sec> u.s. calls on rouhani to free all political prisoners .  nasrin sotoudeh had been jailed since 2010 .  she represented a man iran executed .  sotoudeh had been a prominent activis .
 study touts treating heroin addicts with heroin <sec> british program gives daily injections to addicts as part of a comprehensive program .  injections are paired that with intensive counseling and addiction treatment .  program costs $ 22,000 per patient per year ; proponents say that 's cheaper than jail .  patient : `` i could start taking responsibility in a rational way .
 opinion : thatcher biopic 'useful propaganda ' for uk conservatives <sec> david torrance : margaret thatcher biopic `` the iron lady '' a nostalgia trip .  the movie shows thatcher as pm in the 1980s , and as a frail elderly woman , suffering from dementia .  torrance : 1980s were a time `` when politics was politics and elected leaders actually believed in something '' .  he says `` the iron lady '' may prove `` useful propaganda '' for the conservative part .
 incredible fireworks at seoul 's 'biggest event of the year ' <sec> more than one million people expected to turn out for seoul 's annual fireworks festival .  visitors advised to use public transport , arrive hours early for good riverside viewing spot .  over 100,000 fireworks from designers around the world will be set of .
 new zealand seeks missing ship carrying briton , americans <sec> new : the lost sailboat is tough , and so is its captain , his sister says .  the nina left opua , headed for newcastle , australia , when it encountered stormy seas .  the wooden racing schooner built in 1928 had seven people on board .  six americans and one briton are missin .
 does football need technology ? <sec> debate over whether technology should be used to help referees .  fifa is opposed to video replays but has considered goal-line technology .  hawk-eye system and microchipped footballs were rejected by ifab .  some feel it will take a big-match controversy to re-open the debat .
 yankees set record three grand slams <sec> the new york yankees have become the first team in mlb history to hit three grand slams .  the yankees achieved the feat during a 22-9 victory over the oakland athletics .  robinson cano , curtis granderson and russell martin struck the historic home run .
 suspect in girl 's killing had 'challenges , ' relatives say <sec> melissa huckaby faces murder charges in death of sandra cantu , 8 .  huckaby , a sunday school teacher , was arrested last week .  huckaby had difficulty dealing with divorce , relatives say .  relatives say allegations are `` completely out of character '' for he .
 six tech resolutions for 2013 <sec> keep your data safe this year with backups and two-factor authentication .  for a fun new year 's project check out the many free online courses and start learning .  take a moment to read the terms of service for your e-mail , photo sites and social networks .  cut down on checking your phone and engage with the world around yo .
 still struggling in a safe place : wartime refugees <sec> muntaha fleful was injured in a 2004 attack in iraq .  now in the united states , fleful struggles with post-traumatic stress disorder .  dearborn is home to the nation 's largest arab-american population , including iraqis .  a stigma surrounds seeking mental health treatment in the arab world , a counselor say .
 vets pay tribute to fallen comrades at virtual vietnam wall <sec> digital vietnam wall memorial lets users search , leave tributes , add photos .  wall was a collaboration between national archives , footnote.com .  veterans see it as a way to add your voice to history , leave memories .  local veterans hope to use site to help veterans get back on their fee .
 police : suspect removed tracking anklet , attacked mother and child <sec> david j. renz is accused of killing a librarian and raping her 10-year-old daughter .  he abducted the pair as they left a gymnastics class in upstate new york , police say .  authorities say he managed to take off an electronic tracking device before the attack .  probation office was not alerted because he reconnected the anklet so fast , officer say .
 united 's dreamliner headed to tokyo <sec> united puts dreamliner on first regularly scheduled international route .  the boeing 787 will be used in service between los angeles and tokyo .  united debuted the dreamliner for domestic service in novembe .
 at last minute , dhs extends certification for pilots to carry firearms <sec> federal flight deck officers were to lose certification effective midnight tonight .  certifications have been extended for six months `` in light of recent events , '' official says .  officials have said there are more ffdos than federal air marshals , number is classified .  pilot organization concerned that limited budget will deter pilots from volunteerin .
 kidnapped by the taliban <sec> freelance journalist paul refsdal embedded with the taliban last year .  his aim was to capture what everyday life was like for members of the taliban .  one trip takes a harrowing turn when he is accused of spying and is held captiv .
 14-year-old swims solo across lake ontario <sec> annaleise carr swam for nearly 27 hours in chilly waters .  the course across the lake is more than 31 miles .  she swam to raise money for childhood cancer .  she raised nearly three times her goal by sunday evenin .
 pope 'distraught ' by german sex abuse scandal <sec> pope distraught by church sex abuse scandal , germany 's top catholic says .  freiburg archbishop robert zollitsch discussed scandal with benedict xvi .  about 150 people have reported cases of sexual abuse by catholic priests .  pope encourages catholic leaders in germany to continue investigating allegation .
 kanye west arrested after skirmish at airport <sec> new : west released on $ 20,000 bond , police say .  incident involved the rap star , his road manager , a photographer and a cameraman .  west allegedly grabbed a photographer 's camera , tmz reports .  web site posts short and chaotic video of the incident shot by one of its reporter .
 canadian wanted in 1999 slaying arrested in california <sec> ninderjit singh , 33 , has been a fugitive for more than 12 years .  he was wanted in the vancouver slaying of his ex-girlfriend .  the case was featured on `` america 's most wanted '' in july 2000 .  poonam randhawa , 18 , was last seen alive in a car with sing .
 texas roller coaster reopens after woman 's death <sec> the roller coaster at six flags over texas has been closed since the july death .  rosa esparza , 52 , was killed when she fell out of the ride .  her family has filed a wrongful-death suit against six flags .  new safety measures include an improved safety bar and lap belt .
 drinking sewage : solving singapore 's water problem <sec> singapore currently imports 50 percent of its water from malaysia . .  with 5 million people living in the country new options for water supplies are needed . .  newater technologies are transforming wastewater to qualities better than that in your tap . .  30 percent of singapore 's water supply is currently met by recycled water .
 schalke win lifts them level with bayern <sec> schalke draw level on points with league leaders bayern after beating stuttgart 3-1 .  nuremberg defeat hertha berlin 2-0 ; wolfsburg earn three points with 1-0 win over cologn .
 chelsea clinton baby watch upstages celebrities at clinton nonprofit meeting <sec> chelsea clinton refers to her `` impending , though hopefully not immediate , arrival '' .  bill clinton tells cnn that he hopes he 'll be a grandfather `` by the first of october '' .  all three clintons are appearing at their family foundation 's annual meetin .
 bill gates presses obama on stimulus package , foreign aid <sec> microsoft founder bill gates talks to cnn 's wolf blitzer .  gates says obama should craft a wide-ranging stimulus package .  he also wants obama to increase investments in education , technology .  `` spending is the only way we 'll ever come out of this downturn , '' he say .
 gitmo prisoners defend 'blessed ' 9/11 attack <sec> u.s. war crime accusations are `` badges of honor , '' five al qaeda prisoners say .  statement asks god to `` accept our contributions to the ... great attack on america '' .  `` your fall will be just as the fall of the towers on the blessed 9/11 day , '' filing say .
 lockerbie bomber 's family asks for review of conviction in scotland <sec> an application is lodged for a review of abdelbeset al megrahi 's conviction .  al megrahi was found guilty in 2001 of the 1988 bombing of panam flight 103 .  he died in 2012 , having been freed from prison on compassionate grounds in 200 .
 russian warplanes target georgia <sec> 2,000 people have been killed in south ossetia , russian ambassador says .  40 military killed and mounting civilian casualties , georgia official says .  russian prime minister : georgia 's actions are `` crime against their own people . '' .  french president nicolas sarkozy proposes an immediate cease-fir .
 power plant 'terror ' attack kills 2 in russia <sec> unidentified gunmen kill two people , injure two more .  attackers wearing masks storm the power station at 4 a.m . .  officials : gunmen attacked police station before power plant .  rushydro says security boosted at all its hydroelectric plant .
 marnie the dog wants you to adopt senior pets <sec> november has been deemed `` adopt-a-senior-pet month '' .  marnie the dog was adopted in her golden years , and has become an internet star .  susie 's senior dogs helps senior pets nationwide find a home via social medi .
 some residents to return to live in fukushima nuclear disaster zone <sec> 350 people from the miyakoji district of tamura city will be allowed to head home .  20-kilometer ( 12-mile ) exclusion zone declared around crippled nuclear plant since 2011 .  devastating earthquake and tsunami knocked out the fukushima nuclear plant .  many residents remain concerned about radiation levels despite decontamination effort .
 lawyer : mubarak 's health 'getting worse ' as he battles stomach cancer <sec> new : mubarak 's lawyer has requested a german doctor be allowed to visit him .  lawyer farid el deeb says hosni mubarak had major surgery in june 2010 .  his trial on charges he ordered protesters shot is set to start august 3 .  doctors say he has a host of problems , but an expert says the trial should go o .
 u.s ski star ligety : call me 'the king ' <sec> ted ligety won his third gold of world championships at schladming .  u.s. star becomes first male skier in 45 years to win triple gold at a single world championship . .  austria 's marcel hirscher claimed silver and italy 's manfred moelegg took bron .
 canceled 'selfie ' gets new life on hulu <sec> abc canceled `` selfie '' with six episodes still unaired .  hulu will now run one unaired episode a week .  `` selfie '' was a comedy with a social media spi .
 pinki brings a smile to the oscars <sec> new : `` smile pinki '' wins best short documentary oscar .  pinki sonkar was born with cleft lip ; her family in india could n't afford surgery .  smile train charity provided operation ; 4 million children worldwide have cleft lips .  pinki , once an outcast because of the deformity , will attend the oscar ceremon .
 obama signs $ 16 billion va overhaul into law - cnnpolitics.com <sec> va secretary robert mcdonald to visit va hospitals starting friday in phoenix .  daughter of veteran who died waiting for care says new bill is not enough .  it provides money for more hospitals , doctors and nurses .  president barack obama calls the va misconduct `` inexcusable .
 wildfire near tennessee resort town almost out <sec> new : rain helps put out most of wildfire near resort town in eastern tennessee .  new : firefighters have been able to leave , as just a few hot spots remain .  about 20 fire departments had been battling the blaze , which started sunday as a house fire .  fire charred more than 35 buildings , turned propane tanks into shrapne .
 gene linked to some cases of lou gehrig 's disease found <sec> amyotrophic lateral sclerosis association calls als gene discovery `` momentous '' .  two genes discovered in last 12 months could hold key for new therapies .  genetic testing useful only for those with hereditary als .  als , or lou gehrig 's disease , strikes a little more than 5,600 people every yea .
 'trivago guy ' gets a new look <sec> tim `` trivago guy '' williams cleans up for new ad .  trivago had a contest to give williams a makeover .  his old look was charitably described as disheveled -- and beltles .
 sizzling times at cape town 's hottest hangout <sec> mzoli 's meat is one of the hippest hangouts in cape town , south africa .  a butchery and open-air barbeque , it was a hit with celebrity chef jamie oliver .  live music and djs bring a diverse crowd of locals and tourist .
 brazil : with tensions high amid protests , soccer tournament goes on <sec> brazil hosts two confederations cup matches sunday amid nationwide protests .  protesters took to the streets on saturday outside a match in belo horizonte .  hundreds of thousands continue to protest despite president 's warnings against violenc .
 north korea : should we fear change ? <sec> north korea accused by ex-u.s. president bush of helping terrorism , seeking wmds .  analysts say effect of kim jong il 's death on talks over nuclear issue unknown .  north korea dogged by famine since mid-1990s ; many people flee to china .  china will prop up its close ally and its new leader kim jong un , analysts sa .
 gasperini to replace leonardo as inter milan coach <sec> gian piero gasperini will become the new coach of italian club inter milan .  the former genoa boss will sign a two-year deal at the san siro , replacing leonardo .  brazilian coach leonardo is expected to move to french team paris st. germain .  he had been in charge of inter since december , winning the italian cu .
 pentagon official : u.s. personnel in west africa could handle ebola <sec> some u.s. personnel could be in contact with ebola in west africa , pentagon official says .  personnel are trained at `` very high level '' for such contact , official says .  official : any u.s. personnel infected would be evacuated in specially equipped plan .
 opinion : undocumented fed up with partisan politics <sec> ruben navarrette : we have to find ways to let the undocumented stay in the u.s . .  navarrette espouses erika andiola , who is one of the most famous dreamers .  he says d.c. is driven , unfortunately , by political games on the issue of immigration .  navarrette : neither democrats nor republicans are doing anything on refor .
