 do n't apply for president if you 're 60+ ( opinion ) <sec> ruben navarrette : 2016 gop candidate should be young , to make dem opponent look old .  he says we 're 'allowed ' to mention older male candidates ' age but not hillary 's . .  it 's an issue .  candidates age quickly in tough office . .  with some exceptions , youth , vigor better , he says .  navarrette : candidates should be capped at 60 . .  2016 message : 'go young , or go home .
 election-year logic explains gop dysfunction <sec> republican leaders seek the best of both worlds in election-year politics .  on the debt ceiling , they wanted to oppose an increase they knew was needed .  the goal was to avoid the ire of conservatives by getting democrats to pass it .  resistance by the tea party wing forced gop leaders to take politically risky step .
 report : chavez is back in venezuela <sec> the venezuelan president returns after about a week in cuba .  he underwent chemotherapy treatment for cancer .  chavez has not said what type of cancer he ha .
 big cat spotted in indian city ; injures 7 evades capture <sec> leopard runs amok in meerut , north-east of new delhi .  evades capture after being cornered in a hospital .  leopard also entered a cinema and apartment block .  increase in urban big cat-sightings sparks debate about encroachment on animal habitat .
 don lemon : watching palin 's transformation <sec> sarah palin has transformed from obscure governer to gop kingmaker .  republican presidential hopefuls often publicly praise palin .  will palin use gop praise to make a play in 2012 .
 u.s. ambassador travels to volatile syrian city <sec> new : the state department says syrian authorities were told of the planned visit .  the syrian town of hama has been wracked with violence .  the u.s. ambassador to syria visited the town thursday .  state department says it was to show u.s. support for syrians fighting for democrac .
 france 'responsible ' for holocaust deaths <sec> court : france bears responsibility for sending jews to wwii concentration camps .  court rules measures taken since end of war have compensated for damage .  france 's role in deportation of its jews taboo for decades after war .  at least 77,000 jews deported from france during nazi occupatio .
 despite attention , it 's not all grab and scan at airports <sec> of 35 passengers interviewed at atlanta 's airport , 28 went through metal detectors .  tsa has nearly 2,200 security lines at airports nationwide and 400 body scanners .  polls show public is more supportive of body scanning than enhanced pat-down .
 david mitchell 's wife , brother give accounts of his troubled path <sec> wanda barzee testifies for the defense in the trial of brian david mitchell .  mitchell faces federal charges in the 2002 abduction of elizabeth smart .  barzee testifies of a `` hellish '' first year of marriage to mitchell .  religious counsel , bible readings taught her to be more submissive , she say .
 rise of the female jihadists ( opinion ) <sec> peter bergen : search for hayat boumedienne highlights issue of female jihadists .  european women have also played an operational role in jihadist terrorism , he say .
 former chicago mayor richard m. daley hospitalized <sec> daley , 71 , is in the hospital icu for evaluation .  he was chicago 's longest-serving mayo .
 george zimmerman wants to box rapper dmx , but no deal signed yet <sec> dmx rep says deal for fight is not done .  rev . .  al sharpton , others oppose zimmerman bout .  the organizer is self-described opportunist damon feldman .  he says he picked dmx from more than 15,000 offer .
 chisora faces hearing after haye brawl <sec> british heavyweight dereck chisora is called to appear before a hearing next month .  chisora faces sanctions after his brawl with david haye in munich on saturday .  the brawl occured after chisora 's points defeat by wbc champion vitali klitschk .
 ronaldo the hero despite sending-off <sec> cristiano ronaldo sent off after inspiring real madrid to 4-2 victory at home to almeria .  world 's most expensive player scores goal , sets one up and misses a penalty .  real trail spanish leaders barcelona by five points after the catalans beat deportivo 3-1 .  ball d'or winner lionel messi scores twice and zlatan ibrahimovic nets the third goa .
 video : panic as avalanche hits mount everest base camp <sec> a youtube video shows the scale of an avalanche on mount everest on saturday .  eight nepalis are dead at everest , but not identified ; three americans are also dead .  helicopter rescues are underway to retrieve climbers stranded on everes .
 ukraine crisis : what 's happening ? depends on whom you ask <sec> key questions are in dispute over the crisis in ukraine .  russia , ukraine disagree about who 's in charge .  ukraine 's u.n. envoy says 16,000 russian troops are in crime .
 actor who was 'edward quartermaine ' on 'general hospital ' dies <sec> john ingle was on the daytime soap opera for 19 years .  he dies at age 84 while battling cancer .  ingle played patriarch edward quartermaine .  he also appeared in many other roles in movies and tv show .
 tsa nominee appears for confirmation hearing <sec> pistole has been fbi deputy director since october 2004 .  tsa oversees national aviation safety .  2 previous nominees withdrew themselves from consideratio .
 from cars to tvs , apps are spreading to the real world <sec> apple 's 'apps store ' has become hugely successful and mimicked by others .  away from hand-held gadgets , apps being developed for cars and tv set-top boxes .  such apps could be accessed through home computers or smart phone .
 trial lawyers could win bonanza in health care reform <sec> the house bill passed saturday night protects the fees of trial lawyers , frum says .  he says states that have capped fees have seen increase in doctors .  when texas capped fees , lawsuits fell and doctors moved to the state , he says .  frum : trial lawyers are benefiting because they provide campaign funds for democrat .
 man city seals fernandinho capture <sec> manchester city announces the signing of brazil international fernandinho .  the 28-year-old joins from ukranian club shakhtar donetsk for a reported $ 48m .  fernandinho has five international caps for brazil and joined shakhtar in 200 .
 opinion : ignore western hypocrisy , putin will do what he wants <sec> u.s. president barack obama has charged vladimir putin of breaching international law , writes simon tisdall .  tisdall : it is obama , following in bush 's footsteps , who has repeatedly and cynically flouted international law .  this is the biggest foreign test of obama 's presidency , he writes .  in many ways , putin is an unredeemed cold war throwback , he say .
 netherlands art fair showcases the best in 7,000 years of art <sec> tefaf celebrates 25 years showcasing the best in fine art and antiquities .  classical sculpture , jewelry , old master paintings , antique furniture on display .  highlights include necklace owned by viennese empress , works by bruegel and picasso .  fair 's organizers are confident , despite gloomy financial outloo .
 egypt dig unearths 3,600-year-old mummy , rare sarcophagus in luxor <sec> archaeologists on a routine dig in luxor made the discovery , state-run paper says .  officials say the human-shaped sarcophagus dates back to 1600 b.c . .  it belonged to a top government official , whose mummy was insid .
 obama 's 'bulworth ' moment & other 2014 lessons <sec> clinton 's team reaches out to warren supporters .  boehner and mcconnell make a new year 's resolution .  obama bets on his `` emerging '' coalitio .
 hamas tortured , killed palestinians , rights group charges <sec> new : some people shot as they lay in hospitals , amnesty international says .  two dozen palestinians killed by hamas , rights group says .  hamas accused the victims of spying for israel , group says .  hamas blames attacks on rogue element .
 slavery : the victims that are all around us <sec> the case of three women held capitive in london has shocked britain , and the world .  while it 's an extreme example , slavery is not uncommon in london , andrew boff says .  authorities are over-stretched and neglecting the informal cases which are hard to find .  this case shows how slavery is a huge problem -- and it 's all around u .
 dwyane wade goes 1-on-1 with 90-year-old grandma nelly <sec> the miami heat guard met grandma nelly on the court tuesday .  she issued a challenge to play dwyane wade one-on-one .  `` this is my dream come true , '' she sai .
 can the law keep up with technology ? <sec> as technology evolves at breakneck speed , thorny legal issues are emerging , experts say .  people are being sued for what they post on social-networking sites such as twitter .  some of the legal issues involve privacy , defamation and content ownership .  the law is `` at least five years behind technology as it is developing , '' legal expert say .
 my way or the highway : niki lauda 's formula one creed <sec> formula one legend niki lauda defied his wealthy family to pursue a career in racing .  the austrian impressed tough team boss enzo ferrari despite criticizing his car .  after a life-threatening crash in 1976 , lauda got back in the car after just 42 days .  he would go on to win two more world titles before retiring a second time in 198 .
 bosnian serb war criminal recaptured after years on the run <sec> radovan stankovic was convicted in bosnia in november 2006 .  he escapes from a bosnian prison in may 2007 .  stankovic is captured in foca , the same town he escaped from jai .
 clashes between police , foreign workers leave 2 dead in saudi arabia <sec> police arrested 561 people saturday in the capital of riyadh .  saudi arabia launched a `` security campaign '' this month to crack down on visa violation .
 opinion : in attack , can bikers get a fair shake ? <sec> danny cevallos : case of driver beaten by motorcyclists raises issues of bias .  cevallos : motorbike enthusiasts get a bad rap for the transgressions of a few .  the true biker spirit is a celebrated part of americana , cevallos says .  he asks : in a trial that puts a man in a biker rally vs a dad in an suv , who wins .
 nannies tell new details of princess diana 's childhood <sec> princess diana was born into life of privilege but grew up in broken home .  at 9 , diana told her nanny , `` i never intend to be divorced '' .  diana had a crush on prince charles when she was 13 .  the future princess 's openness , vulnerability evident from an early ag .
 media , stop stoking petraeus sex saga <sec> howard kurtz : journalists happy petraeus affair knocked `` fiscal cliff '' off front page .  kurtz : media quick to report salacious details that proved to be not so dramatic .  people eat story up because it involves a well-respected general , he says .  kurtz : media has jumped the shark beyond the story 's newsworthines .
 do we no longer need marriage ? <sec> more american women under 30 are having kids outside of marriage , research shows .  w. bradford wilcox : marriage grows stronger among educated but less so among the poor .  wilcox : children and men often pay a big price when they are not in a married home .  he says policymakers should take actions to strengthen the institution of marriag .
 mild quake shakes southern california <sec> southern california shaken by light quake thursday evening .  quake centered in san bernardino , about 55 miles east of los angeles .  seismologist : `` it 's unlikely that there 's going to be damage '' .  quake downgraded to magnitude 4.5 , it 's felt all the way in san dieg .
 ben affleck : paparazzi scare his kids <sec> `` my kids are n't celebrities . .  they never made that bargain , '' affleck tells playboy .  he wants a `` bubble of safety '' around his children , with cameras at least 100 feet away .  california outlaws photography that `` seriously alarms , annoys , torments , or terrorizes '' children .  a stalker who threatened to kill affleck 's family hid among photographers , actor say .
 electric 'formula e ' motor series to launch in 2014 <sec> fia president jean todt signs agreement to launch series in 2014 .  electric car competition will be focused on city-center tracks .  brazil 's rio de janeiro is the first host city to sign up .  todt says new series will attract a `` younger audience '' to motorspor .
 ronnie biggs , the self-styled 'gentleman crook ' <sec> ronnie biggs was part of gang responsible for 1963 great train robbery .  biggs released from prison on compassionate grounds on friday .  sentenced to 30 years in prison , biggs escaped and spent decades as a fugitive .  biggs was locked up since his return to uk from brazil in 2001 in ailing healt .
 chandhok : indian gp drive would be 'magic ' <sec> karun chandhok has said it would be 'magic ' to race in first indian grand prix .  chandhok is currently a reserve driver for cnn-sponsored team lotus .  the 27-year-old has made just one grand prix appearance so far this seaso .
 colombians sue chiquita over paramilitary payments <sec> chiquita says it was a victim of extortion and argues the cases should be dismissed .  `` we 're holding them accountable , '' an attorney for victims ' families says .  a u.s. federal judge is weighing whether the lawsuits will go to trial .  chiquita pleaded guilty in 2007 and paid a $ 25 million fine for paramilitary payment .
 canada teen convicted of 'sexting ' photos of boyfriend 's ex <sec> in november 2012 , the teen ''sexted '' photos of her boyfriend 's ex .  she was convicted of distribution of pornography .  crown prosecutor chandra fisher calls it a `` precedent-setting '' case .  the sentence is pendin .
 nelson mandela worked to dismantle apartheid <sec> south african apartheid policy was instituted in 1948 .  term was first used by the ruling national party .  blacks were displaced , often by threat or use of force .  system was not formally dismantled until 199 .
 lawyer : singer mario 's assault arrest linked to mom 's drug addiction <sec> mario 's lawyer blamed his mother 's `` irrational behavior '' .  police said mario 's mother said she feared for her life .  broken glass , cracked mirror and busted door were found .  a 2007 mtv documentary explored mario 's struggles with his mothe .
 analysis : jordan 's king abdullah faces crisis <sec> rising oil and food prices stoke unrest in jordan .  islamic action front demanding price hikes be rescinded immediately .  threat of more unrest could deter what little foreign investment jordan attracts .  growing threat from salafist/jihadi group .
 california cigarette tax remains too close to call <sec> new : the vote is a `` close contest , '' the california secretary of state 's office says .  new : counties have 28 days to count mail-in , provisional , and damaged ballots .  votes from precincts were 50.8 % against and 49.2 % in support .  the law would add $ 1 to california 's 87-cent tax on each pack of cigarette .
 newtown residents plead for privacy on sandy hook shooting anniversary <sec> newtown officials ask media to avoid town on anniversary of sandy hook shooting .  sirens , news trucks remind residents of massacre that killed 26 at school , officials say .  victims ' families launch new website to honor loved ones lost in 2012 shootin .
 son claims body of professor accused in killings <sec> new : son from previous marriage claims university of georgia professor 's body .  acquaintances , colleagues remember george zinkhan as eccentric , aloof .  neighbor : children unaware of mother 's slaying ; daughter mentioned `` firecracker '' .  student , colleague both thought zinkhan may be dangerous before triple killin .
 debate coach : obama , romney are top performers <sec> todd graham : campaigns are spinning but know that romney , obama are good debaters .  on romney 's strengths : he 's smooth , knowledgeable , good at pivoting from questions .  on obama 's strengths : stays cool , strong presence , good focus and reasoning .  graham : both have weaknesses that are flip sides of strengths ; expect a good debat .
 gun links colorado prison chief 's killing to texas shootout <sec> suspect `` had an anger and a cruelty '' early on , hickenlooper says .  ballistics tests match colorado prison chief 's killing with texas shootout .  colorado holds memorial for slain official .  clements oversaw the `` darkest of worlds '' with the `` warmest of hearts , '' governor say .
 for many , a sense of purpose makes job stress worthwhile <sec> marci alboher : annual list of most stressful jobs drew attention .  she says the right issue is whether job rewards compensate for stress .  people who take on stressful jobs that help others report satisfaction , she say .
 bodies from air france crash arrive in france <sec> ship transporting remains and wreckage arrives in france .  there are believed to be around 104 bodies .  a long process now begins to identify the victims , french authorities sa .
 hong kong-based credit rating agency launched to rival 'big three ' <sec> credit rating agency launched in hong kong with chinese , russian and american backing .  it seeks to reform the global credit rating system following the financial crisis .  director says asian and middle eastern institutions `` have not had a seat at the table .
 halloween with houdini -- annual attempt to contact dead escapologist <sec> harry houdini died in 1926 , having said he would speak from the afterlife .  he also said he 'd open a pair of handcuffs , but to date neither has occurred .  this year 's seance takes place in halifax , nova scotia , on october 31 , the anniversary of houdini 's deat .
 ousted egyptian president morsy sentenced to 20 years <sec> ousted egyptian president mohamed morsy is convicted of charges involving violence against protesters .  but he is acquitted of murder .  `` we promise you unexpected revolutionary surprises , '' a muslim brotherhood spokesman say .
 commentary : slavery needs more than an apology <sec> katrina browne : house and senate have apologized for slavery .  she says slavery benefited the north as well as the south .  slavery created enduring disparities in society and economy , she says .  browne : empathy and effort can address the legacy of slaver .
 guts and glory : 162 years of america 's cup yacht design <sec> for more than 160 years , the america 's cup has been at the forefront of yacht design .  from scotland 's traditional boats to modern 'winged ' yachts , cnn looks at highlights .  includes australia 's controversial keel , which saw u.s. lose cup for first time .  british sailor andrew simpson 's death while training in may has raised safety question .
 thailand horrified after girl raped , thrown from train <sec> nong kaem vanished while riding night train to bangkok .  body found three days later by the track ; she 'd been raped , police said .  22-year-old railway employee charged with rape and murder .  campaign calls for tougher penalties including mandatory death sentence for rap .
 jude law to become a dad again <sec> jude law 's spokesperson says he will become a dad again in the fall .  entertainment weekly broke the news the actor is expecting his fourth child .  law , who is divorced , did not reveal the identity of the mothe .
 outraged lebanese protest teenager 's death with # notamartyr campaign <sec> 'not a martyr ' campaign is gaining traction in lebanon .  they say it highlights technique of labeling people as martyrs to avoid taking action .  they say in lebanon , martyr is a respected title but it 's now used to desensitize people .  campaign launched after one innocent victim of a bomb was called a marty .
 nurse picks up diner tab , 46 others pay it forward <sec> a vermont nurse paid for another table 's meal at a diner after work .  almost 50 other diners at the restaurant kept the 'pay it forward ' chain alive .  kathleen connors says she did n't know her generosity would go so fa .
 castro 's brother faces big challenges in cuba <sec> cuban president raul castro says the country must become more productive .  castro has promised to improve efficiency by cutting some red tape .  expectations rise as a new president leads cuba for the first time in 49 years .  rare public displays of discontent show frustrations faced by cuban .
 acting before 2015 , obama to latino activists : cover me <sec> obama pledged to take action on immigration reform by the end of the year . .  obama was interrupted by an undocumented immigrant activist . .  obama listed accomplishments that he said have specifically benefited latinos in the u.s .
