 aksel lund svindal repeats lake louise super-g success <sec> aksel lund svindal claims men 's super-g at lake louise .  norwegian winning at canadian resort for sixth time .  svindal defends his olympic super-g title in sochi .  jessica lindell-vikarby wins women 's giant slalom at beaver cree .
 mother gives hours-old baby girl to california firefighters <sec> a baby was surrendered on christmas eve at a los angeles fire station .  the 27-year-old mother said the girl was only 6 hours old , a fire spokesman says .  she is healthy and will be placed in protective custody , he adds .  in california , a parent can drop off a newborn at fire stations with no fear of arres .
 brazil sends troops to border to fight crime <sec> brazil sent nearly 10,000 troops and civilians to the southern border areas .  it is part of a mission to combat crime .  forces are focusing on both large and smaller scale problem .
 the psychological toll of war <sec> an american soldier allegedly went on a rampage and killed 16 afghan civilians .  eric zillmer : has psychological impact of afghanistan war been underestimated ? .  he says the soldier 's horrific act can not be attributed solely to traumatic brain injury .  zillmer : our military must do more to prepare troops for challenges in combat zone .
 - cnn.com <sec> hilton worldwide says muffins were part of $ 16 breakfast .  inspector general say it itemized the costs at conference .  but it does not know whether food tab factored in `` free '' meeting spac .
 'life-changing ' grants help families afford adoption <sec> cnn hero becky fawcett is helping americans get the money they need to adopt .  she calls her organization , helpusadopt.org , a `` labor of love '' .  the group has assisted all kinds of families as well as single peopl .
 obama offers iran 'the promise of a new beginning ' <sec> video message coincides with the start of the iranian new year .  the u.s. has had tortuous relations with tehran since 1979 .  there was no immediate response from tehra .
 deaf filmmaker truly hears music for the first time <sec> deaf filmmaker austin chapman , 23 , buys hearing aid before losing his parents ' insurance .  he weeps when he hears the full range of music for the first time .  the first song he enjoys in its entirety is mozart 's `` lacrimosa '' .  14,000 posts on reddit recommend all sorts of musi .
 california couple strikes gold after finding $ 10 million in rare coins <sec> new : a highlight is an 1866-s no motto double eagle valued at close to $ 1 million .  the coins , in $ 5 , $ 10 and $ 20 denominations , are dated from 1847 to 1894 .  they have a combined face value of about $ 27,000 but could fetch $ 10 million or more .  the discovery is thought to be the largest of its kind in u.s. histor .
 4 worshipers killed in jerusalem synagogue <sec> palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas condemns the attack .  israeli ministry : 8 wounded , including an israeli police officer in critical condition .  2 palestinian cousins enter a jerusalem synagogue with knives and a gun .  netanyahu blames palestinian authority , others for spreading `` libels '' against israe .
 justin timberlake accepts u.s. marine 's invitation to ball <sec> `` i 'd love to do it . .  it 's an honor , '' timberlake says of date with cpl . .  kelsey de santis .  a similar invitation was extended to his `` friends with benefits '' co-star mila kunis .  kunis will attend a november 18 event with sgt . .  scott moor .
 messi treble as barcelona make history <sec> barcelona beat atletico madrid 3-0 to set new record of consecutive la liga wins .  lionel messi nets hat-trick as catalans surpass real madrid 's previous mark of 15 .  third-placed villarreal suffer first home defeat of season against lowly levante .  udinese move up to fifth place in italy 's serie a , while juventus also wi .
 newsquiz : week of may 6 <sec> use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student news .  write your answers in the space provided .  today 's newsquiz includes the media literacy question of the da .
 ocean 'economy ' heading for collapse <sec> ocean economic powerhouse valued at $ 24 trillion : wwf report .  marco lambertini : ocean plays direct role in livelihoods across glob .
 for poor children , trying hard is not enough <sec> upward mobility is much less likely today for working-class children , says trina r. shanks .  income level and educational opportunity are linked , and effects begin early , she says .  even children with proven academic ability fall behind if they are poor , says shanks .  shanks : our nation must help develop children 's potential rather than let it go to wast .
 golf 's major tours split over proposed belly putter ban <sec> european tour supports ban on long-handled belly putters .  rule change from 2016 would outlaw method of anchoring putter to the stomach .  u.s. pga tour opposes ban as does pga or america .  star players such as keegan bradley and ernie els use the belly putte .
 un-extraordinary measures : stats show cpr falls flat <sec> cpr was introduced to american physicians in 1960 .  study : about 2 % of adults who collapse on the street and receive cpr recover fully .  study on tv dramas found that 75 % of patients survived immediate cardiac arres .
 can cars land revive california adventure ? <sec> updates to disney 's california adventures open june 15 .  the centerpiece , cars land , makes the most of the popular movie .  revamping the park cost an estimated $ 1.1 billio .
 cnn journalist injured in attack near sirte <sec> an anti-gadhafi convoy comes under fire .  a rocket propelled grenade attack wounds a cnn producer .  ian lee gets treated for shrapnel in his le .
 argentina fines drug company over vaccine trial <sec> argentina 's drug administration has fined the company and two doctors nearly $ 240,000 .  a medical group accuses glaxosmithkline of misleading trial participants .  the drug company denies those accusations and says it will appeal the fine .  glaxosmithkline says there were no irregularities regarding consent or the vaccine 's safet .
 world cup fever grips african grannies <sec> grannies in a south african township have taken up football .  the women have been inspired by world cup fever in the country .  some women have reported improving health as a result of playing the game .  the grannies may play a match as a curtain raiser to the tournamen .
 hospital evacuated as australia hit by heavy flooding <sec> thousands evacuated as flood waters continue to rise in australia .  four people have died including three-year-old boy hit by tree .  hospital being evacuated in hard-hit town of bundaberg .  helicopters pluck stranded from their rooftop .
 opinion : congress , let this be a vote of conscience <sec> stephanie cutter : at times , members of congress take votes based on conscience .  syria issue requires members to consider what is right , not what is expedient , she says .  cutter : this is a time for politics to be put aside and for thoughts of 2016 to take a back seat .  she says members should act as they think is right and let the politics follo .
 from bin laden to boston <sec> peter bergen : it was easier for the u.s. to kill bin laden than to kill his ideology .  the boston bombing is one case in which bin laden 's ideology may have played a role , he says .  the majority of muslims reject bin ladenism , but there are still some adherents , he says .  bergen : syrian conflict is another arena in which bin ladenism is activ .
 els misses cut at castle stuart ahead of british open <sec> ernie els says his game is where he wants it to be despite missing the cut at castle stuart .  els is the defending champion at the british open , which starts next week at muirfield .  scotland 's chris doak leads through two rounds , with phil mickelson tied for 13t .
 protesters march through dublin over irish austerity plan <sec> around 50,000 demonstrate in dublin .  the plan saves 15 billion euros through welfare cuts and higher taxes .  ireland 's prime minister says it is needed to tackle the country 's massive debt .  trade unions call the plan `` savage and regressive .
 iranian police deny any hit-and-run during protests <sec> video 's posters say it shows iranian police driving into crowds of demonstrators .  truck drives over person in video , which posters say was recorded sunday .  seven people were killed in anti-government protests in iran sunday , authorities sa .
 south africa flooding leaves 50 dead , hundreds homeless <sec> adverse weather has plagued the country since mid-december .  dozens were killed as buildings collapsed around them in eastern cape province .  at least 13 people have died in the neighboring province of kwazulu nata .
 manchester city 's semifinal win ends 10-man united 's treble dream <sec> manchester city through to english fa cup final for the first time since 1981 .  yaya toure 's 52nd-minute winner ends united 's hopes of winning three trophies this season .  roberto mancini 's team will face either stoke or bolton in the final on may 14 .  third-placed chelsea move five points clear of city with a 3-1 win at west bro .
 ethiopia 's merga wins the boston marathon <sec> ethiopia 's deriba merga won monday 's 113th boston marathon in 2:08.42 .  kenyan daniel rono and ryan hall of america were second and third .  salina kosgei of kenya took the women 's title from dire tune who collapse .
 phony mayday calls vexing coast guard investigators <sec> u.s. coast guard says 6 bogus mayday calls linked to the same person in maryland .  officials are now asking the public for help finding the suspect .  investigators say calls began in may and abruptly ended june 1 .  investigators : calls from area near little river , maryland , small town near baltimor .
 roma defender undergoes successful brain surgery <sec> roma 's leandro castan undergoes successful neurosurgery .  the defender originally complained of acute dizziness in a match in september .  the 28-year-old to remain in intensive care for the next 24 hour .
 prince : no idea of sarah ferguson 's alleged deal <sec> prince andrew denies knowing about ex-wife 's alleged offer to sell access to him .  british tabloid posted video of sarah ferguson meeting with undercover reporter .  video appears to show her accepting money in exchange for access to ex-husband .  ferguson apologizes : `` i very deeply regret the situation .
 da considers battery charge against justin bieber <sec> a photographer says justin bieber attacked him at a shopping center .  sheriff 's investigators have given their findings to prosecutors .  the photographer complained of pain and was taken to a hospital last mont .
 helicopters collide in iraq , killing 1 , injuring 4 <sec> two blackhawk helicopters crashed while landing in baghdad , u.s. military says .  iraqi soldier killed ; coalition soldiers , iraqi troops are among the injured .  interior ministry officials say one helicopter crashed during military clashe .
 muslim , christian graves vandalized in israeli city <sec> more than 100 graves were vandalized in two cemeteries -- one christian , one muslim .  `` death to all arabs '' among the epithets spray-painted on gravestones .  incident comes less than a week after a fire badly damaged a mosque in northern israel .  on wednesday , joseph 's tomb , a site sacred to jews , was vandalized in the west ban .
 hip-hop artist petey pablo facing 35 months in prison on gun charge <sec> petey pablo was stopped at a north carolina airport last september .  a semi-automatic pistol was found in his bag , and authorities determined that it was stolen .  pablo pleaded guilty in march to possessing a stolen firear .
 'mousetronauts , ' fireballs and a real-life r2d2 <sec> the international space station ( iss ) is a permanently orbiting research lab .  scientists perform research 24 hours a day , 365 days a year .  `` we are bettering the human experience on earth , '' says iss operativ .
 outrage grows over syrian massacre <sec> leader of the free syrian army calls for retaliatory attacks against the government .  syrian state media says al qaeda-linked groups are responsible for the violence .  u.n. observers see the bodies of close to three dozen children .  major general : `` whoever took part in this deplorable act ... should be held responsible .
 opinion : obama can still build 2nd term legacy <sec> joseph nye : many presidents lose momentum with second-term scandals .  so some try foreign policy , where constitution gives more chance to make legacy , he says .  nye : wilson , fdr , others found external events can upend plans for foreign policy legacy .  nye : if you 're writing off obama 's second term , you 're not paying attention to history 's lesson .
 in teachers ' strike , emanuel pushing democrats ' new view <sec> the combination of labor , new democrats and no money called `` combustible '' .  `` the big funders love it . .  teachers hate it , '' fordham university professor says .  `` what the chicago teachers have done is say enough is enough , '' he adds .  `` people are going to lose their jobs ... maybe rightly so , '' head of charter school network say .
 jpmorgan chase scolded for military mortgage mistakes <sec> bank admits faults in military home loans .  jpmorgan chase executive says changes have been made .  service members cite finances as their second largest source of stress , a study show .
 kagawa keeps dortmund in driving seat <sec> borussia dortmund maintain two-point lead with a 1-0 win against bayer leverkusen .  bayern munich keep up the pressure with a 2-0 victory over kaiserslauter .
 bone detectives seek genocide answers <sec> scientists piece together remains of massacre victims .  many of the 8,000 slaughtered at srebrenica still not identified .  team uses mix of dna and forensic anthropolog .
 documents : marijuana found in search of jackson 's bedroom <sec> skin-bleaching , hair-growth ointments also found day after jackson 's death .  police searched jackson 's home after family believed it found tar heroin .  source : that substance was not heroi .
 welcome to the 'weisure ' lifestyle <sec> `` weisure '' is the blurring of work and play -- both what we do and where we do it .  weisure is changing modern society , says nyu sociologist dalton conley .  `` we lose our private sphere , '' he says . .  `` there 's less time to be our backstage selves '' .  why ? .  technology , longer workweek and more workers enjoying their job .
 sochi 2014 : 'mexican prince ' ready to hit slopes in mariachi suit <sec> hubertus von hohenlohe will ski for mexico at the sochi 2014 winter olympics .  of germany royal descent , he was born while his parents were in mexico on business .  in 1981 von hohenlohe founded the mexican federation of winter sports .  the 55-year-old will be competing in his sixth winter olympic .
 'africa rising ' ? not really , unless we invest more in girls <sec> june 16 is the day of the african child .  johnson sirleaf : governments must ensure that spending on education is prioritized .  she says investing in girls ' education is not only a moral imperative but also a smart investmen .
 ukraine pm yatsenyuk rejects referendum on crimea split <sec> putin to obama : russia `` can not ignore the calls for help '' .  crimean lawmakers set a date for a referendum on staying in ukraine or joining .  ukraine 's interim prime minister , u.s. president obama call such a vote unlawful .  west threatens russia with punitive actions over ukrain .
 iran nuclear talks are key topic as obama , netanyahu meet <sec> new : obama and netanyahu meet at the white house .  new : diplomatic overtures between the u.s. and iran are a key topic .  new : both leaders say iran 's words must be backed up by actions .  the relationship between obama and netanyahu has been straine .
 war against isis : what does rand paul 's 'yes ' mean ? <sec> rand paul says he does n't support arming syrian rebels in isis fight .  but he says `` yes '' when asked whether he would vote to go to war against isis .  part of the president 's plan to fight isis includes arming syrian rebel .
 face it , facebook : sometimes you suck <sec> jessica ravitz found out her ex-fiancé was married via a mutual friend 's facebook comment .  though the relationship was long over , ravitz felt the punch to her gut .  friends shared their own stories of emotional blows delivered by facebook .  she bounced back quickly but knows facebook 's minefields can be harder for other .
 forlan strikes give atletico europa league crown <sec> diego forlan scores both goals as atletico madrid beat fulham 2-1 in europa league final .  simon davies leveled forlan 's first half strike but he struck again in extra time .  atletico were winning european club trophy for the first time in their histor .
 the six soldiers at center of bowe bergdahl debate <sec> former soldiers allege at least six soldiers were killed in bergdahl search .  u.s. official : `` right now there is no evidence to back that up '' .  a mother of one says she feels her son died trying to save a `` traitor '' .  another is remembered as a joker , someone who could cheer up anyon .
 ryan giggs : what next for manchester united 's man for all seasons ? <sec> ryan giggs ' spell as interim man utd manager ends on sunday .  the welshman replaced david moyes after the scot was sacked last month .  the veteran midfielder has been in the united first team for 24 years .  giggs ' playing contract expires at the end of the seaso .
 o.j . simpson says bad legal advice put him in prison <sec> simpson is serving a 33-year term for robbery , kidnapping and assault .  he 's scheduled to be back in court on monday to seek a new trial .  he says he got poor advice from his lawyer .  prosecutors say there 's no merit to the clai .
 mom saw warning signs in son who planned shooting spree <sec> at age 6 , elaine sonnen says , her son , richard , wanted to kill her .  fed up with bullying , richard says he plotted to kill eight classmates .  elaine immediately sought mental help for her son after learning of his plan .  richard spent 16 months in mental institutions and now lives on his ow .
 gomez double sees germany beat dutch <sec> germany beat netherlands 2-0 in latest renewal of one of football 's great rivalries .  mario gomez scores twice to take his tournament tally to three goals .  portugal seal 3-2 win over denmark in group b .  substitute silvestre varela hits stunning late winner after nicklas bendtner doubl .
 flight 1549 passenger wants therapy compensation <sec> family paying for therapy out of pocket after flight 1549 's crash landing .  pilot ditched plane in hudson river in january after birds crippled engines .  us airways , its insurer say they have exceeded obligations to passengers .  mother says she , daughter still experiencing trauma from landin .
 risqué tunisian tourism campaign woos holidaymakers <sec> nicolas courant : `` we wanted to create a debate , it is a way to drive awareness . '' .  at least 300 people were killed and 700 injured during the uprising , according to the u.n . .  7 million people visited tunisia in 2010 , says tunisian tourism ministe .
 lawyers in muslim brotherhood case seek new judges <sec> glass enclosure should be removed or defendants allowed to learn sign language , lawyers say .  the judges ' refusal of that request led to the lawyers ' demand that they be removed .  `` people are aware of the truth behind the coup , '' morsy say .
 south carolina mom with flesh-eating bacteria upgraded to fair condition <sec> lana kuykendall has had a rare flesh-eating bacteria since may 11 .  `` she has improved tremendously over the last week , '' her husband says .  kuykendall has had almost 20 surgical procedures to treat the necrotizing fasciitis .  she gave birth to twins four days before being diagnosed and hospitaliize .
 solar panels , clothesline help family slash energy bills <sec> solar power cuts family 's monthly electricity bill from $ 150 to under $ 30 .  redmond family home uses solar panels for 80 percent of its energy .  sun-powered oven cooks meals ; family runs errands with bikes .  about 250,000 homes in u.s. use solar power , industry group say .
 opinion : why ebola epidemic is spinning out of control <sec> laurie garrett : ebola epidemic in sierra leone , guinea , liberia worst ever , could be controlled .  she says poor governance , ignorance , hysteria have stoked opposition to health care .  she says key doctor in ebola fight now stricken , adding new fear that no one can escape .  garrett : lacking governance , desperately poor citizens superstitious , avoid treatmen .
