 flight instructor gets $ 5 million for catching terror suspect <sec> minnesota instructor notices zacarias moussaoui 's odd behavior , tells bosses .  his bosses , at first reluctant , eventually alert fbi who arrest moussaoui .  moussaoui , an admitted al qaeda operative , was in jail during september 11 , 2001 .  clarence `` clancy '' prevost receives $ 5 million from state department thursda .
 cnn poll : americans flunk budget iq test <sec> most americans think the u.s. spends more than it does on foreign aid and public broadcasting .  the poll 's comes a week before current funding for the government runs out .  the public estimates the united states spent 5 percent of its budget last year on public television and radio .  the real answer is about one-tenth of 1 percen .
 king children resolve battle ; 'we still always loved one another ' <sec> children of slain civil rights leader decide to split contested money equally .  settlement means siblings will avoid trial .  bernice king , martin luther king iii had accused brother of taking estate funds .  dexter king , administrator of martin luther king jr. estate , denied accusation .
 want to look like obama in a traditional chinese suit ? <sec> so-called `` new chinese suits '' worn by world leaders at apec meeting for sale online .  traditional chinese button down shirts are selling for as little as $ 27 on taobao site .  but the shirts do n't seem to be creating a buzz on social media in china ye .
 snapchat : sexting tool , or the next instagram ? <sec> competition from facebook poke may have spurred popularity of mobile app snapchat .  snapchat lets users send images or videos that disappear after a few seconds .  popular with young users , snapchat has a reputation as a `` sexting '' tool .  creators downplay its use to send nude pictures , say short-term sharing is fu .
 south sudan 's neighbors threaten to step in to end fighting <sec> new : 72 of 5,500 new peacekeepers have arrived in juba , the u.n. says .  east african leaders tell south sudan government , rebels to stop fighting or else .  group says it will take unspecified action if fighting does n't stop within four days .  south sudan 's government says it 's ready to adopt a cease-fir .
 2014 world cup : is belgium football 's coming force ? <sec> belgium is considered one of the dark horses to win the world cup in brazil .  nation has one of the most gifted squads in football thanks to outstanding youth program .  can qualify for the 2014 tournament on friday night with draw in croatia .  dembele believes his side can do 'something special ' next jul .
 global health within our grasp , if we do n't give up <sec> jeffrey sachs : health innovations can save millions of poor children each year .  sachs : cell phones , fast diagnostic tests , better medicines changing global health .  but this revolution in poor countries is threatened by funding cuts , he says .  sachs : wealthy nations must not abandon the programs just as they are paying of .
 the place where dead airplanes come back to life <sec> tarmac aerosave recycles disused aircraft at its plant in southern france .  airbus says around 9,000 planes will be retired or withdrawn from service over the next 20 years .  tarmac believes recycling old aircraft could save airlines considerable amounts of mone .
 school gets pass on contraception mandate <sec> justices say college does n't have to comply with obamacare mandate .  the decision favoring wheaton college outside chicago is only temporary .  wheaton is an educational institution , a religious charity previously won a similar ruling .  new : three justices issue sharp dissent to thursday 's decisio .
 w. mark felt , 'deep throat ' of watergate , dead at 95 <sec> w. mark felt , known as `` deep throat , '' has died , sources tell cnn .  felt leaked information to washington post reporters about 1972 watergate break-in .  watergate scandal eventually led to president richard nixon 's resignation .  felt : `` i thought i was doing the right thing .
 the horror of heysel : football 's forgotten tragedy ? <sec> nearly 200 people died in three horrific stadium tragedies in the 1980s .  some say that the one at heysel in 1985 has been largely forgotten .  thirty-nine fans died at the belgian stadium before european cup final .  juventus insist the club still honors the relatives of heysel victim .
 grandparents take on parenthood , again <sec> 2.5 million grandparents in the u.s. are the primary caregivers for their grandchildren .  grandparents feel stress from financial demands as parents for the second time .  expert : grandparents should find time to exercise and eat a healthy die .
 one dead as plane crashes at thai airport <sec> officials : plane skidded and then crashed after landing at koh samui airport .  bangkok airways atr-72 turboprop carrying 68 people , four crew members .  air traffic control warned the pilot of volatile winds before the plane lande .
 fire burning at texas natural gas facility <sec> fire breaks out at a portion of a texas natural gas facility .  no injuries or deaths are reported , but officials are looking for one worker .  school stops outdoor activitie .
 world war ii pilot , 99 , reunited with historic plane <sec> wwii u.s. pilot peter goutiere flies in his old douglas c-47 aircraft from seattle area to san francisco .  flight part of reunion of the famed china national aviation corp . .  the plane is owned by the historic flight foundation of everett , washington .  moon chin , 102 , the cnac 's only other living wartime pilot , greeted goutiere upon arrival in san francisc .
 arnold schwarzenegger : what i 've learned <sec> schwarzenegger : `` having a cheetah is a stupid idea '' .  `` the day is twenty-four hours . .  i sleep six hours . .  that leaves eighteen hours to do something '' .  `` i love paying my taxes .
 report : scores of albinos in hiding after attacks <sec> about 10,000 albinos in hiding in east africa over fears they will be dismembered .  albinos have been killed in burundi and tanzania because their body parts are believed to have special powers .  tanzanian government officials mobilizing police to help embattled populatio .
 commentary : is mccain out of his mind ? <sec> begala : mccain 's vp choice unqualified to be heartbeat from the presidency .  choice of alaska gov . .  sarah palin is `` shockingly irresponsible , '' he says .  begala says choice makes mccain 's age , health , and judgment central issue .
 afghan elders to decide on immunity for u.s. forces <sec> the loya jirga , a gathering of elders , will decide on immunity , afghan president karzai says .  karzai says he thinks the loya jirga `` is always reasonable '' and will grant immunity .  karzai says he is confident that afghan troops can provide security after nato leave .
 human remains found in georgia near where woman disappeared in 2009 <sec> remains are being tested to see if they are those of kristi cornwell .  cornwell was last seen in august 2009 .  results on tests to be announced monda .
 commentary : yes , we can eradicate malaria <sec> dr. anthony fauci : eradicating malaria was dismissed as impossible .  he says a reassessment shows the disease can be wiped out over time .  fauci says malaria sickens 250 million and kills nearly a million a year .  fauci says it will take coordinated effort , including more researc .
 british 'rich list ' mirrors epl clubs ' fortunes <sec> derby victory gives arsenal the edge in race for champions league place .  win at 10-man fulham comes as shareholder alisher usmanov is named uk 's richest .  it lifts club above chelsea , owned by fellow russian billionaire roman abramovich .  former rich list leader lakshmi mittal drops to fifth as relegation looms for his club qp .
 4 people killed when car bomb explodes near iraqi governor 's office <sec> the blast happened in irbil , the capital of the kurdistan regional government .  it 's not immediately clear who was killed and who was responsibl .
 new jersey officially apologizes for slavery <sec> new jersey is first state in the north to apologize for slavery in legislation .  new jersey had 12,000 slaves , one of the largest in the northern colonies .  the state was the last to emancipate slaves , in 1846 .  the resolution will become official when filed with secretary of stat .
 germany ends information sharing pact with britain , united states <sec> germany cancels an information-sharing pact with the united states and britain .  the agreement dates back to the cold war era .  german foreign minister says move is the necessary response to recent privacy debates .  claims by u.s. leaker edward snowden of mass surveillance have upset some german .
 nba strategy to force sterling to sell centers on documents he signed <sec> nba strategy to include some documents that included morals clauses , source tells cnn .  league 's finance committee meets about forcing sterling to sell team , will meet again next week .  sterling friend tommy lasorda says he is not surprised by the owner 's remarks .  clippers play a road playoff game on wednesday nigh .
 the raunchy bear returns in 'ted 2 ' trailer <sec> the film is a sequel to the successful 2012 film .  seth macfarlane returns as the writer/director .  the movie is out june 2 .
 family of slain chilean singer victor jara seeks justice in u.s . <sec> famous chilean singer victor jara was killed in 1973 .  he was among the first victims of a military dictatorship .  a former chilean officer living in the u.s. is accused of the killing .  he has denied accusation .
 chuck lorre 's latest vanity card knocks erratic , junkie performer <sec> chuck lorre 's latest vanity card slams an actor .  the card aired after `` the big bang theory '' on the east coast .  `` the monkey is a heroin addict , '' lorre sai .
 google 's got a new way to surf the internet , hawaiian style <sec> google search terms now available in hawaiian .  keola donaghy spent 100 hours translating for `` google in your language '' program .  hawaiian is considered a `` critically endangered '' language by the u.n . .  it is the only native american language available in google search preference .
 opinion : what i share with angelina jolie <sec> like angelina jolie , allison gilbert had two preventive cancer surgeries to remove her ovaries and fallopian tubes and later her breasts .  gilbert : jolie 's disclosure about her surgeries has brought needed attention to this surgical option for carriers of insidious brca1 gen .
 why hillary clinton should take a pay cut ( opinion ) <sec> sally kohn : april 14 is equal pay day , and hillary clinton should make an announcement about wage gap .  clinton should say that if elected , she will take a 23 % pay cut to stand in solidarity with working wome .
 interview with rinko kikuchi <sec> rinko kikuchi was oscar-nominated for her performance in the film `` babel '' .  she has recently worked with karl lagerfeld as the new face of channel .  she challenges the traditional demure image of the japanese woma .
 report : manufacturers lost track of more than 16,000 guns since 2009 <sec> brady center slams gun makers ' `` scandalous record of carelessness '' .  report suggests some of the missing guns may not have serial numbers .  gun industry advocate calls the report 's implications `` absolutely ridiculous .
 jockey pips kofi annan to portrait prize <sec> a portrait of jockey katie walsh has won a prestigious photography prize .  briton spencer murphy received a $ 19,000 check for the shot of the irishwoman .  walsh is pictured in the colors of the racehorse seabass .  a picture of former un secretary general kofi annan was awarded third plac .
 reports : cancún police chief questioned in general 's killing <sec> mexican media says local chief put under house arrest for 45 days .  with francisco velasco delgado 's removal , military takes control of police .  mayor : delgado 's detainment to `` facilitate all types of investigations '' into murder .  retired general killed after being area 's anti-drug chief for less than 24 hour .
 u.n. inspectors set to look over north korean ship in panama <sec> u.n. personnel will inspect the military equipment carried by a north korean ship .  the ship was intercepted in panama last month .  authorities found missiles , two mig-21 jets and mor .
 2 killed in fighting in syrian city <sec> new : fighting erupts in the syrian city of homs .  u.s. ambassador was among those visiting northern syria .  a human rights official says dozens of peaceful protesters are arrested in aleppo .  more than 10,000 syrian refugees reportedly have crossed the border into turke .
 johnny manziel unlimited , unleashed -- and under ncaa investigation <sec> johnny manziel is under investigation amid allegations of being paid to sign items .  `` johnny football '' became the first freshman winner of the heisman trophy in 2012 .  texas a & m coach forbade him from speaking to the media like other freshmen .  once the ban was lifted , manziel tweeted photos of himself gambling , partyin .
 anti-government protesters call off rally in thailand <sec> new : anti-government protesters call off a rally they had planned for tuesday .  rally called off because 1,500 troops have been stationed along a bangkok road .  protesters demanding pm dissolve government , hold new elections and leave country .  at least 25 people killed in deadly police-protester clashes earlier this mont .
 stowaway teen says he was trying to see mom in somalia , official says <sec> new : unidentified 15-year-old is in a hospital in hawaii , official says .  teen told investigators he was trying to get to somalia to see his mother .  he traveled from california to hawaii in plane 's landing gear hold .  teen jumped san jose airport fence shortly after 1 a.m. on sunday , official say .
 missing leg no problem for pro kiteboarder <sec> sean reyngoudt is a professional kiteboarder , which includes dangerous stunts .  he learned the sport after losing his leg in an accident .  before his accident , reyngoudt played football , baseball , soccer and ran track .  reyngoudt : `` live life every day as you can and enjoy it .
 lead clean-up in nigerian village is life-or-death race against time <sec> outbreak of lead poisoning has killed 163 in remote northern nigerian state .  many local men are gold miners , they bring home ore for wives and children to crush .  ore contains extremely high levels of lead .  villagers trying to clear contaminated topsoil and bury it .  clean-up is a race against time , as seasonal rains are comin .
 46-year-old hopkins becomes boxing 's oldest world champion <sec> bernard hopkins claims wbc light heavyweight title from jean pascal .  at 46 years , 126 days , hopkins is boxing 's oldest world champion .  legendary heavyweight george foreman previously held the recor .
 new saudi king 's big challenges : yemen , iran and isis <sec> yemen 's pro-saudi government has crumbled amid sectarian unrest .  saudi arabia also faces difficulties in its cold war with iran and the fight against isi .
 chinese government cracks down on mooncakes <sec> chinese officials are no longer able to use public money to send mooncakes as gifts .  the new restriction is part of a campaign against corruption .  mooncakes are pastries filled with egg yolk and lotus seed paste .  expensive mooncake gifts have become important in chinese business cultur .
 from dishwasher to al qaeda leadership : who is adnan shukrijumah ? <sec> fbi says adnan shukrijumah started out as a dishwasher and worked his way up .  investigators allege he is the director of al qaeda 's overseas operations .  fbi agent calls him `` extremely dangerous '' .  his mother says he is not a violent person and authorities are using him as a scapegoa .
 top republican : loretta lynch is a 'top-flight person ' <sec> gop sen. orrin hatch , a longtime senate judiciary committee member , says obama 's attorney general pick is a `` top-flight person '' .  u.s. attorney loretta lynch would replace outgoing attorney general eric holde .
 kuwaiti prime minister to visit iraq <sec> new : death toll rises to six as bomb kills two iraqi soldiers in diyala province .  visit by kuwaiti leader comes as iraq works to improve ties with its arab neighbors .  iraq has been asking gulf states to waive debts from the saddam hussein era .  iraq visit by jordan 's king last month was first by arab head of state since 2003 wa .
 opinion : agencies often miss warning signs of attacks <sec> peter bergen : too often the warning signs of terrorism are missed .  he says before an attack , it 's difficult to sort out the signals from the noise .  agencies often will fail to widely communicate information in time to prevent attacks , he says .  bergen : such failures became apparent after 9/11 attacks , fort hood shooting .
 madame tussauds unveils 13th waxwork of michael jackson <sec> waxwork is the 13th of jackson unveiled by the london tourist attraction .  model had been commissioned before singer 's death to coincide with london concerts .  only queen elizabeth ii has been portrayed more often by the museu .
 riderless horse adds poignancy to military burials <sec> riderless horses honor high-ranking fallen u.s. troops , government officials .  many recall horse with empty saddle during 1963 jfk funeral .  army 's ceremonial `` old guard '' unit prides itself on its military funerals .  tradition of riderless horses at funerals dates to ancient rome , soldier say .
 light in the darkness : iraq 's solar powered clinic <sec> cnn visited one of only three solar-powered clinics in whole of iraq .  despite setbacks , clinic doctor is optimistic clinic will benefit from solar .  grid is unreliable , medicines can not be stored ; hopes solar will eliminate problem .
 young syrian amputee makes dangerous journey to find help <sec> 11-year-old abdulrahman lost his leg during a rocket attack is syria .  abdulrahman 's brother omar promised his younger brother that he would walk again .  the two brothers navigated the dangerous trek across the turkish border to get help .  u.s.-based group is working to get abdulrahman the medical care he need .
 did bachmann wound front-runner perry at cnn/tea party debate ? <sec> most of debate centers on texas gov . .  rick perry -- usually a sign a candidate is winning .  rep. michele bachmann goes after perry on his hpv vaccine order for schoolgirls .  ex-massachusetts gov . .  mitt romney again attacks perry on social security .  perry 's status as gop front-runner remains intact , at least for the momen .
 spitzer wo n't be charged in prostitution scandal <sec> no evidence that eliot spitzer misused public or campaign funds , u.s. attorney says .  spitzer linked to service that authorities say was prostitution ring .  then-n.y. governor resigned in marc .
 a year after genocide trial , has justice been done ? <sec> a year ago , efrain rios montt was found guilty of genocide .  but the verdict was overturned within 10 days .  the attorney general and judge in the case have had their jobs affected .  some say it is in retaliation for prosecuting rios mont .
 hawaii volcano : lava flow stalls , but threat not over <sec> new : front of lava flow does n't budge , `` but there 's lots of activity behind it , '' official says .  new : he says residents ready to evacuate are `` very upset , distraught , frustrated '' .  new : a geologist says `` the flow is still active ; '' things could change at any moment .  the lava flow on hawaii 's big island began in june ; houses and roads are threatene .
 former ohio rep. james traficant dies <sec> former ohio rep. james traficant dies at 73 .  he had been in critical condition following a farm accident .  traficant was known for his hair and ending speeches with `` beam me up ! '' .  he was expelled from congress after being convicted of briber .
 opinion : when helping earth was women 's work <sec> nancy unger : on earth day , liberals and conservatives show polarization on conservation .  but conservative women were early conservation supporters because of role as mothers .  she says they held traditional roles as protector of children , health .  unger : men dismissed them as frivolous , but women decried men rapaciously damaging eart .
 police : 'no known suspects ' in 8 georgia deaths <sec> police : someone not in custody may have information about the deaths .  seven found dead saturday at mobile home park residence in brunswick , georgia .  one other victim died sunday , 9th victim still in critical condition sunday .  police said they have been called to the home before , but would not say wh .
 ferrari boss slams f1 'hypocrisy ' after alonso controversy <sec> ferrari president accuses critics of fernando alonso 's german gp win of hypocrisy .  ferrari fined $ 100,000 and may face more punishment after controversial incident .  felipe massa appeared to let alonso pass after being told by team to slow down .  red bull team boss christian horner criticized the italian marque 's race strateg .
 darrell hammond takes over as 'snl ' announcer <sec> darrell hammond was longtime `` snl '' cast member .  hammond is known for his impressions .  `` saturday night live '' returns sept. 27 for 40th seaso .
