 al qaeda loses its english-language inspiration <sec> al-awlaki and samir khan were two important english-language voices for al qaeda .  al-awlaki built up a large following in the united states and the united kingdom .  many who carried out or attempted various attacks have connections to him .  at least one highly visible english-language propagandist remains : adam gadah .
 fidel castro slams 'assassination ' of unarmed bin laden <sec> castro says `` assassination '' is an `` abhorrent act '' .  he criticizes bin laden for `` international terrorism '' .  he says attack shows `` fear and insecurity .
 parahawking with vultures though the skies of nepal <sec> in parahawking , egyptian vultures guide paragliders to sky `` thermals '' .  paragliders hold raw buffalo meat in their fists to reward the birds for guiding them .  with each flight , about $ 10.50 is donated to vulture conservation projects in nepa .
 why there is no peace time for women <sec> once armed conflicts finish , undeclared war on women continues , says widney brown .  the proliferation of weapons facilitates acts of rape and torture , she says .  on march 18 , the final negotiations for an arms trade treaty will begin in new york .  brown says an effective arms trade treaty is vital in ending the war on wome .
 cuts needed in iraq to bolster afghanistan , marine chief says <sec> marines in iraq 's once-volatile anbar province could leave , general says .  anbar attacks down to a few a day , gen. james conway says .  marines could have greater effect in afghanistan , conway say .
 lesotho prime minister alleges army coup attempt <sec> new : lesotho pm is in hiding out of fear for his life , according to a south african official .  prime minister thomas thabane says an attempted coup has taken place .  lesotho is a mountainous nation of 2 million people landlocked by south afric .
 colombia 's farc : some hostages to be freed ; ransom kidnappings to stop <sec> new : the leftist rebels say they will stop kidnapping civilians for money .  the colombian president cheers news of the expected release .  the farc has been at war with the colombian government since the 1960 .
 james bond on her majesty 's secret service <sec> bob greene : one of the most memorable olympic moments was n't in a sporting event .  he says the video of queen elizabeth and james bond actor daniel craig was striking .  this year celebrates the queen 's 60th anniversary on the throne and bond 's 50 years in film .
 corpse flower set to come alive <sec> a corpse flower at the u.s. botanic garden will bloom for the first time ever .  native to the rainforests of sumatra , indonesia , they take years to bloom .  when they start blooming , they get very hot and stink .
 'save excalibur ' fails : madrid euthanizes ebola patient 's dog <sec> madrid health authorities euthanize the dog , which will be cremated .  excalibur the dog belonged to ebola patient teresa romero ramos .  romero tested positive for the virus and is in isolation .  studies on dogs transmitting the disease are not conclusiv .
 captured dolphins are n't smiling <sec> dolphins seem to be smiling , but captive ones experience stress , fisher stevens says .  stevens says captive dolphin trade leads to slaughter of the animals .  until we make marine parks obsolete , dolphin trade will continue , stevens say .
 africa does n't need our 'pity ' <sec> john sutter talks with the woman behind a movement called `` stop the pity '' .  the group unveiled a new video at sxsw that aims to shift attitudes about africa .  sutter : the group focuses on empowerment as a form of aid , not guil .
 ricin suspect ordered held without bond <sec> new : more details of investigation expected to be unsealed this week .  magistrate orders james everett dutschke held without bond .  dutschke is charged with possessing and using ricin as a weapon .  he is accused of sending letters containing ricin to president barack obama and other .
 nigeria 's home-grown oil firm takes on global players <sec> nigerian oil exports worth $ 59 billion last year .  seawolf oilfield services is nigeria 's only offshore drilling contractor .  seawolf ceo says there are not enough skilled nigerians in oil and gas industr .
 michigan employee with blog on gay student takes leave of absence <sec> new : university of michigan wo n't allow blogger on campus .  michigan assistant attorney general takes leave of absence .  he 's been under fire for blogging about gay college student .  attorney general previously defended andrew shirvell 's right to blog on own tim .
 new orleans officer fired in '05 beating can go back to job <sec> appeals court orders reinstatement of officer in videotaped bourbon street incident .  officer had appealed to city 's civil service commission , which upheld termination .  newspaper : beaten man 's suit against city settled last month for undisclosed su .
 opinion : gop race for 2016 is wide open <sec> david frum : chris christie , the leader among moderates , may not be a 2016 gop contender .  lack of a clear favorite may open way for gop activists to pick the nominee , he says .  candidates such as ted cruz and rand paul look more plausible , frum says .  frum : old rules about how gop picks a candidate may be thrown asid .
 reebok drops rick ross over lyric apology fallout <sec> rick ross ' song `` u.o.e.n.o . '' .  seems to describe date rape .  public was dissatisfied with ross ' tepid apologies .  ross failed to show `` appropriate level of remorse , '' sportswear label say .
 vast waters hide clues in hunt for malaysia airlines flight 370 <sec> malaysia airlines says financial assistance has been given to families .  interpol tweets it 's `` examining additional suspect # passports '' .  vietnamese navy finds new debris ; thai navy expands search area .  radar data suggest the missing plane may have turned back , officials sa .
 wes anderson on 'moonrise kingdom ' and its unfamiliar reality <sec> wes anderson 's `` moonrise kingdom '' is about young lovers who reunite and run away .  the film stars bruce willis , francis mcdormand , tilda swinton , ed norton .  anderson : `` i want the movie to happen in a place where the audience has never been .
 louisville 's ware thinking of his team , not his broken leg <sec> waking up to a trophy in the hospital was `` basketball christmas , '' ware says .  `` this is all god 's plan , '' he says about the setback .  `` i just lost it , '' his mother adds about son 's grotesque injur .
 germany seeks to prosecute former nazi camp guard living in u.s . <sec> johann breyer was a guard at auschwitz , where more than 1 million people were killed .  he denies persecuting anyone , saying he was only a perimeter guard .  breyer , in the u.s. for 60 years , won a legal battle to keep u.s. citizenship in 2003 .  his case is similar to that of john demjanjuk , who died this yea .
 opinion : after detroit , replace public pensions <sec> sen. orrin hatch : cities including detroit struggling to pay public worker pensions .  he says a better system would let cities buy annuities for workers through insurance firms .  hatch : new system is needed to protect workers and taxpayer .
 midterms : the sobering message for obama ( opinion ) <sec> david gergen : president has to find shrinking democratic ranks in congress sobering .  gergen says republicans were smart in their choice of more moderate candidates this year .  at least 100 women will serve in congress , a threefold increase over 25 years .  gergen : here comes another generation of the bush family in public offic .
 u.s. goalie draws inspiration from '99 team , strength from fans <sec> hope solo was only 17 when the u.s. women won the 1999 world cup .  she says she was inspired by her predecessors .  but the 2011 team wants to leave its own legacy .  in turn , she wants to be a good role model to younger american .
 man with first u.s. face transplant marries fellow burn victim <sec> dallas wiens and jamie nash , both severe burn victims , marry .  wiens was the first person to undergo a full face transplant in the united states .  nash suffered burns on more than 70 % of her body after a car crash .  `` i am dallas ' eyes while he has my heart , '' she say .
 pope francis , humble , authentic and credible <sec> cardinal jorge mario bergoglio of buenos aires is selected as pope .  christopher bellitto : at first glance , francis seems to bring authenticity and credibility .  he says that for too long , people have felt distanced from priests and vatican .  bellitto : francis has many challenges ahead ; we will have to see how he deals with the .
 diy plastic surgery leads to horrific injuries <sec> apryl brown almost died after getting cheap butt injections .  some people are ordering cheap injections online and self-injecting .  fda-approved dermal filler devices are not approved for self-injectio .
 americans , ugandans team up to create orphan home <sec> orphanage starts with 23 children in sarah kamara 's ramshackle home .  american college student brittany merrill raises funds to build bigger orphan home .  vision for orphan home grows out of meeting between the two women in 2004 .  ranch on jesus orphanage will house 180 orphans in mutungo at capacit .
 civil war prisoner 's letter : 'hopeing the scene may soon change ' <sec> georgia southern university acquires letter written by prisoner of war .  the union soldier wrote it from confederate prison camp near millen , georgia .  georgia southern students have unearthed more artifacts from prison sit .
 mma fighter war machine attempts suicide in las vegas <sec> jonathan koppenhaver leaves behind a suicide note .  his ex-girlfriend says he assaulted her in august .  `` i 'm so cursed , '' he says after the alleged assaul .
 abducted philly woman found alive in maryland <sec> carlesha freeland-gaither , 22 , is `` doing about as well as you can expect '' .  delvin barnes admitted to the abduction , according to a criminal complaint .  he waives extradition to virginia , where he faces other charges ; no bail set .  freeland-gaither was found 3 days later in maryland ; barnes did n't know he .
 cnn student news - august 29 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call . .  the weekly newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the new .
 'hail modi ' : meet the indian pm 's uncanny lookalike <sec> the bearded man in the orange waistcoat and white lotus badge is used to getting mobbed -- but he is n't the indian pm , narendra modi . .  a school teacher by profession , impersonator left his career one year ago to fully devote himself to spread modi 's message .  pathak has written a letter to the prime minister asking for security -- and modi 's old clothe .
 police : gunman faces six counts of attempted murder in school shooting <sec> man arrested after incident at southern california school .  several shots were fired ; two students suffered minor injuries .  construction workers detain gunma .
 boy george guilty of imprisoning escort <sec> boy george convicted by jury in london of falsely imprisoning male escort .  norwegian audun carlsen said star beat him with metal chain after photo shoot .  singer told police he handcuffed carlsen while he investigated tampered compute .
 three die in detroit marathon <sec> second deputy chief john roach : all three deaths occurred between 9 and 9:20 a.m . .  man in his 60s fell hit his head ; two men others , ages 36 and 26 , collapsed .  race was detroit free press/flagstar marathon in detroit , michiga .
 psy hopes for another viral smash hit with gangnam sequel <sec> the new song is a sequel to the worldwide hit `` gangnam style '' .  psy worked with the same music video team and choreographer behind his viral hit .  the first live performance will be on saturday in front of 50,000 fan .
 battles for key cities of aleppo , damascus heat up in syrian civil war <sec> 200 people have been killed across syria on thursday , an opposition group says .  turkey 's prime minister says it is considering plans for a buffer zone in northern syria .  helicopter gunships flew over aleppo and damascus , opposition activists say .  `` they must stop fighting and killing people now , '' u.n. secretary-general say .
 india files murder charges against suspects in brutal gang rape <sec> victim 's body returned to india , cremated .  u.s. embassy offers its condolences .  gang rape of a 23-year-old in new delhi galvanizes the nation .  human rights watch says india has a widespread problem of sexual violenc .
 former addict gives homeless veterans a second chance <sec> roy foster 's program helps veterans facing addiction and homelessness .  foster , an army vet , struggled with alcoholism and drug abuse .  since 2000 , about 900 vets have found life-changing help at foster 's facility .  vote now for the cnn hero of the year at cnn.com/heroe .
 can cuba become the bread basket of north america ? <sec> cuba has new opportunities following historic deal with u.s . .  economic liberalization already occurring with 500,000 privately employed .  biotech , tourism , and agriculture could boom , internet should be dramatically improved .  the new alliance will not remove mutual suspicio .
 oregon 's death penalty halt merciful and right <sec> mark osler : oregon governor drew some angry reactions to convict 's execution reprieve .  but executive clemency part of oregon law , osler says , an act of principle , not cowardice .  osler : it 's right to resist process that pulls prosecutors , jurors , families into flawed system .  gov . .  kitzhaber should go further and commute death row sentences , osler say .
 snowplow driver held in moscow over total plane crash <sec> new : judge orders snowplow driver involved in crash to be held in pretrial detention .  director general of the airport and his deputy resign from their posts .  four other people are detained over a crash that killed the head of a french oil firm .  total ceo christophe de margerie and three others were killed in the crash in mosco .
 working title : 'british movies can do hollywood-style business ' <sec> award-winning producers tim bevan and eric fellner began their partnership in 1992 .  they are responsible for some of the uk movie industry 's biggest successes .  they talk exclusively about their collaboration , the future of the industry and bad review .
 jackson family may be allowed burial at neverland ranch <sec> state officials say santa barbara county has to approve burial on private property .  jackson family also must fill out a two-page application and pay $ 400 .  neverland ranch was jackson 's home for almost two decades .  brother jermaine wants to see him buried at ranch ; father joe opposes ide .
 facebook assembles group to plan for disasters <sec> facebook organized a meeting of government and nonprofit groups to talk disasters .  facebook is considering offering more data or creating an internal think tank .  representatives from fema and the red cross were among those in attendanc .
 mourners to remember gay rights activist beaten to death <sec> weeping family and friends gathered at the scene as questions lingered .  david kato 's name was published on a list of the nation 's `` top homosexuals '' last year .  the ugandan tabloid story reignited anti-gay sentiments .  it was unclear whether his killing was tied to the front-page stor .
 6.0 -earthquake shakes southern mexico <sec> two days earlier , a 6.4-magnitude quake rattled the same region .  the earthquake hit southern mexic .
 pakistan is stronger after 'memogate ' <sec> mansoor ijaz : my disclosure of confidential memo touched off debate in pakistan .  ijaz 's opinion piece in the financial times led to resignation of pakistan 's ambassador to u.s . .  he says the discussion of the nature of pakistani democracy is good for that nation .  ijaz says an inquiry will bring to light the full facts of the matte .
 george clooney arrested in sudan protest <sec> new : clooney pays a $ 100 fine for misdemeanor charge .  clooney discussed sudan with president obama on thursday .  he recently traveled to sudan 's nuba mountains .  he says the sudanese government has bombed sites there , injuring and killing civilian .
 messi takes over as argentina captain for friendly <sec> lionel messi to captain argentina in friendly against venezuela .  match is taking place at the cricket stadium in kolkata in india .  argentina went out of the copa america at the quarterfinal stag .
 brutally cold winter weather will chill 70 % of the u.s . <sec> antarctica is warmer than much of the u.s. midwest .  heavy rains trigger mudslides in coastal region of washington state .  a second blast of arctic air will push all the way down to florida midwee .
 bayern hammer leverkusen to boost champions league hopes <sec> bayern munich beat title hopefuls leverkusen 5-1 to move into third in the bundesliga .  bayern need to finish in the top three to qualify for next season 's champions league .  germany striker mario gomez scores first-half hat-trick for the defending champions .  borussia dortmund go eight points clear of second-placed leverkuse .
 rebels claim 3 of gadhafi 's sons captured <sec> new : four other sons are either hiding or have run away , el gamaty says .  the arrest of mohammed gadhafi plays out as the son is on the phone with a news network .  heavy gunfire can be heard and the phone call abruptly ends .  the international criminal court said it will seek to transfer saif al-islam gadhafi into its custod .
 previously unknown language emerges in india <sec> koro is spoken by only about 800 people , few of them under the age of 20 .  linguists traveling in northeast india came upon the language .  koro was not listed in any indian language surveys or other sources .  koro 's sounds distinctly different from other tongues spoken in regio .
 florida school officials in prayer case could get jail time <sec> two florida school administrators accused of violating consent order on prayer .  if convicted , two could be sentenced to up to six months in prison and fined .  aclu sued district on behalf of students who alleged prayer held at school events .  parties agreed to consent decree in january ; aclu not part of criminal proceeding .
 'false bomb threats ' affect 5 flights in china <sec> new : police are investigating the threats to three chinese airlines .  five different flights to the southern city of shenzhen are affected .  two flights are rerouted and three are delayed .  the state-run news agency says the airlines received `` false bomb threats .
 will rouhani alter iran 's policy on syria ? <sec> syria conflict key issue for rouhani as he takes iran presidency .  will the centrist president withdraw iran 's unconditional support for assad ? .  rafizadeh says rouhani has not called for sweeping shift in iran 's foreign policy .  he says : `` iran under rouhani 's presidency is unlikely to change the current status quo .
 congress passes farm bill over bush veto <sec> new : senate votes 80-14 to approve measure over bush 's objections .  president bush vetoed $ 300 billion farm bill for second time .  bush says bill is too generous to wealthy farmers .  version originally sent to white house had 34 pages missin .
 plane passenger tries to open door during flight <sec> police board the plane in boston and take the unruly passenger into custody .  the commercial jet was flying to philadelphia when the incident occurred .  airline spokeswoman : the passenger seemed `` disoriented '' .  passengers restrained him , according to an airport authority spokesma .
 quake , tsunami near american samoa kills at least 22 <sec> new : white house declares major disaster ; orders federal aid .  u.s. sending plane with aid , officials to help american samoa .  magnitude-8.0 quake strikes near samoan islands early tuesday .  quake struck at depth of 7.4 miles , triggered three 5-foot tsunami .
 bangladesh strike over fuel price hike paralyzes daily life <sec> dhaka police put 13,000 officers in the streets in that one city , police chief says .  the usually busy streets of dhaka looked almost deserted of people , vehicles .  the opposition alliance launched the day-long general strike to protest an increase in fuel prices .  the opposition claims at least 400 protesters were arreste .
 'wire ' actress arrested in baltimore raid , police say <sec> new : actress is accused of conspiracy to distribute heroin .  pearson appeared on `` the wire '' from 2004-2008 .  she once worked for drug-runners in baltimor .
