 no bail for suspects in teen beating death <sec> they are accused of killing an 18-year-old at a house party in atlanta early sunday .  the attack on bobby maurice tillman was reportedly unprovoked .  57 witnesses were brought in for questionin .
 sinkhole eating family out of house and home <sec> a sinkhole slowly grows under florida home .  the couple awaits a resolution from insurance company as the hole grows .  it comes as new video is available of another sinkhole that killed a ma .
 annan : why we should grade countries on their elections <sec> kofi annan : democracy is a universal value and aspiration , unbound by region or culture .  annan : for democracy to fulfill its potential , we must have fair and credible elections .  he says threats to democracies -- both old and new -- must be overcome .  annan : we can grade countries on their elections and sound off alarms on electoral malpractic .
 injured tendulkar named in india 's cricket world cup squad <sec> sachin tendulkar named in india 's squad for upcoming cricket world cup .  37-year-old batsman strained his hamstring on saturday during country 's tour of south africa .  selectors confident he will be fit for the competition hosted by india , sri lanka and bangladesh .  three other injured players have been included in india 's squad for february 19 - april 2 even .
 dallas nurse nina pham reunited with dog after ebola <sec> dallas officials decided against putting bentley down .  the king charles spaniel was sent into a 21-day quarantine .  mayor : `` the human nature of this story made it poignant .
 marine vet who took grenade blast to receive medal of honor <sec> former marine cpl . .  william `` kyle '' carpenter will receive the medal of honor on june 19 .  he took a grenade blast in afghanistan , shielding a fellow marine , the white house says .  he will be the eighth living iraq , afghanistan veteran to receive the award .  `` i am just getting started , '' he says in a defense department vide .
 cathay crew , passengers hospitalized after turbulence <sec> cathay pacific flight cx879 from san francisco to hong kong hit by severe turbulence over japan .  two cabin crew and number of passengers injured in the incident , several taken to hospital .  follows similar incident on united airlines flight earlier in week in united state .
 federal investigators called in as colorado firefighters make progress <sec> sheriff : the black forest fire is treated as a crime scene , despite uncertainty .  the fire is 75 % contained , el paso county sheriff terry maketa says .  502 structures have been destroyed and two people have died .  the royal gorge fire , southwest of colorado springs , is now 100 % containe .
 torch relay in san francisco draws massive protest <sec> new : thousands march to the chinese consulate ahead of wednesday 's run .  torchbearer drops out , fearing protests , official says .  san francisco , california , is only u.s. venue on 23-city global tour .  demonstrators protest china 's tibet policy in cities along rout .
 netherlands apologizes for arrest of russian diplomat <sec> the netherlands apologizes to russia for arresting one of its diplomats in the hague .  dmitry borodin 's arrest violated his diplomatic immunity , the dutch foreign ministry says .  the netherlands and russia are in talks on how to resolve the inciden .
 'idol ' megan joy talks about being voted off <sec> megan joy dropped from `` american idol '' on wednesday night .  she had dismissed judge simon cowell 's criticism ; cowell dismissed her .  joy says `` idol '' has opened up new worlds for he .
 the aids quilt , and hoping for 'the last one ' <sec> the aids memorial quilt is on display this weekend in the national mall .  julie rhoad : quilt serves as reminder that aids continues to claim lives .  she says one day in the battle against aids , we will reach `` the last one '' .  rhoad : in the meantime , we can work together to help prevent hiv infection .
 arizona limits ethnic studies in public schools <sec> law bans classes that `` promote resentment '' of other racial groups .  gov . .  jan brewer approves the measure without public statement .  brewer 's signature comes less than a month after she signed immigration la .
 social security -- are you kidding me ? <sec> lz granderson : i 'm not counting on collecting social security .  he says relying on government to protect you is a mistake .  his generation is upset that politicians keep kicking can down the road , he says .  granderson : presidential candidates except for jon huntsman are ducking the issu .
 death in the desert : tribesmen exploit battle to reach israel <sec> every year , thousands attempt dangerous journey from african countries to israel .  few make it ; many bodies of unsuccessful refugees lie in morgue in el arish , egypt .  one man combs desert searching for corpses , ensuring they get dignified burial .  many refugees are enslaved and tortured ; women are raped by bedouin tribes of sina .
 mom charged with murder , torture in freezer deaths <sec> murder and torture charges for detroit mom after bodies found in her freezer .  prosecutors accuse mitchelle angela blair of killing her 13-year-old daughter and 9-year-old son .  their bodies were discovered in her freezer as she was evicted from her home last mont .
 feds nab kkk member , accomplice for lethal x-ray plot <sec> fbi : n.y. state men developed x-ray system capable of emitting deadly radiation .  the men were charged with conspiracy to provide support for the use of a wmd .  one man , a member of the kkk , said he would use the device to kill muslim .
 suspect in jill carroll kidnapping caught in iraq <sec> abu uthman suspected of masterminding jill carroll 's 2006 kidnapping .  uthman and another al qaeda in iraq suspect captured this month , military says .  carroll , a u.s. journalist , was abducted in 2006 but released unharmed weeks late .
 will european soccer 'disease ' spread to 2018 world cup ? <sec> soccer violence at euro 2012 sparks fears for 2018 world cup in russia .  russian fans fought with polish supporters ahead of group match in warsaw .  experts say the violence could have been prevented with more forethought .  polish authorities sanctioned a russian national day march through the cit .
 apparently this matters : shreddies fart filtering underwear <sec> shreddies are a flatulence-filtering underwear made in the uk .  designer used zorflex , activated carbon cloth traditionally used in chemical warfare suits .  bellini : they wor .
 a view from liberia : peace corps fights ebola <sec> even after peace corps volunteers were evacuated from liberia , staff remained there .  they 've been working to get prevention and treatment messages out to communitie .
 spanish football players threaten strike <sec> league says it `` does n't understand '' the players ' call to strike .  players spokesman says 22 spanish football clubs have had serious money problems .  spokesman says 300 players have filed complaints that they are owed back wage .
 u.s. fears venezuela could trigger regional arms race <sec> russia extends $ 2.2 billion in credit to venezuela to finance arms purchases .  secretary of state hillary clinton worries about arms race in south america .  relations tense between venezuela and neighboring colombia , a u.s. ally .  washington worries about hugo chavez 's deepening ties to iran as wel .
 faa probes plane 's landing on atlanta airport 's taxiway <sec> plane landed on taxiway instead of runway monday morning , faa says .  no other plane was on the taxiway ; aircraft was n't damaged .  the taxiway is parallel to a runway , but they 're marked differentl .
 schooled on hard knocks , wrestler educates others on brain injuries <sec> chris nowinski played football at harvard , then wrestled professionally .  still suffers effects of six concussions .  nowinski says athletes ignore dangers to get back in contests .  nfl says it is taking steps to study effects on player .
 blast rocks kabul near hagel 's briefing , killing 9 <sec> isaf commander says taliban still limited .  a suicide bomber detonated in kabul at the ministry of defense .  isaf headquarters and a military camp are nearby .  hagel is safe and unharmed ; no one at the military camp was injure .
 binghamton struggles to understand why gunman killed 13 <sec> new : suspected gunman 's action `` not a surprise '' to those who knew him , police say .  mayor : suspect spoke poor english , `` felt people were looking down on him '' .  president obama : `` i am heartbroken for the families '' .  fourteen people , including gunman , died friday in n.y. immigration center shooting .
 russia slams new sanctions against iran <sec> sanctions target the country 's petrochemical industry and its oil and gas business .  the united states announced tougher sanctions on iran this week .  canada prohibits almost all financial transactions with the iranian government .  british companies must end all banking ties to ira .
 opinion : why we need gmo labels <sec> david schubert : seed producers say there 's scientific consensus on gmo safety .  schubert : there is no evidence that gm food is safe for human consumption .  he says gm labeling will allow consumers to make an informed choice about what they eat .  schubert : it is critical for the public to educate itself about the realities of gmo .
 ohio terror plot suspect denied bond <sec> federal judge orders christopher lee cornell held without bond .  cornell is accused of planning to bomb u.s. capitol .  he planned to gun down people as they ran from the capitol , agents sa .
 uk to tighten airport security after failed bombing <sec> heathrow 's operator said it would begin subjecting passengers to full body scans `` as soon as practical '' .  move follows uk government 's approval of electronic body scanners , which pm gordon brown said was necessary .  security reviewed after failed effort to blow up a plane en route to the u.s. on christmas day .  nigerian-born umar farouk abdulmutallab will face his first court hearings in the u.s. on frida .
 brazil sentences two u.s. pilots to community service <sec> the two pilots were involved in a fatal plane crash in 2006 .  all 154 passengers and crew of a boeing 737 were killed .  the small plane they were piloting survived .  authorities say the two pilots were inexperience .
 the only way to defeat isis ( opinion ) <sec> ken ballen : ahmad al-shayea 's story shows what 's wrong with campaign against extremists .  he says shayea rejected al qaeda , was rehabbed by west , but returned to fight with isis .  west fails to realize : key to islamist fighters is muslim faith . .  military force wo n't win , he says .  ballen : muslims must fight their radicals ; u.s. can help expose leaders ' un-islamic hypocris .
 afghan militants target , kill female author , police say <sec> sushmita banerjee was kidnapped and killed in afghanistan , police say .  no one has claimed responsibility for her death , but police suspect militants .  banerjee wrote `` a kabuliwala 's bengali wife '' about her escape from the taliban .  she also was a health worker who helped women paktika province , police sa .
 pakistan arrests several who helped cia in bin laden case <sec> white house spokesman calls u.s. relationship with pakistan `` complicated , '' but `` vital '' .  cia director leon panetta talked with pakistani top brass about failed raids , a source says .  suspected cia informants were arrested after the bin laden raid , an official says .  the arrests could be another blow to the relationship between the u.s. and pakista .
 michigan teacher accused of having sex with student <sec> marcie rousseau accused of relationship with 16-year-old student .  she has pleaded not guilty to 29 counts of criminal sexual conduct .  rousseau is a 33-year-old married mother of tw .
 superstar opera singer : my destiny was decided before i was born <sec> sumi jo was the first asian opera singer to achieve worldwide success .  the south korean singer has made 50 recordings and 10 solo albums .  her mother decided she should be an opera singer before she was born , she sai .
 how thomas jefferson would have handled isis <sec> president obama launched strikes on isis in syria without congressional approval .  thomas jefferson launched war on the barbary pirates without congressional approval .  the conflict over protecting shipping routes was america 's first war on terro .
 coming to a movie theater near you <sec> with a crop of new releases , hollywood hopes 2010 will go out with a bang .  angelina jolie and johnny depp tangle in `` the tourist '' .  garrett hedlund gets pulled into the cyberworld of tron in `` tron : legacy .
 hank williams ' granddaughter born into music <sec> country music scion holly williams has new album out , `` here with me '' .  williams is daughter of hank jr. , granddaughter of hank sr . .  williams sings country , but influenced by '70s singer-songwriter .
 ribery inspires bayern but dortmund remain clear <sec> french international franck ribery scores twice as bayern munich defeat schalke 2-0 .  robert lewandowski also hits a double as borussia dortmund beat hanover 3-1 .  the results mean dortmund remain four points clear of bayern at top of bundesliga .  inter defeat puts pressure on claudio ranieri in ital .
 ukraine signs eu deal that sparked months of upheaval <sec> new : ukrainian president 's office : cease-fire is extended 72 hours .  ukraine 's petro poroshenko : eu document is `` a symbol of faith and unbreakable will '' .  the signing shows `` how dramatically things can change in a short time , '' he says .  state media : vladimir putin calls for `` substantial '' talks in ukraine , end to bloodshe .
 elian gonzalez makes first trip outside cuba since return from miami <sec> elian gonzalez was returned to cuba at age 6 after a tragic attempt to get to the u.s . .  he had not left cuba since then until now ; he is going to ecuador for a youth conference .  `` fidel castro for me is like a father , '' gonzalez said in a recent intervie .
 we 're just like you : readers support asperger 's community <sec> readers post more than 700 comments about loved ones with asperger 's .  experts say there 's no evidence of a link between autism disorders and violence .  `` kindness and empathy must be taught , '' mocking bird posted about bullie .
 twitter first to publish dramatic crash pictures <sec> twitter again first to break news after turkish airlines plane crashes .  plane from istanbul to amsterdam crashed 10:40 a.m local time .  first dramatic picture of crash appeared on twitte .
 zombies to show up at comic-con <sec> some comic-con attendees will become zombies to celebrate new film .  `` zombieland , '' starring woody harrelson , to debut in october .  comic-con draws more than 100,000 fans annuall .
 statue of liberty replica decapitated on youtube <sec> video shows statue of liberty replica blindfolded before it 's decapitated , smashed .  200-pound replica was stolen less than a month ago from vox pop coffee shop .  slogans `` we do n't want your freedom , '' `` death to america '' flash across screen .  cops say they are handling case as larcen .
 using tablets to reach kids with autism <sec> four years after ipad debuted , the autism community is still exploring how to use tablets .  the new flummox and friends app is a comedy show that helps kids with social skills .  tablets are popular with parents and educators , but not being used to full potential yet .  april is national autism awareness mont .
 pilot buries helicopter crash survivor in sand <sec> helicopter pilot buries injured passenger in sand to save him from hypothermia .  pilot dragged him from crocodile-infested mudflats in australia 's northern territory .  helicopter crashed as they flew in low over mudflats to look for the giant reptiles .  passenger remains hospitalized monday in serious but stable conditio .
 justice dept . 'peacekeepers ' worked 'trayvon ' rallies , group claims <sec> justice department unit worked rallies over trayvon martin shooting , judicial watch says .  the community relations service sent a `` secret team '' or `` peacekeepers '' to florida , group says .  crs long associated with efforts to mediate and difuse tense situations in communities .  man accused of shooting martin in 2012 , george zimmerman , on trial in florid .
 krishna poonia : star of india , champion of new society <sec> krishna poonia became first indian woman to win commonwealth games gold in track and field .  poonia won the women 's discus final at 2010 games hosted by new delhi .  the 32-year-old now mixes sports career with political and gender rights campaigning .  poonia is a strong advocate of woman 's rights to education and curbing `` male-dominated '' indian societ .
 opinion : justine sacco case shows how twitter can kill your career <sec> dean obeidallah : unwise tweets have ruined careers , reputations .  obeidallah : pr executive justine sacco was fired for her tweet about aids and africa .  he offers 8 ways to help people avoid the pitfalls of tweeting before thinking .  obeidallah : if you 're still in doubt about a tweet , use the `` fireme ! '' .  ap .
 one person dead , 130,000 acres burned in texas wildfires <sec> man accused of sparking one fire with a metal grinder .  more than 130,000 acres have burned in 63 fires in texas , the state forest service says .  at least one fatality is reported from fire , according to authorities .  calmer winds may help firefighters , forestry officials sa .
 were the wright brothers really first ? photo sparks flight fight <sec> newly found photo questions whether wright brothers made the first powered flight in 1903 .  connecticut legislature oks bill that says gustave whitehead flew first .  `` you ca n't legislate history , '' says smithsonian expert .  aviation historian john brown finds evidence pointing to powered flight in 190 .
 box office report : 'hansel and gretel ' wins with $ 19m <sec> `` hansel and gretel : witch hunters '' hunted down the no . .  1 spot at the box office .  the movie scored $ 19 million from 3,372 theaters .  `` parker '' and `` movie 43 '' were left with only bread crumbs in their sad debut fram .
 u.n. : hundreds killed in sri lanka weekend fighting <sec> u.n. : many hundreds of civilian deaths .  tamil tiger rebels fighting for independent state in sri lanka northeast since 1983 .  pro-tamil group accuses government of using heavy weapons on civilian areas .  sri lankan government denies claims , accuses the tamils of propaganda ploy .
 malaysia airlines flight 370 : next steps in the underwater search <sec> an australian navy ship is expected to keep searching a small area into tuesday .  it is trying to regain a signal that it picked up sunday that could be from flight 370 .  if it detects the pings again , it will deploy an underwater vehicle that can look for wreckage .  without a new signal , the possible area will be larger and take longer to searc .
 evangelist alamo sentenced to 175 years on sex charges <sec> charges included taking minors across state lines for sex .  alamo , 75 , is founder and leader of tony alamo christian ministries .  charges stem from 2008 raided of 15-acre compound near texarkana , arkansa .
 justice department seeks dismissal of jill kelley lawsuit <sec> socialite , husband sued , claiming her privacy was violated .  justice department asks dismissal of jill kelley 's suit .  scandal led to resignation of cia chief petraeu .
 bushfires rage in western australia <sec> investigators believe the fire was accidentally started .  at least 59 homes are destroyed by the flames .  a state natural disaster is declared by western australia 's premie .
 justices to rule on obama recess appointments <sec> president obama had appointed nlrb members during a senate holiday break .  lawmakers had used a `` virtual congress '' tactic to prevent such appointments .  a u.s. court of appeals had ruled the appointments unconstitutiona .
 whale activists say their catamaran was sunk by japanese vessel <sec> the incident continues an ongoing feud between conservation agencies and japanese whaling fleets .  activist statement says japanese vessel deliberately rammed the ady gil .  japanese fisheries agency blames the conservation group for the inciden .
 former transit officer appeals manslaughter conviction <sec> johannes mehserle was convicted in 2010 of killing an unarmed man .  the appeal to overturn the conviction was filed this week .  it was argued in a court hearing on wednesday .  grant 's family is angry that they were not informed about the hearin .
 'ode to defeat ' : zidane headbutt immortalized in bronze statue <sec> a bronze statue of zinedine zidane head-butting marco materazzi unveiled .  the piece outside paris ' pompidou museum is the work of adel abdessemed .  the headbutt occurred in the 2006 world cup final , which italy won on penalties .  zidane is regarded as one of the finest footballers in histor .
