 authorities discover 30 tons of marijuana , border tunnel <sec> new : `` it 's not a good day for the cartels , '' says ice director john morton . .  new : smugglers were caught in the act , morton says .  a 600-yard tunnel connected warehouses in tijuana and san diego , officials say .  26 tons of smuggled marijuana were found on the u.s. side and 4 in mexic .
 chris brown collaboration is typical rihanna , analysts say <sec> the artists ' remixes , `` birthday cake '' and `` turn up the music , '' hit the web on monday .  response to partnership has been negative , but remixes are doing well .  brown pleaded guilty in june 2009 to assaulting his then-girlfrien .
 jan brewer 's successor probably wo n't be as flamboyant <sec> jan brewer , who took on president obama over homeland security , will not seek reelection .  she became famous for signing the `` show me your papers '' law .  a conservative firebrand , brewer also has a moderate side on some issues .  pen , veto stamp still have `` plenty of ink , '' brewer warn .
 britain braces for worst storm in years <sec> new : a teenager is missing after being swept out to sea .  strong winds blew and heavy rains fell late sunday .  conditions are expected to worsen as the night progresses .  gusts of 60 to 70 mph are forecast in parts of england and wale .
 christian protesters decry muslim mob 's arson spree following blasphemy charge <sec> some throw stones at police , saying the government is n't adequately protecting christians .  more than 100 christian homes were set afire by a muslim mob .  the mob was outraged over a christian 's alleged anti-muslim remarks .  police : more than 150 suspects have been arrested in saturday 's arson spre .
 diplomat to u.n. : security council has failed in syria <sec> world has done `` literally nothing '' to stop carnage , says turkish official .  u.n. extends mandate of commission of inquiry .  chemical weapons moved for security reasons , u.s. defense secretary says .  clinton announces $ 45 million in aid to the oppositio .
 cuba and its dissidents move battle to the internet <sec> a leaked video appears to show an intelligence briefing about the internet .  the lecturer says the government must use the internet to its advantage .  only a small percentage of cubans have unrestricted internet acces .
 can japan 's music fans party again ? <sec> natural disaster and nuclear crisis has affected japan 's collective mood .  festivals and events have been cancelled ; fuji rock festival still planned for july .  organizer says ticket sales slower , but no bands have pulled out over nuclear fear .
 disabled punk band fights for right to party <sec> disabled punk bank heavy load have launched the `` stay up late '' campaign .  the band want disabled concert-goers to be able to enjoy gigs until the end .  disabled people often have to leave gigs early when their carers ' shifts end .  heavy load played last week at a london club night run by disabled peopl .
 fifa to probe new corruption claims <sec> soccer 's governing body faces more claims of corruption in world cup bidding process .  fifa to investigate the latest revelations made by a british newspaper on sunday .  its former secretary general was filmed identifying officials who can allegedly be bribed .  michel zen-ruffinen was dismissed in 2002 following claims against sepp blatte .
 online education as a 'global classroom ' <sec> in sub-saharan africa , 6 % of college-age students enroll in higher education .  internet and the growing availability of quality online education can change this .  koller : the conversation about accessibility shifts from `` where '' to `` ho .
 appeals court upholds challenged parts of texas abortion law <sec> wendy davis ' filibuster raised profile of the texas abortion law at center of court fight .  a lower court struck down 2 of its provisions ; an appeals court reverses that decision .  1 provision related to doctors who provide abortions having to be tied to a local hospital .  another challenged provision related to protocols for abortion-inducing drug .
 daughter calls mandela 's final months excruciating to watch <sec> daughter says nelson mandela 's death was a relief after he suffered so much .  archbishop desmond tutu has called mandela 's treatment in his final months `` disgraceful '' .  maki mandela says she questioned doctors about prolonging her father 's life .  but his medical team `` treated him with dignity and respect , '' she say .
 nebraska third grader dresses 'in character ' every day for school <sec> stella ehrhart , 8 , dresses as a different character each day for school in omaha , nebraska .  favorite characters include rosa parks , harriet tubman , helen keller .  stella says she never repeats characters because `` it 's better to focus on as much as we can '' .  all her costumes come from her closet , she and her mother sa .
 class conflict very strong , majority of americans say in poll <sec> perception of strong class conflict cuts across incomes , race and ideology .  a new pew poll found that 66 % of adults believe the conflict is `` very strong '' or `` strong '' .  the economy and occupy movement have fueled opinion , the survey 's author says .  but key attitudes toward the wealthy are largely unchange .
 two days of mass killings in iraq ; many victims iranian <sec> new : 60 dead in baghdad shrine attack , car bomber kills seven in diyala .  many dead , wounded in attack near baghdad shrine were iranians on pilgrimage .  many of the 87 killed on thursday were also shiite pilgrims from iran .  iran condemns attacks ; iranian pilgrims banned from crossing into ira .
 pentagon identifies missing , dead sailors in afghanistan <sec> new : family of missing sailor asks for privacy .  new : remains of one sailor are found on sunday .  american sailors went missing last week in eastern afghanistan .  the taliban says it killed one american during a firefight and is holding the othe .
 why north korean intelligence is so hard to read <sec> north korea has unleashed a torrent of dramatic threats against the u.s. and south korea .  the u.s. calculates that a test launch of mobile ballistic missiles could come at any time .  mike chinoy says it 's not the first time such an `` alarmist '' conclusion has been reached .  he suggests other u.s. agencies have disagree .
 'saved by the bell ' actor charged in bar stabbing <sec> diamond said he was acting to protect his girlfriend .  actor said he did n't intentionally stab anybody .  police said they found a knife in diamond 's vehicl .
 democrats losing patience with obamacare <sec> democrats say white house has until friday to come up with fix to obamacare problems .  that 's when house republicans will vote on bill reversing insurance cancellations .  bill clinton weighs in , says obama should honor the vows he made on coverage .  democratic senator has her own proposal to address health care issue .
 grieving mom plants desert oasis to honor son <sec> green life is a project to reforest desert areas of china .  initiative came about through tragic death of founder 's son .  non-profit has planed over 1 million trees over 11 year .
 police officer charged with murder makes $ 1 million bail <sec> new : father of alleged murder victim objects to release from jail .  family and friends of officer manuel ramos help raise money to free him .  ramos and his supporters pay $ 100,000 for a bond in lieu of bail .  second officer charged in homeless man 's death is free on $ 25,000 bai .
 feds : mississippi man pleads guilty in ricin-laced letters case <sec> james everett dutschke pleaded guilty in ricin case .  he was accused of making ricin , sending it in letters to obama , a senator and a judge .  authorities say dutschke concocted elaborate plo .
 pakistan cricket players leave britain <sec> the players have departed london .  all three were interviewed by police last week .  they are at the center of betting allegation .
 occupy 's new tactic has a powerful past <sec> katyal and peñalver : occupy wall street is shifting its focus to foreclosed homes .  this will help the movement build stronger ties with working class , the writers say .  katyal and peñalver : occupy connects to social movements with similar tactics .  occupy is forging tighter link between occupation and political objections , they sa .
 positive message about hiv/aids <sec> annie lennox : i wear `` hiv positive '' t-shirt to show my support for fighting the virus .  she says she became committed to the cause after hearing nelson mandela speak about it .  lennox says the goal is to end mother-to-child transmission of hiv by 2015 .
 somalia asks russia for help with pirates <sec> new : somalia wants russian warships to intervene ; russia rules out using force .  pirates captured ukrainian mv faina , loaded with weapons , off somalia 's coast .  officials fear weapons will get into terrorists ' hands .  ships from 10 countries , including u.s. , in region ; somalia fed up with inactio .
 obama , political elite remember civil rights icon dorothy height <sec> memorial service held for civil rights icon dorothy height , who died last week at 98 .  obama , biden , clinton among the mourners at packed national cathedral .  obama calls height 's life an `` unambiguous record of righteous work .
 bay bridge repairs will go into weekend <sec> new : `` we 're going to do everything we can to get the bridge open '' monday .  pieces of steel from bridge fell onto roadway on tuesday , forcing closure .  73-year-old bridge spans san francisco bay , carries about 280,000 vehicles daily .  bart has been swamped with riders since bay bridge close .
 perfection is backstage at cirque du soleil <sec> cirque du soleil 's `` kooza '' went looking for juggler with 11 world records .  anthony gatto beat actor patrick dempsey in juggling competition .  gatto practices six to seven hours to prepare for 10 minutes on stage .  says humidity and wind can affect his routin .
 pope francis ' embrace of a severely disfigured man touches world <sec> his encounter with man occurs at end of general audience .  the pope 's embrace in st. peter 's square went viral on social media .  tweet : `` i 'm an atheist , but the more i hear about pope francis , the more i like him .
 this little card is why people in hong kong do n't carry cash <sec> hong kong residents have a fairly cash-free life , especially on public transport .  the octopus card , already 17 years old , is now used for several types of commerce .  octopus sees a cashless society as a reality , especially in the asia-pacific regio .
 women gain wider access to power <sec> hanna rosin : the women 's vote did not turn out to be historic in this election .  rosin : but for the first time , women look less like outsiders in the political process .  for example , we elected a record number of women to the senate , she says .  rosin : we will debate less about women 's image and more about their actual policie .
 justice department sues puerto rico police , alleging racial bias <sec> the suit says the prpd discriminated against a female officer for 3 years .  it says a co-worker used slurs disparaging her race , color , and religion .  the justice department seeks monetary damages and corrective action .  the department and puerto rico signed a deal last week to reform the troubled forc .
 myanmar swears in new president <sec> in february , myanmar convened its first parliament in more than two decades .  myanmar , also known as burma , has been under military rule since 1962 .  the president named 30 ministers and 39 deputy ministers to his government .  the new constitution now requires more than 100 military nominees in parliamen .
 first indian round-the-world sailor braves 'furious ' weather <sec> dilip donde is the first indian sailor ever to attempt a round-world solo voyage .  donde has had to battle giant waves and furious winds on his almost-year-long trip .  if he successfully completes the voyage , he will arrive back in mumbai in mid-may .  the sailor spoke to cnn about fear and his various states of min .
 british soldier killed in afghan blast <sec> british soldier killed on new year 's day by blast in afghanistan .  soldier served with the 6th battalion the rifles in helmand province .  he was on patrol in garmsir district when he was kille .
 china to keep one-child policy <sec> china to keep one child policy for at least another decade , minister says .  about 200 million chinese will reach child-bearing age in the next 10 years .  china 's population is growing at the rate of 0.6 percent .  currently at 1.3 billion , it is expected to peak around 1.6 billion by 205 .
 appreciation : lou reed , the minimalist god <sec> rock icon , artist and pop pioneer lou reed died sunday .  reed challenged the status quo with the velvet underground and in his solo career .  even at his art 's bleakest , reed 's work had an undercurrent of humo .
 judge in spain train crash widens charges to rail infrastructure firm <sec> judge widens charges to individuals at spain 's state-run rail infrastructure firm , adif .  the charges are against those responsible for track safety at the site of the crash .  driver francisco jose garzon already faces preliminary charges in the derailment .  the derailment , near santiago de compostela , killed 79 people , injured scores mor .
 man arrested in colorado mall bomb attempt <sec> new : authorities : bomb suspect to make first court appearance wednesday .  new : suspect earl albert moore caught at boulder grocery store .  no connection found to columbine anniversary , authorities sa .
 tax credits for religious school scholarships argued before justices <sec> arizona gives tax credits for money donated for private school scholarships .  four taxpayers filed suit , saying this amounts to government aid to religious schools .  justice anthony kennedy could be the deciding vote on a split cour .
 5 highlights from saturday at the sochi olympics <sec> americans beat the russians in a shootout in early-round hockey game .  american matthew antoine wins bronze in men 's skeleton .  american favorite shani davis does n't medal in men 's 1,500-meter speed skating .  russians dominate in men 's short-track skating and austrians in women 's super- .
 how will isis use media in war it provoked ? <sec> isis has goaded u.s. president barack obama into reacting , writes peter busch .  he says terror groups crave attention -- and obama 's giving them that .  provoking and unsettling is a major part of isis media strategy , busch writes .  media message could attract disaffected muslims from west , he say .
 'dwts ' cohorts defend julianne hough over blackface costume <sec> hough had darkened her skin for halloween party .  `` dancing with the stars '' friends say she made a mistake .  her brother hopes she will be forgive .
 jeremy lin : the nba 's breath of fresh air <sec> lin is the first u.s.-born player of chinese or taiwanese descent to play in the nba .  in just weeks he 's gone from one-time bench-warmer to team savior .  he has led the knicks to five straight victories and averaged more than 20 points per game .  lin is the first harvard graduate to play in the league for almost 60 year .
 pearl islands beckon beach bums , snorkelers , 'survivor ' fans <sec> `` survivor '' and similar shows have been filmed on panama 's pearl islands .  the island of contadora is a 20-minute flight from panama city .  beaches and marine exploration are the main sources of entertainmen .
 la nina to blame for australian floods <sec> australia emerging from strongest la nina on record .  la nina is associated with strong wet weather patterns in australia .  the weather patterns create warm seas that lead to heavy rains .  scientists have been compiling data from aborigines to get a grip on long-term pattern .
 under 16s 'too young ' for catwalk <sec> panel : under 16s too vulnerable to work as models , recommends catwalk ban .  reports says 17- and 18-year-olds also vulnerable , need chaperoning .  inquiry launched in wake of size zero debate .  deaths of two models , who died in past year , blamed on weight issue .
 u.s. military chief dubious about arming syrian rebels <sec> the top u.s. military officer says `` a number of players '' are involved in syria .  arming the opposition should wait `` until we 're a lot clearer about ... who they are , '' he says .  dempsey says intervention in syria would be more difficult than in liby .
 five european bike rides for amateurs <sec> these five routes are less punishing than the tour de france .  a tour in germany pairs biking with beer gardens .  the mediterranean island of mallorca offers seaside views and amazing accommodation .
 vick signing a test of philly 's famed brotherly love <sec> michael vick signs deal with philadelphia eagles , could play in october .  craigslist ticket seller says he , son do n't want to see `` vick in an eagles jersey '' .  several eagles fans tell cnn affiliates they are excited by prospect of vick 's arrival .  animal lovers still reluctant to give vick a chance after almost two years in priso .
 chavez 's impact on venezuela lauded at funeral <sec> new : funeral includes traditional music , honor guards .  new : vice president nicolas maduro gives an impassioned speech .  maduro will be sworn in friday as interim president .  chavez will be laid to rest at a military museum , where venezuelans can visi .
 matheus late show stuns arsenal ; roma fightback to defeat bayern <sec> a late brace from braga striker matheus sinks arsenal in portugal .  chelsea come from behind to beat msk zilina 2-1 and maintain 100 percent record .  real madrid put four past ajax but have alonso and ramos sent off late on .  roma comeback from two goals down to beat bayern munich 3-2 in rom .
 residents of south korean island fleeing ahead of military drills <sec> residents of yeonpyeong island are caught in the middle of korean tensions .  south korea has said it will hold live-fire drills next week near the island .  villagers are afraid north korea will make good on its threat to retaliat .
 cnn student news - september 26 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 swine flu no worse than regular flu , napolitano says <sec> janet napolitano : epidemiologists note severity of swine flu same as regular flu .  mexico city will reopen government offices and restaurants wednesday .  who has no plans to raise alert level to 6 .  centers for disease control : 286 confirmed cases across 36 states in u.s .
 hong kong 's light pollution 'worst in the world ' <sec> hong kong university study finds hong kong is the most light polluted city on earth .  two-year study finds parts of city to be 1,000 times above international standards .  author says upward pointing lights and advertising hoarding add to light pollution .  even remote parts of hong kong are as much as 100 times international norm .
 syria rebels , kurdish militia discuss cease-fire <sec> clashes in aleppo on saturday left at least 21 fighters dead , more than 100 people kidnapped .  the free syrian army , or fsa , is mostly sunni muslim and is fighting syria 's government .  the kurdish democratic union party , or pyd , says it represents syria 's oppressed kurds .  expert : fsa distrusts pyd 's secular outlook ; pyd is wary of fsa 's `` pan-islamic worldview .
 on the scene : e l james talks 'fifty shades ' with katie couric <sec> 'katie ' went kinky for e l james ' appearance .  james is not her erotic characters : she is shy and normal .  james has not changed her life for her fam .
 georgia 's first execution of woman in 70 years delayed <sec> state postpones kelly gissendaner 's execution because of a threat of bad weather .  she was sentenced to death for a murder plot targeting her husband .  gissendaner has requested burgers , fries , popcorn , salad and ice cream for her last mea .
 why ordinary afghans worry about nato summit <sec> afghanistan 's future will be a focus at the nato summit in chicago on sunday .  rina amiri and omar samad : the u.s. 's political strategy involves talks with the taliban .  afghans worry about the political order that may emerge , say amiri and samad .  amiri and samad : afghans are also trying to prepare the economy for nato 's drawdow .
 commentary : four tough questions for democrats <sec> julian zelizer : passover seders involve four questions asked by youngest .  he says democrats should be asking themselves four key questions .  zelizer : are they willing to compromise on their objectives to win gop support ? .  he asks what priorities will take precedence for the democrat .
 alaska volcano back on eruption watch <sec> increase in seismic activity noted at mount redoubt in southern alaska .  alert level raised ; `` eruption within days to weeks '' is possible , officials say .  volcano last erupted in december 1989 and last for months .  mount redoubt is about 100 southwest of anchorage , alask .
