 plan to dump dredged sand in great barrier reef park approved <sec> great barrier reef marine park authority approves plan to dump millions of tons of dredge spoil .  waste material will come from the expansion of a coal port .  environmental groups decry decisio .
 iggy azalea leads american music awards nods <sec> iggy azalea leads the american music awards nominees .  the rapper is up for six honors , including artist of the year .  that category features 10 contenders .  the american music awards will air on november 2 .
 wintry weather causes long delays at northeast airports <sec> new : the situation at most northeast airports improves as the night passes , the faa says .  arriving flights at newark airport had been delayed more than four hours .  two feet of snow could fall in massachusetts , the national weather service says .  3 airlines alone canceled about 670 flights in the northeast corridor on frida .
 2012 olympic stadium deal collapses <sec> west ham united 's move to the london 2012 olympic stadium has collapsed .  the stadium will now be retained as a public asset and rented to a tenant .  west ham have declared their interest in renting the stadium .  tottenham 's continued legal challenge cited as reason for proposed new arrangement .
 msnbc apologizes for 'ill-advised ' cinco de mayo segment <sec> a correspondent wears a sombrero and drinks from a tequila bottle .  anchor says the references were n't designed to poke fun at mexicans .  president of hispanic journalists in u.s. says he 's never seen worse depiction by media .  thomas roberts reportedly will also apologize during wednesday 's broadcas .
 why there 's gold fever <sec> people are profoundly uncertain about currencies , says harold james .  he says sharp drops in housing prices and increases in commodities are causing fear .  james : gold appeals to people because it limits governments ' monetary policies .  basing currencies on gold would result in deflation , then colossal inflation , says jame .
 in tense baghdad , a wave of deadly blasts <sec> new : 13 of 23 escapees from a juvenile prison have been captured , police say .  dozens have been injured in the baghdad bombings -- six car bombs and a roadside bomb .  one explosion in baghdad went off near a mall .  earlier saturday , an attack in kirkuk targeted a marketplac .
 pakistani men shot by u.s. envoy likely robbers , pakistani police say <sec> evidence suggests the men killed by the diplomat were robbers , police say .  u.s. embassy officials say consular employee raymond davis shot in self-defense .  davis remains jailed despite u.s. calls for his releas .
 pakistan polio campaign suspended after attacks on health workers <sec> six polio vaccination workers were killed in attacks in pakistan since monday .  a taliban commander in northwest pakistan banned polio vaccines .  pakistan is one of 3 countries where polio remains endemic , who says .  who estimates 280,000 children living in the northwest tribal area need of polio vaccin .
 gallagher 's not retiring , just refocusing <sec> `` i 'm sick and tired of it , '' gallagher says of constant comedy club touring .  he 's suffered two heart attacks at comedy clubs since last march .  the sledge-o-matic inventor will focus on tv , movies and other challenges .  small club dates limits his income , he says , and offer `` no more challenge .
 the day telegrams came to a final stop <sec> india 's 162-year-old telegram service came to an end monday .  india 's state-run telecommunications company said revenue had declined .  the service has been overtaken by sms , e-mail and twitte .
 do n't tweet that : how not to be a twitter dork <sec> meet andrea bartz and brenna ehrlich , cnn.com 's `` netiquette '' columnists .  the need for a reaction from your twitter followers can often outweigh your better judgment .  sometimes a simple edit is all you need to avoid the dreaded `` unfollow .
 sars 10 years on : how dogged detective work defeated an epidemic <sec> hong kong housing estate amoy gardens was center of 2003 sars outbreak .  authorities had to work fast to isolate the virus and quarantine residents .  the events at amoy gardens underscored the difficulties of containing epidemics .  public information an important part of the fight against epidemic .
 woman may have accidentally killed herself after airport bust <sec> carol ann gotbaum may have accidentally strangled herself , police said .  accident might have happened when she attempted to free herself of handcuffs .  she was arrested friday for disorderly conduct at phoenix airport , police said .  police say she was `` yelling and screaming '' and running through the termina .
 russia recalls ambassador to nato amid ukraine tensions <sec> russia recalls its ambassador to nato for consultations , report says .  ukraine report implicates ousted president viktor yanukovych in sniper attacks on protesters .  yanukovych , who 's in russia , has denied personal responsibility for the bloodshed .  russia says it wants answers from nato on eastern europe plan .
 powerful storms force omaha airport closure <sec> injured pilot was conscious when taken to the hospital , airline official says .  two storms strike eppley airfield in omaha , packing high winds , hail and rain .  southwest airlines discontinues all flights for the rest of the evenin .
 with a gunman on the loose , paris police seek witnesses <sec> authorities looking for witnesses release descriptions of gunman .  a newspaper employee was shot twice near the heart .  a man opened fire in the lobby of the french daily liberation .  there were no injuries in a carjacking and when a shot was fired outside a ban .
 feds : smuggler caught hiding cocaine in easter eggs before christmas <sec> a smuggler thought easter eggs would be an ideal way to conceal cocaine .  but the u.s. agents thought the candies were odd , two nights before christmas .  agents cut open up the eggs and found cocain .
 lionel messi sets records as barcelona takes top spot <sec> barcelona reclaims spanish league lead with 6-1 win at home to rayo vallecano .  lionel messi sets record for hat-tricks by a spanish club player .  his treble moves him level with cristiano ronaldo as la liga 's top scorer .  luis suarez scores twice , with gerard pique adding barca 's other goa .
 texas rangers : from mocked misfits to winning franchise <sec> the texas rangers are on the brink of winning their first world series .  the rangers have been a beleaguered team for more than 20 years .  ed lavandera : calling the rangers your team means you `` truly loved baseball .
 doc makes more cash selling clothes on ebay <sec> iowa doctor started second career selling clothes on ebay while home with twins .  last year she made more money online -- $ 120,000 -- than in her medical practice .  pursuing alternatives to medicine is growing trend among doctors , experts say .  with reform being debated , recruiting firms are promoting alternatives for doctor .
 obama returns to u.s. after surprise visit to afghanistan <sec> obama met with afghan counterpart , reiterating need to wipe out terror networks .  president met with about 2,000 troops at bagram air base near kabul .  obama landed at andrews air force base in maryland shortly before 9 a.m. e .
 audit paints va scandal in starkest terms <sec> internal audit of what 's happening in va system effectively ends eric shinseki 's job .  audit cites `` questionable scheduling practices '' signaling `` a systemic lack of integrity '' .  additional audit will cover all remaining va facilities , suggesting scandal could grow .  report : va to ensure those `` engaging in undesired practices are held accountable .
 space shuttle discovery lands in california <sec> new : mission control says mission took `` science to a new level '' on space station .  new : shuttle lands in california , incurring additional cost to bring it home .  florida landing for space shuttle called off because of bad weathe .
 accused craigslist killer faces charges in rhode island <sec> case marks third time philip markoff accused of finding victims on craigslist .  assault with dangerous weapon among charges leveled in warwick robbery .  markoff pleaded not guilty and is being held without bail .  markoff also charged with killing a masseuse , robbing another woma .
 incubus front man brandon boyd true to his art <sec> incubus ' brandon boyd has been indulging in a love of painting .  band has new greatest hits album out , will hit the road in july .  `` these were the things i was supposed to do , '' says boy .
 thousands march against corruption in indonesia <sec> protesters march in indonesia , urging government to address corruption allegations .  protests come amid inquiry into $ 710 million government bailout .  in speech , indonesia president susilo yudhoyono declares 'jihad ' on corruptio .
 obama 's 'green-jobs ' guru : from activist to environmentalist <sec> van jones says death set him on career path : `` i got tired of going to funerals '' .  he worked as a social activist before becoming `` green-jobs '' guru .  he advises president on jobs that help cut energy use , do n't harm environment .  jones : `` i see myself as the green-jobs handyman .
 sandra bullock : louis helped me get through 'gravity ' <sec> sandra bullock loves to talk about her son , louis .  the actress said the 3-year-old helped motivate her on long days .  he had his own playground built on the set of her new movie , `` gravity '' .  as of now , louis does n't know how famous his mom i .
 brazilian teenager neymar snubs chelsea <sec> english double winners chelsea fail in a big-money move to sign brazilian neymar .  the 18-year-old santos midfielder turns down a 35m euros move to the london club .  former arsenal captain williams gallas is on the brink of a shock switch to tottenham .  italian giants juventus have signed serbian winger milos krasic from cska mosco .
 famu band leader fights to keep job <sec> the band director at florida a & m challenges pending dismissal .  a 26-year-old drum major became ill and died after a game .  at least 30 band members were let go this semester because of alleged hazin .
 what 's behind obama 's rising poll numbers ? - cnnpolitics.com <sec> when obama began his jobs push , his approval rating was 43 % , new poll has it at 49 % .  president 's campaign aides see the rise as partly a reaction to the gop primary battle .  poll also says gop brand has suffered ; 43 % of voters have a favorable view of the gop .  numbers for the democratic party have held steady at 55 .
 8 more utah state employees questioned in immigrants ' data leak <sec> new : utah questioning eight more dept . .  of workforce services employees .  ag mark shurtleff says the investigation into potential crimes `` needs to be swift '' .  he says the list is `` like a hit list ... to put people at fear , to terrorize '' .  utah gov . .  gary herbert plans immigration round-table meeting for tuesda .
 slain girl 's family express 'shock and disbelief ' at neighbor 's arrest <sec> new : `` i ca n't imagine a mother doing this to a child , '' sandra cantu 's aunt says .  new : suspect 's daughter was sandra 's friend , playmate .  melissa huckaby was arrested on charges of kidnapping and murder , police say .  body of sandra , 8 , was found monday stuffed in a suitcase submerged in a pon .
 18 killed in belgian train crash , official says <sec> the cause of the crash on monday morning not immediately clear .  official : 18 people dead , 162 people injured by crash .  news agency : wounded treated at a sports center near the scene of the accident .  the crash has caused disruption to parts of the wider rail network in europ .
 taiwan 's chen , wife sentenced to life <sec> riot police stand by , as chen supporters gather outside courthouse .  prosecutors : chen embezzled 600 million new taiwan dollars ( u.s. $ 17.7 million ) .  former first lady wu shu-chen receives same sentence .  wu shu-chen was also convicted last week of lying to prosecutor .
 new israeli settlement plan casts shadow on talks with palestinians <sec> israeli and palestinian negotiators scheduled to meet for peace talks .  israel has given preliminary approval for more than 1,000 new settlement units .  the last round of direct talks foundered on the issue of israeli settlements on disputed land .  palestinian officials say israel is trying to obstruct the peace talks with its latest mov .
 syria possible strike : get up to speed <sec> congress wo n't be back until september 9 .  poll : 80 % of americans feel obama needs congress ' permission .  some decry the alleged chemical weapons attacks , but do n't want another iraq .  syria says it is ready to confront any challeng .
 u.n. report : new hiv infections decreasing <sec> new infections in sub-saharan africa 15 percent lower in 2008 , report says .  that area remains the region hardest-hit by hiv .  decline attributed in part to hiv prevention efforts , unaids official says .  report : number living with hiv has increased , and aids deaths have declined over five year .
 police catch texas escapee : 'he was tired of running ' <sec> new : arcade comeaux jr. was `` cold , wet , tired and hungry , '' official says .  new : police say comeaux had two pistols , was captured without incident .  comeaux escaped last week while being transported between prisons .  he escaped on foot although he was supposedly paralyzed , officials sa .
 tsvangirai : zimbabwe cholera crisis 'man-made ' <sec> world health organization : 2,755 cholera deaths in zimbabwe since last year .  tsvangirai : govt . .  negligence resulted in failure to provide necessary facilities .  epidemic aggravated by erratic water supplies , broken water and sewer pipes .  mugabe 's government have now declared cholera a national emergenc .
 u.s. seeks snowden extradition in nsa leaks case <sec> new : hong kong authorities say they 'll examine the charges against snowden .  u.s. contacts hong kong to seek edward snowden 's extradition .  snowden has said he plan to fight any extradition attempt .  snowden tells paper that u.s. government is hacking chinese mobile phone firm .
 a chance for a prosperous , stable haiti <sec> charles maccormack : haiti must resolve election stalemate so it moves forward from solid base .  success stories , he says , like schoolgirl andrise 's , show haiti could rebound better than ever .  maccormack : u.s. needs to commit 15 years to help improve sanitation , health , education .  he writes that it 's important for the u.s. to have a prosperous , politically secure neighbo .
 admitted norway killer asked to stop fist salutes <sec> anders behring breivik can not be forced to stop raising his fist , his attorney says .  he is always in a good mood , defense lawyer geir lippestad says .  he admits killing 77 people in a gun-and-bomb rampage , calling it `` necessary '' .  the court rejects breivik 's request for televised testimon .
 uganda 's parliament takes no action on anti-gay bill <sec> the future of the widely condemned bill is uncertain .  the bill would jeopardize the work of rights activists , human rights watch says .  if presented in the next session , it would have to start the legislative process anew .  the u.s. government has described the bill as `` odious .
 mexico captures suspected methamphetamine producer <sec> new : an official says authorities seized $ 2 million worth of methamphetamine .  suspected methamphetamine producer jaime `` jh '' herrera is detained in sinaloa state .  he is also wanted for alleged trafficking in the united states , government say .
 rock legend lou reed dies at 71 <sec> new : reed `` influenced probably millions of people , '' former drummer says .  velvet underground , `` walk on the wild side '' singer/songwriter lou reed dies at 71 .  his music often tackled taboo topics like drug addiction and homosexuality .  reed said he wanted to speak to people through music like shakespeare did in his work .
 reward now $ 70,000 for missing teen with autism ; lawsuit initiated <sec> avonte oquendo , 14 , has been missing since he ran out of his school a week ago .  `` he can not fend for himself out there , '' says his mother , vanessa fontaine .  an anonymous $ 50,000 donation for the reward came in friday through autism speaks .  the family takes the first step toward filing a lawsuit against the city , an attorney say .
 how guus hiddink works his football magic <sec> born in 1946 , hiddink has become one of the best managers in the world .  dutchman has enjoyed huge success at club and international level .  he 's currently coach of russia and is in charge of chelsea until end of ma .
 test results on found aruba bone to be released tuesday <sec> new : natalee holloway 's father reportedly believes the bone belongs to his daughter .  the jawbone was found near an aruba beach hotel .  a second found bone does n't appear to be huma .
 congress to miss health care deadline , key senator says <sec> dick durbin hopes to have senate version of bill passed by end of year .  president clinton makes capitol hill visit to talk about health care reform .  senate majority leader has expressed doubts about passing legislation .  public option remains major obstacle to reform measur .
 has life in america gone insane ? <sec> bob greene describes parents ' heartbreaking wait for kids , many of whom did n't arrive .  greene : there are days we want to ask : has america gone insane ? .  he says the joke of duck-and-cover drills has given way to deadly serious lockdown drills .  greene : we hear stories of attacks and what we should do , but it all feels like flailin .
 djokovic excited by davis cup final <sec> janko tipsarevic takes on gael monfils in friday 's opening davis cup rubber .  serbia no . .  1 novak djokovic then faces french no . .  2 gilles simon in second match .  serbia seeking first title in men 's event , with france aiming for fourth victory .  the two teams have not met since serbia again became an independent natio .
 australia rocked by allegations of drug and crime links in sports <sec> new : the problems could `` easily happen '' in other countries , an ex-anti-doping official says .  an australian commission finds evidence of `` widespread use '' of doping in sports .  it says organized crime groups are involved in distributing the illicit drugs .  the findings will `` disgust australian sports fans , '' the justice minister say .
 is twitter a national mood ring ? <sec> mislove : tweets trace the thoughts of a significant fraction of the population .  he 's researching mood of u.s. twitter users based on their tweets .  research looks , for example , for occurrences of `` happy '' or `` unhappy '' words in tweet .
 man accused of repeatedly raping woman during three-month captivity <sec> convicted sex offender paul thomas rawl jr. , 52 , was arrested in south carolina .  he 's charged with kidnapping and first-degree criminal sexual conduct .  sheriff says suspect would force victim to take xanax and then assault her .  he says victim was barricaded in a bedroom and threatened with a loaded bow and arro .
 taking aim at isis : women train with ak-47s to defend the streets of baghdad <sec> in baghdad , the badr brigade , a shiite militia , offers women a 5-day weapons training course .  the training aims to make them `` ready if ( isis ) makes it into their neighborhood , '' major says .  more than 450 women have been through the training since the group started it this year .  the members of one class range between the ages of 14 and 6 .
 cruise ship still gross , passengers say , but it 's finally moving <sec> cruise line apologizes , says it is using full resources .  u.s. agencies join engine room fire investigation .  conditions are improving and activities are planned aboard the stricken ship , carnival says .  carnival says the cruise ship will dock thursday afternoo .
 al qaeda confirms links to underwear bomber <sec> video shows bomber with al qaeda in the arabian peninsula leaders .  umar farouk abdulmutallab tried to blow up a plane over detroit on 2009 .  the 30-minute video is a compilation celebrating an important clan in central yeme .
 armstrong denies hamilton drugs claims <sec> lance armstrong denies claims from a former teammate that he used drugs .  armstrong was responding to allegations made by compatriot tyler hamilton .  in a cbs interview , hamilton claims he saw armstrong inject blood booster ep .
 could warren weinstein have been saved ? <sec> u.s. hostage warren weinstein is believed to have been accidentally killed in counter-terrorism strike .  peter bergen : u.s. should rethink hostage policy to increase chances of freeing those hel .
 state media : italian diplomatic van in libya targeted <sec> libya 's official news agency said no one was injured by the explosion .  it appears a small home made bomb was used , lana says .  government says vehicle was cordoned off after officials became suspiciou .
 houston texans : coach gary kubiak released from hospital <sec> gary kubiak , 52 , had a transient ischemic attack , sometimes called a mini-stroke .  he was headed to the locker room at halftime when he slowly bent over and collapsed .  he is expected to make full recovery but when he will be back at work is unclea .
 japanese firm ordered to fix airline seats <sec> airline seat manufacturer accused of false test results , use of unapproved materials .  problem affects 150,000 seats ; government has ordered seats be fixed .  koito industries also ordered to establish quality-control measure .
