 oscar pistorius trial in killing of reeva steenkamp to begin in march <sec> the trial of olympic sprinter oscar pistorius will begin in march 2014 , his attorney says .  pistorius will appear in court monday to be served with indictment .  monday would have been reeva steenkamp 's 30th birthday .  pistorius says he mistook her for a home invader when he shot her in februar .
 your views of iconic lady liberty <sec> the statue of liberty 's crown will reopen to the public on july 4 .  the crown has been closed since the september 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks .  ireporters shared photos of the statue , which cnn combined in a mosaic .  ireport.com : see , share your photos of lady libert .
 dallas safari club auctioned off black rhino hunting permit <sec> black rhino hunting permit sold for $ 350,000 , hunting club says .  `` this is the best way to support the population of black rhinos , '' club says .  critics call the idea `` perverse '' and a `` sad joke '' .  dallas safari club has received a string of death threats over the auctio .
 10 unusual honeymoon hot spots <sec> shelburne , vermont , boasts a 1400-acre working farm with an inn on the banks of lake champlain .  unwind on a gorilla safari in bwindi forest national park , uganda .  take a vintage train journey aboard the desert express in namibi .
 texas explorers emerge from airman 's cave <sec> three austin cave explorers are safe and are out of the cave , officials said .  the university of texas students went into airman 's cave saturday .  the 12,000 foot long cave complex has tight twists and turns .  unclear exactly how the students lost their way , but cave is complex , official sai .
 london rail excavation unearths suspected 'plague pit ' <sec> archaeologists working for london 's crossrail project find 13 skeletons in 2 neat rows .  they are thought to have been buried in the mid-14th century amid a plague outbreak .  the area excavated in central london has lain undisturbed for centuries .  plague bacteria are still carried by some rodents and the fleas that live on the .
 commentary : stimulate the economy , not government <sec> mitt romney : we 're in extraordinary times and we need to stimulate economy .  he says obama 's plan would stimulate the government more than economy .  giving people permanent tax relief would be better than higher spending , he says .  romney : business is better than government at creating millions of job .
 cavendish 'proud ' of htc-highroad but gives no clue to future <sec> mark cavendish heading for new team after htc-highroad fold .  record breaking sprinter cavendish `` proud '' of team 's achievements .  cavendish set to reveal which team he will ride for soon .  australian squad greenedge sign cameron and travis meyer and jack bobridg .
 on facebook , a growing teenage wasteland <sec> facebook acknowledges that teen users are becoming less active on the site .  newer social tools like snapchat , instagram and vine are picking up steam instead .  surveyed teens said `` drama '' and the presence of adults have cooled them to facebook .  but teens who do n't use facebook as much do n't close their account .
 what 's streaming in december on netflix , amazon and itunes <sec> netflix , amazon and itunes have new content streaming in december .  titles include classic comedies like `` troop beverly hills '' .  there are also recent tv series like `` american horror story : coven .
 gold medal sprinter teaches girls winning habits <sec> olympic gold medalist tianna madison helps young women develop personal strength .  through her program , club 360 , she teaches girls to live with self-respect and integrity .  as a world record holder and olympic champion , she uses her own experience as an inspiratio .
 helpless as my son , 13 , was profiled , cuffed <sec> ava thompson greenwell : recently her son , 13 , was stopped , handcuffed by police .  she says it happened next to her house , she objected , they said they were seeking burglar .  she says her son was stopped because he was black .  greenwell : every black mother 's nightmare , that her son could be profiled . .  this must sto .
 officials brief congressional staff on enhanced airport screening <sec> session provides information for members of congress to tell concerned constituents .  the tsa is holding two such briefings to explain the new procedures .  passenger complaints raise questions that the enhanced pat down goes too fa .
 trial postponed for ex-egyptian official accused of killing protesters <sec> former egyptian interior minister habib el adly faces charges of killing protesters .  his new trial date is the same day as ousted president hosni mubarak 's trial .  protesters are angry after demanding speedy trials and swift judgments on regime members .  six of el adly 's former assistants are also accused of killing protester .
 'facts of life ' stars reunite in tv movie <sec> lisa whelchel and kim fields reunited in a 2014 tv movie .  they co-starred on the '80s sitcom `` facts of life '' .  the two have said that it was just like `` riding a bike .
 marion c. barry to run for his late father 's seat - cnnpolitics.com <sec> marion christopher barry , the son of the late marion barry , is running for his father 's seat on the d.c. council .  barry declared his candidacy on monday , according to the d.c. board of elections . .  `` ward 8 the legacy continues , i 'm energized , let 's go , '' barry tweeted .  despite his name recognition , barry joins a field of 24 declared candidate .
 taipei mayor takes subway alone , internet freaks out <sec> taipei 's mayor is photographed in a subway standing alone .  internet users in taiwan reacted with surprise and praise .  chinese commenters show mixed reactio .
 marine reservist kidnapped in mexico , fbi seeks public 's help <sec> armando torres iii was visiting his father 's ranch last month .  armed gunmen entered shortly after torres arrived and took him , his father and his uncle .  neighbors say it could be tied to a land dispute , according to prosecutors in mexic .
 south africa fight back to win after tendulkar ton <sec> south africa beat co-hosts india in world cup cricket match in nagpur .  robin peterson strikes winning runs in three-wicket victory .  sachin tendulkar scores 48th one-day international ton for india .  five wickets for dale steyn cause late indian batting collaps .
 u.s. requires group to remove 3-d gun instructions from its website <sec> state department demands that group remove 3-d gun printing instructions from its site .  defense distributed may have run afoul of international traffic in arms regulations , letter says .  the group 's founder complies but notes that the plans have more than 1 million downloads .  the texas group released a video of a shot fired from a plastic handgu .
 native americans object to linking geronimo to bin laden <sec> tying geronimo to bin laden `` undermines the military service of native people , '' official says .  dozens of native americans have died serving in afghanistan and iraq .  geronimo was an apache leader in the late 1800 .
 australia appeals to indonesia to spare two of 'bali 9 ' <sec> indonesian leader rejects plea for clemency for andrew chan .  australian citizens chan and sukumaran to be executed for drug smuggling .  pair arrested in 2005 after being caught attempting to smuggle heroin to australi .
 breast cancer photographer makes women feel beautiful <sec> terri shaver takes free portraits of people with terminal and life-threatening illnesses .  be bold , feel beautiful campaign aimed at women with cancer .  sessions began to become physically and emotionally draining for shave .
 aerosmith push album release back to november <sec> aerosmith have moved the release date for their album back from august to november .  `` music from another dimension '' will be their first album in 11 years .  frontman steven tyler said it was pushed back because of other artists ' release date .
 peterson claims desertion , meets with divorce lawyer <sec> peterson says he 's looking into options since wife deserted him a year ago .  peterson : neighbors are making it unsafe for family to live in home .  stacy peterson left him october 28 , 2007 , husband says .  police have said drew peterson , an ex-cop , is prime suspec .
 7 victims killed in crash at nevada air race identified <sec> 10 people died from the crash .  almost 70 people were injured .  the downed plane had video and data recording devices , an ntsb official says .  it 's unclear why the aircraft crashed , investigators have sai .
 germanwings plane crash : who was the captain ? <sec> patrick sondenheimer 's grandmother describes him as a loving father .  german media report he decided to fly for germanwings to be closer to his family .  social media posts describe him as a hero for trying to save the fligh .
 madrid train bomb suspect moved to spain <sec> suspect said rehou allegedly held indoctrination sessions .  madrid bombings killed 191 people in march 2004 .  casablanca bombings in 2003 killed 33 bystanders and 12 suicide bomber .
 small gifts for vets make a large impact -- for everyone <sec> ireporters share innovative ideas they 've used for the benefit of veterans and troops .  roger j. stavitz 's garden made a visible and personal impact for maine veterans .  debbi fisher applies horse sense to therapy for combat veterans .  michael teitelbaum , dentist by day , is candyman to troops oversea .
 review : 'syndicate ' visuals hamper the fun <sec> 'syndicate ' is a reboot from a 1993 tactical shooter and strategy game .  the dart-6 chip adds to health , recharging , shields and other benefits to complete missions .  enemies are numerous , so players will get plenty of practice with weapon .
 turkey boom dampened by europe 's troubles <sec> istanbul is seen as a potentially pivotal center for relations between europe and asia .  turkey 's economy is proving to be one of the strongest in the european region .  sabanci group chair , guler sabanci , warns europe 's slowdown is `` an important issue '' for turke .
 killer of karzai 's half-brother worked against taliban , officials say <sec> sardar mohammed for years worked against taliban militants , according to three local officials .  he worked with both u.s. and canadian forces in kandahar , an official said .  sardar mohammed shot and killed kandahar 's provincial council chief ahmed wali karzai , police say .  wali karzai was the half-brother of afghan president hamid karza .
 india make games history as oludamola loses gold <sec> india 's women made commonwealth history in the 4x400m relay in new delhi .  the victory gave the host nation their first-ever women 's track gold medal .  women 's 100m champion osayemi oludamola is officially stripped of her title .  fellow-nigerian , 110m hurdler samuel okon , also tests positive for banned stimulan .
 primaries key test of gop establishment-tea party battle <sec> establishment republicans are fighting back more strongly against challenges from the right .  with a number of vulnerable democrats in the senate , gop thinks it can win control .  north carolina primary seen as a key test of establishment-vs.-tea party scenari .
 celebs embrace the ice bucket challenge <sec> celebrities are stepping up to take the ice bucket challenge .  it benefits funding and awareness of als , or lou gehrig 's disease .  some celebs have done the challenge more than onc .
 passenger who had arabic flash cards sues over his detainment <sec> nicholas george , 22 , took flash cards used to study arabic to airport last summer .  college senior says he was detained for almost five hours ; he 's now filing lawsuit .  tsa , philadelphia police department and fbi named in lawsuit .  official : tsa agents said they saw george `` exhibiting anomalous behavior .
 obama 's 'stupid ' jab at vegas <sec> president obama said you do n't `` blow cash '' on vegas when you 're saving for college .  penn jillette says comment wo n't go over well in town built on tourism .  he says people who gamble on vegas also gambled on obam .
 as a father , 'i have to be the best human i can be ' <sec> ibrahim abdul-matin looked for advice when he was becoming a dad ; now he offers his own .  he and his wife , both muslim , know they 're raising their son in a different time than theirs .  he lays out five principles for raising his son , including building faith , setting example .  writer : a father must work , must teach respect for women and teach that all are equa .
 the north korea i was n't meant to see <sec> cnn 's paula hancocks experienced a rare trip through north korea 's interior .  countryside seemed to be well-farmed , despite reports of severe malnourishment .  hancocks witnessed significant damage from floodin .
 queen elizabeth to meet former ira commander <sec> new : sinn fein leader gerry adams says the meeting is part of national reconciliation .  new : `` this will cause difficulty for republicans and nationalists , '' he acknowledges .  queen elizabeth ii will meet ex-ira leader martin mcguinness in northern ireland next week .  mcguinness is now a sinn fein politician and deputy first minister of northern irelan .
 rebels claim downing of syrian jet <sec> at least 141 people were killed across the country saturday .  a historic mosque is on fire in aleppo .  lakhdar brahimi meets with turkey 's foreign minister .  the scheduled talks come amid rising tensions between turkey and syri .
 issa 's final irs report spreads blame , slams 'culture of bias ' <sec> the final report by a congressional committee accuses the irs of having a `` culture of bias '' against conservatives .  the report also claims irs officials had a `` general loathing '' of conservative groups .  the report singles out seven irs officials in addition to lois lerner .  this is the sixth irs report issued by darrel issa 's house oversight committe .
 debt ceiling debate : preaching to the choir - cnnpolitics.com <sec> w. house continues to issue dire warnings about consequences about debt ceiling .  some republicans in congress are n't buying it ; one calls it `` false demagoguery '' .  critics see the debt limit fight as an opportunity to shrink the size of government and pay off interest .  the financial markets could be the biggest indicator of who is right in this figh .
 one month under the sea with fabien cousteau <sec> fabien cousteau is living in a marine lab 63 feet beneath the ocean 's surface near florida .  cousteau is a grandson of underwater explorer jacques-yves cousteau .  mission 31 is named for the number of days his team will live underwater .  they will study how climate change and pollution affect ocean lif .
 world 's most colorful carnival celebrations <sec> mardi gras falls on march 4 this year .  new orleans and other festive cities are rolling out floats and costumes .  many celebrations have their heart and soul in working-class neighborhood .
 7 under-the-radar cultural destinations <sec> uncovering the world 's best culture requires some exploration .  if visiting germany , try the restored city of dresden instead of berlin .  consider stopping in helsinki , finland , named 2012 's world design capita .
 water controversy erupts in venezuela <sec> president hugo chavez calls claims of contaminated water `` media terrorism '' .  venezuela 's attorney general says critics are trying to cause `` confict and chaos ' .  `` they are not recognizing the probelm , '' one activist says .  chavez 's party expels one governor who says drinking water may be pollute .
 hundreds of french workers take bosses hostage <sec> new : workers release one of five people being held hostage at caterpillar factory .  workers angry that caterpillar propose cutting more than 700 jobs .  they did not want to harm the executives but get them to negotiate , official says .  a senior caterpillar executive called the hostage-taking `` unhelpful .
 obama : north korean nuclear test 'a grave threat ' <sec> new : obama promises strong reaction to north korean nuclear test .  new : test will deepen pyongyang regime 's isolation , white house says .  joints chief head says test shows pyongyang becoming `` increasingly belligerent '' .  u.n. security council to meet monday afternoon to discuss the tes .
 martin luther king children in court over estate case <sec> two of king 's children accuse third of wrongfully taking money from estates .  dexter king has denied claims by bernice king , martin luther king iii .  civil rights icons at courthouse to support famil .
 philadelphia suspects may have held 7 others , police say <sec> young woman had been hidden in an upstairs apartment , police say .  police took the woman and 6 children into protective custody .  four others were found locked in a filthy basement on saturday .  philadelphia 's mayor calls the case `` sheer madness .
 how to harvest solar power ? beam it down from space ! <sec> concept to beam solar power from satellites gains new global momentum .  massive satellites would beam solar energy back to ground-based receivers .  pentagon study says could be used for military operations , developing nation .
 protesters declare 'i am trayvon martin , ' but who was he ? <sec> trayvon martin was a typical teen and an average student , his friends and parents say .  he loved football , airplanes , and r & b music .  martin was suspended from school , but his mother said his misbehavior was not violent .  `` my son had a future . .  my son was not one of these thugs in the night , '' tracy martin said .
 chicago school board chief 's body found <sec> michael scott was found in chicago river early monday .  his family reported him missing about midnight .  body had gunshot entrance wound on left side of head ; gun found nearby .  he had been subpoenaed to testify in school admission investigatio .
 reese witherspoon : 'anyone is susceptible ' to breast cancer <sec> `` every three minutes '' statistic made witherspoon feel `` vulnerable '' and `` scared '' .  oscar-winning actress : young women are not exempt from the disease .  witherspoon emphasizes importance of early detection and regular screening .
 u.n. security council says renewed civil war looms in ivory coast <sec> the security council expresses concern about the rising violence .  it condemns `` acts of wanton violence '' against u.n. officials in ivory coast .  the nation 's ambassador to the u.n. wanted a stronger statemen .
 iran to relax visa requirements amid tourism boom <sec> long-isolated iran to ease visa requirements amid tourism boom .  iran 's new president rouhani has struck a moderate tone with west since taking office .  tourism workers in iran say numbers of visitors `` increasing day by day .
 petraeus picked to lead central command <sec> gates says changes `` will probably preserve ... momentum and progress '' .  petraeus would oversee all forces in middle east , including iraq and afghanistan .  petraeus would take over for adm. william fallon , who resigned .  central command position is subject to senate confirmatio .
 to armstrong 's critics , doping admission would be sweet <sec> a confession `` wo n't be enough '' for armstrong , author says .  critics have accused lance armstrong of bullying them for years .  now , armstrong is said to acknowledge doping in a television interview .  `` it 's kind of a big turnaround , '' a former teammate tells esp .
 the secrets to cuba 's boxing success <sec> boxing is a passion in cuba , rivaling baseball as the country 's national sport .  professional sport is outlawed in cuba , but the country still produces world-class boxers .  cuban heavyweight teofilo stevenson won three golds between 1972 and 1980 .  the men 's boxing event at london 2012 begins at london 's excel center on july 2 .
 uk pentagon hacker fights extradition to u.s . <sec> briton in court in bid to prevent extradition to u.s. for allegedly hacking computers .  gary mckinnon admits intentionally gaining access to government systems .  briton accused of carrying out biggest ever u.s. military computer hacking .  he says he was researching whether u.s. was covering up existence of ufo .
 officials : pakistani security forces capture key al qaeda leader <sec> officials : naamen maziche was in charge of some of al qaeda 's international operations .  he is arrested near pakistan 's border with iran .  he is a close aide of an al qaeda leader arrested in september 2011 , officials sa .
 5 reasons technology world needs more geek girls <sec> regina agyare is a leading technology entrepreneur from ghana .  her startup , soronko solutions , creates websites and e-commerce portals .  agyare has also started an initiative teaching young girls in poor areas how to code .  here , she discusses why there should be more women working in tec .
 antoinette tuff hailed as 'true hero ' out of georgia school shooting <sec> the woman who fielded tuff 's 911 call describes her as a `` true hero '' .  on a 911 call , tuff acts as a go-between between police , the suspect .  she quotes him as saying he 'd wished he 'd have gone to a mental hospital instead .  the ordeal ends with michael brandon hill 's arrest and no one killed or hur .
