 american airlines cuts more flights <sec> about 1 % , or 31 flights per day , will be canceled , american airlines says .  american extends capacity cuts through mid-november .  the airline is struggling with chronic delays and labor issue .
 more women entrepreneurs needed to help tackle climate change <sec> sandip verma is a minister at uk department of energy and climate change .  she 's also ambassador to people 's postcode lottery green challenge .  women should be encouraged to establish green businesses , writes verm .
 vietnam looks set to escape typhoon 's worst <sec> early assessments suggest vietnam will avoid devastation wrought by typhoon haiyan in the philippines .  the typhoon made landfall early on monday morning in northern vietnam .  typhoon has since weakened and now a tropical storm .  threat of floods and landslides remains as haiyan moves into southern chin .
 lawyer : duvalier wants u.s. entity to disburse frozen funds <sec> duvalier is seeking advice from three u.s. lawyers , including former u.s. rep. bob barr .  the lawyers say the former dictator wants to claim money frozen in switzerland .  they say he wants to use the funds to help rebuild haiti .  duvalier is accused of siphoning the money from national coffer .
 santander renames leading uk bank brands <sec> santander bought abbey in 2004 , bradford & bingley , alliance & leicester in 2008 .  spanish banking group expected to rename around 1,000 bank branches across uk by end of january .  group ceo : `` decision to become santander will put us in an even stronger position the uk .
 commentary : obama faces school test <sec> u.s. president-elect barack obama takes office in washington in january .  much debate about whether obama 's daughters will attend public or private school .  where parents decide to send children often indicates their views on education .  michelle obama : this is a personal process , we ask that people respect tha .
 tattoos and piercings : how young is too young ? <sec> willow smith , daughter of movie star will smith , sported a fake tongue ring in a photo online .  social media was abuzz with complaints that willow is too young for piercings .  age of consent for body modification such as piercings and tattoos varies by state .  psychologists say kids younger than 18 are often not emotionally mature enough for tattoo .
 kombis reincarnated as tour buses in uganda <sec> vw ended the production of the kombi last year , but the vans ' resourceful spirit thrives in uganda .  kombi nation tours recovers abandoned kombis and turns them into tour buses .  `` many of the clients that we attract are from that 'nostalgia market , ' '' says company directo .
 authorities allege additional taping of erin andrews by accused stalker <sec> man accused of surreptitiously taping andrews nude , posting videos online .  previously , most of the tapes were thought to have been shot in a nashville hotel .  court documents filed wednesday claim videos also were made in columbus , ohio .  stalking charge carries a potential five-year prison sentenc .
 laid-off banker finds work as obama <sec> michael lamar strikes an obama-like figure in ads for a bank in turkey .  lamar worked for jp morgan chase for 18 years before being laid off .  president obama will be in turkey soon on presidential visit .  u.s. approval ratings in turkey have plunged in recent year .
 orphan boy lives in garbage dump <sec> orphan boy eats discarded food to survive .  biological mother gave him away .  boy part of refugee community in thai garbage dum .
 fossilized mammoth tusk removed from seattle construction site <sec> new : fossilized tusk from likely columbian mammoth removed from construction site .  tusk is at least 16,000 years old , but it could be up to 60,000 years old , a museum says .  it appears to be the most intact and largest discovered in seattl .
 george mcgovern , biographical highlights <sec> mcgovern 's 1972 presidential bid was based on his opposition to the vietnam war .  he established a foundation to fund research on alcoholism after his daughter 's death .  he and former sen. bob dole set up a program to provide school lunches in developing countries .  mcgovern flew 35 combat missions in ww ii and received the distinguished flying cros .
 videographer , three others get probation in senate office incident <sec> o'keefe , three others plead guilty to illegally entering senator 's office .  defendants fined , placed on probation , ordered to do community service .  o'keefe posed as a pimp to stage videos at acorn offices in 200 .
 iranian professionals post public apology to baha'is <sec> iranian intellectuals publish letter of apology to members of the baha'i faith .  the apology details alleged offences by the government against them .  baha'i members say followers have been arrested , jailed for their fait .
 michelle obama turns 50 : has the big birthday changed ? <sec> michelle obama turns 50 on january 17 .  about turning 50 , the first lady says `` she 's never felt more confident '' in herself .  many women 50 and older relish the midcentury milestone : 50 is the new 40 .  others dread it , with one woman saying `` everything either hurts or does n't work .
 when rodman blew up on cnn : 5 craziest moments <sec> dennis rodman becomes angry while being interviewed by cnn 's chris cuomo .  rodman bristles when asked if it 's appropriate for him to lead a visit to north korea .  the former nba star tells cuomo , `` i do n't give a rat 's ass what the hell you think '' .  rodman implies that an american imprisoned in north korea did something wron .
 henning 'moved by suffering ' of syrian people <sec> british taxi driver alan henning was delivering aid to syria when he was abducted .  his peers nicknamed the father of two `` gadget '' .  his wife and friends appealed to isis to spare henning 's lif .
 this machine makes drinking water from thin air <sec> israeli company has developed device for extracting water from air .  it says its water generator is more energy efficient than others .  its technologies are already used by the military in seven countrie .
 toddler dies from e. coli after trip to county fair <sec> 2-year-old dies after going to fair in n. carolina .  38 people have shown signs of the infection .  officials have yet to pinpoint possible source .  outbreak comes a year after e. coli scare at the state fai .
 injured kim will miss majors in order to relive ryder cup glory <sec> anthony kim will be sidelined for 10-12 weeks after deciding to have thumb operation .  american golfer hopes to be fit for ryder cup teams event in britain in october .  he won houston open last month and finished third at masters despite his injury .  kim helped the u.s. reclaim the ryder cup from europe with victory at home in 200 .
 a timeline of the charlie hebdo terror attack <sec> attackers force their way into the charlie hebdo offices in paris on wednesday ; 12 die in all .  on thursday , a gunman fatally shoots a police officer in montrouge .  on friday , three suspects are killed in two standoffs with polic .
 no . 1 hip-hop star : i 'm 'anxious ' about prison <sec> t.i . .  was found guilty of weapons possession , will serve prison time .  hip-hop star has no . .  1 album in country as well as no . .  1 single .  t.i . .  is reflective : `` i think i have evolved as a person .
 ibrahimovic injury allows bojan to shine in barcelona victory <sec> zlatan ibrahimovic ruled out of barcelona 's champions league clash with arsenal .  sweden striker to miss second leg of quarterfinal after suffering calf injury .  bojan krkic scores twice in 4-1 win over athletic bilbao after his late call-up into team .  managerless sevilla move up into fourth place with 3-0 victory against lowly tenerif .
 liberty island to remain open during statue 's renovation <sec> yearlong upgrades to lady liberty and ellis island begin in late october .  liberty island will remain open to the public .  a gift from france , the statue of liberty was dedicated on october 28 , 1886 .  it was designated as a national monument in 1924 .
 huge crowds gather in north korean capital to celebrate rocket launch <sec> north korean state media say satellite is to monitor weather .  crowds of soldiers and civilians applaud speeches in pyongyang .  a controversial rocket launch by north korea put a satellite in orbit this week .  move was a public relations victory for kim jong un , north korea 's young leade .
 scores dead , villages flattened in devastating samoan tsunami <sec> at least 111 dead in samoan islands and tonga after pacific tsunami .  officials fear death toll will rise as rescue workers reach outlying visitors .  magnitude-8.0 quake strikes near samoan islands early tuesday .  hawaii national guard troops being sent on relief operatio .
 iran uses 'enemies of god ' charge on protesters <sec> those convicted of being `` mohareb , '' enemies of god , are executed .  two men convicted of the charge were hanged in january , another faces death .  lesser charges failed to intimidate protesters , iranian analyst say .
 china gdp grows by 8.7 percent in 2009 <sec> china 's economy grew by 8.7 percent in 2009 , according to the national bureau of statistics .  china 's fourth quarter growth alone surged to 10.7 percent on an annualized basis .  but concerns are rising of a growing property bubble in chin .
 opinion : congress , support obama on syria <sec> anne-marie slaughter : obama right to go to congress about using force in syria .  slaughter : a world in which nations use chemical weapons with impunity is too dangerous .  she says striking syria now will be a strike to protect the syrian people , even if belated .  slaughter : it 's time for congress to step up to its responsibility and support obam .
 'pride and prejudice , ' story that launched a thousand spinoffs , turns 200 <sec> jane austen 's `` pride and prejudice '' was published on 28 january , 1813 .  the best-known and most-loved of her novels , it has spawned a whole industry .  story has inspired a bollywood remake , a murder mystery , and even a zombie horro .
 ledger 's death caused by accidental overdose <sec> medical examiner 's office : `` manner of death is accident '' .  `` brokeback mountain '' star , 28 , died january 22 in a new york apartment .  the 2005 film won ledger an oscar nomination for best actor .  colleagues say actor had been suffering from respiratory ailmen .
 lotus buys renault stake as legendary f1 name doubles its presence <sec> renault will be known as renault lotus gp for the 2011 formula one season .  the proton-owned group lotus has acquired a major steak in britain-based team .  team lotus will also race in the 2011 season , in the same black and gold colors .  it brought the legendary brand back to the f1 grid in 2010 after acquiring licence for nam .
 hong kong ferry captain jailed over collision <sec> hong kong ferry captain found guilty of manslaughter .  follows fatal ferry collision in 2012 that left 39 people dead .  he has been sentenced to 8 years in jai .
 danish cartoonist hid in 'panic room ' during attack <sec> somali man attacked home of political cartoonist , police say .  police say they shot suspect outside home of kurt westergaard .  westergaard known for controversial cartoons of prophet muhammad .  danish officials say suspect connected to al qaeda ally in afric .
 do you check government travel warnings ? <sec> u.s. state dept . .  currently lists 35 countries under travel warning status .  travelers report feeling safe in many countries they 're warned not visit .  american student andrew pochter was killed in egypt while a travel warning was in plac .
 will ukraine 's crimea region be europe 's next 'frozen ' conflict ? <sec> armed men seize parliament building in ukraine 's crimea region .  crimea is last big bastion of opposition to new government in kiev following president 's ouster .  tensions have simmered since president yanukovych 's overthrow last week .  forbrig : ukraine must decide if it 's worth risking recent progress over restive crime .
 u.s. women 's soccer team hopes to kick up interest in sport at home <sec> players hope their appearance in the final round brings more attention to soccer .  `` we did something pretty special , '' says one team member .  penalty kicks helped japan win sunday in the world cup final 5- .
 what 's next for assange 's extradition battle ? <sec> ecuador grants asylum to julian assange , who is holed up in ecuador 's london embassy .  british police refuse to grant wikileaks founder safe passage out of country .  whiteway : no precedent in uk for entering another country 's embassy .  whiteway : such a move would further damage ecuador-uk relation .
 barcelona breezes past milan in champions league <sec> barcelona crushed ac milan 4-0 to progress 4-2 on aggregate .  lionel messi scored twice with david villa and jordi alba also on target .  galatasaray claimed a 3-2 win at german side schalke .  turkish team through to quarterfinals 4-3 on aggregat .
 man arrested on suspicion of murder in april jones case <sec> new : police appeal again for information on the suspect 's movements .  mark bridger remains in police custody and continues to be questioned .  april jones was abducted monday in the small town of machynllet .
 'three sheets ' host will drink ( and eat ) anything <sec> zane lamprey hosts `` three sheets '' on fine living network .  on show , lamprey drinks things like `` black death '' and viper rum .  for all that , his liver 's in good shape , says lampre .
 science standards challenging evolution debated in texas <sec> texas board of education will vote this week on the curriculum amendments .  evolution skeptics say fossil record gaps cast doubt on the idea of common ancestry .  critics say the proposed curriculum questions ideas in the earth and space sciences .  large textbook market in texas influences decisions of publishers nationwid .
 red river receding ; 2 dead in north dakota flooding <sec> officials expect continued receding despite coming snow , but wind a concern .  red river at fargo nearly foot below saturday 's level .  flooding of homes , school a `` wake-up call , '' fargo mayor says .  two deaths , 50 injuries blamed on flood-related incident .
 naples clean-up under way <sec> italian pm berlusconi to declare worst of naples garbage crisis is over .  cnn reporter discovers districts where residents still throwing trash into street .  crisis flared up december 31 , when one of two municipal dumps closed .  berlusconi appointed `` garbage czar '' in may to focus on the crisi .
 'the biggest loser 's ' vinny hickerson gets engaged <sec> vinny hickerson is a singer in the country duo trailer choir and a `` biggest loser '' contestant .  `` my biggest dream is to be a great husband and a great father , and fall in love '' he said .  `` there was no one there but us and a camera crew , '' says lori dia .
 rand paul in ads for mainstream candidates <sec> republicans fear third party candidates in several key senate races , including alaska .  the chamber of commerce has launched ads featuring kentucky sen. rand paul .  paul is a favorite of libertarian leaning republican .
 thousands of sex offenders receive u.s. passports <sec> the gao says about 4,500 registered sex offenders received u.s. passports in fiscal year 2008 .  at least 30 federal employees who are registered sex offenders obtained u.s. passports .  the state department can only deny passports to those convicted of sex tourism .  the state department says gao report has `` more 'shock value ' than factual accuracy .
 five endangered sites worth saving <sec> the global heritage fund issues its first-ever list of endangered sites .  the fund tries to save sites in developing countries .  an 11,000-year-old ceremonial site in turkey is on the fund lis .
 donor says he got thousands for his kidney <sec> cnn investigating what appears to be a widespread black market in human organs .  israeli man says he received $ 20,000 for his kidney .  he says he lied to the hospital about the money he received .  10 percent of kidney transplants worldwide are thought to be illega .
 manti te'o denies he was part of girlfriend hoax <sec> new : a woman whose picture is tied to the scheme says she was exploited .  manti te'o talks to espn about hoax , telling the network , `` i was n't faking it '' .  notre dame 's investigation backs te'o claim of two men , one woman behind hoax .  te'o rose to national prominence by leading the fighting irish to an undefeated regular seaso .
 bob marley 's music used to help famine victims in africa <sec> the campaign is named for a line in the marley song `` hide tide or low tide '' .  artists like eminem and lady gaga have pledged to promote the film .  proceeds will go to aid group save the children to help famine victim .
 kings of leon drummer hurt in boston tour bus mishap <sec> the rock group 's sunday night show in saratoga springs , new york , is postponed .  nathan followill was hurt when a pedestrian jumped in front of the band 's tour bus .  no word on the group 's shows later this week .  jared followill tweets : `` this was the most fun tour in a while . .  we 'll be back asap .
 obama 's north carolina math problem <sec> president barack obama won north carolina in 2008 election by less than 15,000 votes .  gop strategists predict an aggressive mitt romney can win state by `` substantial margin '' .  finding new voters will be critical for the obama team if it hopes to repeat 2008 success .  democratic consultant : `` an essential part of obama winning here is to reignite the spark .
 new stimulants will keep you working longer <sec> `` wakefulness '' pills promise to keep future workers alert through the night .  they tweak sleep-related area in brain so users do n't feel jittery , just alert .  one drug is already giving an edge to air force pilots on 40-hour mission .
 nazi era french resistance leader dies <sec> raymond aubrac was a hero in the french resistance against nazi germany .  the 97-year-old and wife lucie , who died 5 years ago , were instrumental in the historic group .  aubrac was a jew of polish descent ; he twice escaped nazi captur .
 historic drought puts over half of u.s. counties in disaster zones , usda says <sec> new : `` safety net is going to protect a lot more of those producers , '' economist says .  an arkansas farmer says he was compelled sell his cattle because he was short on feed .  harsh conditions suggest food prices could increase as much as 4.5 % in 2013 , agency says .  agriculture secretary expanded emergency disaster assistance wednesda .
 in a do-or-die situation , where would gadhafi go ? <sec> there has been speculation about gadhafi making an exit deal .  but the strongman appears as defiant as ever .  if he were to flee , he would have few options on where to go .  zimbabwe , venezuela and sudan could take him i .
 chinese court puts up 'wall of shame ' for overdue fines <sec> a chinese court published personal details of 50 individuals and four companies who dodged fines .  the amount of outstanding fines listed are up to $ 4.5 million .  the `` wall of shame '' will run for two weeks or until the debtors have settled their fine .
 dozens of teens detained after philadelphia 's earlier curfew <sec> new : philadelphia police picked up 50 juveniles for violating a stricter curfew .  the curfew follows a rash of mob attacks .  the curfew remains at 10 p.m. or midnight for minors elsewhere in philadelphia .  parents can be fined for repeat curfew violation .
 colombian leader cancels climate conference trip after flooding <sec> new : the red cross says 23 people are dead after a landslide , and more than 120 are missing .  at least 194 people have died in colombia 's floods , authorities report .  climate change `` is what is affecting us , '' colombia 's president says .  the interior ministry says as many as 200,000 homes have been damage .
 rubber ducks aid nasa study <sec> nasa scientists launch a flotilla of 90 rubber ducks to investigate ice melt in glacier .  the jakobshavn glacier in baffin bay is the fastest moving glacier in greenland .  researchers investigating why glacier movement speeds up during summer month .
 obamacare website official : sorry for problems , but system working <sec> sebelius to testify that initial consumer experience is frustrating , unacceptable .  data hub behind website experiencing an outage , officials say late tuesday .  committee hearing includes fierce partisan exchanges .  a top democrat says his party was imprecise in selling health care la .
 passport with 9/11 suspect 's name found in pakistan <sec> document shows that bearer entered pakistan on september 4 , 2001 .  said bahaji is reported to be member of german cell that gave money to 9/11 hijackers .  report said he lived with hijacker mohammed atta in germany .  cnn has not independently confirmed passport 's authenticit .
