 talk show host joy behar weds boyfriend of 29 years <sec> behar is a cohost on `` the view '' and has her own show on hln .  she married steve janowitz , whom she 's referred to as her `` spousal equivalent .
 apple cracks india 's smartphone market <sec> apple 's iphone has become india 's second largest smartphone supplier .  its success has been attributed to better distribution and promotion .  samsung remains india 's number one brand in terms of revenu .
 season 's first blizzard starts journey in the plains <sec> new : 156-mile stretch of freeway closed in colorado .  23-car pileup in texas dust storm kills one , injures 17 .  heavy snow , high winds stretch from colorado to wisconsin in season 's first blizzard .  storm to crawl from midwest to new england by frida .
 diana memorial service : speeches in full <sec> prince harry describes princess diana as `` the best mother in the world '' .  he asks for her to be remembered as `` fun-loving , generous , down-to-earth , entirely genuine '' .  bishop of london praises her humanitarian work .  he says that disputes about her death should `` end here .
 rose : the next king of scotland ? <sec> justin rose is the current u.s. open champion .  rose believes there is far less pressure on him than british tennis star andy murray .  the 32-year-old is currently ranked third in the world .  englishman has always dreamed of winning the british ope .
 ukraine security service raids state gas hq <sec> ukraine 's security service raids country 's state-run gas company .  naftogaz : raid was to search for documents related to gas deal with russia .  security service investigating alleged theft of gas by naftogaz officer .
 valuev and chagaev in helsinki showdown <sec> nikolai valuev will face ruslan chagaev for wba heavyweight title next month .  the may 30 showdown will be the first-ever heavyweight clash on finnish soil .  valuev looking for revenge after chagaev won their first contest two years ag .
 what does silvio 's return mean for italy ? <sec> silvio berlusconi is making a fourth run for prime minister in italy 's upcoming parliamentary elections .  monti leaving is the first big test for italy 's bond market since the ecb vowed to save the eurozone in july , spiro says .  spiro says developments in italy show investors should start paying more attention to country-specific risk .
 scientists unveil dinosaur dubbed the 'chicken from hell ' <sec> anzu wyliei lived near the end of the dinosaur era alongside t. rex .  it looked like a cross between an ostrich and velociraptor , an expert says .  remains of three animals were used to piece together its skeleto .
 bruce jenner calls car crash 'a devastating tragedy ' <sec> `` i will continue to cooperate in every way possible , '' bruce jenner says in a statement .  the reality tv star 's suv hit a car and pushed it into the path of an oncoming hummer , authorities say .  investigators say there 's no sign paparazzi following bruce jenner played a role in the cras .
 undercover funeral home sting turns up 'significant violations ' <sec> 'significant violations ' found in 23 of 102 funeral homes investigated .  some forced customers into buying caskets as a condition of paying for a funeral .  richmond and fredericksburg , virginia , had the highest number of offenders .  five of 10 funeral homes in columbia , south carolina , had significant violation .
 america 's newest medal of honor recipient is leaving the army <sec> sgt . .  giunta plans to continue his education .  he was awarded medal in november for valor against taliban .  he has served two tours in afghanista .
 egypt : hosni mubarak 's charges for deaths dismissed <sec> mubarak tells egyptian tv station : `` i did n't commit anything '' .  the 86-year-old is still serving a three-year sentence for embezzlement .  one man killed , nine people injured in protest near tahir square .  prosecutor tell state media he will appeal verdic .
 french take control of key ivory coast airport <sec> the united nations relocates staff after attacks , saying the situation is getting worse .  people in abidjan are forced to go out for water despite the danger , a journalist says .  u.s. secretary of state clinton demands that laurent gbagbo step down immediately .  gbagbo and alassane ouattara are fighting for control of the cocoa-producing countr .
 u.s. airline irks india by frisking ex-president <sec> indian authorities file complaint against continental for frisking former president .  former president apj abdul kalam was exempt from body checks , officials say .  continental , however , insists it followed standard u.s. air-safety procedure .
 american 'exceptionalism : ' who are they kidding ? <sec> vladimir putin 's op-ed in the new york times disputed the idea of american 'exceptionalism ' .  white house has ignored putin 's remarks but some u.s. lawmakers were outraged .  coste : things are changing and many americans now dispute notion of 'exceptionalism .
 my duty is to represent wwi comrades , last doughboy says <sec> frank buckles , 107 , is the last living u.s. veteran of wwi .  buckles was present for first veterans day in 1918 when it was armistice day .  buckles said it was his duty to represent soldiers since he is last wwi vet .  there is no national memorial in washington for wwi veteran .
 nypd ogles google glass specs <sec> nypd experiments with two pair of google glass specs .  the head-mounted computers feed information directly to the eye-line of the wearer .  a north carolina firefighter has developed a google glass ap .
 man city cruise to victory in salzburg <sec> manchester city begin europa league campaign with a 2-0 win at red bull salzburg .  david silva scores his first goal for the club with brazilian forward jo also on target .  the other group a match between juventus and lech poznan ends in a 3-3 draw .  patrick helmes scores a hat-trick for bayer leverkusen in their 4-0 win over rosenbor .
 china 's great migration from 'hukou hell ' <sec> household registration system `` hukou '' behind china 's mass migration .  system divides the population into rural and urban residents .  citizens can only access social services where they are registered .  migrant workers have restricted access to education , welfare , medical and housing benefit .
 more air travel means more plane maintenance <sec> more than 24 million passengers expected to fly in u.s. during thanksgiving holiday .  increased air travel means increased plane inspections .  pilots can enter problem into in-flight computer , so maintenance crews are ready at landin .
 coleman to argue franken won by bogus recount <sec> about 3 million ballots cast in race ; al franken won recount by 255 votes .  norm coleman 's attorneys to argue ballots recounted improperly in three ways .  coleman hired attorney who led gop florida recount effort in 2000 presidential race .  franken to ask supreme court to order governor to seat him temporaril .
 chinese doctors say some claims of needle-stabbings are mistaken <sec> new : many `` we believe were not actually punctured with needles , '' army doctor says .  new : about 20 cases are being investigated closely , including testing , doctor says .  five killed in riots between predominantly muslim uyghurs and han chinese .  communist party chief for urumqi dismissed after deadly unres .
 'fire and ice ' coaches take on business world <sec> ex-college , wnba guard marciniak , ex-head coach walvius team up for business .  `` the biggest similarity between coaching and what we do now is raising capital , '' walvius says .  marciniak often is asked about 2002 suspension , fine after fight on the court .  they say sports has gender-based differences , but bottom line matters most in busines .
 body of baby killed in china carjacking found <sec> the body of baby haobo was found wednesday .  thousands turned out to mourn the child 's death .  a car dealership 's ad sparks fury .  a man confesses to killing the baby he found in a car he stole , state-run news agency say .
 deport justin bieber , petition demands ; white house declines comment <sec> whitehouse.gov petitions qualify for response when they reach a signature threshold .  petition to deport bieber has more than 273,000 signatures .  but white house says it wants `` to avoid the appearance of improper influence .
 commentary : mccain turns to old gop themes , buzzwords <sec> tuesday 's themes at gop convention dealt with patriotism , `` putting country first '' .  president bush attacked `` the angry left '' at convention .  bernstein : mccain once rejected old gop themes , now embraces the .
 opinion : boehner , you can end a hunger strike <sec> people fasting in d.c. to protest inaction on immigration reform with path to citizenship .  `` fast for families '' participants have gone about two weeks surviving only on water .  sally kohn : strong majority of americans support reform , republicans coming around .  kohn : but the holdup is house speaker john boehner refusing to bring reform to a vot .
 ferguson verdict is complicated for me ( opinion ) <sec> safiya jafari simmons say her husband is a police officer and she 's raising a black boy .  simmons says the ferguson verdict dredges up deep internal conflict for her .  as a police officer 's wife , she ca n't support the outraged black community or justice syste .
 how to send free texts over e-mail <sec> u.s. wireless carriers tend to double-charge customers for texts .  plans with unlimited texting are popular , but many find this option too expensive .  you can send a text message via e-mail from any e-mail-enabled phon .
 magical messi shows no sign of stopping <sec> lionel messi scores twice in barcelona 's 3-1 win over rayo vallecano .  argentina star has now scored in 18 consecutive league games .  chelsea move third in epl as tottenham slips up .  napoli keeps pressure on serie a leader juventu .
 netanyahu : no palestinian state on my watch <sec> `` impunity wo n't bring peace , only justice will , '' chief palestinian negotiator says .  creating palestinian state is `` simply giving a base for attacks to the radical islam , '' pm says .  benjamin netanyahu 's words come as he courts conservative voters a day before election .
 police : suspect dead , had slain cop 's gun <sec> police : officer fired gun after suspect approached and reached toward waist .  maurice clemmons had been sought in killings of four police officers .  slain suspect had abdominal wound , victim 's gun , police say .  at least three accused of helping clemmons elude polic .
 africans reach out to obama via text messages <sec> more than 5,000 messages sent to obama during his visit to ghana .  despite widespread poverty , africa has a vibrant cell phone market .  three african journalists from south africa , senegal , kenya will vet questions .  obama will address the questions on african radio stations and via web vide .
 american teens among mall attackers , kenya says <sec> the perpetrators include 2 or 3 americans and 1 british woman , kenya 's foreign minister says .  the americans are 18 and 19 , of somali origin , she said .  in a recruitment video , an american called jihadi training camps `` the real disneyland '' .  40 to 50 americans have been recruited , a u.s. lawmaker say .
 south african app snapscan 'rocks the world ' of mobile payments <sec> snapscan is an award-winning app allowing buyers to pay with their smartphone .  users do not need to worry about carrying cash or losing their credit cards .  mobile apps are changing the way business is done in many african countries .  the continent is a global leader in digital mobile payment .
 side effect of larger smartphones : more data usage <sec> people with larger smartphones tend to use more data , a new study has found .  devices with screens 4.5-inches and larger average 7.2 gigabytes a month in data .  large smartphones are still the minority in the u.s but are gaining popularit .
 opinion : teens ' killing bad for mideast peace <sec> frida ghitis : the killing of three israeli students hurts mideast peace process .  ghitis : israelis are consumed with grief , but they are watching how the world reacts .  she says palestinians who are outraged should speak out loudly against the tragedy .  ghitis : that would spark a positive reaction and create energy toward reconciliatio .
 rescue drill reaches 33 trapped chilean miners <sec> new : the first of the men could be pulled above ground as early as wednesday , official says .  chilean president says mine collapse `` ending as a true blessing '' .  rescue workers still face a multitude of challenges .  the men have been trapped since august .
 karzai : freed rape victim has choice to marry attacker <sec> hamid karzai : `` it 's up to her to decide who to marry or who not to marry '' .  his intervention led to a rape victim who was jailed for adultery over the attack being freed .  karzai says her case appeared to be a `` misjudgment '' .  gulnaz , 21 , is now staying at a women 's shelter with her daughter , conceived in the attac .
 sweet choir o'mine : children on song for new movie <sec> the african children 's choir helps vulnerable children .  the choir has toured the world , earning the children money and a better education .  the troupe are the subject of new documentary `` imba means sing '' .  past choir members have gone on to become lawyers , doctors and teacher .
 brazil crash out to netherlands in world cup quarterfinals <sec> the netherlands beat brazil 2-1 in world cup quarterfinal in port elizabeth .  robinho put brazil ahead but an own goal by felipe melo saw the dutch level .  wesley sneijder scores winner for the dutch in 68th minute .  melo sent off soon afterwards for fouling arjen robbe .
 america 's best flea markets <sec> the next brimfield market in massachusetts is september 8 to 13 .  alameda , california , has an antique and flea market the first sunday of each month .  brooklyn flea features secondhand goods and wares from local designer .
 dubai airshow : 'gulf three ' deals will strike fear into rival airlines <sec> gulf airlines strike more than $ 150 billion in commercial plane deals in dubai .  cnn 's richard quest : huge deals by `` gulf three '' send strong message to rivals .  big deals in dubai show that power shift in aviation to gulf airlines happening fast .  quest : gulf three are n't worried , but everyone else should b .
 europe 's bailout fund : where countries stand <sec> germany 's approval of efsf expansion is seen as necessary for the fund 's success .  once opposed to efsf enhancement , the netherlands are expected to approve in early october .  members of slovakia 's coalition government steadfastly refuse to approve efsf expansio .
 $ 50m settlement in indiana state fair stage collapse <sec> scaffolding collapsed around an indiana state fair stage , killing 7 and injuring dozens .  victims and kin of those killed agree to a $ 50 million settlement in the case .  a separate case against a security company working the fair is continuing , law firm says .  earlier reports found the scaffolding was n't up to par ; emergency plans were inadequat .
 ex-brazilian president vows to beat cancer <sec> former president lula was diagnosed with cancer over the weekend .  he had his first chemotherapy this week .  he made a video thanking people for their suppor .
 puerto rico 's governor says 'government is bankrupt ' <sec> gov . .  luis fortuno wants to cut spending by $ 2 billion , cut government jobs .  fortuno : `` it 's up to us to confront the bitter reality that the government is bankrupt '' .  fortuno : `` i fear they could exceed 30,000 '' government job cuts '' .  fortuno : without immediate action , unemployment could top 10 percent in 2 year .
 5 key questions in boston bombing probe <sec> the capture of dzhokhar tsarnaev last week ended boston 's nightmare .  yet , investigators must answer `` a million questions '' .  there is still no clear motive for last week 's bombings .  and it 's still unclear if the suspects acted alon .
 ron paul ties gop in knots <sec> matt welch : gopers sidling up to ron paul after years of shunning libertarianism .  he says bush 's policies drove libertarians from the republican party .  he says romney may get gop nod , but paul votes are way up from 2008 .  welch : like it or not , gop may have to accommodate pau .
 newsquiz : week of september 26 <sec> use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student news .  write your answers in the space provided .  today 's newsquiz includes the media literacy question of the da .
 australian soccer hit by 'disturbing ' match-fixing scandal <sec> six people charged in australian soccer match-fixing scandal .  coach and players of victorian league team among those involved .  malaysian national accused of being contact man for overseas syndicates .  journalist says scandal `` is disturbing for australian sport in general .
 'frozen ' heats up 'once upon a time ' ratings <sec> `` once upon a time '' returned sunday .  there 's a `` frozen '' storyline this season .  ratings increased 31 % over last seaso .
 in midwest , jobs for brewers , nurses and chocolate makers <sec> the midwest has been hit hard in the recession , but some jobs are available .  cnn affiliates : offbeat industries like brewing and chocolate making are faring well .  nursing and health care are also seen as stable .  wrtv : the census bureau , which recently hosted a job fair , is hiring in indian .
 undocumented immigrant population estimated at 11.7 million <sec> undocumented immigrant population rose to 11.7 million in 2012 .  number represents those who crossed the u.s. borders illegally and those who overstayed their visas .  states such as georgia and north carolina have seen a population increase .  new numbers could affect the debate on potential comprehensive immigration refor .
 americans win nobel prize in chemistry for revealing gateway to cells <sec> new : the prize recognizes work revealing how cells sense chemicals .  new : their work has allowed drug makers to develop medication with fewer side effects .  nobel prizes in chemistry have often gone to life sciences .  other work praised this week also has deep implications for societ .
 opinion : is ukraine about to go nuclear again ? <sec> three scholars fear that russian actions in ukraine may force new nuclear dynamic .  a new global arms race may begin , and world will have putin to thank , they argue .  authors : disregard of law may end one of last century 's most important diplomatic agreement .
 police : officer made up story about shooting near high school <sec> the officer says he was checking on a man who was peering into vehicles .  police release a sketch of the gunman , locks down schools and offers a reward .  the officer is later arrested for filing a false police report .  police : investigation `` refutes stenroos ' initial account .
 apparently this matters : wikipedia random roulette <sec> `` apparently this matters '' is cnn tech 's weekly skewed look at social media .  this week , jarrett bellini dives down the wormhole of wikipedia 's `` random article '' tool .  czech hockey player jiri ondracek was the random page .  what followed ? .  czech history , metric equations and , gladly , no nickelbac .
 fbi searches for clues in ricin investigation <sec> new : i did n't even know what ricin is , cleared suspect tells cnn .  on tuesday , authorities dropped charges against paul kevin curtis .  fbi agents searched a former martial arts studio on wednesday , lawyer says .  the studio 's former operator denies involvement through his attorne .
 this is the year microsoft fights back <sec> microsoft is nowhere in smartphones or tablets , but the company hopes to change that .  next month , users will be able to download and test a not-quite-finished version of windows 8 .  microsoft has teamed up with nokia , the biggest cell phone maker in the worl .
 nasa looks for places to display retired space shuttles <sec> nasa gauges interest of museums and schools for properly housing shuttles .  discovery , atlantis and endeavour will be retired by 2010 .  discovery has been offered to the smithsonian national air and space museum .  the privilege of showing off a shuttle wo n't be cheap -- about $ 42 millio .
 america 's best north-south roads <sec> traverse 15 states along us 1 from maine to key west .  take us 61 from minnesota to new orleans , stopping for blues in mississippi .  no u.s. highway hits more iconic national parks than us 8 .
 3 killed in german train crash , police say <sec> the train collided with a maintenance crane on the track , police say .  the collision occurred near the city of offenbach , close to frankfurt .  the train driver and two construction workers died , police sa .
