 human rights groups denounce duvalier decision <sec> a haitian judge says jean-claude duvalier will face corruption charges .  but he says the statute of limitations has run out on human rights violations .  global rights monitors say duvalier must face justice .  the former dictator is accused of the rape , torture and killing of haitian .
 why i pushed my wheelchair 3,300 miles <sec> paralympian ryan chalmers was born with spina bifida .  starting in april , he pushed his wheelchair from los angeles to new york .  chalmers wanted to help promote `` disability sports .
 farming to the fore as greenland ice thaws <sec> temperatures in greenland thought to have been higher during the 10th century when discovered by eric the red .  as ice melts today , greenland is becoming a better place to farm a variety of crops .  numbers of livestock , such as sheep , could double from current population of 20,000 , says farme .
 white house report warns of climate change effects <sec> man-made climate change is adversely affecting the u.s. , says a federal report .  report : changes will stress water resources , challenge crops and raise sea levels .  document is released by white house science adviser and mandated by congress .  report 's predictions : hotter heat waves , more flooding and an increase in wildfire .
 united airlines ends coach preboarding for children <sec> united no longer lets coach fliers with small kids board before general boarding .  airline spokesman : `` we figured it would be better to simplify that process '' .  a passenger advocate says the move is `` anti-family '' .  united : we 'll work to accommodate families who need additional hel .
 remains found in illinois are not stacy peterson <sec> new : testing reveals remains belong to a male , officials say .  rib cage , spinal column and partial left femur bones among body parts found .  remains found on south bank of des plaines river .  area is near homes of stacy peterson , lisa stebi .
 the rev . sun myung moon to be laid to rest in south korea <sec> ceremony in cheongpyeong , south korea , will take place saturday .  prayers , singing , floral tributes , eulogies expected as moon 's remains arrive at an arena .  moon , 92 , died on september 3 after complications related to pneumonia .  the unification church founder had been a high-profile evangelist for decade .
 computer model says unc will win tournament <sec> people are using computer models to try to pick ncaa basketball winners .  a successful model from georgia tech picks unc to win this year .  as more data is available online , the practice appears to be more popular .  one professor says it 's more fun to watch for fun than fill out bracke .
 jesse matthew indicted in 2005 assault <sec> jesse matthew indicted in 2005 virginia sexual assault .  charges also include abduction , attempted murder .  university of virginia student hannah graham missing since september 13 .  human remains were found over the weekend near where she was last see .
 'mass casualties ' reported after plane crashes at nevada air show <sec> new : a reno , nevada , hospital says two people are dead .  new : a top official tells reporters 54 people were transported with injuries .  a memorial will be held for the pilot on saturday .  witness : `` i thought he was coming right on top of us .
 tokyo gas attack suspect arrested after 17 years on run <sec> naoko kikuchi arrested after 17 years on the run .  member of a doomsday cult behind 1995 nerve gas attack .  attack on tokyo subway killed 13 people and injured 5,500 .  police say kikuchi has admitted to helping make the ga .
 director sam taylor-johnson chosen for 'fifty shades of grey ' <sec> director sam taylor-johnson gained fame in 2009 for 'nowhere boy ' about john lennon .  she later married the film 's star , aaron taylor-johnson , who 's 23 years her junio .
 u.s. general brings baghdad standard home <sec> new : u.s. troops did `` truly remarkable '' things in iraq , austin says .  `` welcome home , '' joint chiefs chairman tells troops .  tuesday 's ceremony was the formal finale of the u.s. military mission in iraq .  as many as 4,500 americans were killed in the nearly 9-year wa .
 lukashenko vows 'no color revolution ' in belarus <sec> belarus president vows to resist anti-government movement .  he says any government-toppling insurrection will be stopped .  news reports say police used tear gas and batons on protesters sunda .
 japan 's shinzo abe calls on tepco to decommission 2 fukushima reactors <sec> abe asks tepco to decommission reactors 5 and 6 at the crippled nuclear plant .  those two reactors did n't suffer the same level of damage as the other four .  the prime minister visits the fukushima plant amid concerns about toxic water leaks .  he sets tepco a deadline of march 2014 to fix the contaminated water proble .
 coburn 's last stand kills terrorism insurance act <sec> sen. tom coburn insisted on changes to a bill reauthorizing a terrorism insurance program .  changes would require action by the house , which is on break , senate majority leader says .  the bill will expire at year 's end ; republicans say they 'll make the insurance a priority next month .  nfl spokesman : speculation that the super bowl will be canceled is `` not true .
 your a to z guide to march madness <sec> ncaa tournament brackets revealed on selection sunday , march 11 .  to kickoff march madness 2012 , this primer will explain what you 'll find in your brackets .  the indiana hoosiers are back in the tournament for the first time since 2008 .  reigning uconn huskies hope to defend their title despite a rocky seaso .
 missing american robert levinson not 'abandoned ' in iran , kerry says <sec> secretary of state john kerry says he 's raised issue of levinson `` at the highest level '' .  levinson disappeared almost 7 years ago on an alleged business trip .  multiple reports this past week suggest levinson may have been working for the cia .  mccain : if the government lied about levinson , it may be time to reassess oversigh .
 opinion : falling under the spell of a slain terrorist <sec> anwar al-awlaki was killed by a u.s. drone strike in 2011 , but continues to influence jihadists .  peter bergen notes that the cleric 's influence was clear in boston marathon indictment .  other terrorism cases in the u.s. bear imprint of awlaki 's statements , bergen says .  bergen : will others sympathetic to al qaeda continue to spread his teachings .
 ex-detroit mayor got free trips from pension fund broker , feds say <sec> an sec lawsuit names kwame kilpatrick and his former treasurer .  the suit says they got free trips from a company that wanted to handle detroit pensions .  kilpatrick resigned in 2008 and faces federal racketeering charge .
 messi hat-trick gives barcelona a 4-3 win in el clasico thriller <sec> lionel messi 's hat-trick lifts barcelona to a 4-3 win over 10-man real madrid .  messi becomes the leading scorer in el clasico history , passing alfredo di stefano .  barcelona opened the scoring before real madrid took 2-1 and 3-2 leads .  atletico madrid moves atop the la liga standings after a 2-0 win over beti .
 five things we learned from thursday 's vice presidential debate <sec> biden came armed with statistics and bluster .  vp also proved he had some punch in him , but was it too much ? .  just what is malarkey ? .  america wanted to know .  ryan meets challenge of looking like he 's ready for the jo .
 challenge filed to stop resumption of same-sex marriages in california <sec> lawyers : court should n't have lifted a stay on same-sex marriages in california .  they ask for `` an immediate order '' vacating that decision , after which weddings resumed .  a gay rights spokesman says the appeals court 's actions were `` entirely proper '' .  u.s. supreme court paved the way for the appeals court 's move with a ruling wednesda .
 judge orders release of mexican singer accused of rape <sec> the judge says not enough evidence existed for a trial .  kalimba was deported from the united states last week .  the pop star maintains his innocenc .
 jay-z to sell his stake in nba 's nets <sec> jay-z is selling his stake in the brooklyn nets .  earlier this month , he launched a sports management agency .  `` i will always be a brooklyn net , '' he said in a statemen .
 with l.a. 405 closure , it 's all about surviving 'carmageddon ' <sec> new : aaa advises motorists to be courteous .  major freeway project this weekend in los angeles .  interstate 405 work will cause backups throughout the region .  people are being warned to plan , avoid the area or stay hom .
 utah stepdad foils abduction , authorities say <sec> new : 911 caller says she and her husband heard door open and their little girl talking .  police say troy mitchell morley tried to take 5-year-old from home .  family spokesman tells cnn affiliate child is doing fine .  morley will face felony charge .
 the magic and misery of monza <sec> built in 1922 monza is the oldest track on the formula one calendar .  la pista magica has hosted some of the greatest races and deadliest crashes .  one of the quickest tracks in the world with speeds of up to 370 kp .
 inmates running the asylum ? in honduras prisons , that 's no joke <sec> a report says honduran officials have ceded control of prisons to inmates .  in one prison , the division between prisoners and guards is known as `` the line of death '' .  investigators describe large bazaars with food , household goods for sale .  honduran president porfirio lobo sends troops into one prison after clashes erup .
 how do you test a live shark ? quickly and carefully , researchers say <sec> shark researchers seek to temporarily capture the fish off massachusetts to collect data .  hooked sharks are guided into a `` sharklift , '' where scientists take samples , attach transponders .  the sharks ' movements are monitored on non-profit 's website .  the information can be used to improve public safety , protect sharks , researchers sa .
 americans miss out on the best of the games <sec> frida ghitis : olympic coverage in the u.s. understandably focuses on u.s. athletes .  ghitis : but fascinating stories , like the sudanese runner who had been a slave , are missed .  she says americans wo n't see the afghan athlete who endured threats to keep her home .  ghitis : in hundreds of hours of coverage , nbc should find time for the rest of the world .
 10 ways to be creative <sec> two neuroscientists have conducted brain imaging to examine moments of clarity .  sudden `` insights '' are otherwise known as `` eureka '' or `` aha '' moments .  we can increase our chance of these insights with a variety of daily change .
 swayze 's 2 years with pancreatic cancer 'an accomplishment ' <sec> patrick swayze battled pancreatic cancer for nearly two years .  about 95 percent of those with pancreatic cancer die from it , experts say .  dozens of drugs are in development or being tested in trials for the disease .  doctors encourage patients to try to live their lives normally while in treatmen .
 chinese dissident artist ai weiwei loses tax evasion appeal <sec> chinese dissident artist ai weiwei lost final appeal against tax evasion charges .  ai liable for back taxes and fines of rmb 15.52m ( us $ 2.4m ) .  court ruled without holding hearing , did not serve sufficient notice of ruling , said legal adviser .  ai says he is `` just as vulnerable '' as ordinary citizen .
 opinion : are the pro-russian rebels terrorists ? <sec> ukraine president says pro-russian rebels should be called terrorists .  richard barrett : there 's no internationally agreed definition of terrorism .  under '71 agreement , malaysian jet 's downing would be terrorism -- but only if intentional .  barrett : the world is seeing a merging of terrorist groups and quasi-state .
 women behind the wheel in drive for equality in the philippines <sec> women driving new electric jeepneys on streets of manila .  public transportation in philippines dominated by male drivers .  philippines ranks high on wef gender gap index .  public attitudes to women drivers are positive , says female jeepney driver .
 nbc apologizes to bachmann over song <sec> new : the nbc apology letter called the incident `` unacceptable '' .  the candidate called for the network to apologize over the incident on jimmy fallon 's show .  a song with a derogatory title was played as bachmann walked on stage monday .  fallon apologized by twitter on tuesda .
 prosecutors : businessman got women for berlusconi <sec> newly filed court documents reveal details of inquiry into associates of berlusconi .  transcripts show berlusconi and businessman tarantini often discussed girls .  berlusconi is not charged in the case and has always denied wrongdoing .  he faces other trials , one over allegedly paying an underage girl for se .
 india 's space odyssey : moon dreams move east <sec> india made its first rocket launch on november 21 , 1963 .  indian space group list more than 60 events it considers `` milestones '' .  india launches its first unmanned mission to the moon in 2008 .  the south asian nation is seen as being in an asian space race with chin .
 alan gross , american imprisoned in cuba , pleads for u.s. help <sec> `` i 'm angry at the u.s. government , '' alan gross ' wife says .  `` we are asking president obama to get personally involved , '' she says .  secretary of state john kerry says discussions on gross ' release are ongoing .  cuban authorities say gross was illegally distributing satellite gea .
 accenture ending sponsorship deal with tiger woods <sec> accenture : woods no longer the right representative for our advertising .  company cites `` circumstances of the last two weeks '' .  woods announced friday he was taking break from golf to focus on family .  golfer admitted to infidelity in friday statemen .
 police pursue 'intriguing ' information in natalie wood case <sec> new : police receive `` intriguing '' information after recent press conference .  new : detectives have yet to interview the yacht captain .  wagner waited 4 hours to call the coast guard , yacht captain says .  natalie wood drowned off catalina island near los angeles in 198 .
 staking out dracula 's castle in romania <sec> ruins of poienari castle can be found in a rugged , isolated area of romania .  15th-century leader vlad dracula lived here , and tourists are sparse .  more tourists go to bran castle , which is intact but had little connection with vla .
 new google maps can help you avoid traffic <sec> google maps ' mobile app now includes real-time updates on traffic , accidents .  users ' reports of construction or road closures also will appear on the app .  the information comes via social-mapping app waze , which google bought this yea .
 chinese police chief fired over property scandal <sec> chinese police chief dismissed over probe into properties .  allegations center on a portfolio of 192 houses in cities in guangdong province .  the scandal follows similar cases of corruption involving fake ids .  china 's overheated property market has become a focus for speculator .
 wba champion haye to fight olympic gold medallist audley harrison <sec> wba heavyweight champion david haye is to fight ex-olympic gold medallist audley harrison .  all-british clash is to take place on november 13 in manchester .  the pair used to be friends before a public war of words erupted last year .  haye says fans have been begging him to finish harrison 's career once and for al .
 george zimmerman 's legal team presses case in court , public <sec> george zimmerman is charged with murder in the death of trayvon martin , 17 .  his lawyers want to loosen restrictions on zimmerman , saying he lives in fear .  the defense asks to talk to an investigator about a pleading voice on a 911 tape .  defense says zimmerman killed the unarmed martin in self-defens .
 by the numbers : 113th congress <sec> 3 - states with two women senators : california , new hampshire , and washington .  95 - percent of the u.s. senate that is white .  19 - percent of the u.s. house that belong to minority groups .  6 - number of reindeer owned by kerry bentivolio , a congressman-elect from michiga .
 university of michigan wo n't cancel 'american sniper ' <sec> some complained about the film 's depiction of the iraq war .  a petition asked the university not to show the bradley cooper fil .
 police : chicago-area man kills wife and two stepchildren <sec> a stepson says the man shot his mother , brother and sister .  the man was found dead at the scene of undetermined causes .  robbins , illinois , is about 20 miles south-southwest of chicag .
 q & a ; with 'walking dead ' special effects guru greg nicotero <sec> special effects master greg nicotero previews `` the walking dead '' theme park attraction .  he sneaks hidden tributes into `` waking dead '' episodes he directs .  `` the walking dead '' just got renewed for a fifth seaso .
 michigan prison escapee michael david elliot captured in indiana <sec> michael david elliot was captured in laporte county , indiana .  woman says elliot told her he was an escaped convict .  `` he just wants to get someplace far , '' she tells dispatchers .  elliot , 40 , was serving five life sentences for four murder .
 south africa : kidnap , rape and murder of toddlers shocks diepsloot <sec> two toddlers aged 2 and 3 were kidnapped , raped and killed in dietsloop township .  their bodies were found in a public toilet building .  five men are on trial accused of kidnapping , raping and killing the two girls .  south africa has one of the highest rates of sexual violence in the worl .
 parts of south prepare for cold , snow and ice <sec> winter storm watch in effect for parts of the south .  just a little snow or ice can be enough to cause havo .
 'fat leonard ' , lady gaga and the navy : new details in bribery case <sec> three navy officers charged with taking bribes from malaysian businessman .  two high-ranking navy intelligence officers have been suspended in wake of scandal .  former navy captain who crossed paths with businessman says he thinks officers were 'seduced ' .  government : officer developed friendship with businessman , called each other 'big bro ' and 'little bro .
 how tennis aced austerity <sec> atp world tour finals has attracted capacity crowds in london .  london confirmed as venue for atp showpiece through 2015 .  tennis has ridden economic downturn with record prize money on offer .  international appeal of stars such as roger federer and maria sharapova cite .
 kids using apps like ask.fm , kik to cyberbully <sec> arrests made after 12-year-old florida girl killed herself following hateful messages on ask.fm and kik .  two girls , ages 12 and 14 , now charged with felony aggravated stalking in the case .  `` why are n't you dead ? '' .  was just one of the messages rebecca sedwick received .  parents might know facebook and twitter , but kids have moved to other social site .
 two stranded pilot whales released off florida keys <sec> two male pilot whales are released in the atlantic ocean off the florida keys .  five others are being treated 24/7 in a holding pen .  they will be taken to key largo for further rehabilitation .  fourteen other whales died after stranding themselve .
 high winds , tornado trap georgia residents , turn over cars <sec> new : streets flood at college campus in western north carolina .  much of the affected region goes through huge temperature fluctuations .  a georgia tv news crew sees tornado form ; damage is reported in adairsville .  a tennessee man dies when a tree falls on his home , emergency managers sa .
 7 deluxe ways to embrace winter <sec> a relative newcomer to gstaad offers a cuban cigar room .  an aspen hotel has ski boot warming and dog sitting services .  the ritz-carlton , lake tahoe has its own marshmallow exper .
 victim 's relative : defendant in boat shootings to plead guilty <sec> victim 's relative says plea deal is in exchange for dropping the death penalty .  kirby archer , guillermo zarabozo accused of killing crew of joe cool .  none of the victims ' bodies has been found .  documents : change of plea hearing scheduled for thursda .
 papiss cisse sits out newcastle trip over religious beliefs -- agent <sec> muslim striker papiss cisse refuses to wear newcastle 's club shirt on religious grounds .  the shirt sponsor , wonga , lends money at an annual interest rate of 5,800 percent .  under sharia law , making money from interest charges is n't allowed .  cisse wore newcastle 's jersey last season when it was sponsored by virgin mone .
 afghanistan to release 65 prisoners ; u.s. condemns move <sec> afghanistan plans to release 65 prisoners from bagram prison .  the u.s. military calls them `` dangerous '' and condemns the move .  an afghan official says there is n't enough evidence to hold them .  the united states calls it `` a major step backward .
 pakistani prime minister candidate fractures spine after dramatic fall <sec> imran khan and his guards tumbled about 20 feet near a rally stage .  khan is one of two frontrunners for prime minister .  saturday 's election will mark pakistan 's first democratic transition of power .  the run-up to pakistan 's elections has been beset by violence , particularly by the pakistani taliba .
