 nicholas mevoli dies trying to set freediving record <sec> nicholas mevoli hoped to reach a depth of 72 meters .  he lost consciousness after he surfaced .  organizers are trying to figure out what happene .
 second life affair ends in divorce <sec> british couple divorce over alleged affair in virtual world second life .  woman says she caught ex-husband having online sex with a virtual prostitute .  ex-husband admits online relationship , denies `` cyber sex or anything like that .
 curfew imposed in tunisia <sec> dawn-to-dusk curfew follows unrest , torching of government offices .  government blames `` salafis and persons with criminal records '' .  the curfew is imposed in eight governorates , including the capital .  uprising in tunisia set off 2011 'arab spring .
 oldest known bible goes online <sec> handwritten codex sinaiticus is more than 1,600 years old .  includes two books not part of official new testament .  discovered in a monastery in sinai desert in egypt more than 160 years ago .  scholar named constantine tischendorf recognized its significance in 184 .
 blood , possible grave of pregnant marine found at suspect 's house <sec> new : tests find `` trace of violent activity in the house , '' sheriff says .  new : investigators : suspect left a note saying marine had committed suicide .  new : source : witness who came forward friday is suspect 's wife .  official : we think we have found lauterbach 's skeletal remain .
 nigella lawson faces police drugs investigation <sec> uk police to examine evidence that celebrity chef nigella lawson took cocaine .  news came days after lawson 's two former assistants were cleared of fraud .  both assistants claimed to have seen signs of repeated drug use by lawson .  lawson admits having occasionally used drugs including cocain .
 andy schleck wins on galibier to revive tour hopes <sec> andy schleck wins 18th stage of the tour de france on col du galibier .  schleck closes to within 15 seconds of race leader thomas voeckler of france .  andy 's brother takes second on the stage to improve to third overall .  defending champion alberto contador loses time on the final clim .
 'batman v superman ' release moved to avoid 'captain america 3 ' <sec> both movies were set for may 2016 .  `` batman v superman '' moved to march 2016 .  henry cavill and ben affleck will sta .
 'el chapo ' guzman : behind arrest of world 's most wanted drug lord <sec> during raid , joaquin `` el chapo '' guzman had an ak-47 next to his bed .  the sinaloa cartel boss was captured after more than a decade on the run .  official : investigators used infrared scanners to pinpoint guzman 's location .  wiretaps and informants helped authorities to close i .
 nadal to make davis cup comeback in spain tie with belgium <sec> rafael nadal is named in spain 's davis cup squad by captain albert costa .  world no . .  1 is expected to have recovered from wrist injury to play belgium in march .  first time 24-year-old will have played in team event since winning it in 2009 .  world no . .  8 roddick returns to u.s. team under new captain jim courie .
 uk lender bradford & bingley nationalized <sec> santander to take over uk bank 's retail deposit and branch network .  british government take on bank 's toxic loans .  santander said to be paying £600 million for b & .
 when glass touch screens feel like sandpaper <sec> a new form of touch-screen technology debuts this week .  teslatouch aims to let touch screen users feel different sensations on glass .  the technology uses electrical impulses to simulate friction and texture .  the disney research project has not been commercialize .
 airasia disaster 's lasting effects ( opinion ) <sec> alan khee-jin tan : flight qz8501 stirs fears passengers might lose confidence .  but he says low-cost pioneer airasia will probably weather this difficult period .  airline has won the loyalty and gratitude of millions of working-class asians , he say .
 syria civil war deaths top 160,000 , opposition group says <sec> the dead include 8,607 children , according to syrian observatory for human rights .  total number includes civilians , military members , defected soldiers and foreign fighters .  syria 's presidential election is scheduled for next mont .
 branson spacecraft completes test flight <sec> vss enterprise remained attached to carrier aircraft for duration of near 3-hour flight .  test-flight program is expected to continue through 2011 before commercial flights start .  virgin galactic has envisioned one flight a week , with six tourists aboard .  each will pay $ 200,000 for the ride and train for at least three days before goin .
 how apple cuts costs in building its gadgets <sec> the parts and manufacturing for apple products mostly happens overseas .  it 's common for consumer electronics to be built in asian factories .  apple has more than 150 suppliers and manufacturers for its product .
 indian baby 's case opens doors into a dark world <sec> baby falak is fighting for her life in a new delhi hospital .  a teenage girl brought her there with severe injuries .  a police probe is unearthing a possible human trafficking ring .  10 people have been arrested in a case that could be hug .
 opinion : it 's 'way past time ' for gay rights law <sec> john sutter : congress should pass employment non-discrimination act .  enda would protect lgbt people from being fired because of who they are .  a majority of americans in every state support this concept , surveys show .  sutter says it 's a matter of fairness and justice , not politic .
 twins reunited after 78 years <sec> ann hunt was adopted as a child and never knew she had a twin .  her sister elizabeth hamel knew she had a sister , thought it would be hard to find her .  hunt 's daughter discovered the connection while doing research into her family history .  the two were reunited in california by a professor who studies twin .
 stanton 's son replies to comments <sec> travis stanton watched cnn 's `` her name was steven '' with his father , susan stanton .  travis appreciates all of the feedback he gets . .  here , he responds to viewer comments about his earlier essay .  in particular , travis discusses his schoolmates ' reaction .
 captured fugitive 'whitey ' bulger appears before judges <sec> new : restaurant manager recalls the pair 's fancy meal .  james `` whitey '' bulger looks forward to facing charges , attorney says .  bulger 's brother , a former state senator , smiled at the former fugitive during proceedings .  james bulger 's girlfriend appears in separate hearin .
 an explosion , a scream , then silence <sec> norm beaman was racing home to his property when he lost touch with wife .  phone contact went dead after an explosion next to their property .  reporter was held back by police roadblock as wildfire ravaged his hom .
 ten jobs that pay $ 20 an hour <sec> 59 percent of u.s. workers are waged labor ( paid hourly ) .  u.s. census bureau : median household salary is $ 48,201 .  that puts the average hourly rate at $ 23.17 based on a 40-hour workweek .  other $ 20/hr jobs : clergy , electrician , and food scientist .
 emmys 2014 : snubs that made you turn off your tv <sec> the 2014 emmy nominations were announced , and not everyone is celebrating .  `` orphan black '' was among the shows fans thought should have been honored .  66th annual awards will be given august 25 at ceremony hosted by seth meyer .
 star remembers 'patty duke show ' as haven <sec> first season of `` the patty duke show '' out on dvd .  in program , duke played identical cousins patty and cathy lane .  duke remembers show as haven during tough times as teenager .  actress later was diagnosed as bipolar ; she now helps people who have diseas .
 the ireport awards : 36 stories that prove citizen journalism matters <sec> we 're proud to reveal the nominees for the 3rd annual ireport awards .  the 36 ireports are examples of top community journalism and participatory storytelling .  for the first time , cnn will honor the best citizen reporting outside of cnn ireport .  the recipients of the ireport awards will be announced on may 1 .
 charles taylor : war crimes sentence to be served in uk <sec> charles taylor to serve war crimes sentence in uk .  court in the hague upheld charles taylor 's conviction and 50-year sentence .  he was president of liberia from 1997 until 2003 , when he fled under pressure .  he was convicted of supplying , encouraging rebels in sierra leone in a campaign of terro .
 opinion : the lesson of the 'marlboro man ' <sec> fourth marlboro man dies from smoking ; new report shows smoking still an epidemic .  44 million americans smoke , and a third of all cancer deaths caused by tobacco use .  writers : we 've gone a long way but smoking will kill nearly half a million people in u.s. this year .  tobacco use is the most preventable cause of death , and we need to redouble effort .
 senate debates stripping epa of authority to regulate greenhouse gases <sec> new : supporters of resolution claim epa has exceeded proper authority .  new : opponents argue that resolution puts politics ahead of real science .  senate to vote thursday on resolution removing epa 's ability to regulate greenhouse gases .  measure needs 51 votes to pas .
 sri lanka : tamil leader has been killed <sec> sri lankan government says tamil chief velupillai prabhakaran is dead .  the offensive against the rebel group is in its last stages , the government says .  rebels have fought for an independent state for minority tamils since 198 .
 sri lanka military : rebel naval base captured <sec> military says it killed at least 14 rebels in the fighting .  government troops , rebels battling for remaining rebel strongholds in north .  aid groups say as many as 250,000 civilians are trapped in the area .  ethnic tamil minority fighting for an independent homeland since 198 .
 haiti missionary : we had 'good intentions ' <sec> 10 american missionaries face child kidnapping charges in haiti .  one of the eight who were released appeared on `` oprah '' .  jim allen says missionaries were only trying to help haitians .  police treated them as well as they could , he sai .
 yemen 's president should stay in saudi arabia for a while , doctors say <sec> new : u.n. security council expresses `` grave concern '' about situation in yemen .  four soldiers and a civilian were killed at an aden checkpoint , official says .  doctors say they think saleh needs a bit more time to heal .  yemeni officials continue to say they hope he 'll return `` within days .
 protests continue against murder of nepalese journalist <sec> nepalese journalist who reported on women 's rights hacked to death sunday .  uma singh said before her death : `` things have become very , very difficult for us '' .  u.n. asks govt . .  to investigate , prosecute death threats against other journalists .  journalists group : 284 incidents against journalists in 2008 , including 3 death .
 african union accuses icc of bias , seeks delay of leaders ' cases <sec> `` we have resolved to speak with one voice '' on icc issue , official says .  some african leaders say the international court unfairly targets the continent .  rights group say the court is crucial in ensuring justice for everyone .  a total of 34 african countries are icc member .
 big bird chirps up on twitter <sec> big bird joins the ranks of famous creatures on twitter .  the `` sesame street '' character 's first message : `` tweet ? .
 lawmakers weigh in on miley 's mexican flag fiasco <sec> miley cyrus act in monterrey included a `` spanking '' with the mexican flag .  nuevo leon state legislator : `` she brazenly made fun of our flag '' .  he says mexico 's interior ministry has opened an investigation .  tuesday , the day of the incident , was mexico 's independence da .
 newsquiz : week of april 16 <sec> use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student news .  write your answers in the space provided .  today 's newsquiz includes the media literacy question of the da .
 jailed pussy riot member gets prison move after hunger strike <sec> new : russian authorities decide to move nadezhda tolokonnikova to a different prison .  her husband earlier said she had resumed a hunger strike in protest at conditions .  she was hospitalized after going on hunger strike for several days last month .  she was sentenced to two years in prison for her role in a pussy riot protest performanc .
 amal clooney to push egypt to free al jazeera reporter <sec> clooney will go to cairo to push for mohamed fahmy 's freedom .  fahmy is one of three journalists arrested in cairo in december 2013 .  one journalist , peter greste , was recently release .
 pakistan president urged not to pardon christian woman <sec> new : two muslim leaders warn of protests if president zardari frees asia bibi .  she was sentenced to death for insulting islam 's prophet mohammed .  presidential spokeswoman : pakistan is committed to protecting religious minorities .  a provincial governor has said the president is expected to pardon bib .
 county gop group censures official over obama chimp depiction <sec> an orange county 's republican committee censures marilyn davenport .  the committee member had sent an e-mail depicting obama as a chimp .  she apologized twice , while insisting it was `` political satire '' and not racist .  the gop group called her apologies insincere , saying she blamed other .
 man in custody in new york city subway death <sec> no charges have been filed against a 34-year-old man being held .  a man was pushed to his death from a subway platform .  bronx resident wai kuen kwok , 61 , was killed by the incoming trai .
 lampedusa ship accident : 31 dead , 200 rescued , officials says <sec> new : at least 31 people have died , the maltese military says .  new : a dozen people or more are still believed missing , the military says .  new : more than 200 survivors have been pulled from the water , the military says .  the ship appeared to be unstable , and then capsized , the military say .
 scientists : 'positive ' results in 1st human trial of experimental ebola vaccine <sec> a virologist says the trial is an essential first step and justifies some optimism .  all 20 volunteers in the first clinical trial of the vaccine produced anti-ebola antibodies .  none of the volunteers suffered serious side effects , the national institutes of health says .  the vaccine carries genetic material from the virus , but there 's no risk of ebola infectio .
 former fiesta bowl executive indicted in campaign contributions case <sec> natalie wisneski is accused of steering fiesta bowl money to political campaigns .  political contributors were reimbursed with fiesta bowl money , prosecutors allege .  the u.s. attorney for arizona says the investigation continue .
 mickelson considering baseball buyout <sec> phil mickelson is considering an investment in the san diego padres .  the four-time major winner could bid for baseball team as part of a consortium .  the san diego native earned reported $ 48 million between may 2011 and may 2012 .  forbes magazine estimates mickelson has pocketed $ 378 million in last eight year .
 kaori matsumoto : the 'beast ' of japan - or like peter pan ? <sec> kaori matsumoto is the first japanese woman judoka to win olympic gold in 57 kg division .  she was the only member of japan 's judo team to claim a title at london 2012 .  one of her coaches describes her as being `` like peter pan , with a heart of a young boy '' .  matsumoto is known for fighting with her `` wild '' spirit rather than techniqu .
 kenya petrol tanker explosion kills 100 <sec> tanker explosion occurred near molo , a small town in the rift valley province .  kenyan red cross : residents rush to scoop up gas from overturned tanker .  vehicle exploded an hour later after a resident lit a fire , red cross official say .
 thursday in davos : hassan rouhani , benjamin netanyahu take the stage <sec> six heads of state , including iran 's hassan rouhani and israel 's benjamin netanyahu will speak on thursday .  highlights include discussion on humanitarian crisis in war-torn syria and europe 's recovery from crisi .
 nfl 's detroit lions sign united states rugby sevens star carlin isles <sec> detroit lions sign united states rugby sevens international carlin isles .  isles impressed after being invited to a routine workout with the nfl side .  he has been signed as a wide receiver for the lions ' practice squa .
 facebook 'likes ' more profitable than tweets <sec> study : marketers looking for monetary returns might get more value from facebook .  average tweet drove 80 cents in ticket sales , average facebook like drove $ 1.34 .  people shared events on facebook almost four times as often as they did on twitte .
 coast guard says 2 bogus mayday calls possibly linked <sec> the coast guard received apparent false mayday calls off new jersey and texas .  a houston reporter alerted the agency to similarities in the calls .  the coast guard is relying on the media and tips from the public to find the caller .
 madrid 's blue clay given red card by atp <sec> blue clay used at madrid masters this year has been banned by the atp for all 2013 world tour events .  rafael nadal and novak djokovic voiced disapproval after losing matches on surface .  surface pioneered by former romanian tennis star and businessman ion tiria .
 human to hero : wheelchair warrior in the world of 'murderball ' <sec> garet hickling is one of the top players in wheelchair rugby .  the 41-year-old canadian will be targeting gold at the 2012 paralympics .  hickling broke his neck in a fall in 1987 which killed one of his friends .  he is renowned for his robust play in a sport once named `` murderball .
 prince charles visits syrian refugee camp in jordan <sec> new : european union official killed in rocket attack in syria .  jordan averages about 7,000 new syrian refugees daily , unicef says .  the syria civil war began about two years ago .  report : the war has afflicted more than 2 million children with trauma , malnutrition or diseas .
 review : 'ides of march ' is thrilling <sec> george clooney heads up a star-studded cast in `` the ides of march '' .  the political drama follows the presidential campaign of a pennsylvania governor .  philip seymour hoffman , ryan gosling and marissa tomei also co-sta .
 guyana : it takes a village to build a library <sec> villagers in guyana work together to build a library with donated books , computers .  part of a communal dream , some painted , while others shelved donated books .  the bible was the only book many villagers had ever seen or touched before the new library .  if you want to donate books , go to village 's facebook page or to better world book .
 pigs , pastors , paris : top 10 election moments <sec> most memorable election moments likely to include gaffes and embarrassments .  biden , obama , mccain and clinton all hit headlines for wrong reasons .  palin generated many headlines for wrong reasons in last weeks of campaig .
 3 trains in accident in northwest indiana <sec> csx said there appears to have been no significant leaks or spills .  one train rear-ended another , causing it to jackknife , authorities said .  two injuries are reported .  about 50 nearby households are evacuated as a precautio .
 al qaeda seizes town in southern yemen , residents say <sec> al qaeda fighters drove out local tribesmen , shaqra residents tell cnn .  the militants took control in less than an hour , one resident says .  the government hopes to retake the town soon , a local security official say .
 'stolen ' african skulls return to namibia <sec> 20 skulls taken by german scientists over a century ago have been returned to namibia .  they were used in experiments in an attempt to prove the supposed racial supremacy of whites .  historians agree this type of research was a precursor to nazi ideolog .
 minnesota car crash leaves 2 children dead , 3 others injured <sec> new : 2 children die .  a 1998 pontiac grand am ran off the road .  the other children suffered serious injures .  weather , drugs and alcohol likely did not play a role in the cras .
 children for sale sadly easy to find in nigeria <sec> cnn team finds a man at `` unofficial '' displaced camp willing to provide children to be `` fostered '' .  he says he ca n't take money for them , but eventually demands $ 500 for two girl .
