 lakers retain nba title with win over celtics <sec> los angeles lakers beat the boston celtics 83-79 in game seven of the nba finals .  l.a won back-to-back championships and their 16th ever title .  kobe bryant secured his fifth nba title .  boston could not repear the performance that saw them win 17th title in 200 .
 bhutto : corruption charges remain <sec> pakistani opposition leader says she doubts corruption charges are lifted .  benazir bhutto says move has stalled talks on deal with president musharraf .  bhutto says intends to end exile and return to pakistan on october 1 .
 men 'plotted to blow up jets with liquid bombs ' <sec> prosecutors say the men planned to make bombs out of household items .  eight accused of being involved in an islamic fundamentalist plot .  american airlines , united airlines and air canada were alleged intended target .
 new water fears close west virginia schools <sec> lingering concerns after a january chemical spill close west virginia schools .  a january spill dumped 10,000 gallons of a methanol compound into a nearby river .  `` we are still getting feedback that there is a level of worry , '' water company spokeswoman say .
 fifa to probe bahrain 's 10-0 world cup qualifying win <sec> fifa will investigate bahrain 's world cup qualifying win over indonesia .  bahrain won wednesday 's match 10-0 , but needed qatar to lose .  qatar scored an 86th-minute equalizer to advance to the next phase of asian qualifying .  bahrain had scored just three goals in five previous group e matche .
 paul the octopus retires with world cup record intact <sec> paul the octopus will retire , the aquarium says .  the 2-year-old correctly predicted the result of eight world cup matches .  the aquarium is now considering work offers for pau .
 blame over beirut bombing focuses on syrian leader <sec> new : syrian forces open fire on anti-al-assad protesters across border , state media reports .  lebanese pm mikati is staying in power , despite his offer to resign .  mikati is backed by hezbollah .  blame over lebanese intel chief 's death is largely aimed at syrian regim .
 'python patrol ' targets giant snakes of south florida <sec> `` python patrol '' aims to keep giant burmese pythons from reaching florida keys .  pet owners have been dumping the snakes in the everglades .  burmese pythons can grow more than 20 feet long and eat animals whole .  the snakes `` are eating a lot of our endangered species , '' conservationist say .
 clinton urges quick ratification of nuclear arms treaty <sec> new : adm. mike mullen voices support for ratification of the new start treaty .  hillary clinton urges the senate to approve the treaty in the lame-duck session .  clinton , kerry and lugar warn that u.s. inspections of russia 's arsenal stopped last december .  republicans worry that the white house is n't doing enough to modernize the u.s. arsena .
 eyewitnesses : police stood idle in egypt football massacre <sec> eyewitnesses : police officers stood idle during violent clashes at football stadium .  scores of football supporters were killed ; hundreds were critically injured .  police conscripts stood by as rival fans attacked each other with rocks and chairs .  tensions high in egypt one year after the revolution that toppled hosni mubara .
 handcuffed captain : 'i had everybody stand by ' aboard sinking ferry <sec> new : the coast guard says 40 dives are planned for saturday .  divers have found three bodies on the third deck , the coast guard says .  capt . .  lee joon seok has been charged in connection with the ferry 's sinking .  lee says he left the helm briefly `` to tend to something '' in his cabi .
 small plane crashes into fort lauderdale parking lot , 3 dead <sec> new : all 3 people who were on the piper pa31 aircraft died , fire and city officials says .  the plane left fort lauderdale executive airport and tried to circle back , but did n't make it .  a witness says it hit a lot for towed vehicles , and that several of those vehicles exploded .  there were no fatalities or injuries among people on the ground , a fire official say .
 rice once appeared to be inevitable secretary of state <sec> new : susan rice 's seeming destiny is derailed by gop opposition over the benghazi attack .  rice was a high school valedictorian and a rhodes scholar .  her mentor madeleine albright recommended her for a top political job in the 1990s .  insiders say rice is aggressive , has sharp elbows and rubbed some the wrong wa .
 thai-american jailed for insulting monarchy receives royal pardon <sec> thailand has strict laws that punish insults of the royal family .  joe gordon has been released early from a 2 1/2 year prison sentence .  his case is one of several that drew criticism from human rights groups .  he wants to leave thailand immediately , his lawyer say .
 why beck should thank kanye <sec> garbage 's shirley manson criticized kanye west in an open letter .  west said beck should have given album of the year award to beyonce .  his music is skyrocketing on spotify , thanks to all the attentio .
 french comic banned : victory for french values ? <sec> the interior ministry adviced to ban a controversial comedian from performing if they deemed public order at risk .  france may not have a first amendment , but censorship is not considered lightly , poirier writes .  the government is walking a fine line between censorship and the respect of republican values , she say .
 official : navy did not know that 2004 alexis arrest involved gun <sec> one of the wounded victims was released from a hospital monday .  navy was not told in 2007 that aaron alexis had shot out tires of a car , senior official says .  navy says the navy yard shooter denied ever having been charged with a felony .  alexis shot 12 people dead before he was kille .
 gates wants geeks to build a better condom <sec> bill and melinda gates foundation issues $ 100,000 challenge .  condoms widely available ; goal is to create one that people will actually want to use .  aids continues to grow in africa and in u.s. minority communities .  new design would not need extensive clinical testing , foundation say .
 crewman 's e-mail gives harrowing details of hijacking <sec> matt fisher , crewman on alabama , sent e-mail to sailor on another maersk ship .  fisher tells how crew hid from the pirates and eventually overtook them .  key lesson : `` have a well-fortified location with food and water supply .
 today 's new orleans a tale of two cities <sec> russel honoré : post-katrina new orleans is a tale of two cities , haves vs. have nots .  progress in the business district but lingering blight in poorer neighborhoods , he says .  honoré points to new hotels , restaurants , public service buildings , charter schools .  but crime remains high , many homes still a wreck , little public housing for poor , he say .
 muslim groups : 'third jihad ' should cost nyc commissioner his job <sec> activists say `` the third jihad '' vilifies the muslim-american community .  the film was screened during a terrorism training course , according to documents .  commissioner apologizes , says film 's airing on nypd property was `` unauthorized '' .  groups are also calling for deputy police commissioner paul browne to resig .
 five die as honduras jet overshoots runway <sec> new : larger planes will be required to land at another airport .  tropical depression was over city on friday , says cnn 's guillermo arduino .  among dead : pilot , president of the central american bank for economic integration .  the airbus a-320 landed amid high winds , low visibilit .
 texas abortion showdown continues <sec> groups from both sides of the abortion debate crowd the texas capitol .  almost 2,000 people sign up to speak at a house committee hearing .  the bill would ban most abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy .  it passes a committee with an 8-3 vote ; the senate is looking at its own versio .
 can cain campaign survive the sexual harassment complaints ? <sec> herman cain 's campaign has so far survived accusations of sexual harassment .  julian zelizer says many factors affect whether a candidate can survive a scandal .  cain is helped by partisan atmosphere in american politics , zelizer says .  zelizer : ultimately the donors who fund campaign could bring it to an early en .
 horse country to appalachia reined in by recession <sec> horse racing industry is the source of some 100,000 jobs in kentucky .  domestic and international buyers have dialed back participation , horse farmer says .  unemployment rate in kentucky is 11.1 percent .  kentucky resident jokes , `` you get to see everybody ... because nobody 's at work .
 ferguson , michael brown : godsend to u.s. foes ( opinion ) <sec> frida ghitis : critics , foes of u.s. making hay with ferguson , to portray u.s. in flames .  ghitis : venezuela , iran , egypt , russia media played story as if u.s. social order breaking down .  she says ferguson definitely brings up racism , police weapons , treatment of minorities .  ghitis : but stories miss americans ' soul searching , civil rights history , size of protest .
 collaborate and listen : school closure announced with 'ice ice baby ' <sec> the message said that durham academy would be closed on thursday .  `` we had fun with it . .  it was very spur of the moment , '' an administrator says .  it 's not the first time administrators have gotten creative with announcement .
 world 's craziest water slides <sec> ridehouse in beijing is made up of 12 slides .  the 66-foot-tall wild vortex debuted in tennessee in june .  the $ 26 million divertical in italy is the world 's tallest water rid .
 former ford employee pleads guilty to stealing trade secrets <sec> former ford employee pled guilty to two counts of theft of trade secrets .  xiang dong yu faces at least five years in prison and a fine of up to $ 150,000 .  prosecutors say yu gave ford design specs , other secrets to a chinese competitor .  yu admitted copying 4,000 ford documents , taking them to beijing automotive co .
 court renews secret u.s. surveillance program <sec> disclosure unprecedented as intelligence officials seek to be more transparent .  national security court has periodically renewed collection of telephone data .  edward snowden leaks revealed extent of telephone data and e-mail surveillance .  some members of congress troubled by program , seek changes from justice dept. , ns .
 riot at 'new folsom ' prison leaves 13 wounded <sec> a guard shot one inmate , prison officials say ; eight others stabbed during disturbance .  four inmate weapons were found in the exercise yard after the riot , spokesman said .  the lockup known as `` new folsom '' is next door to the famous california priso .
 can romney be more than an opening act ? <sec> david gergen , michael zuckerman : romney appears to have an edge in gop contest .  they say the question is how well he would fare in a race against barack obama .  romney wound up as the opening act for chris christie in a new hampshire appearance .  authors : romney needs to show he can be the headline .
 forces in afghanistan kill militants involved in downing of copter <sec> the ids of the 30 u.s. service members killed will be released soon .  the aircraft used in monday 's strike was the f-16 , but it 's not clear how many were involved .  the airstrike killed a taliban leader and the insurgent who fired on the copter , isaf says .  isaf troops followed them into woods , called for strike ; taliban associates were also kille .
 apparently this matters : a $ 98 stump of wood for hipsters <sec> a store in downtown toronto is selling a tree stump for $ 98 .  the log harkens back to the classic cartoon `` ren & stimpy '' .  williamsburg ( brooklyn ) might be the real the hipster capital of the univers .
 osim international facts <sec> osim launched isymphonic , world 's first massage chair synchronized to music .  in 2007 it launched upilot massage chair , featuring robo-stic technology .  osim operates in asia , australia , africa , middle east , uk and north americ .
 angry pacquiao threatens law suit <sec> manny pacquiao threatens floyd mayweather and his camp with legal action over a drug-testing row .  pacquiao is angered by demands that he submit to blood-testing in the build-up to a proposed bout .  he claims to have instructed his promoter bob arum to file a law suit as soon as possible .  a welterweight match between pacquiao and mayweather is slated for las vegas on march 13 next yea .
 loaded language poisons gun debate <sec> `` the sides are speaking different languages '' in the gun debate .  president obama avoided the phrase `` gun control '' in announcing executive orders .  there is no clear definition of `` assault rifle '' .  `` in american politics , the person who gets to define the issue wins , '' gun debate expert say .
 west nile virus cases , deaths still on rise <sec> cases of west nile virus are up 25 % in the past week .  officials say they expect cases to rise for several more weeks .  there have been 87 deaths from the mosquito-borne viru .
 woods will be back to his best in 2011 , says caddie <sec> tiger woods ' caddie steve williams says world number two will come good in 2011 .  woods failed to win a single tournament in 2010 and remodeled swing .  williams says woods gained more confidence during the year .  woods relinquished his number one ranking to england 's lee westwoo .
 texas reporter 's seen unrivaled number of u.s. executions <sec> texas reporter has covered executions in texas since the early 1980s .  graczyk stopped counting , did n't want `` notches on my gun belt '' .  inmates waiting to die have greeted him by name , called to check up on him .  he says he does n't worry about the mental toll and has declined counselin .
 venezuela sends 15,000 troops to borders <sec> venezuela will send 15,000 troops to bolster border security .  the operation has already shown results , says the defense minister .  defense minister rangel has been labeled a kingpin by the united state .
 police : mom of quadriplegic son in woods in 'treatment ' <sec> mother must complete `` treatment '' before she can be extradited , maryland police say .  mom told police son was with her in maryland , but he was found friday alone in woods .  victim being treated for malnutrition , dehydration ; mother faces host of charges after extraditio .
 new york town 's 'firefighter of the year ' shot dead responding to blaze <sec> michael chiapperini was a police lieutenant and volunteer firefighter .  he 'd been with his town 's police for 20 years , most recently as a spokesman .  he also played roles in his new york community 's volunteer fire department .  a gunman fatally shot him and 1 colleague as they were responding to a fir .
 storytelling to help your career <sec> telling a good story can help boost your career .  stories should be `` purposeful , '' says author peter guber .  advice : successful stories turn `` me '' to `` we .
 look , up in the sky ! this week 's trending watch <sec> what do funeral strippers , a quadruple rainbow and kylie jenner have in common ? .  they all trended this week .
 premier league : luis suarez double fires up liverpool title challenge <sec> liverpool move up to second in english premier league with 3-1 win over sunderland .  luis suarez scores twice with england 's daniel sturridge also on the score sheet .  italian emanuele giaccherini grabs consolation goal for rock bottom sunderland .  norwich collect a 1-0 away win at stoke city as jonathan howson score .
 filmmaker on 'seeking a friend 's ' origins <sec> screenwriter lorene scafaria makes directorial debut with 'seeking a friend ' .  the film follows two neighbors as they prepare for an asteroid to wipe out life on earth .  scafaria saw the film as a way to explore human emotion .
 south sudan 's jonglei state a 'humanitarian disaster area ' <sec> south sudan 's council of ministers calls for humanitarian aid .  at least 50,000 people have reportedly fled violence in the state .  competition over scarce resources blamed .  the troubled nation became independent in jul .
 priest 's guilty plea throws wrinkle into philadelphia sexual abuse trial <sec> defense , prosecution argue about which witnesses jurors should be allowed to hear .  james brennan accused of attempted rape ; william lynn accused of cover-up .  defrocked priest edward avery pleaded guilty days before opening remarks .  jurors were told avery is no longer on trial ; they have not been told wh .
 massachusetts school district under fire over condom policy <sec> massachusetts school district passes policy allowing condom distribution .  students in elementary school can get condoms .  policy allows school nurses to give condoms to sexually-active students .  some parents say it encourages kids to have se .
 turkey rejects claims it blew israeli agents ' cover <sec> `` this is just a smear campaign . '' .  says turkish foreign minister ahmet davutoglu .  a column in the washington post says turkey told iran about iranians talking to israelis .  ra retired chief of israel 's intelligence : turkey could have gotten the info years ago .  turkish officials suggest there is an effort to discredit turkey 's top spymaste .
 minorities are not looking for 'payback ' <sec> u.s. census says that more than half the babies born in 2011 were minorities .  ruben navarrette : people like rush limbaugh see the change as a threat .  he says minorities are not looking forward to `` payback '' once they 're in the majority .  navarrette : minorities just want a seat at the table and to offer something back to the countr .
 syrian vp calls for 'historic settlement , ' national unity government <sec> neither side can reach `` a conclusive end , '' farouq al-sharaa says .  palestinian refugee camp in damascus hit by fighting .  palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas condemns the violence .  at least 150 people were killed across the country sunday , opposition group say .
 58 reported killed in flooding in pakistan <sec> deaths also reported in punjab , fata and azad jammu kashmir provinces .  official says 15 people dead , more than 20,000 displaced in balochistan province .  disaster agency says at least 17 died in flash flooding in khyber pakhtunkhwa province .  flood waters are receding in karachi , where eight people were reported kille .
 new gop could shake up politics ( opinion ) <sec> midterm voter turnout last week perhaps was lowest since 1940s .  eric liu : gop made modest inroads with latino , asian-american voters .  to beat voter apathy , parties must compete for voters in all groups , liu say .
 need nfl primer ? here are 5 things to keep you in game <sec> the new england patriots advance to super bowl xlix ( 49 ) following a thorough 45-7 dismantling of the indianapolis colts .  seattle seahawks advance to the super bowl with a 28-22 overtime win against the green bay packer .
 tom waits : the bard of americana <sec> singer songwriter tom waits has won critical acclaim for his music .  his strange tales of the seedy side of america have attracted a cult following .  the actress scarlett johansson is a fan and recorded a recent tribute album .  waits counts u.s. writers jack kerouac and charles bukowski as influence .
 attacks across baghdad and northern iraq kill 70 <sec> new : militants kill at least 44 people headed to shiite religious commemoration .  new : other violence includes attacks on police station , city council building .  similar violence killed 21 people on sunday .  more than 8,000 people have been killed in iraq in 2013 , according to the united nation .
 special mementos left at arlington are in army 's painstaking care <sec> most fallen soldiers of current wars are buried in section 60 .  people leave personal mementos , including cans of beer and hot sauce .  army making effort to ensure the mementos do n't end up in tras .
 being vp is just like being a lesser kardashian <sec> dean obeidallah : many think vp is a useless position , but it may be the best job in the country .  he says it 's like being a lesser kardashian : perks , fame , salary and almost no responsibilities .  other perks are : no one wants your job , no one shoots at you ; luxury to stay stupid things .  obeidallah : quayle had a word for responsibility , and `` that one word is 'to be prepared ' .
 afghan man works with google to chart unmapped territory in afghanistan <sec> volunteers in remote countries are uploading data to google maps .  the efforts are helping google map parts of the world with new details .  maps were recently uploaded from afghanistan , antarctica and ira .
 u.n. staffer dies of ebola <sec> u.n. staffer who worked in sierra leone has died of ebola ; spouse being treated .  doctors without borders staffer treated for ebola is free of virus , group says .  quarantine period over for 43 of 48 people , dallas county judge says .  who : nigeria is free of ebola after 19 cases and seven death .
 'bad taste ' cries as mcdonald 's moves into 'mona lisa ' museum <sec> mcdonald 's to open restaurant in the mall of the world 's most visited museum .  decision has attracted criticisms there will be 'unpleasant smells ' in the museum .  the restaurant is not the only fast food joint in the shopping mal .
 maryland winner steps forward to claim share of mega millions jackpot <sec> new : `` no winners '' will be at a tuesday news conference , a spokeswoman says .  new : a kansas winner was the first to come forward last week .  three winning tickets were purchased : in kansas , maryland and illinoi .
