 sex , games and olympic village life <sec> london 2012 distributed 150 , 000 condoms to athletes .  olympic village comprises nearly 3000 apartments , housing over 10,000 athletes .  linford christie : `` i think it 's very positive [ village life ] because it 's a shared experience and it 's a leveler '' .  former athlete kriss akabusi : `` for 17 days we were the center of the universe .
 'chicken lady of jerusalem ' charity work lives on <sec> as a child , clara chaya hammer endured hunger and imprisonment .  as an adult , `` chicken lady of jerusalem '' provided sabbath meals to thousands in need .  family will continue charity work hammer single-handedly started 30 years ag .
 5 o.j . simpson jurors disagreed with 1995 acquittal <sec> 11 jurors in o.j . .  simpson trial knew about 1995 acquittal on murder charges .  jury finds simpson guilty of all counts in 2007 sports memorabilia heist .  seven jurors said a family member had spent time in jail .  eleven jurors were white ; one hispani .
 eulogies and fury : jihadists eager to avenge bin laden 's death <sec> better intelligence has made an attack on u.s. or europe more difficult .  sabotaging saudi and gulf oilfields would fit with al qaeda 's core goals .  al qaeda in the arabian peninsula may be a greater threat now , some say .  salafist groups may want to take advantage of instability from recent uprising .
 as same-sex couples say , 'i do , ' judges say , 'i do n't ' <sec> it 's unclear how many counties declined to give licenses to same-sex couples .  chief justice roy moore defends telling probate judges to defy `` federal tyranny '' .  aclu seeks order directing probate judges to honor same-sex marriage .
 'forgotten ' inmate gets $ 15.5 million settlement from n.m. county <sec> `` they threw him in solitary and then ignored him '' for 22 months , stephen slevin 's lawyer says .  he left jail with bed sores , bad teeth and lost weight , a lawsuit said .  a federal jury awarded slevin $ 22 million a year ago .  new mexico county drops appeal , says it has made detention improvement .
 new rules make airfare seem higher ( even though it is n't ) <sec> new rules require airlines to roll mandatory taxes and fees into advertised fares .  optional fees must be more clearly listed , which snyder says may create confusion .  baggage fees will be subject to more stringent disclosure rule .
 study : skull may shed light on humans ' move from africa <sec> experts announce the discovery of a modern human skull in what 's now israel .  it dates back 55,000 years , which is also when neanderthals were in area .  study co-author : `` this is the first specimen we have that connects africa to europe .
 opinion : kidnapped nigerian girls not forgotten <sec> vigils around the world for nigerian girls , who have been held captive 100 days .  rage has built against extremist groups that deny girls their right to education .  girls are forming grass-roots groups to protest child marriage , promote education .  coalition aims for zero child labor , zero child marriage , zero education exclusio .
 gulf coast residents brace for slow-motion oil disaster <sec> new : administration officials meet with bp execs to discuss spill response .  florida governor extends emergency declaration to 16 more coastal counties .  oil slick was nine miles off coast monday .  feds ban fishing for at least the next 10 days in part of the northern gulf of mexic .
 hot , hot , hot in the northeast -- but there 's end in sight <sec> new : highs hit 96 in new york and philadelphia , 94 in burlington , 92 in boston .  air-quality warnings posted as far south as washington .  `` i feel like a piece of baked chicken in this heat , '' one man says .  new york is close to setting a new record for electricity usag .
 ukrainian president : peace depends on putin 's mood <sec> cnn exclusive : christiane amanpour interviews ukrainian president petro poroshenko .  poroshenko says a peace deal can come within months or even weeks .  russian president vladimir putin can be pragmatic or emotional , poroshenko says .  ukraine will sign a cooperation agreement with the european union on frida .
 king : veterans ' stories show cost of military service <sec> savannah police officer lives with physical , mental injuries from iraq war .  veteran is skeptical about plans to pull out of iraq .  50-year-old colleague on force is being called back into service .  he 's not complaining -- `` once a soldier , always a soldier , '' he say .
 mount tavurvur volcano erupts in papua new guinea <sec> mount tavurvur spews a tower of ash 60,000 feet into the sky .  the volcano is situated near the township of rabaul on the island of new britain .  tavurvur erupted in 1994 along with another nearby volcano , destroying rabau .
 capt . kirk wakes up shuttle crew <sec> new : the shuttle separates from the space station for the last time .  the space shuttle discovery is on its final mission .  william shatner played the fictional capt . .  james t. kirk of the starship enterprise .  his voice is featured in opening credits for the original `` star trek '' serie .
 where bodies go after natural disasters <sec> cnn 's anderson cooper reported on a mass grave with hundreds of bodies .  fear of disease is frequently the reason for rapidly burying bodies in mass graves .  this theory is unfounded , because disease-causing agents die with the corpse .  who report : `` rapid mass burial of victims is not justified on public health grounds .
 3 dead in florida medical helicopter crash <sec> new : a surgeon and medical technician were killed in the crash , the mayo clinic says .  new : the helicopter 's pilot also died , the clinic says .  the clinic employees were headed to the university of florida for transplant organ .
 federer becomes no . 1 of the no . 1s ; serena draws level with venus <sec> roger federer surpasses pete sampras ' number of weeks at world no . .  1 .  wimbledon champion federer has now topped the rankings for 287 weeks in his career .  serena williams equals venus ' total of 43 wta tour titles .  the dominant sisters are now sixth on the all-time list of most wta tour win .
 controversy as manchester united keep pressure on leaders chelsea <sec> manchester united third on goal difference after beating fifth-placed tottenham 2-0 .  win marred by late controversy surrounding second goal scored by nani .  chelsea earlier maintained five-point lead with 2-1 victory away to blackburn .  arsenal claim second place after snatching late 1-0 win at bottom side west ha .
 southwest inspecting 79 planes after hole prompts emergency landing <sec> new : southwest cancels flights in order to do inspections .  a ntsb initial investigation showed the aircraft suffered a `` structural failure '' and `` depressurization '' .  a 3- to 4-foot hole is discovered in a plane 's fuselage .  faa : the captain made a rapid descent from 36,000 feet to 11,000 fee .
 review : 'katy perry : part of me ' <sec> ew gives `` katy perry : part of me '' an a- .  the magic of katy perry is that she still seems like the girl next door .  the film documents her pentecostal upbringing and her breakup with russell bran .
 murray inspired by friend with cancer <sec> andy murray wins brisbane international following victory over grigor dimitrov .  u.s. open champion dedicates victory to friend and former doubles partner ross hutchins .  british tennis player hutchins , 27 , has been diagnosed with hodgkins lymphoma .  petra kvitova crashes out of sydney internationa .
 sailing the world 's most beautiful lakes <sec> the best sailing adventures are n't always to be had out at sea .  inland lakes and waterways offer an alternative nautical challenge .  cnn has highlighted some of the most popular inland sailing hotspots from around the worl .
 hagel : scourge of sexual assault 'must be stamped out ' <sec> secretary hagel 's remarks follow allegations of sexual misconduct in the military .  department of defense estimates 26,000 cases of unwanted sexual conduct last year .  obama addressed the issue on friday at the naval academ .
 missing girl found after almost 7 years <sec> police say the arizona family holding the girl was `` evasive and untruthful '' .  amber rose nicklas is now in the custody of california authorities .  girl 's identity is confirmed through footprints and a dna swab .  the girl was abducted from california in 2003 when she was a year ol .
 hillary clinton 's favorite home state ( s ) <sec> hillary clinton has key ties to four states : illinois , arkansas , new york and pennsylvania .  clinton herself has not publicly shied away from citizenship in any of these states .  chicago mayor rahm emanuel said clinton `` will forever be a chicagoan at heart . '' .  tom wolf , pennsylvania 's governor elect , said her blood has `` pennsylvania values .
 shezanne cassim , freed from uae prison , returns to us <sec> new : shezanne cassim has returned to the united states .  new : he says he was n't told about charges or sentence .  he was arrested after posting a video making fun of dubai teen .
 rosberg claims maiden pole for china gp <sec> nico rosberg secures first pole position of career at qualifying for sunday 's chinese grand prix .  mercedes teammate michael schumacher will start from second , sauber 's kamui kobayashi starts third on grid .  reigning world champion sebastian vettel disappoints in qualifying and starts from 11t .
 obama may have won now , but next three years could be tough <sec> president obama emerged with an ambitious agenda moving forward .  he implored congress that their working relationship `` has to change '' .  one former member says the relationship ca n't get much lowe .
 millions of bush administration e-mails recovered <sec> white house had said that about 22 million bush administration e-mails were missing .  e-mails involve bush administration 's 2006 firing of top federal prosecutors .  white house said during congressional hearings they might have been lost .  suing watchdog groups will settle lawsuit with the obama administratio .
 ali zafar : pakistan needs help to get of this darkness <sec> taliban gunmen attacked a school in peshawar , pakistan killing more than 140 people .  popular singer ali zafar says the massacre took violence in pakistan to a new level and affected him deeply .  zafar says he has expressed himself through music and is trying to raise money for school .
 emma watson addresses prince harry dating rumors <sec> marrying a prince is `` not a prerequisite for being a princess , '' she says .  australian tabloid reported the pair were `` having secret dates .
 the internet was my music teacher <sec> usman riaz : acquiring skill in music has long required learning from teachers .  he says the role of the teacher can now be fulfilled through online resources .  riaz : i learned to master percussive guitar through watching others on video .  at tedglobal conference , riaz played guitar with one of his heroes , preston ree .
 rand paul meets with advisers on 2016 - cnnpolitics.com <sec> rand paul meets with his advisers to lay out a road map for 2016 , his spokesman said .  paul plans to campaign for re-election and is strongly considering a presidential ru .
 tweeting osama 's death : the accidental citizen journalist <sec> sohaib athar was thrust into the spotlight last year by unknowingly tweeting bin laden raid .  the it consultant was `` just trying to reverse-engineer what could have happened , '' he said .  his twitter activity puts focus on the role of citizen journalists in a digital world .  journalism expert says athar became a journalist when he began digging for informatio .
 micaela bryan brings new life to the tennis twitter world <sec> baby daughter of tennis star bob bryan has become a big hit on the internet .  micaela bryan had her own twitter account set up before she was born last year .  she now has more than 12,000 followers , including the biggest names in tennis .  micaela travels with the bryan brothers and has snaps from all aorund the worl .
 boys accused in south africa gang rape will face full prosecution <sec> seven suspects , ages 13 to 19 , are applying for bail .  eight people have been arrested , accused of kidnapping and rape .  the gang-rape video went viral and shocked south africans .  mother says her daughter was raped in 2009 and 201 .
 sandiaga uno : indonesia 's inspirational entrepreneur <sec> sandiaga uno is one of indonesia 's wealthiest businessmen .  his company saratoga capital employs over 20,000 people .  uno believes indonesia has huge potential for growth .  poverty gap and corruption threaten the country 's development , uno say .
 hundreds join desperate search in wales for abducted girl april jones <sec> police say they will question suspect mark bridger again .  hundreds of police , volunteers and mountain rescue workers are looking for the 5-year-old .  prime minister david cameron also appeals for anyone with information to contact police .  april was snatched from the street on monday as she played with a frien .
 father fights international custody battle <sec> david goldman dropped off his wife and 4-year-old son at airport in 2004 for vacation .  wife got a divorce in brazil , later got remarried , got pregnant and died during birth .  wife 's family lawyer questions goldman 's fitness as a parent .  state department , hillary clinton working to help get son returned to united state .
 slain officer remembered as a 'gentle giant ' <sec> stephen johns was prison guard , worked in new orleans before museum .  `` gentle giant '' opened door for the man accused of killing him , police say .  security guard , 39 , loved washington redskins , traveling .  eleven-year-old son says dad was `` a pretty great guy .
 'fab five ' brings home gymnastics gold <sec> new : u.s. gymnast : `` we did awesome '' .  new : swimmer ye brushes off criticism , wins another gold .  new : two male tennis players go to 45th game in final set .  michael phelps wins 19th olympic medal , best all tim .
 in battle at the university of virginia , board committed crime of insult‎ <sec> university of virginia reinstated its president , teresa sullivan , after she was fired .  stephen trachtenberg : by ignoring stakeholders , board committed the crime of insult .  he says the board showed a disregard for the standing of faculty and students .  trachtenberg : rehiring of president is a victory for participatory democrac .
 down and out in paris : how serena williams regained her mojo <sec> serena williams has had a resurgence under patrick mouratoglou 's guidance .  american had sunk to 175 in world and lost in 2012 french open first round .  but with french coach 's input williams won final two grand slams last year .  world no . .  1 won 11 titles in 2013 , the best return since martina hingis in 199 .
 hugh masekela : songs of freedom <sec> hugh masekela songs were an inspiration in the fight to end apartheid .  he left south africa to get a musical education and could n't return for 30 years .  under apartheid black south africans were resilient through song , he says .  he says johannesburg is cosmopolitan and multicultural , like south afric .
 opinion : confessions of an oscar freak <sec> if you watched early morning oscars nominations , you 're in tim allis ' order of oscar freaks .  allis : it 's not just a horse race : oscar mania is the spectacle , the show , the history .  allis : academy of old could n't have imagined dwindling viewership , competition from tv .  despite its excesses , he says , oscars are a great national tradition , with a little magi .
 arrests made in air france flight cocaine case <sec> airline executive , six airline workers , security guard , loading platform supervisor arrested .  eight members of the venezuelan national guard are also in custody .  1.3 tons of cocaine traveled in 30 colorful suitcases from venezuela to france .  the bags were n't registered to any of the passengers on the fligh .
 counter-terror police arrest dozens in istanbul raids <sec> at least 30 people were detained in the raids , a turkish news agency reported .  relatives of those detained say the raids came early tuesday morning .  at least 6 killed , thousands wounded in recent demonstration .
 mcilroy blames 'stupid mistakes ' for slump <sec> rory mcilroy wants to cut out `` stupid mistakes '' before masters .  northern irish golfer finished one over par in houston open first round .  mcilroy lost world no.1 spot to tiger woods this week .  the pga champion says he still feels `` tentative '' in competition .
 congress ' new chance for clean energy <sec> gordon and caldwell : new congress can create jobs , end fossil fuel dependence .  clean energy is bipartisan issue , they write . .  we need clean energy industries .  policies that encourage clean energy have been introduced with bipartisan support , they say .  authors : u.s. must act to keep up with international markets , help national securit .
 federer loses but swiss level with france <sec> switzerland and france are tied after the opening day of the davis cup final in lille .  stan wawrinka crushes jo-wilfried tsonga to give switzerland a 1-0 advantage .  but then gael monfils defeats a potentially ailing roger federer in the second singles .  more than 27,400 turned up on the day , the largest tennis crowd for a pro matc .
 lewis hamilton leads mercedes one-two at malaysian grand prix <sec> lewis hamilton wins malaysian grand prix .  teammate nico rosberg finishes second to extend title lead .  world champion sebastian vettel finishes in third place .  minute 's silence for those missing on disappeared flight mh37 .
 blue bell expands ice cream recall after listeria found <sec> a test in kansas found listeria in a blue bell ice cream cup .  the company is recalling the cups after recalling another group of products this month .  three people in kansas have died from a listeria outbrea .
 10 people killed in somali roadside bombing <sec> new : al-shabaab claims responsibility ; says slain official worked with 'foreign ' spies .  new : sources : 8 people injured are treated at a mogadishu hospital .  in a separate bombing , a lawmaker 's car explodes but he is unhurt .  al-shabaab 's mission includes turning somalia into a fundamentalist islamic stat .
 'avengers ' : james spader to play ultron <sec> james spader has been cast as the villain in the upcoming `` avengers '' movie .  the actor will face-off against the marvel heroes as ultron .  `` the avengers : the age of ultron '' will arrive on may 1 , 201 .
 miss america 2011 is youngest since rules changed in 1938 <sec> scanlan , 17 , is a high schooler who plans to attend law school and hopes to become a judge .  she succeeds caressa cameron , 22 , a virginia commonwealth student .  this year 's competition marked the 90th anniversary of the pagean .
 north korea prepares controversial rocket launch <sec> north korea says it plans to launch a rocket carrying a satellite this month .  other countries say the move is a cover for a ballistic missile test .  journalists are granted rare access at the sohae satellite launching statio .
 millions reportedly without blackberry service <sec> blackberry customers in europe , africa , middle east without service .  outage affected web and blackberry messenger services .  maker research in motion did not give details on what 's behind outag .
 tokyo : where to be seen <sec> enjoy jazz , cocktails and mind-blowing views at the ultra-stylish new york bar .  if you can find kita aoyama salon you deserve the beer that 's waiting for you .  the golden gai area is packed with ramshackle bars - check out la jetee .  the legendary womb is tokyo 's finest club , featuring incredible lightin .
 in the driving seat of south africa 's money machine <sec> the eastern cape provides 51 % of south africa 's vehicle exports .  approximately 40,000 people are employed in the eastern cape 's auto-sector .  the auto sector makes up about 7 % of south africa 's economic output .  african countries are the second biggest market for south africa 's automotive component export .
 impressionist auction brings in more than $ 226.5 million <sec> picasso painting was top seller .  auction set uk record .  proceeds did not reach christie 's expectations , however .  matisse work not seen since 1924 sold for nearly $ 10 millio .
 opinion : banksy 's wtc insult shows he 's clueless about new york <sec> errol louis : street artist banksy published rant slamming one world trade center .  he says for a city that made cooperation , compromise part of design process , that 's too much .  he says building reflects many visions , rises 1776 feet to reflect year u.s. broke from british .  `` 104 floors of compromise ? '' .  asks banksy . .  well , yes , says louis -- he missed the poin .
 2 american climbers found dead in peruvian mountains <sec> new : deceased climber gil weiss `` will inspire me forever , '' his sister says .  he and ben horne had been climbing in the andes and were missing for between 5-10 days .  hundreds looked through satellite images for clues , while crews searched on the ground .  a friend calls them `` two of the most amazing guys '' he has ever spent time wit .
 spanish poet 's remains set to be exhumed <sec> resting place of spanish poet federico garcia lorca may soon be known .  legal clearance been granted permitting exhumation of mass grave near granada .  lorca executed in 1936 by general franco 's forces during spanish civil war .  thousands of spaniards killed in the civil war still thought to be in mass grave .
