 tevez hits back at manchester city claims <sec> carlos tevez says he wanted to leave english club manchester city in pre-season .  city captain denies claims his transfer request was initiated by his representatives .  the argentina striker handed in a transfer request after city 's win over west ham on saturday .  he has been a key figure at city since joining from rivals manchester unite .
 report : dozens killed , injured in china terror attack <sec> the strike is being called an `` organized and premeditated '' terror attack .  police officers at the scene in northwestern china shot dead dozens of people in the mob .  there are longstanding tensions between han chinese and uyghurs , a turkic muslim peopl .
 north and south korea reach deal to reunite families <sec> new : the families will reunite at the two countries ' joint mountain resort in the north .  new : the meetings will be held from october 30 to november 5 .  families have been divided for nearly 60 years .  fewer than 200 families were allowed to reunite at the last even .
 cnn student news transcript - november 11 , 2011 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the weekly newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of stories covered on cnn student new .
 un : cholera cases in haiti 's capital are a 'worrying development ' <sec> new : death toll rises across haiti from cholera .  authorities are bracing for a possible larger outbreak nationwide .  five cases of cholera are confirmed in port-au-prince .  the outbreak has killed more than 250 peopl .
 summit announces director for 'divergent ' sequel <sec> schwentke is best known for directing the action-comedy `` red '' .  `` divergent '' hits theater in march .  the sequel is planned for march 201 .
 give dad the gift of leisure by tackling his chores <sec> dads tend to do the chores that require strength and a strong stomach .  this father 's day , give dad a break and do some of his chores for him .  here are a few tips on how dads clean drains , kill bugs , detail the car and mor .
 can wind solve kenya 's energy problems ? <sec> africa 's largest wind farm is being built in kenya .  the $ 694 million project is the largest private investment in kenyan history .  electricity demand in kenya is expected to grow by 12 % by 2030 .  the extra power could reduce black outs which hit businesses har .
 champions league draw : real madrid lands minnow ludogorets <sec> reigning champion real madrid drawn against newcomer ludogorets .  barcelona and paris saint-germain paired in group f .  no team has ever successfully defended champions league title .  the final will be held in berlin on june 6 , 201 .
 how to find a town hall meeting near you <sec> congress is on its august recess , and lawmakers are hearing from constituents .  voters are encouraged to attend meetings to voice questions and concerns .  call your senator or representative 's office to confirm the time and locatio .
 rebels : sri lanka still bombing civilians <sec> tamil rebels say sri lankan forces ignoring orders to end military operations sri lanka : forces ordered to cease use of heavy-caliber guns , combat aircraft rebels say fighter bombers continued to bomb civilian targets after announcement .  developments come after sri lankan officials reject rebels ' cease-fire offe .
 golf 's smart move to end phone ban <sec> young tech-savvy sports fans increasingly reliant on smartphone apps .  spectators able to use mobiles at british open for first time in six years after ban lifted .  r & a bosses hope new phone rules will increase uptake of open championship apps .  decision follows u.s. pga tour , which lifted its phone ban last yea .
 55 sentenced -- 3 to death -- in china 's terror 'show trial ' <sec> 55 people have been sentenced on terror charges in a stadium `` show trial '' in china .  three were sentenced to death in the stadium in xinjiang , before 7,000 spectators .  the trial is part of a response to a string of terror attacks linked to the uyghur minority .  amnesty international has slammed the stadium trial as `` deplorable .
 chris rock on making fun of barack obama <sec> comedian chris rock to release `` kill the messenger '' dvd january 20 .  there are no barack obama jokes , rock says , just like there are no brad pitt jokes .  rock : playing for international crowds not that different than playing in u.s . .  `` stand-up comedy always plays such a back seat to music , '' rock say .
 cover story excerpt : jimmy kimmel prepares for battle with jay leno <sec> jimmy kimmel talks his undying hatred of jay leno .  kimmel says he sees fallon as a `` worthy competitor '' .  he asks the interviewer if it 's ok for them to smoke wee .
 the # nyfw diet : part of the job ? <sec> industry insiders share tips on twitter for shedding pounds before new york fashion week .  comments on `` # nyfw diet '' range from sarcastic to tongue-in-cheek .  `` fashion week is prime recruiting season , and we are walking billboards , '' publicist say .
 shooting , tear gas reported at yemeni protest <sec> anti-government protesters wanted to enter change square .  security forces set up a road block .  protesters forced their way in .  security forces responded by shooting and lobbing tear gas , witnesses sa .
 vaccine case draws new attention to autism debate <sec> parents say compensation for daughter 's illness vindicates their claim .  parents contend childhood vaccines caused girl 's autism .  cdc chief : government not saying that vaccines cause autism .  in decision , vaccines found to have aggravated genetic conditio .
 california legislator aims to ban 'affluenza ' as criminal defense <sec> california legislation would ban `` affluenza '' as defense or during post-trial sentencing .  `` majority of us believe that people should own up to their actions , '' lawmaker says .  legislator cites case in which texas teen 's lawyers used defense in case of 4 death .
 eu , iran delegates to meet for talks on implementing nuclear deal <sec> deputy foreign policy chiefs from iran , eu will meet for talks this week in geneva .  the talks will focus on how to implement a deal to limit tehran 's nuclear program .  the deal was agreed between tehran and six world powers in november .  world powers believe iran wants nuclear arms , but it insists its intentions are peacefu .
 rescuers in china pull child 's body from landslide rubble <sec> new : 107 people buried have slim chance of survival .  mudslide caused by heavy rain in southwest china .  survivor fled but saw people behind him burie .
 nigerian drivers told to be quieter on streets of lagos <sec> lagos officials declared october 15 as `` no horn day '' .  the initiative aims to improve health in the nigerian megacity of 21 million .  citizens voiced their opinions about the initiative on twitte .
 blog : model found nude , stuffed in suitcase <sec> jasmine fiore , 28 , was found choked to death and stuffed in a suitcase .  her husband , reality star ryan alexander jenkins now a murder suspect in the case .  jenkins reported fiore missing last saturday nigh .
 heaviest uk snow in 18 years hits international flights <sec> uk business spokesman : disruptions would likely cost $ 1.7 billion .  meteorologists said snow is worst in southeastern england in 18 years .  major international airports including heathrow , gatwick badly affected .  uk weather service issues severe weather warnings for monday , tuesda .
 balanced budget amendment fails in senate <sec> two versions fail to get the two-thirds majority required .  the votes were required under the debt ceiling agreement reached in august .  a republican version of the amendment previously failed to pass the hous .
 machu picchu named 'world 's top landmark ' by tripadvisor <sec> tripadvisor has released results of its second travelers ' choice attractions awards .  peru 's machu picchu heads list of world 's top landmarks .  cloud gate , a modern public sculpture , is the only chicago attraction to crack the top 25 u.s. attraction .
 uk pentagon hacker loses appeal , will be sent to u.s . <sec> gary mckinnon admits intentionally gaining access to government systems .  briton accused of carrying out biggest ever u.s. military computer hacking .  he says he was researching whether u.s. was covering up existence of ufo .
 6 people who 'll inspire you this year <sec> cnn selected six ireporters to train for the nautica malibu triathlon .  fit nation team will help them swim , bike and run their way to the finish line .  follow the team 's journey on facebook and on twitte .
 'tmnt ' 9/11 poster prompts apology <sec> a poster for the australian release of `` teenage mutant ninja turtles '' drew criticism .  it featured the turtles falling from a building and the september 11 release date .  paramount has apologized for the poste .
 clinton : isis is neither islamic nor a state <sec> in canada appearance , hillary clinton touts her work to fight `` violent extremism '' .  the new line comes as some question the obama administration 's isis response .  clinton calls military action against isis `` essential '' but `` not sufficient alone .
 first doses of h1n1 flu vaccine arrive <sec> new : makers will ship 10 million to 20 million doses per week in next few months .  health care workers in tennessee and indiana are first recipients of h1n1 vaccine .  u.s. government has purchased 195 million doses from manufacturers .  two-thirds of americans plan to be vaccinated against h1n1 flu , survey say .
 north korea opens its window for rocket launch <sec> new : officials say launch will occur in morning hours between thursday and monday .  new : japan keeping watch ; south korea `` prepared to deal with any contingency '' .  new : kim jung un receives new titles , signaling consolidation of power .  new : titles may also signal power-sharing or mentoring of young leader , analyst say .
 nfl 's past penalties for domestic violence <sec> nfl used to say two-game suspension was `` significant enough , '' expert says .  `` today , it 's a different story , '' expert says .  some analysts say nfl needs to impose new , stronger penalties to other players .  in past , nfl punishment was lowered when charges against players were reduce .
 climbing inside aouda.x : the spacesuit made to walk on mars <sec> watch ! .  aouda.x : the prototype spacesuit for mars exploration .  dr gernot groomer has designed the suit to be the `` smartest '' suit yet .  dr groomer 's team at the austrian space forum face competition from other suits .  the finished suit will be a `` spacecraft to wear , '' says groome .
 opinion : wipe out the stigma of mental illness <sec> 50 years ago , president kennedy defined civil rights and equality as a moral issue .  patrick kennedy : it 's also a moral issue that people with mental illness are treated equally .  those with mental illness , brain injuries face stigma and inadequate health care , he says .  kennedy : jfk championed helping the mentally ill , it 's time to re-dedicate our effort .
 savory , sweet , spicy : delhi 's must-try street eats <sec> if you have n't tried these street foods , you have n't been to delhi .  the most iconic chaat are aloo tikki , dahi bhalla and papri chaat .  the best kulfi ice cream is topped with rose milk falud .
 father faces van der sloot for first time in court <sec> ricardo flores says wednesday was the first time he saw van der sloot face-to-face .  van der sloot is suspected in the killing of his daughter in a peruvian hotel .  a preliminary hearing has been rescheduled .  it could be weeks before a trial begin .
 where is the internet most popular ? <sec> nordic countries dominate the top 10 list for highest online presence .  at least 97 % of people in monaco and iceland are online , according to internet world stats .  china has 485 million internet users , but that 's only about a third of its entire populatio .
 'nervous ' nadal a doubt for aus open following 1st round qatar exit <sec> spaniard loses on return to action at qatar open in doha .  world no . .  3 defeated in three sets by german qualifier michael berrer .  the 14-time major champion had appendix surgery last november .  jo-wilfried tsonga pulls out of aus open due to ongoing arm injur .
 questions for clinton in the benghazi hot seat <sec> senate , house to question hillary clinton on wednesday about benghazi attack .  did she know about growing militant danger ; did she see cables explaining threat ? .  why has only one suspect been detained , and then released ? .  where did susan rice 's now infamous 'talking points ' originate ; why did n't clinton give them .
 maine reflects independents ' pragmatism over health care <sec> cnn 's state of the union with john king airs sunday at 9 a.m . .  et .  king travels to maine to get voters ' take on health care reform .  sen. olympia snowe , r-maine , has been a key figure in health care negotiation .
 10 ways to survive holiday travel <sec> a big storm is threatening the east coast during this busy holiday week .  bad weather can delay flights to and from sunny places .  make sure to charge your devices and bring extra snack .
 obamacare hits 7.5 million sign-ups , sebelius says <sec> enrollment grew by 400,000 since administration announced it surpassed april 1 target .  sign-ups steadily grew after rocky rollout .  republicans are still opposed to the affordable care ac .
 six-star barcelona enjoy all-day 'party ' <sec> atletico madrid 's defeat to vallecano gives barcelona a 12-point lead in spain .  catalan side thrashed getafe 6-1 in midday kickoff as six different players score .  mario balotelli 's ac milan surrender fourth place in italy to city rivals internazionale .  lyon 's defeat gives psg a six-point lead in the french title rac .
 amtrak : missing retired firefighter may have fallen off train <sec> charlie dowd was on his way from san francisco last week .  he was not on the train when it arrived in chicago .  police found his phone , luggage and medication on board .  his family says he was seen looking disoriented near the door of the trai .
 sold ! children 's art to go under un hammer <sec> collection of children 's art to be auctioned by the un on saturday in new york .  the paintings share the common theme of climate change , pleas for action .  the artworks were chosen from 200,000 sent to the un over the past 17 years .  pre-bids indicate all 26 paintings will be sold for at least $ 500 a piec .
 17 states challenge obama 's immigration move <sec> incoming texas gov . .  greg abbott is challenging president barack obama 's immigration action in court .  abbott says 16 other states , most with republican governors , are joining texas in the lawsuit .  he said obama 's move to halt some deportations exceeds the president 's constitutional authorit .
 rihanna to rafael nadal : tennis ' popstar makeover <sec> since 2009 , london 's o2 arena has hosted the atp world tour finals .  the event is played out between world 's top-ranked male singles and doubles stars .  the o2 is predominantly a music venue , playing host to artists like rihanna .  the o2 arena 's deal to host season-ending event runs until 201 .
 despair , anger , dwindling hope after turkey coal mine fire <sec> protesters lay symbolic coffins at government buildings , rail against erdogan .  274 are confirmed dead after an explosion , fire inside a mine in western turkey .  88 workers made it out of the mine ; dozens may be trapped .  miner says there 's `` no hope '' that anyone else is still aliv .
 the 10 ultimate bahamas experiences <sec> the bahamas features 700 islands and 2500 cays .  make the most of your time and kayak , kiteboard , snorkel , dive or enjoy an aquaventure .  take in the nightlife at elvina 's friday-night jam and enjoy the food at smith 's point fish fr .
 will obama 's health care plan mirror the 1994 clinton failure ? <sec> president obama is urging congress to come up with a health care reform plan .  cnn analyst sees similarities between obama 's push and clinton 's in 1994 .  obama and top democrats are seeking coverage for 46 million american .
 flooding an ongoing concern amid irene 's destruction <sec> new : obama administration officials will visit hard-hit areas on tuesday .  new jersey , vermont and upstate new york are coping with floodwaters .  the death toll rises to at least 27 .  5 million customers without power as of monday afternoon , fema 's administrator say .
 ukraine , pro-russia rebels sign ceasefire deal <sec> president barack obama says he 's hopeful but skeptical about the ceasefire .  ceasefire ordered by president petro poroshenko comes into effect .  president asks ukrainian foreign minister and osce to monitor compliance .  eu member states are considering a new round of sanctions against russi .
 police 'actively pursuing ' second person in tucson shooting <sec> new : investigators are `` actively pursuing '' a second suspect in shooting .  a congressional aide , a federal judge and four other died in a shooting outside supermarket .  u.s. rep. gabrielle giffords was wounded along with 11 others .  a suspect is in custody ; law enforcement sources identify him as jared lee loughne .
 oklahoma students walk out over 'redskins ' name change <sec> high school students protested over removal of mascot name .  the capitol hill high school mascot is no longer the redskins .  an nfl team has been repeatedly criticized for keeping the nam .
 graves : why hospital rooms do n't work <sec> award-winning architect michael graves stayed at 8 hospitals .  graves in 2003 became ill with mysterious illness and was paralyzed .  graves wants to fix poorly designed hospitals and furniture for patient .
 dark energy , science 's biggest mystery <sec> three u.s.-trained scientists won the nobel prize in physics last week .  meg urry says their findings documented the impact of `` dark energy '' in expanding universe .  she says dark energy is a force much more powerful than gravity .  urry : solving the mystery could have important practical application .
 kings officially staying in sacramento as nba approves local sale <sec> the nba 's board of governors approves the sale of the sacramento kings .  tech entrepreneur vivek ranadive heads the kings ' new ownership group .  maloof family had deals to sell to a group that would 've moved the team to seattle .  nba executives rejected those relocation bid .
 fantasia overdosed after reading affair allegations , manager says <sec> fantasia 's manager says she fell in love based on man 's lies .  the singer overdosed on aspirin and a sleep aid , her manager says .  brian dickens : she was `` overwhelmed '' by the lawsuit and media attentio .
 soldiers mistakenly kill themselves in pakistan <sec> militants attack soldiers with machine gun fire , officials says .  the incident occurs in khyber agency an area known as a hub for militant .
 phelps puts another olympics first in his legacy , gabby douglas takes gold <sec> new : team usa scores record 156 points , wins by 83 .  phelps adds to legend with history-making win in the 200-meter individual medley .  gabby douglas wins the women 's all-around gymnastics gold , but aly raisman misses out .  britain 's cyclists take gold in the men 's team sprint final , set another world recor .
 skating icon eric heiden still part of team usa <sec> eric heiden won five gold medals in speed skating at the 1980 winter olympics .  heiden : apolo ohno needs to focus more on skating when events near .  the way shani davis trains can be `` very demanding and very hard '' .  `` when you go back for each olympics you sort of get your ego stroked again , '' said the skating ico .
 carrick misses penalty as burnley stun united <sec> manchester united suffer shock 1-0 premier league loss at new boys burnley .  robbie blake scores the only goal as michael carrick misses united penalty .  jermain defoe scores a hat-trick as tottenham hammer hull 5-1 to lead tabl .
 champions league : celtic 's second chance still alive <sec> celtic held 1-1 by slovenian side maribor in champions league playoff .  scottish champion will host second leg next wednesday .  celtic qualified after legia warsaw was thrown out of competition .  porto claims 1-0 win at lill .
