 fort meade nsa shooting <sec> two people tried to enter the main gate to enter the headquarters of the national security agency at fort meade . .  one died at the scene , and another was wounded , the nsa says .
 lionel messi pays $ 13 million tax bill but still faces prosecution <sec> lionel messi has paid $ 13 million in taxes for period 2010-2011 .  barcelona star still being prosecuted for alleged tax fraud between 2007-2009 .  messi 's lawyer refusing to take phone calls from journalists tuesday .  football star could face final bill of $ 36.7 millio .
 opinion : hawks are deluded about iraq <sec> fighting in iraq 's anbar province causes consternation among policy leaders .  ted carpenter : conservative hawks are vocal in criticizing the obama administration .  he says critics are wrong to say that we should have kept u.s. troops in the region .  carpenter : let 's be grateful u.s. policy is not allowing more americans to die in ira .
 putting australia 's shark attacks in perspective <sec> a scuba diver became the third fatality from a shark attack in as many weeks .  authorities believe the man was killed by a great white off the australian coast .  west : shark encounters more likely , as water-based activities become more popular .  but he says many more people drown on average off australian beache .
 30 cartel members arrested in northern mexico <sec> new : assault rifles , other weapons and gear , and cash totaling $ 440,000 seized .  new : detainees suspected in drug trafficking , extortion and kidnapping .  the mexican navy announced the arrests of 30 gulf cartel members .  at least one marine and eight cartel members died in confrontation .
 artifacts from apollo missions sell at out-of-this-world auction <sec> a joystick used by apollo 15 commander to land on the moon sold for over $ 600,000 .  it was among hundreds of aviation and space exploration artifacts sold at auction this week .  many items touched the surface of the moon during multiple apollo mission .
 iwo jima flag-raiser posthumously gets citizenship document <sec> marine sgt . .  michael strank was among six who famously raised flag on iwo jima .  strank , born in czechoslovakia , became a u.s. citizen after his father was naturalized .  strank , killed on iwo jima in world war ii battle , did n't receive citizenship papers .  certificate given to his sister on tuesda .
 is abc 's 'the bachelor ' perpetuating latino stereotypes ? <sec> are stereotypes in hollywood harmless or harmful ? .  esai morales : `` i do n't want to be the 'spice ' added to a show , i 'm not a condiment ! '' .  reyes says latinos have other things to worry about like the lack of voter participation .  `` the key is to not let it just be a 'latino wave , ' and to be undeniably good .
 chris kattan charged with dui after freeway crash <sec> new : chris kattan tweets `` i 'm fine , passed all tests , released without bail '' .  kattan suffered a bloody nose in the crash , but no workers were in the truck he hit , police say .  `` it could have been a lot worse , '' california highway patrol spokesman says .  the actor is suspected to have been under the influence of an unknown dru .
 new jersey republicans slam bridgegate panel <sec> a panel investigating new jersey 's bridgegate controversy released its finding monday .  republicans on the panel differed from their democratic counterparts and want their own prob .
 estimated 6.8-magnitude quake strikes off coast of papua new guinea <sec> new : the japan meteorological agency lifts any tsunami-related warnings or advisories .  earlier , the agency had said `` there is a very small possibility '' of a tsunami .  the pacific tsunami warning center and australia 's similar agency reports no such threats .  the earthquake hits 81 miles east of wewak , new guinea , says the u.s. geological surve .
 gas guzzlers get new lives -- as tire-smoking hybrids <sec> small kansas company turning gas-guzzlers into biodiesel hybrids .  cars get much better gas mileage without sacrificing power .  celebrity customers include neil young , gov . .  arnold schwarzenegger .  conversions are expensive , but company is working on cheaper fixe .
 parents of nigeria schoolgirl : 'pain is indescribable ' <sec> samuel and rebecca yaga 's daughter sarah was kidnapped by boko haram in chibok .  samuel says he had moved his family there because it had no history of such attacks .  rebecca says not a day goes by that she does not think of her daughter .  although in low spirits , the couple remain hopeful that her daughter will retur .
 africa cup of nations 2013 : the teams <sec> africa cup of nations kicks off on 19 january .  hosts south africa take on cape verde in opening match .  holders zambia will be looking to defend last year 's triump .
 international criminal court to probe war crimes in ivory coast <sec> the prosecutor asked the judges to authorize a probe .  in the application , sources said 3,000 people were killed .  months of bloodshed followed a disputed november election .  human rights watch urged a probe into earlier violence as wel .
 cia head says bin laden isolated , fighting to survive <sec> bin laden isolated from al qaeda 's daily operations , michael hayden says .  `` he is putting a lot of energy into his own survival , '' hayden tells atlantic council .  hayden says cia believes capturing bin laden would be huge blow to al qaeda .  hayden says al qaeda hurt by sustained fights with u.s. but remains a threa .
 bush 'wanted dad to be alive ' to read biography <sec> president george w. bush has written a personal biography of his father , president george h.w . .  bush .  bush said he wanted his father to be alive to read the book and understand how his son feels about him .  bush also said it `` would be awesome '' if his brother jeb bush runs for the white house in 201 .
 is el nino behind spate of pacific typhoons ? <sec> spate of deadly storms have hit east asia in recent weeks .  statistics show number of storms in western pacific in 2009 is below average .  el nino phenomenon likely culprit behind recent spate of asia-pacific storm .
 overcoming excuses : i am not a runner <sec> pain has stopped fit nation teammate stacy mantooth from running the past .  mantooth developed asthma , shin splints , plantar fasciitis .  excuses are no longer going to stop mantooth from running , he say .
 obama hopes to see ancestor 's birthplace during visit to ireland <sec> obama meets with irish prime minister kenny in the oval office .  the president says he will visit ireland in may .  an evening reception for the prime minister is scheduled in the white hous .
 tabloid report on michael jackson 'fbi files ' questioned <sec> cnn 's drew griffin : `` none of this is new -- zero -- and there was no fbi involvement '' .  `` this stuff was not in the fbi files , '' former jackson lawyer tom mesereau says .  `` the paper took this old story and ( made ) it seem new , '' journalist diane dimond says .  a former porn actor whose investigator 's license was revoked is linked to the materia .
 kevin hart 's quiet hollywood takeover <sec> kevin hart has transformed himself into a box-office powerhouse .  after a slow start as a stand-up comedian , he branched out into acting in tv and movies .  he 's starring in three comedies in 2014 , including `` think like a man too .
 sudanese christian woman faces 2 new charges <sec> meriam yehya ibrahim faces criminal charges after being stopped at khartoum airport .  she is accused of traveling with falsified documents and giving false information .  sudanese authorities summon the u.s. and south sudanese ambassadors .  ibrahim had been sentenced to death for apostasy , then released on appea .
 carrying on the work of nelson mandela <sec> nelson mandela called on everyone to do something to make the world a better place .  there are many ways to carry on mandela 's struggle for justice and equality .  mandela fought racism , increased hiv/aids awareness and improved the lives of children .  no matter what the cause is that is dear to your heart , stand up for it because mandela di .
 ex-seals , online gaming maven among benghazi dead <sec> security officer 's dad remembers dedication .  president barack obama : `` chris stevens was a friend '' .  computer expert sean smith was renowned in the gamers ' universe .  they died in benghazi with chris stevens , the u.s. ambassador to liby .
 'do i want to compete again ... hell yes , ' says lance armstrong <sec> new : armstrong says he told his son : `` do n't defend me anymore '' .  he says he deserves punishment , but not the `` death penalty '' .  part two of armstrong 's interview with oprah winfrey aired friday nigh .
 smile ! the muppets are taking selfies <sec> the muppets now have an instagram account .  the month-old feed is being used to promote the new muppets movie .  interspersed with posters and ads are `` selfies '' from the muppets cast .  the movie `` muppets most wanted '' comes out march 2 .
 reflecting pool repairs on track , though it may not look that way <sec> reflecting pool has been under construction since last november .  new circulation system will keep the water cleaner , park service says .  when finished , the pool will actually hold less water than before .  parks official : `` the reflective quality of this pool is of paramount importance .
 scientists 'undiscover ' south pacific island <sec> the island shows up on the maps between australia and new caledonia .  called sandy island by google maps and sable island on others is supposed to be 60 square miles .  the ship sailed right through the area where the island was supposed to b .
 pictures do n't lie : educator and parent guide <sec> `` pictures do n't lie : a black in america special '' examines the legacy of civil rights photographer ernest withers .  withers may have led a double life as a paid fbi informant .  use this educator 's and parent 's guide to debate withers ' place in civil rights history .  the guide includes before-viewing and post-viewing questions , media literacy questions and a learning activit .
 tiny mouth wins top nikon small world photo honors <sec> 2014 winner of nikon photomicrography competition features open-mouthed rotifer .  competition started in 1974 to find world 's best microscopic images .  1,200 entries were received this year from 79 countrie .
 inside the minds of british fraudsters <sec> fraud in britain is estimated to cost taxpayers $ 47 million a year .  vice meets former and current career criminals for an inside look at how they do it .  a former fraudster says he 's now reformed and wants to help the government combat frau .
 smallpox found at nih : forgotten vials in unused lab <sec> vials of smallpox virus that appear to date back to the 1950s found at nih laboratory .  only two sites around the globe are allowed to hold the smallpox virus .  the nih has not identified any infectious exposure risk to lab workers or the publi .
 fodor 's 100 hotel award winners <sec> award-winning hotels were chosen by fodor 's from 4,000 nominations .  winners came from 43 countries , including newcomers colombia and myanmar .  categories include blissful beach retreats and culinary gem .
 jenni rivera 's plane plunged from 28,000 feet , mexican official says <sec> singer 's plane was flying at 28,000 feet when it began to plummet , official says .  it could have plunged at more than 600 mph , the transportation secretary says .  determining what caused the crash in northern mexico could take up to a year .  some of rivera 's family members believe she could be aliv .
 formula 1 chiefs save british grand prix <sec> formula 1 will continue in britain after deal between silverstone and sport 's chief bernie ecclestone .  announcement by the track 's owners means the oldest race on the f1 calendar keeps its place .  donington was to host british grand prix from 2010 but failed to secure $ 200 million for redevelopmen .
 how communities bounce back from disaster <sec> caitria o'neill got involved in disaster recovery when a tornado badly damaged her town .  she says communities need help organizing disaster relief in early stages of recovery .  she says volunteers , donations need to be coordinated , directed to community 's long-term recovery .  o'neill : it 's vital to involve local residents and to capture local dat .
 political shift likely as japanese head to polls <sec> liberal democratic party has been on top for almost five decades .  voters disgruntled with slow progress on economic recovery .  democratic party of japan set for its first majority .  dpj 's yukio hatoyama has obama-style message of chang .
 judge enters not guilty pleas for arizona shooting suspect <sec> new : federal public defender for jared lee loughner asks the court to enter the pleas .  new : loughner smiles and appears to chuckle to himself in court in phoenix .  loughner , already indicted on three counts , could face many more charges , including murder .  doctor say gabrielle giffords , shot in the brain , has `` surprised '' them with her progres .
 hundreds of thousands evacuate as cyclone nears <sec> cyclone hudhud is expected to have winds of 115 mph ( 185 km/h ) by sunday afternoon .  some officials are downplaying the severity of the cyclone .  `` we are confident damage will be minimum , '' a disaster-management official said .
 davis love iii named u.s. ryder cup captain <sec> davis love iii to captain the u.s. at the 2016 ryder cup .  love was the losing captain in the miracle at medinah in 2012 .  europe has won six of the last seven ryder cups .  northern ireland 's darren clarke was last week named europe 's captai .
 carpentry business gives jobs to homeless <sec> lamon luther employs carpenters and builders who lost their livelihoods .  brian preston hired men who live in the woods of suburban georgia .  after a few months working , some had saved enough to move into homes .  scott miller says his self-esteem has risen `` since i 've come out of these woods .
 dougherty siblings sentenced in colorado shootout <sec> new : dylan stanley-dougherty gets 32 years in prison , sister gets 24 years , brother gets 18 .  the dougherty siblings are accused of taking part in a multistate crime rampage .  they still face charges in georgia and florida .  they are accused of charges related to a bank robbery and an attempted murde .
 getting text spam ? new service helps you report it <sec> north american wireless carriers have deployed a new spam-reporting service .  service generates a data feed of spam reports that carriers can integrate into security .  organizations that disobey shortcode rules can find their shortcode lease revoked .  the service does n't tell you if any action was taken against the spammer you reporte .
 750,000 tickets for jackson concerts sell in 4 hours <sec> fans have queued through the night for tickets to michael jackson 's concerts .  750,000 tickets to concerts at london 's o2 arena sell out in four hours .  king of pop calling the performances a `` final curtain call '' .  tickets already being offered for resale at a price of up $ 35,00 .
 real need win over barca in 'el clasico ' - but it wo n't decide title <sec> real madrid and barcelona locked on 77 points at the top of the spanish league table .  real have slight edge by just one goal on `` for-and-against '' differential with eight games left .  both teams ' coaches insist that victory will not decide the la liga crown .  defending champions barcelona won the 79th `` el clasico '' 1-0 at home in novembe .
 opinion : kepler or not , we 'll find life in space <sec> nasa says planet-finding kepler satellite directional equipment failing .  meg urry says kepler has found 2,700-plus exoplanets , some that may harbor life .  she says nasa 's resourceful scientists working to fix it ; loss of its photometry would be huge .  urry : yale prof has other method to find exoplanets ; we 're bound to eventually find signs of lif .
 new york juicy couture store closes because of bedbugs <sec> the clothing company temporarily closed its fifth avenue store .  the store is expected to reopen friday , after an exterminator 's treatment .  bedbug-related exterminator calls have increased 81 percent since 2000 , study say .
 obama invited to visit cuba -- and bring jailed cubans with him <sec> cuban prima ballerina invites obama to come .  she also asks `` a favor '' : bring along five imprisoned cubans .  the five had been sent to the united states to infiltrate violent exile group .
 feds accuse jerk.com of scraping facebook , cheating users <sec> ftc announces monday that it has cracked down on jerk.com .  ftc says the site harvested facebook information from millions of users .  jerk.com has claimed that the profiles were created by user .
 syria : why the worst-case scenario has prevailed <sec> prospect of al qaeda or other militants prevailing in syria is a nightmare for west .  but fahad nazer says for many sunni muslims , the nightmare is already here .  attacks on sunni majority have turned syria into favorite destination for militants : nazer .  assad and al qaeda are two ugly faces of same coin , he says -- both must g .
 ray slams woman on boat in florida keys <sec> new : it 's the scariest thing that 's ever happened to her , the woman says .  jenny hausch was taking pictures of the rays as they flew out of the water .  the ray slammed her several times as it tried to get away .  eagle rays can weigh up to 500 pound .
 salt cave offers saline solution to sinus problems <sec> a salt cave clinic in london says it can treat respiratory illnesses like asthma .  treatment is based on a room recreating the conditions of siberian salt mines .  the process is called salt therapy , also known as halotherap .
 amanda bynes seems to apologize for latest rants <sec> amanda bynes has reportedly apologized for threatening her father .  `` i am doing my best to get better , '' she said .  bynes tweeted she was bipolar but later appeared to back off that statemen .
 diplomats : france , britain to abstain from palestinian-un vote <sec> france tells u.n. members about its plans at a thursday meeting , a diplomat says .  another diplomat says that britain similarly announced its intentions .  palestinians have applied to become a u.n. member state , despite israeli oppositio .
 france to relax sunday shopping ban <sec> french senate passes new law allowing more shops to open on sundays .  new law , if approved by constitutional council , overturns 1906 legislation .  sarkozy has had to deal with opposition from both left and righ .
 'cosmos ' dazzles in debut with neil degrasse tyson <sec> `` cosmos '' premiered on fox sunday night .  new series is a new version of popular 1980 pbs show with carl sagan .  `` cosmos '' hosted by astronomer neil degrasse tyson .  a goal : present science with `` glory and majesty and wonder .
 quiz : are you a genius ? <sec> take an informal quiz designed by mensa to test your brain power .  if you get 9 of the 10 questions right , you may be mensa material .  click here for the answer .
 georgia man convicted in infant 's shooting death <sec> teen , 18 , found guilty of shooting and killing a 13-month-old during a robbery .  the killing occurred in the u.s. state of georgia in march .  the teen 's mother was also convicted for her role in trying to cover up the crim .
 hariri claims win in lebanon <sec> new : hezbollah officials did not challenge hariri 's victory speech .  results not expected until midday monday .  at stake were 128 seats in parliament .  carter in beirut as part of more than 200 international election observer .
 travelers face chaos as ba crews vote to strike <sec> ba cabin crew vote overwhelming for strike action over proposed cutbacks .  union plans to begin action from december 22 for 12 days .  union opposes cost-cutting measures including reduced crews on long-haul flights .  union boss urges ba to return to negotiating table to avoid `` catastrophic damage .
 obama calls for overhaul of earmarks <sec> new : earmarks must have `` legitimate and worthy public purpose , '' president says .  new : president obama says he 'll sign spending bill with nearly 9,000 earmarks .  white house says bill is last year 's business , next time will be different .  critics say obama is going against his pledge to end wasteful spendin .
 nicolas anelka charged by english fa for 'quenelle ' gesture <sec> nicolas anelka is charged by the english football association for the gesture he made last month .  the former france international faces a minimum five-match ban .  he has until 18:00 gmt on january 23 to respond to the charge .  the `` quenelle '' is seen by many as having anti-semitic meanin .
 wounded syrians pour into turkey after bombing <sec> `` we do n't even have enough ambulances , '' turkish villager says .  heavy fighting between syrian rebels , islamic militants reported in several cities .  an islamist commander was reported killed in one of those clashes , rights group say .
