 witnesses : bodies burning in jamaica <sec> officials deny any bodies have been burned .  witnesses say dozens of bodies lay in the streets .  official death count is at 67 .  reporters whisked through portion of tivoli garden .
 5 years later , here 's how the tea party changed politics <sec> for better or worse , the tea party movement has made a difference .  who heard of ted cruz or sequestration back in 2009 ? .  protesting patriots or political obstructionists ? .  mainstream republicans are pushing bac .
 suspect in wesleyan slaying arrested <sec> new : stephen morgan , 29 , arrested in university student 's shooting death .  suspect 's sister earlier urged him to turn himself in 'to avoid further bloodshed ' .  suspect walked into bookstore near wesleyan university campus , opened fir .
 justices allow copyrights on foreign works <sec> the ruling means royalties will have to be paid for some foreign works .  a coalition of groups had sued to keep the works in the free-access `` public domain '' .  at issue are pablo picasso works , novels by j.r.r . .  tolkie .
 for venezuelan baseball players , protests hit close to home <sec> venezuelan mlb players say they 're worried about events unfolding at home .  athletes share photos on social media expressing support for their country .  some use # sosvenezuela , used by opposition to draw attention to the crisi .
 opinion : beatles `` bootleg '' scraping bottom of barrel <sec> mark coleman : `` bootleg , '' a release of obscure beatles tracks , is a holiday surprise .  he says group still earns millions and release may be tied to extending copyright .  with new 944-page book , too , he asks if beatlemania is scraping dregs of barrel ? .  coleman : some leftovers can be appetizing such as dylan 's recent `` bootleg series '' releas .
 once-secret reagan administration documents on iraq <sec> diplomatic courtship with iraq continued despite use of chemical weapons .  read once-classified documents from the reagan administration .  subjects include `` export-import financing for iraq '' and `` iraq 's foreign policy .
 u.s. warplanes , drones strike isis in iraq , again <sec> u.s. makes another drop of food and water to iraqis stranded on mountain .  fighter jets and drones targeted an isis mortar position and a convoy , pentagon says .  the warplanes targeted an isis convoy near irbil , the pentagon says .  isis militants capture dam north of mosul , kurdish official say .
 6 places germs breed in a plane <sec> airplane water has been under review for traces of e. coli for six years .  purchase bottled water to bring on board and do n't use ice cubes in your drink .  to avoid catching the cold or flu , do n't stash things in the seat pocket .  do n't wash your hands after using the airplane bathroom -- use sanitizer instea .
 australian deal to settle refugees in cambodia slammed <sec> australia has struck a deal with cambodia to settle refugees in the southeast asian nation .  in return , australia will contribute millions of dollars in additional aid .  the plan has been slammed by advocate groups who say cambodia is ill-equipped to host .  they say the refugees will lead endangered lives on the margins of society in cambodi .
 study examines student sexual harassment <sec> study said nearly half of students surveyed experienced sexual harassment at school .  author catherine hill hopes study will `` start a conversation '' about a difficult topic .  study conducted by american association of university wome .
 baghdad car bombs target shiite pilgrims , kill 32 <sec> two car bombs exploded as a commemoration for a shiite imam was winding down .  one bomb targeted pilgrims waiting at a bus station to go home .  an al qaeda-linked group claims responsibility for attacks a few days ago .  the latest incidents have sparked fears of renewed sectarian violenc .
 cruise ship sinking in antarctic waters <sec> 150 passengers evacuated from a ship after it struck object in antarctic waters .  ship , named explorer , was expected to sink , british coastguards said .  passengers in lifeboats , captain and first officer remain on boar .
 'g.b.f . ' director blames 'r ' rating on mpaa 's gay double-standard <sec> motion picture association of america gave film an r rating .  director says he thinks of movie as pg-13 .  `` g.b.f . '' .  hits theaters on january 1 .
 opinion : airstrikes will not beat isis <sec> uk parliament has voted in favor of britain joining airstrikes in iraq .  the uk wants to redeem itself after the iraq invasion in 2003 , writes lina khatib .  as it currently stands , the coalition 's plan carries a high risk of backfiring , she says .  khatib argues that airstrikes will not sever people 's ties with isi .
 google execs promote internet freedoms on cuba visit <sec> `` the internet of cuba is trapped in the 1990s , '' google 's eric schmidt writes .  cuban government tightly restricts web access , has criticized tech firms like google .  `` a night of technology without technology , '' says blogger who met executives .  schmidt also says he met with cuban government official .
 world 's most expensive parking places <sec> in hong kong 's central district , an executive recently offered $ 640,000 for a parking space .  a record-high real estate market and lack of supply is spurring parking prices .  on average , hong kong is the third most expensive place to park in the world .  average cost for parking is higher for car owners in london and in zuric .
 senators introduce law to ban 'crush ' videos of animal cruelty <sec> the legislation is aimed at `` crush videos , '' showing the deaths of small animals .  the legislation follows a supreme court ruling earlier this year .  that ruling overturned a broader congressional law on animal cruelt .
 german workers worried after delivery of poison-spiked bread rolls <sec> new : police are looking for people who bought lots of bread rolls or mouse poison locally .  police : the sandwiches were left in a box with a label saying they were a present to be eaten .  about 25 workers at a firm in steinfeld ate the bread rolls but have shown no symptoms .  tests on a substance noticed on top of the rolls revealed rat or mouse poiso .
 third fifa 'whistle-blower ' says 'bribes offered for world cup votes ' <sec> new `` whistle-blower '' comes forward over world cup 2018 and 2022 bidding process .  allegations made by former member of fifa 's ethics committee les murray .  australian says it was a mistake to award qatar 2022 world cup .  says qatar is one of `` the most morally corrupt regimes in the world .
 secrets of atlanta 's hartsfield-jackson airport <sec> a self-proclaimed airport sleuth shares tricks to make traveling easier , faster and comfortable .  hartsfield international 's e terminal food court is the only area with free wi-fi .  minute suites at b terminal offers secluded napping stations for $ 30 an hou .
 opinion : what angelina jolie forgot to mention <sec> professor of medicine gil welch surprised by huge reaction to angelina jolie 's op-ed .  welch fears women might wonder if they , too , should have preventive mastectomies .  welch : but 99 % of women do not carry the brca1 mutation that raises the risk of breast cancer .  he says women should look at family history before getting tested for the mutatio .
 china 's push to reform its maligned court system met with skepticism <sec> commission for politics and laws calls for reform of china 's court system .  chinese court system has been criticized by people and human rights groups .  skeptics say little is likely to change for communist party member .
 senate approves panetta 's nomination as defense secretary <sec> new : panetta says he is honored by the senate 's approval .  the senate votes unanimously in favor of the cia director succeeding robert gates .  senate confirmation was expected .  gen. david petraeus is nominated to succeed panetta at the ci .
 ebola lockdown workers find dozens of cases <sec> 130 new cases were identified during a 3-day lockdown in sierra leone .  more than 75 % of the targeted 1.5 million households were contacted .  at least 2,803 people have died from ebola in guinea , liberia and sierra leon .
 yankees all-stars remember steinbrenner 's passion <sec> yankees all-stars remember a fair , demanding 'boss ' .  legend yogi berra describes steinbrenner as a great friend .  steinbrenner died of heart attack tuesday in tampa , florida .  he was the longest-tenured owner in major league basebal .
 investigators may take 2nd look at high school where sandusky coached <sec> pennsylvania attorney general 's office asks questions about school administration 's actions .  jerry sandusky would take boy out of class without his mother 's permission .  sandusky is now serving 30 years in prison for child sexual abus .
 hanging out with the wacky 'flight of the conchords ' <sec> `` flight of the conchords '' is offbeat musical-comedy duo and hbo series .  members jemaine clement and bret mckenzie are struggling musicians .  the new zealanders are enjoying fame , particularly the `` free desserts .
 explainer : what are the protests in thailand about ? <sec> thaksin supporters say that he gave the rural poor a voice and real benefits .  detractors say that as prime minister he was greedy , self-serving and dangerous .  current premier abhisit vejjajiva keen to show no one is above the rule of law .  current court case relates to shares transfer in thaksin communications compan .
 roger federer : 'i 've surprised myself this year ' <sec> roger federer reflects on a triumphant 2014 .  finishes no.2 in the rankings behind novak djokovic .  highlight for federer was reaching final at wimbledon .  surprised to find his form so early in the year after 'difficult ' 201 .
 hate crimes bill goes to obama for signature <sec> new : senate approves bill expanding hate crimes law .  measure would make it a crime to assault person because of sexual orientation .  religious groups fear law could criminalize conservative speech .  attorney general says it will be used only to prosecute violenc .
 canadian lawmakers slam plan to build $ 2 million fake lake for g20 <sec> canada 's g20 hosting plans include construction of fake lake .  left-wing politicians have criticized the government 's lavish spending .  cabinet ministers say their plans will draw more jobs and investments .  meeting is scheduled for june 26-27 in toronto , canad .
 dylan , the beatles and the stones ? it was proposed <sec> glyn johns says dylan proposed recording with beatles , stones .  johns told the two groups , but mick jagger and paul mccartney declined .  johns tells story in new memoir , `` sound man .
 cops outnumber klansmen at memphis rally <sec> klansmen protest a decision to rename memphis , tennessee , parks .  one man says he wanted his kids to see `` what ignorance looks like '' .  community leaders urged residents to attend a `` heart of memphis '' celebration instea .
 'dallas ' star larry hagman diagnosed with cancer <sec> hagman , 80 , says `` it is a very common and treatable form '' of the disease .  he will receive treatment while working on the upcoming remake of `` dallas '' .  hagman underwent a liver transplant in 199 .
 gingrich says millions of illegal immigrants should leave - cnnpolitics.com <sec> newt gingrich says more than 7 million illegal immigrants would leave under his policy .  the gop presidential hopeful 's immigration policy has been attacked by conservatives .  citizen panels would assess which illegal immigrants were eligible to stay .  only those sponsored by american families could qualify , gingrich say .
 unmarked grave dug up in hunt for king alfred the great <sec> human remains are excavated from an unmarked grave in a winchester churchyard .  archaeologists think they may belong to king alfred the great .  the ninth century monarch is credited with fending off a viking invasion .  no tests have been done as yet to confirm whether the remains are hi .
 zambian men arrested over alleged homosexual acts <sec> authorities subject them to anal examinations without their consent , a rights group says .  amnesty international : it was the second detention for the two men in recent days .  homosexuality is illegal in most african countrie .
 how deep are relations between colombia and venezuela ? <sec> for a period , venezuela and colombia were bitterly at odds .  in the past year that relationship has healed .  obstacles to the strength of that relationship remain , analysts sa .
 judge finds amanda bynes mentally fit for trial <sec> a california judge has found amanda bynes to be mentally fit for trial .  she is now able to undergo criminal proceedings for a pending dui case .  the actress was placed under psychiatric hold four months ago .  in september , she was moved to a private facility for treatmen .
 prescription painkillers : fda aims to tighten control of hydrocodone <sec> fda wants new restrictions on common narcotic painkillers that contain hydrocodone .  patients taking them would have to follow up with their doctors more often .  the agency is concerned about abuse and misuse of the drug .
 mexico bicentennial no cause for celebration for many citizens <sec> the 200-year anniversary comes amid drug-war deaths and a slumping economy .  some residents see lavish celebrations as an attempt to try to distract the population .  analysts see mexico as `` downbeat '' and `` nervous .
 glenn beck : warning signs missed on economy <sec> glenn beck says u.s. economy has been slowly collapsing .  he says some people are trashing their houses before leaving them .  politicians have a lot of ludicrous ideas for solving economic problems , he say .
 castro victim returns to cleveland house where she was held for years <sec> michelle knight , 32 , was held by ariel castro for 11 years .  knight thanked residents on seymour avenue who helped in her rescue .  altagracia tejeda says knight asked : `` did you see me ? .
 skepticism grows over report of capture of gadhafi 's son <sec> new : two ntc spokesmen say the report is not confirmed ; a third denies it .  mutassim gadhafi taken after firefight in sirte , says leader of revolutionary council .  previous reports of captures of gadhafi relatives have proven untru .
 mumps outbreak spreads beyond ohio state campus <sec> as of monday , 63 mumps cases have been reported in one ohio county .  of those , 45 are linked to the ohio state university campus .  mumps can occasionally lead to serious complications , the cdc say .
 the future of gaming is all in the mind <sec> epoc headset by emotiv allows users to 'think ' and video characters will 'do ' .  experts predict concepts from the matrix and star trek could become reality .  games will become more social and have advanced storylines in the futur .
 anti-semitism growing in europe <sec> moshe kantor : threat of extremism and anti-semitism is not country specific .  police and law enforcement also need to be strengthened across europe , he say .
 28 years later , u.s. paralympians fulfill a dream in london <sec> pam fontaine and tara profitt are playing table tennis at the london paralympics .  they first competed in the games in 1984 and are delighted to make team usa again .  both embraced wheelchair sport after they were paralyzed as teenagers in accidents .  they lost touch for more than two decades before being reunited through table tenni .
 what will obamacare enrollment numbers tell us about its health ? <sec> an unbalanced insurance pool could lead to higher premiums , insurers pulling out .  cbo estimates nine million people will enroll in medicaid or partner program for children .  2010 supreme court decision overturned mandatory plan for states to expand medicaid .  many insurers and state-based exchanges do n't consider customers enrolled until they pay firs .
 mexican police : 5 admit to wedding kidnapping <sec> eight people arrested in daylight shootout between suspects , mexican federal police .  shootout paralyzed sections of juarez , mexico , for a time wednesday .  five suspects tied to one drug cartel , three to another .  federal police hail arrests as most significant since they took charge from military last mont .
 typhoon haiyan death toll tops 6,000 in the philippines <sec> more than 6,000 people now confirmed dead , more than 1,800 missing in philippine typhoon .  the death toll has risen by nearly 2,000 in just three weeks .  more than 27,000 people have been reported injured , a government agency says .  typhoon haiyan struck the philippines on november .
 board : no plans to change paterno 's contract <sec> contract negotiated amid grand jury testimony in the sandusky scandal will stand .  `` contracts are contracts , '' board of trustees chair says .  an internal penn state probe found paterno could have done more to stop the abuse .  a state college mural is altered to remove halo from paterno 's imag .
 old spice tv spot 'momsong ' sets internet buzzing <sec> the commercial is part of series to promote old spice body sprays .  the campaign is called `` smellcome to manhood '' .  the ad rocketed to viral status sunday when it was shown during nfl playoff game .
 mexican supreme court overturns decision that freed drug lord <sec> mexico 's supreme court declares an august appeals court ruling invalid .  rafael caro quintero , a former cartel leader , is accused of killing a dea agent .  a mexican judge overturned his conviction in a surprise ruling in august .  the u.s. state department is offering a $ 5 million reward for information leading to his captur .
 border patrol agent killed in arizona <sec> the agent is identified as 30-year-old nicholas ivie .  another agent is wounded .  the fbi and a local sheriff 's office are conducting a joint investigation .  ivie is the third border patrol agent killed in the line of duty this yea .
 hindus denounce ad attacking huntsman 's faith , values <sec> posted by a ron paul supporter , the ad questions huntsman 's values .  it shows him speaking mandarin and with his two adoptive daughters .  `` a man of faith ? '' .  the ad asks before a photo of huntsman with his hindu daughter .  a hindu organization calls the ad racist and intoleran .
 n.c. woman pleads guilty to killing , dismembering stepdaughter <sec> new : the da says justice `` absolutely '' was served in this case with the plea deal .  new : the victim 's biological mother is `` pleased and satisfied '' with the result , he says .  elisa baker admits to second-degree murder , abusing the girl and descrecating her body .  she will spend between 14 and 18 years in prison , judge say .
 'jetman ' lives the dream of flying <sec> swiss pilot yves rossy flies with only a set of wings and four small engines .  he uses the movements of his body to steer in the air .  rossy has flown over the grand canyon and the english channe .
 lego robot shatters rubik 's cube record <sec> smartphone-powered lego robot sets rubik 's cube record .  cubestormer 3 sorted the famous puzzle in 3.25 seconds .  the fastest human time , recorded last year , is 5.5 second .
 roommate indicted in rutgers university suicide case <sec> dharun ravi was indicted wednesday on privacy and bias charges .  a grand jury handed down a 15-count indictment against ravi .  he has been charged with invasion of privacy , bias intimidation , tampering with physical evidence .  tyler clementi killed himself after his sexual encounter with another man was broadcast onlin .
 ballon d'or : lionel messi vs. cristiano ronaldo - battle of the brands <sec> globe 's highest-profile players set to fight for ballon d'or .  award shortlist of three to be revealed on monday .  but is ronaldo more marketable than messi ? .  ronaldo 's facebook post estimated to be worth $ 143,750 in 201 .
 kevin bacon 'furious ' over having a dance double in 'footloose ' <sec> bacon says he did a majority of his own dancing .  he wished he had been able to do some of the flips .  the new `` footloose '' opens frida .
 fury over children 's 'big brother ' show <sec> boys and girls alone has been compared to adult reality show big brother .  children between 8 and 11 live without their parents for two weeks .  program shows children squabbling and arguing with each other .  british lawmaker says children must not be exploited for commercial gai .
