 autopsy : hannah anderson 's mother , brother were beaten and burned <sec> hannah anderson was kidnapped in august .  the teen 's mother and brother were killed .  hannah was rescued after james dimaggio , a family friend , was shot by police .  autopsy results for hannah 's mother and brother were released this wee .
 u.s. vets honor fallen comrades in south korea <sec> u.s. veterans return to south korea to remember fallen comrades .  as a bugler plays they remember their young selves .  at a commemoration service their feelings are mixed .  one summed up : the war was pain in the ass but it did prevent communism spreading in asi .
 official : 5 killed , 5 wounded in aerial attack in south sudan <sec> an airplane drops bombs on a market in unity state , a south sudanese spokesman says .  a sudanese spokesman says its military did n't carry out any attacks in south sudan .  a dispute continues regarding heglig , a key oil installation that south sudan recently took over .  south sudan is at odds with sudan on border issues , months after becoming independen .
 live ! from new york ! it 's mark zuckerberg ! <sec> zuckerberg makes a sporting cameo on nbc 's `` saturday night live '' .  facebook founder runs lines with guest host jesse eisenberg .  zuckerberg is perhaps the wealthiest person to ever take the snl stag .
 pakistani teen inspires others to fight for education <sec> malala yousufzai is a 14-year-old pakistani activist fighting for the right of girls to go to school .  yousufzai was shot in the head by the taliban for blogging against them .  nonproft organizations are working in pakistan to help girls gain access to education .  sign the `` i am malala '' petition or submit an ireport to show your support for yousufza .
 nasty , harsh , overcrowded : life in a honduran prison <sec> new : rights group amnesty international calls for urgent action to prevent future prison deaths .  inmates in comayagua prison slept in bunks up to seven tiers high , a visitor to the prison says .  `` i 've seldom been anywhere where i 've seen such overcrowding , '' he says .  honduran prisons suffer from poor infrastructure , staff shortages and violence , a professor say .
 the perfect poise of tan yuan yuan <sec> tan yuan yuan is san francisco ballet 's principal dancer .  career path as a ballerina was decided by the flip of a coin .  growing up in traditional chinese family , her father wanted her to be a docto .
 indian city to use drones for crowd control <sec> police in lucknow , northern india , have bought four drones to help control crowds .  the unmanned aerial vehicles are being fitted with cameras and pepper spray to subdue angry protesters .  some indians have questioned why police are resorting to `` authoritarian and forceful methods .
 no murder conviction in mexican immigrant 's beating death <sec> new : teens acquitted of murder , aggravated assault , ethnic intimidation .  new : brandon piekarsky and derrick donchak convicted of simple assault .  schuylkill county prosecutors alleged the beating was racially motivated .  incident drew national attention to rural mining town of shenandoah , pennsylvani .
 greece to hold new elections after stalemate <sec> radical left leader alexis tsipras says bailout terms are `` null and void '' .  politicians fail to make a deal after nine days of talks .  greek debt threatens the stability of europe 's single currency .  markets in europe fall on the news that no deal has been reache .
 why obama decided to strike isis - cnnpolitics.com <sec> by authorizing strikes , obama 's decision marks a turning point in iraq foreign policy .  obama 's reluctant action comes after gop criticism of his foreign policy on iraq and syria .  obama said the u.s. was acting to protect americans on the ground in irbil .  but past failures , questions over a broader strategy loom as u.s. asserts power in ira .
 memo : u.s. , brazilian leaders talked of chile coup in '71 <sec> document shows richard m. nixon , emilio medici had like-minded goals .  it says two leaders met at white house , nixon offered money or other discreet aid .  cia memo says brazilian general thought u.s. wanted brazil `` to do the dirty work '' .  memo , other documents were declassified in july of this year as part of projec .
 amanda plummer to play wiress in 'the hunger games : catching fire ' <sec> plummer , 55 , is the daughter of recent oscar-winner christopher plummer .  she 'll play wiress , a veteran tribute from district 3 , in `` catching fire '' .  `` catching fire '' is is set to hit theaters on november 22 , 201 .
 french lower house passes bill to fine prostitutes ' clients <sec> france 's lower house votes in favor of a law that penalizes those who pay for sex .  the bill must be approved by the senate before it can become law .  prostitution is currently legal in france , for both the prostitute and the clien .
 volocopter : 18-propeller electric helicopter takes flight <sec> introducing e-volo 's volocopter : multi-rotor electric helicopter makes maiden flight .  eco-friendly machine powered by 100 kg battery , can travel 70kph .  part of eu scheme looking at how personal aerial vehicles could replace cars .  expected to be available by 2015 , would cost around $ 338,00 .
 bodies of 2 children recovered from river ; mom arrested <sec> sheriff identifies arrested woman as 29-year-old shaquan duley .  incident has `` stench of foul play , '' orangeburg county sheriff says .  bodies of two children recovered from edisto river in south carolina .  they were trapped in a submerged car ; their mother has been arreste .
 mexican troops head to iguala , site of mass graves <sec> mexican federal forces are taking over security in the municipality of iguala .  43 students went missing there more than a week ago , and mass graves were found .  `` i am outraged and troubled by this situation , '' mexico 's president say .
 opinion : the biggest mistake democrats could make on benghazi <sec> gloria borger : republicans in congress name a committee to investigate benghazi .  she says democrats would make a mistake if they go through with boycott of panel .  political subtext of benghazi probe is gop effort to get voters to turn out in november , she says .  borger : if democrats skip the hearings , they lose their influence , access to evidenc .
 cast of '50 shades ' talks red rooms and sex dungeons <sec> '50 shades of grey ' stars jamie dornan and dakota johnson talked to glamour about sex scenes and more .  the interview hits newsstands february 10 , and the film is out february 1 .
 mexican official resigns after mass jailbreak <sec> report : top security officical in zacatecas state , mexico , resigns after prison escape .  53 inmates escaped in city of zacatecas , helped by 20 men ; no shot fired .  governor thinks inmates part of gulf drug cartel , operating in northern mexico .  interpol issued security alert for 11 of the `` most dangerous '' me .
 lack of access to hagel archives another flashpoint <sec> hagel 's official papers from senate service housed at university .  some senators say hagel not living up to promise to be forthcoming .  hagel 's confirmation process to be defense secretary has been rocky .  library dean says the situation with hagel 's papers is not uniqu .
 giant killers wigan slay man city again to continue defense of fa cup <sec> wigan beat manchester city 2-1 in fa cup quarterfinal .  wigan beat same opponents in last year 's final at wembley .  will play arsenal in semifinal clash .  hull to take on sheffield united in the other semifina .
 marvin isley of isley bros. dies at 56 <sec> youngest member of the soulful isley brothers r & b group has died .  original group formed in 1954 with the three eldest brothers isley .  marvin 's diabetes led him to have both legs amputate .
 a new nasa map shows earth is bombarded by asteroids <sec> a new map shows an asteroid barrage across planet earth .  nasa detection program reveals hundreds of asteroid strikes .  asteroid in chelyabinsk , russia , was largest to impact planet during mapping .  neo program helps find potentially dangerous space rock .
 mexican president unveils economic recovery plan <sec> mexico leader says gasoline prices will be frozen for rest of year .  also planned is ambitious program to rebuild nation 's infrastructure .  billions of pesos will be spent to help mexicans weather financial storm .  plan also calls for steps to aid small- and medium-size companie .
 moonshine to mexican marijuana : family gets busted <sec> 10 people , including grandpa , son and grandson , convicted on serious drug charges .  83-year-old former moonshiner gets 20 years ; son who led operation gets 9 years .  attorney : `` if the father got a longer sentence , it 's because he 's a lousy father '' .  authorities say case is a microcosm of what 's happening across rural americ .
 queen 's illness : concern behind the castle walls <sec> buckingham palace are putting a brave face on queen 's illness .  but behind the castle walls there is cause for concern .  advisers are acutely aware there will come a point when she has to slow down .  duke and duchess of cornwall have been creating a more regal air latel .
 newsquiz : week of march 26 <sec> use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student news .  write your answers in the space provided .  today 's newsquiz includes the media literacy question of the da .
 israel oks hezbollah prisoner deal <sec> israeli cabinet agrees to swap prisoners for two captured soldiers .  israeli prime minister says two soldiers most likely not alive .  israel will release five lebanese prisoners , including convicted kille .
 the u.s. supreme court : how it works <sec> court 's in session : the marshal shouts the traditional welcome -- `` oyez ! .  oyez ! .  oyez ! '' .  the justices are seated by seniority , with the chief justice in the middle .  no cameras are allowed , but the public sessions are audio recorded .  up to 10,000 petitions go to court 's docket each term ; only about 1 % are accepte .
 north korea 's bamboo curtain frontier <sec> secretive and closed off for decades , north korea is known as the hermit kingdom .  by land , china and north korea are linked by 7 road crossings and 4 railway points .  in recent years , n. korean refugees have fled into china seeking food , jobs , freedom .  tentative reforms have been aborted and north korea remains isolated and poo .
 'ghetto ' tours of bronx ended after outrage <sec> tour firm billed trip through the bronx as `` a ride through a real new york city 'ghetto ' .  bronx borough president ruben diaz jr. says the label misrepresents the area .  in response to a letter , real bronx tours shut down , diaz say .
 deadliest pandemics of the 20th century <sec> who raises pandemic alert level to four ; level 6 represents global pandemic .  three pandemics have occurred since 1900 .  spanish flu was the worst pandemic of the 20th centur .
 official : egypt 's foreign minister quits after less than month on job <sec> new : two men are appointed as deputy prime ministers in egypt 's government .  prime minister esam sharaf accepts the resignation saturday of mohamed el-orabi .  orabi had been appointed in june as foreign minister , replacing nabil elaraby .  protesters have again descended on a cairo square , demanding more chang .
 primary ad spending knocks regular advertisers off air <sec> tv sales managers say political ad buys push up ad costs , push out businesses .  one says , `` we 're able to accommodate some . .  but others , their schedules are just ruined '' .  interest groups have spent more than $ 8 milion in mississippi , more than any other primary battle .  the groups dropped nearly $ 2 million on tv advertising in the runoff alon .
 review : 'safe house ' is an action-movie porridge <sec> `` safe house '' as if on an action time clock , punches in the standard set pieces .  basically , the movie is a fizzless bourne episode crossed with `` training day , '' .  the director shoots in highly saturated colors , edits everything into a frenz .
 third of mexicans would migrate to u.s. , survey finds <sec> 34 % of mexicans would migrate to u.s. if given opportunity , pew survey finds .  researcher says number has hardly changed in past five years .  fewer mexicans have friends and family in the u.s. , survey says .  popularity of president enrique pena nieto fell 6 percentage points from last yea .
 beckham set for old trafford return <sec> champions league last 16 draw sets old trafford return for david beckham after ac milan are pitched against ac milan .  jose mourinho will face his former club as inter take on chelsea .  real madrid will play french side lyon while barcelona take on stuttgart .  liverpool draw unirea urziceni in europa league last 32 and juventus face aja .
 nsa leaker 's girlfriend says she 's 'lost at sea ' <sec> new : girlfriend 's father says he 's shocked by snowden 's actions .  lindsay mills describes herself as a `` pole-dancing superhero '' .  she took to her blog after her boyfriend came forward as the leaker behind guardian , post stories .  `` my world has opened and closed all at once , '' she wrote monda .
 world cup : can neymar-less brazil pass germany semifinal test ? <sec> hosts brazil face germany in world cup semifinal on tuesday .  brazil without injured neymar and suspended captain thiago silva .  germany come into match following 1-0 over france in quarterfinals .  mexican referee who missed luis suarez bite earlier in tournament to officiate matc .
 iceland wants to ban internet porn <sec> iceland is studying ways to ban internet porn .  government official says ban would be to protect children .  island nation already bans strip clubs and distributing porn .  parliament member says ban has `` near zero '' chance of passin .
 did you know the rock has had a top ten movie for 15 straight weekends <sec> the rock has starred in four movies so far in 2013 .  `` building an empire was the goal , '' he said .  three of his films have reached no . .
 bush blames hamas for gaza conflict <sec> president bush accuses hamas of building rockets instead of schools , roads .  bush says hamas committed act of terrorism by launching rockets into israel .  palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas to address u.n. security council .  secretary of state condoleezza rice calls for `` durable and sustainable '' cease-fir .
 southwest cancels flights as faa demands inspections of older 737s <sec> new : southwest airlines says as of 3:30 p.m. , it had inspected 67 of its 79 grounded jets .  new : the joint where the breach opened had been visually , not electromagnetically , inspected in past .  the federal aviation administration says it plans to mandate inspections of certain 737s .  about 175 planes , including about 80 registered in the united states will be subject to inspectio .
 obama meets with top u.s. commander for iraq <sec> new : president meets with commander to discuss planned troop withdrawal from iraq .  new : general reportedly gives `` positive assessment '' of security conditions on ground .  administration says withdrawal on schedule .  poll finds 64 percent favor president 's plan to keep 50,000 troops till end of augus .
 bill clinton : 'vast right-wing conspiracy ' as 'virulent ' as ever <sec> clinton : right-wing `` conspiracy '' not as strong as it once was , but is as virulent .  obama 's popularity may take hit , but attacks not good for country , clinton says .  clinton : `` no way '' that republicans will enjoy 1994-level success in 2010 election .
 romantic spots and activities for valentine 's day dates <sec> a list of 13 romantic spots and ideas that 'll work wherever you live .  san francisco conservatory of flowers is an under-appreciated romantic gem .  relive the past by stopping by the site of your first date .  try a new activity that you could continue beyond valentine 's da .
 zanzibar : acid attack on two british women volunteer teachers <sec> new : the government will regulate the sale of acid , step up police patrols .  eyewitnesses say acid was splashed on the women 's faces , chests and hands .  they were volunteering as teachers in zanzibar , i-to-i travel says .  their attackers were two men on a motorcycle , police sa .
 archbishop orders inquiry into wonga funding <sec> the amount of church money indirectly invested in wonga was about £75,000 out of investments totalling £5.2bn . .  the archbishop of canterbury said he was `` embarrassed '' and `` irritated '' by the findings .  lambeth palace said an independent inquiry would be launched into how `` this serious inconsistency '' occurre .
 man killed in shark attack while fishing off hawaii <sec> police identify man as patrick briney , 57 , of stevenson , washington .  the man was fishing from a kayak when a shark bit his dangling foot .  his companion tried to save him .  this is the 13th shark incident in hawaii so far this year , authorities sa .
 crisis in iraq : latest developments <sec> the united states calculates there are up to 10,000 isis fighters in iraq and syria .  isis wants to establish a caliphate , or islamic state , that would stretch into both countries .  un : at least 757 civilians were killed during the group 's advance in northern ira .
 new blackberry must remember its strengths <sec> blackberry sales have slumped in the u.s. but is still strong in emerging markets .  new models launched should remember why they are popular in developing world .  in places like brazil and south africa , the 10 is the update to their current phone .  in sub-saharan africa there is expected to be 175 million new customers in the next 3 year .
 justice department finds seattle police department engaged in excessive force <sec> seattle police have a pattern of excessive force , federal officials say .  a joint federal-state investigation of the department began in march . .  the investigation also raised concerns about discriminatory policing , officials sai .
 analysis : apple , china , foxconn and the fabulist <sec> a popular u.s. radio show has retracted an episode on apple supplier foxconn .  several dramatic claims by mike daisey have been found to be fabricated .  claims of talking with underaged and injured workers disputed by translator .  show helped fan the flames that sparked numerous protests against appl .
 study : latinos support democrats but not enthusiastic about election <sec> pew study : nearly two-thirds of latinos support democrats ; 22 percent back gop .  only about a third of latinos say they have given next month 's election `` a lot of thought '' .  about half of voters in general have given the election `` a lot of thought '' .  the study was conducted by the nonpartisan pew hispanic center research organizatio .
 space station detector gives first clues to 'dark matter ' <sec> scientists have been analyzing data from the alpha magnetic spectrometer .  they are seeking evidence of `` dark matter '' particles thought to be part of the universe .  alpha magnetic spectrometer is mounted outside the international space station .  it gives the `` most precise measurement of the cosmic ray positron flux to date .
 u.s. to help chinese , russian ships stuck off antarctica <sec> new : the u.s. ship should take a week to reach commonwealth bay , australia says .  u.s. coast guard cutter polar star is heading toward antarctica .  its aim is to help free russian and chinese ships stuck in ice there .  governments of australia , china and russia asked for the hel .
 u.n. envoy : do n't let kobani fall to isis <sec> canada will send fighter jets to target isis in iraq .  u.n. envoy : `` the international community can not sustain another city falling '' .  state department : u.s. goal is preventing isis `` from gaining a safe haven '' .  turkish president erdogan warns kobani is about to fall to isi .
 flu shot myths addressed <sec> the flu vaccine can not give you the flu , according to the cdc .  the shot lasts for an entire season , except for some kids who may need two .  the vaccine is essential for pregnant women to protect their infant .
 religious freedom laws : some controversial case studies <sec> a native american from a tribe not recognized by the feds wins the return of his eagle feathers .  an irs accountant is fired for insisting on carrying a symbolic sikh knife to work .  a group of chicago pastors takes on city hall over its permits for new churches and lose .
 zsa zsa gabor asks for 'last rites ' from priest <sec> new : gabor is in `` very serious condition , '' her husband says .  gabor underwent surgery friday to remove a blood clot .  zsa zsa has spent most of the past month in the hospital .  her hip surgery in july followed a fall from be .
 luis aragones : spain mourns the loss of 'tiki taka ' master <sec> former spain national coach luis aragones passes away in madrid on saturday .  the 75-year-old had been suffering with health issues since his retirement last year .  he is credited with restoring spain 's fortunes as an international football power .  aragones led `` la roja '' to 2008 european title after revitalizing team 's style of pla .
 team rebuilding world 's first website <sec> an effort is under way by the group that created the web to rebuild its first site .  cern researchers created the world wide web in 1989 .  it was released free to the public on april 30 , 1993 .  researchers say they want a new generation to see what the web was like the .
 five online dating types to avoid <sec> steer clear of these duds in the online dating pool , author urges .  guy who posts pix of his abs : either he 's married , or wants sex-only relationship .  the ads that are so general they attract anyone -- because that 's who he dates .  `` the fountainhead '' fan is overly concerned with making mone .
