 officials : militants kill 10 yemeni soldiers <sec> the incident occurs in the town of lawdar on wednesday .  the soldiers are shot by militants at a military checkpoint in the town .  in other clashes , an al qaeda commander is killed , officials sa .
 american ebola patient headed to nih <sec> american being flown from africa to maryland hospital ; to arrive friday .  nih has one of only four u.s. hospital biocontainment unit .
 south africa dune mining whips up sandstorm <sec> south africa 's sand dunes have been supporting a thriving ecosystem for centuries .  mining companies are eager to dig inside them for the minerals they contain .  environmentalists are campaigning for the protection of the massive dunes .  some argue that eco-tourism can be a valuable alternative to minin .
 russia test-fires missile amid tensions over nato defense shield announcement <sec> the intercontinental missile was launched wednesday morning .  the launch comes after nato says it now has interim ballistic missile defense capability .  nato had asked russia to participate in the system , but negotiations stalle .
 some japanese staying put despite radiation threat <sec> some japanese residents in the evacuation zone are refusing to leave .  damage to roads within the 12-mile evacuation area renders transportation difficult .  officials again urge residents near the fukushima nuclear plant to evacuat .
 football : chelsea draw blank for first time in epl <sec> chelsea held away to sunderland in english premier league .  jose mourinho 's men fail to score for first time this season in epl .  roundup : arsenal , man utd and liverpool all win on saturda .
 firefighter whose crew did n't leave to help dying man asks to retire <sec> lt. kellene davis files her retirement papers , a washington city official says .  she was in charge of a d.c. fire station whose crew did n't help a dying man saturday .  the man 's family says people were told to call 911 before the firefighters would help .  washington 's mayor has said he is `` absolutely furious '' about what happene .
 will adelson place a big bet on romney ? <sec> mitt romney meets with billionaire sheldon adelson in las vegas .  romney assured the casino magnate is fully supportive of the presumptive gop nominee .  adelson and wife gave as much as $ 20 million to a pro-newt gingrich super pa .
 what 's the difference between immigrant and refugee ? <sec> the distinction can determine deportation from u.s. or the chance to stay under asylum .  an immigrant chooses to resettle to another country .  a refugee is forced to flee his or her home country .  getting asylum in the united states is n't easy and could take year .
 suspect in ricin case described as 'a little different ' <sec> james everett dutschke is accused of sending ricin-tainted letters to obama and others .  he has denied the allegations in federal court .  dutschke ran for political office and has had variety of jobs .  he has been accused of molesting three girls under the age of 1 .
 independent walker ousts parnell in close alaska governor 's race <sec> walker is the second independent to win the seat in alaska 's statehood .  he ran as independent after parnell beat him in the 2010 gop primary for governor .  democrat byron mallott will be lieutenant governo .
 croatians raise money for young girl 's treatment in u.s . <sec> nora situm , 5 , has leukemia and will receive treatment at philadelphia hospital .  fellow croats raised more than $ 800,000 after media appeal from her mother .  croatia is still reeling from financial decline in 200 .
 official : 3 americans die as private jet crashes in france <sec> new : charter company confirms three crew members , no passengers on board .  two men and a woman were killed , official says .  the private jet crashed at the end of a runway at castellet airport .  the small airport is in the south of france , near toulo .
 with new congress comes a new push for gun laws - cnnpolitics.com <sec> lawmakers in house introduce multiple bills related to gun violence .  gun-control advocates sponsor bills requiring background checks for all gun sales .  two gop freshmen introduce bills to allow more guns around schools .  fate of proposed laws depends on getting support from both sides of aisl .
 waris dirie : supermodel survivor <sec> somalian supermodel and human rights activist .  campaigns against female genital mutilation ; suffered circumcision age just five .  fled from somali to uk as a teenager ; spotted by fashion photographer .  set up waris dirie foundation in 2002 ; received numerous award for her wor .
 formula one : bernie ecclestone to face trial in germany <sec> bernie ecclestone will stand trial on bribery charges , a german court announced .  the 83-year-old is accused of making corrupt payments during the sale of formula one .  he will step down as a director of the company that owns the rights to the motorsport .  however , ecclestone will continue to be involved in the running of f .
 china recalls tainted leukemia drugs ; returns tainted pork <sec> china has recalled two tainted leukemia drugs causing `` adverse reactions '' .  production , sale of drug by shanghai hualian pharmaceutical suspended .  china returned to u.s. , canadian exporters 42 tons tainted pork , turkey product .
 'doctor who ' finale : five moments that got us emotional <sec> `` doctor who '' ended its eighth season ( and first with peter capaldi ) with an emotional finale .  spoiler : deaths and other goodbyes .  fans on twitter had mixed reaction .
 man utd net reported $ 131m sponsorship <sec> manchester united sign sponsorship deal with american insurance giants aon .  reports say it will earn premier league champions $ 131million over four years .  that would send united to the top of football 's sponsorship income leagu .
 report : no evidence children were thrown into delaware river <sec> agencies have suspended a search for children reported in delaware river .  a woman told a nurse she threw her newborn off a bridge into the river .  she told another nurse she threw two other children from the bridge .  the search went on for more than eight hour .
 it companies move in on romania <sec> romania is known for strong computing and language skills and cheap labor .  electronic arts has a mobile phone branch in bucharest .  microsoft opened a technical support center in bucharest in februar .
 james bond 's license to kill curtailed in china <sec> chinese censors cut key scene , alter dialogue in latest bond movie .  `` skyfall '' was partly set in shanghai and macau .  more hollywood movies featuring chinese storylines and backdrops .  china now has world 's second largest box-office taking .
 autopsy not conclusive on amy winehouse death <sec> new : winehouse 's `` small , private '' funeral will be tuesday , her spokesman says .  the autopsy `` did not establish a formal cause of death , '' the coroner says .  lab tests may reveal what killed the singer , the coroner says .  the 27-year-old singer was found dead at her home saturda .
 an uphill battle to combat latino childhood obesity <sec> a disproportionately high number of latino-american families struggle with obesity .  programs designed specifically for latino children have had mixed results .  economic factors play a major role for many latinos in their weight struggles .  exercise , and whether or not children feel safe to play , is another facto .
 football fans battle for club ownership <sec> liverpool fans are hoping to pool enough money to take over the club .  many clubs have small or large stakes of shares owned by supporters .  british club ebbsfleet united is owned by an online fan communit .
 defago pips miller to kitzbuehel super-g title <sec> reigning olympic downhill champion wins fourth world cup race of career .  swiss racer pips america 's bodie miller by 0.05 seconds in kitzbuehel , austria .  lara gut wins final women 's world cup super g race before winter olympic .
 mh370 : more than 45 days into the search , here come the lawyers <sec> underwater drone is continuing its 10th mission wednesday morning .  meeting with chinese families is postponed again .  `` we want our loved ones back , '' father of missing passenger says .  malaysia airlines flight 370 went missing 46 days ag .
 well , this socks : great dane eats 43 <sec> the veterinarian removed `` sock after sock '' from the dog 's stomach .  there were 43 socks inside the 3-year-old great dane .  the dog had eaten socks before .  the amazing x-rays of the socks in the dog 's belly won 3rd place in a contes .
 new film gives mary j. blige the 411 on acting <sec> singer mary j. blige stars in new tyler perry film `` i can do bad all by myself '' .  film allows blige to test acting chops and sing as well as owner of club .  `` i was definitely nervous , because acting is not my first profession , '' blige says .  blige : movie is about redemption , saving yourself and healing from wound .
 simulated mars mission 'returns ' to earth <sec> new : crowds hand each member of the group a red rose .  new : while secluded , the crew has few luxuries .  new : the group asks scientists to put the data it gathered to good use .  the group 's isolation simulates a 520-day mission to mar .
 ex-world cup ref known as 'golden whistle ' jailed for match fixing <sec> former world cup referee lu jun jailed in china for match fixing .  china 's state news agency reports lu jun sentenced to five and a half years .  jun found guilty of accepting $ 128,000 to fix seven matches in chinese league .  three other referees also found guilty of match fixing and handed jail term .
 thousands help restore massive flag from ground zero <sec> jeff parness continues to `` pay it forward '' through his nonprofit , new york says thank you .  the volunteer group helps rebuild communities after a disaster .  it has also become custodians for the national 9/11 flag , which was damaged at ground zero .  people in all 50 states are helping to stitch the flag back to its original 13-stripe forma .
 7 of michael jackson 's doctors will not face criminal charges <sec> lapd asks state drug agents to probe seven jackson doctors , one nurse .  one doctor referred to medical board .  attorney general : no evidence to support criminal prosecution .  dr. conrad murray already faces a criminal charg .
 occupy london protesters set up tent city in the city <sec> protesters have set up a tent city in the shadow of st paul 's cathedral in london .  demonstration inspired by the occupy wall street movement in the united states .  activists are calling for a completely new financial and political system .  demonstrators say they will stay at the site until their demands are me .
 singer maxwell finds his way back <sec> maxwell 's return to the music industry has brought grammy nominations .  he made it big 1996 but went on an eight-year hiatus in 2001 .  he returned with a new look and a new cd , the first in a scheduled trilog .
 senate 's no . 2 republican to resign by end of year <sec> new : sen. trent lott announces he will leave .  sen. jon kyl will run for lott 's whip post , the gop 's no . .  2 senate post .  mississippi republican served as senate majority leader .  lott lost leadership post in 2002 after remarks perceived as racially insensitiv .
 author : u.s. security no match for mexican drug cartels <sec> mexico 's huge drug industry is too powerful for u.s. border efforts , john gibler says .  author says social , economic policies are needed to battle mexico 's drug problems .  it 's time to consider legalizing drugs , gibler say .
 raped at 8 and left for dead , a victim raises her voice <sec> jennifer schuett was grabbed from her bedroom and attacked at age 8 .  she was raped , her throat was slashed and she was left for dead .  she is publicly talking about the attack in an attempt to catch the man .  the fbi is investigating and advanced dna tests are due back any da .
 obama to urge myanmar not to extinguish 'flickers of progress ' <sec> new : obama arrives in myanmar for historic trip .  new : will encourage leaders to continue `` remarkable journey '' .  the trip is billed as an effort to boost economic and political ties with asia .  obama will be the first sitting u.s. president to visit myanmar , also known as burm .
 drone strikes kill 18 in pakistan ; supply route still blocked <sec> new : pakistan continues to block the border crossing .  the attacks come amid an increase in drone strikes in pakistan .  the strikes occurred in pakistan 's tribal regio .
 former nfl star , actor merlin olsen dies at 69 <sec> `` little house on the prairie '' actor dies of cancer at 69 .  defensive lineman was inducted into pro football hall of fame in 1982 .  olsen starred in `` father murphy '' on tv and was spokesman for ft .
 documentary filmmaker shot dead in el salvador <sec> french filmmaker christian poveda , 52 , shot at least four times in the face .  he recently finished a documentary about a violent street gang in el salvador .  motive in poveda 's slaying wednesday is being investigated .  salvadoran president mauricio funes said he is `` very shocked .
 the joys of slowly savoring paris <sec> this paris visit focuses on lots of walking , sitting and eating instead of rushing .  montmartre has secret vineyard ; île saint-louis is a charmer .  watching the crazy traffic around the arc de triomphe can serve as excellent entertainment .  assemble your own meal at the fruit , produce and specialty food shops on rue cle .
 kevin spacey : star of screen , stage and las vegas ? <sec> spacey is an oscar-winning actor and artistic director of the old vic in london .  he will lead the bridge project theatrical co-production in 2012 .  spacey would love to revive the headline nightclub act in las vega .
 braves reject 'screaming indian ' logo <sec> the braves had reportedly considered using a 'screaming indian ' logo on batting practice caps .  the logo drew ire from native americans as being offensive .  the braves are now using a navy blue cap with the scripted 'a ' log .
 rock climber scales his way to the top <sec> alex honnold became fascinated with mountain climbing at 10 years old .  honnold travels the country and world , climbing with and without a tether .  peter mortimer filmed honnold 's climbs for the documentary `` alone on the wall '' .  `` alex is inarguably the greatest in the history of the sport , '' says mortime .
 a closer look at the nobel peace prize <sec> three women share 2011 nobel peace prize .  a record 241 candidates were nominated for this year 's nobel peace prize .  the award is named for alfred nobel , a swedish scientist and inventor of dynamite .  last year 's winner was chinese dissident liu xiaob .
 rosberg tops timesheets as mercedes make early running at silverstone <sec> nico rosberg fastest in free practice ahead of the british grand prix .  mercedes driver edges out red bulls of mark webber and sebastian vettel .  home hope lewis hamilton fifth best at silverstone .  rosberg won the monaco grand prix earlier this seaso .
 do open plan offices lead to better work or closed minds ? <sec> facebook plans to build world 's largest open plan office .  popularity of open plan due to their adaptability .  some suggest they do not foster better communication or work .  unilever 's open plan office in hamburg , germany , had three full time psychologist .
 veterans in focus : brothers fighting brothers <sec> two akune brothers fought for u.s. , two for japan in world war ii .  u.s. brothers had been in internment camp ; served as interpreters .  japanese brothers drafted as teens ; one was spotter for kamikaze pilots .  brothers reunited after end of war ; all ended up living in u.s .
 nebraska nuclear plant officials reject comparisons to fukushima <sec> the fort calhoun nuclear plant is surrounded by floodwaters .  unlike the fukushima nuclear plant , the water has n't breached vital buildings .  fort calhoun officials say the situation is under contro .
 seven-star satire ? only in dubai <sec> the pan-arabian enquirer is the middle east 's answer to the onion .  the satirical newspaper is often confused for fact .  the region can be tough on satirists .  egyptian comedian bassem youssef was taken off the air earlier this mont .
 pakistan supports haqqani network , adm. mullen tells congress <sec> pakistan denies its intelligence agency supports the haqqani network .  pakistan says to stop the allegations or `` you will lose and ally '' .  `` the haqqani network ... acts as a veritable arm of pakistan 's intelligence , '' mullen says .  `` the insurgency has been turned back in much '' of afghanistan , panetta say .
 superman 's reunion with his real-life hero <sec> russell crowe and henry cavill 's paths first crossed when crowe was filming scenes for proof of life at cavill 's boarding school . .  cavill , who had been in school productions , sought acting advice and questioned crowe . .  crowe remembered the schoolboy and sent him a parcel , which included signed photograph . .  years later their paths crossed again in a gym , and then eventually as co-stars in the latest superman film .
 actress finds personal inspiration for cancer film <sec> jeanne tripplehorn knows how preachy and awkward cancer movies can get .  `` five '' tells stories of different women coping with breast cancer in five vignettes .  jennifer aniston , demi moore and alicia keys each directed a vignett .
 exxon mobil to pay $ 6.1 million fine over air pollution <sec> epa says company had not sufficiently reduced sulfur emissions at four refineries .  the facilities in question are in texas , louisiana and california .  exxon mobil says refineries now meet epa standards on sulfur emission .
 in the case of coded notes , a whodunit without an answer <sec> authorities trying to solve case of man found dead in missouri .  two pages of encrypted notes were found in his pocket .  fbi unit specializes in cracking code .
 cnn student news - october 21 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 'dancing with the stars ' returns with new look <sec> `` dancing with the stars '' returned on monday .  the competition is now in its 17th season .  it 's changed a few things in the format .  `` glee '' star amber riley was a top score .
 homeland security chief apologizes to veterans groups <sec> janet napolitano regrets line in report on extremist groups .  report said returning veterans are ripe for recruiting by extremists .  american legion objects to report ; vfw defends it .  conservative radio hosts , bloggers had brought attention to repor .
 mandzukic double keeps bayern munich nine points clear <sec> bayern munich return to action after winter break with 2-0 win over greuther furth .  bayern announced former barcelona coach pep guardiola will take over in summer .  second-place leverkusen beat frankfurt 3-1 ; borussia dortmund thrash bremen 5- .
 opinion : educating girls like chrissie can save a nation <sec> childhood friend of malawi president joyce banda had to drop out of school .  chrissie 's family could n't pay for school , banda says , so now she lives in poverty with kids .  banda : in malawi , girls often give birth and have no health care .  banda calls for education , access to birth control to lift families out of povert .
 jury picked in colorado movie theater shooting trial <sec> in the murder trial of james holmes , 12 jurors and 12 alternates have been selected .  the mostly middle-aged group includes 19 women and five men .  jury selection started in january ; opening statements are scheduled to begin on april 2 .
 wheels roll at silverstone on the future of f1 tires <sec> pirelli debuts 18-inch wheel as the sport tries to stay in touch with road car reality .  a switch to a more standard 18 '' wheel will be an incentive for other tire manufacturers .  the taller tires will affect the aerodynamic flow , weight and suspension of the car .
