 russian president putin : i did not steal super bowl ring <sec> new : the story is just a humorous anecdote , a kraft spokesman says .  russian president vladimir putin says he got the ring as a gift .  it belonged to new england patriots owner robert kraft .  putin was handed the ring during kraft 's visit to st. petersburg in 200 .
 wisconsin appeals judge 's hold on collective bargaining law <sec> republican attorney general files appeal to void judge 's delay .  the official says the judge has no jurisdiction over lawmakers .  wisconsin senate democrats contend that the bill 's passage violated open meetings la .
 lethal beauty : the guns produced by tiffany & co <sec> tiffany & co produced about 50 decorative guns .  they were intended as a showcase for craftsmanship and a symbol of american power .  the largest surviving collection is held by the metropolitan museum of art , new yor .
 australian zookeeper stable after attack by elephant <sec> a 2-year-old male elephant pins a sydney zookeeper against a post .  the zookeeper was initially in critical condition , but has been upgraded to stable .  the elephant herd -- including the young male -- are continuing their daily activitie .
 hot in mexico : mayan temazcal steam baths <sec> the two-hour ancient temazcal experience involves sweating it out in a stone igloo .  a shaman chants and uses hot rocks to release pungent vapors to rid the body of hatred .  aside from the spiritual aspect , the experience is said to have physical benefit .
 sudans conflict leaves 37,000 desperate for water , agency says <sec> 37,000 people need to be moved urgently , oxfam says .  `` the situation is getting more desperate by the day , '' oxfam says .  south sudan split from sudan last year .  despite the split , unresolved issues remai .
 jury : death for man who murdered cop 's daughter <sec> jury votes 12-0 to recommend death sentence .  michael king convicted of kidnapping and murdering denise lee .  mother of two was taken from her home by man in green camaro .  centerpiece of trial was victim 's frantic 911 cal .
 china : 43 dead when van hits bus <sec> new : six people are injured .  the accident occurred in hunan province .  a rescue effort is ongoin .
 gadhafi 's death answers four-year-old girl 's prayers <sec> dozens of libyans gathered outside embassy in london to celebrate gadhafi 's death .  crowds chanted , cheered , sang and waved libyan flag to celebrate dictator 's end .  four-year-old girl had spent months praying for gadhafi 's death .  family says selsabeel ageli 's grandfather was murdered by gadhafi regim .
 'queen of soul food ' sylvia woods dead at 86 <sec> woods ' internationally known restaurant has drawn customers from all walks of life .  sylvia 's restaurant opened on lenox avenue in 1962 .  `` we lost a legend today , '' new york mayor michael bloomberg says in a statement .  woods ' success led to the launch of a catering company and national food products lin .
 eight killed in india restaurant blast <sec> new : explosives packed in bag noticed by waiter , home secretary says .  new : four of the dead not from india , security official says .  at least eight people killed and 33 injured in explosion in pune .  shop , known as the german bakery , is frequented by tourist .
 miami dolphins player arrested in freightliner truck incident <sec> miami dolphins defensive end randy starks was arrested early sunday morning .  police say starks struck an officer with a slow-moving freightliner truck .  miami herald newspaper reports he was jailed on $ 10,000 bond .  starks is in his sixth nfl season and his second with the dolphin .
 grab these hot iphone 4 games <sec> `` madden nfl 11 '' is one of the best-looking hd games on the platform .  consider `` n.o.v.a . '' .  the closest thing to `` halo '' for your pocket .  `` zen bound 2 universal '' is a relaxing yet challenging puzzle gam .
 yoshinobu miyake <sec> olympic record : 2 gold medals and 1 silver medal .  he was the world champion in 1962-1963 and 1964-1965 .  weightlifter ; born november 24 , 1939 , in miyagi , japa .
 'skyfall ' director sam mendes returns for next bond film <sec> despite saying he could n't do it , sam mendes is returning for bond 24 .  the director previously said he could n't helm the project due to theater commitments .  however , he announced thursday that the studio is giving him time to honor those jobs , too .  bond 24 is expected to arrive in the u.s. november 6 , 201 .
 u.s. star donovan rules out europe move <sec> landon donovan rules out making a loan move during the mls offseason .  donovan spent three months with english team everton at the start of 2010 .  the 29-year-old will return to la galaxy for preseason training next month .  the world cup star has been named u.s. soccer 's male athlete of the year for 201 .
 obama , romney clash on china , taxes in ohio battleground <sec> new : romney releases new campaign advertisement on the economy .  new : obama and romney challenge each other on china trade , key issue in ohio .  latest poll numbers show uphill battle in swing states for romney .  ohio has chosen the winning presidential candidate since 196 .
 latest nsa leaks point finger at high-tech eavesdropping hub in uk <sec> reports detail surveillance facility in bucolic setting .  spanish media jump on latest revelations .  nsa : we do n't steal trade secrets of foreign companie .
 official : drugs , needles found with dead officers on maersk <sec> maersk , security contractor launch drug testing plan after deaths .  needles , traces of narcotics found with dead contractors , seychelles official says .  two american security contractors were former navy seals , executive says .  a colleague found the bodies in a ship cabin , police sa .
 latinos say they also face racial profiling by police <sec> latinos affected the same way that african-americans are , activists say .  harvard professor 's recent arrest has sparked national debate on racial profiling .  similar percentages of african-americans , latinos cite concern on police in 2004 pol .
 ebola outbreak suspected among uganda prisoners <sec> the hospital at the center of the outbreak now has 30 suspected cases , a doctor says .  concerns over infection ripple across uganda .  `` we do expect the number of suspected cases to increase , '' the doctor say .
 netflix renames dvd-by-mail service , adds video games <sec> netflix 's dvd-by-mail service will soon be renamed qwikster .  qwikster will begin offering console games at a premium .  netflix streaming and qwikster will operate independentl .
 cnn broadcasting legend larry king to step down <sec> new : king likes seacrest as a possible replacement .  king has interviewed every u.s. president since richard nixon .  by one count , king has interviewed more than 50,000 people .  says nelson mandela was most extraordinary person he has me .
 researchers : donner party member carried lincoln documents on journey <sec> experts say military list includes abraham lincoln 's handwriting .  the list , from the black hawk war , says lincoln had an $ 85 horse and $ 15 of equipment .  historians say an organizing member of the donner party carried the documents .  they are part of a collection at the california state librar .
 upscale restaurants rolling out dining deals <sec> upscale restaurants are offering prix fixe menus to attract diners .  some restaurants have three-course meals for $ 25 to $ 40 .  economic slump has hit high-end restaurants harder .  americans continue to dine out despite recessio .
 michelle obama : america 's new style icon knows just what to pack <sec> during her visit to europe , michelle obama shows her own american style .  mrs. obama shows her style to be elegant , smart , and appropriate .  an outfit from j . .  crew that obama wore has since sold out on the brand 's web site .  michelle obama looks exactly like what she is : a modern american working woma .
 nonprofit gets wheels for needy military couple with a baby on the way <sec> pair lives outside of washington , where getting around without a car is n't easy .  colleague submitted airman 's name to a military support group .  operation homefront provides financial help and other assistance for military families .  couple is expecting , and `` they need the vehicle to take care of the baby , '' group president say .
 pennsylvania teen charged with plotting to kill school enemies <sec> richard yanis charged with attempted murder for alleged high school shooting plot .  yanis , 15 , planned to kill people he did n't like and then himself , prosecutor says .  teen is charged as adult because of use of gun in alleged plot , prosecutor says .  teen described as introverted , no history of aggressive behavio .
 u.s. official : killed forces were reinforcing troops in afghanistan <sec> new : grandmother talks of loss of seal .  helicopter was on a reinforcement mission , u.s. military official says .  22 of the dead are u.s. navy seals , u.s. officials say .  a majority belonged to the same unit that killed osama bin lade .
 joe paterno was a coward <sec> roland martin : penn state report reveals joe paterno as a coward .  he says coach 's silence on sandusky sex abuse to protect reputation makes him complicit .  he says while paterno had eye on breaking coaching record , young boys were being raped .  martin : penn state should strip campus of markers of paterno 's reign . .  he was a failed coac .
 hackers attack australian spy agency website <sec> the intelligence agency says its public website does n't host classified information .  it says there may have been some `` technical issues '' with the site .  hackers claiming links to anonymous say they were attacking the site .  they appear to be motivated by proposals to store internet users ' web historie .
 texas death row inmate granted another supreme court reprieve <sec> court grants cleve foster his third stay of execution .  the order came just 2 1/2 hours before the scheduled lethal injection .  he was scheduled to die for the 2002 murder of a sudanese woman .  court said it needed more time to rule on his claims of ineffective counse .
 defending champion djokovic to face murray in dubai semifinals <sec> three-time defending champion novak djokovic reaches dubai semifinals .  he beat fellow serb janko tipsarevic to revenge atp world tour finals defeat .  djokovic to face andy murray in repeat of their australian open epic .  four-time champion roger federer also through to last fou .
 santorum on rfras : 'tolerance a '2-way street ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> rick santorum says `` religious freedom '' debate is about government telling people what to do .  santorum , a likely 2016 gop presidential candidate , weighs in on indiana gov . .  mike pence 's decisio .
 mass grave found after bangladesh mutiny <sec> mass grave found with bodies of at least 40 bangladesh army officers .  at least 62 officers found dead since mutiny by paramilitary bangladesh rifles .  rifles laid down arms thursday after pm agreed to offer them amnest .
 turn back the hands of time <sec> cnn contributor reflects on time as we set our clocks back an hour .  new technology was supposed to save us time , but greene wonders if it 's made life better .  greene : even e-mail was n't fast enough for us -- for speed , we have instant messaging .  greene notes people post pictures , notes about social events before they 're even ove .
 marussia : 200 redundancies as f1 team folds <sec> formula one team marussa goes out of business .  administrators failed to find investors ; 200 jobs to go .  marussia 's collapse highlights f1 's financial problem .
 maven spacecraft enters mars orbit <sec> maven wo n't land on the surface but study mars ' atmosphere from its orbit .  why did ancient mars change so dramatically ? .  maven sent to get answers .  maven stands for mars atmosphere and volatile evolution craft .  mars will be having plenty of other visitors : a spacecraft from india and a come .
 family spokesman : zsa zsa gabor 's condition 'not life-threatening ' <sec> new : doctor tells gabor 's daughter incident was `` not life-threatening . '' .  gabor , 93 , rushed by ambulance to ucla medical center .  she underwent hip replacement surgery there earlier this summer .  gabor went home from hospital two weeks ago `` to spend her final days , '' publicist sai .
 chinese police save hundreds of babies from online trading racket <sec> china busts crime networks using the internet to sell babies , authorities say .  police arrest 1,094 suspects and rescue 382 babies in the sting .  local media say some arrests took place in sichuan and anhui province .
 karzai : 'unofficial personal contacts ' taking place with taliban <sec> afghan president hopes peace council will boost taliban talks .  karzai denies report he is manic-depressive .  he says the afghan people are worried they will be `` abandoned .
 what can tourists expect in north korea ? <sec> about 6,000 western tourists have visited north korea this year , says north korea travel company koryo tours .  north korea visitors are given a strict set of guidelines to follow .  outside the hotel , a guide accompanies visitors at all times and every tour is a carefully choreographed affai .
 are baby boomers to blame for broken government ? <sec> ruben navarrette : two authors blame baby boomers for broken government .  they say that boomers are too inflexible , see disagreement as assault on their values .  he says other factors contribute to paralysis in washington .  navarrette : constant fundraising and power of special interests are ke .
 riquelme 's double lifts argentina <sec> argentina beat bolivia 3-0 in south american qualifier for 2010 world cup .  juan roman riquelme nets twice as argentina win third successive match .  ecuador coach luis fernando suarez quits after 5-1 loss against paragua .
 missing 'cult-like ' group found alive after suicide fears <sec> new : letters `` could be interpreted in many ways , '' sheriff 's spokesman says .  the missing group has been found alive and unhurt .  a member told cnn that the group is shocked to find out about the search .  two husbands had reported their fears to sheriff 's deputies on saturda .
 ohio kidnapping case : amanda berry 's baby delivered by another captive <sec> police : when the baby was born , it stopped breathing .  `` something must have clicked '' to spur amanda berry to escape , police say .  2 women , who were brainwashed and fearful , did n't run with berry , a source says .  `` ariel kept everybody at a distance , '' police say , adding others were n't involve .
 ny businesswoman accused of killing son stands trial <sec> the trial of gigi jordan opens with prosecutors saying she gave her son a drug overdose .  jude mirra , 8 , who was autistic , died from painkillers and anti-inflammatories , prosecutors say .  the defense says the desperate mother aimed to protect her son from a sexually abusive father .  jordan , charged with second-degree murder , faces 15 years to life in prison if convicte .
 houston champion kim overcomes mental and physical obstacles <sec> anthony kim wins his first pga tour title in two years in playoff at houston open .  american defeats compatriot vaughn taylor despite playing with a torn thumb ligament .  kim says he is a changed man after admitting he had a bad attitude last year .  the 24-year-old will have surgery on injured hand after this week 's masters at august .
 elizabeth warren : dream candidate fights for families - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the massachusetts senator says washington works well for special interests and the well-connected but leaves out the rest of the nation .  she says that in her eyes , two declared gop candidates have already disqualified themselve .
 jennifer lopez : i 've felt abused in the past <sec> jennifer lopez opens up about past relationships in new book .  lopez says she 's felt abused in `` one way or another '' .  she does not say that she was physically abused .  the star says her book represents a journey of self-discover .
 fighting ebola : can the world stop it ? <sec> ebola has spread exponentially , not linearly .  cnn team on the ground in liberia to report on the outbreak .  they must take their temperature twice every day as a precaution .  obama said earlier this week that the world knows how to fight this diseas .
 5 things to watch at the sochi winter olympics on monday <sec> jamaica is in last place in the two-man bobsled .  u.s. , canadian women 's hockey teams compete in semis .  americans meryl davis and charlie white are favored to win ice dancing .  bob costas will return to the broadcast boot .
 myanmar junta tries suu kyi and her u.s. visitor <sec> myanmar opposition leader aung san suu kyi on trial with u.s. man .  john yettaw is charged with trespassing into restrictive area .  suu kyi 's supporters call charges an excuse to extend her house arrest .  the nobel peace prize laureate was scheduled to end 13 years of house arres .
 what 's really , truly going on with facebook ? <sec> two incidents this week cause backlash against facebook .  the company changes users ' e-mail addresses , tests `` find friends '' feature .  but what concerns underlie the discontent with facebook .
 17 feared dead as u.n. aid flight crashes in congo <sec> flight operators : aerial survey indicates occupants on aircraft died .  search and rescue crews not able to land their helicopter in the area , u.n. says .  plane was on a routine flight from kinsasha to the eastern city of gom .
 president : sierra leone will become aid donor in next 50 years <sec> ernest bai koroma has been president of sierra leone since 2007 .  koroma says the resource-rich country is ready for business .  he spoke to cnn about the bumbuna project and other development strategie .
 fast food puts med diet on 'endangered list ' <sec> mediterranean diet has declined into a `` moribund state '' according to the u.n . .  fat consumption has increased markedly in mediterranean countries .  italy , spain , greece and morocco want med diet to gain unesco statu .
 emergency ban extended on chemicals used in drugs that mimic pot <sec> the drug enforcement administration is extending its ban for six months .  the one-year ban on the chemicals was set to expire soon .  drugs marketed as herbal incense under such names as k2 , blaze , spice , red x dawn .  users of these synthetic drugs might have convulsions , vomiting , disorientatio .
 chris rock : it 's simple , vote for the guy with one house <sec> chris rock tells larry king that mccain is on the verge of getting knocked out .  `` i hope obama wins just because ... the country needs it '' .  rock says he ca n't support a guy like mccain with `` 12 houses '' .  says vote for the guy with one house , cause he 's scared of losing i .
 not all soccer fans are racist hooligans <sec> brendan o'neill : video of fans pushing black man , shouting racist chants plays to stereotype .  o'neill : conduct was horrible but is far from the norm today .  racism and violence are way down in british soccer , he say .
 air france crash recovery ends with 74 bodies missing <sec> new : 74 bodies will never be found .  human remains and airplane wreckage are en route to france by ship , investigators say .  the airbus a330 plane crashed two years ago , killing all 228 people aboard .  it took four searches to find the wreckag .
 real life 'avatar ' moon waiting to be found , scientists say <sec> james cameron film `` avatar '' sparks renewed interest in real-life aliens being discovered .  new cutting edge technology is allowing astronomers to look deeper and deeper into space .  u.s. astronomer lisa kaltenegger believes there is every chance of alien moons existin .
 rand paul : ebola is not like aids - cnnpolitics.com <sec> rand paul said in an interview with cnn that ebola is `` not like aids . '' .  he criticized the obama administration for `` downplaying '' the disease 's significance .
 the 'inside politics ' forecast : gop jitters over kansas <sec> a number of top republican strategists say a gop win in kansas is now hardly a sure thing .  republicans can not count on a big midterm wave this year .  any action this year on immigration would put pressure on the 2016 class of gop presidential contender .
