 somali pirates fire at u.s. helicopter , navy says <sec> helicopter was not struck , all crew members safe .  somali pirates hijacked the m/v win far on april 6 .  navy says it is being used as a `` mother ship '' to launch attacks on other ship .
 d.c. handing out 500,000 female condoms to fight hiv <sec> d.c. officials will hand out 500,000 female condoms at salons and community centers .  informal training sessions to teach women how to use the little-known product will be given .  hiv infection rate six times higher than national average in d.c. ; 30 % are women .  outreach worker : `` it will give a woman a choice , freedom to use protection .
 paris vs. new york : an artist 's take <sec> graphic designer vahram muratyan pays tribute to the two cities through illustrations .  the whimsical drawings pair distinctly paris things with their new york counterparts .  `` i grew up with an obsession '' with new york , the paris-born artists says .  he calls the illustrations a friendly visual match between the two citie .
 secret service tapes lost on train under investigation <sec> secret service information was left on d.c. subway system in 2008 .  contractor was transporting the tapes .  agency says the information was safeguarded .  security expert questions how tapes were being transporte .
 two americans freed by north korea flying to u.s . <sec> plane carrying men is scheduled to land at washington base .  kenneth bae family has `` been waiting for and praying for this day for two years '' .  director of national intelligence james clapper traveled to pyongyang .  north korea claims it received apology from president barack obam .
 the death of iran 's 'dead sea ' <sec> iran 's lake urmia used to be the largest lake in the middle east .  but the salt lake has shrunk by two-thirds since 1997 .  meysam mir zendehdel recently documented the dying lake and its effect on the communit .
 from muse to moneymaker : a brighter picture for women in art <sec> at christie 's last contemporary art auction , four of the 10 most expensive works were by women .  nearly a quarter of all lots were by female artists , who accounted for 36 % of total sales .  e-commerce sites also report steady sales of art by wome .
 energizing india <sec> freeplay energy founder rory stear appeared on principal voices in 2007 .  of pv he says : it 's thrilling to be asked , it has been a great experience '' .  in 2008 , freeplay energy started manufacturing lighting for india 's poor .  working on an indian version of the lifeline light for distribution to village .
 beauty queen monica spear 's killers nabbed , venezuela says <sec> new : monica spear 's daughter still has a bullet lodged in her leg , family says .  a top investigator says robbery was the motive behind the double homicide .  7 suspects have been arrested ; 4 remain on the loose , he says .  venezuela was shocked by the killing of spear , a beauty queen and soap opera sta .
 ukraine crisis : heads , vladimir putin wins -- tails , russia loses ? <sec> russia mints coin to commemorate `` reunification '' with ukraine 's crimea region .  coin features russian president vladimir putin on one side , and crimea map on other .  experts say russia 's involvement in ukraine 's ongoing crisis is hurting russian economy .  standard and poor 's cut russia 's credit rating to one level above junk on frida .
 commentary : sotomayor the crime fighter <sec> anthony barkow : sonia sotomayor 's experience would set her apart on top court .  he says her time as a local prosecutor gave her invaluable experience .  barkow says that background would be of great value to supreme cour .
 why latinos are key in election <sec> ruben navarrette : four reasons why so many are focused on the latino vote this election .  he says latino voters rolls have swelled , and they are well-represented in swing states .  he says they skew democrat , but may be open to gop ; immigration an issue either way .  navarrette : latinos face hobson 's choice in electio .
 barcelona title celebrations on hold after draw with bilbao <sec> barcelona fourth title in five seasons not yet confirmed after 2-2 draw at bilbao .  real madrid beat city rivals atletico 2-1 in madrid derby .  napoli close gap on juventus to eight points after 3-0 win at pescar .
 victory at end of 'frustrating ' season for rory mcilroy <sec> rory mcilroy wins australian open by one shot .  overhauls overnight leader adam scott .  scott misses out on australian 'triple crown ' .  first victory of 2013 for mcilro .
 kobe 's right : the dream team would lose <sec> kobe bryant suggests the 2012 olympic basketball team would beat 1992 's dream team .  shayne lee : it might be blasphemous , but dream team would n't beat today 's players .  in elite performance systems , lee says , players break records and get better each year .  lee : past record-setting athletes would be hard-pressed to recreate accomplishments toda .
 novak djokovic battles past roger federer 's conqueror gael monfils <sec> novak djokovic taken to three sets by gael monfils of france .  shanghai masters defending champion wins 6-7 6-2 6-4 .  world no.1 rafael nadal into semifinals beating stanislas wawrinka .  juan martin del potro and jo-wilfried tsonga also make last fou .
 suze orman decides what you can afford <sec> suze orman explains what two couples ' finances can handle in this economy .  ken and deb want to get divorced because living under the same roof is hard .  until chris and michaela save emergency fund , insurance -- hobby is out .  orman : `` no.1 deficit in this country is women not taking care of themselves .
 two u.s. journalists missing in lebanon <sec> new : mom called newspaper after she had n't heard from son in three days .  two on vacation in lebanon and have n't been heard from since a week ago .  they reportedly were headed for northern lebanese cities of byblos and tripol .
 romney gets positive review from demint , hits back at santorum <sec> new : rick santorum says `` we might as well stay '' with obama if romney will be similar .  new : a `` disappointed '' romney says any republican would be better than obama .  sen. jim demint , an influential conservative , suggests other candidates bow out .  the louisiana primary saturday is the next contest in the republican presidential rac .
 isis goes global <sec> bergen : boko haram is the latest of terrorist groups in 12 countries to pledge allegiance to isis .  he says the spread of isis poses questions for obama , congress in deciding future of fight against terroris .
 typhoon-stricken north korea rebuffs aid offer from south <sec> in august , tropical storm bolaven killed at least 48 people , left tens of thousands homeless .  south korea offered aid , and the north requested a list of aid items .  south korea offered the north flour , instant noodles , medical supplies and other aid .  `` north korea replied saying that they do n't need such aid , '' south korean unification ministry say .
 california prosecutors sue walgreens over waste disposal <sec> walgreens employees improperly disposed of materials , prosecutors say .  a lawsuit says the drug store chain broke california laws .  walgreens says it is working with local and state authorities .  attorney : `` walgreen 's actions were systematic and statewide .
 scientists warn of twitter dangers <sec> usc study says rapid-fire twitter and news updates are too fast for brain .  scans show humans respond rapidly to pain , but not compassion , admiration .  scientists say reliance on news snippets could harm moral compas .
 kerry : saudi arabia ok with international military strike on syria <sec> new : president obama to talk syria on capitol hill on tuesday .  qatar says it is examining options on how to deal with syria .  syrian president tells u.s. journalist that syria is prepared to retaliate if u.s. attacks .  syria crossed 'international , global red line , ' he say .
 ferguson prosecutor to governor : 'man up ' <sec> michael brown case prosecutor slams missouri governor .  growing chorus calls for prosecutor 's ouster amid controversy .  wednesday was the first day of grand jury evidence presentatio .
 house gop punts on farm bill <sec> `` we will deal with the farm bill after the election , '' said speaker john boehner , r-ohio .  current law regarding support for farmers and ranchers expires september 30 .  failure to pass a new law wo n't impact existing federal support in 2012 .  several farm belt republicans pushing for quick legislative action on a five-year pla .
 reported saudi paralysis sentence 'outrageous , ' rights group says <sec> a saudi court has sentenced a man to be paralyzed if he ca n't pay compensation , media say .  the man stabbed and paralyzed his friend 10 years ago , the saudi gazette says .  amnesty international says the reported sentence would be torture if carried out .  the saudi justice ministry has not responded to requests for comment on the cas .
 goodbye google places , hello more google plus <sec> google plus local will replace google places for local recommendations .  the tool incorporates reviews from zagat as well as from users ' friends .  google is working to incorporate google+ with its other product .
 frequent flier miles : it 's about the money <sec> 'mile runners ' take trips just to get frequent flier points .  ben schlappig traveled 270,000 miles in four days .  many airlines are changing their reward systems to make it harde .
 gop , it 's time to give huntsman another look <sec> john avlon says some conservatives are starting to give jon huntsman another look .  he says huntsman a modern anomaly : a cool conservative with campaign of civility , ideas .  he says white house worries about him ; as gop candidates fall , his prospects are rising .  avlon : gop is wary of huntsman 's style , but should consider electability , substanc .
 onlive could threaten xbox , ps3 and wii <sec> a start-up called onlive announced a new video game distribution system .  system will digitally distribute first-run games from major publishers like ea .  games will be streamed to tvs at the same time they hit stores .  service expected to go into a public beta this summer , and to launch this winte .
 demi lovato speaks on dad 's death <sec> demi lovato appeared on `` good morning america '' thursday .  she discussed the death of her father , patrick , who dealt with mental illness .  in his honor , the singer 's setting up a scholarship at a recovery center to help those in nee .
 forms at the doctor 's office just got fun <sec> the tonic health app uses colorful graphics , interactive features to ask questions .  doctors can get a real-time risk assessment on their tablets before seeing patients .  intake info should be integrated with electronic health records , doctor say .
 opinion : obama is responsible for va mess , but it may not be his fault <sec> alex castellanos says the path to the va crisis was paved with good intentions .  the va is the second largest bureaucracy in our federal government .  he calls the va `` a glorified assembly line that excels at enforcing standardization .
 this is your brain on wedding planning <sec> when kristy griggs got engaged , she did n't anticipate what it would do to her brain .  she calls this state `` wedding world , '' an alternate reality where planning takes over .  there 's a lot of bliss involved -- right before the freakout sets in .  she finds most engaged couples go through it and find their way back to normalc .
 warm waters blamed for at least 5,000 pelican deaths on peru 's coast <sec> warm waters off peru have chased away fish , a national center studying el nino says .  surface-feeders like pelicans were left without a food supply .  people are told seafood and the beaches are saf .
 china ratchets up rhetoric ahead of nobel ceremony <sec> china has responded furiously since the peace prize was announced .  it has called the award a western plot .  some international news websites are inaccessible in mainland china .  several nations have said they will not attend friday 's ceremon .
 jail sentence for dissident sri lankan reporter condemned <sec> j.s . .  tissainayagam , editor of a monthly magazine , arrested in march 2008 .  printing articles critical of sri lankan military 's treatment of civilians during civil war .  tamil journalist was held without charge for several months .  case drawn international attention to the plight of press freedom in sri lank .
 former apple employee explains 'upside-down ' logo <sec> ex-apple employee explains why notebook logo used to be `` upside-down '' .  joe moreno says apple staffers at the time were confused .  he says steve jobs wanted it to face the user when opening a lapto .
 two men charged in beating of giants fan ordered to stand trial <sec> marvin norwood , 30 , and louie sanchez , 29 , are charged with felonies .  they have pleaded not guilty .  san francisco giants fan bryan stow was beaten after a los angeles dodgers game .  stow had been in a coma and is now recovering from a brain injur .
 turkish protesters clash with police in bomb-hit border town <sec> new : provincial governor says security forces have detained 17 people over last week 's attack .  chanting crowds call for turkey 's government and prime minister to resign .  a protest over the government 's handling of the attack in a turkish border town turned violent .  about 50 people died and about 100 were injured in the explosions in reyhanl .
 heat headed back to nba finals <sec> the nba finals begin thursday in miami .  the heat faces the spur .
 why jeb bush should n't be president ( opinion ) <sec> tim stanley : it 's depressing to hear people talking about jeb bush and a possible 2016 run .  he says bush has merits compared to gop newbies .  but a bush vs. clinton race would be a giant step backward in time , stanley says .  stanley : washington exhausted by old policy battles , players ; needs fresh ideas , new star .
 when the flu wiped out millions ( opinion ) <sec> perri klass : before ebola , there was spanish flu , world war i-era pandemic .  it killed tens of millions , more than died in war ; mainly young adults ; was similar to ebola .  one result : cities modernized medical infrastructure , strategies to stop spread , she says .  klass : it taught us realities of stemming contagion : wash hands , get your flu shot .
 samsung tablet 'not cool ' says uk judge <sec> uk judge rules galaxy tabs `` not cool '' enough to be mistaken for ipads .  apple claimed three models were too similar to its ipad design .  apple has 21 days to appeal against the uk ruling .  rivals access apple of using its patents aggressively to disrupt sale .
 endangered whales gather in unprecedented numbers <sec> scientists count record number of right whales in cape cod bay .  a rich food source is drawing the whales .  only 450 right whales are known to exist , scientists sa .
 trailer park becomes 'paradise ' for sex offenders <sec> 95 of 200 residents of florida trailer park are convicted sex offenders .  sex offender named michael says trailer park is `` paradise '' .  one resident objects : `` my place is worth nothing now '' .  authorities monitor park constantly , say offenders coming from all over stat .
 'eastbound and down ' returns for final season in september <sec> the final season of `` eastbound and down '' is coming .  production will start friday in north carolina .  the third season concluded in april 2012 and was thought to be the las .
 turkey strikes targets in syria in retaliation for shelling deaths <sec> new : witnesses observe intermittent artillery fire from turkey into syria , cnn turk reports .  syria says it is investigating source of gunfire fired into turkey .  no evidence of broader conflict , u.s. defense official says .  turkey strikes targets in syria following shelling of a turkish border tow .
 commentary : a view from the cdc on autism <sec> cdc says it 's conducting large study to investigate autism causes , risk factors .  campaign tells parents , care providers , educators about autism warning signs .  cdc : high-quality , large-scale studies found no links between autism , vaccines .  agency defends flexible vaccine schedules , urges parents to talk with doctor .
 gallas blames domenech for france 's world cup disaster <sec> gallas pins blame for disastrous french world cup campaign on former coach domenech .  defender was interviewed in french culture magazine les inrockuptibles .  he says french players found it hard to build a relationship with the coach .  french midfielder patrick vieira plans to retire from international footbal .
 suspected arson hits detroit 's heidelberg project again <sec> suspicious fire destroys another heidelberg project property in detroit .  atf and detroit fire officials investigate suspected arson in string of fires .  project security saw a man in dark clothing fleeing `` the war room '' installatio .
 arms dealer 's dad wanted 'nice ' doctor son <sec> 22-year-old arms dealer faces congressional inquiry .  company supplied ammunition made in china decades ago .  company 's contract called for bullets made in hungary .  grandfather says dealer , 22 , had `` gift '' for weaponr .
 they 're desperate enough to sing for a job <sec> people invited to sing for job help in `` careereoki '' contest .  best videotape of singing contestant will earn prize worth $ 8,000 .  central florida contest sponsored by school board , job-placement agenc .
 police : missouri man secretly exposed partner , maybe 300 more , to hiv <sec> new : police file probable cause statement on behalf of 2 more alleged victims .  new : mangum says all his partners since getting hiv were white males , a detective says .  mangum told police he did n't tell sex partners of hiv diagnosis due to his `` fear of rejection '' .  officials say his partners ' identities are n't all known , even by mangum himsel .
 falcao : soccer 's 'tiger ' prowls for goals <sec> radamel falcao , known as `` el tigre , '' is one of the world 's most lethal strikers .  colombian fired spanish club atletico madrid to europa league glory last season .  the 26-year-old , a pro since age 13 , is the son of a former professional footballer .  falcao scored 36 goals last year and has 18 in la liga so far this seaso .
 rousseff proposes referendum for brazil reforms <sec> brazil 's president proposes a referendum on political reforms .  dilma rousseff addresses several of the protesters ' complaints .  she promises more funding for health and education .  she also meets with protest leaders for the first tim .
 wikileaks begins disclosing intelligence firm 's e-mails <sec> wikileaks begins releasing what it says is a cache of documents from stratfor .  the private intelligence company has been targeted by hackers in recent months .  the authenticity of the documents could not be immediately confirme .
 china finds signs of oil at paracel islands <sec> china completed a drilling operation near the paracel islands between may 2 and july 15 .  the area has potential for oil exploration and is contested by china and vietnam .  china recently deported 13 vietnamese who were arrested for fishing in chinese water .
 loughner pleads guilty to 19 counts in tucson , arizona , mass shooting <sec> loughner faces life in prison with no eligibility for parole , prosecutors say .  jared lee loughner pleads guilty to 19 counts ; prosecutors wo n't seek death penalty .  loughner is charged in the january 8 , 2011 , tucson shooting that left six dead .  then-u.s. rep gabrielle giffords was among the 13 others wounde .
 kenyan rangers hunt poachers who killed 11 elephants for ivory <sec> the killing took place in tasvo east national park in southern kenya .  rangers say they are pursuing the poachers with ground and aerial units .  wildlife groups have warned that elephants in africa are being killed at an alarming rat .
 supreme court allows texas abortion clinics to reopen <sec> strict new law caused some texas abortion clinics to close .  ruling 6-3 , the supreme court tells texas not to enforce that law for now .  the action will only have temporary effect , until more appeals can be filed .  texas lawmakers said the regulations would improve patient care and safet .
 new orleans is storming back <sec> james carville : new orleans is experiencing a historic rebirth .  he says the saints victory has given the city a big lift .  election of mitch landrieu and major infrastructure investments are making a difference , he says .  carville : improvements in education one of the brightest parts of new orleans ' rebirt .
 study : tamiflu may do children more harm than good <sec> researchers examined studies into effects of anti-virals on children .  found `` little or no effect '' when used on children suffering influenza .  anti-virals were found to shorten duration of flu-like symptoms .  british department of health said it had `` a safety-first approach .
