 man finds dozens of relatives in census records <sec> poll finds 87 percent of americans have interest in their family roots .  john william harris is one of millions of americans who traced his family tree .  many free and subscription websites allow access to research genealogy in the u.s .
 aid workers in isis bull's-eye : 'if not us , then who ? ' <sec> numerous aid workers remain in syria despite dangers .  with a lack of government , more than 8 million refugees rely on aid agencies for food , shelter and medical care .  many aid agencies have no means of armed defense against attac .
 iraq 's big test could reshape middle east <sec> iraq holds a key parliamentary election march 7 .  fareed zakaria says this is a test of the vibrancy of iraq 's democracy .  he says it will be crucial for iraq to show that rights of minorities will be protected .  iraq could emerge as a more powerful nation and a model for democracy in the arab worl .
 fidel castro says he was 'at death 's door ' <sec> in a rare interview , fidel castro describes his illness four years ago .  he handed over power to younger brother raul castro then as he underwent surgery .  fidel says he was `` at death 's door , '' but he does not offer details about his illnes .
 'meet the browns ' star rises to top <sec> david mann plays mr. brown in `` meet the browns '' .  character known for his mangled speech , off-the-wall actions .  in real life , mann is married to actress who plays his daughter on sho .
 pakistani official denies leak of cia agent 's name <sec> pakistani news outlets name someone they identify as the cia station chief .  the name was inaccurate , a pakistani official says .  the u.s. has no plan to bring the station chief home , a u.s. official say .
 how good is 'interstellar ' ? it 's complicated <sec> critical reaction to christopher nolan 's `` interstellar '' is all over the map .  some think it 's grand , if flawed , while others are more focused on the flaws .  one consensus is that it 's going to be a talked about movie this awards seaso .
 vatican calls synthetic cell creation 'interesting ' <sec> j. craig venter says he and his team created artificial life for the first time .  vatican praises announcement , says it could help cure diseases .  church does not oppose genetic engineering that avoids embryonic stem cells , cloning .  `` we created a new cell . .  it 's alive . .  but we did n't create life from scratch , '' venter say .
 yankees ' rodriguez : rich contract may be adding on to woes <sec> a-rod complains of `` creative ways to cancel your contract '' .  slugger has 10-year deal with yankees for $ 275 million .  rodriguez could return to yankees soon after season-long injury recovery .  report : baseball officials negotiating with him for suspensio .
 swimmer killed in shark attack at new zealand beach <sec> new : `` there was blood everywhere , '' an eyewitness says .  a swimmer in his 40s is attacked about 200 meters offshore , police say .  police fire at the shark to get it away from the body .  the attack took place at muriwai beach , west of aucklan .
 quest 's low cost flying odyssey : how do airlines compare ? <sec> cnn 's richard quest is flying on low cost airlines around europe .  watch quest means business to find out what he thinks .  tweet richard quest to tell him what you want to kno .
 cnn student news transcript : december 16 , 2010 <sec> examine some of the stories making headlines in washington , d.c . .  find out why time magazine named facebook 's founder the person of the year .  investigate the career advice offered in our latest career connection .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 abu dhabi launches english language newspaper <sec> `` the national '' the abu dhabi-based national broadsheet launched wednesday .  martin newland , former daily telegraph editor is the paper 's editor-in-chief .  it is owned by the abu dhabi government and backed by sheikh mohammed .  the emirates already has five daily newspapers catering to english speaker .
 cartel hit possibly behind us agent killing , congressman says <sec> new : the killing may have been a targeted hit , congressman says .  new : some 83 shell casings from ak-47s were found at the scene , he says .  mexican officials condemn the shootings , saying the implications could be grim . .  u.s. law enforcement personnel are not authorized to carry weapons in mexic .
 bangladesh factory roof collapses , at least 4 dead <sec> more than 60 are injured , many critically , official says .  the cement factory was owned by a bangladeshi army welfare organization .  in recent years , bangladesh has had other deadly incidents at factorie .
 nuke plant owner to pay $ 600 million -- for now <sec> new : a japanese report paints a new picture of the state of the reactors .  new : the united states lifts a travel warning , citing improved conditions at the nuclear plant .  tokyo electric must pay 1 million yen to displaced households and 750,000 to individuals .  about 146,000 people have evacuated , are sheltering in place or have been warned to leav .
 former u.s. official : resignation over afghan war is drawing support <sec> matthew hoh says afghan-americans , active-duty military members have shown support .  hoh resigned after saying he did n't believe in the war , which was essentially a civil war .  hoh believes increasing troops is only going to fuel insurgency , not help the problems .  hoh says he believes insurgents are fighting u.s. because we are occupying their lan .
 major employer to rebuild in tornado-ravaged alabama town <sec> the wrangler jeans distribution center will rebuild and may add jobs .  it was destroyed during the april 27 tornado in hackleburg , alabama .  officials had offered incentives to the parent company .  decision called an unbelievable morale boost '' for hacklebur .
 can computer software account for climate change ? <sec> greenhouse gas emissions software designed to track and then reduce ghgs .  microsoft developed online tool for cities ; many more designed for businesses .  worldwide over 3,000 businesses use carbon accounting software ; number to rise .  being able to quantify emissions will lead to more effective action say analyst .
 california weighs making 'revenge porn ' illegal <sec> california debates a law that would make posting what 's known as `` revenge porn '' illegal .  new jersey is the only state with a similar law .  distributing photos taken with permission falls into a gray legal are .
 obama 's budget looks to lift up the middle class - cnnpolitics.com <sec> with 10-year plan , white house bets voters have had enough of budget cuts .  republican lawmakers are already criticizing much of what the white house is proposin .
 morocco approves constitutional reforms <sec> new : referendum is passed by 98.49 % of voters .  the changes would give more power to the prime minister and parliament .  morocco has been swept by protests , inspired by the arab spring .  some protesters say the proposed reforms do not go far enoug .
 the death of zé cláudio and maria <sec> married environmental activists shot to death outside their home in amazon in may .  vice interviewed the husband in 2010 ; he was already receiving death threats .  vice goes to their hometown to look at the town locals call marabála , or 'mara-bullets .
 man held after woman thrown onto subway tracks in philadelphia <sec> new : suspect faces assault , robbery , theft and reckless endangerment charges .  the attack occurred around 3:30 p.m. tuesday in the city 's chinatown .  surveillance video shows woman being punched , dragged and thrown onto tracks .  the victim suffered only minor bruises and scrapes , transportation official say .
 venezuela : as chavez battles cancer , maduro waits in the wings <sec> new : analyst : nicolas maduro was behind radical foreign policy decisions , but also compromises .  hugo chavez says he wants maduro to replace him if his health worsens .  maduro , 50 , is venezuela 's vice president and foreign minister .  he started his career as a bus driver , then later become a union leader and a politicia .
 'do n't ask , do n't tell ' cost tops $ 50,000 per expulsion , study finds <sec> over six years , `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' cost more than $ 193 million , the gao finds .  the figure includes recruiting and training replacements for those tossed out .  the study found 39 % of those removed were in `` critical occupations .
 jason rezaian of washington post charged in iran <sec> officers arrested jason rezaian and his wife in july on unspecified allegations .  it took months to charge him ; charges were made public last week .  the washington post and the state department find the charges `` absurd .
 kenyan victims of colonial torture win right to sue uk <sec> new : nairobi lawyer to file lawsuit on behalf of more colonial-era fighters .  new : britain says it will appeal the ruling .  new : jubilant ex-colonial fighters weep and dance .  britain does not deny that its colonial forces tortured detainee .
 power vacuum fuels vicious drug war <sec> drug war raging in medellin , colombia , has seen almost 2,000 killings this year .  gang leader says violence sparked by power vacuum as old bosses arrested .  his gang sells cocaine and marijuana and he rules through violence .  but he refuses to say which cartel boss is bankrolling his gan .
 jury finds radical cleric abu hamza al-masri guilty in terror trial <sec> sentencing is set for september 9 .  a federal jury considered 11 terrorism-related counts against abu hamza al-masri .  he was accused of conspiring to kidnap americans in yemen , open terror camp in oregon .  on the stand , al-masri criticized bin laden and the taliba .
 discharged soldier will continue fight against 'do n't ask , do n't tell ' <sec> army lt. dan choi was honorably discharged last week for being openly gay .  he says he will continue to fight for those who can not speak up .  president obama is pushing for a repeal of the controversial polic .
 tunnels and tarmac : how to make the `` world 's most expensive road '' <sec> a highway built for the 2014 sochi games has been dubbed the world 's most expensive road .  the road links the coastal winter games site in sochi with the alpine venues .  consultants from italy , spain and switzerland created a 37-km flyover along with 30 kilometers of tunnels .  `` our infrastructure will be in demand [ for a long time ] , '' oleg toni , russian railways vice president told cn .
 'furious energy ' hemingway took from running of bulls <sec> ernest hemingway described the bull-running fiesta in his novel `` the sun also rises '' .  his grandson john hemingway says only in pamplona can a man risk life running in front of six toro bravos .  john hemingway : coming to pamplona made me appreciate ernest more as a man and as an artist .  here you must run until you 're either pushed aside , knocked down , gored or wors .
 lorenzo capitalizes on rossi 's u.s. crash <sec> jorge lorenzo keeps motogp title race alive with victory at indianapolis .  world champion valentino rossi 's lead halved to 25 points with five races left .  italian fails to finish for first time since 2007 after crashing on the ninth lap .  his teammate lorenzo wins by more than nine seconds from alex de angeli .
 surveillance : police favor location tracking ( opinion ) <sec> catherine crump : u.s. police getting surveillance equipment and anti-terror weapons .  crump : government amasses data by location tracking , especially of cars .  crump : it 's as if a cop with perfect memory was following you wherever you go .  she says the public should know about monitoring and it should be justifie .
 seattle police : suspect in slaying of officer is 'lone domestic terrorist ' <sec> suspect identified as christopher monfort , who was wounded by officers friday .  the 41-year-old suspect remained hospitalized in serious condition on saturday .  monfort is suspected in the october 31 slaying of officer tim brenton .  police also suspect monfort in earlier bombings of of four police vehicle .
 wimbledon champion andy murray wakes britain from 77-year slumber <sec> andy murray describes last year 's wimbledon defeat as `` worst of his career '' .  murray beat world no . .  1 novak djokovic on sunday to win 2013 men 's tournament .  the world no . .  2 becomes the first british male to win singles title in 77 years .  murray defends his u.s. open title when the tournament begins next mont .
 rare apple 1 computer expected to fetch $ 400,000 at auction <sec> rare apple 1 computer could sell at auction for $ 400,000 .  only 50 apple 1 computers are thought to exist today .  auction in cologne , germany will also feature early telephones , typewriters , calculator .
 police : florida woman fatally shoots daughter holding baby <sec> witnesses : adele bing cradled her bleeding daughter and cried , `` baby girl , do n't die '' .  the woman says she mistook her daughter for the boyfriend she had fought .  bing 's daughter was holding an infant when she was fatally shot in the chest .  bing is charged with 2nd degree murder and child abus .
 georgia woman with flesh-eating bacteria gets skin graft <sec> a second skin-graft procedure is scheduled for friday .  the graft is performed on an open wound on aimee copeland 's abdomen .  copeland , 24 , was upgraded this week from critical to serious conditio .
 gyan : al ain move not about the money <sec> ghanaian striker asamoah gyan talks to cnn 's pedro pinto about his move to al ain .  gyan shocked the football world by leaving the epl for the middle east .  he insists the move is n't about the money .  claims he and sunderland coach steve bruce are on good term .
 stephanie 'wonder goal ' roche nets deal with u.s. women 's side houston dash <sec> stephanie roche is off to america to play for houston dash in the u.s. woman 's national football league .  the irish international striker scored a stunning goal which was nominated for the fifa puskas award .  roche 's goal came second to james rodriguez ' strike for colombia against uruguay at the world cup last year .  the 25-year-old 's move to the u.s. follows a brief stint with french club asptt alb .
 mark kessler gets termination notice after firing weapons on video <sec> mark kessler blasted gun control supporters while firing weapons on youtube .  gilberton , pennsylvania , town council voted 6-1 to terminate kessler , pending appeal .  kessler 's attorney says he will request public hearing .  earlier council meeting drew thousands of his supporters to gilberton , population 75 .
 opinion : in ohio , signs of soldiers ' sacrifice <sec> bob greene : in ohio , highway signs memorialize soldiers felled in recent wars .  he says the ohio general assembly authorizes the signs ; about 70 erected so far .  he says the signs for soldier 's named are on highways near their hometowns .  greene : corporations pay millions to be named on signs ; these soldiers paid dearer pric .
 andy cohen-produced 'i slept with a celebrity ' in development <sec> show would feature guests dishing about sex with celebs .  cohen hosts `` watch what happens live ! '' .  on bravo .  the project is in its early stage .
 bayern munich move 10 points clear as bundesliga resumes <sec> reigning german and european champions coast to 2-0 win at monchengladbach .  bundesliga returning to action after a winter break .  second place leverkusen travel to freiburg on saturda .
 next for nintendo 's creative leader : 'something really new ' <sec> shigeru miyamoto created the donkey kong , mario and zelda characters and games .  nintendo 's creative leader is looking to explore completely new ideas .  the company 's three biggest game releases in the last month were all sequel .
 best city hotel rooms with a view <sec> the historic thames view from london 's savoy was painted by monet .  all rooms at the oberoi amarvilas enjoy views of the taj mahal .  the fairmont san francisco offers fabulous vistas from its perch on nob hil .
 gray wolf : still endangered ? <sec> gray wolves officially no longer considered endangered .  environmentalists fear hundreds of wolves could soon be killed by ranchers .  rancher tells cnn the animals threaten his way of life .  federal wildlife official : `` the wolf population is fully recovered .
 think microchip : new york lawmakers ban piercings , most tattoos on pets <sec> new york state senate passes bill banning piercing and tattooing of pets .  bill was introduced after woman tried to sell pierced `` gothic kittens '' on ebay for $ 100 each .  legislators acted after brooklyn man had his dog tattooed during surger .
 southern deluge may help fall allergy sufferers <sec> get with your doctor and have an allergy management plan , says expert .  limit outdoor activities ; pollen is usually highest between 5 a.m. and 10 a.m . .  nasal sprays are `` like washing your hands , except for your nose , '' says doctor .  flooded states , like georgia , may have less pollen after recent rain .
 survey : more than half ca n't find heart on body diagram <sec> more than half in british survey could n't identify heart 's location .  u.s. results could be similar or worse , some experts speculate .  health literacy contributes to better care received , better patient outcome .
 study : veterans more likely to be homeless <sec> new : group calls for steps to keep iraq , afghanistan vets from becoming homeless .  veterans need proper housing and supportive services , organization chief says .  california , louisiana , missouri , washington , d.c. , have most homeless veterans .  half a million vets are at high risk for homelessness , report find .
 final step in jury selection under way for conrad murray trial <sec> new : 84 potential jurors , including six african-americans , remain in the jury pool .  jury selection `` is going to go very fast , '' defense lawyer michael flanagan says .  jury selection is expected to be wrapped up friday .  opening statements in the trial of michael jackson 's lawyer are set for tuesda .
 super bowl beer : seattle vs. new england <sec> seattle and new england are craft beer powerhouses .  the seattle seahawks play the new england patriots in super bowl xli .
 russia train crash : officials probe terror theory <sec> russian officials say terrorist explosion is most likely cause of derailment of express train .  at least 26 people killed and 100 hurt in derailment between moscow and st. petersburg .  state tv quotes survivors who said they heard blast moments before the train deraile .
 hillary clinton lurks in corners of republican meeting <sec> an rnc committe referred to hillary clinton as `` she who should not be named '' .  rnc member : `` it is a party of one giant and a bunch of elves '' who might challenge her .  in a recent poll , 65 % of democrats said clinton would be their choice for 2016 .  s.c. gop chair : `` we are doing everything we can do to define her early .
 russian supermodel 's playful ambition <sec> russian supermodel natalia vodianova runs the `` naked heart foundation '' .  her dream is for the foundation to build 500 play parks across russia .  the `` love ball '' was a celebrity-filled fundraising event held in mosco .
 by the numbers : presidential cabinets <sec> 4 - secretaries in president george washington 's cabinet : state , treasury , war , and attorney general .  4 - women in obama 's first-term cabinet .  2 - number of latinos in president obama 's first-term cabinet .  5 - secretaries of the treasury appointed by president andrew jackso .
 has saudi bought world 's silence on rights abuses ? <sec> saudi arabia condemned the attack on the charlie hebo offices in paris as a `` cowardly terrorist act '' .  but ali a. rizvi writes that days later the kingdom flogged blogger raif badawi for crimes including `` founding a liberal website '' .  rizvi says the world turns a blind eye to this `` hypocrisy '' from a country where he says change needs to come from withi .
 5 voices : what 's next for the 'arab spring ' ? <sec> experts weigh in on the arab unrest and describe what they think will happen next .  several are optimistic about the possibility of more regime change .  the exception might be syria , where the odds seem to be stacked against protesters .  even if more change is slow to come , `` the tide of history has turned , '' one expert say .
 israeli soldier stabbed at bus stop <sec> the victim , a member of the israel defense forces , is in serious condition , police say .  police call the stabbing a terrorist attack by a palestinian .  palestinian party fatah cancels memorial for former palestinian leader yasser arafat .  fatah blames rival hamas , saying it 's been bombing fatah leaders ' home .
 is india big enough for man and man-eater ? <sec> there are more tigers in cages in texas than in the wild in india , a conservation group says .  tiger-human conflict is a major problem affecting the big cat .
 as court delivers bali bomber verdict , a survivor recalls the horror <sec> peter hughes was badly injured and was in a coma for nearly three weeks .  he was one of many australians on holiday in bali at the time of the bombings .  10 years on , hughes life is forever changed .  he is disappointed that accused bombmaker umar patek was not sentenced to deat .
