 u.s. troop strength in iraq put at 52,000 <sec> military had estimated troop strength at 56,000 on wednesday .  obama has promised to draw down to 50,000 by september 1 .  more than 90,000 u.s. troops have left iraq in the past 18 months .  all troops are to be out by the end of 201 .
 9 more rescued after indonesia ferry disaster <sec> new : total number of survivors raised to 30 ; over 230 people are still missing .  severe weather hampered rescue efforts late sunday , local officials say .  vessel overturned off majena , west sulawesi , after pummeled by waves .  teratai prima ferry left pare pare in south sulawesi on saturday evenin .
 comedian tommy chong fighting prostate cancer <sec> tommy chong says he has `` slow stage one '' prostate cancer .  he says his cancer makes his fight to decriminalize marijuana more personal .  chong says he 's ingesting hemp oil `` as a medicine '' to treat his cancer .  he is one half of the `` cheech and chong '' comedy du .
 top 20 most polluted cities in the world <sec> delhi is most polluted city in the world in pm2.5 concentrations .  half of the top 20 most polluted cities were in india , according to data .  pm2.5 is considered most harmful to healt .
 the forgotten african battlefields of ww1 <sec> as world commemorates the ww1 centenary , the african story remains a footnote .  ww1 resulted in huge losses of african lives , had consequences for continent 's future .  two million african soldiers , workers and porters were directly involved in world war .
 high river water , strained canal lock threaten louisiana homes <sec> new : secretary napolitano visits the gulf coast ; president obama is coming monday .  a mandatory evacuation is lifted around a strained louisiana canal .  the rain-swollen pearl river threatens to flood louisiana homes .  hurricane isaac dumped heavy rains on the area last wee .
 gop 's obstructionism is suicide strategy <sec> michael wolraich : gop `` negotiations '' on cliff , debt are like a suicide bomber 's .  he says threat to shut down government , hurt economy pioneered by gingrich .  he says strategy back again ; democrats cave in the face of it . .  obama may be wising up .  wolraich : for threat to work , suicide bombers must blow themselves up . .  gop bewar .
 stem cell ruling huge blow to u.s. science <sec> federal judge halted federal funding for research using embryonic stem cells .  leonard i. zon : adult stem cells not perfected , work in combo with embryonic cells .  zon warns u.s. risks being overtaken by many countries in biomedical research .  ideology , confusion behind ruling , he writes , 80 percent of americans support researc .
 twitter 's bird logo gets a makeover <sec> twitter on wednesday updated its little blue bird logo .  the change prompted a flurry of jokes ... on twitter , of cours .
 obama focuses foreign policy on iran and middle east peace talks <sec> new : rouhani says iran is ready for `` time-bound and result-oriented '' talks .  president obama reframes the immediate u.s. foreign policy priorities .  obama challenges the united nations to enforce its regulations on chemical arms .  he calls for a strong u.n. security council resolution on syri .
 pacquiao wants one more fight and mayweather fits bill <sec> manny pacquiao hints at final professional bout against floyd mayweather jr . .  pacquiao was speaking after winning a seat in the filipino national parliament .  bout against mayweather would amass huge sums in box office revenu .
 just the judge sells for 4.5 million guineas in british auction record <sec> sheikh fahad al thani buys just the judge for 4.5 million guineas .  the purchase is a british auction record for a filly in training .  sheikh fahad enters into a new co-ownership with the china horse clu .
 $ 3.2 million superman comic looks 'amazing ' online <sec> the pristine $ 3.2 million action comics issue is available online .  the issue featured the superman origin story .  online appearance wo n't hurt ; collectors keep physical copies saf .
 for king , the right to vote was sacred <sec> donna brazile : martin luther king jr. knew it was immoral to be silent in the face of injustice .  she says he believed that the right to vote was fundamental to equality in a democracy .  legislation in the 1960s finally secured voting rights for african americans , brazile says .  she says many americans may see their voting rights threatened by photo id law .
 back to iraq : what can -- and should -- the u.s. do now ? <sec> the u.s. has a long history in iraq , including the 1991 gulf war and 2003 invasion .  as iraq battles radical islamist militants , u.s. officials have promised more help .  air strikes and additional weaponry and aid are among the options being mulled .  but ground troops have been ruled out , according to a white house spokesma .
 bloomberg taps fortune to back maryland 's gay marriage vote <sec> maryland residents are scheduled to cast their ballot november 6 .  they will vote either to uphold or strike down a bill legalizing same-sex marriage .  bloomberg made the donation earlier this mont .
 guinea-bissau suspended from african union <sec> new : the african union suspends guinea-bissau .  new : history will show we were right , the junta says .  junta : the acting president and former prime minister are `` detained for security reasons '' .  guinea-bissau has had several coups since it gained independence in 197 .
 is china america 's new enemy ? <sec> president barack obama unveiled u.s. military strategy which will focus more on asia .  amitai etzioni says many voices in u.s. policy assume we should see china as potential enemy .  china has made provocative moves , but its forces are dwarfed by the u.s. military .  etzioni : rather than prepare for war , u.s. should reach out to improve relations with chin .
 opinion : going beyond the headlines on the nsa <sec> michael hayden : it 's good for u.s. to discuss balance between liberty and security .  former nsa director says much has been misunderstood in recent debate on agency .  he says americans are only surveilled when in contact with foreign agents .  hayden : violations of rules were discovered by nsa , represent tiny fraction of communication .
 oklahomans : cricket swarms really stink <sec> huge swarms of crickets have been springing up in oklahoma , and on social media .  storm chaser chris mcbee became a swarm chaser after sending video to cnn ireport .  late-summer rainfall after long periods of dry weather may be to blame .  carcasses of dead crickets leave rotting smell for passersb .
 oman in 'honest broker ' role again as u.s. seeks freedom of iran hikers <sec> sultanate has `` cordial '' relations with u.s. , iran .  omani sources helped win the release of sarah shourd last year .  omanis want to avoid `` heated atmospherics , '' official says .  sultan said to be at home in both traditional arab , modern western societ .
 passengers evacuated after 'boom , ' smoke after plane lands in atlanta <sec> delta flight 2284 arrives in atlanta from pittsburgh when a witness reports a `` big boom '' .  a delta official says the brakes overheated , while an faa official says a tire blew .  none of the 44 passengers and 5 crew members are hurt and all are evacuate .
 former baseball star makes plea deal in auto thefts <sec> former baseball star pleads no contest to several charges .  he faces up to four years in prison at january sentencing .  complaint says dykstra , two friends fraudulently drove off with luxury cars from dealershi .
 america 's most controversial coach <sec> new york jets coach rex ryan makes headlines with brash statements .  politi : ryan `` has brazenly talked about winning a super bowl from the moment he took the job '' .  ryan has already won more playoff games than any other jets coac .
 india , pakistan vow 'new era ' of ties <sec> indian and pakistani foreign ministers meet .  no breakthroughs are announced but there is a commitment to pursue dialogue .  both sides express optimism that dialogue will lead to progres .
 opinion : washington , not exactly a 'house of cards ' ? <sec> julian zelizer : netflix show depicts washington in which power is used ruthlessly .  he says the show is compelling but paints too dark a portrait of the nation 's capital .  political leaders used power to end threats and attain social justice , he says .  zelizer : enjoy show , but do n't take it as statement about limits of american politic .
 former spy says arrests are reminder of 'worst years of the cold war ' <sec> oleg kalugin headed kgb operations in the united states in the 1970s .  he later left russia to live in america , .  kalugin says he is `` amazed '' at moscow 's alleged heavy espionage in u.s . .  kalugin : u.s. `` used to be enemy no . .  1 for the kgb ... now it is priority no . .  1 .
 state news : u.s. , french embassies in egypt targeted <sec> citing prosecutors , state news says those arrested targeted u.s. , french embassies .  they planned to detonate car bombs there and in the sinai , the report says .  neither u.s. nor egyptian officials comment on the reports .  a prosecutor orders one detainee to stay in jail 15 more days , says a repor .
 humans blamed for sharp drop in wildlife <sec> the world 's wildlife has declined by 27 percent since 1970 because of humans .  wwf : terrestrial , freshwater , marine species all under threat .  pollution and overall climate change are other factors causing loss of wildlif .
 couple faces 29 felony counts , life in jail in kidnapping <sec> new : sex offender , wife plead not guilty at arraignment .  authorities have search warrant for garrido home relating to 1990 killings .  victim reportedly kept in isolation in backyard with children fathered by captor .  police : phillip garrido admitted abducting victim when she was 1 .
 eco-friendly electric cars in african green revolution <sec> african students and car enthusiasts are creating eco-friendly cars .  nigerian students will compete in an `` eco-marathon '' in ma .
 ex-nba star jayson williams makes plea deal , prosecutors say <sec> williams pleads guilty to aggravated assault in shooting death of his chauffeur .  former nba star must serve 18 months without parole under plea deal .  sentencing set for february 23 .  prosecutors want five-year sentence on other charges of trying to cover up shootin .
 iphone snobbery greets instagram 's android app <sec> instagram launches on android , prompting snide comments from some iphone owners .  twitter lit up with `` there goes the neighborhood '' -style tweets .  instagram is an app that lets users enhance their photos with various filters .  it had been available only for apple devices for about 18 month .
 man suspected of hacking u.s. military arrested <sec> the 23-year-old man was one of dozens arrested in similar operations around britain .  after the hack , he allegedly wrote online , `` we 're in your bases , we control your satellites '' .  no sensitive or confidential data was compromised in the hack , a british agency say .
 former afghan king mohammad zahir shah dies <sec> former afghan king mohammad zahir shah died on monday , aged 92 .  palace official said zahir shah had been sick for a month and died in bed .  zahir shah ruled afghanistan from 1933 until deposed by his cousin in 1973 .  in 1973 zahir shah was ousted in a bloodless coup by his cousin , prince daou .
 where in the world ? <sec> see more ireport galleries : glorious ireland , beautiful beaches .  follow us on twitter @ cnnireport and @ cnntrave .
 michael keaton hosts 'saturday night live ' <sec> michael keaton hosted `` saturday night live '' for the first time in 1982 .  in 2015 , his nods to starring roles in `` beetlejuice '' and `` batman '' are brie .
 strong earthquake jolts greece <sec> new : two people killed ; several people trapped beneath collapsed buildings .  strong earthquake measuring 6.1 hit southern greece .  epicenter was about 20 miles southwest of port city of patras .  athens -- about 80 miles east of the epicenter -- felt the ground shak .
 lawyer seeks sanity test for hannah graham suspect <sec> new : request for evaluation comes in separate sex assault case from 2005 .  jesse matthew was last person seen with university of virginia student hannah graham .  authorities : dna evidence links him to 2005 sex assaul .
 'breaking bad : ' from mr. chips to scarface in 10 easy steps <sec> the hit amc series `` breaking bad '' returns to tv on july 15 .  show pictched as `` story about a man who transforms himself from mr. chips into scarface '' .  the return will mark the final season for the serie .
 'wheel of fortune ' contestant solves puzzle with just 1 letter <sec> the remarkable win surprises even the game-show host , pat sajak .  contestant caitlin burke wins a caribbean vacation .  she solves the puzzle : `` i 've got a good feeling about this .
 gingrich should bow out , back santorum <sec> stephen krason : newt gingrich has had a lackluster performance in the gop race .  krason : gingrich should step out of the race and endorse rick santorum .  he says mitt romney ca n't seem to broaden his support among republicans .  krason : santorum is the only candidate who can take gop nomination from romne .
 did demand media ipo come just ahead of content-farm crackdown ? <sec> demand media was recently valued at $ 1.5 billion at its initial public offering .  but a search-engine crackdown could spell trouble for content farms like demand .  google 's matt cutts says the search giant plans to crack down on low-quality content .  blekko , a startup search engine , already bans results from demand medi .
 cnn : no obamacare subsidy for some low-income americans - cnnpolitics.com <sec> sebelius said in april : `` anyone under 400 % of poverty will qualify for a tax subsidy '' .  cnn crunches the numbers , finds many low-income younger americans will get no subsidy .  officials now say that 's because the cost of insurance is lower than initially expected .  competition put premiums `` so low that the premium is below the ceiling , '' says hhs spokeswoma .
 opinion : one month in , pope francis is on the right track <sec> michael d'antonio : pope francis ' first month has shown a remarkable common touch .  he says the pope connects with people on a human level .  even those leading cause of church abuse victims like what they see , he says .  d'antonio : pope has great opportunity to end the sex abuse crisi .
 powerful quake hits near greek island <sec> a 6.7-magnitude earthquake hits near the greek island of crete .  6.7 quake can cause major damage , especially in areas of poor construction .  no immediate word on casualties or damag .
 cnn student news transcript : january 13 , 2011 <sec> a winter storm slams the northeastern united states .  the u.s. house of representatives condemns the arizona shooting .  massive floods leave vast areas of australia underwater .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 indonesia has a history of bombings <sec> in 2002 , a bombing at two night clubs on the island of bali killed 202 people .  bombing blamed on jemaah islamiyah , a terror group with ties to al qaeda .  in 2003 , the same jw marriott hotel attacked friday was bombed , killing 12 .  presidential spokesman says indonesia has made strides in addressing terroris .
 poll : iranians want democracy , nuclear inspections <sec> poll shows 80 percent of iranians are in favor of full nuclear inspections .  the economy is the no . .  1 concern for most iranians , according to poll .  79 percent support system in which leaders elected through free , direct elections .  terror free tomorrow , a u.s.-based group , conducted interviews last mont .
 will rolling stone 's dzhokhar tsarnaev cover hurt sales ? <sec> retailers boycotting the issue might not have a big impact on sales .  rolling stone 's circulation is 95 % subscription .  controversy sometimes increases magazine sales .  the magazine 's ad page figures dropped in 2012 , but have risen in 201 .
 congress prepares to defend districts from defense cuts <sec> military communities , defense businesses will feel impact of proposed pentagon cuts .  lawmakers will fight to keep cuts from hitting their home states and districts .  defense policy experts say the cuts , while practical , face an uphill battle in congress .  the fight to preserve certain programs and weapons will get persona .
 'night film ' author marisha pessl answers 5 questions <sec> `` night film '' is the latest thriller from best-selling author marisha pessl .  pessl 's novel centers around a reclusive horror director and the reporter out to expose him .  pessl wrote and directed several short online films offering clues to the book 's plot .  `` night film '' is drawing comparisons to last summer 's best-seller `` gone girl .
 climate scientists and smear campaigns <sec> climate scientist michael mann says he was target of nasty campaign to discredit his work .  mann : attack against scientists was funded by fossil fuel industry , anti-science ideologists .  all accusations proven false , he says , but it galvanized scientists to counter misinformation .  mann : poisonous politics must not hijack the conversation about climate chang .
 6 mobile apps for tracking hurricanes <sec> isaac appears to weaken , but hurricane tracking still important .  apps for tablets and smartphones let coastal residents keep tabs .  both android and apples ios have multiple options .  the red cross hurricane app is free and lets you track local condition .
 is azumah nelson africa 's greatest boxer ? <sec> azumah nelson is a ghanaian boxing legend , known as `` the professor '' .  he was inducted in the international boxing hall of fame in 2004 .  today he is working to create the next generation of ghanaian boxer .
 opinion : anxious america hustles through 2013 <sec> carrie rickey : themes that 2013 movies tackled include survival , economic anxiety .  rickey : many character-driven films featured hustlers who tried to take advantage of others .  she says a number of films explored the idea : forget about living , survival is enough .  rickey : of course , we have the usual end-of-the-world and large-scale attack movie .
 iraq , turkey sign border security pact <sec> new : turkish prime minister says pkk militants enemy of turkey , iraq .  leaders sign declaration for `` high-level strategic cooperation council '' .  declaration focuses on military and border security issues , economics and energy .  iraq and turkey have had awkward relationship due to issue of border securit .
 dad in 'balloon boy ' case turns himself in <sec> new : richard heene surrenders to face charges in in 'balloon boy ' hoax .  richard and mayumi heene to plead guilty friday , lawyers say .  jail time possible , but prosecutor recommends probation .  threat of deportation for mother played role in plea deal , attorney say .
 study : changes to ocean expected to damage shellfish around world <sec> woods hole research says poor nations would suffer first .  but damage would ripple worldwide , study says .  first effects could be seen in 10 to 50 years , scientist says .  acidification comes from carbon dioxid .
 drone strikes kill militants in yemen , americans urged to leave <sec> new : uk withdraws staff from british embassy in yemen , follows u.s. lead .  sources : members of al qaeda in the arabian peninsula are planning an attack .  the united states has heightened its security stance across the mideast and africa .  al qaeda leader ayman al-zawahiri tells operatives in yemen to `` do something .
 youtube confirms landmark cricket deal <sec> google india has brokered a groundbreaking two-year deal with global cricket ventures .  global cricket ventures are the licensing partner to the 2010 indian premier league .  the deal gives google india exclusive rights to stream live cricket matches from the ipl on youtub .
 'wizard of new zealand ' leaving christchurch after quake <sec> `` my platform is gone . .  without cathedral square i ca n't function , '' he says .  ian brackenbury channell had been preaching at cathedral square since 1974 .  channell was about to leave home for the square when the earthquake struck .  `` it felt like being in a cocktail machine , '' he say .
 female suicide bombers target pilgrims , rally <sec> new : kirkuk authorities ban car , foot traffic till tuesday morning .  new : iraq security forces find , destroy bomb in parked car after kirkuk attack .  triple suicide attack in baghdad claims more shiite pilgrims , officials say .  kirkuk bomber detonates device at rally before gunmen open fire on crow .
 mccain may face bumpy shift from white house run <sec> john mccain likely to seek an active role in senate , former aides say .  mccain could position himself as a powerful ally of the obama administration .  republicans face slimmest minority in senate in nearly three decades .  it 's unclear just how much political capital mccain has left in washingto .
