 'pink panther ' escapes in armed swiss prison break with fellow inmate <sec> swiss police are hunting two escaped prisoners and their two accomplices .  police : one of the inmates belongs to the pink panthers , an international jewel theft gang .  the two accomplices used vehicles , ladders and automatic weapons to overcome security .  the four men escaped in a gray-colored vehicle , police sai .
 are missing irish children buried in 'graves ' ? <sec> the irish government will look into conditions inside ireland 's mother-and-baby homes .  a historian claims tuam registry office revealed death records of 796 children at one home .  catherine corless says she asked for burial records but was told none existed .  but corless now believes she knows where the children may be burie .
 premier league stricken with debt ? <sec> refinancing has left manchester united and liverpool short of transfer funds .  an new era of premier league prudence reigns according to finance experts .  real madrid have spent $ 300 million on ronaldo , kaka and benezma .  spanish clubs present serious challenge to english domination in europ .
 death penalty possible for parents charged in child 's death <sec> prosecutor files notice with the court that death penalty may be sought .  carmen and jorge barahona plead not guity monday to murder and other charges .  they 're charged with first-degree murder in death of their 10-year-old adopted daughter .  case led to a review of florida 's department of children and familie .
 reports : egypt 's draft constitution goes to interim president <sec> the 50-member committee working on the new constitution approves 247 articles .  it now has to be approved by interim president adly mansour .  the new constitution will replace the one suspended in 201 .
 49th officer killed in less than a year in juarez <sec> a police captain in ciudad juarez is fatally shot while driving to work .  an average of five officers has been killed monthly since october 2010 , police say .  juarez considered flash point in mexico 's nearly five-year war on organized crim .
 group buying : a billion-dollar web trend ? <sec> a new breed of `` group buying '' web sites offers discounts by gathering mass purchases .  the market leader , groupon , traces its origins back to 2008 .  the site offers one deal per day in the cities it covers .  the more users a site gains , the more leverage it has to score discount .
 commentary : paul harvey , behind the voice <sec> bob greene : i was privileged to watch paul harvey prepare and deliver the news .  he says harvey wrote his own scripts and was a master of spare language .  greene : harvey was a craftsman who words were flawlessly delivere .
 pirates seize another ship off somalia , eu force says <sec> pirates hijack ship off somali coast .  27 thai crew members are being held .  such attacks are frequent hazard for sailor .
 columbine survivor : no child should worry about gunmen <sec> former columbine student katie lyles bears hidden scars from the day of the massacre .  lyles , who is a teacher , says columbine students lost their innocence that day .  it was a shock when her student asked if lockdown drills were for when a gunman came .  lyles : our kids deserve more mental health resources , enhanced security without gun .
 muslim brotherhood protesters , egyptian police clash ; five killed <sec> muslim brotherhood focusing ire on egypt 's january referendum on new constitution .  the new constitution would ban religious parties and put more power in the military 's hands .  members of the islamist group have protested often since mohamed morsy 's ouster in july .  the brotherhood wants morsy back in powe .
 mysterious ice pancakes appear on scottish river <sec> ice pancakes found by biologist near the river dee in eastern scotland .  the trust believes the phenomenon is caused by foam freezing in river eddies .  ice pancakes are said to be more common in he antarctic or balti .
 support and hot wheels after fire <sec> box full of hot wheels sent to boy with autism who lost everything .  familiar toys are important for children with autism .  it was `` like christmas '' to receive donations , mother say .
 doctors : electrical implants a big step in paralysis treatment <sec> paralyzed patient , 25 , said he is able to stand by himself , walk with assistance .  rob summers received continual epidermal stimulation to the lower spinal cord .  researcher : new treatment allows `` the spinal cord to control the muscles on its own '' .  though not a cure , `` it 's something to build on , '' dr. v. reggie edgerton say .
 trapped miners celebrate independence <sec> miners put a brave face on a disaster in its 44th day .  independence day marked by music , dance and empanadas .  `` for me , there 's nothing to celebrate .
 tony blair starts $ 1m bank job <sec> former british prime minister tony blair to take up job at jp morgan .  one consultant told ft blair would likely be paid up to $ 1 million a year .  he will advise the bank on global political and strategic issue .
 army general defends rules for detainees <sec> four iraqi detainees were killed by three decorated army sergeants at a baghdad canal .  frustration over detainee policy may have led to 2007 slayings , cnn investigation found .  nearly 77,000 detainees have been released out of the 87,000 captured in the iraq war .  watch saturday , sunday at 8 and 11 p.m . .  et ; read blog posts : abbie boudreau ; scott zamos .
 after 7 years in exile , aristide returns to haiti <sec> aristide 's chartered jet lands in port-au-prince shortly after 10 a.m . .  his supporters line the road to his former home .  u.s. officials have said former president could disrupt sunday 's election .  aristide says the haitian people will be happy to see hi .
 vettel leads home webber in malaysia <sec> sebastian vettel beats red bull teammate mark webber to win malaysian gp .  vettel had started on pole position for the first two f1 races of the season .  felipe massa finishes seventh but overtakes fernando alonso to lead overal .
 cnn student news transcript : april 28 , 2010 <sec> learn about the controversy surrounding a well-known wall street firm .  hear arguments for and against a new rule involving airline delays .  discover how one high school holds athletes to academic standards .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 senegal disqualified from 2013 africa cup of nations <sec> senegal disqualified from 2013 africa cup of nations after rioting caused abandonment of match on saturday .  opponents ivory coast confirmed as winners of the match and as qualifiers for january 's finals in south africa .  african football 's ruling body caf does not rule out possibility of further sanction .
 more than 1 million in somalia going hungry , aid agency says <sec> recent attacks make it near impossible for aid agencies to deliver food in southern somalia .  the united nations say more than 1 million people going hungry .  the world food program says it is under threat from islamist militant .
 sofia vergara to guest on 'family guy , ' 'cleveland show ' <sec> sofia vergara will take on a guest-starring role on `` the family guy '' .  she will also voice a character on `` the cleveland show '' .  both shows will kick off premieres in september and octobe .
 the new lewis hamilton : faster , stronger and more zen ? <sec> lewis hamilton added a second world title to his 2008 crown with victory for mercedes in 2014 .  `` hamilton is more mature , '' says the british racer 's biographer mark hughes .  teammate and title rival nico rosberg has raised credibility with his 2014 performance .  hamilton can match juan manuel fangio 's two world titles for mercedes in 2015 , says former racer john watso .
 pakistan arrests 5 men reported missing in united states <sec> new : one source identified the missing howard student as ramy zamzam .  one of 5 left video mentioning `` the ongoing conflict in the world , '' viewer says .  five are from virginia and their families had contacted the fbi soon after they went missing .  state department does not have confirmation that individuals are american .
 u.s. puts bounties on 7 key members of somali terror group <sec> the united states is offering $ 7 million for the whereabouts of al-shabaab 's founder .  the state department calls the terror group `` a threat to stability '' .  rewards are also offered for six of his associate .
 man grabs french president before being tackled by security <sec> new : the suspect is a 32-year-old local man , french police say .  he has been questioned and is being held in police custody , police say .  president nicolas sarkozy was grabbed by his shoulder as he met members of the public .  tv footage showed security officers wrestling a man to the groun .
 designer takes african colors to america 's deep south <sec> kenyan-born designer zia sachedina creates jewelry inspired by his heritage .  he was born to an east african asian father and a japanese american mother .  sachedina has a flagship boutique in savannah , georgia .  his work has been featured in vogue and glamour magazines , and tv show gossip gir .
 amazon to lose money on each tablet sale , analysts say <sec> analysts say amazon.com 's kindle fire will cost more to build than $ 199 .  selling the tablet for $ 199 is very aggressive compared to the $ 499 ipad .  amazon is apparently hoping to make up the losses on media sale .
 police investigate epl racism claim <sec> police to investigate incident of alleged racist abuse of a fan by premier league player .  serbia international aleksandar kolarov reportedly clashed with fan waving albanian flag .  his manchester city team beat newcastle 3-1 to stay second in the epl table .  manchester united retained six-point lead after beating sunderland by the same scor .
 bulls take down bullfighters but still lose in spain <sec> two bulls put three bullfighters out of commission .  the annual festival is spain 's largest .  31 bullfights make up the event , from may 9 to june .
 at least 1 dead in national guard chopper crash in puerto rico <sec> the crash occurred late monday , u.s. coast guard says .  the wreckage was found in the water near san juan , puerto ric .
 fbi investigating man 's death in mexico 's ciudad juarez <sec> new : national guard confirms the victim was one of theirs .  the 21-year-old man was killed in the border city of ciudad juarez .  service members are asked to stay away from the border cit .
 teen beaten at party died from lacerated heart , coroner says <sec> bobby maurice tillman , 18 , was beaten to death outside a party .  a broken rib bone likely punctured his heart , the coroner says .  four teens face felony murder charge .
 dick clark knew his business <sec> dick clark was a businessman first , entertainment talent second .  others , including don cornelius and ryan seacrest , modeled careers on clark 's .  he was often criticized for mainstream appeal , but he did n't always play it safe .  clark produced more than 7,000 hours of tv programmin .
 opinion : elephant killings surge as tusks fund terror <sec> number of elephants killed for tusks is rising as demand for ivory soars , especially in asia .  mark quarterman : africa 's militant groups kill elephants for tusks to fund their atrocities .  quarterman : future grim as the pace of killing outstrips ability to replace deaths with births .  human rights and conservation groups , he says , should combine efforts to stop sufferin .
 capture summer memories with these photo apps <sec> there are scads of photo-taking and sharing apps that deserve some play this summer .  from color and instagram to path and blurb mobile , here 's a look at some of the bes .
 indian court to hear charges against gang-rape suspects <sec> new : the accused men are expected to be formally charged in a new delhi court thursday .  the victim 's father says he supports naming a tougher anti-rape law after her .  bar association leaders in the district where it happened urge lawyers not to take the cas .
 rutgers spying verdict wo n't end bullying <sec> dharun ravi is found guilty of spying on and intimidating his gay roommate tyler clementi .  paul butler : ravi was immature , but sending him to prison wo n't stop bullying or fight homophobia .  millions of people are bullied or suffer invasions of privacy , but few kill themselves .  butler : every kid who does a stupid thing is not a criminal , every bad act is not a crim .
 japan to shut down nuclear reactor at ohi plant <sec> an emergency alarm is triggered when pressure drops in a cooling tank .  there is no danger of a radiation leak , power company kansai electric says .  the reactor 's closure leaves only 18 of japan 's 54 nuclear plants in operatio .
 sudan protesters : execute teacher <sec> some demonstrators demand execution of gillian gibbons , 54 .  gibbons found guilty of insulting religion , sentenced to 15 days in jail .  teacher arrested after her class named teddy bear `` mohammed .
 woman 's water tank death ruled accidental <sec> elisa lam was last seen january 31 .  her parents called to report her missing february 6 .  the covered water tank was one of four on top of the roof and was behind a locked door .  guests said black water could come out of tap for a few seconds , then run clea .
 japan utility ups estimate of radiation released in fukushima disaster <sec> more radioactive material than thought was released in days after disaster , tepco says .  tepco estimates about 900,000 terabecquerels of radioactive materials were released .  a who report on people 's exposure to radiation following the disaster gives a mixed picture .  some infants were exposed to high radiation doses but levels were low in most of japa .
 players pray for muamba 's recovery <sec> football community sends messages of support for fabrice muamba .  bolton midfielder collapsed during match and was taken to hospital .  he came to england at the age of 11 from democratic republic of congo .  his family had to flee due to ties with former regime of president mobut .
 britain 's prince philip hospitalized with bladder infection <sec> prince charles urges concertgoers to shout so his ill father could hear them .  the queen 's husband will remain hospitalized for a few days , buckingham palace says .  he is being treated for a bladder infection .  the palace says he is `` disappointed '' about missing diamond jubilee event .
 biden takes 'it 's on us ' to native american leaders <sec> vice president joe biden spoke wednesday at the white house tribal nations conference .  he highlighted the high rates of domestic violence among native americans .  biden 's messaged tied into the white house 's 'it 's on us ' campaig .
 wounded vet goes from 'life slipping away ' to soap opera star <sec> j.r. martinez was injured by land mine in iraq in 2003 .  he was trapped in humvee as more than 40 percent of his body was burned .  as martinez went through difficult recovery , he became motivational speaker .  he landed role on `` all my children '' soap opera playing a wounded vetera .
 boxer floyd mayweather sentenced to 3 months for domestic violence <sec> official : mayweather pleaded guilty to misdemeanor battery and harassment .  police say he punched the mother of his children at his home , kvvu says .  he must report to jail january 6 , a court spokeswoman say .
 opinion : a year later , sikhs keep up fight against gun violence <sec> vigil at sikh temple one year after murders brings people from all faiths hurt by gun violence .  valarie kaur : most people know aurora or newtown but do n't remember oak creek .  now , hate crimes lists includes sikhs , hindus , arabs , buddhists , mormons , jehovah 's witnesses .  kaur : oak creek will keep fighting gun violence despite all the setbacks in refor .
 police release more details in fsu professor 's slaying <sec> daniel markel was found fatally wounded in his home 's garage .  there were no signs of robbery or burglary .  white or silver car believed to be near the scene .  professor was published in yale law review , slate , other .
 do n't blame speculators for high gas prices <sec> obama announced proposal to increase surveillance of oil futures markets .  lutz kilian : rise in oil prices -- and gas prices -- is not caused by market manipulation .  kilian : obama 's premise is wrong ; swings in oil prices caused by global business cycle .  kilian : unpleasant truth is that high prices at the pump are not likely to go awa .
 1968 : civil rights , women 's movement forged ( opinion ) <sec> events in `` the sixties '' changed the world and the way donna brazile saw it .  mlk , rfk killed in 1968 . .  brazile was only 9 but joined the civil rights movement .  civil rights , women 's rights , gay rights , all came into their own in the '60s .  to discuss who we are and where we can go , we need to understand the '60 .
 oregon , ohio state to meet in ncaa football championship <sec> ohio state upsets no . .  1 alabama behind sizzling running of ezekiel elliott .  oregon ends defending champ florida state 's 29-game winning streak .  heisman trophy winner marcus mariota passes for two scores , runs for anothe .
 'kick-ass 2 ' cast : it 's just a movie <sec> some of the stars from 'kick-ass 2 ' have reacted to jim carrey 's stance .  the actor said he ca n't support the film because of its violence .  his co-stars , however , say viewers should understand that it 's r-rated entertainmen .
 opinion : posting rodger video is legal , but is it right ? <sec> marc randazza : shooter 's video rant is legal to post , but is it ethical ? .  randazza : was youtube right to show video when it would make money from it ? .  he asks : does the video motivate others to murder ? .  or does it show how repulsive he is .  randazza : facebook took down page praising him after initial refusal : a hypocritical decisio .
 republicans urge airstrikes in syria to defeat isis - cnnpolitics.com <sec> republicans urge obama to begin a military campaign into syria to defeat isis .  sen. lindsey graham would even support u.s. troops on the ground .  republicans want to repeal defense budget cut .
 no winners in $ 425m mega millions jackpot , lottery officials say <sec> odds of winning friday 's mega millions jackpot are about 1 in 259 million .  tulane university says you have a better shot of being killed by an asteroid .  $ 425 million is second-highest mega millions pot after $ 656 million prize in 201 .
 do n't put juveniles in jail for life <sec> laurence steinberg : more than 2,500 serving life without parole for crimes done while juveniles .  he says high court considering whether this is appropriate in homicide convictions .  he says there are better options than life sentences ; immature minds may be rehabilitated .  steinberg : ending life without parole for all juvenile offenders is sensibl .
 infection , not blood clot , caused zsa zsa gabor 's swollen leg <sec> the 93-year-old actress was released from a hospital saturday .  gabor has been in ill health since a hip replacement in july .  she 's been unable to walk since a 2002 car cras .
 deaf , but not silent : priest abuse victim speaks out <sec> arthur budzinski says he was abused by a milwaukee priest as a child at a school for the deaf .  he received a settlement from the church in 2006 .  the new york times recently reported the priest abused up to 200 deaf childre .
 yemen officials : u.s. drone strike kills three militants <sec> the u.s. drone strike occurs in yemen 's southern province of lahj .  two others are injured , one critically .  a second vehicle evades damage and flees .  u.s. drone strikes against al qaeda suspects are on the upswing in yeme .
 report : celebrity publicist max clifford sentenced to 8 years for assaults on girls <sec> max clifford is found guilty of indecent assaults on teenage girls .  he was convicted after allegations against tv presenter jimmy savile were investigated .  he was convicted of eight assaults , cleared of two ; jury did n't reach verdict on 11th case .  clifford , who denies the claims , has called his arrest and prosecution `` a nightmare .
 bhutan 's moving gold : how water is powering the country <sec> hydropower is the sole source of electricity in bhutan .  the kingdom lists environmental protection as one of the four pillars of happiness .  `` more than 60 percent of our gdp comes from hydro-power , '' said bhutan 's pm .  experts say the country is only using about 5 percent of its potential right no .
 germany : u.s. might have monitored merkel 's phone <sec> spokesman says government asks for `` wide-ranging clarification '' .  chancellor spoke with president obama about the issue wednesday .  obama says u.s. `` is not monitoring and will not monitor '' her communications .  snowden affair sparked concerns about u.s. spyin .
