 hillary clinton slates return trip to canada <sec> clinton announced monday two events in canada that will take place early next year .  after those 2 events , clinton will have headlined events in 60 % of canada 's provinces .  the events offer clinton a chance to talk about her experience running the state departmen .
 the reason ebola is n't being stopped <sec> disease detective finds contact tracing system for ebola outbreak `` in shambles '' .  many contacts ' addresses were missing or vague .  only 20 % to 30 % of contacts in database were being properly followe .
 lone female fugitive on marshals wanted list captured <sec> she was on the run for five years .  the woman was taken into custody at an oregon shopping mall .  she and her husband are accused of abusing their adopted childre .
 oman puts women at forefront of olympic ambitions <sec> oman has launched a women 's sailing program to create a new generation of female sailors .  the program is seen as an important step in the region for female empowerment .  oman has a history of maritime successes and organizers hope to continue this strong traditio .
 israel pm calls for demilitarized palestinian state <sec> new : president obama calls benjamin netanyahu 's speech `` important step forward '' .  palestinian legislator accuses netanyahu of calling for creation of ghetto state .  demilitarized state could not have army or control its airspace , he says .  before sunday , netanyahu had not endorsed a two-state solutio .
 1 dead , 4 critically hurt after arizona dust storm triggers pileups <sec> new : two suffered critical injuries in chain-reaction incident 20 miles north of tucson .  one person died and two suffered life-threatening injuries in pichacho peak incident .  the storm caused `` minimal visibility '' along interstate 10 north of tucso .
 5 things we learned from jaden and willow smith <sec> jaden and willow smith give philosophical interview to nyt t magazine .  the teenaged siblings talked about flexibility of time , duality .  interview has gotten curious , befuddled reaction on social medi .
 lil wayne pleads guilty to weapons charge <sec> lil wayne was arrested in july 2007 on weapons charge .  hip-hop artist pleaded guilty to reduced charge thursday ; sentencing due in february .  lil wayne launched solo career at age 16 with release of `` tha block is hot '' in 1999 .  he won two bet awards in 2007 and four grammy awards in 200 .
 caribou coffee to close or rebrand 168 stores <sec> minnesota-based coffee-shop chain to reduce u.s. footprint .  80 stores to close sunday ; 88 others to become peet 's .  company was taken private in december by german equity compan .
 flare on leaking oil platform extinguished , energy firm says <sec> the flare on a north sea platform that has been leaking gas has gone out , total says .  there had been fears the flare could ignite the clouds of escaping gas .  gas has been leaking from the platform off the scottish coast since sunday .  total is starting work on a plan to stop the leak , including drilling relief well .
 chile : bachelet , matthei to face off in presidential election runoff <sec> socialist michelle bachelet won a majority of votes , but not enough to win .  the south american country will hold a runoff election on december 15 .  bachelet was chile 's president from 2006 to 201 .
 spain 'heading for self-made mess ' with abortion ban <sec> spain 's proposed abortion law would restrict abortion to rape victims or women who would suffer lasting harm .  it would effectively reverse a 2010 law allowing abortion on request for the first 14 weeks .  ann furedi says spanish woman would have to travel to other countries for terminations .  furedi says women should be able to make a decision in line with their own moral value .
 deputies in tulsa shooting reassigned <sec> deputies reassigned after threats , sheriff says .  the two deputies pinned eric harris to the ground and one yelled `` f*ck your breath '' at him after he was sho .
 uganda 's president museveni signs controversial anti-gay bill into law <sec> museveni signs bill that could mean life in prison for `` aggravated homosexuality '' .  the bill , which has been debated in uganda for years , originally included a death penalty .  president barack obama said enacting the bill would affect u.s. relations with uganda .  museveni rejects criticism of the bill as an imperialistic push by west to impose values on other .
 kanye west has acquired some 'kim k. skills ' <sec> kanye west gives a wide-ranging interview to gq .  he discusses his career goals , family and life as a celebrity .  he feels like he 's fighting for celebrity rights .  he also says he 's acquired `` kim k skills .
 springboks foil england record bid <sec> south africa claim second world cup crown with 15-6 victory in final in paris .  2003 england champions england fail to become first side to defend the title .  percy montgomery kicked four penalties for boks , plus one by francois stey .
 source : feds investigate heath ledger 's death <sec> law enforcement source says federal drug officers are looking into death .  ledger died of an accidental overdose january 22 .  source : investigators trying to determine if drugs were prescribed legally .  dea is looking at two doctors -- one in california and one in texa .
 what star trek taught me <sec> eric liu : i was fully into star trek as a young boy in an immigrant household .  in my first grade imagination , i was anticipating the kind of world we 'd like to live in now .
 espanyol stutter against mallorca ; sevilla thrash sporting gijon <sec> espanyol lose 2-1 at home to mallorca in spain 's la liga .  sevilla thrash sporting gijon 3-0 with luis fabiano among the goals .  msv duisburg reach the german cup final after beating energie cottbus 2-1 .  nice beat stade de reims 3-2 to reach french cup semifina .
 new yorkers 'pay it forward ' after 9/11 <sec> every september , cnn hero jeff parness organizes help for a disaster-stricken community .  the idea is to spread the kind of help that new york received after the 9/11 attacks .  many of the volunteers have been helped in the past and want to `` pay it forward .
 james foley beheading video : would you watch it ? <sec> images and videos of james foley 's beheading are on the internet .  many media outlets , including cnn , are not showing the video .  internet users and operators must decide how to deal with the vide .
 sarkozy hospitalized after jogging scare <sec> new : sarkozy resting , talking with advisers at hospital , president 's office says .  new : initial tests show nothing abnormal , according to president 's office .  french president taken to hospital after becoming faint while jogging .  sarkozy is an avid jogge .
 report : sec staffers watched porn as economy crashed <sec> sec investigation : dozens of employees , contractors surfed porn sites on work computers .  staffers violated government-wide ethics rules , report finds .  report : incidents occurred while country was teetering on verge of financial collaps .
 ex-tiffany 's executive sentenced in theft of $ 2 million in jewelry <sec> former tiffany 's vice president sentenced to 366 days in prison for theft .  ingrid lederhaas-okun stole more than 165 pieces of jewelry in three months .  tiffany 's discovered the theft after lederhaas-okun was fired in februar .
 obama ends oath with 'so help me god ' <sec> obama used family bible at sunday 's swearing-in ; will use two others on monday .  'so help me god ' not required part of presidential oath , but has been said .  legal challenge fell short before 2009 inauguratio .
 a guide to hangzhou , china 's ancient capital <sec> here is a guide to the best hotels , restaurants , and sights in hangzhou for visitors .  hangzhou is one of china 's best-preserved destinations .  terraced plantations grow the region 's famous longjing green te .
 ten-man ivory coast stutter to africa cup of nations draw with guinea <sec> ivory coast many people 's favorites for trophy .  guinea took first-half lead through mohamed yattara volley .  gervinho sent off just before hour mark .  seydou doumbia hits equalizer with just under 20 minutes remainin .
 saudi princess charged with human trafficking <sec> new : princess 's lawyer indicates incident is a labor dispute over wages and hours .  new : her attorney points out `` there was no physical abuse , no physical restraint '' .  meshael alayban faces one felony count of human trafficking .  her alleged victim is a 30-year-old kenyan woman who worked for her , police sa .
 consumer reports : too many sodas contain potential carcinogen <sec> consumer reports warns about caramel coloring found in many soft drinks .  california limits manufacturers to 29 micrograms of 4-mel exposure per day .  consumer reports says tests show two products exceeded limits without warning label .  the fda is testing foods and beverages and reviewing safety dat .
 bill clinton expects 'an extended involvement ' in syria , but no land war <sec> former president bill clinton doubts u.s. involvement in syria will last years .  he believes president obama 's strategy against isis `` has a chance to succeed '' .  in the past , clinton has sometimes been critical of obama 's syria polic .
 wing of british airways plane apparently clips brick building <sec> british airways says a plane was damaged but did not detail how .  the incident took place while the plane was taxiing in johannesburg , south afric .
 4 issues raised at the house ebola hearing <sec> ron klain is president barack obama 's 'ebola czar , ' who started wednesday .  the house is holding a hearing on the u.s. response to the ebola outbreak .  rep. darrell issa , the committee 's chairman , said klein declined to atten .
 faces of a stolen generation <sec> the soviets invaded poland in world war ii and deported hundreds of thousands of people .  tomasz lazar photographed some of these poles and listened to their storie .
 planes , boats search for 67 missing haitians <sec> new : 15 confirmed dead after boat capsizes ; as many as 67 missing .  boat with about 200 haitians capsized monday near turks and caicos islands .  coast guard intercepted another boat overloaded with haitians late last wee .
 music a 'mega-vitamin ' for the brain <sec> london choir is made up of sufferers of neurological conditions , friends and carers .  growing evidence that music has neurological , physical , psychological benefits .  music used to boost rehabilitation of stroke patients , improve motor function .  new approaches to music therapy could bring field into mainstream rehab practic .
 pakistani coastal areas brace for cyclone phet <sec> pakistani authorities alert fishermen near karachi to dangerous seas .  cyclone phet already striking oman .  14 families evacuated to higher ground by helicopte .
 jindal , courage is not enough <sec> louisiana gov . .  bobby jindal advocates that gop reach out beyond base .  john avlon : jindal is not dealing with the root of the problem , which is gop policies .  saying gop must stop being `` the stupid party '' is a diagnosis but not a prescription , avlon says .  avlon : confronting the impulse to pander to social conservative populists is necessar .
 thousands flee flooding in mexico <sec> one dead as hundreds of thousands flee rising floodwaters .  about 80 percent of the city of villahermosa is under water .  tabasco and chiapas states hardest hit .  authorities say 700,000 affected and 300,000 still trapped by floodin .
 'mortal kombat ' a triumphant reboot <sec> from netherrealm studios and warner bros. entertainment .  lord raiden sends a message back in time to himself to prevent shao kahn 's ultimate victory .  the single-player action moves at a brisk pace and offers great variety in character .
 secret service misbehavior is n't widespread , report says <sec> the report noted isolated cases of unethical conduct among secret service workers .  the agency came under scrutiny amid a prostitution scandal from a cartagena , colombia , trip .  it should `` address excessive alcohol consumption and personal conduct , '' report say .
 another voice lost , korean 'comfort woman ' dies <sec> hwang keum-ja died in south korea , one of the dwindling number of `` comfort women '' .  japan forced 200,000 women into sex slavery to service wwii japanese soldiers .  japan has formally apologized for atrocities against `` comfort women .
 americans killed in mumbai attacks <sec> after anxious wait , kia scherr learns husband , daughter were killed in mumbai , india .  ireporters in mumbai describe scenes of deadly attacks .  from pennsylvania , husband says , `` i was sitting at home completely helpless '' .  ireport.com : are you there ? .  tell your stor .
 man falls 25 feet from ride line at disney park <sec> the 20-year-old man was in line for the twilight zone tower of terror .  he was not badly injured and was treated and released from a hospital .  the incident temporarily shut down the rid .
 pj harvey says 'let england shake ' <sec> `` let england shake '' sounds a world apart from harvey 's last solo album , 2007 's `` white chalk '' .  the sound is muted guitar/organ balladry , heavy on melody but never rocking out .  she was in a rural 19th-century church with collaborators like john parish , mick harve .
 turks , israelis complain of excessive security screening <sec> some 40 israelis complain they were singled out in istanbul .  a turkish group says they were singled out at tel aviv .  relations between israel and turkey have been deteriorating .  israel refuses to apologize for a raid in which nine turks die .
 hands on with the new ipad air and ipad mini <sec> the new ipads from apple do n't hold a lot of surprises , but the regular improvements are solid .  the renamed ipad air is thinner , faster and lighter than the previous generation .  with a new processor and better screen , ipad mini catches up to the full-size ipa .
 wes anderson to take 'grand budapest hotel ' on transatlantic cruise <sec> wes anderson , whose whimsical films have earned him a cult following , will join passengers of the `` queen mary 2 '' .  anderson will be accompanied by tilda swinton , jason schwartzman and screenwriter roman coppola .  passengers can attend screenings of anderson films and have a q and a with the directo .
 irish bishop resigns amid abuse scandal <sec> vatican accepts bishop john magee 's resignation amid abuse scandal .  magee apologized for abuse commited by priests in his diocese .  magee , 73 , had been bishop of cloyne since march 1987 .  five irish bishops have tendered their resignations since decembe .
 divorce by facebook : new york woman can file online <sec> ellanora arthur baidoo has been trying to divorce her husband for several years .  husband does n't have permanent address or permanent employment .  baidoo is granted permission to send divorce papers via faceboo .
 farm bill failure portends problems for immigration in the house - cnnpolitics.com <sec> opposition to immigration reform appears to be hardening in the house .  failure to pass farm bill in the house demonstrated divisions in gop ranks .  roughly a quarter of house republicans broke ranks with speaker boehner .  boehner recently compared immigration reform to obamacar .
 ai weiwei loses tax evasion case <sec> chinese dissident artist ai weiwei lost appeal against tax evasion charges in beijing court friday .  ai said he was denied access to court hearing , as he was to first hearing on june 20 .  ai said he would appeal court 's decision .  ai contends charges are baseless and politically-motivate .
 tibetan activist who set himself alight in india dies <sec> 27-year-old man was admitted to hospital in new delhi with 90 % burns to his body .  protest against china 's rule in tibet took places as president hu jintao was set to visit india .  dramatic pictures showed the man running along the street in flames .  chinese officials have described self-immolations as `` extreme '' act .
 santa bar crawl wants off the 'naughty ' list <sec> santacon is being toned down this year due to public protest over the participants ' behavior .  organizers say their roots are charitable and santas should be allowed to celebrate .  santacon will take place on saturday , december 13 , in new yor .
 india issues advisory for students in australia <sec> weekend killing in australia prompts indian government to issue an advisory .  advisory lists basic precautions its students should take while studying in australia .  nitin garg was stabbed to death in melbourne as he walked to work through a public park .  australian authorities denied spate of attacks on indian students were racially motivate .
 chinese space capsule returns to earth after ambitious mission <sec> new : the three-person crew emerges from the spacecraft .  china 's shenzhou-9 capsule bumps down in inner mongolia .  this mission marks china 's first woman in space .  china joins u.s. and russia in completing a manned space dockin .
 poll : nearly three-quarters favor pullout from iraqi cities <sec> cnn/opinion research corp. poll finds strong support for withdrawal .  tuesday is deadline for u.s. troops to be out of iraqi cities .  about 131,000 u.s. troops remain in 300 locations throughout iraq .  four americans die of combat-related injuries , u.s. military say .
 buzz building for 'batman : arkham asylum ' game <sec> online buzz is strong for upcoming `` batman : arkham asylum '' video game .  lead writer paul dini and others discuss the game at comic-con this weekend .  the game reunites a brooding batman and his most notorious nemesis , the joker .  there 's no movie or comic tie-in to follow , so dini could create an original stor .
 trevor noah to replace jon stewart on 'daily show ' <sec> trevor noah made his first appearance on the hit show in december .  stewart approves of the south african comedian as his replacemen .
 boko haram offshoot announces deaths of 7 hostages in nigeria <sec> militant group ansaru says 7 foreign workers are dead .  ansaru is believed to be an offshoot of boko haram , u.s. officials say .  the victims are from italy , greece , lebanon and britain .  the foreigners worked for a construction firm in northern nigeri .
 cnn reveals top 10 heroes of 2008 <sec> the public will select `` hero of the year '' in an online poll at cnn.com/heroes .  distinguished panel of world leaders and luminaries chose top 10 finalists .  `` cnn heroes : an all-star tribute '' to be hosted by anderson cooper .  to air thanksgiving , november 27 , 9 p.m . .  et ( november 28 , 0200 gmt .
 chicago strike could influence teacher accountability debate <sec> after race to the top initiative , fights over teacher responsibility have become more common .  the initiative provides funding to states in exchange for reforms .  the chicago schools strike could influence the outcome of the debate , expert say .
 search warrants provide grisly details in zahra baker 's death <sec> stepmother claims girl 's father dismembered body .  a judge releases search warrants from detectives probing zahra baker 's death .  zahra 's remains were found november 11 , a month after she was reported missin .
 deputy mayor : snow emergency should have been declared in new york <sec> new : nyc hired 86 private firms to bolster snow removal at a price that remains unclear .  new : winter weather could continue to strain state and municipal budgets .  forecasters say another storm could dump 6 to 12 inches of snow beginning tuesday night .  deputy mayor goldsmith said the city did n't communicate well , respond fast enoug .
 newt gingrich and van jones : prison system is failing america <sec> a vast number of americans are behind bars or under correctional supervision .  gingrich , jones : the prison system does n't work ; it turns out more hardened criminals .  they say radical innovation is needed to make prisons focus on rehabilitation .  authors : online education should be used ; wardens should be incented to improve result .
