 oscar pistorius breaks down at grisly details of girlfriend 's killing <sec> new : `` he definitely wanted her to live , `` witness says about oscar pistorius .  witness says he saw reeva steenkamp had been mortally wounded .  `` i thought she was a burglar and i shot her , '' witness quotes pistorius as saying .  defense attorney grills another witness on notes taken of fatal shootin .
 alaska drilling : from 'hell no ! ' to ... 'ok ' <sec> shell plans exploratory offshore drilling in two regions off alaska .  ex-mayor who campaigned on `` hell no ! '' .  platform eventually said `` ok '' .  issue pits environmental concerns against promising oil revenues .  environmentalists fear harsh weather could worsen an oil well blowou .
 opinion : for drudge , rove and putin , it 's silly season again <sec> donna brazile chastises the wave of politically driven attacks that seem just for sport .  hillary clinton , she argues , is the current target of those `` silly '' attacks from drudge and others .  to paraphrase henry kissinger : `` in washington , someone is always out to get you . .
 cat-astrophe as hello kitty truth revealed <sec> hello kitty is not a cat , anthropologist reveals ahead of retrospective .  interview in la times ricocheted around internet among shocked fans .  cat-like character is a british girl who has a twin sister and a pet ca .
 'victims of injustice ' in post-revolution egypt speak out <sec> maikel nabil was jailed by military tribunal for criticizing egyptian army in a blog post .  he was freed to celebrate the first anniversary of revolution and in time for release of film about his case .  nabil is one of five stories of injustice featured in the film `` back to the square '' .  other stories include convict asked to fight revolutionaries and a girl subjected to `` virginity test .
 balboa goal stuns libya in africa cup of nations opener <sec> equatorial guinea beat libya 1-0 in opening match of 2012 africa cup of nations .  javier-angel balboa scores in 87th minute to earn team $ 1 million bonus .  zambia defeat senegal 2-1 to top group a after opening round of matche .
 turkish warplanes resume bombing kurdish rebels in northern iraq <sec> new : f-16s strike suspected pkk camps for second consecutive night .  turkish government holds national security council meeting .  the ambush killed at least eight soldiers and a government-employed guard .  military : turkish artillery also pounds more than 100 targets in the border regio .
 newly released 9/11 photos show world trade center from above <sec> aerial images show world trade center tower burning , then collapsing .  photos offer rare look at what collapse looked like from above .  abc news obtained photos through freedom of information act reques .
 five somalis sentenced to life in piracy case <sec> each of the defendants was sentenced to life plus 80 years .  they are longest sentences ever meted out to a pirate in a u.s. court .  it 's also the first time in 190 years that a u.s. court has convicted a defendant of pirac .
 gadhafi 's demise and the arab spring <sec> scholar says 2011 `` is to the arabs what 1989 was to the communist world '' .  u.n. resolutions , nata sorties helped in libya but are unlikely elsewhere .  the power of the state remains formidable in a majority of arab countries .  the overthrow of three leaders does n't change the dilemmas that arab world face .
 police : 4 suspects sought in texas doctor 's slaying <sec> suspects were at doctor 's house when he , wife and child arrived , police say .  police responded to 911 call of burglary at rural home of houston , texas , doctor .  police found dr. jorge mario gonzalez shot to death and a ranch worker badly injured .  gonzalez 's wife and toddler found unharmed ; they reportedly hid in a close .
 no moving trucks needed for bushes on inauguration day <sec> the obamas ' belongings will be moved into the white house on tuesday .  most of the bush family items are already moved to crawford ranch , dallas home .  bush move started last summer , according to a white house aid .
 animals suffer amid delays over indonesia zoo rescue <sec> years of neglect are evident in mortality rates at indonesia 's surabaya zoo .  until the government stepped in two years ago , 25 animals were dying each month .  conditions have improved but overcrowding , poor sanitation and inbreeding remain problems .  zookeeper tony samampau is trying to change attitudes , improve animal welfar .
 federer beats injured djokovic to set up all-swiss monte carlo final <sec> federer beats injured djokovic to set up final against stanislas wawrinka .  djokovic unsure how long wrist injury will keep him out of action .  serb a doubt for french open which gets underway on may 25 .  wawrinka beats david ferrer in straight sets in other semifina .
 5 things the farm bill will mean for you <sec> new : the senate passes the nearly $ 1 trillion farm bill on tuesday .  it sets five years of eating and farming policy in the united states .  it cuts the food stamp program and increases spending on farmers markets .  continued subsidies ensure corn remains one of the country 's most reliable sources of foo .
 former special forces officers slam obama over leaks on bin laden killing <sec> the ad also includes former navy seals .  former military officers accuse obama of disclosing successful secret operations .  group behind ad shares an office with two gop political consulting firms in virgini .
 'skate 3 , ' 'alan wake ' offer new gaming adventures <sec> `` skate 3 '' is arguably the best in the series with extra tricks and deeper online play .  `` alan wake '' is a strange single-player adventure about a bestselling author .  gamers who prefer story-driven adventures will appreciate it as an interactive suspense nove .
 militants attack hospital at yemen 's defense ministry <sec> defense ministry attack kills 52 people , including a relative of yemen 's president .  attack targeted hospital at defense complex , yemen state media reports .  militants drove an explosive-laden vehicle into the building .  gunmen then battled security forces insid .
 tens of thousands flee congo refugee camps <sec> new : congo rebels blame rwandan hutus for attack , report says .  internally displaced congolese flee as rebels attack government troops .  torrential rain makes refugee movement difficult .  u.n. refugee agency : some 375,000 have been forced from homes in past yea .
 7 dead as flooding in philippines brings manila to a standstill <sec> the national weather agency issues a red alert for the manila area .  seven people have died and tens of thousands have fled their homes .  the flooding has closed schools , government offices and financial markets .  70 % of central manila is under water , the national news agency report .
 seven victims of georgia slaying laid to rest <sec> 7 of 8 people killed last week in a mobile home were laid to rest saturday .  other victim will be buried mid-month , and an injured 3-year-old is on life support .  guy heinze jr. , the son of one of the victims , is charged with murder .  killings have left people in the city of 16,000 uneasy and incredulou .
 french win but hungry froome stays on top <sec> home crowd celebrate as the wait is over for first french winner on 2013 tour de france .  christophe riblon makes a late strike to win grueling 18th stage .  britain 's chris froome extends his overall lead over spain 's alberto contador .  froome penalised for breaking rules banning feeding in the last 20km of the stag .
 siblings torn apart by war reunite to create rwanda 's craigslist <sec> siblings chance tubane and patience nduwawe are the founders of tohoza.com .  the online classified ad directory is rwanda 's third most popular website .  the two siblings were separated for nearly 10 years in the aftermath of the rwandan genocide .  they say their main objective is to provide a positive image about their countr .
 report : china halts export of bead toys tainted with toxic drug <sec> state-run news agency : china orders an investigation by quality control agencies .  children who swallow the beads can become comatose or have seizures .  toys are sold as aqua dots in the u.s. , as bindeez beads in australia .  three children were hospitalized in australia after swallowing large quantitie .
 maps app is not the only apple misstep <sec> andrew mayer : the new maps app on iphone 5 is clearly worse than the old one .  mayer : maps is an obvious misstep , but it is n't the only one apple has made recently .  he says incremental steps can not substitute for boldness , like the creation of the ipod .  mayer : apple 's real problem is that its ability to `` think different '' might go awa .
 terrorism ransom demands create dilemma <sec> kayla mueller , held hostage by isis , was confirmed dead tuesday .  aaron miller : negotiating with terror groups , paying ransoms , incentivizes such activitie .
 south africa plays down world cup terror threat <sec> south africa police minister says currently no terror threat to world cup .  nathi mthethwa says police ready to deal with any threat which does emerge .  south african team beats guatemala 5-0 to stretch unbeaten run to 11 game .
 israeli forces take over gaza-bound boat ; no resistance reported <sec> israel seizes the dignite without violent resistance from the 16 people aboard .  activists say they want to break what they call the `` siege of gaza '' .  israel says its control of gaza 's borders is to keep weapons out of militants ' hand .
 indiana groom dies in road accident hours after wedding <sec> william riley knight had stopped to help a woman whose vehicle had slid into a ditch .  he and linda darlington were struck multiple times as they stood by the side of the road .  knight 's new wife was waiting in the car when the accident happened .  `` we have a job to do here , but sometimes it just brings you sadness , '' a spokeswoman say .
 box office report : 'the possession ' leads the worst weekend in over a decade <sec> this weekend was not a great one for movies at the box office .  horror film `` the possession '' came in first place .  new wide release `` the cold light of day '' opened in 13th plac .
 why the empire state building turned red ( opinion ) <sec> errol louis : election upended idea ny is bastion of de blasio-like progressive politics .  cuomo , democrat with presidential sights , re-elected , but gop took 3 house seats .  he says gop tightened grip on state senate ; progressive initiatives will have trouble .  louis : cuomo the centrist fended off fight from left but faces tough legislative sessio .
 the gun markets of pakistan <sec> vbs.tv gains rare access to gun market in pakistani tribal area .  massive shop manufactures up to 1,000 guns a day , most by hand .  area has been home base for the taliban since the u.s. invasion of afghanista .
 why mourinho 's chelsea will be premier league champion <sec> the 2014-15 english premier league season starts on saturday .  chelsea , led by jose mourinho , is favorite to lift its first title since 2011 .  defending champion manchester city has added six players to its squad .  manchester united hoping to restore glory under new boss louis van gaa .
 24 indicted in theft of native american artifacts <sec> 24 indicted for selling , buying , exchanging archaeological artifacts .  artifacts stolen from native american lands .  authorities recovered 256 artifacts worth about $ 335,685 .  undercover investigation tracked suspects for more than two year .
 hollywood embraces roman polanski <sec> some industry heavy hitters support roman polanski after his arrest .  many in the international film community continue to hail him as a hero .  polanski has remained a hollywood insider while living as a fugitive .  film festival president : `` we hope today that this latest order will be dropped .
 second teacher at l.a. school accused of 'lewd acts ' against pupils <sec> new : angry parents gather outside school ; one mom plans to transfer deaf son .  a second miramonte elementary teacher is arrested .  he allegedly fondled two girls about age 7 , police say .  his case is `` quite different '' from that of another teacher also charged with lewd act .
 england beat scotland to reach last eight at rugby world cup <sec> england reach world cup quarterfinals after dramatic 16-12 victory over scotland .  needing to win , scotland were 12-3 ahead with 24 minutes to go .  jonny wilkinson kicked penalty and drop kick , chris ashton scored try to secure win .  england will next face france , who went through despite loss to tong .
 kenya attack : police unit waited hours for transport <sec> commando says air transport was delayed for hours as al-shabaab forces slaughtered students .  on april 2 , 147 were killed at a university in garissa , kenya , most were student .
 'saturday night live ' on hillary clinton email flap <sec> kate mckinnon hit another `` snl '' impression out of the park as hillary clinton .  her `` clinton '' discussed the controversy over a private email accoun .
 the lowdown on the world cup bid ballot <sec> fifa 's executive committee will vote on the hosts of the 2018 and 2022 world cups .  british govt . .  predicts 2018 world cup in england worth $ 4.7 billion to economy .  qatar 's 2022 bid would see the event take place in temperatures of 50 degrees .  each country has called on celebrities and politicians to endorse the bid .
 britain , france push for more u.n. troops in congo <sec> peacekeeping mission in democratic republic of congo is already u.n. 's largest .  britain , france call for 3,000 more u.n. troops in congo .  human rights groups in congo also have been calling for more troops there .  fighting in congo has caused about 250,000 people to flee homes since augus .
 rolling stone cover of bombing suspect called 'slap ' to boston <sec> some columnists and others speak out in support of the rolling stone cover .  boston mayor thomas menino urges the magazine to follow with stories on the survivors .  `` music and terrorism do n't mix ! '' .  one firm says .  the image is one tsarnaev himself posted online ; it 's been published widely befor .
 cheers ! whisky lovers discover new blends in south africa <sec> climate conditions make the western cape well positioned to grow grain for .  south africa once produced 55 million liters of brandy , but it has declined to less than 30 million liters .  in the year ending june 2014 , scotch exports to south africa fell by 10 % .  south african whisky made up 0.21 % of global exports in 201 .
 'pandaman ' creator finds political cartoon a risky business in china <sec> wang first drew pandaman on learning of christian bale 's attempt to visit an activist .  an instant hit with chinese netizens , pandaman went viral online within a few hours .  cartoons lampoon everything from beijing 's pollution to china 's limits on religious freedom .  wang says he feels undeterred by the potential consequences of his wor .
 how good is the iphone 5s camera ? <sec> the new iphone 5s has a much-improved camera .  the camera has a larger light sensor and a burst mode feature for action shots .  it also shoots slow-motion video .  it 's not the first phone to have these features , and others may be bette .
 china expresses regret over expanded south korean air zone <sec> china has voiced `` regret '' over south korea 's decision to expand its air defense zone . .  the expanded zone includes an area claimed by both countries . .  china newly declared air defense zone has raised tensions in the regio .
 federer questions french open move <sec> federer queries plans to move french open away from paris home at roland garros .  french open has been player at roland garros since event began in 1928 .  officials are examining three possible sites in the suburbs of the capita .
 bo xilai 's ouster offers clues about china 's secret leadership splits <sec> bo xilai , once a powerful politician in china , was removed from his post in march .  jeffrey wasserstrom : bo 's story is intriguing -- was it power struggle or did he flout law ? .  he says incidents like bo 's fall offer precious clues about state of chinese government .  wasserstrom : factional politics indicate communist party is not as unified as it seem .
 opinion : who will speak for the mh17 victims ? <sec> nearly 200 of the mh17 victims are from the netherlands .  frida ghitis : anger is growing against the pro-russian separatists .  she says the dutch resist impulsiveness , believe in international cooperation .  ghitis : now is the time for dutch government to lead and press for justic .
 tigers outfielder arrested ; hate crime investigation under way <sec> report : a criminal complaint says delmon young made an anti-semitic remark .  `` i sincerely regret what happened ... .  i take this matter very seriously , '' young says in a statement .  new york police : the other man in the dispute sustained minor injurie .
 the cost of war : 2 million syrian children afflicted by trauma , disease , malnutrition <sec> save the children : kids as young as 8 are reportedly used as human shields .  in northern syria , about two-thirds of children lack proper vaccinations against diseases .  a 12-year-old describes watching her father get shot outside her home .  `` i stopped going to school when the shelling started . .  it was n't safe , '' a child say .
 francesco schettino : cruise ship captain in troubled waters <sec> schettino trained at a well-regarded nautical institute , local media report .  he was appointed captain by the costa cruise line in 2006 .  schettino , now under house arrest at his family home , comes from a seafaring background .  he argues the rocks he hit were uncharted ; costa says he took an unauthorized cours .
 bank raided over $ 400m lehman transfer <sec> investigators raid kfw bank offices over payments made to lehman brothers .  kfw transferred $ 412m to lehman after the u.s. bank filed for bankruptcy .  authorities investigate board members , bosses on suspicion of embezzlemen .
 iran : syria part of 'axis of resistance ' <sec> at least 170 people were killed in syria tuesday , an opposition group says .  former syrian prime minister riyad hijab arrives in jordan , says a source .  u.s. secretary of state says `` proxies '' and terror wo n't be tolerated .  fighting rages in aleppo and in damascus and its suburb .
 crews go on offensive against growing colorado wildfire <sec> winds kick up as firefighters tackle hot spots .  fbi is investigating the cause of the wildfires .  president obama calls governor and will visit the state on friday .  colorado 's governor describes the scene as `` surreal .
 lewis hamilton : `` it was life or death '' <sec> hamilton says it 's like winning the title for the first time after topping duel in the desert .  briton insists he never wanted to win the title easily and relished fighting to the last race .  the 29-year-old admits the idea of being a multiple world champion will take time .  it equals the record of six years for the longest wait between a first and second world titl .
 iran opposition backers claims find of secret iranian nuclear facility <sec> an iranian-american with ties to the people 's mujahedeen of iran announces the find .  he says iran uses the site to make parts for centrifuges used to enrich uranium .  the united states is aware of the facility , a u.s. official tells cn .
 teen drops nearly 200 pounds <sec> edgar hernandez learned he was pre-diabetic at 16 .  the teenager went from a 48-inch waist to a 33-inch waist .  edgar has lost almost 200 pounds and inspired his brother to drop 70 pounds .  running is the teen 's favorite activity these day .
 sam smith : 'in the lonely hour ' album review <sec> `` in the lonely hour '' is smith 's debut album .  he 's performed with the duo disclosure .  he rolls deepest on `` stay with me .
 ronaldo treble keeps real in title hunt <sec> cristiano ronaldo scores his first hat-trick for real madrid in 4-1 win at mallorca .  portugal forward has now netted 36 times in his first season for los galacticos .  real reduce barcelona 's spanish league lead to one point with two games to play .  sevilla reclaim fourth place from mallorca with 5-1 victory at racing santande .
 official : boston bombings suspects 'were going to attack ' others <sec> 55 people remain hospitalized from the marathon bombings .  doctors are ''cautiously optimistic '' a wounded transit officer will recover .  the surviving suspect was shot in the side of the neck , a source tells cnn .  based on evidence , the brothers were going to attack others , an official say .
 report on newtown 's adam lanza finds missed chances <sec> report on newtown shooter adam lanza identifies `` warning signs , red flags '' .  it says lanza 's mother , school district and many others missed opportunities .  report relies on extensive documentation and interviews with lanza 's educators , doctor .
 osama bin laden 's son-in-law found guilty at new york terror trial <sec> sulaiman abu ghaith was found guilty of conspiring to kill americans .  he aided al qaeda as its main spokesman , prosecutor says .  but nothing ties abu ghaith to terrorism , his defense attorney counters .  kuwaiti cleric faces life in prison at sentencing on september 8 .
 cuba to build first new catholic church since castro <sec> cuban catholics start building their first churches since 1959 .  religious believers had been seen as suspicious under the castro regime .  the new churches are desperately needed , cuban catholics sa .
