 boy , 7 , raises $ 240,000 for haiti appeal <sec> charlie simpson has raised $ 240,000 for unicef 's haiti earthquake children 's appeal .  donations pour in amid media coverage with many cheering simpson on .  funds raised will provide water , sanitation , education , nutrition and supporting child protectio .
 deposed king vows to stay in nepal <sec> former king will live as a civilian in a summer palace outside capital .  gyanendra : will stay in the country to help establish peace .  left palace by side entrance while officials gathered outside to see his departure .  assembly tasked with rewriting the constitution , deciding future political syste .
 muslim superheroes series meets resistance in u.s . <sec> creator of islam-inspired comic series hoped would become a symbol of tolerance .  naif al-mutawa says he expected outcry from conservatives within islam .  when a tv series in middle east was financed , he sought to get it aired in u.s . .  conservative bloggers in the u.s. spooked tv deal , al-mutawa say .
 more than 120 rescued from ike 's floods <sec> new : coast guard helicopters airlift stranded residents from galveston area .  new : many of those rescued were motorists stranded on flooded roads .  coast guard , air force unable to rescue 22 people stranded on freighter .  active-duty military has 42 search-and-rescue helicopters on standb .
 obama on 2016 : 'i 've got dings ' and americans want 'that new car smell ' <sec> obama : americans wants a candidate that `` does n't have as much mileage as me '' .  obama tells abc he does n't expect to be utilized too much in 2016 campaigns .  obama : hillary clinton would be a `` formidable '' candidate and `` a great president .
 no soda ban here : mississippi passes 'anti-bloomberg ' bill <sec> cities ca n't limit food or drink portions at restaurants .  `` we believe there 's enough regulation , '' says the bill 's author , a restaurant owner .  mississippi has the nation 's highest rate of obesity .  but the state says obesity among elementary students has dropped 13.3 .
 cnn 's chris cuomo interviews dennis rodman friday on new day <sec> chris cuomo will talk with dennis rodman during cnn 's new day on friday .  rodman entered rehab after returning from a controversial trip to north korea .  during that trip , rodman launched into an outburst while being interviewed by cuomo .  rodman later apologized and said he had been drinkin .
 race for the next presidential birthplace <sec> virginia honors past presidents and patsy cline .  explore civil war history and andy warhol in pennsylvania .  auto culture and art are the stars in michigan .  hawaiian businesses benefit from president obama 's attentio .
 search on for woman kidnapped from gas station <sec> jessica heeringa was lone clerk at gas station .  she last served customer at 10:50 p.m. friday , police say .  station was reported empty at 11:15 p.m . .  `` something very bad happened , '' police chief tells tv statio .
 social media crackdown hits isis supporters <sec> many argue that suspending social media accounts used by violent extremists is a pointless endeavor .  data shows size of isis 's support network on twitter is shrinking as a result of crackdow .
 australia apologizes to aborigines <sec> new : pm kevin rudd apologizes to thousands of aborigines .  new : rudd : `` for the indignity and degradation ... on a proud people ... we say sorry '' .  new : apology envisions future where gaps among `` all australians '' are close .
 rayo vallecano 's 'beautiful gesture ' towards homeless <sec> rayo vallecano to help find new apartment for 85-year-old .  la liga club moved to help following eviction .  carmen martinez ayuso had lived in the apartment for 50 years .  statistics show that 1,218 evictions took place between january and june 201 .
 happy 50th birthday , brad pitt <sec> brad pitt celebrated his 50th birthday december 18 .  the aarp recognized the milestone with a mock cover .  the headline welcomed pitt to `` the club '' .  career-wise , the actor has had a successful 201 .
 welcome to the masters - 10 things to know about augusta <sec> the masters is held in augusta , georgia , every year .  soul legend james brown grew up and performed in the area .  do n't miss the `` haunted pillar '' on broad street .  australia 's golfers hoping to end augusta curs .
 cardinal edward egan dead at 82 <sec> cardinal edward egan died of a heart attack .  he served as archbishop of new york from 2000 to 200 .
 afghan president 's office asks what u.s. ambassador said <sec> state department says what ambassador tells president is confidential .  hamid karzai aides question u.s. ambassador 's advice to obama .  ambassador reportedly warns obama against sending more troops to afghanistan .  ambassador has expressed concerns about karzai government in pas .
 ferrari denies italian navy flag on f1 cars is a political message <sec> ferrari denies making a political statement having the italian navy flag on its f1 cars .  marque says flag is there in hope italy and india can settle a political dispute .  two italian sailors were arrested after incident that left two indian fisherman dead .  sebastian vettel goes quickest in practice ahead of indian grand prix in new delh .
 14 die in peru rehab center fire <sec> it is not clear what started the blaze at the rehabilitation center near lima .  fire chief : most victims `` were on the second floor '' and may have tried to escape .  the fire follows another in january in lima that killed 29 , state media reporte .
 king richard iii had uncomfortable resting place <sec> researchers update their research on richard iii .  they say gravediggers appeared to be in a hurry , may have shown disrespect .  archaeologists found the body of a man buried beneath a parking lot in leicester .  dna tests confirm `` beyond reasonable doubt '' the identity of the bone .
 pakistan continues taliban crackdown <sec> pakistani military intensifies drive against taliban in restive tribal regions .  recent military operation has resulted in more than 180 militant casualties .  has not stopped u.s. unmanned drone attacks on pakistan 's soil .  barack obama `` gravely concerned about the situation in pakistan .
 the people v. justin bieber : the singer 's court cases <sec> bieber 's miami dui case could be headed to a trial , lawyer says .  no plea offer , but bieber could choose a `` diversion '' program , miami prosecutor says .  taking the toronto assault charge to trial is not bieber 's best option , a lawyer says .  los angeles prosecutor nears decision on whether egging case is a felon .
 pakistan seeks national support against taliban <sec> government convenes a meeting of nearly all of the country 's political parties .  meeting aims to consolidate support for its operation to crush taliban militants .  government troops have battled taliban in pakistan 's northwestern swat valley .  hundreds of muslim clerics gather in islamabad to denounce militants ' violent tactic .
 boston strong : five great runs <sec> boston is a running town with plenty of scenic trails .  on monday , boston will host millions of boston marathon runners .  these five trails are great for a more leisurely ru .
 opinion : why are hispanics identifying as white ? <sec> eric liu : pew study of census data shows many hispanics now identifying as white .  liu : it could have implications in national politics , but mainly tells us about our views on race .  he says longer hispanics had been in u.s. , more likely they were to check `` white '' .  liu : danger in treating whiteness as ideal social baseline ; america is and should be colorfu .
 holiday myths debunked : weight gain , suicides , traffic deaths <sec> holiday weight gain is usually 1-2 pounds ; more for overweight people .  suicides do not increase around the holidays .  new year 's is a dangerous day to drive , but not the deadlies .
 nra chief : obama makes 'mockery ' of american freedoms <sec> his response is the latest criticism against the president by the group .  `` he does n't agree with the freedoms you cherish , '' the nra chief says .  obama recently proposed background checks on all gun sales , among other measures .  the gun lobby group called the president an `` elitist hypocrite '' last wee .
 q & a : 'climategate ' explained <sec> in november 2009 , more than 1,000 e-mails were published online .  climate skeptics claimed e-mails showed case for global warming had been exaggerated .  independent review published wednesday cleared scientists of wrongdoing .  head of unit in question professor phil jones to return as director of researc .
 mainz , dortmund crash out of german cup ; villarreal held by minnows <sec> mainz lose to second-division alemannia aachen in second round of german cup .  bundesliga title rivals dortmund lose on penalties against division three opposition .  spanish high-flyers villarreal held 1-1 away to third-divison opponents in copa del rey .  arsenal reach english league cup quarterfinals for the eighth season in a ro .
 sarkozy leaves hospital after health scare <sec> french president nicolas sarkozy spends night in hospital after collapsing .  sarkozy collapsed while jogging sunday in woodlands near weekend home .  54-year-old suffering from `` minor '' nervous condition causing low blood pressure .  french minister : `` the news from the doctors is good . .  he 'll be out today .
 gut claims first gs title in soelden <sec> swiss skier takes first giant slalom title of career in opening race of world cup season .  austria 's kathrin zettel finishes second ; germany 's viktoria rebensburg is third .  last year 's winner and overall world cup champion finishes in 18th plac .
 somalia : clashes leave at least 10 dead <sec> fighting between government forces and insurgents in mogadishu kills at least 10 .  shell lands in an area crowded with people , killing a group of civilians .  women and children among the dead , according to witnesse .
 a 'new libya ' must probe gadhafi killing <sec> michael scharf : gadhafi taken alive but died with bullet to head ; rights groups want investigation .  he says geneva conventions say that killing combatant after he 's been disarmed a war crime .  transition government promises probe ; this limits international court 's options , he says .  scharf : to get global aid , a new libya must show it can properly address extrajudicial killing .
 inspectors seize python used by healer in world cup rituals <sec> animal welfare organization says 9-foot burmese python was in `` dire condition '' .  investigators seized snake from shack .  healer was using the python to try to influence world cup results .  the snake is responding well to veterinary treatmen .
 coroner : mix of heroin and alcohol killed 'glee ' star <sec> new : lea michele is grieving alongside monteith 's family , her reps say .  death was nothing more `` than a most-tragic accident , '' coroner says .  monteith was found dead saturday in a vancouver hotel room .  the actor , 31 , had been on the hit fox series since it premiered in 200 .
 opinion : real space travel much cooler than 'gravity ' <sec> leroy chiao : americans love reality shows . .  when it comes to space program , prefer fiction .  he says `` gravity '' well known , but do people care a crew just rocketed to space station ? .  he says we 're inured to space flight , movies make it look , sound cooler , less workaday .  chiao : truth is , space travel trumps all movie cool . .  spaceflight surreal , thrillin .
 as coalition strikes by air , kurds fight isis in syria <sec> new : isis fighters still control parts of iraq despite u.s.-led coalition airstrikes .  turkey sets up more checkpoints as kurds flock to cross border into syria .  a kurdish enclave in syria on the border with turkey is under siege by isis .  u.s.-led coalition airstrikes hit kobani and kill five isis fighters , group say .
 violence flares at madagascar palace <sec> new : witnesses report tanks , gunshots outside madagascar presidential palace .  new : not immediately clear if military had taken control of the palace .  african union calls emergency meeting to discuss power struggle .  crisis has plunged poverty-stricken nation into turmoi .
 space research and mobile tech : kenya 's next 50 years <sec> kenya is celebrating 50 years of independence .  tech and innovation can drive country 's future , says calestous juma .  needs to build new research universities and expand its engineering education .  a space program can aid national development , juma argue .
 program will put air traffic controllers back in the skies <sec> air traffic controllers to get flight in cockpit .  idea is to better understand pilot workload and vice versa .  faa is restoring program killed by sept. 1 .
 opinion : for dr. king , everybody in and nobody out <sec> today is the 45th anniversary of the assassination of dr. martin luther king jr . .  rev . .  jesse jackson : king 's work was not about complexion , but direction .  he says if king were alive today , he would fight against poverty , polarization .  jackson : king fought for a one , big-tent america , everybody in and nobody ou .
 kendrick johnson 's family sues funeral home <sec> kendrick johnson was found dead in his school gym a year ago .  the family sues the funeral home that dealt with his remains .  family says the funeral home misled it , desecrated remains .  lawyer for funeral home says the suit has n't been served and he ca n't comment no .
 jury in fraud trial of nigella lawson assistants hear final arguments <sec> new : francesca grillo 's defense says nigella lawson was trying to hide a `` dark secret '' .  elisabetta grillo 's defense says she is victim of a battle between warring couple .  prosecution says two sisters should be found guilty of fraud .  elisabetta and francesca grillo deny embezzling money from lawson and saatch .
 witnesses describe use of force outside sanaa university <sec> new : demonstrations occur in taiz and ibb , too .  dozens are wounded outside sanaa university , witnesses say .  the government says guns were being smuggled into a `` weapon-free area '' .  protesters say food and blankets were being taken i .
 states where you can drive fast <sec> u.s. drivers face patchwork of speed limits across the nation .  parts of texas have speed limits of 80 miles per hour .  some researchers skeptical of link between accidents , high speed .
 why isis is luring so many americans - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the recruiting tactics used by isis differ from those traditionally employed by al qaeda .  isis benefits from a media environment that amplifies its propaganda , officials sa .
 judge wants to see tapes of alleged gitmo mistreatment <sec> order was issued in a suit brought by relatives of kuwaiti inmates at gitmo .  secret tapes show terror suspects being forcibly removed from their cells .  judge says he must see the tapes to decide whether they can be used as evidence .  he had issued three previous orders to speed up delivery or justify withholding the .
 aussie director delivers with tasmanian horror <sec> `` dying breed '' is an australian horror film set in the tasmanian jungle .  a group of researchers go looking for the tasmanian tiger but find cannibals instead .  director jody dwyer hopes he has delivered scares while avoiding horror cliches .  dwyer : `` i wanted to present characters that were credible .
 panetta : u.s. running out of patience with pakistan on militant havens <sec> new : pakistani military official says u.s. comments are a way to pile pressure on pakistan .  pakistan 's washington envoy says panetta 's remarks are unhelpful .  u.s. defense secretary : militants must not be able to use pakistan as a `` safety net '' .  panetta 's criticism of pakistan is not a significant change in tone , an analyst say .
 accused somali pirate arraigned in u.s. court <sec> indictment alleges eight counts that carry life sentence .  defense granted time to conduct its own investigation .  judge ruled earlier that piracy suspect will be tried as an adult .  abduwali abdukhadir muse has been identified as leader of ship hijackin .
 thailand anti-government demonstrators sleep on streets for protest <sec> new : about 60,000 protesters stayed out on the streets of bangkok overnight .  new : at their peak monday , they numbered as many as 170,000 , authorities say .  they have laid siege to major intersections in the thai capital .  the protesters are demanding that prime minister yingluck shinawatra step dow .
 family of girl needing transplant 'excited ' by judge 's ruling <sec> father says daughter has declined in past two days , but the ruling has them all excited .  parents say policy prevents many children under 12 from getting a transplant .  doctors say she could be saved with modified adult lungs .  sarah , 10 , has cystic fibrosis and may have just weeks to liv .
 devo , mullets and airline safety in delta 's latest video <sec> it 's blast from the 1980s past in this delta video .  make sure your nail polish is shiny when you buckle up .  a certain redhead shows up again in this vide .
 cleveland man indicted in decades-old killings of 2 women <sec> elias acevedo , 49 , was charged with 297 counts , including rape and murder .  acevedo pleaded guilty to strangling 30-year-old pamela pemberton .  he also was accused of killing christina adkins , who disappeared in 199 .
 researchers : jamestown settlers resorted to cannibalism <sec> remains of 14-year-old girl `` jane '' found from 17th century .  researchers say she was cannibalized , based on forensic analysis .  this supports the accounts that historians have that cannibalism was used for surviva .
 food crisis fears rise with commodities <sec> the world bank sounded the alarm this week on rising global food prices .  droughts in china have raised harvest worries in the world 's largest wheat producer .  about 10 % of the wheat fields in russia could n't be planted due to soil damage .  global food prices rose 29 % last year due to weather shocks such as the russian drough .
 women , swearing and the workplace <sec> profanity , candor are trademarks of carol bartz 's management style at yahoo .  `` it stands out because it 's not expected , '' professor says of her tendency to swear .  attention devoted to language reflects `` double-bind '' women face in corporate america .  e-mail announcing she was `` fired '' via phone `` brilliantly refreshing , '' author say .
 celebrities boost ice bucket challenge prank reward <sec> new : jennie mccarthy and donnie wahlberg offer to add to reward fund .  someone dumped urine and feces from a rooftop onto an autistic teen 's head .  mother : he did n't know what the contents were until afterward .  cleveland native drew carey first offered $ 10,000 to find those responsibl .
 flipkens back from the brink and into the big time <sec> belgium 's kirsten flipkens defeated 2011 winner petra kvitova .  marion bartoli beat sloane stephens to set up flipkens clash .  agnieszka radwanska will play sabine lisicki in other semifinal .  radwanska defeated li na while lisicki saw off kaia kanep .
 suspect arrested in slayings of oklahoma mom , 4 kids <sec> new : joshua steven durcho arrested after police chase in texas .  durcho suspected in deaths of woman , four kids in el reno , oklahoma .  friends and relatives describe victim summer rust as bright , outgoin .
 hpv vaccine , merck and rick perry 's money <sec> sheila krumholz , michael beckel say rick perry took heat over hpv vaccine position .  they say he claims $ 5,000 merck contribution did n't influence his support for vaccine .  but , they say , he 's gotten $ 28,500 from merck since 2001 ; his former aide lobbied for merck .  writers : now ex-aide runs pac to help fund perry 's campaign . .  what will donors want .
 iranian reformist demands investigation into treatment of detainees <sec> mehdi karrubi calls for investigation in letter to rafsanjani posted on web site .  he said he is willing to lead the investigation in a `` truthful , unbiased fashion '' .  karrubi sites brutal beatings , torture and rapes of both men and women detained .  mehdi karrubi was one of the candidates in june 's disputed presidential electio .
 from $ 80,000 a year to eviction : hard times in america <sec> detroit woman goes to job fair ; stunned by the hundreds of professionals in line .  `` i never imagined in a million years that i would be in such a situation '' .  clinical psychologist advises people not to panic , to try to remain optimistic .  `` bad times pass , and it 's sometimes hard to see that , '' dr. rosalind dorlen sai .
 british helicopters grounded for repair after canada crash <sec> canadian authorities warn sikorsky-92 a helicopters need gearbox part replaced .  faa to issue emergency directive ordering repair , canadian safety board says .  four british coastguard helicopters grounded in scotland to replace a part .  sikorsky-92 a crashed last week off newfoundland ; 17 people die .
 all hail jackie chan , king of comedy kung fu ! <sec> action star jackie chan is famed for combining humor with martial arts .  his new film `` the forbidden kingdom '' is first pairing with kung fu star jet li .  chan holds the guinness world record for `` most stunts by a living actor '' .  he has suffered a litany of horror injuries over his 30-year movie caree .
