 bill cosby honored for comedy , social influence <sec> mark twain prize is awarded to performers who use comedy to influence society .  bill cosby refused award twice because poor language was used to honor richard pryor .  past recipients include george carlin , billy crystal , steve martin and whoopi goldber .
 security breach threatens soldiers ' , civilians ' personal info <sec> employee 's laptop containing personal data was stolen over holiday weekend .  army says data guarded by layers of security and encryption .  military sent letter to those affected two weeks after theft .  risk assessment forced lag in announcement , military say .
 katrina survivor : 'i was gon na blow myself away ' <sec> katrina left st. bernard parish , once home to 67,000 , virtually uninhabitable .  liz mccartney moved from washington to new orleans to help rebuild homes .  she and her boyfriend started st. bernard project , focusing on seniors , familie .
 the world 's most hi-tech hotels <sec> in one new york hotel , a robot stores your luggage .  in ibiza , you pay the check via fingerprint .  in a chicago hotel , sensors tweak room heat according to your body temperature .  but if you still ca n't work the hotel safe , these places could mean troubl .
 box office report : 'taken 2 ' nabs no . 1 for second weekend <sec> `` taken 2 '' kicked its way back into the top slot for a second weekend .  but film it still dropped 54.6 percent from its $ 49.5 million opening weekend .  ben affleck 's `` argo '' came in secon .
 a stroll through post-colonial williamsburg <sec> williamsburg , brooklyn , gets its fair share of criticism .  some people find it too trendy or played out , but it still has a lot to offer .  visitors are likely to experience it as eccentric and strangely charmin .
 new day , new questions for ukraine <sec> new : u.s. asks russia to accept changes in ukraine , work to move country forward .  yulia tymoshenko , freed from prison , says no to future prime minister slot .  government say it does n't know where ousted president viktor yanukovych is .  official from yanukovych 's party blames him for `` robbery and deception .
 worker exposed to dangerous bacteria at monkey lab <sec> the cdc says bacteria are not likely to be a threat to the general population .  burkholderia pseudomallei can cause can cause melioidosis , or whitmore 's diseas .
 glove , other michael jackson items fetch $ 2 million <sec> among items auctioned saturday : jacket , song lyrics , sketches , dental mold .  famous rhinestone-studded glove fetched $ 420,000 .  hat 's letter of verification signed by jackson 's ex-wife lisa marie presle .
 pet store owner arrested in brothers ' deaths <sec> pet store owner jean-claude savoie arrested in connection with 2013 deaths of young brothers .  connor and noah barthe were strangled by a 100-pound python that escaped from savoie 's pet store .  the boys were at a sleepover at savoie 's apartment above the pet stor .
 iraq bombings : 13 killed , dozens hurt <sec> six car bombs explode in five neighborhoods across baghdad .  bombings happen within two-hour span , police sa .
 new video shows diana 's final hours <sec> new : jury shown new footage of diana taken hours before her death .  diana and dodi fayed inquest jury to hear `` scene setting '' evidence .  on tuesday coroner outlined controversial claims , published new images .  court will make final decision on what happened in car crash 10 years ag .
 unemployed workers heading back to school <sec> many community colleges have cut or frozen tuition for laid-off workers .  scholarships and other forms of financial assistance have been made available .  applications spike has burdened some schools with already strained resources .  goal is to support lifelong learning , says pennsylvania community college presiden .
 austerity drives up suicide rate in debt-ridden greece <sec> suicide rate in greece jumped 40 % year-on-year in first five months of 2011 .  apostolos polyzonis set himself on fire outside his bank last year after falling into financial trouble .  polyzonis : `` i had lost my right to be a free greek '' .  dimitris christoulas shot himself wednesday in central athens during morning rush hou .
 powerful earthquake strikes near mexico 's baja peninsula <sec> there are no immediate reports of damage .  the epicenter is about 50 miles north of la paz , mexic .
 uruguay passes same-sex adoption law <sec> new : expected senate approval follows passage of bill by the lower chamber .  new : law paves way for gays , lesbians to start a family , montevideo resident says .  lawmakers already approved measure letting children 12 or older to change names .  measure was not without opponents from conservatives and clerg .
 opinion : is the social web an asteroid for the google dinosaur ? <sec> social media and government challenge google 's internet dominance of internet economy .  google is relentless about its desire to make itself the center of the new social world .  keen : google is trying too hard to transform itself into a social company .  keen : 2012 will be remembered as the year when google 's fortunes began to wan .
 regular flu season precautions advised in current outbreak <sec> take standard flu season precautions to avoid infection , cdc advises .  chief risk factor is traveling to areas where swine flu has been identified .  no vaccine for new strain exists but antiviral drugs can shorten duratio .
 daniel ricciardo sets the pace in spain as ailing lewis hamilton toughs it out <sec> daniel ricciardo sets fastest time in second day of testing at circuit de catalunya .  red bull star edges out kimi raikkonen and felipe massa .  world champion lewis hamilton shrugs off sickness to complete 89-lap afternoon stint .  formula one season starts next month in australi .
 white house struggles to find hagel successor - cnnpolitics.com <sec> chuck hagel resigned this week .  hagel stepped down after meetings made clear obama did n't want him on the job .  white house is having a hard time finding a successo .
 southern sudan votes to split from the north <sec> the final results of january 's vote were announced monday .  98.83 % of southerners voted for the split .  it will create the world 's newest nation .  sudan 's north and south have been at war for two decade .
 hurricane paloma strengthens as it heads to caymans <sec> new : cayman island residents flee homes for shelters , fortified buildings .  paloma has 115-mph winds ; storm-surge flooding expected in caymans .  evacuations under way in parts of cuba ; safety advisories issued .  projected path would steer hurricane away from u.s. mainlan .
 protests against arizona immigration law go nationwide <sec> rallies unfold in cities across the u.s. against arizona 's new immigration .  u.s. rep. luis gutierrez , d-illinois , was arrested during a rally in washington .  gutierrez and others were protesting outside the white house on saturday .  about 1,000 people gathered in new york city 's union square on saturday afternoo .
 tornadoes , storms kill 6 in oklahoma , kansas <sec> tornado warning lifted in joplin , missouri .  a young child is missing in oklahoma city .  two are killed during kansas storms .  1,200 people jam into shelter in oklahoma city subur .
 violence mars mexico 's independence day celebration <sec> new : death toll rises to eight in two blasts , official says ; more than 100 wounded .  new : mexican president says federal officials will help investigate .  explosions occurred during independence day celebration in moreli .
 more than 800 migrants rescued from mediterranean <sec> more than 800 migrants have been rescued south of lampedusa .  the migrants were in four boats trying to reach the italian island .  200 others were rescued the day befor .
 childhood cancer awareness : light gold for cole <sec> tony stoddard 's son cole died at age 5 from neuroblastoma , a common childhood cancer .  stoddard promised cole he would do `` something big '' someday .  he 's asking buildings to light up with the color gold in honor of childhood cancer awarenes .
 egypt to charge 43 over ngos <sec> new : the state department says it is `` deeply concerned '' .  the defendants include the son of u.s. transportation secretary ray lahood .  they are charged with illegal foreign funding , authorities say .  the charges follow raids in late december on the offices of 10 ngo .
 'finding jesus ' : judas q & a ; <sec> religion professor mark goodacre appears in each episode of the progra .
 australia and the great indian uranium sale debate <sec> hiscock : if elected , abbott and rudd will likely adopt different positions towards india .  sales of uranium , which india seeks , is a touchstone issue in the australia-india relationship .  abbott has stated that india is the emerging superpower australia will never take `` for granted '' .  rudd , a former diplomat to beijing , is seen as more reluctant to sell uranium to indi .
 syria has met first chemical weapons destruction deadline , opcw says <sec> new : syrian minister has reportedly asked inspectors spare 12 factories .  defense consultant skeptical , says only `` self-declared equipment '' destroyed .  opcw : syria has destroyed all its declared chemical weapons mixing , production facilities .  next step will be approval of a plan to destroy syria 's chemical weapons stockpile , opcw say .
 how rebels in ukraine built up their arsenal <sec> rebels have downed ukrainian planes flying at high altitudes .  a pro-russian rebel commander shows off anti-aircraft missiles .  the border region with russia is very porous , unguarded in many places .  some contend that larger weapons have come into ukraine from russi .
 'mr . spock ' in irs video apologizes for 'embarrassing ' mistake <sec> new : new irs head says more information coming on targeting .  a house committee looks at wasteful irs spending at a $ 4 million conference in 2010 .  an inspector general 's report disclosed the spending on hotels , gifts and parody videos .  the hearing is the seventh by congress in recent weeks on irs controversie .
 politics of fear invade midterm campaigns <sec> gop reviving politics of fear as nation worries about terror threat .  former sen. max cleland tells cnn : `` that 's exactly what they did to me .
 5-year-old boy hacks dad 's xbox account <sec> a 5-year-old california boy hacked his father 's xbox live account .  kristoffer von hassel was playing games he was n't supposed to play .  microsoft has fixed the exploit and credited kristoffer .  dad : `` i thought that was pretty cool .
 4 bodies found after fire hits ex-tennis pro james blake 's leased home <sec> new : fire was `` started intentionally by an unknown accelerant , '' official says .  new : two victims had upper body trauma .  new : two adults are found in one bedroom , and teenage children in their own bedrooms .  former tennis pro james blake , 34 , owns the house but was leasing i .
 murray wins historic first grand slam title at u.s. open <sec> andy murray becomes the first british man to win a grand slam in 76 years .  the scot won the five-set thriller despite surrendering a two-set lead .  murray won the gold medal earlier in the summer at the london olympics .  murray will now replace the injured rafael nadal as world number .
 how i got here : from music student to jazz master <sec> jason moran performs jazz all over the world and also teaches music to the next generation .  he says in the jazz world , a `` village '' helps the younger generation by providing guidance from the older generatio .
 can chris brown 's career survive ? <sec> many question whether chris brown 's career can survive felony charges .  fans flood message boards with anger after alleged brutality revealed .  former pr rep for octuplet mom says brown will have to work to regain reputation .  radio personality : `` no parent is going to support their child listening to his music .
 137 children removed from polygamist ranch <sec> new : number of people removed from ranch grows to 183 , including 137 children .  18 children are in protective custody .  authorities served search , arrest warrants to members of polygamist sect .  jeffs in arizona jail awaiting trial ; sentenced to 10 years in prison last yea .
 how the skies tell head if business will be sunny or gloomy <sec> head reported a 13.1 % decline in sportswear sales in the first quarter of 2013 .  the summer has grandslam success with british tennis player andy murray using a head racquet to win wimbledon .  head ceo eliasch believes the economic program in japan will resuscitate the country 's stalled econom .
 charles keating , 'another world ' actor , dies at 72 <sec> charles keating had lung cancer , his son said .  he appeared on soaps 'another world , ' 'as the world turns ' and 'all my children ' .  his family will have an irish celebration ceremony on keating 's birthday .  actress alicia coppola credits him as one of her mentor .
 tourists navigate chaos with concern <sec> tourists are waiting at a hotel near the cairo airport for flights out .  gunshots can be heard in the streets .  another group traveling with `` grannies on safari '' is stuck in luxo .
 english premier league 's hidden costs revealed <sec> premier league clubs spent $ 123 million of agents fees between october 1 2011 and september 30 2012 .  records show an increase from previous year 's total of $ 115 million .  manchester city are highest spenders after paying out $ 17 million .  premier league newcomers southampton at the bottom of the pil .
 army declares martial law in thailand <sec> military says it wants to bring stability after protests and prime minister 's removal .  analyst : military is trying to persuade protesters to go home , `` dial down the tensions '' .  government aide calls situation `` half a coup d'etat , '' says military 's action was unilateral .  thailand 's army has declared martial law but stresses the move is not a cou .
 in tech world , women ignored <sec> soraya chemaly : twitter , on verge of ipo , is under fire with leadership that 's virtually all men .  she says it reflects larger dearth of women in tech , media fields -- 6 % of tech ceos are women .  she says sexism abounds in male-dominated field and guides investment , leaving women out .  chemaly : controlling women 's access makes men keepers of speech , keeps sexist status qu .
 seat recline legroom fight diverts another flight <sec> delta air lines flight diverted after seat recline issue .  airline passengers who recline their seats are facing blowback in the air .  it 's the third diversion over seat reclining in two week .
 honduran opposition candidate alleges fraud <sec> electoral officials declared ruling party candidate juan hernandez winner .  but opposition candidate xiomara castro alleges fraud .  she wants a full recount to look for irregularitie .
 3 suspects with al qaeda ties arrested in morocco cafe bombing <sec> the interior ministry says the suspects are moroccan .  the april 28 bombing killed 16 people at a popular marrakech cafe .  the suspects used the internet to learn to make the bombs , the ministry say .
 prostitute charged in tech exec 's heroin death <sec> an alleged prostitute has been charged in the death of a google exec .  forrest timothy hayes , 51 , was found dead on his yacht .  police say alix tichleman , 26 , was on video footage .  they say she injected hayes with heroin and then left casuall .
 is class the new race ? <sec> fast-food workers scheduled protests across the country this week .  john sutter : class seems to be the social justice issue of our time .  it 's been 50 years since the `` march on washington for jobs and freedom '' .  economic justice remains a distant dream for many , sutter say .
 hollywood brings out big guns for a superhero summer <sec> hollywood bringing back box-office juggernauts iron man , batman and spider-man .  2012 may be a peak year for superheroes on film , with much more to come .  writer-director : dc comics characters often face more challenges than marvel .  ' '' the genre has been popular for decades and is here to stay , '' boxofficeguru.com editor say .
 bp resumes pumping mud in attempt to cap oil well <sec> new : `` top kill '' efforts will continue until at least sunday morning , bp says .  officials will triple the manpower where oil has hit shore , obama says .  `` this has already been the largest cleanup effort in u.s. history , '' obama says .  bp uses `` junk shot '' in effort to clog oil wel .
 wisconsin activists create walkerville to taunt governor , tout change <sec> a tent city has sprung up in madison in what progressives are calling walkerville .  it 's part of a 2-week rally aimed at critiquing the policies of wisconsin republicans .  gov . .  scott walker is a darling of the conservative movement for cost-cutting plan .
 u.s. deports former nazi guard to austria <sec> josias krumpf lived for years in wisconsin before being deported to austria .  the 83 year old admits he shot survivors during a masscare in poland in 1943 .  the u.s. revoked his citizenship in 2005 , deported him to austria this week .  his removal is part of a u.s. effort to identify and prosecute nazi war criminal .
 nigeria militants 'repel attack , kill troops ' <sec> militants in nigeria 's oil-rich southern delta region say they killed 6 soldiers .  deaths came after military attacked one of militants ' camps .  largest rebel group has targeted foreign oil companies since 200 .
 the foodies rebuilding johannesburg <sec> gourmet food markets are revitalizing johannesburg 's most depressed neighborhoods .  markets offer a mix of local and global cuisines , along with clothing and art stall .
 report : tsunami warning funds squandered in american samoa <sec> 34 people died in last month 's tsunami that smashed into american samoa .  dhs inspectors say funds for a warning system were improperly diverted .  investigators : some funds used to pay for flat screen tvs and trips to las vegas .  the results of this special investigation on ac 360° , 10 et tonigh .
 two suspects charged with shooting of ice agent in texas <sec> ice agent kelton harrison was shot tuesday morning near hargill , texas .  he and other agents were conducting surveillance relating to an anticipated narcotics deal .  a 41-year-old man and his 18-year-old son were arrested and charged in the shooting .  harrison survived the shooting but underwent an operation and is still hospitalize .
 family of slain woman hopes van der sloot 's trial brings healing <sec> joran van der sloot is in jail awaiting trial for the slaying of stephany flores .  dutch citizen , 22 , is also lead suspect in natalee holloway 's disappearance .  van der sloot 's hearing set for next monda .
 arrest warrant issued for ex-husband in model 's slaying <sec> body of jasmine fiore , 28 , found saturday stuffed into a suitcase inside a dumpster .  ryan alexander jenkins , a reality tv contestant , is sought in her slaying .  authorities believe jenkins has crossed into canada from washington .  fiore 's teeth had been extracted and her fingers remove .
 no signs of 'dead zone ' in gulf , feds say <sec> deep-water oxygen levels are down but not deadly , report concludes .  the study tracked dissolved oxygen levels from may to august .  latest federal report does n't address the spill 's `` broad ecoystem consequences '' .  bp 's report on the disaster is scheduled for release wednesda .
 9/11 responders with rare cancer denied coverage <sec> nearly 3,000 cases of 9/11-related cancer among first responders and civilians .  a growing number are being diagnosed with oropharyngeal cancer .  insurance coverage depends on latency period defined by wtc health progra .
 myanmar signs deal with foreign creditors <sec> myanmar cleared bulk of $ 11.3b in outstanding foreign debts .  myanmar reached agreements with paris club creditors , world bank , adb .  paris club agreement cancels at least 50 % of further $ 4.4b in bilateral deb .
