 amanpour : what the world wants of obama <sec> world has long wish list for barack obama when he becomes president .  solving problems will need creative diplomacy and courage , amanpour says .  middle east , iran and kashmir all need attention .  amanpour asks if world nations will rise to help u.s. or just carp from sideline .
 i 'm a muslim , and i hate terrorism <sec> dean obeidallah says `` despise '' is not strong enough to convey how much he hates terrorism .  he says islam is being wrongly defined by a tiny group of morally bankrupt terrorists .  american muslims have denounced terror over and over , he says , but public has n't heard .  terrorists are motivated by politics , he says . .  not one muslim he knows supports terro .
 high court debates implications of poisoned paramour case <sec> the case involves a woman convicted of federal charges related to chemical weapons .  bond found out her husband and best friend were having an affair , and a baby .  justices mull bond 's standing to argue that her case should have been decided in state court .
 reno medical center shooter identified <sec> new : shooter left a letter indicating his intent .  new : he had had surgery in 2010 and claimed he was having adverse symptoms .  city official identifies third victim as dr. christine lajeunesse .  dr. charles gholdoian killed , and patient shawntae spears is in critical condition , police sa .
 kristen bell : wan na hold my baby ? get vaxxed ! <sec> kristen bell : 'i believe in trusting doctors , not know-it-alls ' .  some people on west coast not vaccinating their childre .
 from the nicu to the moon photos imagine bright future <sec> `` from the nicu to the moon '' envisions prenatal babies in future professions .  the photos are part of a larger campaign to encourage `` safe sleeping '' at home .  accidental suffocation or strangulation in bed is leading cause of sudden infant deaths .  `` our nicu babies are poised to make a big impact on the world , '' one nurse sai .
 u.n. to consider call for syrian president to step down <sec> new : france 's foreign minister will try to persuade the u.n. `` to fully assume its responsibilities '' .  clinton calls on the u.n. security council to show syrians `` we stand with you '' .  monday 's death toll reaches 100 , an opposition group says .  syria 's interior ministry says security forces are conducting operations against terrorist .
 adebayor slams 'outrageous ' decision to ban his team <sec> togo captain emmanuel adebayor slams decision to ban his team from next two africa cup of nations .  adebayor says decision by caf 'outrageous ' and calls on their president to quit .  togo pulled out of tournament this month after terrorist attack on their bus killed three .  african governing body caf decided decision to recall team was political interferenc .
 what beijing can learn from la in air pollution fight <sec> china is a `` poster boy '' for environmental degradation .  president obama recently took a swipe at beijing 's bad air .  los angeles ' battle with air pollution could hold lessons for china , says city 's mayor .  garcetti says china can tackle smog without sacrificing growt .
 scientists fight to save the last java gibbons <sec> west java is home to about 150 of the remaining 4,000 java gibbons .  world wildlife fund : gibbons are most endangered of ape species .  conservation international tries to rehabilitate gibbons .  indonesia holds the `` highest deforestation '' title in 2008 guinness record boo .
 romney tells donors he 's considering 2016 bid - cnnpolitics.com <sec> mitt romney told donors friday that he 's considering a third presidential bid in 2016 .  his comments come in the wake of jeb bush 's stepped-up political activit .
 superb india wrap up first test victory <sec> india blew bangladesh away with a strong display in the field on the fifth day of the first test match .  the tourists wrapped up a 113-run win in chittagong to take an early lead in the series .  mushfiqur rahim had delayed the end with101 , the fastest-ever century by a bangladesh batsma .
 alves signs barcelona contract extension <sec> barcelona defender dani alves has signed a new contract with the club .  the brazilian international has agreed a three-year extension to his current deal .  alves , 27 , is now contracted to the spanish champions until june 30 2015 .  alves moved to the camp nou from spanish rivals sevilla for 29.5 million euros in 200 .
 three dead in plane-helicopter collision in maryland <sec> maryland state police say it `` appeared '' to be an in-flight collision .  two people were taken to the hospital but soon discharged .  tower control operator told plane pilot there were three helicopters `` below '' the plane .  helicopter was involved in a training exercise at time of cras .
 how to make mines safer <sec> former coal miner mark radomsky had close call with death ; grandfather killed in mine .  people with close ties to mining laud and defend it , the safety expert says .  mining produces wealth , raw materials , lifts people out of poverty , he says .  safety very difficult , he writes ; miners need management to be fully committe .
 noriega : u.s. , other countries benefited from my fight against drugs <sec> noriega : i had a once-strong relationship with the u.s . .  `` i was especially in contact with the cia , '' he tells court .  noriega testified in spanish , stood for a total of 5 hours .  his money-laundering trial is expected to wrap up wednesda .
 buffett slakes deal appetite with heinz <sec> warren buffett teams up with brazilian billionaire to buy u.s. ketchup maker heinz .  brazil 's jorge paulo lemann is main backer of private equity firm 3g capital .  buffet 's berkshire hathaway conglomerate looking to put $ 48 bn cash pile to work .  buffett : 'ready for another elephant ' and on lookout for more acquisition .
 doctors without borders banned in myanmar state over 'rohingya bias ' <sec> medecins sans frontieres has been banned from rakhine state , myanmar .  myanmar 's government accuses it of bias towards the persecuted rohingya minority .  the ngo says it provides care regardless of religious or ethnic affiliation .  rakhine state is home to the majority of myanmar 's rohingya , a stateless muslim grou .
 morales : government will take over for dea in bolivia <sec> evo morales says he has suspended dea 's work in bolivia .  u.s. agency says it has n't been officially notified of any suspension .  morales removed dea agents from coca-growing region this year .  u.s. and bolivia have also been involved in ambassador squabbl .
 99 cans of beer in a pack <sec> austin beerworks releases a 99-pack of one of its beers .  the pack costs $ 99 and weighs more than 80 pounds .  the brewery sells out of the multipack on the first da .
 mayors say towns in shock over slaying spree <sec> mayor says he coached gunman in t-ball , little league .  `` the whole community is still in shock , '' mayor says .  killings show that even in small towns , `` we are not shielded .
 tsa screener spilled grandfather 's ashes , then laughed about it , indiana man says <sec> john gross was carrying his grandfather 's ashes through airport security .  he says a tsa screener accidentally spilled the ashes , then laughed off the incident .  gross says he 's received a `` heartfelt '' apology from a tsa administrator .  but he wants to hear directly from the screener , and he wants security tapes release .
 pangolin : wildlife trafficking psa airs in vietnam <sec> john sutter : anti-poaching psa airs in vietnam because of cnn readers .  readers donated more than $ 20,000 for pangolin conservatio .
 mexican official : explosion , fire did n't cause deadly helicopter crash <sec> new : rural crash area had clouds and reduced visibility .  new : `` these are difficult times , '' president says at public funeral .  investigators do n't find evidence of an explosion or a fire aboard the aircraft .  mexican interior minister jose francisco blake mora dies with seven other .
 thousands displaced after heavy rains strike brazil <sec> flooding , landslides wreak havoc across southern brazil .  five people have died , dozens hurt in weather-related incidents .  sixty-seven municipalities in santa catarina have declared states of emergenc .
 'guiding light ' canceled after 72 years <sec> `` guiding light '' originally was radio serial on nbc , debuted in 1937 .  show moved to cbs , which put it on tv in 1952 .  last episode of show to air september 18 .  kevin bacon among the stars who got their start on sho .
 swiss and belgians shake up world cup seedings <sec> switzerland are among eight seeded teams for the 2014 fifa world cup in brazil .  brazil , spain , germany , argentina , colombia , belgium and switzerland all seeded .  uruguay could be usurped by netherlands if they lose world cup playoff to jordan .  italy and england both miss out on seedings , portugal and france in playoff .
 request to photograph boston bombing suspect denied <sec> lawyers for dzhokhar tsarnaev wanted to take photos of him while in custody .  photos intended to document bombing suspect 's mental and physical condition .  magistrate said any photos would have to be shared with prosecutors .  tsarnaev charged in marathon bombing that killed three , injured more than 26 .
 where does your baby sleep ? <sec> aap : bed-sharing associated with an increase in sudden infant death syndrome .  study : sids rates to be lower in countries where co-sleeping is the norm .  survey : few moms planned on co-sleeping , but 42 percent ended up doing so .  there is no perfect sleep solutio .
 15 of the world 's most spectacular theaters <sec> tokyo 's national noh theatre has a subtitling system for each seat that can be changed from japanese to english .  minack theatre is an open-air stone venue looking out to the celtic sea .  germany 's largest theater , tonhalle düsseldorf , was the world 's biggest planetarium when it opened in 192 .
 veteran u.s. diplomat crocker facing drunken driving , hit-and-run charges <sec> police say crocker hit a vehicle , spun out , then drove away from the scene .  ryan crocker has been u.s. ambassador to lebanon , syria , pakistan , iraq and other nations .  he left as u.s. ambassador to afghanistan in july for `` health reasons , '' officials said .  in august , he was charged with hit-and-run and drunken driving in spokane , documents sho .
 some google employees defect , then rebel <sec> some google employees are leaving to create or join rival businesses .  notable defections include engineers building programs that spike google ads .  google says its attrition rate has n't changed in seven year .
 the fall of the berlin wall : u.s. never had it so good ? <sec> in wake of fall of berlin wall , united states ' prestige was at a major high .  25 years on , u.s. still most powerful country in the world , but status has diminished .  post-cold war vision of liberal , capitalist , democratic states living in peace dashe .
 two doctors fight for their own choice of how to die <sec> dan swangard , a physician , wants to be able to control when and how his life ends .  a recent survey reveals 54 percent of american doctors support assisted suicid .
 charge your phone with renewable energy <sec> 18-watt solar chargers can charge a typical cell phone battery in 30 minutes .  this year nokia debuted a bike charger kit that works with nokia phones .  remember that any nonstandard product combination is likely to yield some bad experience .
 u.n. approves peacekeepers for central african republic <sec> council approves deployment of 11,800 peacekeepers to central african republic .  citizens must heed lessons from rwandan genocide , u.n. chief ban ki-moon says .  ban : `` there has been total impunity -- zero accountability . .  this must change '' .  about 2.2 million people are in need of humanitarian aid , united nations say .
 coast guard blames bounty loss on management , captain <sec> release of report dredges up dark memories for bounty shipwreck survivor .  coast guard : management and captain failed to exercise `` proper responsibility , judgment '' .  the half-century old , 180-foot wooden sailing ship sank in 2012 in hurricane sandy .  an inexperienced deckhand died and the captain 's body was never found ; 14 crew survive .
 bulgaria explosion comes amid growing iranian-israeli tension <sec> israel claims iran is behind explosion on bulgarian bus .  it also has blamed tehran for attacks on diplomats .  iran has pointed to israel in scientist death .
 egyptian army chief hints at run for higher office <sec> egypt 's army chief gen. abdel fattah el-sisi says he may run for president .  but only if the people want him to , he says .  a referendum on a new constitution could usher in election .
 arab league calls for unity government in syria <sec> new : the syrian government rejects the proposal , sana reports .  the opposition syrian national council says president al-assad should step down .  the arab league will take its plan to the u.n. in a bid to build support .  the unity government should prepare for elections , the arab league say .
 midwest storms leave 6 dead , cause widespread damage <sec> missouri governor declares a state of emergency following storms .  25 homes were destroyed in phelps county , missouri .  midwest storms have left at least six people dead , officials say .  storms caused heavy damage in the region surrounding st. loui .
 nation 's most endangered historic places <sec> a military club for african-american officers is in danger of demolition , the trust says .  the river abutting the first permanent english settlement in america is in jeopardy .  the structures of a significant alaska salmon canning factory need to be stabilize .
 google music : itunes for android or something more ? <sec> by offering mp3s , google music can be used on a host of devices .  some tech writers were cool to google 's rollout , saying it 's nothing new .  but google music gives android devices an itunes-like optio .
 hawaii sailor finds message in a bottle sent from japan 5 years ago <sec> petty officer jon moore finds the bottle during a clean up project in hawaii .  the bottle has a note and origami flowers .  the letter was sent by a sixth-grader five years ago .  `` i 'll definitely respond , '' sailor say .
 mothers in los angeles school child sex abuse case sue district <sec> fourteen mothers suffer `` shock and trauma '' as result of a school 's child sex abuse case .  at least one mom says she does n't want money , but rather justice and reform .  five of the 14 kids are also victims in criminal case against a former teacher , attorney says .  former teacher mark berndt of miramonte elementary faces 23 felony lewd acts upon childre .
 losing a brain tumor and gaining perspective <sec> `` new day '' digital producer jessica moskowitz was diagnosed with a brain tumor in september .  moskowitz , then 28 , was at work when she began to feel strange symptoms and was rushed to the hospital .  after surgery and ongoing rehabilitation , she says , she gained an appreciation for life she 'd never ha .
 rafael nadal clinches record ninth french open title <sec> rafael nadal wins french open for record ninth time .  beats novak djokovic in four-set final .  victory confirms nadal in world number one spot .  djokovic still searching for first french open titl .
 bhutto 's niece wants end to 'dynastic ' politics <sec> benazir bhutto 's niece : pakistan 's democratic forces only `` prop up dictatorships '' .  fatima bhutto , who was estranged from aunt , says country is run by power grabbers .  her goal : empower pakistan 's masses , end cycle of `` dynastic '' cronyism .  the columnist , author and poet is a critic of pervez musharraf 's governmen .
 navy seals take back control of hijacked tanker <sec> new : militia leader accuses the u.s. of violating international maritime law by seizing tanker .  libya says it asked for u.s. help , thanks washington for sending in seals .  the libyan government and rebels jockey over oil revenues .  rebels sailed with the tanker from the port of as-sidra last wee .
 sydney storms batter the city <sec> quarter million people without power in sydney and nearby areas .  a large storm system brought damaging winds and flooding to parts of australia .  the flooding is affecting public transportation services , residential and coastal area .
 bolt sprints to olympic gold <sec> `` it means one step towards being a legend , '' bolt says of his win .  usain bolt is the first sprinter since carl lewis to defend an olympic 100-meter title .  andy murray routs roger federer for tennis gold , redemption .  u.s. vault champ errs , wins silve .
 'ice age : continental drift ' wins the weekend with $ 46 mil <sec> fox 's `` ice age : continental drift '' is the fourth film in the `` ice age '' franchise .  `` the amazing spider-man '' came in second at the box office during the weekend .  `` ted , '' with mark wahlberg and mila kunis , took thir .
 chelsea suffers home humiliation <sec> chelsea loses at home against bottom of table queens park rangers .  former chelsea player shaun wright-phillips scores only goal of the game .  luis suarez scores twice as liverpool wins 3-0 .  everton comes from behind to defeat newcastle 2- .
 what facebook will do with instagram <sec> facebook acquired the popular photo-sharing site instagram for $ 1 billion .  andrew mayer : deal will gain facebook users and a stronger hook in the mobile market .  he says the real use of instagram is to help facebook grow its advertising revenue .  mayer : it 's a smart move for facebook to try to create a more personal marketing experienc .
 jurors in philadelphia abortion doctor trial hear final arguments <sec> new : `` are you human ? '' .  prosecutor asks gosnell during closing argument .  lawyer for abortion doctor on trial for murder delivers 2 1/2-hour closing argument .  prosecutors used `` hype , exaggeration '' against dr. kermit gosnell , 72 , he says .  gosnell is accused of killing babies born alive during illegal abortion .
 nfl : end the blackouts ( opinion ) <sec> mccain , blumenthal : nfl game blackouts are unfair to fans .  they say fcc should vote to end rule that permits the blackouts when stadiums are n't full .  nfl already benefits by laws that enable it to be a nonprofit , they say .  point : blacking out games does n't help ticket sale .
 secrets of the world 's healthiest women <sec> french women tend to walk everywhere instead of attempting to get to the gym .  the nordic diet and way of life produces low rates of obesity .  on okinawa , they practice hara hachi bu , or eating until 80 % ful .
 american activists in pakistan to protest u.s. drone strikes <sec> new : an activist says the group is in pakistan to apologize for `` the killing and suffering '' .  the protesters plan to wear pink clothes , carry banners and recite anti-drone chants .  the organization , code pink , has organized u.s. antiwar demonstrations .  the drone strike program in pakistan has long been controversia .
 forced labor fuels development , u.s. report finds <sec> state department report documents human trafficking .  slavery rampant in industries in brazil , china , india , report says .  u.s. allies in persian gulf have dismal record , according to report .  withholding of passports , threats , physical and sexual abuse reporte .
 keeper de gea joins manchester united <sec> spain under-21 goalkeeper david de gea to sign five-year contract at manchester united .  english champions agree deal with atletico madrid for the 20-year-old .  de gea is expected to replace united 's retired dutchman edwin van der sar .  his under-21 teammate thiago alcantara signs new contract at barcelon .
 angelina jolie and 'pope boat ' to the rescue : mission improbable ? <sec> angelina jolie speaks to syrian refugees at malta naval base .  thousands of migrants drown crossing mediterranean .  wealthy couple buy rescue boat inspired by pope francis .  high-tech vessel cruises sea looking for migrants in troubl .
 chuck hagel : quick response needed if syria used chemical weapons <sec> new : secretary of state kerry talks with syria 's foreign minister on chemical weapon claim .  new : he told him syria should have allowed access to site , rather than still be attacking it .  u.s. defense secretary : if al-assad used chemical weapons once , he may do so again .  u.s. military planners update target lists for fighters or cruise missile .
 quicker fix for climate change <sec> tseming yang : result of doha climate change conference less than desirable .  yang : it 's time to abandon the myth that a consensus solution is the best approach .  he says the 25 major carbon emitters should work out an agreement among themselves .  yang : smaller , focused discussions may be better than large , u.n.-style gathering .
 drugs and murder fuel 'narco cinema ' <sec> vbs crew explores `` seedy '' film genre funded by mexican drug cartels .  drugs , women , bad cops and big trucks are hallmarks of b movie features .  vbs co-founder lands impromptu role in film that was shooting at the time of his repor .
