 luxury hotels in balancing act with price , image <sec> occupancy in luxury hotels dropped 15 percent from december to february .  executives are avoiding meetings at fancy resorts to cut costs and appear frugal .  luxury hotels are offering free nights and spa credits to attract new customers .  rates at luxury hotels in las vegas , nevada , have dropped 30 percen .
 new york is still the 24 hour city <sec> the original 24-hour city has plenty of offer for first- or tenth-time visitors .  fuel up for the day with a typical nyc breakfast and head to lower manhattan .  mid-town sights and shopping can provide plenty to delight and distract .  it remains an international city where you can make your own adventure .
 the world 's greatest super-yachts <sec> the world 's largest privately owned super-yacht is dubai , which is 160m long .  some super-yachts boast pools , helipads , jacuzzis and submarines .  roman abramovich is rumored to be building a new boat -- with two helipads .  the fort lauderdale boat show gets underway at the end of octobe .
 sandy said what presidential candidates were afraid to say <sec> carl safina : presidential candidates afraid to talk of impact of climate change .  sandy may be first storm that could change an ongoing presidential campaign , he says .  federal flood insurance enables development in environmentally threatened areas , he says .  safina : we 've had warnings before , but have n't acted to deal with rising sea leve .
 a weekend of travel tragedies <sec> new : dozens are injured when two trains collide in switzerland .  new : victims of a spanish train crash are honored at a memorial .  a youth pastor and his pregnant wife are killed when a bus flips in indiana .  a bus packed with pilgrims plunges off a bridge in italy , killing 3 .
 newsquiz : week of february 25 <sec> use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student news .  write your answers in the space provided .  today 's newsquiz includes the media literacy question of the da .
 self-help books are n't all bunk : how stephen covey helped me <sec> amanda enayati discovered self-help books after moving to a new country as a child .  author stephen covey died this week ; enayati says he offered valuable advice .  many dismiss self-help products as trite , but they generate $ 11 billion in profits each yea .
 chavez orders nationalization of banco de venezuela <sec> banco de venezuela 's spanish owner asked for permission to sell , chavez says .  chavez refused prospective buyer and seller 's request for sale .  bank now will be `` at the service of venezuela , '' chavez say .
 house gop failed women on violence against women act <sec> patty murray : house gop stalled renewal of violence against women act .  she says bill provided new protections for immigrants , lgbt americans .  she says in partisan move , house then passed a bill stripping out new protections .  murray : some gop in house say bill could pass if brought to vote . .  women need house to ac .
 mexican police nab drug-launching cannon near border <sec> police in mexico find a cannon attached to a compressor on an abandoned pickup truck .  cannon was apparently used to fire bags of drugs over the border , authorities say .  in a separate incident last year , u.s. agents found cans of marijuana plopped in an arizona field .  cannon is believed to have been involved in that incident , too , u.s. agent say .
 two suspects in philip seymour hoffman probe released until court date <sec> student juliana luchkiw , 22 , pleads not guilty to misdemeanor charge .  max rosenblum , 22 , is released on bond .  determination of cause and manner of actor 's death is pending further study .  police source : apartments where four arrests made are part of probe into deat .
 three palestinian refugees die in iraq <sec> u.n. agency appeals for medical resettlement of palestinians in iraq camps .  about 2,000 palestinians in camps along iraq-syria border .  30 to 40 refugees arrive at border camp each week , unhcr say .
 google declares war on content farms <sec> google has been plagued by black hat seo practices and content farms for a while .  content farms are low quality sites that attract traffic with ( mostly ) useless content .  the change should impact 11.8 percent of google 's querie .
 source : pakistani army puts prison on jailbreak watch <sec> soldiers sent to peshawar 's central prison , intelligence source says .  move comes week after taliban freed 250 prisoners at different pakistani prison .  peshawar prison holds doctor accused of helping u.s. find osama bin laden .  prison also holds high-profile taliban militant .
 justices strike down abortion clinic buffer zone <sec> law created no-protest zones on public property surrounding clinics that perform abortions .  the ruling gives room for the state to go back and craft new , less restrictive protest zones .  massachusetts officials : issue was more about public safety , pedestrian access to sidewalks .  anti-abortion supporters : first amendment rights were being violate .
 philippines mourns 44 slain police commandos <sec> 44 dead police commandos are honored in a day of mourning in the philippines .  they were killed in a firefight with muslim rebels last weekend .  the government and main rebel group have reiterated their commitment to peace proces .
 obsessions : crazy about country music <sec> authenticity is what defines country music , radio host says .  grace potter , natasha bedingfield and lionel richie will perform at cma awards .  lady gaga , justin bieber and adele have all gone country this yea .
 shia labeouf goes full-frontal in new sigur ros video <sec> actor shia labeauf appears in a new music video .  the video for `` fjögur píanó '' features a full-frontal of labeauf .  the song is by icelandic indie group sigur ro .
 japanese researcher recalls imprisonment in north korea <sec> `` when i was first arrested , i thought my life had ended , '' takashi sugishima says .  on fifth visit to country in 1999 , retired reporter imprisoned , accused of spying .  sugishima denies allegation , says he never faced trial for the charge .  he says he thinks two americans now held may be used as bargaining chip .
 u.n. : afghanistan 'world 's biggest producer of hashish ' <sec> afghanistan gets `` astonishing '' yield of hashish from its cannabis crop , u.n. report says .  afghanistan already known as world 's largest producer of opium .  illegal drug trade helps fund insurgents , report says .  official : afghan drug problem `` more complex than just the opium trade .
 vets feel abandoned after secret drug experiments <sec> tim josephs blames secret army program for health issues , including parkinson 's disease .  facility tested potentially lethal gases , narcotics and lsd on animals and humans .  cold war research initially aimed to defend against soviet chemical or biological attack .  the va has contacted and offered free medical evaluations to thousands of veteran .
 without bush 'millstone , ' gop can mount comeback , leader says <sec> top senate republican says the party is plotting a `` comeback '' .  sen. mitch mcconnell says bush was 'a millstone around our necks ' .  mcconnell : no need to apologize `` for opposing a bad idea .
 james avery , star of 'the fresh prince of bel-air , ' dies at 68 <sec> `` he strove to present an uncle phil that everybody wishes was their uncle , '' co-star joseph marcell says .  avery starred as uncle phil on `` the fresh prince of bel-air '' .  co-star alfonso ribeiro tweeted the news of avery 's death .  avery was a classically trained actor raised in new jerse .
 qatar : the new rulers of the sport of kings <sec> relative newcomers to flat racing have taken the traditional super powers by surprise .  qatar royal family first `` dipped their toe in the water '' in 2010 with near immediate results .  prix de l'arc triomphe winner treve is among the horses owned by the qataris .  sheikh joann al thani recently broke the european record for a yearling at $ 8.25 millio .
 lebron james wins mvp vote by a landslide <sec> lebron james named nba most valuable player for second year in a row .  cleveland cavs star gains 116 out of a possible 123 first place votes .  james is determined to bring the nba championship to clevelan .
 asleep ramp agent in cargo hold leads to alaska airlines emergency landing <sec> ramp agent tells authorities he fell asleep in cargo hold , alaska airlines says .  the cargo hold is pressurized and temperature controlle .
 ex-college student 's terror trial focuses on travels , codes <sec> zubair ahmed testifies he discussed `` violent jihad '' with syed haris ahmed .  prosecutors : syed haris ahmed took videos of washington sites , discussed attacks .  defense claims ahmed was acting out `` childish fantasies , '' did n't make terror plan .
 justin bieber spat on me , neighbor charges <sec> los angeles county deputies investigate neighbor 's battery complaint against bieber .  bieber 's rep tells cops the singer did not spit on or threaten his neighbor .  `` the neighbor has had issues before , '' a bieber security source tells cnn .  deputies are also looking at charge bieber speeds sports car in neighborhoo .
 6 more journalists arrested in ferguson protests <sec> a total of 11 journalists have been arrested during the protests in ferguson .  most were only held briefly , not charged .  german reporter says he 's never been treated so badly by polic .
 house to vote on stimulus after inauguration , pelosi says <sec> speaker nancy pelosi sets full house vote on stimulus for week of january 25 .  house committees will work on obama 's plan over the next couple of weeks .  senate democrats balk at proposal to give employers $ 3,000 for each worker hire .
 ex-wives and king-size beds : on the road with sports stars <sec> professional athletes are valued regular guests at luxury hotels .  they can have special requirements for check-in , privacy , food -- even bed size .  hockey players are the best behaved , according to two boston hotel manager .
 reagan 's big lesson for america ( opinion ) <sec> fareed zakaria : ambitious scientific projects are worth pursuing .  federal funding for research and development is barely keeping up with inflation , he says .  funding basic science research did n't use to be a partisan issue , zakaria says .  today 's politicians should follow ronald reagan 's advice and invest in future , he say .
 shuddering houses , falling limbs evoke storm fears <sec> new : red cross reports sheltering more than 3,200 people in nine states .  hurricane sandy wreaks havoc and causes fear along the east coast .  newlyweds are stranded by a scratched flight to their jamaican honeymoon .  `` it 's a real extreme event , '' one man says as waves cover asbury park , new jersey , jettie .
 from juke joint to big stage , yankee soul man croons of love and sex <sec> eli `` paperboy '' reed released his first album under a major label last week .  reed learned to sing in juke joints and gospel churches .  album 's producer helped bring stars eminem and dr. dre to the world .  `` i played it for justin timberlake . .  ... .  i was like , 'dude , you 've got ta check this kid out ' .
 jimmy fallon drenches chris hemsworth in water war <sec> chris hemsworth and jimmy fallon play water war .  the pair turned over playing cards ; winner threw water at lose .
 india launches first moon mission <sec> new : chandrayaan-1 is carrying payloads from the u.s. , eu and bulgaria .  two-year mission seeks high-resolution , 3-d imaging of the moon 's surface .  chandrayaan-1 follows japan and china 's missions to the moon .  chandrayaan means `` moon craft '' in ancient sanskri .
 afghan killings could impact military mission <sec> another atrocity heightens anti-u.s. sentiments in afghanistan .  u.s. officials say the latest shooting wo n't change the afghanistan mission or timetable .  security responsibilities are to be turned over to afghan forces by the end of 2014 .  last week , two dozen u.s. senators called for speeding up the transitio .
 suge knight arrested in run-over death <sec> marion `` suge '' knight wo n't appear in court until at least monday , prosecutor 's office says .  police say knight drove over two men with his red pickup .  `` we 're handling it as a homicide , '' says lt. john corin .
 italy judge to decide on berlusconi trial <sec> prosecutors want the italian prime minister to face immediate trial .  he 's accused of sex with an under-aged prostitute and abuse of power .  berlusconi and the young woman deny they had sex .  thousands of italians in some 200 cities rally against the prime ministe .
 oregon man saves baby tossed from burning building <sec> new : victims of portland-area blaze identified .  oregon mother in burning apartment tosses baby boy to safety .  passerby catches , rescues baby before firefighters arrive at scene .  mother and son both in `` stable critical '' condition . .  two other sons die in the fir .
 extremist calls for destruction of egyptian antiquities <sec> jihadi sheikh tells egyptian tv he might destroy pyramids if in power .  anything `` worshipped by one person '' must be destroyed , morgan al-gohary says .  a zealous muslim mystic tried to demolish sphinx in 137 .
 dick clark 's remains cremated ; further service plans not finalized <sec> dick clark 's remains have been cremated , his publicist says .  clark , 82 , former host of `` american bandstand , '' died of a heart attack wednesda .
 texas chief apologizes for remark about jaywalking , sexual assaults <sec> a video showing austin police arresting a jaywalker was posted .  chief said he was trying to put the arrest `` in context '' .  chief said in other towns , `` cops are actually committing sexual assaults on duty '' .  he apologized for `` a poor analogy .
 toobin : no federal case vs. darren wilson ? <sec> jeffrey toobin : darren wilson should be treated like everyone else despite case 's symbolism .  but failure to file charges should n't be seen as vindication of wilson or police , he says .  one individual 's liberation should n't be taken to mean society is free from scrutiny , he say .
 no surprise : democrats and republicans differ on election predictions <sec> nine days before the vote , both sides predict success .  rove calls tea party movement `` wholesome '' and `` positive '' .  kaine says democratic poll numbers are trending u .
 giffords shooting survivors seek federal help in tightening gun laws <sec> 12 survivors of tuscon shooting meet with attorney general .  group supports the fix gun check program pushed by sen. charles schumer .  group hopes to get obama and romney to present plans for ending gun violenc .
 mitt romney : my vision for america <sec> mitt romney : america is a place that cherishes freedom and fights to defend it .  too many americans have had to defer dreams due to economic slowdown , he says .  he says u.s. can overcome troubles , speed economic growth through policy changes .  romney : i am offering `` real change and a real choice .
 chinese leader : beijing not seeking dominance <sec> hu jintao tells business leaders china is not pursuing an expansionist policy .  congressional leaders discuss human rights and economic issues with hu .  the session follows hu 's meeting wednesday with president obam .
 civil rights groups seek new injunction against arizona immigration law <sec> a coalition of civil rights groups wants to block parts of arizona 's immigration law .  the supreme court has upheld a controversial provision , but the groups want it blocked .  there are new arguments and evidence that sb 1070 is unconstitutional , the motion say .
 anti-morsy protesters vow to continue <sec> egyptian president 's assumption of new powers has sparked protests .  the protests turned into violent clashes with mohamed morsy supporters .  opposition leaders say they 're willing to talk with morsy if he withdraws his decree .  ireporters have sent in powerful photos and videos of the protest .
 report : fighter jet shot down near benghazi <sec> clinton will meet saturday with allies .  libya says it is not engaging advancing rebel forces .  libya invites international observers to visit country .  libyan troops must pull back from several cities , obama say .
 somali government says it 's taken town from islamist fighters <sec> troops `` overran a stiff resistance '' from islamist militia , spokesman says .  but residents still report heavy fighting between al shabaab , pro-government forces .  u.s. backs somalia 's weak government , fears it could fall to al qaeda-linked group .  u.s. officials warn that somalia could become haven for al qaeda operative .
 for a third day , police , protesters clash in turkey <sec> police fire tear gas in istanbul and ankara .  the protests are the biggest in some 10 years .  report : more than 700 people have been detained across the country , with most released .  prime minister tells tv audience he is no dictato .
 review : bardem oscar-worthy in 'biutiful ' <sec> peter travers says javier bardem 's performance as uxbal in `` biutiful '' is oscar-worthy .  the film is shot hand-held with a poet 's eye by rodrigo prieto .  `` biutiful '' is derived from the main character 's daughter 's misspellin .
 toddler in coma almost buried ; parents charged <sec> bolivian parents were preparing to bury their 3-year- old girl .  neighbor noticed signs of life , takes girl to medical center .  mother and stepfather arrested , are being held on abuse charges .  girl in coma , with head injury , contusions over her body and facial burn .
 u.s. standards on beef are lax , inspector general says <sec> official : federal agencies fail to set limits on potentially harmful chemical residues .  in u.s. , there are no set limits for some heavy metals , like copper , in beef .  study focused on contamination by chemical residues , rather than bacteri .
 australia to create world 's largest network of marine parks <sec> proposal would cover one third of australia 's waters .  biggest undersea mountain range gets new protected status .  some areas still open to oil and gas exploratio .
 the wait for cuban beaches and cigars remains <sec> the obama administration eased travel restrictions to cuba on wednesday .  but that does n't mean u.s. tourists will overrun the island just yet .  u.s. resale of cuban cigars and rum will still be banne .
 officials : u.s. troops have fired from base inside afghanistan at pakistan 4 times <sec> an afghan commander accuses pakistani soldiers of firing across the border .  pakistani military spokesman confirms u.s. troops have fired across border .  nato says a base near the border has fired into pakistan four times since june .  a u.s. official says they try to liaise with pakistani military forces firs .
 photo shows amish beard-cutting attack , prosecutors say <sec> federal prosecutors submitted a photo they say shows amish attack .  in it , one amish man is attempting to forcibly remove another 's beard .  it was one of several attacks that exposed a rift in ohio 's amish community .  16 amish men and women face federal hate crimes charges for the attack .
 burning man grabs politician during live tv debate in india <sec> a man in india 's uttar pradesh state set himself on fire and grabbed a politician .  the man died from his burns ; the politician is hospitalized in critical condition .  the incident came as the country continues to vote in national election .
 did democrats lay down important '15 marker ? <sec> dem sen. patrick leahy scraps with gop senate leader mcconnell .  junior senator from virginia worth watching .  more signs that jeb bush is running , including tensions with romney cam .
 state of emergency declared in mali <sec> new : mali 's defense ministry says government forces have retaken konna .  mali is facing a `` terrorist aggression '' in northern mali , leader says .  an al qaeda wing has taken root in the north .  interim president traore calls for a `` general mobilization '' against radical islamist .
 matthaeus takes charge of bulgaria national side <sec> lothar matthaeus to take charge of the bulgarian national team .  49-year-old german international legend replaces stanimar stoilov .  matthaeus has previously managed hungary and a clutch of minor clubs .  new : paulo bento appointed coach of portuga .
