 experts : egg freezing no longer 'experimental ' <sec> the american society of reproductive medicine lifts `` experimental '' label .  egg freezing is declared effective and safe .  `` the technology and technique are getting better , and success rates are good , '' doctor says .  experts disagree on the issue of women freezing eggs for later us .
 taliban threaten to kill aid workers as spies <sec> top taliban commander issues threat to execute foreign aid workers .  mohammed ibrahim hanafi said intelligence wing was gathering information .  hanafi repeated taliban 's pledge to keep girls out of public schools .  commander gave exclusive telephone interview friday night to cn .
 uae islamic affairs authority warns muslims against a mission to mars <sec> the united arab emirates ' religious watchdog warns muslims against a mars mission .  it says the journey , which is n't scheduled to return , is like a suicide mission .  taking one 's life willingly is against islamic principles .  mission organizers issue a statement asking the islamic authorities to cancel the fatw .
 miley cyrus is mtv 's best artist of 2013 <sec> miley cyrus is mtv 's best artist of 2013 .  she 's had a banner year with a no . .  1 album and two no . .  1 singles .  she 's also one of barbara walters ' most fascinating people of 2013 .  cyrus leads a list that includes katy perry , kanye west and lady gag .
 court rejects anti-prostitution 'pledge ' in anti-aids program <sec> law aimed to make reducing hiv/aids behavioral risks a priority of prevention .  u.s. law conditioned funding on pledge to oppose prostitution .  chief justice john roberts said the policy violated the first amendment .  some groups called the requirement a `` loyalty oath .
 u.s.-israel rift over iran nukes now in the open <sec> new : president obama says sanctions that brought iran to the table will continue .  iran 's foreign minister says israel is trying to `` torpedo '' a nuclear deal .  israeli prime minister netanyahu calls a possible iran deal `` exceedingly bad '' .  international talks on iran resume later this week in genev .
 blatter and hayatou slam western media over afcon violence <sec> caf chief issa hayatou slams `` western media '' reports of afcon violence .  dozens hurt during rioting at match on thursday .  final between ghana and ivory coast takes place sunda .
 lindsay lohan begins probation violation jail term <sec> new : sheriff 's spokesman says lohan will likely serve just 2 weeks .  lohan is called `` cooperative '' while being booked .  lohan begins serving probation violation sentence .  the actress shows little emotion as she is handcuffed and led awa .
 suspects detained in paris over attacks <sec> at least a dozen people are detained in paris in connection with last week 's shootings .  u.s. secretary of state john kerry pays respects to the victims of the attack .
 immigrant activists call out 'illegal alien ' costumes <sec> costume comes with jumpsuit , space alien mask and fake green card .  target , retailers pull product after receiving complaints from advocacy group .  some say costume offensive because it depicts illegal immigrants as `` not one of us '' .  others call those who are offended `` hyper-sensitive ... illegal alien-supporting nuts .
 lionel richie : keep your clothes on until you have a hit <sec> richie kicks off his new tour wednesday in hollywood , florida .  he says it will be a mix of classic hits and fan favorites .  richie says young artists are going for shock valu .
 fbi tracked plot to attack u.s. capitol for months <sec> christopher lee cornell , 20 , allegedly aligned himself with isis .  a source says the plan posed no threat to lawmakers ; the complaint said it was in its late stages .  `` if i thought he was up to something , i would have beat his butt , '' father say .
 why it 's time to worry about rise of the android workers <sec> andrew keen argues relationship between digital tech and jobs will become focus in 2012 .  debate will pitch so-called `` innovation fundamentalists '' against `` innovation skeptics , '' keen says .  regular consumers are the true losers of the collapse of old media businesses , he add .
 president-elect seen as continuation for dominican republic <sec> former president hipolito mejia concedes .  danilo medina has claimed victory in the presidential elections .  victory is seen as endorsement of the policies of current president leonel fernandez .  the two worked closely togethe .
 what gop must do if health care law overturned <sec> the supreme court is deliberating on president obama 's affordable care act .  ford c. o'connell : if the law is struck down , gop must be ready to present an alternative .  he says there is no doubt that health care will be a highly volatile issue in this election year .  o'connell : republicans should offer a free-market approach to health care refor .
 nasa 's kepler may be out of planet-hunting business <sec> nasa hopes to find an alternative mission for the planet-hunting probe .  kepler has been sidelined since a control device failed in mid-may .  program has id 'd nearly 3,300 possible planets beyond solar syste .
 marrakech : 10 amazing attractions <sec> getting lost in the narrow streets of marrakech 's old medina is a great way to find antiques and oddities .  the jardin majorelle was created by french painter jacques majorelle and later owned by yves saint laurent .  outside marrakech , travelers can take a hot air balloon trip , explore the atlas mountains or ride a zip wir .
 nadal dismisses djokovic 's conqueror berdych to reach rome final <sec> rafael nadal reaches eighth straight final since his comeback .  nadal dismisses tomas berdych 6-2 6-4 in rome masters semi .  he will play roger federer in the title match .  serena williams takes on victoria azarenka in women 's fina .
 pool-side 'death ray ' singes vegas hotel guest <sec> `` death ray '' phenomenon reported by las vegas review-journal .  reflective hotel has created hot solar convergence spots .  one guest said that rays singed his hai .
 review : 'total recall ' is instantly forgettable <sec> new film is a remake of the 1990 movie starring arnold schwarzenegger .  this version stars colin farrell and kate beckinsale .  reviewer calls new `` total recall '' `` a wholesale rip-off .
 apparently this matters : death metal without oxygen <sec> a death metal band in london is playing inside an airtight , soundproof cube .  the cube is a public art instillation called `` box sized die '' .  the band , unfathomable ruination , plays until they run out of ai .
 nyc ball drop goes 'green ' on 100th anniversary <sec> times square ball fitted with energy-saving light-emitting diodes .  a million people to attend , officials say , a billion expected to watch on video .  performers : hannah montana , kid rock , lenny kravitz , carrie underwood .  1907 ball was made of iron and wood and covered with about 100 light bulb .
 report : apple to introduce 'garageband for e-books ' <sec> ars technica says apple is about to unveil a set of tools to create interactive e-books .  previous rumors said that apple will show no new devices .  report says company also plans to expand its platform to distribute these e-book .
 council of europe demands truth on cia 'black sites ' <sec> poland , romania and lithuania hosted secret prisons , body says .  human rights commission : `` the full truth '' must be established .  cia acknowledged extraordinary rendition program but refused to disclose details .  records emerging from gadhafi regime in libya contain potential revelation .
 sale of 1 house will help 30 villages <sec> family tries to sell $ 1.8 million mansion and give half the proceeds to charity .  decision comes after discussions about how much wealth is needed .  family voluntarily downsizes to more ordinary house .  after sale , money will go to villages in ghana via the hunger projec .
 daraa : the spark that lit the syrian flame <sec> the syrian protests began in the southern city of daraa .  school children were arrested for anti-government graffiti .  a year later , the protests have spread throughout the countr .
 capello cuts squad for trinidad match <sec> seven players have been cut from the england squad for friendly in trinidad .  the seven players had all appeared in the champions league final last week .  however , manchester united central defender rio ferdinand will be playin .
 what makes a good search dog ? <sec> the national search dog foundation has trained 131 rescue teams since 1996 .  most of its rescue dogs come from shelters , says founder and cnn hero wilma melville .  the group provides lifetime care for the dogs -- even those that do n't get through the trainin .
 nuclear deal wo n't mean iran changes ( opinion ) <sec> reza faraji-dana , former iranian science minister , was impeached last month .  move was latest sign of internal power struggle in iran , says alireza nader .  he argues iran 's conservatives are unlikely to give ground on domestic issues .  nader says a nuclear deal might actually energize president 's rival .
 hebrew national sued over non-kosher allegations <sec> hebrew national accused of not following kosher meat standards as it claims .  lawsuit accuses the company of `` deceptive and wrongful conduct '' .  the parent company of hebrew national denies the allegations .  `` there is close rabbinical supervision of the food preparation process , '' it say .
 ambulance offers hope in war-torn somalia <sec> volunteer ambulance service ferries wounded civilians and fighters to the hospital .  drivers face problems from both sides of the conflict in the capital , mogadishu .  ambulance drivers earn $ 200 a month ; national average annual salary is $ 130 .  u.n.-backed transitional government forces are fighting islamist insurgent .
 jason statham : acting drunk is easy <sec> jason statham plays a homeless war veteran in 'hummingbird ' .  he jokes that he had '40 years of prep ' for his drunken scenes .  the role is a change of pace for the 45-year-old acto .
 rescuers find missing boat off honduras coast ; 9 rescued <sec> 9 boaters who went missing on saturday have been found .  a u.s. army helicopter hoists survivors to safety .  at least 2 u.s. citizens were on the boa .
 pirlo stunner sends juventus into europa league last eight <sec> italian champions juventus beat fiorentina to make europa league quarterfinals .  stunning free kick from veteran andrea pirlo seals victory over fellow italian side .  portuguese giants benfica see off late rally from spurs to make last eight .  spanish side valencia ease past bulgarian minnows ludogorets razgra .
 country chic : nations showcase at fashion week <sec> nations are sponsoring fashion week events to gain attention for textiles , designers .  at russian showcase a model wore her hair mussed into a babushka headpiece .  concept korea is a collaborative show organized by the ministry of culture .  organizers say new york fashion week is the ideal setting to showcase innovative styl .
 the scariest tech trend of 2012 ? <sec> cashmore : breakout trend at sxsw this month may be `` ambient social networking '' .  apps would automatically share info about you with nearby people in your networks .  privacy is becoming an issue as more apps allow people to broadcast their location .  the social nature of photo-sharing app instagram also may make it a favorite at sxs .
 a body found near site of boat-barge collision in delaware river <sec> new : a body was recovered friday .  ntsb will interview boat 's crew on friday .  tour boat company shuts down operations at other u.s. locations .  vessel had clean record , company sai .
 north korea issues new threat to u.s. bases <sec> north korea says it will put military units `` on the highest alert '' .  it says the units target locations including the u.s. mainland , hawaii and guam .  the u.s. says it is `` fully capable '' of defending itself and its allies .  the north is angry over u.n. sanctions and u.s.-south korean military exercise .
 castaway claims he drifted 13 months in pacific <sec> his family in el salvador thought he was dead .  castaway is identified as jose salvador alvarenga , 37 .  man says he lived off turtles and rainwater while adrift .  companion died four weeks after pair left mexico , alvarenga say .
 blogger released from egyptian jail after four years <sec> a blogger who endured a stint in an egyptian prison for his writings has been freed .  the former law student at cairo 's al-azhar university is a critic of conservative muslims .  he said his former school promoted extremism ; he called egyptian president a dictato .
 the early world wide web : slow , simple and sparse <sec> early web adopters recall the slower , simpler online life of the '90s .  tim berners-lee created the world wide web in march 1989 .  slow connections limited what websites could deliver .  but in the '90s , just being able to access the web was exciting for man .
 rihanna backlash should focus on chris brown <sec> rihanna is collaborating with chris brown , who assaulted her three years ago .  lyndal khaw : rihanna is being judged unfairly for working with her abusive former partner .  she says domestic violence is a vicious cycle ; leaving an abusive partner can be difficult .  khaw : how about holding brown accountable instead of criticizing rihanna .
 yemen 's problems will not stay in yemen <sec> yemen has the earmarks of a failing state , says christopher boucek .  the nation is dealing with a civil war , other challenges to its authority .  boucek says yemen is running out of oil , lacks other economic strengths .  he says al qaeda militants , including some from south asia , are regrouping in yeme .
 death toll soars from turkish quake <sec> new : the death toll rises to 535 .  new : crews have rescued 185 people alive from the rubble .  one person saved is an 18-year-old man .  britain pledges emergency tents for more than 5,500 peopl .
 raikkonen lambasts hamilton over f1 crash <sec> kimi raikkonen lambasts mclaren 's lewis hamilton for pit-lane accident .  finn says his race was 'ruined ' after hamilton did n't see red light .  hamilton was given a 10-place grid penalty for the french grand pri .
 fire put out in 40-story chechnya building <sec> new : apartment fire put out in chechen capital .  new : cause believed to be short circuit .  more than 100 firefighters worked extinguish fir .
 doctors hope for full recovery for 6-year-old trapped hours in sand <sec> nathan woessner , 6 , was visiting the northern indiana sand dunes with family .  the sand dunes , which line lake michigan , can sometimes give way .  nathan is in critical condition but does not appear to have any brain damag .
 'stand your ground ' denied in domestic violence case <sec> marissa alexander fired a gun in the air when her abusive husband threatened her .  no one was hurt , but she faces 20 years in prison on various charges .  alexander : `` had i not discharged my weapon at that point , i would not be here '' .  she hopes the case will be dismissed under the 'stand your ground ' la .
 north koreans in desperate need of food after floods <sec> north korea is in need of immediate food assistance , the u.n. says .  the world food programme announces it is sending emergency food aid .  state media : more than 212 000 people are homeless .  eighty-eight people have died , u.n. says , but national media put the toll at 16 .
 obama : my presidency would unleash a 'transformation ' <sec> barack obama : `` the day i 'm inaugurated , the country looks at itself differently '' .  illinois democrat would be first black president if elected .  hillary clinton and obama neck and neck in polls of black voter .
 doctor laser : inside the wondrous lab of one of the world 's last holographers <sec> jason sapan , aka doctor laser , has devoted his life to holograms .  sapan has created holographic portraits of andy warhol , bill clinton , isaac asimov .  his laser lighting has been used in print ads for macy 's and a `` flock of seagulls '' music vide .
 83-year-old supermodel carmen dell'orefice is hot <sec> carmen dell'orefice got her first vogue cover at age 15 .  she just snagged her latest magazine cover at age 83 .  `` i am in a territory that business considers unmarketable : age and white hair .
 cnn student news - february 28 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum 's newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 mysterious al qaeda 'envoy ' dispenses aid in somalia <sec> recording , images on islamist websites purport to show fair-skinned man fluent in english .  al-shabaab militants say he 's from al qaeda leader al zawahiri , in somalia to dispense aid .  event suggests a strengthening of ties between al-shabaab and al qaeda hard-liners .  but the identitiy of the man has n't been determined , and the event may be a plo .
 chelsea clinton baby watch : what we know <sec> chelsea clinton first announced she was pregnant in april , due date could be this month .  boy or a girl ? .  we 'll have to wait and see .  where will the clinton baby be delivered ? .  the clintons have been fans of new york presbyterian hospita .
 abortion provider had guards at work , 'rigorous ' security at home <sec> george tiller was one of few remaining doctors in u.s. offering late-term abortions .  he had been shot in 1993 and lived under the constant threat of violence .  he made mark on confirmation process for head of health and human services .  `` third-trimester abortion is simply a part of abortion , '' tiller said in 199 .
 in tough economy , americans having fewer babies <sec> a new pew report says america 's birth rate plunged after 2007 .  it says the decline in fertility rates correlates to the start of the recession .  historically , there 's evidence to back up pew 's analysis .  baby busts also occurred during the great depression and in the 1970 .
 seattle seahawks fans register as earthquake during football game <sec> fans rock the stadium and show up on an earthquake recording system .  the seattle-new orleans game produced five seismic events .  a college in louisiana also appeared as an earthquake in 1988 .  the seahawks beat the saints , 34- .
 bolton manager coyle has 'brief chat ' with recovering muamba <sec> bolton manager owen coyle says he has had a brief chat with fabrice muamba .  coyle keen to stress it is still early in midfielder 's recovery from cardiac arrest .  hospital say muamba had a comfortable night on monday as recovery continues .  premier league vow to review medical procedures after muamba 's collaps .
 u.s. manages disease , not health <sec> andrew weil : providing more americans with health insurance is not enough .  weil : we have a disease-management system , not a health care system .  he says our medical system is more about maximizing profits than fostering good health .  weil : watch `` escape fire '' at 8 and 11 p.m . .  et sunday , march 10 , on cn .
 reagan and thatcher : 'political soulmates ' <sec> margaret thatcher and ronald reagan were friends for decades .  they agreed on many issues , saw each other as `` soulmates '' in the conservative world .  reagan initially disagreed with her on how she wanted to handle the falklands war in 198 .
 the best videos of the week <sec> here are six of cnn 's best videos of the week .  clips include a look at mike tyson 's abandoned mansio .
 why has al jazeera set its sights on u.s. ? <sec> qatari tv network al jazeera buys current tv , gaining access to millions more u.s. viewers .  network has struggled to be accepted in wake of september 11 attacks , says hugh miles .  rehabilitating al jazeera 's image in america was never going to come cheap , miles adds .  miles : qatar 's priority is drumming up support in case of a war in the gul .
 opinion : colvin fought injustice , armed only with words and images <sec> former reporter hannah storm says marie colvin was an inspiration to journalists .  storm , of international news safety institute , says reporters face dangers in course of work .  storm : colvin `` shone a light on the worst suffering humans can inflict on each other .
