 terror videos : propaganda concerns vs. reporting duties <sec> no major news organization showed the conclusion of the isis steven sotloff video .  some viewers , readers and journalists have deplored decisions to show snippets of it .  `` one should not empower isis by publishing their pr materials , '' a journalist tweets .  not showing the video at all , however , risks sanitizing the grim reality of the worl .
 cadaver dogs search previous home of mass murder suspect <sec> police `` trying to cover all our bases '' at anthony sowell 's childhood home .  sowell has been charged with killing 11 women , all found in or around current home .  sowell indicted tuesday on 85 criminal counts , including murder , rape , kidnappin .
 giffords released from hospital ; will continue outpatient therapy <sec> new : husband , `` she will be with her family . '' .  giffords expects to begin outpatient therapy soon .  she has been in the hospital since january .  giffords continues to recover from a head shot woun .
 singapore gives royal welcome to william , kate <sec> prince william , catherine visit singapore as part of diamond jubilee celebrations .  queen herself made state visits to singapore in 1972 , 1989 and 2006 .  the royal couple unveil first operation engine of new rolls-royce factory .  they were to also visit public housing estate named in queen 's hono .
 beach city makeovers bump up the activity <sec> three beach cities in california are attempting to change their health outcomes .  schools encourage kids to walk , businesses encourage workers to adopt healthy habits .  founder believes environment is bigger factor in obesity than individual responsibilit .
 hong kong cleans up in aftermath of typhoon vicente <sec> hong kong is cleaning up after a severe typhoon struck the city tuesday with gale-force winds and rain .  hong kong hospital authority reported at least 129 people were injured , none fatally .  typhoon vicente caused the city to raise its strongest typhoon warning in 13 years .  the hang seng stock exchange will resume trading at 1 p.m. local tim .
 search for mom missing after georgia flooding continues <sec> debbie hooper , 44 , of whitesburg , georgia went missing september 20 .  authorities found her jeep liberty in dog river in douglas county , west of atlanta .  on monday , authorities found a female body , but body is not yet identified .  this month 's rainfall has caused deadly flooding in the southeas .
 'desperate housewives , ' 'west wing ' actress joosten dies of lung cancer <sec> kathryn joosten dies saturday after an 11-year battle with lung cancer , her family says .  she was on `` the west wing '' and won 2 emmys for her role on `` desperate housewives '' .  `` you will never truly be gone , film is forever , '' actor rob lowe say .
 court reopens rape investigation of saudi prince <sec> a judge rules that a lower court must reopen the rape case .  the alleged victim says she was drugged and raped .  she identifies saudi prince alwaleed bin talal as the perpetrator .  the prince says he was in a different place at the time of the alleged attac .
 swine flu : your questions answered <sec> the emergence of the swine flu has raised many questions ; here are some answers .  swine flu was first identified in 1930 when researchers isolated the virus in a pig .  why people are dying in mexico but not in other places is still a mystery .  while the virus can live on surfaces , transmission is unlikel .
 swim club president denies racism in pool controversy <sec> swim club president john duesler : `` it was never our intention to offend anyone '' .  `` he knows what happened at the pool that day , '' day care director counters .  duesler : club is `` very diverse , '' and had reached out because area pools had closed .  duesler says club 's board has yet to decide whether to reinstate center 's contrac .
 2nd steubenville teen convicted of rape classified as sex offender <sec> an ohio judge classifies ma'lik richmond as a tier ii sex offender .  trenton mays , who was convicted in the same case , got the same classification .  both teens were found guilty of rape in a case that divided their community .  cell phone pictures , social media posts helped bring national attention to cas .
 french parliament to consider burka ban <sec> french lawmakers to consider whether burka threatens french secularism .  panel set up after president sarkozy says burka not welcome in france .  debate is raging in france about muslim women wearing the traditional garmen .
 court documents offer glimpse into 9/11 security lapse , attorney says <sec> court papers provide evidence of negligence in 9/11 lawsuit , attorney says .  defendants say security breach was not their fault .  mark bavis died when his flight crashed into the world trade center 's south towe .
 hillary clinton raises funds in vegas <sec> hillary clinton met gop uber-donor sheldon adelson backstage at event .  she was in las vegas to headline two fundraisers .  at university of nevada-las vegas , clinton said education needs to be `` widely available '' .  clinton also met don king , the legendary boxing promoter , at one of the fundraiser .
 cnn heroes : giving hope to orphans of aids <sec> marie da silva is a nanny in los angeles .  she is president and founder of a school for orphans in malawi .  about 200 children attend classes in what was da silva 's former hom .
 chen case is another human rights issue for obama <sec> new : republicans , activists challenge the handling of the chen incident .  the administration tries to balance human rights with other issues in china dealings .  the chen guangcheng situation complicates high-level u.s.-china talks .  expert : human rights should n't dominate other issues in a mature relationshi .
 schizophrenia is actually 8 diseases , study says <sec> researchers say schizophrenia is not one disorder , but eight .  genetic variations cause eight classes of schizophrenia .  study was published in the american journal of psychiatr .
 child at center of high court fight over custody gets closure <sec> a case involving an international treaty and parental custody rights is closed .  courts in chile and the united states had issued different rulings in the case .  the question is left unresolved when the boy at the center of the case turns 1 .
 gunman killed four at ex-wife 's atlanta-area home <sec> officials have identified the gunman as cedric g. prather .  witnesses say the shooting occurred at his ex-wife 's house .  he shot six people before ending his own life ; four died , including two childre .
 ohio man charged in bizarre white house security incident <sec> driverless suv rammed steel security pipe and light pole outside white house .  man jumped nearby fence , said he wanted to paint 'snake ' on grounds , records show .  search of vehicle turned up ammunition but no weapons , authorities said .  ohio man charged with destruction of property ; obama not in dc at time of inciden .
 it 's more than a race to me <sec> annette miller has lost more than 150 pounds ; she now weighs 219 .  miller 's trainer was diagnosed with uterine cancer in november .  miller and her two best friends ran the st. jude country music half maratho .
 study links body scent , politics <sec> a new study shows that body odor could play a role in matching political ideologies .  it finds that a person 's scent could send signals about their political views .  the study was published in the american journal of political scienc .
 rescuing dogs from 'corridor of cruelty ' <sec> deborah hoffman discovered a corridor in houston , texas , where dogs are abandoned .  she organized a volunteer group to help the animals and find them homes .  some of the dogs are victims of dog fighting ; some have been found dead in trash bags .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2010 cnn heroe .
 get to the top with mycoskie 's 5 tips <sec> blake mycoskie had launched four other start-ups before creating toms .  he ran the shoe company out of his apartment in the early days .  the business has since scaled tremendously and gives away shoes worldwid .
 new jersey mayor resigns amid corruption scandal <sec> hoboken , new jersey , mayor peter cammarano iii steps down in wake of scandal .  cammarano , one of 44 arrested in corruption probe , accused of taking bribes .  secaucus mayor dennis elwell resigned earlier after being linked to investigation .  both maintain their innocence , saying stepping down is not admission of guil .
 official : 15 militants killed in suspected u.s. drone strike in pakistan <sec> the suspected drone fired at least 6 missiles , an official says .  three militants were wounded and 15 killed , the local official adds .  this is thought to be the third such fatal drone strike in pakistan 's tribal region in 3 days .  the u.s. government has defended such attacks as guided by the laws of wa .
 gunmen shoot down russian military contractors in yemen <sec> witnesses said that they used silencers and needed only seconds for the attack .  two bloody conflicts plague the impoverished country .  shiite rebels have long fought for independence , and al qaeda has a key hub in yemen .  terrorist attacks in sanaa occur regularl .
 quincy jones arab charity song goes viral <sec> quincy jones ' charity song `` bokra , '' has gone viral after launching in dubai earlier this month .  the star-studded international collaboration has already attracted two million youtube hits .  twenty-four artists from across the arab world contributed to `` bokra '' .  jones has worked with michael jackson , dizzy gillespie and many other legendary musician .
 uk pledges money for ebola research <sec> new : global initiative against outbreak , disease announced in uk .  epidemiologist says 30,00 people would require experimental drugs , vaccines .  who : number of deaths in ebola outbreak has reached 1,350 .  right now there is no proven treatment or vaccine for ebol .
 opinion : how to hunt for your own $ 2.2 million ding bowl <sec> nicholas dawes : ding bowl that fetched $ 2.2 million is the latest in big deals on chinese art .  yard sale fans ' hopes rekindled , he says , but dreams elusive ( see `` antiques roadshow '' ) .  he says key to value is supply and demand , but calculation varies so keep trying .  dawes : chinese art value growing , especially in china , as society and art market open u .
 addicts shoot up in safe haven in canada <sec> safe haven in vancouver allows drug addicts to shoot up safely and without fear of arrest .  controversially , insite does not require addicts to try to kick their habits .  supreme court ruled it should stay open as it was giving access to medical care .  insite is the only legal safe haven facility in north americ .
 higgs boson theorists receive nobel prize in physics <sec> francois englert and peter higgs are awarded the nobel prize in physics .  the higgs boson is what gives all matter its mass and is a central part of scientific theory .  the july 2012 discovery of the particle is billed as one of the biggest scientific achievement .
 11 business hotels that prove executive travel does n't have to be boring <sec> business hotels are predictably cookie cutter . .  not this selection .  the ritz-carlton , dubai international financial center has a 130-piece art collection .  st. pancras renaissance london hotel has views of the city 's eurostar station from the hotel rooms .  worried about blowing the deal in japan ? .  the palace hotel tokyo offers classes in local business etiquett .
 north korea threatens 'special actions ' to take out south korean government <sec> south korea announced a new missile that could strike the north .  pyongyang threatens 'special actions ' against the south 's government .  state tv shows people throwing rocks at an image of the south korean presiden .
 2 nfl players among boaters missing in florida <sec> new : `` it feels like my greatest fear coming true , '' wife of missing man says .  four boaters missing off florida 's western coast , officials say .  nfl 's corey smith and marquis cooper among the missing .  boat set out early saturday ; coast guard began search sunda .
 hannah anderson : dimaggio wanted me to play russian roulette <sec> `` i started crying , '' hannah anderson says , describing a conversation with her kidnapper .  anderson says james dimaggio tried to make her play russian roulette with a real gun .  the california teen was found after a weeklong manhunt for her alleged capto .
 alabama mass grave may contain bodies from 1870s epidemic <sec> the mass grave was unearthed tuesday in downtown montgomery , alabama .  workers preparing land for construction of a new building uncovered the remains .  historical records indicate bodies could be from yellow fever outbreak .  it was not immediately known how many bodies might be buried at the sit .
 joan rivers becomes trump 's new 'apprentice ' <sec> joan rivers wins this season 's `` celebrity apprentice '' .  rivers goes up against poker champion annie duke in finale .  duke raises more money at her event , but rivers is able to attract more celebrities .  the victory means $ 250,000 for rivers ' charit .
 first blood to nadal in 2011 at uae final <sec> world no.1 overcomes roger federer 7-6 , 7-6 in exhibition final in abu dhabi .  nadal takes opening set tie-break after unforced errors from world no.2 .  spaniard will hold all four grand slam titles at once if he wins australian open later this mont .
 jupiter 's stormy great red spot is shrinking <sec> scientists : great red spot lost 15 percent of its diameter between 1996 and 2006 .  it is possible that the spot may one day disappear , astronomers say .  jupiter 's famous feature is a monster storm that 's been tracked since the 1870s .  winds inside gust up to 400 miles per hour ; it 's not exactly known what makes it re .
 'hot cop of castro ' follows mugshot guy as cyber-star <sec> a facebook page featuring san francisco police officer chris kohrs is a viral hit .  `` the hot cop of castro '' loves his job and sees a benefit to the unplanned publicity .  `` it has strengthened the bond between the community and the police , '' he says .  `` i 've never met the person that created the facebook page . .  i 'm not even on facebook .
 new arrests in news of the world phone-hacking probe <sec> new : six current or former journalists are arrested in connection with alleged phone hacking .  police say the alleged phone-hacking conspiracy is separate from one already being probed .  london 's metropolitan police is running three investigations into alleged wrongdoing .  rupert murdoch shut down the news of the world after the scandal broke in 201 .
 at e3 , all games , no kinect for microsoft <sec> microsoft 's e3 presentation had virtually no mention of the kinect system .  by contrast , the company highlighted its use with xbox one last year .  entertainment apps also were shunned in favor of game talk .  upcoming `` halo 5 , '' got the crowd excite .
 facebook rolls out shared photo albums <sec> facebook is adding shared photo albums for up to 50 people .  groups will be able to upload photos after social gatherings to the same album .  hundreds of millions of photos are shared on facebook each da .
 chelsea resolve kakuta transfer row <sec> chelsea end dispute with french club lens over the signing of teenager gael kakuta .  court of arbitration for sport ratifies agreement with english premier league leaders .  fifa had banned chelsea from making signings until mid-2011 after complaint by lens .  premier league crisis club portsmouth have fourth change of ownership in six month .
 castaway is released from hospital in marshall islands <sec> the castaway is now staying at a hotel in the island chain 's capital .  he had returned to a hospital after fresh worries about his health .  an american doctor who has spent time with him is concerned about his kidneys .  jose salvador alvarenga said he was lost at sea for 13 month .
 street becomes canvas for 'silent protest ' in hong kong <sec> street art covers pro-democracy protest site in hong kong .  sculptures , cartoons , posters and chalk drawings convey protest message .  most striking is a 10-foot tall statue of a man holding an umbrella .  `` umbrella man '' is built of wooden square .
 u.s.-germany match goes on despite downpour <sec> crucial world cup match goes on despite heavy rain .  main roads are turning into rivers in recife , brazil .  rain expected to be heavy at times during u.s.-germany pla .
 the world 's most wi-fi-connected airlines are ... <sec> there 's now a 24 % chance your international flight will have wi-fi access , according to routehapp .  in the united states , the chance of catching a wi-fi-enabled flight has more than tripled in the past 18 month .
 chicago-area incident still snarling flights <sec> new : faa clean-up crews assessing damage at key air traffic control center .  employee allegedly tried to 'take out ' chicago en route center while attempting suicide .  thousands of flights at o'hare and midway airports canceled since .  ripple effects felt at airports across the countr .
 not even renters safe from foreclosure storm <sec> about 40 % of people facing eviction from foreclosure are renters , coalition finds .  many times , evictions hit renters who are working and financially up-to-date .  only new jersey and d.c. offer renters any protections during a foreclosure .  former mortgage underwriter maria stephens was forced to go shelter with her boy .
 foreigners scramble to get out of egypt as protests turn violent <sec> new : state department warns that evacuation delay is not advisable .  new : the department says u.s. citizens wanting to leave egypt should go to airport after curfew .  1,900 americans and their families have been evacuated , the department says .  the u.s. embassy in cairo remains open to help americans who want to evacuat .
 deputy pepper sprays , detains man with down syndrome <sec> police : antonio martinez was between his home , family bakery when deputy approached .  the developmentally disabled man , 21 , did n't respond to calls and was pepper sprayed .  he was hit and cuffed , despite others ' pleas he had down syndrome , sister says .  martinez was never charged , and a sheriff 's captain says , `` we made a mistake here .
 ebola death toll rises as outbreak accelerates <sec> world health organization says west africa ebola outbreak continues to accelerate .  there are 1,552 confirmed deaths from the ebola virus , who says .  new `` road map '' aims to curb outbreak in six to nine months , stop international spread .  road map acknowledges that the eventual death toll in this outbreak could exceed 20,00 .
 myanmar blogger jailed for 20 years <sec> myanmar court jails blogger , poet and dissidents for anti-regime activitie .
 15,000 russian troops in georgia , u.s. administration officials say <sec> new : u.s. says russian troops moved across border in past several days .  bush warns russia over reported cease-fire violations .  georgia , russia accuse each other of breaking the truce .  first u.s. humanitarian aid flight lands in georgian capita .
 injured vonn handed downhill title as fog denies maze <sec> lindsey vonn wins sixth successive downhill title after final race canceled .  vonn has been out of action since beginning of february with serious knee injury .  u.s. star now has 17 crystal globes , just two behind ingemar stenmark .  norway 's aksel lund svindal wins men 's downhill even .
 somali sentenced to 25 years for armed piracy incident <sec> d.c. court rules in 2008 case that involved a danish vessel .  man and rest of crew held ship for 71 day .
 cover story : lifetime gets real <sec> lifetime is not just about made-for-tv movies aimed at women anymore .  the network is gravitating towards original programming and reality shows .  shows like `` dance moms '' and `` russian dolls '' trade on existing reality format .
 eriksson selects attacking ivory coast squad <sec> sven goran eriksson names an attack-minded ivory coast squad .  eriksson names six strikers , including chelsea pair didier drogba and salomon kalou .  swedish coach omits three players who were involved at 2006 world cup .  south africa 's all-time record scorer benni mccarthy to miss out on world cu .
 teen athlete fled taliban stronghold to pursue dream <sec> maria toor pakay , 18 , is pakistan 's no . .  1-ranked women 's squash player .  she hails from the country 's tribal region of south waziristan , home to the taliban .  there , militants impose strict islamic law , punish girls who even attend school .  despite risks , lack of a sponsor , pakay has gone pro , is ranked 91st in the worl .
 report : gambia executes first inmates in about 30 years <sec> gambian authorities take 9 inmates from their cells and execute them , amnesty says .  president yahya jammeh has said death row will be cleared by september .  an amnesty spokesman says the executions mark `` a step back '' for gambi .
 bush was right : we 're not at war with islam <sec> after 9/11 , a few americans lashed out at innocent muslims .  julian zelizer : president george w. bush rightly condemned such attacks at the time .  he says that principle has been ignored by some gop politicians .  zelizer : attacking islam is at odds with u.s. constitution and key values nation is seeking to defen .
