 manuel pellegrini banned three games by uefa for referee comments <sec> manchester city boss manuel pellegrini receives a three-game ban from uefa .  pellegrini criticized the swedish referee after his team lost 2-0 to barcelona earlier this month .  unless he wins an appeal , pellegrini misses the return leg in barcelona on march 12 .  city meets lowly sunderland in england 's league cup final sunda .
 british soldier jailed for refusing to fight in afghanistan <sec> lance corp. joe glenton jailed for nine months for refusing to fight .  glenton told cnn he was not a conscientious objector .  27-year-old said conflict was not legitimate use of forc .
 italy must adapt to survive , illy boss warns <sec> the head of illycaffe says italian business has failed to compete internationally .  he says italian industries have shrunk as they have struggled to adapt to a global marketplace .  reforms currently being implemented were needed to restore its economic migh .
 end horror of horses led to slaughter <sec> hln 's jane velez-mitchell wants to save all horses in u.s. from slaughterhouse .  she says the racing industry is creating an overbreeding crisis .  she urges people to contact their representatives to demand action on bil .
 court sees aftermath of london bombings <sec> jurors see video evidence in the trial of three men charged with conspiracy .  one video shows explosion seconds after train leaves liverpool street station .  videos also show three of four suspects in london transport bombing .
 thousands pack st. peter 's square for pope francis ' inauguration <sec> the newly inaugurated pope already has millions of e-mails to answer , vatican says .  pope tweets : `` true power is service . .  the pope must serve all people , especially the poor '' .  argentina 's president is the first head of state to greet francis after the mass .  pope circles st. peter 's square in an open-top vehicle , not surrounded by bulletproof glas .
 car jacker kills reggae star <sec> south african reggae legend lucky dube killed in attempted hijacking .  dube , 43 , killed thursday in johannesburg after hijacker tried to steal his car .  death casts shadow over south africa 's preparations for rugby world cup fina .
 pollsters say left-leaning humala will win peruvian election <sec> new : a quick count of ballots and exit polls put ollanta humala ahead .  new : supporters of the former army officer rally in downtown lima .  centrist candidates cannibalized each other during the first round of votin .
 saudi national arrested in texas on terror charge <sec> khalid ali-m aldawsari is accused of planning to attack targets in texas .  he faces a charge of attempted use of a weapon of mass destructio .
 conclave to elect new pope set for tuesday <sec> new : before friday 's meeting , several cardinals took to the internet to request prayers .  the secretive election for a new pope will start tuesday .  the chimney that sends smoke signals could be raised over the sistine chapel on friday .  the 115 cardinal-electors will draw lots for the rooms in which they stay during the conclav .
 last defense witness called in trial of michael jackson 's doctor <sec> new : defense expert `` perplexed '' by investigator 's conclusions .  addiction specialist testifies jackson was `` probably addicted '' to demerol .  demerol withdrawal could 've caused jackson 's insomnia , expert says .  jury deliberations in murray 's involuntary manslaughter trial could begin early next wee .
 luis suarez : public enemy no . 1 ? <sec> luis suarez hit with 10-game ban for biting by football association .  punishment appears out of proportion with in comparison with past bans .  pizza company offers customers chance to `` bite suarez 's face '' .  in contention to win top player award voted by his fellow professionals on sunda .
 blackwater denies involvement in illicit arms trade <sec> two employees bought , sold weapons on their own , company says .  company fired workers , turned them in to atf , says source .  feds investigating claims blackwater employees made illegal arms deals .  blackwater in spotlight after shootings last weekend that killed 20 iraqi .
 candidate virus for h1n1 vaccine arrives at cdc <sec> the cdc received a candidate vaccine virus for swine flu friday .  cdc : suitable viruses will hopefully be sent to manufacturers by end of next week .  in one vaccine method , viruses swap genes in egg .  another technique uses reverse genetics instead of growing viruses in egg .
 witness : peaceful protesters mowed down in libya <sec> new : `` they never were in control '' of zawiya , a rebel soldier says .  a doctor reports casualties in zawiya ; `` indescribable '' violence , a witness says .  tear gas and rubber bullets are used in tripoli , witnesses say .  forces loyal to moammar gadhafi clash with fighters in eastern liby .
 uk jets intercept russian aircraft near british airspace <sec> uk : russian military planes were flying in international waters near cornwall .  russian aircraft did n't cross into british airspace , uk defence ministry say .
 muslim brotherhood leader : qatar asked us to leave <sec> leading members of muslim brotherhood 's political wing say qatar asked them to move .  qatar has not publicly addressed the matter .  a muslim brotherhood member says online that other members will honor the reques .
 what 's next for benghazi terror suspect ahmed abu khatallah ? <sec> new : abu khatallah is being held on the uss new york .  terror suspect ahmed abu khatallah did not put up a fight when captured .  he is to face trial in federal court .  his capture may have political ramifications in washingto .
 cnn student news - august 12 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 two-time emmy award winner bea arthur dead at 86 <sec> actress bea arthur dies of cancer at age 86 , spokesman says .  `` maude , '' `` golden girls '' star was at home with family in los angeles .  arthur is survived by two sons and grandchildre .
 'no idea ' where deep water oil is drifting <sec> andreas thurnherr says it may surprise that much still unknown about spill 's flow in deep sea .  surface oil can be measured , he says , but vagaries of dispersal at depths thwart technology .  thurnherr : data collection must continue when spill is done to gauge environmental impac .
 possible war crimes in congo , u.n. spokesman says <sec> new : if civilians were killed , deaths may constitute war crimes , spokesman says .  u.n. chief : rebels in east congo pose `` poisonous consequences '' for country .  cease-fire in congo unraveling in third straight day of fighting .  battles between warlord laurent nkunda 's rebels and army spreading , u.n. say .
 anna duritskaya : girlfriend with nemtsov when killed <sec> anna duritskaya , a 23-year-old ukrainian model , was boris nemtsov 's girlfriend .  she was with nemtsov when unknown attackers shot him dead in mosco .
 rock star 's ex-wife recalls 'panic ' in mumbai <sec> manuela testolini says colleague saw man killed outside restaurant .  prince 's ex-wife says gunmen pursued her , diners as they fled .  nearby , cnn employee hid from gunfire under bed at taj .  yasmin wong ran past bodies in hotel 's halls as she sought exi .
 keep your shoes , jackets on : tsa to expand pre-screening program <sec> the tsa will allow pre-screening at 60 more airports , expand it at 40 current airports .  precheck participants can skip removing shoes , other items after verifying their identities .  expansion is part of tsa effort to change `` one-size-fits-all approach '' to securit .
 pope 's sister prayed he would n't be picked <sec> the pope 's sister says she had previously prayed that her brother would n't be picked .  `` i did n't want my brother to leave ( argentina ) , '' maria elena bergoglio says .  now , the pope 's proud sister says he will be a pope for the people .  on the selection of her brother : `` the church opened its doors . .
 ebola patients left to lie on the ground <sec> island clinic near monrovia , liberia , offers 120 new ebola treatment beds .  clinic did not appear to be ready on opening day .  patients ended up laying on the ground , too weak to mov .
 district attorney reopens case of first missing child on milk carton <sec> etan patz was first missing child whose picture was put on a milk carton .  he disappeared in may 1979 as he walked two blocks to school bus stop .  district attorney had promised during his election campaign to reopen case .  top suspect had made , then denied , statement connecting him to etan , author sai .
 egypt through to world cup playoffs <sec> egypt through to african world cup qualifying playoffs after beating mozambique 1-0 .  ivory coast also progress as winner of group c , beating tanzania 4-2 in dar es salaam .  tunisia and algeria also through to playoffs in october and november .  group a winner ethiopia facing fifa investigation over ineligible player fielded last weeken .
 brown defends uk fight in afghanistan <sec> gordon brown : afghanistan campaign crucial to preventing terror attacks .  brown rejects charge uk troops killed because of lack of helicopters .  uk shocked by deaths of 15 troops in 10 days including 8 in one day .  uk forces have joined with u.s. , afghan troops in offensive in helman .
 self-driving cars now legal in california <sec> gov . .  jerry brown signs a bill that will regulate self-driving cars in california .  google co-founder sergey brin hopes to have self-driving cars on public roads within five years .  brin says self-driving cars address safety , traffic and lifestyle issue .
 space weather : fine , with a chance of solar flares <sec> space weather prediction center watches skies for solar activity .  coronal mass ejections can disrupt satellites and power grids .  the sun is at its `` solar maximum '' -- but its activity is described as `` modest .
 clinton discusses human rights , regional security in tajikistan <sec> new : clinton talks with the president of uzbekistan about human rights .  in tajikistan , she discusses the `` new silk road , '' an initiative aimed at developing the region .  clinton thanks the tajik president for support in trying to defeat al-qaeda and bringing security to afghanistan .  she also addresses human rights concerns and the need for free and independent medi .
 cameroonians plan anti-government protests <sec> the protests are planned for wednesday .  `` people yearn to see a change in government , '' organizer says .  protests are planned in douala and the capital , yaound .
 arab spring fallout : more sophisticated weapons in gaza <sec> sources in gaza : shoulder-launched anti-aircraft missile was fired at an israeli helicopter .  it is the first time a weapon of this type has been used against an israeli aircraft .  source in gaza said the strela sa-7 originally came from liby .
 swedish journalists receive 11 years in jail <sec> new : a long prison term in ethiopia could be a death sentence , the journalists ' agency says .  the journalists ' attorney says they are `` very disappointed '' by the verdict .  the judge says the two failed to prove their innocence .  human rights groups say ethiopia failed to provide justic .
 'snl ' obama sketch marks end of honeymoon <sec> recent `` saturday night live '' sketch attacked president obama .  political pundits , media seized on sketch as meaningful .  it marks end of honeymoon , one observer says , but probably not much more .  `` snl '' can `` intensify '' storylines but is mostly a barometer , says exper .
 malaysian court : iranian can be extradited to thailand over bangkok blasts <sec> the iranian suspect is wanted by the thai authorities in relation to a string of blasts in bangkok .  masoud sedaghatzadeh was arrested in kuala lumpur a day after the bombings .  a judge rules he can be extradited , but sedaghatzadeh plans to apply to be released .  two other iranian suspects are being held in thailand , while two more are still at larg .
 obama : health care progress a victory for american people <sec> obama praises health care step , dismisses opponents ' argument .  key vote on health bill early monday splits along party lines .  many political observers believe monday 's outcome bodes well for final passage .  the u.s. house has already passed its version of the health care bil .
 officials : 1 killed , 16 hospitalized when storm collapses st. louis tent <sec> new : the man killed is identified by police as illinois resident alfred goodman , 58 .  the city had issued a permit for the tent ; an investigation will be conducted .  wind hits sports bar tent near busch stadium in st. louis .  fire officials say one person was killed , at least 16 hospitalize .
 iran to discuss pipeline with india , pakistan <sec> iranian president traveling to pakistan , india to discuss pipeline deal .  pipeline would bring iranian gas to the two countries .  united states has urged pakistan , india not to sign deal with ira .
 white house shooting suspect pleads not guilty <sec> oscar ortega-hernandez will remain in custody until his trial .  he was indicted last week on 17 criminal counts .  he is accused of shooting a rifle at the white house in novembe .
 how one activist survived a russian jail : mrs. tiggy-winkle and chess <sec> hewetson was among 28 activists and 2 journalists arrested at an arctic oil rig .  he was locked in a dilapidated russian prison that conjured images from the cold war .  he survived by reading and playing chess with his cellmates .  he was freed under a sweeping amnesty program in russi .
 moldova : romania to blame for twitter riots <sec> up to 10,000 gathered tuesday in moldova 's capital chisinau .  many demonstrators summoned by facebook or twitter .  protesters claim recent parliamentary elections were rigge .
 newcomers score big on emmy night <sec> new : `` modern family '' beats `` glee '' for best comedy emmy win .  new : `` mad men '' wins emmy for best drama series .  claire danes wins her first emmy , in `` temple grandin '' .  aaron paul of `` breaking bad , '' jim parsons of `` big bang theory '' score surprise win .
 will navy yard rampage move the dial on gun control ? <sec> the immediate reaction to the navy yard shooting seems more restrained than after newtown .  while some lawmakers are still calling on congress to do something , other say action is doubtful .  some argue mental health may be the next legislative path .  others say navy yard adds to growing sense mass shootings are growing worse and more frequen .
 federer ends drought with swiss win <sec> third seed roger federer defeats kei nishikori to win the swiss indoors title in basel .  federer cruises to a 6-1 6-3 victory for a fifth triumph in his 'home ' tournament .  the success ends a 10-month drought for federer since winning event in doh .
 marine helicopter lands in hawaii bay ; 1 dead , 3 hurt <sec> the ch-53d sea stallion helicopter made an emergency landing in kaneohe bay .  two crew members are in critical condition , while one is stabl .
 hold scalise accountable for speech to hate group ( opinion ) <sec> donna brazile : rep. scalise explains meeting with hate group as mistaken political appearance .  she says it 's more than that ; it shows pols willingness to trade away american values for vote .
 nascar driver keeps it in high gear , even on vacation <sec> nascar driver brian vickers enjoys skydiving , spear fishing and scuba diving .  vickers considers jackson hole , wyoming , a `` high-octane adventure '' .  he loves exploring new places , cultures , experiences and , of course , thrill .
 messi worry mars barca 's title joy <sec> barcelona star lionel messi unable to continue his 21-game domestic scoring run .  four-time world player of year goes off during 2-1 win over atletico madrid .  paris saint-germain win french title for the first time since 1994 .  sunday 's 1-0 win over lyon puts psg seven points clear with two games lef .
 police say sex offenders wore gps monitors during killings <sec> new : the two sex offenders ' arraignment on new charges tuesday is postponed .  suspects steven dean gordon and franc cano are convicted sex offenders .  gordon was convicted in 1992 ; cano in 2007 .  both were wearing gps monitors during the killings , police sa .
 hands-on with the dell streak 7 tablet <sec> beginning february 2 , the dell streak 7 tablet will be available for $ 200 .  streak 7 will be able to connect to t-mobile 's hspa+ 4g network .  web browsing and video playback were all quite smoot .
 debbie rowe 's lawyer : no deal in jackson case <sec> new : debbie rowe 's lawyer wants new york post to retract report .  lawyer : report that rowe agreed to payment to drop custody challenge is `` false '' .  rowe is mother of michael jackson 's two oldest children .  custody hearing scheduled for monda .
 car bomb kills six in colombia <sec> more than 40 other people wounded wednesday morning in buenaventura , colombia .  blast occurred in town center , near city hall , causing panic among nearby residents .  local hospital declared state of emergency , media reporte .
 thousands forced to flee as arizona wildfire rages <sec> new : officials order a partial evacuation of the arizona town of eagar .  new : the latest orders raise the number of fire evacuees to more than 5,000 .  the fire has scorched 311,481 acres in eastern arizona so far .  forecasters warn of an elevated fire risk tuesday and wednesda .
 conductive paint : the technology that could change the world <sec> a group of students in london has developed electrically conductive paint .  the paint allows wiring to be applied to paper , metal and even textiles .  it is now being used in projects around the world including interactive posters and home-made toy .
 record rain , steep canyons fueled colorado floods <sec> boulder county says only 4 still unaccounted for .  boulder saw nearly half its annual rainfall in a single day .  `` it all happened fairly quickly , '' a scientist says .  nebraska warily watches the rising south platt .
 chinese fans dare to dream big but come up short in morocco <sec> hong kong slumbers through the asian champions ' crunch match against bayern munich .  bayern wins the game 3-0 , but guangzhou fans delight in being on the same pitch as bayern .  the chinese team beat african champions al ahly to set up the semifinal clash with bayern .  newly wealthy guangzhou is making new fans across chin .
 china high-speed rail train airline airport delay <sec> china 's high-speed rail network is now the world 's busiest with daily ridership exceeding 1.3 million .  china launched the country 's first high-speed service in 2007 .  the rapid construction has raised doubts about the service 's safety and commercial viability .  the government plans to complete a 25,000-kilometer high-speed network by 202 .
 family of wwi veteran looks forward to 110th birthday <sec> family : health of u.s. world war i veteran , 109 , is declining .  plans under way , when the time comes , for eventual funeral at arlington .  frank buckles still pushing national status for a washington city memorial .  renovations under way at the 1930s dc sit .
 fresh protests follow uyghur crackdown <sec> hundreds protest mass arrests following ethnic unrest in china 's xinjiang region .  protesters -- mostly women and elderly -- shouted names of relatives being held .  at least 1,434 held by chinese police following weekend uyghur protests .  156 people killed and more than 800 others injured in violenc .
 tropical depression forms in gulf ; coastal states brace for storm <sec> new : storm warning stretches from pascagoula , mississippi , to sabine , texas .  louisiana governor declares state of emergency .  new orleans mayor warns residents to prepare for flooding .  shell joins bp and exxonmobil in evacuating offshore platform .
 federal agents arrest hundreds in ms-13 gang sweep <sec> new : federal agents also seize drugs , firearms and cash .  gang sweep nabs 158 members and associates of notorious ms-13 gang , among others .  immigration agents made the arrests in july and early august .  the fbi calls ms-13 an `` exceedingly violent '' gan .
