 grammy nominee rises high and fast <sec> r & b singer jazmine sullivan is up for five awards next month .  sullivan 's hits include `` need u bad '' and `` bust your windows '' .  singer is a protegee of missy elliott ' .
 pat summitt says she felt forced out as tennessee coach after diagnosis <sec> coaching legend filed affidavit as part of a lawsuit by former university employee .  summitt won more than 1,000 games and eight national titles .  she has been diagnosed with early-onset alzheimer 's .  she still has role with team as coach emeritu .
 boston bruins bring 'frozen ' to sick kids <sec> boston bruins hockey players dress up `` frozen '' -style for halloween .  the team made their annual visit to boston children 's hospital .  bruins defenseman dougie hamilton was decked out as elsa .  a few players knew the words to the movie 's hit song , `` let it go .
 how will the april fools ' computer worm affect you ? <sec> computer experts worried about april fools ' worm -- the conficker.c .  conficker.c is thought to have already infected up to 10 million computers .  microsoft offering $ 250,000 bounty to catch program 's creato .
 suit filed in police shooting of man with samurai sword <sec> darrien hunt was shot to death while brandishing a samurai-type sword .  the family will ask for more than $ 2 million , says lawyer .  prosecutors say hunt lunged at police , but the family says he was shot while runnin .
 church of england to allow female bishops <sec> new : anglican priest says she thinks the decision is `` wonderful news '' .  church of england leaders have voted to allow women to become bishops .  it required a two-thirds majority by all three voting bodies -- the bishops , clergy and laity .  the church said the first female bishop could be appointed by the end of the yea .
 judge : nsa domestic phone data-mining unconstitutional <sec> snowden says he knew the surveillance would not withstand legal review .  the limited ruling opens the door to possible further legal challenges .  the nsa data-mining can continue , pending a likely appeal .  classified leaks by edward snowden revealed the extent of the data-minin .
 settlement for bullying victim 's parents made public <sec> phoebe prince 's parents receive $ 225,000 settlement after daughter 's 2010 suicide .  15-year-old prince hanged herself in january 2010 after being bullied by classmates .  details of settlement made public after reporter sues massachusetts town for acces .
 does it matter what sinead o'connor says to miley cyrus ? <sec> sinead o'connor tells miley cyrus to stop allowing herself to be `` pimped '' .  do her comments have any bearing on our lives ? .  we took to twitter to find out .  we want to hear from you ! .  share your thoughts in the comment .
 oil spill threatens native american land <sec> gulf oil spill threatens sacred burial ground of louisiana 's point aux chenes indian tribe .  most of the tribe 's 700 members also rely on fishing and fear the spill could end their way of life .  members say no federal or state officials have advised them on dealing with the disaster .  native americans from alaska told the tribe how they dealt with the 1989 exxon valdez spil .
 formula 1 chiefs save british grand prix <sec> formula 1 will continue in britain after deal between silverstone and sport 's chief bernie ecclestone .  announcement by the track 's owners means the oldest race on the f1 calendar keeps its place .  donington was to host british grand prix from 2010 but failed to secure $ 200 million for redevelopmen .
 'arab idol 's ' first contestant from gaza grabs spotlight <sec> mohammed assaf , 22 , is the first `` arab idol '' finalist from gaza .  palestinian officials had to make special arrangements to get him to cairo for auditions .  palestinian president mahmoud abbas called to congratulate the college student last weeken .
 of good report : the serial killer movie they tried to ban <sec> new south african movie of good report '' was originally banned .  director jahmil x.t . .  qubeka talks to cnn about the movie and the ban .  the film had been selected to open the durban international film festival .  ban was overturned on appeal and qubeka was given artistic bravery awar .
 world toilet day aims to improve sanitation for 2.5 billion <sec> 2.5 billion people do not have access to a toilet or sustainable sanitation .  november 19 , 2013 has been designated first world toilet day by united nations .  in many countries , girls stay home from school or drop out all together due to lack of a safe place to change and clea .
 6 heart-healthy valentine 's day desserts <sec> keep your heart and your tummy happy this valentine 's day .  these recipes substitute low-fat and healthier ingredients .  you do n't have to sacrifice delicious desserts for healt .
 former weezer bassist dead at 40 <sec> chicago police found an `` unresponsive '' man in a hotel , a spokesman says .  mikey welsh was a painter before becoming a musician .  he replaced weezer 's longtime bassist matt sharp , then left the band in 200 .
 bp : oil leak could be stopped by next week <sec> new : well could be shut off next week , bp official says .  new : coast guard announces flow rate assessment group .  epa orders bp to find less toxic chemical to use to break up oil .  oil seeping into louisiana wetland .
 gwyneth paltrow makes people mad -- again <sec> paltrow compared negative comments on the internet to war .  it 's not the first time her remarks have stirred strife .  she recently complained of balancing motherhood with celebrit .
 prince william gives diana 's ring to fiancee kate middleton <sec> new : both the ring and kate are `` special to me , '' the prince says .  the engagment ring his mother , diana , wore was last seen in public in 1996 .  prince william and kate middleton are both 28 .  the wedding is planned for the spring or summer of 201 .
 van persie double gives arsenal precious epl win <sec> arsenal beat sunderland 2-1 at emirates to move into top half of epl .  two superb goals from robin van persie give arsenal three points .  tottenham held 2-2 at newcastle in top six clash at st jamess park .  juventus still top italy serie a after goalless draw against chiev .
 feel the relief of a facebook purge <sec> social networks like facebook increase jealousy because information is more accessible .  study shows 60 % of respondents look at romantic interests ' facebook profiles daily .  first hint ? .  do n't make your relationship official on facebook at the beginnin .
 outrage over auction of alleged paul walker sunglasses <sec> a seller claims to have found items at walker crash site .  rep for auction site said sunglasses match photo of actor .  police told la weekly they doubt glasses are authenti .
 supreme court wrong to curb ohio early voting ( opinion ) <sec> supreme court ruled ohio could restrict early voting ; other gop states have also done it .  donna brazile : court ruling also ends convenient hours that help working people vote .  brazile : more and more people vote early , so gop efforts to discourage it has big impact .  brazile : democracy relies on participation ; we 've never done better by excluding folk .
 washington 's 'poet ' of crime returns <sec> author george pelecanos returns with his new novel , `` the cut '' .  the first in a new series features iraq war vet and private investigator spero lucas .  pelecanos is also currently a producer and writer for hbo 's new orleans-set `` treme .
 why has coverage of women 's sport stopped post olympics ? <sec> cnn 's amanda davies heralds impact london olympics had on women 's sport .  coverage of female sport was unprecedented for two weeks of the games .  focus was on ability , power and performances and not on hair or shoes .  but 12 months on where has all the coverage of women 's sport gone .
 'i have absolutely no clue ' on mcstay family 's slaying , merritt said in interview <sec> chase merritt told cnn in january that he met joseph mcstay in 2007 .  they did business together but they were also close friends , merritt says .  he was the last person to see mcstay the day he , his wife and two kids vanished , he told cnn .  police believe merritt , acting alone , killed the four family members in their hom .
 obama warns russia : there will be costs for intervention in ukraine <sec> u.s. state department warns americans against non-essential travel to ukraine .  `` there will be costs for any military intervention in ukraine , '' president barack obama says .  `` we are strong enough to defend ourselves , '' ukrainian ambassador says .  russian president vladimir putin to eu leaders : ukraine must avoid an escalation of violenc .
 the tech smoothing the airport journey <sec> airports are using phone tracking to give passengers updates on flight status , airport retail deals , more .  easyjet is also trialing drones for plane inspections .  the carrier is looking at virtual reality to help pilots and engineer .
 philippa gregory reigns with new novel <sec> philippa gregory has found fame writing historical fiction .  her new novel , `` the white queen , '' is set during the wars of the roses .  gregory believes modern-day readers will be able to relate to the protagonist .  story tells perspective of elizabeth woodville , queen consort to edward i .
 obama authorizes 'targeted airstrikes ' in iraq <sec> kerry : `` the world can not sit by and watch innocents die '' .  obama says he 's authorized `` targeted airstrikes '' in iraq .  obama : `` we do whatever is necessary to protect our people '' .  the united states drops humanitarian aid in iraq , official say .
 rwandan held in germany over 1994 assassination <sec> aide to rwandan president held over assassination that sparked genocide .  rose kabuye arrested saturday at frankfurt airport while on private visit .  leaders of rwanda , burundi killed when plane was shot down in 199 .
 hong kong appoints new leader <sec> cy leung elected chief executive of hong kong .  decision made by 1,200 members of election committee .  hundreds of protesters called for popular vote .  cy leung replaces outgoing chief executive donald tsan .
 tom colicchio : put an end to factory farming ( opinion ) <sec> tom colicchio : `` the meatrix : relaunched '' is an important benchmark of the evolution of sustainable food movement .  but factory farms continued to reap large profits while producing subpar meat , polluting nature and damaging our health .  colicchio : we need to ask members of congress to promote sustainable farmin .
 danger on the slopes : are winter sports safe ? <sec> fis has top 10 rules for skiing safety on the slopes .  world governing body recommends use of helmets .  two canadian world cup competitors lost their lives in 2012 .  statistics point to winter sports being safer than other activitie .
 by the numbers : u.s.-mexico relations <sec> u.s. leaders have made 32 visits to mexico ; mexican leaders have visited the u.s. 54 times .  almost a third of the foreign-born population in the u.s. was born in mexico .  this week 's visit will be obama 's third to mexico and his first since enrique peña nieto 's electio .
 fifa to probe reports of punishment of north korean players and coach <sec> fifa contacts north korean fa to investigate reports of government interference .  players reportedly faced six-hour critique in auditorium on return from world cup .  coach said to have been sentenced to hard labor after team lost all three matches .  fifa has strict rules about no government interference with its member association .
 barefoot 'homeless ' man from viral nypd photo has apartment , city agency says <sec> a photo of a police officer aiding a barefoot , presumably homeless man went viral .  a tourist 's photo captured the officer helping the barefoot man with a new pair of boots .  the officer bought the boots for the man .  the city agency for the homeless says the man has an apartment in the bron .
 'broad coalition ' of nations will help fight isis , john kerry says in iraq <sec> kerry says the u.s. and about 40 other nations are helping fight isis in iraq .  the u.s. has launched 150 airstrikes to fight isis in iraq , kerry says in baghdad .  the diplomat will visit other arab countries to make his push for a coalition to fight militants .  kerry will also make a stop in paris for an international conference on ira .
 is u.n. ignoring janjaweed danger ? ( opinion ) <sec> ten years ago this week , colin powell declared that genocide had been committed in darfur .  janjaweed fighters formed the backbone of attack forces unleashed on darfur , says akshaya kumar .  security council has voted to keep peacekeepers in darfur for another 10 months , kumar says .  but kumar argues new guidelines overlook ongoing threat posed by fighter .
 reports : antidepressants found at andreas lubitz home <sec> reports say investigators found antidepressants in andreas lubitz 's apartment .  patrick sondenheimer was the pilot of the doomed flight , says a man who says he 's a relative .  ripped medical-leave notes found at his home indicate the co-pilot hid an illness , officials sa .
 euro deal reached , but crisis far from over <sec> thomas kleine-brockhoff says deal in emergency eu summit promising , crisis not over .  he says sarkozy , merkel faced huge task in uniting eurozone leaders on plan for greece .  he says the markets are likely to poke holes in deal ; there 's no telling what banks will do next .  writer : the u.s. should come to rescue next and support upping imf 's financial involvemen .
 chelsea manning breaks silence , accuses u.s. of lying about iraq <sec> chelsea manning was sentenced to 35 years in prison for leaking documents to wikileaks .  at the time , manning went by the first name bradley .  manning has stayed out of the limelight since the convictio .
 white house , congressional leaders reach debt deal <sec> new : obama , boehner both say the deal is n't perfect .  the agreement calls for more than $ 2.4 trillion in deficit reduction .  the proposed deal would extend the debt limit through 2012 .  congress must raise the $ 14.3 trillion debt ceiling by tuesday or risk defaul .
 dortmund drama keeps champions league hope alive <sec> borussia dortmund scored twice in stoppage time to secure a 3-2 win over malaga .  german side trailed 2-1 after 90 minutes before stunning late show .  galatasaray claims 3-2 win over real madrid in istanbul .  spanish side prevails 5-3 on aggregate with cristiano ronaldo scoring twic .
 police : 2 inmates killed , 14 people wounded in iraqi prison riot <sec> the wounded include guards and inmates , police said .  the riot occurred at the main prison for salaheddin province .  prisoners say they were protesting bad treatment and corruptio .
 civil war prison site brings together descendants of captor , guard <sec> doug carter and nina raeth have become friends after meeting at site of camp lawton .  graduate student kevin chapman led the archaeological team in the field .  he says artifacts provide insight to civil war prisoners ' life and circumstance .
 navajo police officer killed by hostage-taker <sec> a man holds his family hostage with an ar-15 , police respond .  the man shoots at navajo nation officers , killing 1 and wounding 1 .  the suspect is shot to death hours later in red valley , arizon .
 jasper johns paintings stolen , sold in art fraud scheme <sec> da accuses james meyer of stealing 22 pieces of unfinished art from a studio file drawer .  the works were sold by a manhattan gallery for $ 6.5 million , the da says .  meyer was a studio assistant for johns for more than 25 year .
 bizarre signs become street art in copenhagen <sec> doug lansky has been collecting photos of amusing signs for 17 years .  the `` signspotting '' street exhibition opened in copenhagen last week .  reproducing the life-sized signs from tiny photographs is a painstaking task .  each sign was digitally enlarged and mounted on metal pole .
 norway mass murder suspect charged <sec> anders behring breivik is accused of killing 77 people last summer .  prosecutors say he is psychotic and should be hospitalized .  there has been a fierce debate over his sanity , which will affect his punishment .  breivik admits the killings but pleads not guilty , a judge has sai .
 cnn student news - january 13 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 pterodactyl fossil fills gaps in evolutionary tale <sec> researchers say rare fossil find provides evidence of one theory of evolution .  20 fossilized pterodactyls found in china in rock dating back 160 million years .  fossils show creatures had characteristics of two types of known pterodactyls .  scientists say fossils show groups of features changed relatively rapidl .
 man arrested in couple 's beach house slaying <sec> 20-year-old joshua packer arrested in stabbing deaths .  man , pregnant wife stabbed to death in california home in may .  couple 's two young children were left unharmed ; home not ransacke .
 obama 's post-election strategy <sec> president barack obama has a fast start after election debacle .  moving quickly : more military advisers for iraq , ag nomination , ebola funding request .  big staff shake-ups have not been obama 's style , and that 's unlikely to happe .
 10 relationship non-negotiables <sec> `` the frisky '' readers on what issues in a relationship are absolutely non-negotiable .  readers want someone who feels the same way about having kids .  faithfulness , loyalty , and dependability all fall under the honesty umbrella .  having ambition and financial stability is importan .
 promises made as power outages persist <sec> new : outages in new jersey are down to 57,000 customers .  residents on saturday are waiting for their power to be restored .  new jersey gov . .  chris christie promises results by saturday night .  those on long island still in the dark about when power may be restore .
 high court split over execution of child rapists <sec> louisiana man is on death row for the rape of his 8-year-old stepdaughter .  court banned execution for rape in 1970s , but louisiana law differs .  stevens , ginsburg and breyer express concern about fair application of law .  justice kennedy might be the swing vot .
 'whitey ' bulger enjoyed vegas gambling trips , prosecutors say <sec> bulger admitted to agents that he took trips to vegas , boston and mexico , document says .  investigators found $ 822,198 cash hidden in the walls of his home , filing says .  the document was filed by prosecutors who say bulger should pay his own legal fee .
 2 new york police officers shot to death <sec> baltimore police reached out to nypd .  two nypd officers , wenjian liu and rafael ramos , shot in brooklyn .  police have named ismaaiyl brinsley as shooter .  both officers shot ambush-style while sitting in a patrol ca .
 rescues in japan : 'thought today was the last day of my life ' <sec> prime minister naoto kan says about 15,000 people have been rescued so far .  60-year-old man survives clinging to debris at sea ; wife swept away .  japanese troops canvass region searching for any signs of lif .
 former defense secretary blames obama <sec> fmr . .  defense secretary leon panetta says obama should have left troops in iraq .  panetta says other military commanders shared his views .  despite this , panetta says u.s. troops should not be sent back to iraq .  panetta served as obama 's secretary of defense from 2011 until 201 .
 dna trail leads to arrest in wisconsin serial killings <sec> dna found on bodies of nine women matched to walter e. ellis , police say .  ellis charged in two killings and more charges likely , police say .  police chief hails arrest : `` this case was solved with shoe leather and science '' .  the women were killed between 1986 and 200 .
 picasso painting damaged at new york museum <sec> woman visiting metropolitan museum of art falls onto painting , tears the canvas .  six-inch tear is on the lower right-hand corner of the painting .  painting should be ready in time for the late april exhibition of 250 works by picass .
 decades later , asbestos-ravaged town has its day in court <sec> federal prosecutors blame mining company for asbestos pollution .  doctors say pollution killed at least 200 and sickened at least 1,000 .  government says company knowingly covered up dangers .  w.r. grace has said it `` categorically denies any criminal wrongdoing .
