 afghanistan slams drone strike that killed pakistani taliban leader <sec> karzai says he hopes the killing of hakimullah mehsud wo n't hurt cooperation with pakistan .  he made the comments when he met with a u.s. congressional delegation .  a u.s. drone strike in northwestern pakistan killed mehsud last week .  afghan officials plan to travel to pakistan to meet a former afghan taliban leade .
 isis tries to justify enslaving , sex with women , girls <sec> isis produces a document , `` question and answers on female slaves and their freedom '' .  it has been posted online , and armed men distributed it to residents of mosul .  in it , isis claims the quran justifies taking non-muslim women and girls captive .  it also says they can be sold as `` property , '' and that sex with captive girls is permissibl .
 opinion : what advice on being a good dad leaves out <sec> laura stepp : lots of new shows , books and programs on being a good father these days .  that 's good , she says , but fewer and fewer american families have a dad at home .  fathers more likely to walk away when a child was unplanned , she says .  stepp : let 's emphasize that the best way to be a good dad is to wait till you 're read .
 ahmadinejad accused of tainting iran 's image in tv debate <sec> in a first for iran , nation holds debates televised live ahead of presidential elections .  mir hossein mousavi accuses ahmadinejad of behaving like a dictator .  mousavi : ahmadinejad 's denials of the holocaust had repulsed iran 's allies . .  ahmadinejad accused iran 's former presidents of corruption , mismanagemen .
 farnborough celebrates 60 years <sec> farnborough international airshow celebrates its 60th year in 2008 .  flying displays will include spitfire and sea hawk planes which first flew in 1948 .  aerospace industry will be represented by 1,500 companies from 25 countries .  professionals will be able to see the mig 29 and the f 16 fighter jets in the ai .
 afghan offensive will take another month , general says <sec> nato troops need 25-30 days to secure areas in helmand province , uk general says .  three more months needed to be sure insurgents stay out , says maj. gen. nick carter .  but afghan offensive has reached `` end of the beginning , '' he say .
 new photos highlight rainforest devastation <sec> new photography exhibition showcases the destruction of the rainforests .  images taken by world-renowned environmental photographer daniel beltra .  photos form part of wider rainforest campaign by britain 's prince charle .
 jackson 's personal chef : house went from happy to hysterical <sec> kai chase served as michael jackson 's personal chef , said he ate well .  she says she and jackson children held hands , cried , prayed during health crisis .  chase says she saw dr. conrad murray bring oxygen tanks into jackson household .  life in the jackson household was orderly and loving , the chef observe .
 more deaths amid europe 's big freeze <sec> kiev has its coldest night in 83 years .  65 people have died in ukraine as a result of the cold , emergency officials say .  at least six people have died from the cold in serbia , state media report .  frigid air from siberia is to blame for the unusually cold weather in eastern europ .
 republicans aim to expand gubernatorial power <sec> republicans could gain four gubernatorial seats this year , crossing the 30-seat mark nationally .  republican gains could help the gop fight federal initiatives like health care reform .  races in washington and north carolina could elect gop governors for the first time since the 1980 .
 alex rodriguez : 'i 'm fighting for my life ' <sec> new : the new york yankees star is booed at monday night 's game .  rodriguez describes the last seven months as a `` nightmare '' .  major league baseball suspends rodriguez for 211 games .  12 other players agree to 50-game suspensions without pa .
 hadron collider breakthrough as beams collide <sec> large hadron collider to begin smashing proton beams at high speed .  $ 10 billion research tool back online after tech glitches caused 18-month delay .  scientists hope project will prove existence of higgs boson `` god particle .
 meet elizabeth : the heart and soul of 'bioshock infinite ' <sec> elizabeth , a troubled 19-year-old , is the emotional centerpiece of `` bioshock infinite '' .  creators wanted a unique companion character to increase emotional investment .  the game was delayed more than a year to get elizabeth right .  `` bioshock infinite '' will be released tuesday worldwid .
 james bond at risk of early death from alcohol , study says <sec> study looked at 14 james bond novels .  about 2.5 million deaths worldwide are attributable to alcohol use .  researchers project bond could die at age 56 because of alcohol us .
 nsa official : snowden amnesty 'worth having a conversation about ' <sec> new : official who 's assessing damage says he 's willing to talk if it cuts off flow of secrets .  reports say one nsa reform recommendation is changing leadership from military to civilian .  another reported proposal is giving control over cell phone records to a third party .  a review board 's recommendations wo n't be made public until next mont .
 death toll from china plane crash down to 42 <sec> new : 5 children in critical condition .  the death toll is down from 43 to 42 .  54 people survive china 's first crash in six years .  survivors cite violent shaking prior to impac .
 german government approves plan to go nuclear-free <sec> the cabinet votes to shut down all nuclear power plants by 2022 .  germany rethought its nuclear strategy after the nuclear catastrophe in japan in march .  parliament must still approve the bill .  germany will rely on natural gas among other resources for the time bein .
 u.s. couple , cleared in child 's death , hope to return home soon from qatar <sec> a u.s. couple has been cleared of the death of their child .  they have been told they are free to go , but qatari officials have blocked them .  diplomatic sources say their release is coming soo .
 after years in captivity , dolphins released <sec> two dolphins were returned to the wild , after 5 to 6 years in captivity .  trainers are tracking the dolphins , and they are doing well .  two years ago , the dolphins were the main attraction at a run-down turkish tourist park .  lead trainer jeff foster worked to help release keiko , the orca from the 1993 movie `` free willy .
 police arrest husband of slain iraqi woman <sec> kassim al-himidi is in custody on suspicion of murdering his iraqi wife .  shaima alawadi , 32 , died in march after she was attacked at her home .  a note beside the body called the family `` terrorists , '' her daughter said .  police say now alawadi 's death was the result of domestic violence , not a hate crim .
 ntc begins sunday to discuss new , temporary government <sec> the ntc wants to form a government that will carry libya into elections .  forming the new government could take a week , a senior ntc member says .  the interim government would include a premier , a vice premier , and 22 minister .
 tony stewart wo n't face charges in other racer 's death <sec> family of kevin ward jr. still blames stewart , indicates might pursue other legal options .  ward jr. was killed during a break in a dirt-track race when he was hit by stewart 's car .  ward was under the influence of marijuana , district attorney says .  stewart says he will keep ward in his thought .
 tales of people who survived after days adrift in sea <sec> a south carolina man says he spent 66 days alone at sea before being rescued .  other sole survivor stories include a japanese man washed away by a tsunami .  an el salvador man says he drifted from mexico to marshall islands over a yea .
 high tide alert for india 's financial capital <sec> india 's financial capital of mumbai put on a high-tide alert .  officials expect a water rise of up to 197 inches ( 5 meters ) .  sea tides expected to rise 5 meters friday , 4.9 meters saturday , 4.7 meters sunday .  high tides also forecast from august 19 to 2 .
 pope aids change in u.s.-cuba policy - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the white house says pope francis wrote letters to both countries and hosted meetings at the vatican .  new vatican diplomats understand latin america , former ambassador says .  the pope congratulates washington and havana on improved relations and release of prisone .
 gen. honoré : evacuate most vulnerable haitians <sec> gen. russel honoré says haitians should be paid to clean up , do distribution .  says our culture is afraid of poor people in large groups so we focus on security .  honoré says supplies ca n't meet demand ; u.n. should start an evacuation plan for haiti .  general : they should have started to build second airfield the first da .
 how your online dating photo should look <sec> do n't resort to the dreaded standing-in-the-bathroom-with-a-camera shot .  delete any pictures that could have been taken in anywheresville , usa .  go it alone in your profile snaps , not with your better-looking friend .
 tougher penalty proposed for illegal guns in philadelphia <sec> the new law would apply only to the city of philadelphia .  it calls for a two-year minimum sentence for any illegal firearm possession in the city .  `` in urban areas , it 's a much more chronic issue , '' a legislator say .
 weather helps weary california firefighters <sec> new : diminishing santa ana winds aid firefighters .  new : over 1,500 wildfires already this year -- well above average .  charge of arson is filed against one man for a small fire in oceanside .  a 19-year-old man and a 17-year-old juvenile , both of escondido , are arrested in fire prob .
 alec baldwin to end 'here 's the thing ' podcast <sec> alec baldwin will end his podcast in october .  it 's the same month he begins his msnbc talk show .  the podcast will end with an appearance from jerry seinfel .
 can women drive the future of the car industry ? <sec> women influence more than 85 % of new car purchases .  but they make up less than 21 % of the u.s manufacturing industry workforce .  grace lieblein worked as general motors engineer for 34 years , is now company president in brazil .  fewer women in senior management positions in 2010 than in 2005 , according to automotive new .
 egypt reviewing its friends , interim president adly mansour says <sec> adly mansour expresses frustration with turkey and qatar .  he speaks in his first interview since he was installed by the military .  he denies there will be a return to a police state .  mansour defends the actions of police in the crackdown on supporters of mohamed mors .
 fukushima 's 'cold ' reactors pose a constant threat <sec> threats remain despite cold shutdown at fukushima plant .  meltdown at three reactors after last year 's earthquake .  nuclear fuel needs constant cooling , contamination water stored nearby .  nearly 700 aftershocks have been recorded since the march 11 quak .
 podcast : close guantanamo now ! <sec> cnn radio podcast features cnn opinion contributors on top three stories .  dean obeidallah : our guest , aasif mandvi , argues that we should close gitmo .  margaret hoover : jason collins was courageous in coming out of the closet .  john avlon : why not give mark sanford a second chance - even though he had an affair .
 obese saudi arabian man sheds more than 300 pounds <sec> saudi king ordered morbidly obese man hospitalized .  he weighed 1,345 pounds but has lost more than 330 pounds , report say .
 crime writer walter mosley debuts new series <sec> writer walter mosley is best known for his easy rawlins mystery series .  his new book , `` the long fall , '' introduces the character of leonid mcgill .  unlike past books , the new novel is set in modern-day new york .  mosley says he enjoyed first time writing a `` hard-boiled detective '' nove .
 judge 's ruling puts 2nd child in line for adult lungs <sec> a judge says an 11-year-old boy should also be eligible for adult lungs .  parents say a policy prevents many children under 12 from getting a transplant .  the ruling comes a day after a similar ruling for 10-year-old sarah murnaghan .  sarah has cystic fibrosis and may have just weeks to liv .
 finalized rules let religious groups opt out of contraception mandate - cnnpolitics.com <sec> rules let groups like religious hospitals , schools to decline to provide contraception coverage .  but women would still get coverage ; outside provider would pay for contraception .  the rules , first proposed in february , appear to have undergone only minor changes .  obama administration : rules appropriately balance religious liberty , contraception coverag .
 thinking about a wii u ? 15 points to consider <sec> wii u , nintendo 's new gaming system , goes on sale sunday .  at many retailers , the wii u is either long gone or was n't being pre-sold .  the wii u is much more than just a souped up wii with a tablet controller .  total cost of owning a wii u over time will be notably higher than for owning a wi .
 led zeppelin not reuniting anytime soon , but fans can catch band at the movies <sec> `` celebration day '' features a two-hour , 16-song set by surviving members of led zeppelin .  john bonham 's son , jason , fills in for him on the drums .  the 2007 reunion concert in the film was a tribute to atlantic records founder ahmet ertegu .
 the way kids grow , age by age <sec> use a growth chart to see where your child falls among average children .  children seem to grow fastest in the summer and slowest in the fall .  very heavy women tend to have larger babies .  breastfed babies , hispanic and asian-american babies tend to be smalle .
 indonesia executions : australia freezes relations <sec> despite pleas for mercy , indonesia executed eight prisoners on wednesday .  included two of the `` bali nine , '' convicted drug traffickers from australia .  executions will damage relations between countries , but public image will take longer to hea .
 key gop senator calls cuba embargo ineffective <sec> sen. richard lugar : it 's time for u.s. to reconsider economic sanctions against cuba .  indiana lawmaker is ranking republican on senate foreign relations committee .  u.s. began trade embargo in 1962 to pressure communist regime to democracy .  `` we must recognize the ineffectiveness of our current policy , '' lugar writes in lette .
 senate approves nuclear deal with india <sec> deal could let u.s. businesses earn billions building plants in india .  president bush backs the deal ; he 's expected to sign it into law .  u.s. banned nuclear trade with india in 1974 .  sen. harkin , bill opponent : we 're rewarding india for flouting nonproliferation pac .
 mammoth , 'very strange-looking ' dinosaur skull found in canada <sec> a university of calgary paleontologist shows off a pachyrhinosaurus skull .  it 's one of the biggest , if not the biggest , of its kind at 2 to 2.5 meters , she says .  the discovery is also remarkably intact , though there 's still more to reveal .  pachyrhinosaurs lived about 70 million years ago in calgary 's alberta and alask .
 emmys 2013 : what you need to know <sec> `` nurse jackie 's '' merritt wever keeps it brief but to the point .  `` behind the candelabra '' winner michael douglas teases matt damon .  will ferrell and his three sons steal the show as presenter .
 jack johnson 's big green business machine <sec> jack johnson has artist-friendly record label , brushfire records .  johnson also puts green interests at forefront .  singer-songwriter 's new album is `` sleep through the static .
 mother charged for allegedly binding tot with duct tape <sec> a woman was arrested after showing police a photo of her child duct-taped to a chair .  caira ferguson , 21 , was arrested after showing police the photo .  she was charged with unlawful restraint , false imprisonment , endangering the welfare of a chil .
 trayvon martin 's mom shares pain with michael brown 's <sec> `` i wish i had a word of automatic comfort , but i do n't , '' she writes .  fulton writes the browns will `` hear character assassinations about michael '' .  she ends the letter with a fiery call to actio .
 mom to dr. phil : ethan having trouble sleeping <sec> phil mcgraw speaks with mother of former alabama child hostage .  she tells him she worried about trying to put him back on a school bus .  ethan told her the army killed the 'bad man ' .  the 6-year-old tells his mom that 'my bus driver is dead .
 air force one aborts landing , second try successful <sec> presidential aircraft pulled out of landing attempt in ohio due to weather conditions .  air force one landed safely ; was carrying president barack obama to campaign event .  ann romney talks about emergency landing of her plane last week in denve .
 obama says u.s. goal is successful iraq <sec> new : the united states intends to sell 18 more f-16 fighter jets to iraq .  president obama pledges u.s. support for iraq following withdrawal of troops .  iraqi prime minister : `` the relationship will not end with the departure '' of u.s. troops .  the united states is set to bring home all troops from iraq by the end of the yea .
 my generation showed up <sec> jack schlossberg : young voters were said to lack enthusiasm and to be unlikely to vote .  he says they turned out to support president obama , causes they believe in .  voting is a responsibility , he says , and his generation is prepared to do much mor .
 mistrial declared as spector jury hangs 10-2 <sec> judge to meet with lawyers next week to discuss options .  actress found dead at music legend 's home .  prosecutors said spector shot lana clarkson when she tried to leave .  defense said clarkson shot herself in the mout .
 novak djokovic becomes ninth man to spend 100 weeks at no . 1 <sec> novak djokovic becomes the ninth man to spend at least 100 weeks at no . .  1 .  djokovic achieved the top ranking in july 2011 and has been mostly no . .  1 ever since .  but djokovic is now in danger of losing the no . .  1 ranking to a surging rafael nadal .  djokovic and nadal are competing at next week 's china open in beijin .
 scrabble champ wins with vowel movements <sec> the scrabble champion takes home $ 10,000 .  knowing the dictionary well is helpful .  nigel richards wins the championship for the second time .  the tournament attracts people into their 90 .
 uganda declares end of ebola outbreak <sec> 17 people died in uganda 's ebola outbreak .  the last patient was released on august 24 .  the initial announcement of the outbreak caused panic and sent patients fleeing .  at least 10 more died in a separate outbreak in the democratic republic of cong .
 vetoes leave syria headed for a bloody stalemate <sec> randa slim : the vetoes of a u.n. resolution by russia , china bring clarity to syria situation .  she says the syrian opposition will conclude that it must achieve its goals militarily .  the outlook is for a protracted battle with outside nations exerting influence .  slim : iran will support the syrian regime but explore possibilities for post-al-assad er .
 pakistan to review relations with u.s. , nato , isaf in wake of attack <sec> new : the u.s. state and defense departments say they are monitoring the reports .  isaf spokesman says it is `` highly likely '' close air support caused the deaths .  pakistan 's prime minister calls an emergency meeting of services chiefs .  pakistan closes nato supply routes across the border to afghanista .
 israel , turkey discuss compensation for flotilla raid victims <sec> turkey , israel discuss 2010 flotilla raid compensation .  the meeting took place in turkey 's capital , ankara .  israeli apologized last month for the deadly raid on a gaza-bound aid ship .  president obama helped broker the apolog .
 judge hints jurors may see raw video of michael jackson 's last days <sec> dr. conrad murray 's lawyers want sony to hand over all raw video of jackson 's rehearsals .  the judge wants the defense to limit its `` remarkably over-broad '' request .  murray 's involuntary manslaughter trial for jackson 's death starts in septembe .
 saudi arabia turns back 1,000 female pilgrims from nigeria <sec> saudi authorities said women were not properly accompanied .  female pilgrims from nigeria return home .  one calls experience `` dehumanizing .
 snowden did not access 'crown jewels ' of nsa intel , official says <sec> edward snowden admittedly leaked classified information on surveillance programs to media .  obama administration officials have been conducting an assessment of potential damage .  the intelligence community adamant snowden caused serious damage , official says .  assessment also finds snowden knew a good deal of information was in one plac .
 passengers , crew member injured in north carolina ferry accident <sec> new : hospital says no one is in serious condition .  the ferry came to a sudden stop , a passenger says .  the coast guard is looking into whether the passageway is safe .  it 's unclear why the ship ran agroun .
