 royal caribbean cruise cut short as hundreds fall ill <sec> more than 20 % of passengers report being ill , cdc says .  the symptoms are consistent with norovirus .  explorer of the seas is cutting its cruise short by two days .  `` just unhappy people everywhere -- waiting to get back to new jersey , '' says passenge .
 europe 's blind spot on anti-semitism <sec> frida ghitis : toulouse shooting echoes the ravages of last century 's anti-semitism in europe .  she says it 's time to examine enduring european blind spot when it comes to anti-semitism .  examples abound that prejudice is given a pass if connected to palestinian cause , she says .  ghitis : this adds to air of anti-israel , anti-jewish sentiment that falls on fertile ground in europ .
 nigeria 's president jonathan on kidnapped girls : 'we 'll get them out ' <sec> goodluck jonathan criticizes the girls ' parents for not cooperating fully with police .  protesters take to streets in london again calling for the release of schoolgirls .  rallies were held around the world saturday , mounting pressure on nigeria to do more .  a total of 276 schoolgirls were abducted , many still in the hands of captor .
 on september 21 , call a global truce <sec> jeremy gilley had a simple idea : a single day of peace every september 21 .  his organization , peace one day , calls for a day of cease-fire internationally .  in past peace day has allowed , for example , immunizations in afghanistan , he says .  gilley : global truce 2012 campaign will only work if people everywhere get behind i .
 blanket , prince , paris first autographs up for sale <sec> michael jackson 's kids autograph a tribute belt .  the crystal-encrusted belt will go on auction .  7,000 belts will be sold at $ 1,500 each .  the belt sale is to raise cash for jackson museu .
 country singer currington posts bail after threat charges <sec> billy currington turned himself in to authorities thursday , the district attorney 's office says .  currington allegedly threatened bodily harm against a boat captain in georgia .  the 70-year-old boat captain told police he feared for his life after the incident .  currington 's country hits include `` people are crazy '' and `` that 's how country boys roll .
 flood threats remain , but storm begins to fade , finally <sec> new : the overall death toll rises to 39 , after a boy 's body is found in mississippi .  flood warnings remain , but storm starts to dissipate as it heads out to sea .  alabama community got a staggering 22-26 inches of rain , weather service says .  weather service says devastating arkansas tornado was powerful ef- .
 thought the super bowl was big ? try china 's lunar new year tv gala <sec> more than 700 million watched china 's lunar new year tv gala this year .  chinese social network qq said users sent 32.7 million messages in one minute .  there are nearly 600 million internet users in china toda .
 journal offers few clues to maryland mall shooter 's motive <sec> a journal written by gunman darion aguilar indicates he had mental health issues .  but it provides no insight as to whether he knew his victims .  aguilar shot and killed two people saturday before committing suicid .
 astronaut scott kelly spending nearly a year in space <sec> scott kelly aims to set a record for longest stay on the international space station .  russian cosmonaut gennady padalka will add to his all-time human spaceflight recor .
 opinion : is shutdown a sorry spectacle , or shock treatment ? <sec> cnn commentators assess the impact and causes of the government shutdown .  frida ghitis : the spectacle is baffling to america 's friends , encouraging to its enemies .  david gergen : the shutdown is bad , but could have a silver lining if it forestalls default .  matt welch : as in the past , we 'll survive the shutdown without lasting effect .
 opinion : new terror weapon : little girls ? <sec> writers : reports of 10-year-girl in afghanistan intent on suicide bombing is a first .  not unusual for children to be groomed for martyrdom , they say , but taliban deny practice .  writers : children are often in the dark about their assignments .  writers : families , communities must guard against children falling under sway of extremist .
 anne kirkbride , uk soap 'coronation street ' vet , dies <sec> anne kirkbride was mainstay of long-running uk soap `` coronation street '' .  kirkbride played deirdre barlow for more than 40 year .
 beachcomber stumbles upon historic shipwreck <sec> ray midgett finds shipwreck while on his regular beachcombing route .  he and other beachcombers had found numerous coins and other items from the wreck .  winter storms uncovered the wreck , but historians feared it would be re-covered .  midgett lobbies a state senator to get wreck removed so it could be studied and preserve .
 google 's new nexus q : made in the u.s.a . <sec> google 's new nexus q media device is manufactured in the united states .  report says plant is in california and employs hundreds of people .  vast majority of electronic gadgets are built in china or other countries with cheap labor .  the nexus q streams music and video using an android mobile devic .
 u.s. airlines abide by china 's newly declared air defense zone <sec> administration had advised airlines to comply with beijing demand .  japan resists chinese defense zone , asks international aviation agency for help .  chinese zone extends over islands also claimed by japan .  military flights continue without inciden .
 history made as native son wins iditarod in alaska <sec> alaskan john baker wins this year 's iditarod sled dog race in record time .  his win marks the first time an alaskan inupiaq has taken top prize .  the inupiaq are an eskimo group that still relies on a traditional , subsistence lifestyle .  a crowd at the finish line in nome erupted in cheers and native chants as baker wo .
 twin suicide bombing in afghanistan targets foreign workers <sec> new : bombings rattle afghans in herat , which has been largely free of violence .  new : resident : `` we 've have n't had a bombing in six months '' .  two suicide bombers strike within minutes of each other , just block apart .  the blasts kill at least four people and wound 26 , including 15 italians , officials sa .
 scientists taking chinese medicine west <sec> chi-med and nestle working to get fda approval for some chinese medicine .  phase iii trials have started on hmpl-004 -- used to treat stomach problems .  it 's final round of trials before fda approval to enter the $ 7b ibd marke .
 houses given away for free in detroit <sec> detroit project purchases and renovates foreclosed homes before giving them away to aspiring literary talents .  first house purchased for $ 1,000 before being renovated and has been given to poet casey rocheteau .  the aim of the project is to fill in empty homes and boost detroit 's burgeoning literary scen .
 'duck dynasty ' star hits the runway at new york fashion week <sec> sadie robertson , 17 , is the granddaughter of family patriarch phil robertson .  she wants to pursue modelin .
 french open champion to get less than nadal <sec> relative value of french open prize is affected by volatile exchange rates .  exchange rates have had an impact on the value of all the grand slams .  sport business expert says exchange rates `` a real issue '' for organizer .
 u.s. far from an interracial melting pot <sec> daniel lichter : 1 of 7 new 2008 marriages was interracial or interethnic , report says .  lichter says racial boundaries are firm ; vast majority of whites still marry whites .  marriage patterns among minorities changing , he says , but in complex way .  complicated statistical story is still unfolding and can be easily distorted , lichter caution .
 defense in cannibalism plot trial says conversations were fiction <sec> defense team tries to paint gilberto valle 's conversations as fantasy .  prosecutors say the police officer accessed database looking for info on women .  prosecutors : valle planned to kidnap three women during the week of february 20 , 201 .
 2 bodies , car found in oklahoma missing child case <sec> lester williams hobbs suspected in death of wife and kidnapping of her daughter .  hobbs and 7-year-old aja daniell johnson missing since january .  two bodies found in car in norman , oklahoma , on monday .  car thought to be the one used in suspected kidnappin .
 road rage : cameras and guns making it worse <sec> a washington post poll says road rage is increasing .  road rage advice : take a deep breat .
 james doran-webb : how artistry won the driftwood derby <sec> james doran-webb uses driftwood to create stunning sculptures .  philippines-based artist builds three thoroughbreds for singapore celebrations .  hundreds of pieces of wood are applied to metal skeleton to create art .  doran-webb honed skills in parents ' antiques restoration busines .
 wrecked costa concordia to be raised from italian sea bed <sec> the cruise liner will be refloated and towed away , american and italian specialists say .  the costa concordia struck rocks and turned on its side in january .  at least 30 people died in the disaster , with two people still missing .  costa says its priority in recovering the ship is to protect the local environmen .
 jackson memorial to be tuesday at staples center <sec> new : michael jackson trust includes mother , children , charities .  michael jackson memorial to be tuesday at l.a. 's staples center .  the drug enforcement administration has joined jackson 's death investigation .  speculation about the role of drugs has been swirling since jackson die .
 opinion : historic milestone for african-american voters <sec> census report confirms african-american turnout rate exceed white turnout in 2012 .  cornell belcher says the fact is a huge milestone in the story of enfranchising african americans .  will high turnout persist after barack obama leaves office ? .  belcher : if african-americans see power of the ballot to effect change , turnout will stay hig .
 washington hearing theater : irs probe <sec> no . .  2 justice department official testifies at house hearing on scandal .  james cole said the department could n't provide details of its criminal probe .  republicans expressed frustration that no charges had yet been filed .  the irs is under investigation over singling out political groups for extra scrutin .
 turkish fm criticizes israel over gaza <sec> israel excluded from anatolian eagle military exercise .  united states and italy withdraw from exercise u.s. says it is postponed .  turkey has criticized israel over gaza actions that began in december '08 .  nato exercise held every few years to boost international aerial cooperatio .
 attorneys : la schools to pay $ 30 million in teacher 's sexual lewdness case <sec> two of the attorneys say total settlement is $ 30 million in 58 of 191 students ' cases .  los angeles schools ' attorney says dollar figure is in `` multimillions '' .  district does n't admit liability but concedes `` tragic circumstance , '' attorney says .  four law firms do n't settle , with one saying $ 30 million is `` very , very low .
 study : nearly a quarter of takers fails army entrance exam <sec> study : army test results are indicative of how u.s. education system prepares students .  minority students fail test at a rate greater than whites , education trust study says .  the united states typically scores near middle of the pack in educational achievemen .
 video of cleveland police shooting of boy released <sec> police : boy , 12 , had pointed weapon in cleveland park , but it turned out to be air gun .  officers went to park after getting 911 call .  video shows boy was shot 2 seconds after police car pulled up .  police : officer told boy three times to show hands before the shootin .
 'adele ' rage simmers in the air <sec> a string of air rage incidents in the first months of the year highlight air traveler tensions .  experts point to alcohol as a key ingredient in many instances of in-flight confrontation .  the author only simmered over an offending adele fan 's inconsiderate behavio .
 lapd officer charged with assaulting arrested woman , who later died <sec> new : woman 's family thinks officer is to blame , urges more action , spokesman says .  prosecutor : video shows alesia thomas being kicked by officer , pushed in the throat .  that officer is charged with assault ; if convicted , she could face three years in prison .  the accused police officer is `` devastated '' by the charge , her lawyer say .
 obama channels springsteen in touring jersey storm recovery <sec> seven months after superstorm sandy , president obama returns to new jersey .  obama quotes a tom waits song popularized by bruce springsteen .  gov . .  christie says new jersey and its people are more important than politics .  the pair made a mutually beneficial bipartisan visit after last year 's stor .
 'redneck ' speed freak gets hold of near-supersonic jet <sec> aviation fans are excited about the new , super-fast and stylish gulfstream g650 .  oprah , ralph lauren , warren buffett are said to be interested in the $ 65 million plane .  businesses aim to make flying private more affordable .  beyonce reportedly gave jay-z a challenger 850 as a presen .
 opinion : two tragedies , two reactions : so what took obama so long ? <sec> crystal wright wonders why obama 's va reaction was n't as swift as his trayvon comments .  obama waited more than a month to speak on va allegations .  in comparison , he commented a week after the trayvon martin verdict .  wright : our veterans deserve the same attention to their deaths as obama gave marti .
 facebook ordered to remove page monitoring sex offenders <sec> facebook page monitoring sex offenders in n. ireland posted pedophile 's photo .  convicted sex offender sued to force facebook to remove page , citing threats .  page amounted to harassment , judge finds , and facebook removes page promptl .
 group claims responsibility for deadly iraq attacks <sec> the islamic state of iraq claims responsibility for thursday 's attacks .  the group includes al qaeda in iraq .  the group threatens to track down and target shiite official .
 budget cuts force bronx zoo to 'fire ' animals <sec> state budget cuts threaten funding for zoos , aquariums and botanical gardens .  new york 's 76 zoos , aquariums and botanical gardens will lose $ 9.1 million .  bronx zoo : some animals wo n't be replaced ; others may go to zoos , sanctuaries .  zoos in florida , maryland , missouri and north carolina face budget cut .
 doctor in critical condition after arkansas bombing <sec> new : doctor loses his left eye in the blast , which occurred outside his home .  new : family spokesman `` quite optimistic '' that victim will survive .  chief : `` there is absolutely no motive '' in bombing .  dr. trent pierce described as pillar of community , well-like .
 church refuses to marry black couple in mississippi <sec> charles and te'andrea wilson say they were asked to change venues at the last minute .  the pastor was approached by some congregants who did n't want the wedding to take place .  husband : `` all we wanted .. was to be man and wife in a church that we thought we felt loved .
 passenger 's prayer ritual prompts flight diversion <sec> us airways express plane bound for kentucky diverted to pennsylvania .  orthodox jewish man preparing to pray apparently prompted authorities to divert flight .  fbi spokesman says there appeared to be no threat from the man .  airline spokesman earlier cited `` security precaution '' for diversio .
 stabbings at campaign rally for ecuador 's president leaves 2 dead <sec> two people are dead and four others injured at a rally for the president .  president rafael correa was expected to arrive moments later .  a video shows a man seemingly stabbing people at random .  interior minister jose serrano says a man has been detaine .
 legalizing marijuana is civil rights issue , california naacp says <sec> california naacp supports state legislation for legalizing marijuana .  drug policy alliance : african-americans arrested more for marijuana in california .  opponents say naacp should not support drug use in african-american communit .
 five fish stow away on tsunami-tossed boat <sec> five japanese beakfish survive 5,000-mile journey to u.s . .  containment hold in fishing boat 's stern provided habitat .  one to go on display at aquarium ; other four to be dissecte .
 the judge who defied the same-sex marriage trend - cnnpolitics.com <sec> avalanche of appellate rulings have struck down state bans on same-sex marriage .  judge jeffrey sutton is behind only recent appellate decision to uphold such state bans .  `` judge sutton 's opinion stands alone , '' says official with gay rights advocacy grou .
 the space adventure you ca n't miss <sec> felix baumgartner to attempt skydive from 23 miles up .  weather will determine whether the jump will go on .  meteorologist judson jones is anxiously awaiting the jum .
 swiss army knife makers sharpen brand <sec> the makers of the swiss army knife , victorinox , are expanding into more `` ca n't leave home without it '' products .  a strong swiss franc has forced the penknife maker to innovate and produce a range of consumer goods .  the company is now selling socks , time pieces and fragrance .
 joint federal-state lawsuit accuses company of foreclosure rescue scam <sec> prosecutors allege bella homes scammed 450 homeowners .  the homeowners lost more than $ 3 million in two years , the lawsuit says .  bella homes agrees to stop making real estate foreclosure transactions .  the company operates from private residences in arizona and georgia , the suit say .
 woman caught sneaking into u.s. in suitcase <sec> a woman tried to enter the united states hidden in a suitcase .  customs officials discovered her when they searched a vehicle .  the thai national was charged with re-entry after deportation .  officials did not release the name of the drive .
 rosie o'donnell , spouse having 'issues ' <sec> rumors that rosie o'donnell , spouse kelli carpenter are splitting .  o'donnell did not deny rumors to usa today .  publicist : pair `` are working through their issues '' .  two were married in san francisco in 200 .
 ohio man says 'bypassing ' college a mistake <sec> todd sollar believed college was a waste of time and money , until he lost his factory job .  sollar is among the growing trend of americans attending community college .  sollar graduated from community college in june and now has a full-time job , agai .
 preacher killed wife , stuffed body in freezer , police say <sec> new : anthony hopkins denied bail at initial court appearance .  preacher is charged with murder , rape , sodomy , sexual abuse and incest .  he was arrested after delivering sermon at his alabama church .  case began when daughter told police she 'd been sexually abuse .
 stop sex discrimination in health plan costs <sec> marcia greenberg : 92 % of the top health insurance plans charge women more than men .  `` gender rating '' for exact same coverage costs women $ 1 billion a year , she says .  handful of states have banned practice , she writes , but it is a national problem that will persist .  she says affordable care act will ban this , as well as `` pre-existing condition '' turnaway .
 tim howard discusses tourette 's , divorce and fatherhood <sec> tim howard says the best thing about being tim howard is having his family .  howard has two young children and they both play football in the u.s . .  howard is divorced and called his marriage a `` failure '' .  he looks forward to retiring before 40 and spending more time with his kid .
 men in speedos and prettifying the ugly stuff <sec> highly opinionated columnist offers advice on wide range of topics .  an apology does n't cut it if you 're always running late .  all men would look better in something other than a speedo .  take a chance , wear your heart on your sleeve to get what you wan .
 sylvester stallone 's son dies at 36 <sec> sage stallone , 36 , lived in los angeles .  he acted in several movies , including `` daylight '' and `` rocky v '' with his fathe .
 why stonewall congress in fast and furious scandal ? <sec> the house plans to vote on whether to hold attorney general eric holder in contempt .  mark rozell , mitchel sollenberger : congressional lawmakers are seeking truth .  obama can not assert executive privilege just to hide embarrassing details , they say .  rozell , sollenberger : disclosure will reveal what happened with the botched operatio .
 fierce clashes in yemen ; fate of saleh uncertain <sec> new : islamic militants kill troops , civilians in southern yemen .  fiercest clashes in taiz since demonstrations began , witnesses say .  a u.s. official says yemeni president ali abdullah saleh is `` severely hurt '' .  opposition leaders express cautious support for the vice presiden .
 chess icon 's body exhumed in paternity case <sec> fischer 's alleged daughter , jinky young , requested a dna test .  his body was exhumed just long enough to take a dna sample .  a doctor and a priest were among those present .  fischer died in iceland in 200 .
