 texas day care owner charged with murder in fire <sec> jessica tata is currently at a houston-area jail .  four children died at her houston day care in february .  tata faces four murder charges .  she had previously been charged with six counts of reckless injury to a child and several charges of manslaughte .
 review : 'skyfall ' is bond resurrected and reinvigorated <sec> `` skyfall '' marks the 50th year of the bond franchise .  academy award-winning director sam mendes helms the film .  critic says it has been a long time since he has enjoyed a bond film this muc .
 trying to agree a kyoto 2.0 , as the planet simmers <sec> nearly 200 delegations have gathered in qatar to plan for a new international climate pact .  developed , developing countries disagree over how to share burden of cutting emissions .  earth is seeing crop failures , new weather patterns , record ice melt , acidifying oceans .  there 's doubt that at the global level , emissions-cutting goals will be matched by deed .
 cnn student news - september 18 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 stolen ed sullivan statue recovered in los angeles <sec> lapd asking public for help on potential suspect or suspects .  bronze statue was stolen from academy of television arts & sciences hall of fame plaza .  ed sullivan died in 197 .
 mike pence 's very bad week - cnnpolitics.com <sec> medicaid policy could have helped mike pence build a national brand .  but missteps took attention away from the polic .
 obama , romney : time to debate , and curse ? <sec> dean obeidallah : americans love to curse , we use profanity every day .  obeidallah : we 're hypocritical in holding our politicians to a ridiculously prudish standard .  he proposes a debate in which the presidential candidates can use profanity .  obeidallah : debate will allow obama and romney to show their unfiltered , human sid .
 war of words between a-rod and yankees <sec> alex rodriguez hires doctor who says he is healthy enough to play .  yankees gm says team 's mri shows a-rod has a `` grade 1 strain '' .  meanwhile , mlb may suspend rodriguez over drug accusation .
 explainer : what is eurovision ? <sec> the eurovision song contest is one of the most watched non-sporting events in the world .  not just any old talent contest , it 's an institution with a devoted following .  but many outsiders do n't get it , so cnn is here to hel .
 deputy u.s. marshal gunned down in west virginia <sec> one deputy u.s. marshal was killed in the shooting .  a second deputy `` continues to recover from his injuries '' .  the third officer has been treated at nearby hospital and released .  charles e. smith and the officers exchanged fire , which left smith dea .
 who stole precious relics from church in missouri town ? <sec> nine relics were taken from the catholic church .  the church is named for ste . .  genevieve , patron saint of paris .  the town is known for its rich french-german histor .
 hearts of glass : where medical science meets art <sec> a glassblowing shop makes organs used by doctors and medical-device manufacturers .  cardiologists can connect glass hearts to a pump that can simulate blood flow .  gary farlow , the company 's founder , started out making simple glass toys .  `` it 's science , and it 's art , '' says wade martindale , the shop 's production manage .
 mudslinging campaigns hurt the country <sec> bob greene : political campaigns resemble warfare 's mutually assured destruction .  he says politicians believe the only way to win is by using below-the-belt tactics .  a poll showed that americans take an increasingly dim view of negative campaigns , candidates .  greene : when the country loses decency , respect , it loses something essentia .
 hillary clinton needs elizabeth warren challenge <sec> hillary clinton has n't said whether she 's running in 2016 ; elizabeth warren says she is not .  julian zelizer : a challenge to clinton 's front-runner status from warren would be good for hillary .  he says it would force clinton to up her campaign game in advance of general electio .
 reports : apple considering bigger , cheaper iphones <sec> report : apple considering bigger and cheaper iphones .  a 4.7-inch or 5.7-inch iphone screen could be coming , reuters says .  sources say apple 's also looking at a $ 99 phone available in multiple color .
 bomb wounds man reaching for sunday paper <sec> police are searching for other bombs in the neighborhood .  no other explosive devices have been found .  about a dozen homes in vacaville , california , are evacuated .  the wounded man was airlifted to a hospita .
 a good car repair shop -- how to find one <sec> start shopping for a repair facility before you need one .  ask if they are members of associations such as `` napa autocare '' or `` aaa '' .  another factor to consider is the equipment available .  do n't sell yourself short for a few bucks . .  quality repair is priceles .
 citigroup to cut more than 50,000 jobs <sec> citigroup announces it is cutting a further 50,000 staff as economic crisis worsens .  japan , the world 's second largest economy , now in recession .  japanese economy has been hurt by rising value of yen , falling exports .  tokyo nikkei up monday ; asian markets mixed , europe markets dow .
 5 arrested in attack on kenyan college <sec> 5 suspects arrested in attack on kenyan campus , official says .  student tells cnn of smearing herself with blood to escape death .  al-shabaab gunmen opened fire , and 147 people die .
 richard sherman : 'a nerd , ' who grew up to show anything 's possible <sec> richard sherman talks with cnn about his nfl career , growing up .  `` i 've always been a square , a nerd , '' athlete says .  he pays tribute to his parents , talks of his neighborhood .  agent says his image is now more positive than negativ .
 the next battle in washington <sec> the export-import bank is up for reauthorization .  conservatives oppose the 80-year-old institution .  supporters say its demise would cost u.s. jobs .  it 's the latest battle between establishment and tea party-aligned republican .
 h1n1 death toll estimated at 3,900 in u.s . <sec> about 540 children are among the 3,900 h1n1 flu deaths , the cdc said .  since mid-october , an estimated 22 million people have contracted the virus .  prevalence of flu is higher than anytime since 1918 spanish flu pandemic , director say .
 muslim 'angels ' ease american 's prison days in uae <sec> robert alan black was imprisoned in october for taking a photograph in abu dhabi .  at first , he was frightened , but prisoners , most of them muslim , made him feel welcome .  one prisoner had his wife call black 's daughter , so black could speak to her from priso .
 turkey recalls ambassador over genocide resolution <sec> new : top dem on defense says resolution could hinder redeployment from iraq .  turkish ambassador nabi sensoy will head home after u.s. house panel vote .  vote calls killing of armenians during world war i genocide .  condoleezza rice set to call turkish leaders to express `` deep disappointment .
 court rules leicester will be final burial place of king richard iii <sec> the royal courts of justice rules that richard iii should be reburied in leicester .  the king 's remains were discovered in summer 2012 under a parking lot .  the archeologists who disinterred the remains intended a reburial in leicester cathedral .  a legal challenge was brought by a group which said he should be reburied in yor .
 how republicans can win future elections <sec> bobby jindal : republicans have been inundated with advice to abandon core values .  jindal : despite losing an election , conservative ideals still hold true .  he offers 7 lessons that can help his party to move forward and win future elections .  jindal : gop must compete for every vote , reject identity politics , be more smar .
 susie wolff hungry for formula 1 chance <sec> susie wolff to take part in practice sessions for two grands prix .  scot will become first woman in 22 years to feature in an f1 weekend .  development driver , 31 , joined williams in 201 .
 single men turning to surrogates <sec> single men who want children find surrogate births better option than adoption .  most such fathers are gay , but straight men use surrogacy as well .  clay aiken , ricky martin are high-profile single dads who used surrogates .  surrogate does n't provide egg , making it less likely she 'll see child as her .
 'slumdog ' highlights india 's forgotten poor <sec> danny boyle 's `` slumdog millionaire '' shines a light on slum-dwellers in india .  huge growth means four of top eight billionaires on forbes rich list are indian .  but the new wealth has bypassed india 's 456 million poor .  nisha agrawal of oxfam says there are : `` two indias , one rich , one impoverished .
 'we fell short ' with ebola patient , hospital exec says <sec> hospital exec says nurses did n't ask thomas eric duncan what african country he visited .  duncan left the emergency room but died october 8 of ebola virus .  the hospital did n't conduct any simulations on how to handle ebola cases , executive says .  `` we are certainly forthcoming and transparent about the fact that we missed a diagnosis .
 should google censor an anti-islam video ? <sec> an anti-islam video sparked protests in libya and egypt ; in libya , violence erupted .  jillian york : youtube decided to block access to the video in the two countries .  she says it is not in google 's best interest to be arbiter of what 's acceptable .  york : google will have to explain why it censors videos in some cases but not other .
 high court sides with generic drug makers in narrow ruling <sec> court : generic drug companies do n't have same responsibility as makers of name brands .  the court split along conservative-liberal lines .  sotomayor : `` these divergent liability rules threaten to reduce consumer demand for generics .
 wang lijun : chinese cop at the heart of bo xilai scandal <sec> police chief wang lijun sought refuge at u.s. consulate in february .  move triggered china 's biggest political scandal in decades .  worked with disgraced politician bo xilai in chinese city of chongqing .  he has been charged with abuse of power and defectio .
 trial of ngo workers set to resume in egypt <sec> 43 defendants are on trial , many in absentia .  american robert becker is staying in cairo to stand trial .  if convicted , he could face up to six year in egyptian prison .  u.s. official : we object to what we view as politically-motivated trial .
 mets and the citi : $ 400 million for stadium-naming rights irks some <sec> mets struck deal in 2006 with firm for naming stadium . .  price : $ 400 million .  amid economic climate , some baseball fans have mixed feelings about citi field .  rep. dennis kucinich : 'how many people could [ citi ] employ for $ 400 million ? .
 fbi : u.s. air marshal assaulted at lagos airport <sec> the air marshal was injected with a syringe containing an `` unknown substance '' .  he was transported to a hospital upon landing in the united state .
 how to help a child get over a dog bite <sec> kids love to grab pets ' ears , tails or simply rub them the wrong way .  cdc : nearly half of medically treated dog bites involve children .  training builds confidence for kids and for pet .
 sharapova edges through after second round scare <sec> number one seed maria sharapova survives a scare before beating tsvetana pironkova in three sets .  four-times wimbledon champion serena williams also through with win over melinda czink .  second seed victoria azarenka beats swiss romina oprandi 6-2 6-0 .  french open finalist sara errani crushes home favorite anne keothavong 6-1 6- .
 waves of up to 50 feet pound hawaii 's north shore <sec> `` honestly , these are probably the biggest waves i 've ever seen in my entire life , '' visitor says .  hawaii has n't experienced waves this large since 2004 .  a big wave surf contest has been postponed because of bad wind conditions .  `` the size is there , but the quality is not , '' an event organizer say .
 tunisia museum attack victims ' bodies returned home <sec> tunisian president says third person who took part in museum attack is on the run .  the bodies of four italian tourists killed in tunis are returned to ital .
 an overwhelmed mom 's deadly mistake <sec> brenda slaby 's daughter cecilia died after slaby left her in her car while at work .  cecilia died of heatstroke after being left for nearly eight hours .  slaby blames her hectic schedule for her mistake .  `` i 've learned to say a lot , 'it just does n't matter , ' '' she says of slowing dow .
 despite bad press and travel warnings , mexico tourism holds its own <sec> mexico says it expects 52 million domestic and foreign tourists to visit southeast region in 2012 .  citing state department advisories , experts say southern mexico resorts are safe .  international tourism council says texas travel warning is ploy to drive domestic touris .
 lower airfares -- how to get them <sec> there are several ways to search for flights to find cheaper fares .  use the fare-history chart on kayak.com to see how a given fare rates .  run a flexible date search to find out if you can save a lot at different times .  separate trip into different legs and buy separate ticket .
 lawn chair balloon flight forced to land early in oregon <sec> two flyers are `` rattled '' but unharmed .  lawn chair balloon flight takes off from bend , oregon .  two men had hoped to reach northwestern montana .  they had to end flight after balloons burst and wind and storms rolled i .
 infamous spy 's son released pending trial <sec> nathaniel nicholson , son of a cia double agent , faces spying charges .  a portland , oregon , judge releases him from jail , pending trial .  his father , jim nicholson , pleaded guilty in 1997 to spying for russia .  while in prison , father allegedly enlisted son to help continue spy service .
 box office report : '42 ' knocks it out of the park with $ 27.3 million <sec> ' '' 42 '' about the life of ballplayer jackie robinson won the weekend box office .  `` scary movie 5 '' came in second place .  internationally , the tom cruise film `` oblivion '' did wel .
 flooding fears intensify as tropical storm churns toward china coast <sec> new : chanthu has slowed but is moving steadily closer to southern china .  new : tropical storm could deluge already soaked areas with 20 inches of rain .  new : state council calls situation `` grave '' .  new : chinese news agency says more than 700 killed by floods this yea .
 greek parliament approves austerity cuts <sec> greece 's prime minister hails a `` first important step '' .  the second step is approval of greece 's 2013 budget .  austerity vote was 153 in favor in the 300-member parliament .  passage was needed for greece to receive the next installment of bailout fund .
 diamond sells for recession-busting $ 24.3 m <sec> christie 's sells nearly 36-carat diamond for $ 24.3 million .  amount said to be highest price for a diamond sold at auction .  jewel was mined in india nearly 400 years ag .
 marijuana law just creates criminals <sec> in 2011 , 50,000 mostly black and latino people arrested in new york for having a little pot .  hakeem jeffries : carrying a small amount is not a crime , but having it in public view is .  jeffries : police order people to empty pockets , and if they take out pot , it is now in public view .  jeffries says the marijuana penalty needs to be reduced and law change .
 pioneer billie jean king championed equality in women 's tennis <sec> billie jean king is a 12-time grand slam singles champion .  american is a famed fighter for equality and women 's rights .  she was the driving force behind the women 's wta tour .  founded the same year she beat bobby riggs in famous `` battle of the sexes .
 do n't let the view ruin your wi-fi <sec> bob greene says amtrak and greyhound are bringing wi-fi to their 50 million passengers .  trains and buses need a way to compete with planes ; wi-fi may be an answer , writes greene .  trains and buses were a way to experience `` america 's backyard , '' writes greene .  he says we have become oblivious to our surroundings due to technolog .
 isis more popular than al qaeda ( opinion ) <sec> peter bergen : more and more terrorist and insurgent groups are swearing loyalty to isis .  in past six months , isis has attracted about a dozen groups , he says .  isis ' perceived success is attracting these recruits , bergen say .
 janet jackson on body image , self-acceptance <sec> jackson released `` icon , '' a cd of her no . .  1 hits , in august .  `` i 've always said if i could have one person 's legs , they would be naomi 's , '' she said .  jackson also has a book coming out next mont .
 beverly hills cops to bieber : tone down the parties <sec> bieber 's neighbors could make a citizen 's arrest , a police spokesman says .  over the weekend , beverly hills police were called to bieber 's building because of loud parties .  the singer moved to the condo after selling the home in an area where he egged neighbors .  bieber is on two years ' probation for vandalism against his neighbo .
 is the middle east the new hub of global aviation ? <sec> qatar 's sparkling new airport is one of a series of ambitious aviation projects in the gulf .  countries in region looking to diversify economies to take advantage of location between east and west .  middle east carriers growing faster than airlines in other regions , says iat .
 activists at rally call on obama to keep promise , shutter guantanamo bay <sec> legal activists question a decade of detentions at guantanamo .  former military jag says detainees become `` heroes and martyrs '' in terrorist camps .  demonstration outside white house urges obama to make good on shutdown promis .
 was kris maharaj framed for pablo escobar-ordered hit ? <sec> after 27 years in prison , lawyers claim new evidence could free ex-millionaire .  kris maharaj 's lawyers say he was framed for a drug-money hit ordered by pablo escobar .  prosecutors say maharaj shot and killed a father and son in a miami hote .
 google : 1 million gmail calls on first day <sec> new service lets gmail users make free calls to u.s. and canada and cheap calls overseas .  `` over 1,000,000 calls placed from gmail in just 24 hours ! '' .  google tweeted thursday .  author had two successes with the service the day it launched , both unplanne .
 fallout widens from island dispute between china , japan <sec> new : panetta urges both sides to `` avoid further escalation '' .  two panasonic factories are damaged from anti-japanese protests , the company says .  demonstrations in china over the weekend turned violent at times .  tensions have risen between tokyo and beijing over a disputed set of island .
 mike rogers , key house republican , wo n't run for reelection <sec> rogers is considered an important congressional voice on national security .  he is chairman of the house intelligence committee .  rogers just recently backed a plan ending the nsa collection of bulk phone record .
 ferrari strive for perfection after errors derail fernando alonso <sec> ferrari aiming for perfection after errors in malaysian and bahrain grands prix .  fernando alonso has fallen to fourth in 2013 formula one drivers ' championship .  red bull 's sebastian vettel leads from lotus driver kimi raikkonen .  ferrari say mechanical fault to blame for ferrari 's rear-wing failure in bahrai .
 china braces for olympic wedding blitz <sec> china braces for rush of weddings on opening day of olympics .  opening day of beijing olympics is august 8 , 2008 .  the number `` 8 '' is considered by many chinese to carry good fortun .
 who 's next : william 'whurley ' hurley <sec> cnn chats with tech innovator william hurley at the south by southwest interactive festival .  his mobile-app company created the ipad app for news corp. 's tablet publication , the daily .  hurley : `` we 're actually designing the app in our imaginations now .
