 armstrong 's bike stolen at california race <sec> lance armstrong 's one-of-a-kind bicycle stolen from team truck in california .  four bicycles stolen from truck armstrong 's astana team parked behind hotel .  cancer survivor armstrong is currently fifth overall in amgen tour of california .  armstrong won the tour de france a record seven times from 1999-200 .
 court sentences top pianist accused of tweets that insulted islam <sec> new : `` this is shameful for turkish democracy , '' says turkey 's main opposition party .  pianist fazil say openly insulted religious values with his twitter posts , court says .  his 10-month sentence is suspended as long as he does n't commit a similar crime .  say has criticized turkey 's governing islamic-rooted justice and development part .
 cnn student news - september 10 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 'most wanted ' terrorist arrested in indonesia <sec> identity of militant as explosives expert abdullah sonata is confirmed .  sonata was seized following gun battle after police raid in central java .  police believe sonata was recruiting , training militant .
 u.s. withdraws official from its embassy in new delhi <sec> u.s. official hopes the move will reduce tensions .  devyani khobragade arrives in india after leaving united states .  khobragade was indicted on federal counts of visa fraud and making false statements .  india 's former deputy consul general in new york was strip-searched after her arres .
 judge in casey anthony case seen as sharp , respected and in command <sec> chief judge belvin perry jr. is the presiding judge in casey anthony 's murder trial .  anthony is accused of murdering her daughter caylee , among other charges .  perry 's father was one of the first two black officers on the orlando police force .  perry has been elected chief judge in orange county by his peers eight time .
 cnn student news - august 21 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 medics : militants raid yemen town , killing dozens <sec> dozens killed when militants raid a sunni town .  at least 61 people are injured when their homes are shelled with grenades .  doctors could not reach the injured because the town is under siege .  saleh returns to yemen on saturday nigh .
 royal caribbean cruise 's illness tally nears 650 as ship heads home <sec> 595 passengers and 50 crew members report being ill , cdc spokeswoman says .  cause is not clear , though symptoms are consistent with norovirus .  explorer of the seas will return to its home port wednesday , or two days earl .
 french double gold after two world records tumble in swimming pool <sec> dana vollmer of usa breaks women 's 100m butterfly record .  new world mark for cameron van der burgh in men 's 100m breaststroke .  camille muffat of france takes womens ' 400m with rebecca adlington third .  france then stun united states in men 's 4x100m freestyle rela .
 apple watch : a wearables revolution ? ( opinion ) <sec> apple unveiled the long-awaited apple watch .  jeff yang : does apple 's foray into wearables mean people are ready for them ? .  he says even though wearables are buzzy , consumers have n't flocked to them in droves .  yang : apple , with its focus on design , may have found a way to start the wearables revolutio .
 hawaii governor vetoes civil unions bill , says voters should decide <sec> new : lingle says issue needs to be put to a vote of the people .  gay rights groups vows to press on .  the bill has met resistance from some lawmakers and religious leaders .  five states and washington , dc , issue marriage license to same-sex couple .
 21 convicted for anti-government protests in bahrain <sec> new : an opposition leader says crackdown , not protests , are hurting country 's standing .  defendants are forcibly taken out of court after the verdict .  the verdicts come after human rights groups have urged bahrain to stop the trials .  `` this court does not meet international standards for human rights , '' an activist say .
 5 held in india over alleged rape of japanese tourist <sec> five men arrested in india over alleged rape of japanese tourist , police say .  the men allegedly operated as a gang , targeting single , female japanese tourists .  sexual assault is high-profile problem in india , particularly after 2012 fatal gang-rape of studen .
 meet the scientists who plan for disasters <sec> disaster playground follows scientists planning for space catastrophes .  'failure is not an option ' mantra associated with space exploration .  women need to be promoted in space industry .  funds to deal with asteroid threat must continu .
 brave middle schooler tells peers she 's bald <sec> katarina lucardie wanted to stop wearing a wig .  her school helped her make a documentary about alopecia .  students attended the film 's screening and were able to ask katarina questions .  katarina is happy she told her peers she 's bald and now goes to school without her wi .
 cambodian village has disturbing reputation for child sex slavery <sec> one former sex slave says she was five or six years old when approached by a man .  `` no one could help me , '' she says .  don brewster and his wife operate a rehab center for child sex slaves .  `` just yesterday we rescued a five-year-old girl , '' brewster say .
 argentina court ruling would allow personal use of pot <sec> new : argentina court : it 's unconstitutional to punish adult for private use of marijuana .  justice tells state-run news agency `` reality '' changed his mind .  mexico enacted law that decriminalizes possessing low quantities of most drug .
 where liberalism can win in america <sec> julian zelizer : washington is gridlocked and leans conservative .  but liberals can launch social programs at lower levels , zelizer says .  trying programs out locally can set groundwork for washington action in coming years , he say .
 battle for the house in 2014 : obamacare vs. shutdown <sec> democratic gains brought on by shutdown wiped away by obamacare fiasco .  republicans believe shutdown fallout will fade , but obamacare problems will persist .  democrats believe sentiment will swing back to them in fiscal fights ahead with go .
 mastercard boss ann cairns ' journey from oil rigs to credit card queen <sec> mastercard boss ann cairns was also first female engineer on uk offshore oil rig .  also led the european team managing the lehman brothers ' bankruptc .
 figuring out the future of online privacy <sec> companies like facebook and google must balance advertiser and customer data demands .  all major browsers now offer a `` do not track '' setting , but it is difficult to enforce .  privacy settings will probably become more customizable and easier to understan .
 astronomers : newly discovered planet may be able to support life <sec> gilese 581g is 20 light years from earth -- a near neighbor by galactic standards .  soon-to-be-published research says body is in `` habitable '' zone of its solar system .  scientists believe gilese 581g has a mass three to four times that of earth .  a habitable planet has to be a rocky planet large enough to hold an atmospher .
 hezbollah choice at center of lebanon vote <sec> analysts say the race will be tight .  some say the hezbollah-dominated alliance may win a parliamentary majority .  turnout is expected to be high among the country 's 3 million registered voters .  about 50,000 troops deploy to the street .
 'kony 2012 ' viral video raises questions about filmmakers <sec> `` kony 2012 '' racks up more than 70 million youtube views .  film documents ugandan warlord joseph kony 's atrocities and plight of ugandan children .  critics say film manipulates facts and distracts from more effective charity work in uganda .  supporters say any publicity of the lord 's resistance army is welcom .
 tiny homes hit the big city <sec> ireporters share stories of finding solace living in less than 500 square feet .  benefits include savings on utilities and mortgage , better quality of life .  small homes makes incursion into big city with new york city program to create micro-unit .
 u.s. analyst warns of n. korea missile <sec> new : u.s. secretary of state clinton says u.s. has no plans to shoot rocket down .  n. korea positions what analyst is believes is long-range missile for launch .  taepodong 2 rocket could launch either a warhead or a satellite .  north koreans have said they intend to launch a communications satellit .
 the story behind clinton 's trip to north korea <sec> former president clinton talked with national security adviser before trip .  clinton made it clear that his trip was strictly humanitarian , officials say .  meetings with north korean leader totaled a little over three hours .  former vp al gore was `` vigorously involved '' in effort to free journalist .
 cbs ' fall 2014 : 'ncis ' goes to nola <sec> cbs adds a new `` ncis '' spinoff to its 2014 fall schedule .  the lineup also includes a block of football on thursday nights .  other new shows include a drama about the secretary of state .  a new `` csi '' spinoff is expected to premiere later in the seaso .
 lawyers : tyra banks ' show exploited self-described teen sex addict <sec> lawyers say `` the tyra show '' was `` reckless '' in letting a teenage girl on the show .  the girl appeared on the show describing her struggles with sex-addiction .  lawyers say girl forged a signature on a parental consent form .  the girl 's mother , beverly mcclendon , is suing `` the tyra show '' for $ 3 millio .
 faa orders re-registration of thousands of private aircraft <sec> of 357,000 registered aircraft in u.s. , records for about 119,000 are believed out of date .  inaccurate records can conceal criminal or terrorist activity , experts say .  to deal with the disarray , the faa is in process of canceling registration for all civil aircraf .
 mexican president 's push for security reform faces resistance <sec> felipe calderon wants to overhaul the nation 's police .  some politicians are skeptical of the proposed reforms .  `` how long will we have armed forces at the forefront of the fight ? '' .  one lawmaker asks .  calderon says the changes are necessary to combat crime and corruptio .
 nasty weather wallops much of u.s. just before thanksgiving <sec> a dozen deaths are blamed on the weather across several states .  nearly 200 flights canceled monday at dallas-fort worth airport .  sleet and freezing rain will cover parts of the southern plains and rockies .  the storm will make a turn toward the northeast this wee .
 tears , angry accusations mark hearing on delayed va care , deaths <sec> one lawmaker cries in remembering her father , a former veteran who died of cancer .  agency accused of stonewalling congressional investigators on veterans ' deaths .  a cnn investigative piece in january found deaths associated with delayed care .  `` we need to do better , '' said a top va official who appeared before a house committe .
 michael ian black 's theories of comedy <sec> michael ian black now in `` michael and michael have issues '' .  comedy central show features more of awkward comedy he 's known for .  in real life ? .  black is uncomfortable with `` sincerity .
 conjoined twins separated after long surgery <sec> egyptian twin boys are less than a year old .  21st procedure of this type to be performed in the kingdom .  15-hour delicate surgery declared successful , surgeon says .  surgery free as part of king abdullah bin abdul aziz 's philanthropic initiativ .
 review : take a vacation from 'couples retreat ' <sec> `` couples retreat '' stars , was co-written by vince vaughn and jon favreau .  plot concerns couples who head for a vacation in bora bora , issues in tow .  movie offers some nice scenery , but it 's lazy with the laughs and plot .  most of the movie focuses on male half of couple .
 rape victim arrives in singapore for medical treatment <sec> victim arrived in singapore for treatment , hospital says .  the woman is in 'extremely critical condition ' says hospital spokesperson .  her case prompted protests in new delhi .  cabinet to set up a commission to look into the rap .
 football fanzone : pes 2009 game review <sec> cnn football fanzone reviews konami 's pro evolution soccer 2009 .  pes 2009 is little changed from previous incarnations in the series .  reviewer : while flawed , pes 2009 is still good fun in offline two-player mod .
 nipple ring search procedures faulty , tsa admits <sec> new : tsa backs officers who made passenger remove nipple rings .  new : agency acknowledges that procedures need to be changed .  agent using handheld metal detector at lubbock airport found piercings .  woman says she heard male agents snicker as she removed ring .
 sandy hook students return to class for first time since newtown shooting <sec> sandy hook elementary students return to class for the first time since the december 14 shooting .  they will travel to chalk hill middle school in the nearby town of monroe , connecticut .  the gunman shot his mother before killing 20 children and six adults at sandy hook elementar .
 steve jobs threatened palm with lawsuit over employee 'poaching ' <sec> steve jobs threatened to sue palm over `` poaching '' employees , documents say .  former apple ceo proposed agreement not to hire each others employees .  palm ceo called such a deal `` wrong '' and `` likely illegal '' .  biograpjy had mentioned jobs ' anger at palm , but not lawsuit threat .
 puerto rico firefighters work to contain massive fuel blaze <sec> new : crews battled into the night to contain a massive fuel depot fire in puerto rico .  complex sits near san juan 's bay , causing worries the water could be affected .  one person injured , 350 evacuated near san juan , puerto rico .  ireport.com : are you there ? .  send photos , videos of the flame .
 germany reacts to death of enke <sec> hannover and germany international goalkeeper robert enke , 32 , dies in apparent suicide .  enke 's death has sent shockwaves throughout germany , its media reporting the player left a suicide note .  many in football including his ex-teammates have expressed their condolence .
 obama wraps up 4-nation tour of asia <sec> president obama returning to united states after four-nation tour of asia .  obama announced plans to send envoy to north korea for nuclear talks .  obama met with south korean president lee myung-bak to discuss free trade agreemen .
 michael jackson death trial nears end after five months <sec> `` we 're in the 9th inning , '' judge tells jurors after 81 days of testimony .  jackson lawyers will call two more witnesses before resting their rebuttal case thursday .  closing arguments will be held in a large courtroom to allow hundreds to watch monday .  jackson `` wanted to redeem michael jackson '' with comeback shows , doctor testifie .
 in boston bombing , flood of digital evidence is a blessing and a curse <sec> the many cell phones and cameras on boston streets give authorities a wealth of images .  police : `` we intend to go through every frame '' .  authorities are asking witnesses for photos and video that might offer clues to the bomber .  vancouver police used video footage to identify criminal acts after 2011 riots in that cit .
 3rd person dies due to new york helicopter crash <sec> harriet nicholson , 60 , dies at a new york hospital , a city spokeswoman says .  one woman died instantly and another died a week later , officials have said .  the helicopter crashed into the east river shortly after takeoff october .
 japan companies experiment with work robots <sec> toshiba tests robotic greeter at upscale tokyo department store .  more japanese businesses are testing out robots as possible solution to japan 's shrinking workforc .
 no one fired in outing of cia official ; leak ruled inadvertent <sec> cia chief of station in afghanistan accidentally named in white house media report .  no one was disciplined or fired for the leak , white house spokesman says .  new procedures are put in place to avoid a repeat of the accidental outin .
 cnn 's top 10 memorable european championship moments <sec> michel platini 's nine goals in 1984 is a record for a european championship finals .  marco van basten 's volley for the netherlands in 1988 is one of the greatest goals of all time .  denmark and greece stunned football with victories in 1992 and 2004 respectivel .
 new late-stage breast cancer treatment approved <sec> the drug , kadcyla , presents a new way to knock out cancer cells .  it 's meant for some patients with a certain type of metastatic breast cancer .  the drug should be available to patients within two week .
 deadly clashes mark israel 's founding , arab 'catastrophe ' <sec> pro-palestinian protesters clash with police outside the israeli embassy in cairo .  hariri : the clashes sunday are `` blatant and intolerable aggression '' from israel .  netanyahu : `` we are determined to defend our borders and our sovereignty '' .  10 are killed along the israel-lebanon demarcation line , state news agency say .
 greece 'keen ' on mediterranean grand prix bid <sec> formula one could introduce a grand prix race in greece .  'formula 1 mediterranean grand prix ' registered as trademark .  f1 supremo bernie ecclestone says greeks `` are keen '' .  ecclestone confirms all systems go for russian grand prix in sochi later this yea .
 airports ' tiniest hotels : sleeping in a box <sec> airport micro hotels let travelers sleep in cabins rented by the hour .  the facilities give guests a private place to sleep during layovers .  the concept is spreading outside airports too , with one design to be installed in downtown mosco .
 captured commander is senior taliban leader <sec> mullah abdul ghani baradar in control of military operation in afghanistan , experts say .  afghan taliban 's second-in-command reportedly captured in pakistan .  baradar has had close relationship with osama bin laden , analysts say .  capture may suggest change in pakistan 's cooperation with u.s. , some experts sa .
 crime and punishment in the gaza strip <sec> vice gets a rare glimpse inside the gaza strip to see what life is like under hamas rule .  crew entered through an egyptian crossing that opened during the arab spring .  visit reveals rampant drug use among young people , overcrowded prison .
 misbehaving managers <sec> mark hughes accuses arsene wenger of `` not knowing how to behave '' after a defeat .  wenger has been involved in confrontations with several managers before .  he had a fierce rivalry with alex ferguson which subsided with arsenal 's declining fortunes .  jose mourinho has achieved particular notoriety , especially while at chelse .
 charlie hebdo shooting latest islam <sec> attackers shouted that they were avenging the prophet , paris prosecutor says .  security officials have warned of a rising threat from islamist extremists .  no responsibility has been claimed for the attack on charlie hebdo .  but it has in the past been subject to threats over its coverage of isla .
 german man admits fathering stepdaughter 's children <sec> new : there were allegations against detlef s. for more than a decade , officials say .  he is accused of 350 incidents of abuse of his daughter , stepdaughter and stepson .  he admits fathering the children but denies sexual abuse , the court says .  he is also accused of providing his daughter and stepdaughter to men who paid for sex with the .
 deadly egyptian riots go beyond football <sec> egypt 's health ministry says 79 people were killed in wednesday 's clashes .  matches between cairo 's top clubs , al ahly and zamalek , have history of violence .  anti-authoritarian fan groups of `` ultras '' accused mubarak regime of heavy handed treatment .  when revolution began , groups joined forces and led many of the cairo protest .
 venezuela 's chavez appears chipper , energetic on state tv <sec> `` what a lovely breeze , what lovely weather , '' a cheerful chavez says .  state-run vtv shows chavez walking a long hallway with belorussian leaders .  speculation continues to swirl about his health and political future .  journalist dan rather describes the venezuelan president 's situation as `` dire .
 tests begin into alleged u.s. chemical dumping in south korea <sec> u.s. and south korea teams are searching for chemicals at former military bases .  toxic chemicals were buried at a u.s. in the 1970s , a american veteran alleges .  agent orange has been linked to some cancer .
 officials : utah wildfire 25 percent contained <sec> 400 personnel are on scene to fight machine gun fire .  the blaze has burned 4,300 acres south of salt lake city .  utah national guard acknowledges `` mistakes '' after fire started from ammunitio .
