 paris attack overtakes obama 's economic push - cnnpolitics.com <sec> obama is pushing economic priorities ahead of state of the union speech .  but most media attention is on paris attac .
 connected tvs , fridge used in global cyberattack <sec> security firm : global cyberattack was launched from more than 100,000 everyday appliances .  gadgets included routers , televisions and at least one `` smart '' refrigerator .  proofpoint said the attack occurred between december 23 and january 6 .  poorly protected `` smart '' devices may be easier to infect and control than pc , laptops , or tablet .
 rove ignores committee 's subpoena , refuses to testify <sec> karl rove ordered to testify before the house judiciary committee .  rove 's lawyers say `` executive privilege '' makes him `` immune '' from subpoena .  panel is investigating whether rove was involved in firing of u.s. attorney .
 how girl geeks can get the best tech jobs <sec> women in technology founder gives top tips for women to succeed in it careers .  less than one in five professional technology jobs in the uk are filled by women .  women should make the most of recruiters ' desperation to improve their gender balance .  network , find a sponsor to help you get promoted and speak publicly to raise profil .
 historians investigate mystery photo booth portraits <sec> a collection of some 450 photo booth portraits are on display at rutgers university .  the images show the same man over what appears to be decades .  no one knows who he is or why he made the photographs .  `` it 's like looking at yourself in the mirror every morning , '' says the man who owns the print .
 kidnap suspect : mind control helped stop my sexual urges <sec> suspect phillip garrido gave fbi documents just days before he was arrested .  suspect says in documents he used mind control to stop predatory impulses .  garrido in document : `` i realized i never needed to act or do the things i used to '' .  garrido , wife nancy , arrested for kidnapping girl in 1991 , keeping her in she .
 pit bull from michael vick 's dog-fighting ring dies <sec> gracie the pit bull became something of a goodwill ambassador for her breed .  the bow-legged dog spent her final years with an adoptive household in richmond , virgini .
 michael moore , dr. gupta square off over 'sicko ' <sec> moore criticized a report gupta did on cnn monday on `` sicko '' .  gupta 's report questions some of the movie 's numbers and solutions .  gupta : `` i thought it was a good movie , and i wanted to say that .
 african runners win nyc marathon ; chilean miner takes limelight <sec> gebre gebremarian of ethiopia won the men 's category in the 2010 nyc marathon .  edna kiplagat , from kenya , won the women 's race .  but a chilean miner proved to be one of the main attractions of the race .  edison pena ran daily during his captivity in the min .
 juventus fight back to hold inter <sec> a mauro camoranesi goal earns juventus a 1-1 draw with leaders inter milan .  argentine striker julio cruz had given injury-hit inter the lead in the first half .  the result maintains inter 's unbeaten record and moves them two points clea .
 us airways captain the 'consummate pilot ' <sec> air force academy superintendent praises pilot 's character .  chesley b . .  `` sully '' sullenberger iii , 57 , is former air force fighter pilot .  sullenberger has 40 years of flight experience .  sullenberger is frequent speaker on airline safet .
 u.s. military starts curfew after rape claims <sec> two soliders have been acussed of rapes in september .  `` i offer the victim , her family and the korean people my sincere regret , '' military officials says .  the old curfew was rescinded back in 2010 .  that curfew had been in place for 9 year .
 the legend that is camelot eyes triple crown glory <sec> camelot aiming for triple crown at st leger stakes , winning the epsom derby and 2,000 guineas .  trainer aiden o'brien admits it will be a big stretch for the three-year-old colt .  his jockey son joseph will be masterminding the race , already racing camelot in all of his starts .  the last horse to win hat trick was nijinsky in 1970 , also trained at ballydoyle stable .
 hundreds of turks emulate 'standing man ' in protest <sec> new : police arrest a number of silent protesters .  hundreds of protesters emulate 'standing man ' in istanbul .  the u.n. human rights commissioner expresses concern about police tactics .  prime minister erdogan announces rallies this weekend in three big citie .
 rob ford returns - this time as toronto council man <sec> rob ford 's brother loses the mayoral race .  ford is battling liposarcoma , a rare and aggressive cancer .  he apologized for `` a lot of stupid things .
 british and russia warships repel pirates <sec> russian and british ships repel pirate attack on danish vessel .  british say three pirates died after an exchange of fire .  elsewhere , a turkish ship with 14 crew has been hijacked off yeme .
 bush fire survivor sam the koala dies after surgery <sec> sam pictured in photograph being nursed by a firefighter during february fires .  sam taken to southern ash wildlife shelter to heal from burns on her paws .  paws healed but she developed ovarian cysts associated with chlamydi .
 finding love online , despite health problems <sec> billion-dollar online dating industry has been booming despite recession .  sites include prescription 4 love and std-specific site positivesingles.com .  people with mental health problems also benefited from specialized site .
 ba upbeat despite second strike by cabin crew <sec> british airways says it was able to operate flights as normal at two london airports .  airline says it can fly more than 75 percent of customers scheduled to travel .  ba cabin crew members in dispute over pay and working conditions .  airline and unite union have been at odds for more than a year over planned change .
 review : patti smith 's 'banga ' <sec> patti smith 's 11th album is her most energized in years .  `` banga '' feels like both a return to form and a renewal .  the album comes out on june 5 .
 ethnic unrest in china leads to mass arrests <sec> new : chinese police detain at least 1,434 suspects .  new : police halt people gathering in yili kazak prefecture , aksu city , kashgar .  156 people killed and more than 800 others injured after violence .  ethnic uyghur residents in urumqi , capital of xinjiang region , take to street .
 india makes high-profile arrests in commonwealth games scandal <sec> new : singh reiterates that those found guilty will be punished .  four other organizing committee members were arrested earlier .  authorities are investigating massive corruption in the conduct of the games .  a series of other scandals have put prime minister manmohan singh on the defensiv .
 one direction 's zayn malik is engaged <sec> one direction 's zayn malik got engaged on sunday .  his intended is a member of a british girl group .  her mother said malik asked for her daughter 's han .
 ntsb : emergency brake applied in deadly n.y. rail crash <sec> tuesday 's fiery crash was the deadliest in metro-north railroad history .  suv stopped on the tracks ; driver and five people aboard train were kille .
 mother of nigerian finance minister kidnapped <sec> a `` massive manhunt '' is under way for her captors .  it is not known who is behind the kidnapping .  kamene okonjo is the mother of finance minister ngozi okonjo-iweal .
 pakistan extends custody of 5 american suspected militants <sec> pakistan says the five americans are college students who wanted to wage jihad .  they were arrested earlier this month in small pakistani city of sargodha .  the order keeping them in custody expired friday ; now extended 10 more days .  police asked for custody extension to have more time for investigatio .
 j.k. rowling pens harry potter prequel <sec> author j.k. rowling pens harry potter prequel for charity auction .  autographed 800-word piece will raise money for dyslexia charity .  previous autographed rowling pieces have raised millions of dollar .
 nba shoots for african basketball stars , courts new fan base <sec> africa is `` a huge opportunity '' for the nba , says incoming commissioner adam silver .  chicago bulls ' luol deng and luc mbah a moute are among nba 's african stars .  nba 's basketball without borders program promotes basketball outside u.s .
 top seeds li , kvitova and wozniacki march on <sec> li na reaches the french open third round after beating stephanie foretz gacon .  former world no . .  1 caroline wozniacki and wimbledon champion petra kvitova also win .  2011 runner-up francesca schiavone fights back to beat tsvetana pironkova .  no . .  10 angelique kerber and 18th seed flavia pennetta will play each in round thre .
 violence mars black friday <sec> new : `` no deal 's worth that , '' one witness shopper says of pepper spraying .  l.a. police seek woman suspect in walmart incident .  psychologist says black friday tactics make shoppers frenzied .  incidents mar black friday shopping in at least seven state .
 tennis : serena williams joins 200 club <sec> serena williams wins her 61st career title in california on sunday .  american triumphs at bank of the west classic for third time .  she is fifth women 's player to be ranked no . .  1 for 200 weeks or more .  williams will defend her rogers cup title in montreal this wee .
 gillette limits tiger woods ' role in marketing programs <sec> grooming company cuts back on tiger woods ' time after admission of `` infidelity '' .  woods admits to cheating on wife , plans `` indefinite break '' from golf .  woods : `` i am profoundly sorry and that i ask forgiveness '' .  nike , ea sports , pga tour pledge support to wood .
 obama announces $ 8 billion investment in high-speed train system <sec> projects and planning involving rail corridors will take place in 31 states , white house says .  investment will be made through state grants funded by $ 862 billion stimulus package .  more than 30 rail manufacturers agree to establish or expand u.s. operations if hire .
 middle east and china forge ties over oil <sec> china 's foreign policy values relationships to fuel its resource-hungry economy .  oil drives strategic relationship between middle east and china .  china 's `` great game '' seeks supplies rather than political influenc .
 modi says al qaeda will fail to recruit india 's muslims <sec> indian prime minister narendra modi says al qaeda wo n't gain a foothold in india .  modi : `` if anyone thinks indian muslims will dance to their tune , they are delusional '' .  al qaeda leader ayman al-zawahiri released a video message directed at south asia .  modi frames struggle against al qaeda as `` a fight between humanity and inhumanity .
 3 teens , 4-year-old among victims in virginia shootings <sec> new : suspect lived at the appomattox home where seven of the eight victims were found .  christopher speight , 39 , wearing bulletproof vest when he turned himself in , sheriff says .  police say suspect shot and hit helicopter , which made emergency landin .
 south sudanese celebrate the birth of their nation <sec> new : flag raised at embassy in washington .  leaders of north and the south strike a conciliatory tone .  `` we are free at last , '' cheering crowds chant on the streets .  south sudan 's sovereignty breaks africa 's largest nation into tw .
 world vasectomy day : why we need one <sec> a doctor and filmmaker team up to create world vasectomy day .  world vasectomy day encourages men to take responsibility for family planning .  tubal ligations for women are more invasive and risky than vasectomies , filmmaker say .
 angry clinton supporters toast mccain , roast obama <sec> the republican party held a happy hour for hillary clinton backers in denver .  some clinton backers say obama lacks experience necessary to be president .  only two-thirds of the new york senator 's supporters are backing obama , poll finds .  john mccain 's campaign has been actively courting clinton backer .
 family of thai policeman allegedly killed by red bull heir 's car express shock <sec> vorayud yoovidhaya , 27 , is a prominent member of one of thailand 's richest families .  police sgt . .  major wichien klanprasert was responding to a robbery when his bike was hit .  wealth does n't mean you can `` drive carelessly , '' one of his grieving sisters says .  vorayud claims he was suddenly cut off by the police motorcycle , the police sa .
 'emergency ' order issued to pick up country singer mccready 's son <sec> new : the boy 's father does n't think mccready will bring the child to florida .  `` the child is now an official missing person , '' a child welfare spokeswoman says .  the order gives law enforcement the right to go anywhere to pick up the child , 5 .  mccready has visitation rights but does not have legal custody of the bo .
 bring heritage breeds to holiday table <sec> peggy barlett : early thanksgiving dinner drew raves for tasty heritage turkey served .  she says a sustainable food system needs diversity , preservation of old varieties .  she says new weather patterns will stress crops ; old varieties provide growing options .  barlett : majority of food plant varieties are lost ; help save the rest by providing deman .
 after many delays , nasa launches rocket <sec> new : `` one of the most beautiful rocket launches i 've ever seen , '' says launch director .  ares l-x rocket heads into space at 11:30 a.m . .  et .  weather delayed launch tuesday at kennedy space center .  eventual goal with ares i-x program is return to the moo .
 america becoming less christian , survey finds <sec> new survey finds americans less likely to identify themselves as christian .  75 percent call themselves christian , down from 86 percent in 1990 .  survey finds an increase in number of people expressing no religious affiliation .  percentage of muslims has doubled , but still small : from 0.3 to 0.6 percen .
 sandusky denies new child-abuse allegations , attorney says <sec> two new accusations of child abuse stem from `` a very nasty '' divorce , lawyer says .  jerry sandusky denies inappropriate contact with relatives , attorney says .  sources : two new cases were reported to authorities less than 60 days ago .  the alleged victims are currently under 18 , the sources sa .
 two u.s. servicemen imprisoned for rape in japan <sec> the rape occurred in a parking lot .  assaults by u.s. servicemen are a hot-button issue in japan .  many in okinawa object to the presence of the u.s. bas .
 police find decapitated body of mexico newspaper editor <sec> castro was the editor in chief of the primera hora newspaper .  earlier this month , attackers left threats next to two other bodies .  attorney general 's office calls the deaths `` lamentable acts .
 review : 'the adventures of tintin ' offers boyish escapades and nostalgic antics <sec> `` tintin '' exists in a lost world of colonial exploration and adventure .  steven spielberg jokily introduces his hero through a street artist 's quick sketch .  the story moves at a good lick and spielberg 's touch is lighte .
 obama 's gospel concerts raise hornet 's nest of a dilemma <sec> obama holding concerts to win over african-american christians in s. carolina .  but lineup offends homosexuals , angered by appearance of anti-gay singer .  obama disavows preacher-singer 's views , asks gay pastor to appear to .
 road to durban : a green city journey <sec> the road to durban examines the cities making strides in reducing their carbon footprint .  viewers will visit urban centers in germany , turkey and kenya and the united kingdom .  the show will culminate in durban for the 17th u.n. convention on climate chang .
 opinion : 'war ! what is it good for ? ' more than you thought <sec> since 2000 , u.n. says the risk of violent death has fallen to 0.7 % .  in perhaps greatest paradox in history , what 's made the world safer is war itself , ian morris says .  war seems to be only way people have found to create peaceful societies , he argues .  morris : world has single great power -- usa -- capable of deterring governments from using forc .
 park heads man utd top with 2-1 win over liverpool <sec> park ji-sung heads a second half winner to give manchester united 2-1 win .  fernando torres puts liverpool ahead with wayne rooney leveling from spot .  victory sees united reclaim top spot in the english premier league .  new : chelsea held 1-1 at blackburn and are four points adrift with a game in han .
 your late fees are waived : blockbuster closes <sec> blockbuster climbed high in the 1990s on the videotape-rental business .  the company announced wednesday it would close its remaining u.s. stores .  once-dominant chain was done in by dvds , streaming , internet .  but when blockbuster was at peak , friday-night visits were an american rit .
 anna nicole smith 's boyfriend howard stern , doctors charged <sec> howard k. stern , sandeep kapoor , khristine eroshevich charged with eight felonies .  the three are accused of conspiring to furnish drugs before her death .  former playboy playmate died from an accidental overdose of prescription drugs .  all three charged with giving `` a controlled substance to an addict .
 eric garner case : justice department takes `` fresh look '' <sec> senior fbi agents lead federal civil rights investigation in chokehold death .  eric garner died at hands of police officers in jul .
 colorado ablaze : how to help <sec> tens of thousands of people are displaced due to raging wildfires in two areas of colorado .  hundreds of homes have been destroyed .  while the firefighters are battling the blaze , organizations are on the ground to help evacuee .
 are private facebook messages becoming public ? <sec> some users say old private facebook messages are appearing on their timelines .  facebook : these messages are actually just older wall posts .  social network says two separate systems make such a bug unlikel .
 giuliani 's daughter arrested on shoplifting charge <sec> daughter , 20 , is charged with one count of petty larceny .  caroline giuliani was arrested at a sephora skincare and makeup store .  she is the second of giuliani 's two children with his former wif .
 london attack mirrors plot to behead soldier <sec> a serving british soldier is killed in london by two armed men .  in recent years previous islamist plots have targeted british soldiers on home soil .  in separate case three men jailed in april had discussed targeting wootton bassett .  western town is where soldiers are repatriated after returning from afghanista .
 opinion : cell phone made me a theater vigilante <sec> theater critic kevin williamson is sick of rude audiences who talk or text during plays .  a woman sitting next to him would n't stop using her phone , so he took it and threw it .  she slapped him ; he was kicked out . .  but he 's glad he did it , calls it an act of criticism .  in part he blames managers who let people in late and do n't stop distracting behavio .
 speedway champion tai woffinden overcomes pain through body art <sec> british speedway rider tai woffinden is defending his world title this year .  he was born in england but grew up in australia before returning to europe .  the 23-year-old 's father , also his racing mentor , passed away in 2010 .  he keeps his memory alive through one of his many tattoo .
 archaeologists unearth viking boat burial in scottish highlands <sec> viking boat burial found at ardnamurchan in the scottish highlands .  experts say viking of high status was laid to rest inside boat , with belongings around him .  ornate sword , shield , spear and pin found alongside body in five-meter-long grave .  discovery hailed as `` one of the most important norse graves in britain .
 acronyms that accidentally turned naughty <sec> some government agency 's have had trouble with initials spelling naughty words .  the internet turned wisconsin tourism federation 's acronym into bad slang .  faa gave sioux city gateway airport the code sux which adorns t-shirts now .  iowa 's agency for seniors had the name department on aging , or do .
 epic fail ! career mistakes we made ( and still ended up at cnn ) <sec> cnn 's ireport boot camp challenges ireporters to improve their storytelling chops .  this week , we 're sharing mistakes we made in our careers and what we learned .  read about cnn producers ' ridiculous headlines , on-air mishaps and other slip-ups .  find other journalism and storytelling tips on our boot camp homepag .
