 two mayors back lgbt groups , wo n't march in st. patrick 's day parades <sec> new york 's bill de blasio , boston 's martin walsh back lgbt groups , wo n't participate .  de blasio : `` i simply disagree with the ... exclusion of some individuals in this city '' .  walsh : i must `` ensure that all bostonians are free to participate fully '' in city civic life .  three of the biggest u.s. beer companies have pulled sponsorship from parade .
 uk police ask for help in case of slain intelligence agent <sec> his naked body was found stuffed inside a locked bag in his bathroom .  victim gareth williams was on loan to mi6 , the foreign intelligence service , reports say .  surveillance video shows him shopping on august 15 , about a week before his body was discovered .  police say they found no sign of forced entry or robber .
 no 'clash of civilizations ' in paris attacks <sec> 'clash of civilizations ' line wheeled out when islamic extremists attack western target is sweeping generalization , david wearing says .  these two-dimensional representations do nothing to help us make sense of what is actually going on , wearing writes .  what is needed is for muslim and western democrats to stand together against extremism and violence in all its forms , he say .
 turkish court issues sentences in coup-plot case <sec> new : court on friday convicts 330 suspects of a plot to overthrow turkey 's government .  dozens of military commanders , once considered untouchable , have been imprisoned .  defense attorneys accuse government , prosecutors and judges of a political witch hunt .  they say the defendants could be sentenced to up to 20 years in prison if found guilt .
 u.s. relents in 11-year-old girl 's deportation case <sec> immigration enforcement agency files court motion to halt proceeding .  georgia schoolgirl was due to be sent back to poland , where she was born .  ewelina bledniak speaks perfect english ; father is u.s. citizen , mom has green card .  she was brought into u.s. illegally as a baby ; document foul-up kept her illega .
 andy warhol pops up in china <sec> first major retrospective of pop artist andy warhol 's work exhibiting in china .  warhol made first and only trip to china in 1982 , which provided artistic inspiration .  while iconic works are well-recognized in china , few people connect them with warhol .  warhol influenced chinese contemporary artists , most notably ai weiwei and xu bin .
 italy pm berlusconi 's immunity law faces court challenge <sec> silvio berlusconi 's government passed a law protecting officials from prosecution .  prosecutors challenged it on constitutional grounds .  berlusconi was facing two separate prosecutions when the law was passe .
 dennis rodman leaves north korea without meeting kim jong un <sec> online betting company paddy power ends connection to rodman .  rodman leaves north korea after his third trip without meeting leader kim jong un .  he helped prepare north korean basketball players for an upcoming exhibition .  rodman : `` i will be coming back in another week .
 amateur cantlay makes pga tour history <sec> patrick cantlay leads travelers championship after breaking course record .  the 19-year-old becomes first amateur golfer to card 60 on the pga tour .  he is seeking to become the youngest winner on the tour since 1900 .  phil mickelson was the last amateur player to win a pga tour title in 199 .
 yard debris burn likely behind south carolina fire , official says <sec> new : yard debris fire may be cause of blaze in myrtle beach , south carolina , area .  fire about 40 percent contained early friday in horry county .  `` i just want to go home , '' one resident yells ; nearly 2,500 evacuated .  fire has consumed about 20,000 acres , destroyed about 70 home .
 102 die in nigeria after dam collapse , flooding <sec> more than 100 people have died in nigerian flooding .  more flooding is possible during the rainy season , agency warns .  thousands of people have been displaced , the nigerian red cross say .
 boston marathon bombing 's second anniversary <sec> citizens gather to honor victims on one boston day , two years after the marathon bombings .  `` today will always be a little emotional for me , '' one bostonian tells cn .
 opinion : berezovsky laid low by damning judgment <sec> boris berezovsky has died in self-imposed exile in england .  damian kudriavtsev says his friend reorganized russian industry after years of inefficiency .  a uk judge gave a damning judgment on berezovsky after suing roman abramovic .
 gas prices are n't forever , obama tells americans - cnnpolitics.com <sec> president barack obama advised americans to be wise about their gas savings .  in an interview with the detroit news , he reminded americans that gas prices will eventually rise again .  obama will travel to michigan on wednesday to tout the resurgence of the auto industr .
 communications cut to residents in eastern tajikistan <sec> government forces clash with opposition fighters in gorno-badakshan region .  at least 42 people are killed .  tensions run high in the area ; ethnic pamiris have been at odds with the government .  the region was a stronghold for islamist rebels during a bloody civil wa .
 sailing the northwest passage : mission accomplished <sec> crew of silent sound complete the northwest passage , heading for halifax .  crew have faced dangerous ice bergs and waves up to 8 meters high .  arctic communities at a crossroads , directly and indirectly from climate chang .
 kerry heads to israel for mideast peace talks <sec> kerry kickstarted latest peace effort eight months ago .  spokeswoman : kerry decided to return to region this week after consulting with u.s. negotiators .  borders , security issues , status of jerusalem still are sticking point .
 portland water supply to be flushed after teen urinates into reservoir <sec> teen arrested after he urinated in portland water reservoir .  city to dump 38 million gallons of drinking water .  similar incident happened in portland in 201 .
 engineering a hurricane-proof roof <sec> canadian researchers test roof on full-scale house under hurricane conditions .  early results reveal that leeward rather than windward side of roof failed first .  `` three little pigs '' project aims at structural improvements that are available to al .
 shattered homes greet galveston ireporters <sec> galveston residents may not be able to come home for weeks .  ireporter carlos ortega says beachfront houses are gone in his neighborhood .  ireporter matteu erchull rode out storm and lost everything .  are you cleaning up after ike ? .  share photos , video .
 soccer player booted for 2 games after kicking animal mascot <sec> colombia 's luis moreno also fined $ 560 after kicking an owl .  bird was `` practically a symbol for the barranquillera fan , '' soccer officials said .  owl , which landed on field during game , died a day after inciden .
 chinese authorities kill 20,000 birds as avian flu toll rises to 6 <sec> new : authorities slaughter market birds in shanghai after h7n9 found in pigeons .  poultry markets in shanghai will close starting saturday .  fourteen human cases of h7n9 have been reported in eastern china so far .  no cases of human-to-human transmission virus have been confirme .
 arizona man discovers brain tumor after he 's pistol-whipped <sec> the store jerimiah willey manages was robbed last month .  he was beaten by the man who robbed the convenience store .  a hospital ct scan showed a massive tumor .  a fund has been set up to help pay for medical expense .
 people-painter turns tables on illusion <sec> artist alexa meade physically paints on human subjects .  then she places them in a real-life setting and photographs it .  after her work went viral online , she was invited to give a ted talk .  meade loves `` beautiful tension '' between painted surface and photographed perso .
 sheen canned from sitcom after extended public meltdown <sec> new : sheen tells tmz the firing is `` good news '' .  it comes after two weeks of public comments by sheen .  the 45-year-old actor made $ 2 million per episod .
 paul reubens teases long-rumored 'pee-wee ' movie <sec> paul reubens has teased that a new pee-wee herman movie is in the works .  he made the announcement on `` the tonight show '' wednesday .  the actor 's character has recently returned to the spotligh .
 head-trauma lawsuits against nfl grow into hundreds <sec> former philadelphia eagles ' fullback kevin turner confronts als .  hundreds of former players have filed lawsuits against the nfl .  the league has denied the claims and rejects allegations of mistreatment .  the nfl is expected to air a commercial on super bowl sunday about player healt .
 va inspector general : wait times contributed to deaths - cnnpolitics.com <sec> richard griffin , the va 's acting inspector general , spars with committee .  lawmakers and two whistleblowers from the phoenix va disagree with his findings .  cnn has been investigating and reporting on veterans ' deaths and delays at va facilitie .
 what the fork ? edible tableware takes off in japan <sec> disposable tableware is convenient but damaging for the environment .  in japan , a small family business is hoping to extend dinner past just the items on your plate .  marushige seika k. k has developed a range of edible tablewar .
 expert : kansas cop seacat did n't forge wife 's suicide note <sec> brett seacat is on trial for murder , accused of killing his wife , vashti .  a defense expert testifies he did not forge her suicide note .  in cross-examination , the expert tells prosecutors she is no longer certified in her fiel .
 nevermind the school run , in the philippines its a swim <sec> children in remote villages in southern philippines have to swim to school .  families ca n't afford second boat to ferry children to class .  foundation supported by social networks started called yellow boats of hope .  school boats and more social initiatives have transformed the prospects of whole village .
 zimbabwe schools begin fightback <sec> in two years , 20,000 teachers have left zimbabwe .  desperately poor parents sometimes pay for education with livestock .  zimbabwe 's education system suffered as the economy went into freefall .  head teacher : we need to teach these kids ... to become something in the worl .
 georgia woman loses hands , remaining foot to flesh-eating bug <sec> aimee copeland 's dad tells how he broke the news that her hands would be amputated .  `` i have never seen such a strong display of courage , '' he says of his daughter .  copeland had already lost a leg and part of her abdomen to an infection by a rare bug .  she has necrotizing fasciitis , caused by a flesh-devouring bacteria she got in an acciden .
 after nixing concert , willie nelson says : 'seaworld is not ok ' <sec> willie nelson says `` it was n't that hard '' a decision to cancel his seaworld gig .  `` i do n't agree with the way they treat their animals , '' he says .  nelson 's cancellation comes a week after the barenaked ladies canceled .  the theme park has faced criticism in the wake of the cnn doc , `` blackfish .
 opinion : health care fiasco highlights obama 's broken promise <sec> ruben navarrette : it 's been a tough week for obama , including criticism from clinton .  he says millions of americans are seeing policies canceled , only small numbers signing up .  democrats running for re-election in 2014 are getting nervous , he says .  obama 's poll ratings are taking a hit due to lack of confidence in his words , he say .
 tony stewart case goes to grand jury <sec> kevin ward jr. died after he was struck by tony stewart 's race car during a race .  stewart says he respects the legal process .  a new york sheriff 's office recently wrapped up its four-week investigation .  the district attorney said he will submit the evidence in the 'near future .
 kanye west gets community service in paparazzi scuffle <sec> rapper and his business manager must finish 50 hours of community service .  in exchange , charges will be dismissed in l.a. airport scuffle in 2008 .  kanye west , don crawley had altercation with photographer , cameraman .  court official : incident does n't `` demonstrate a severe character flaw .
 what does iran get for supporting al-assad ? <sec> iranians have cast syria conflict as broad ideological battle .  iran probably knows what bashar al-assad is thinking , expert says .  al-assad is trying to cling to power during a 17-month uprising to oust him .  iran cares because syria is main conduit to hezbollah which can get at israe .
 ryder cup : stephen gallacher , ian poulter and lee westwood get wildcards <sec> europe reveals wildcard picks for ryder cup .  stephen gallacher , ian poulter , lee westwood all selected .  luke donald misses out .  ryder cup starts in scotland on september 2 .
 commentary : tax-free hypocrisy from higher education <sec> beck says he has a problem with how harvard does n't spend its money .  universities run by highly educated hypocrites , beck says .  beck says most colleges fail on consistency and accountabilit .
 ocean shield : a mission of hope and uncertainty in hunt for flight 370 <sec> an australia ship has left port to try to locate `` pings '' from missing airliner mh370 .  some see it as the best hope of finding the vanished malaysia airlines flight .  it carries state-of-the-art equipment to detect pings from the black boxes .  but man in charge of the gear says it is no use unless search area can be narrowe .
 authorities arrest suspect in dutch child abuse case <sec> officials identify the suspect as `` robert m , '' a substitute preschool teacher .  he is arrested in amsterdam on suspicion of molesting up to 50 children .  interpol : child pornography can only be produced through the sexual abuse of childre .
 mexican investigators trying to identify 72 bodies found near border <sec> new : the dead are believed to be central and south american migrants crossing mexico .  brazil says at least four brazilians were among the dead .  calderon says criminals are extorting migrants as mexican government weakens cartels .  three suspects and a member of the mexican military were killed in a shootou .
 rebels assault 2 towns in central african republic despite peace talk plans <sec> new : rebels attack two towns , searching for hiding civilians .  new : peace talks are planned for thursday .  u.n. says armed groups are forcing children to fight and serve as sex slaves .  both opposition and pro-government militias are recruiting child soldiers , it say .
 british pm apologizes for treatment of gay code-breaker <sec> online petition calling for apology for alan turing elicits response from uk pm .  gordon brown issues statement apologizing for his `` appalling '' treatment .  turing committed suicide two years after undergoing chemical castration .  best known for decoding messages from german enigma machines in wwi .
 indiana state government unearths $ 320 million in unknown tax revenue <sec> indiana 's state government finds $ 320 million that it did n't know it had .  the state cut roughly that amount in k-12 education funding , a democrat notes .  gov . .  daniels makes light of the finding , saying , `` christmas came early '' .  several democrats have demanded an `` independent audit '' into what happene .
 horseback riders who spotted hannah anderson speak : 'they did n't fit ' <sec> new : `` it 's one chance in a trillion , '' says one rider .  two couples came across james dimaggio and 16-year-old hannah anderson .  their tip to authorities ended a frantic , weeklong manhunt .  `` just kind of a gut feeling , '' says another ride .
 6.3 earthquake hits southern mexico <sec> new : the earthquake is an aftershock of a 7.4-magnitude quake that struck march 20 .  the quake 's epicenter was about 17 miles from ometepec , guerrero .  there are no immediate reports of injuries or major damage .  residents in mexico city felt the temblo .
 ukraine : rebel leader resigns ; military jet shot down <sec> rebel leader says his job is done , time to hand over the reins .  resignation comes as ukrainian military moves to retake donetsk .  ukraine : militants shot down ukrainian mig-29 on thursda .
 10 days after quake , israeli workers rescue buried survivor <sec> new : man rescued near the quake-ravaged presidential residence south of the capital .  new : massive blaze consumes a textile factory in port-au-prince friday night .  a 4.4 aftershock rattles port-au-prince thursday , following worse one wednesday .  supplies pile up at airport but no distribution system seems to exist , sanjay gupta report .
 south koreans seek open communications <sec> `` south korea is competing with north korea in trying to control the public , '' social media user says .  he addresses nation 's approach to social media users .  `` people are angry , '' he say .
 additional airports to get full-body scanners , feds say <sec> boston 's logan international airport expected to get scanners on friday .  chicago and los angeles airports also among facilities receiving scanners .  government plans to deploy 450 units by the end of 201 .
 commentary : iran 's hardliners are the real losers <sec> fawaz gerges : iran 's ruling mullahs forfeited their public support in the election .  gerges : ruling mullahs are out of step with women and young voters .  he says hardliners are swimming against the current of iranian societ .
 us charges company president in elk river spill <sec> fbi : gary southern tried to give the impression that he had not been with company long .  the intent was to make it seem like he could not be held responsible .  in reality , he had been with the company for about five years , the complaint read .  a leaky tank spilled 7,000 gallons of a chemical into w. virginia 's elk river in januar .
 daughter of former iranian leader starts prison sentence <sec> faezeh hashemi rafsanjani was arrested last year for taking part in anti-government protests .  she is serving a six-month sentence .  her father is akbar hashemi rafsanjani , former iranian presiden .
 blast at desert spaceport kills 3 <sec> source : explosion happened during a test of a new rocket motor for a spaceship .  the craft is being built for richard branson 's virgin galactic .  spokeswoman : the blast was on a remote pa .
 funeral for powell boys set for saturday in washington <sec> new : `` he blew up the house and kids ! '' .  shouts the social worker who dropped them off .  service will be open to the public , says an attorney .  `` we knew ... he was capable of this , '' missing woman 's father says .  josh powell was a suspect in the 2009 disappearance of his wife , susan cox-powel .
 dutch right-winger wilders cleared of anti-muslim charges <sec> geert wilders ' comments were denigrating but not illegal , the court rules .  he faced charges of inciting discrimination and hatred over his film `` fitna '' .  it juxtaposes verses from the quran with images of terrorist acts .  the united states and european union both complained about i .
 former sen. howard baker dies <sec> baker died on thursday . .  he was 88 .  he was a former majority leader , presidential candidate , and white house chief of staff .  baker excelled in an era of compromise , known as a conciliato .
 ivory coast close to qualifying for brazil after beating senegal <sec> ivory coast beats senegal 3-1 in the first leg of their football playoff in africa .  papiss cisse 's goal well into injury time gives senegal some hope in the return leg .  the second leg will be played in morocco because of a stadium ban in senegal .  burkina faso edged algeria 3-2 in the other playoff first leg contested saturda .
 islamic finance spreads in nigeria <sec> nigerian authorities have introduced regulations introducing islamic banking .  islamic banks do not charge interest because it 's prohibited under the sharia law .  islamic finance can appeal to christians as well , says hajara adeola of lotus capita .
 cristiano ronaldo scores treble as real madrid puts eight goals past deportivo <sec> cristiano ronaldo nets a hat-trick as real madrid scores eight goals .  gareth bale and substitute javier hernandez collect two each in 8-2 win .  colombia star james rodriguez also scores at deportivo la coruna .  real has struggled in la liga and could end weekend six points behind barcelon .
 opinion : jihadist terrorism in america since 9/11 <sec> authors : since 9/11 , al qaeda has n't carried out a successful attack in the u.s . .  they say the threat has evolved into a danger of homegrown extremists launching attacks .  study finds that the number of attempted attacks has been declining .  authors : could the boston bombings have been prevented through better intelligence .
 l.a. schools to review past 40 years of teacher discipline cases in misconduct crisis <sec> los angeles school officials are now going back 40 years in their review of past teacher misconduct .  they have just reviewed the past four years of teacher discipline cases .  l.a. school officials referred 604 teacher cases to state authorities in charge of license revocation .  california senate passes a bill that makes firing teachers for misconduct easie .
