 poll position : where does obama stand ? <sec> obama 's approval rating has dropped a few points in polls since his inauguration .  his numbers stand well below those of his predecessors at similar points in their terms .  while obama 's numbers have slipped , they 're still well above those of congress .  two-thirds of those surveyed say they 'll watch speech , but there 's a partisan divid .
 fbi : $ 2.1 million reward paid in 'whitey ' bulger case <sec> the couple was arrested in california in june .  james `` whitey '' bulger is accused in 19 homicides .  at least two people received reward mone .
 america has made the world freer , safer and wealthier <sec> robert kagan : we take for granted the relative peace , freedom and prosperity of the world .  america 's dominance as a superpower has encouraged democracy , prevented war , he says .  kagan : an american decline could lead to a more turbulent and troubled worl .
 china air pollution : 'slightly polluted ' or 'hazardous ' ? <sec> china rated beijing air 'slightly polluted ' that u.s. standards rated 'hazardous ' this week .  beijing officials use equipment from the u.s. to monitor air quality , but standard is lower .  public complaints over beijing 's worsening air quality on microblogs are common .  government has put environmental protection as a priority in its latest 5-year pla .
 court will hear appeal of same-sex marriage measure <sec> three groups file challenge to proposition 8 , which bans same-sex marriage .  groups say ballot initiative `` improperly used '' to strip away state constitutional right .  court says it will not interfere with enforcement of the law before it hears appeal .  state supreme court legalized same-sex marriage in may 15 rulin .
 black sabbath announce new album produced by rick rubin <sec> rick rubin will produce the new album released by the reunited black sababth , due next fall .  henry rollins hosted a q & a for black sabbath before they answered outside questions .  when asked why they were reuniting now , member ozzy osbourne said , `` it 's just time .
 syrian ambassador rejects call for independent investigation <sec> new : at least 35 tanks in and around daraa , witnesses say .  `` we can undertake an investigation by our own selves , '' jaafari says .  rights group lists names of more than 400 people killed .  sarkozy says no action will be taken without a u.n. security council resolutio .
 tornado chaser were researchers , not cowboys , colleagues say <sec> tornado chaser 's brother : `` i just could n't ever think it would ever happen to him '' .  tim and paul samaras and carl young were killed chasing a tornado on friday night .  paul samaras , budding videographer , described as `` quirky , fun , and just so easy going '' .  carl young worked on hollywood crews until 2000 adventure in nebraska changed his pat .
 bhutto took on risks in life <sec> new : bush : bhutto `` refused to allow assassins to dictate the course of her country '' .  bhutto was first female prime minister of a muslim country .  bhutto survived assassination attempt in october .  her father , a former prime minister , was hanged in 197 .
 williams , toro rosso unveil 2012 cars as f1 's pre-season tests begin <sec> williams and toro rosso unveil new cars at jerez on tuesday .  f1 teams are at the spanish circuit for a four-day preseason test event .  brazil 's bruno senna will race for williams , following in the footsteps of his uncle ayrton .  lotus ' 2007 world champion kimi raikkonen led the way on the first day of testin .
 red cross demands gaza access , cites 'shocking ' discoveries <sec> red cross : workers found weak kids with dead mothers during trip into gaza city .  team found wounded people , corpses , red cross says .  red cross official : israeli military did n't help the wounded .  international committee of the red cross demands access to gaz .
 world population projected to reach 7 billion in 2011 <sec> global population to reach 7 billion in two years , research institute projects .  most growth is occurring in developing and poor nations , study finds .  uganda 's population expected to almost triple by 2050 .  india projected to overtake china as most populous countr .
 from earning six figures to hoping for $ 7 an hour <sec> 1,200 people hoping for a job applied at colorado store hiring 150 .  mortgage broker once earned six figures , hopes for $ 7- to $ 12-per-hour job .  store openings are rare with retail sales down for six straight months .  a single mother of three is excited after getting a part-time jo .
 u.s. settles case in immigration raids , must follow new guidelines <sec> class-action suit revolved around raids of homes in new york .  court settlement sets new rules for home searches by immigration agents .  activists call settlement a victory for latino .
 sheriff joe arpaio : unpatriotic arizona inmates to eat bread , water <sec> the inmates will eat bread and water for seven days .  they are all male and part of the maricopa county jail system .  it 's managed by controversial sheriff joe arpaio .  `` sheriff arpaio is a korean war veteran and a big patriot , '' spokesman say .
 typhoon morakot lashes taiwan <sec> island gets more than 39 inches of rain ; 47 inches more possible .  airlines cancel flights ; schools , government offices , stock exchange closed .  more than 900 people evacuated from resort of nanji island off east chin .
 terror trial defendant makes own closing argument <sec> defendant talks about his muslim faith , not evidence , in closing argument .  syed haris ahmed charged with providing material support to terrorists .  prosecutors : ahmed discussed potential u.s. attack targets in '05 trip to canada .  ahmed , 24 , is former georgia tech student who moved to suburban atlanta at 1 .
 paula deen lawsuit appears to be over ; settlement a possibility <sec> federal lawsuit appears to be over .  it 's unclear whether dismissal meant a settlement .  a former employee had sued paula dee .
 terror suspect showed 'radicalized behavior ' in school <sec> mohamed alessa exhibited `` threatening '' behavior , school spokesman says .  court papers : alessa and friend sought to join terror organization .  school spokesman says charges are not surprising .  bail hearing set for thursda .
 anti-war activist cindy sheehan wo n't pay back taxes <sec> irs sues cindy sheehan to get financial records .  the anti-war activist 's son was killed in iraq in 2004 .  she says it is her moral responsibility to refuse to pa .
 syria : why i went back ( opinion ) <sec> naeem : after leaving syria , i forgot how it was to be constantly terrified .  returning was the first time he had seen real-life destruction .  in syria now , if you live , you are lucky , he say .
 could pot push voters to the polls this fall ? <sec> critical battleground state of florida , and others , have pot legalization on fall ballots .  advocates say marijuana legalization measures could help with youth voter turnout .  opponents accuse legalization advocates of using the issue to influence elections .  florida 's medical marijuana vote this fall could prove a watershed momen .
 lil wayne leaves hospital <sec> lil wayne fans panicked friday amid reports the rapper was near death .  `` god is great , '' young money president tweets as lil wayne leaves hospital .  the 30-year-old hip hop artist suffered a seizure , his publicist say .
 australia 's most populous state braces for worst day of wildfires <sec> new : more than 70 wildfires -- including 29 that are not contained -- are raging .  a line of wildfires nearly 1,000 miles long threatens the state of new south wales , australia .  high winds and temperatures threaten to make wednesday the worst day for the blazes .  more than 200 homes in the blue mountains region west of sydney have been destroye .
 new jersey man arrested after bomb-making materials found <sec> dulk was stopped for a traffic violation , police say .  authorities got a warrant to search his apartment .  weapons , including an assault rifle , and canisters of black powder are foun .
 opinion : pope francis inspires us to do more good <sec> pope francis announced that two former popes will be canonized in april 2014 .  lincoln chafee : once again , pope francis is showing the path toward tolerance .  he says francis 's papacy offers a chance for us to fight poverty and renew civics .  chafee : francis is a shining example for people of rhode island and rest of u.s .
 china suspends u.s. military visits after taiwan arms deal <sec> china suspends military exchanges with u.s. over $ 6.4b arms deal with taiwan .  sale includes 60 black hawk helicopters , 114 air defense missiles , mine-hunting ships .  china says it `` is strongly dissatisfied '' with arms sales to taiwan by the united states .  state department says arms sales guarantee security and stability `` across taiwan strait .
 egypt 's muslim brotherhood to field presidential candidate <sec> khairat al-shater will be the muslim brotherhood 's candidate for president in may .  al-shater is a businessman who served two prison terms in the mubarak era .  a pardon by egypt 's ruling military clears the way for his run .  the brotherhood 's political arm led parliamentary elections in decembe .
 ten-man city crash at resurgent chelsea <sec> chelsea climb to third place after beating 10-man manchester city 2-1 .  city 's premier league lead chopped to two points after latest round of matches .  mario balotelli puts visitors ahead before raul meireles levels for chelsea .  city 's gael clichy is sent off in second half and sub frank lampard nets late penalt .
 federal investigation claims abuses among new orleans police <sec> new orleans police department is found to be violating constitution and federal law .  officers lack proper training and supervision , officials say .  many department practices are said to contribute to poor conduct .  the justice department investigation has support of local leader .
 opinion : strike would make syria peace less likely <sec> patrick m. regan : obama facing decision on striking syria over use of chemical weapons .  whatever strategic reasons , he says , obama 's act would have implications for syria 's civil war .  he says much research shows outside intervention in civil wars makes them longer and worse .  regan : statistical evidence suggests well-timed negotiations can shorten wa .
 a team of balos : mario 's dream lineup <sec> mario balotelli has a little fun with his panini sticker album .  striker 's self-regarding facebook picture shows a full italy squad made up of his photo .
 everything you need to know about sunscreen this summer <sec> labels will say `` broad spectrum '' only if they protect against uvb and uva rays .  if you have oily skin use an oil-free mineral block in an ultralight gel or liquid .  reapply every two hours -- more often if you 're in and out of the wate .
 fear , panic grip libyan capital as unknown fighters wage battle <sec> at least seven people are killed during clashes in tripoli this week .  two people , including a 12-year-old boy , died wednesday .  at least five people were killed tuesday when a group attacked an oil protection force .  separately , three car bombs explode in sabha , killing two peopl .
 homs : bloody winter in syria 's revolution capital <sec> homs , syria 's third largest city , is known as the capital of the revolution .  battles between army defectors and government forces have left hundreds dead in recent months .  opposition members say pro-regime militia is stoking sectarian tensions in the cit .
 9/11 family group decries banning politicians from commemoration <sec> 9/11 memorial officials are barring politicians from speaking at this year 's n.y. ceremony .  a group representing about 50 families objects to the decision .  other family members of victims support the move .  family members will read the names of lost loved ones during the commemoratio .
 bottled water faces backlash <sec> advocacy video claims consumers are being scared into buying bottled water .  bottled water industry claims it 's a smart choice to buy bottled water .  critic annie leonard : some bottled water is tap water ; plastic bottles pollute .  industry says bottled water containers are 100 percent recyclabl .
 australia gang war rages over drugs , money and power <sec> war erupts between two families -- the morans , williams -- over drug trade .  one man shot in van with kids , another while taking out garbage .  thirty people killed in the high profile turf war .  war inspires smash hit television series called `` underbelly .
 10 places where the wild things are <sec> alligator dances consist of nighttime courtship gatherings of up to a hundred gators .  eastern quebec is the place to dive with greenland sharks .  search hard to find the largest and rarest squirrel in the world in pakista .
 confessions of a british banker ex-hong kong <sec> british banker left hong kong to escape pull of drugs scene .  cocaine readily available with a quick phone call , prompt delivery .  drugs , prostitutes rife in wan chai , hong kong 's red light district .  district recently scene of grisly double murder in luxury fla .
 verizon says 4g data outage is fixed <sec> verizon 's lte network experiences major issues in the past 24 hours .  while the 4g portion has been down , 3g is working .  customers were unable to activate any 4g lte device .
 lifetime will adapt stephen king 's 'big driver ' <sec> it will be an adaptation of king 's horror novella `` big driver '' .  olympia dukakis and joan jett will also star .  story follows a mystery and thriller writer who gets strande .
 africa 's magnificent mountains : 7 amazing climbs <sec> african mountains offer all kinds of climbers a wide range of trekking experiences .  magnificent scenery , rare wildlife and cultural exchanges are major draws .  kilimanjaro in tanzania , africa 's tallest mountain , is the most popular destination .  we pick seven picks of the best hikes in the continen .
 'housewives ' star michaele salahi assures deputy she 's not kidnapped <sec> new : michaele salahi with journey guitarist neal schon , his management says .  sheriff : michaele salahi tells a deputy she does n't want her husband to know where she is .  tareq salahi 's manager : `` michaele salahi may have been kidnapped '' .  the salahis gained notoriety as white house party crashers in 200 .
 human trial of experimental ebola vaccine starts soon <sec> u.s. reaches contract for development of experimental zmapp drug .  fda gives green light for ebola vaccine human safety trial to begin .  this will be the first test of this type of ebola vaccine in humans .  vaccine will be given to 20 healthy volunteers at the nih in marylan .
 more than 100 injured after earthquake hits coastal peru <sec> new : 119 people are injured , civil defense officials say .  new : 40 homes are reported destroyed or damaged .  the quake strikes some 9 miles southeast of ic .
 greek player banned for fascist salute <sec> giorgos katidis barred for life from senior greek national team after fascist salute .  20-year-old says he did not know the meaning of his actions .  leading aek fans group calls for his exclusion from the clu .
 face time with nasser al ansari <sec> nasser al ansari is ceo of qatari diar , qatar 's state-owned investment group .  its global projects are part of nation 's attempt to diversify investment portfolio .  investment also aims to bring expertise and jobs to neighboring countrie .
 a tale of two cities : french firms envy german conditions <sec> two towns either side of the french-german border have contrasting economic fortunes .  french selestat has 7.4 % unemployment , compared with 2.8 % in german emmendingen .  french businesses say they envy the lower tax and labor costs across the border .  they fear the burden on french business will increase after the forthcoming electio .
 cnn student news - october 28 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 silent victims : iraqi women trafficked for sex , report says <sec> study : years of conflict have made iraqi women vulnerable to sex trafficking .  thousands of women and girls are thought to have been trafficked in iraq and the region .  some girls as young as 11 have been sold as sex slaves in nightclubs , the report says .  the issue is shrouded in secrecy in a conservative , mostly muslim societ .
 moscow finds 'passive ' ally in china over ukraine action <sec> china 's president : situation in ukraine is `` highly complicated and sensitive '' .  russia has attempted to depict china 's support as more unequivocal than it actually is .  beijing attempting to balance relationship with ally russia as well as west .  analyst : china also has strong strategic and commercial ties with ukrain .
 ferguson : van persie 'could have been killed ' <sec> manchester united boss alex ferguson believes robin van persie `` could have been killed '' .  dutch striker hit in head with ball while on the ground after ashley williams kicked ball away .  patrice evra 's goal canceled out by michu 's strike as united held 1-1 by swansea .  chelsea crushes aston villa 8-0 to move into third position in english premier leagu .
 in beijing 's yabaolu , 'good friends ' come to trade <sec> yabaolu was once a quiet beijing neighborhood of mostly one-story courtyards .  now it 's a bustling trading hub dotted with shops and high-rise shopping malls .  poles , ukrainians , yugoslavs and other east european traders also partak .
 suicide bomber explodes car , killing 2 afghan police officers <sec> the taliban claim responsibility , boast they killed 10 officers .  attack wounds eight more people , government says .  this week , u.s. forces capture a high-ranking leader of the pakistani taliba .
 canadian dismemberment suspect arrested in germany <sec> berlin police trainees arrested luka rocco magnotta at an internet cafe in berlin .  `` you got me , '' police say he told officers .  canadian investigators will now look into possibility of other crimes , montreal police say .  magnotta is accused of dismembering a student and mailing body parts to politician .
 'forbidden voices ' : female bloggers fight for freedom of speech <sec> `` forbidden voices '' follows lives of female dissident bloggers around world .  female dissident bloggers often suffer violence , detainment by repressive regimes .  film follows iran 's farnaz seifi , cuba 's yoani sanchez , china 's zeng jinya .
 opinion : do n't drive iraq 's kurds into iran 's arms <sec> u.s. president barack obama is set to announce his strategy for dealing with isis .  alex vatanka and sarkawt shamsulddin say the iraqi kurds stand out as potential partners .  the kurdish regional government is secular and western orientated , they say .  but the threat of isis means the krg will accept whatever help it can , the authors sa .
 eating healthy on a shoestring budget <sec> cnn 's sean callebs talks about his month living on a food-stamp budget .  he lost some weight but learned how to better cook , budget and bargain-hunt .  callebs cut out diet soda `` treat '' and experienced less acid reflux .  range of responses from readers , from `` ca n't be done '' to `` welcome to my world .
 israeli airstrikes target gaza after multiple attacks <sec> egypt says three troops killed in clashes near border .  death toll rises in israel after later incident .  egyptian official says border security not affected by revolution .  netanyahu says the people who gave the order to attack are dea .
 'the wolverine ' director james mangold in talks for sequel <sec> get ready for another wolverine standalone movie .  `` the wolverine '' director james mangold is in talks .  `` the wolverine '' was a modest blockbuster in the u.s. this summe .
 savage beauty : the bizarre beauty of alexander mcqueen <sec> alexander mcqueen : savage beauty has arrived at the victoria and albert museum in london .  the exhibition showcases the late designers most memorable pieces .  v & a director mark roth sees it as a `` homecoming '' for london-born mcquee .
 15-love : top tennis romances <sec> cnn world sport selects the top 15 romances involving the stars of tennis .  rich history of tennis love-matches over the sport 's long history .  major champions andre agassi and steffi graf still together after 10 years of marriage .  caroline wozniacki and rory mcilroy -- known as `` wozilroy '' -- recently started datin .
 on the trail of the 'blood countess ' in slovakia <sec> it 's unknown exactly how many girls the blood countess tortured and killed . .  reports range from 100 to 650 victims .  she was never convicted of her crimes but was kept under house arrest in cachtice castle .  the bathory name is now a brand of surprisingly excellent wines called `` bathory blood .
