 man pleads guilty to killing virginia tech student <sec> haiyang zhu pleads guilty to first-degree murder in the death of xin yang .  xin was attacked with a knife and decapitated at a restaurant in january .  they were believed to have known each other , but there was no sign of an argument .  slaying was the first on the virginia tech campus since the 2007 shooting .
 opinion : the 'cold calling ' pope <sec> reports that pope francis told woman married to divorced man that taking communion ok .  heidi schlumpf : vatican backing away , but if true , pope may signal softening on divorce rule .  some prelates have lobbied to relax rules barring divorced from sacraments .  schlumpf : private conversation with pope does n't automatically change church teachin .
 presidential candidate carjacked , beaten in egypt <sec> masked gunmen beat aboul fotouh and his driver .  the presidential candidate was taken to a hospiita .
 real defeat atletico in madrid derby <sec> real madrid recover from going a goal behind to defeat rivals atletico 3-2 .  the victory extends real 's winning run in the primera liga to 11 matches .  the result sees real return to the top of the spanish table on goal differenc .
 djimon hounsou : 'blood diamond ' star 's remarkable journey <sec> djimon hounsou is a critically acclaimed film star from benin , west africa .  he first captured the world 's attention with his performance in 1997 's 'amistad ' .  before becoming an actor , hounsou was a successful model in paris .  hounsou is also an outspoken campaigner in the fight against climate chang .
 wounded warriors go fishing for recovery <sec> retired navy capt . .  ed nicholson helps wounded servicemembers through fly-fishing .  project healing waters fly fishing aids the physical , emotional healing processes .  since 2005 , nicholson 's program has grown to more than 50 locations nationwide .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open at cnn.com/heroe .
 'american idol ' drops again : how low will the ratings go ? <sec> 'idol 's ' return ratings have dropped in the past few years .  it is now dropping nearly every week .  thursday night 's episode fell another 7 percen .
 police : missing british patient , 5 , found in spain <sec> police say the boy was found with his parents in spain .  parents took ashya king , 5 , from british hospital prematurely , police say .  without further care , boy is at `` substantial risk , '' police say .  interpol issued a international missing-person notic .
 food , glorious food : olympic athletes ' extreme eating habits <sec> athletes face big food temptations in the olympic village dining hall .  it is open 24 hours and can seat 5,000 people , serving 60,000 daily meals .  many competitors have extreme eating habits but taper off at games time .  they have to be responsible for everything they put in their mouth , says dietitia .
 domenech suing fff for unfair dismissal <sec> former french national coach raymond domenech is suing french football federation .  domenech is demanding 2.9m euros following his dismissal for unfair dismissal .  domenech was dismissed following france 's disastrous world cup finals campaig .
 could lightning have brought down air france plane ? <sec> air france airbus a330-200 encountered heavy turbulence .  ceo : `` several pieces of aircraft equipment were at fault or had broken down '' .  some experts have said that a lightning strike was a possible cause .  flight 447 , traveling from rio de janeiro to paris , was carrying 228 peopl .
 lbj and reagan loyalists clash over obama agenda <sec> clash over obama 's budget centers on america 's future , and past .  reagan aides say obama forgets lessons of reaganomics .  author says reagan raised taxes and increased size of government .  lbj 's senior aide says johnson 's great society was a succes .
 'bin laden ' tape : obama ca n't stop war <sec> obama is `` vulnerable man who will not be able to stop the war as he promised '' .  message : `` by god , we will never compromise on it ( palestine ) , ever '' .  cnn could not independently authenticate bin laden as the speaker in the video .  al qaeda 's production company , as-sahab media , posts the 11-minute vide .
 america ca n't afford to lose its grip on science <sec> lisa randall says u.s. has lost leadership in some parts of science .  the top research tool in her field of physics , the large hadron collider , is in europe .  she says many have lost faith in the value of scientific thinking .  randall : science provides a rigorous and open way for people to find the trut .
 'back to normal ' for abducted kids , grandmother says <sec> new : the next hearing for the couple is set for may 30 .  josh and sharyn hakken are accused of abducting the boys and taking them to cuba .  the boys thought they were on an adventure , their grandmother says .  prosecutors file 11 charges against the parents , including kidnapping and child abus .
 federer knocked out of estoril open <sec> world no . .  1 roger federer is knocked out of the estoril open .  swiss ace is defeated by albert montanes 6-2 7-6 ( 7-5 ) in the semis .  federer says `` i 'm not worried '' in build up to defending his french open titl .
 video shows large al qaeda meeting in yemen <sec> retired u.s. general : `` the question is , what are we going to do about it ? '' .  u.s. officials wo n't say whether they knew about the large al qaeda meeting .  a new video of the meeting shows the group 's second in command .  nasir al-wuhayshi threatens the united states in the cli .
 nurse accuses san diego mayor of sexual harassment in his office <sec> a nurse and a brain-injured iraq war vet meet with mayor in his office in june .  mayor bob filner allegedly asks everyone to leave his office , except the nurse .  mayor asks for dates from nurse michelle tyler in exchange for his help , she says .  nurse is 11th woman to allege sexual harassment against mayor , who 's now in therap .
 authorities : body of uga professor identified <sec> new : efforts made to conceal body found unclothed with guns , police say .  cadaver dogs searching for george zinkhan found body buried in woods , police say .  body was a little more than a mile from professor 's jeep .  university of georgia professor was suspected of killing his wife , 2 other peopl .
 brazil to play mexico in men 's olympic football final <sec> brazil into the men 's olympic soccer final after 3-0 win over south korea .  the five-time world champions are looking for a first olympic gold medal .  brazil will play mexico in saturday 's gold medal match at wembley stadium .  south korea will face japan in the bronze medal contest in cardif .
 warren buffett : 'hillary is going to win ' <sec> buffett told an audience , `` hillary is going to win , yeah '' .  he is so sure of it , he was willing to bet : `` i will bet money on it . .  and i do n't do that easily '' .  buffett supported both obama and clinton in 200 .
 from funny to fit ; man sheds 155 pounds <sec> before edwin velez began his weight loss journey he was 310 pounds .  velez cut out soda , sweets and carbohydrates while focusing on foods high in protein .  his new lifestyle has made him a healthier individual and altered his outlook on lif .
 analysts : anthony jury troubled by no cause of death , other factors <sec> new : prosecutor in susan smith case weighs in .  alternate juror questions state 's evidence .  jury acquits casey anthony of most serious charges .  analysts said the case perhaps should not have been a capital on .
 gadhafi forces try to break rebel line near misrata <sec> rebels in libya come under attack at a stalemated front line near a rebel-held city .  moammar gadhafi has been fighting efforts to topple him as protests sweep the arab worl .
 russian oil rig sinks , leaving many missing <sec> new : a government official says it 's too early to declare people dead .  a regional official says the accident poses no environmental danger .  the rig went down in a storm in the sea northeast of china .  rescue helicopters are on the scene in the sea of okhots .
 javier bardem says he is next bond villain <sec> the spanish actor said he 's excited about the role .  `` so to play that is going to be fun , '' bardem said .  `` i can not give you many details , '' he sai .
 5 things we learned from obamacare hearing <sec> woman at center of obamacare website is first official to apologize for rocky rollout .  republicans say president 's obamacare promise is misleading .  administration cites massachusetts health care law as example of slow enrollments .  is the law helping ? .  republicans say no , democrats cite happy customer .
 michael jackson lost dance moves in last days <sec> jurors watched a comparison of jackson 's performance of `` billie jean '' in '01 and '09 .  show director was `` concerned he would embarrass himself on stage , or worse yet -- get hurt '' .  jackson lawyers argue aeg live pressured his doctor to get jackson ready for rehearsals .  aeg live lawyers argue jackson chose and supervised dr. conrad murra .
 for nearly a billion people , a glass of water means miles to walk <sec> nearly a billion people worldwide have limited access to clean water .  the state department is working to raise awareness about the issue .  people in the developing world walk an average of 3.5 miles for clean wate .
 u.s. fans happy despite loss to germany <sec> `` people are getting behind u.s. soccer , '' fan says .  throughout the u.s. , world cup fever takes hold .  thursday , june 26 , 2014 , becomes a national holiday of sort .
 ronaldo nets a hat-trick as real madrid crush sorry malaga <sec> real madrid beat malaga 7-0 in spain 's la liga .  cristiano ronaldo scores a hat-trick as real close gap on leaders barcelona .  karim benzema scores twice as real move to within seven points of barc .
 cia chief john brennan deserves thanks ( opinion ) <sec> david gergen : cia chief is talking sense about the cia interrogation program .  gergen says john brennan puts it in perspective , explains its origins and abuses .  he says brennan is providing more balanced view than partisan senate committee repor .
 gop senators say obama off to bad start <sec> sens . .  john mccain , lindsey graham say stimulus bill was n't bipartisan .  spokesman : president made `` unprecedented effort to reach out to republicans '' .  congress passes $ 787 billion stimulus bill with support of three republicans .  president obama expected to sign bill on tuesda .
 british lions hold on for nail-biting first test win over wallabies <sec> british and irish lions beat australia in first test .  23-21 victory in brisbane in fiercely fought match .  two tries apiece from each team .  late penalty misses by kurtley beale for the wallabie .
 nikon 's latest camera runs android <sec> nikon 's new point-and-shoot camera is powered by the android operating system .  the touchscreen camera can access the google play store and run apps .  for instant sharing , photographers can use the camera 's wi-fi or tether it to a smartphone or table .
 she can see clearly now , with an implanted lens <sec> the implantable lens , made by staar , was approved by the fda in 2005 .  it functions in a similar manner to an everyday contact lens .  but unlike a contact , this lens is inside the eyebal .
 the new poland : a country transformed <sec> 20 years since poland 's solidarity movement defeated the communist party .  the new poland is a week of programming examining the transformation of poland .  culminates in autumn of change , a look at the events that led to the election .  fionnuala sweeney will anchor cnn 's live coverage from polan .
 obama announces 34,000 troops to come home <sec> new : the afghan military says it 's ready to defend the country .  obama announces that by february 2014 , 34,000 u.s. forces will be home .  80 % of registered voters support the president 's policy to end the afghanistan war , poll shows .  the white house has been considering a range of troop levels to remain in afghanista .
 yanukovich sworn in as ukrainian president <sec> yanukovich pledges to make country `` a bridge between east and west '' .  yanukovich won bitterly contested presidential election earlier this month .  president returns to power after being ousted in 2004 orange revolution .  yanukovich pledges to put ukraine on `` path of accelerated development .
 when disability and race intersect ( opinion ) <sec> david perry : defenders of police in garner case have focused on health .  one type of discrimination can not be used to defend against another : perry .  not `` reasonable '' to place unarmed man like garner in a chokehold , he say .
 romney 's amazing hypocrisy <sec> donna brazile : romney would rather see u.s. economy fail than president obama win .  brazile : he has urged gop leaders to downplay good economic news in their states .  she says america deserves better than someone who roots for failure .  brazile : romney 's tactic or say-anything-to-please character flaw reveals lack of leadershi .
 german police dogs now wear shoes <sec> police dogs in duesseldorf , germany are now wearing protective shoes .  glass shards left by beer drinkers in the city center are the reason .  duesseldorf police force has 20 german and belgian shepherds .  dogs shoes cost €60 ( $ 89 ) and are also worn by dogs who walk on ice in alask .
 world welcomes 2012 with cheers , celebrations <sec> crowds erupt in cheers , kisses and hugs as the giant ball drops .  from london to samoa , the world ushers in 2012 .  fireworks lit up the sky over london 's river thame .
 wife of controversial chinese politician charged with murder <sec> new : china has had to deal publicly with a major scandal , a u.s. analyst says .  bo xilai had been one of china 's most prominent politicians .  his wife and a family aide are charged with killing a british businessman .  communist leaders want the scandal over before their next party congress , an expert say .
 opinion : how deadly storms claim a bigger toll <sec> typhoon caused devastating damage to parts of the philippines .  higher temperatures are likely to increase power of severe storms , says adam sobel .  greater population living along the shore leads to bigger toll when storms strike , he says .  sobel : higher sea level , a consequence of warming , magnifies floodin .
 authorities find 15 dismembered bodies in western mexico <sec> prosecutor : investigators are working to determine victims ' ages , genders and ids .  the incident could be linked to a kidnapping that occurred nearby , a state prosecutor says .  authorities find 15 dismembered bodies inside two vehicles on a highway .  five months ago , 26 bodies were found inside vehicles in guadalajar .
 newtown-based firearm group sues for repeal of connecticut gun laws <sec> the national shooting sports foundation says constitutional procedure was n't followed .  the law bans more than 100 types of assault weapons , among other provisions .  the governor 's spokesman says the challenge was expecte .
 how family should treat your ex ? <sec> columnist ponders how your family and friends should treat your ex .  she was close to her ex 's mom and wanted to stay in touch with her .  she feared her ex might have badmouthed her , but he did not .  she told her friends they did not have to unfriend him on faceboo .
 flames consume new jersey boardwalk that survived superstorm sandy <sec> police officers suffered head injuries , governor says .  beach shop owner optimistic after sandy response .  `` i feel like i want to throw up , '' gov . .  chris christie says .  flames destroyed dozens of businesse .
 luscious jackson on reuniting <sec> luscious jackson have recently reunited for a new album .  they decided to put out their new material with the help of their fans through pledgemusic .  their new single `` are you ready ? '' .  is out no .
 saudi arabia bans all things red ahead of valentine 's day <sec> saudi arabia has banned red gift items like red roses until after valentine 's day .  islamic conservatives consider the celebration of such a holiday a sin .  celebration seen as encouraging immoral relations between the unmarrie .
 at & t ; eyes high-speed internet in 100 cities <sec> at & t looks to bring high-speed internet to 21 major metro areas .  at & t u-verse with gigapower offers speeds up to 1 gigabit per second .  the move would compete with google fiber with similar spee .
 jimmy walker takes the sony open title in hawaii <sec> jimmy walker wins the sony open title in honolulu , hawaii .  walker won his first pga tour title in 188 attempts in october .  he beats rest of the field by one shot to finish on 17-under pa .
 louisianan worries about what he left behind as he flees gustav <sec> about 1.9 million fled the new orleans area this weekend ahead of hurricane gustav .  roberto ascencio left behind a restaurant that has been open for a year .  after 16 hours on i-10 , he closes in on biloxi , mississippi , about 60 miles away .  ascencio hopes for the best , but right now , `` we just got to keep going .
 abortion law ruling a win for women ( opinion ) <sec> john jennings : court strikes down alabama law that erects barriers for abortion doctors .  he says law purported to protect women , but instead bars them from medical care .  hospital privileges requirement an anti-abortion ruse . .  abortion a very safe procedure , he says .  jennings : legislators who truly care about women 's safety will work to prevent these law .
 clark howard : best buy wrong in firing of brave employees <sec> howard says there are times we wait for help to arrive when we 're the help we seek .  best buy employees tackle shoplifter and get fired as a result .  howard says incident is not unusual but sends a terrible messag .
 jamie dornan : '50 shades ' new christian grey <sec> new : `` fifty shades '' author confirms : jamie dornan has been cast as christian grey .  the 31-year-old is known for modeling for calvin klein .  he has also appeared in abc 's `` once upon a time '' .  `` fifty shades '' is expected to arrive on august 1 , 201 .
 fifa : what 's really going on inside the world of football ? <sec> fifa says it will publish garcia report with redactions .  decision taken by executive committee on friday .  qatar and russia cleared of alleged wrongdoing .  michael garcia resigned from his position on wednesda .
 police officers in mexico suspected in alleged rape <sec> an italian resident of playa del carmen says she was raped by police officers , authorities say .  two officers have been charged with rape and abuse of authority , district attorney 's office says .  incident closely follows an attack on six spanish tourists in acapulc .
 shell 's arctic dreams postponed another year <sec> shell says it lacks `` a clear path forward '' for drilling off alaska .  a court ruling last week set back the project .  shell began drilling in 2012 but skipped 2013 after several snags .  environmentalists cheered thursday 's rulin .
 downadup virus exposes millions of pcs to hijack <sec> a new sleeper virus has now spread to more than eight million computers .  industry analysts say is one of the most serious infections they have ever seen .  the worm exploits a bug in microsoft 's ubiquitous windows software .  virus could allow its creators to hijack entire network .
 200 inmates escape in taliban attack on prison in pakistan <sec> about 200 inmates escape , 35 of them high-profile militants , an official says .  bombs have been defused and weapons were recovered .  the pakistan taliban claim responsibility for the attack .  official says four police officials and five militants were killed in the attac .
 paypal to refund donations in georgia hot-car death <sec> paypal says it will refund donations to fundraising site for cooper harris ' family .  another payment processor , wepay , has not yet said what it will do .  it 's unclear if any of the approximately $ 22,000 raised reached the family .  cooper 's father , justin ross harris , is charged with murder in his deat .
 truck driver dances off 97 pounds <sec> truck driver john drury teaches dance fitness classes on weekends .  after 10 years of truck driving , drury weighed 400 pounds .  after losing nearly 100 pounds , he now wants to inspire others .  do you have a weight loss story ? .  share it with cnn irepor .
