 manchester united aims to raise $ 100m in u.s. share offering <sec> the team belongs to the glazer family , who also own the tampa bay buccaneers .  manchester united has a powerful brand but also a high level of debt .  the share offering is intended to pay off some of its debt , the club say .
 rights group : libyan rebels looted and beat civilians <sec> new : eight rebels killed , 30 wounded , hospital sources say .  rebels retake qawalish , a village along a major north-south highway .  rebels burned homes , shops and beat some gadhafi supporters , human rights watch say .
 hungry caterpillars force liberian emergency <sec> liberia declares emergency after hordes of ravenous caterpillars infest country .  tens of millions of the worm-like larvae have appeared in northern areas .  up to 350,000 people in 62 communities may have been affecte .
 more patients tackling heart issues earlier <sec> heart disease affects 80 million americans , kills more than 864,000 a year .  more people getting message that preventing heart disease is ideal .  visiting your doctor , exercising and eating right are all key to preventio .
 cnn student news transcript - november 30 , 2012 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 from benghazi to boston : the state of the jihad <sec> peter bergen : benghazi and boston do n't alter reality about jihad .  he says al qaeda central is in trouble and that it offers no solutions to regional problems .  bergen says some affiliates of al qaeda show life but do n't pose major threat yet to wes .
 prison or death for nidal hasan ? it 's up to the jury now <sec> the jury that convicted nidal hasan in the fort hood shootings will decide his fate .  the penalty phase begins on monday .  death penalty `` would be too lenient , '' says the husband of one victim .  hasan has indicated the death penalty would allow him to become a `` martyr .
 the 10 wackiest david letterman interviews ever <sec> why is `` letterman '' the place celebrities go to unleash their crazy ? .  drew barrymore flashed the late-night host in her 1995 interview .  cher said she only came on the show in order to pay her huge hotel bil .
 america 's healthiest fast-food breakfasts <sec> some items from panera bread serve up as much protein as a 3.5-ounce fish fillet .  egg substitute contains mostly egg whites .  a veggie omelette is a great way to sneak more nutrient- and fiber-rich produc .
 north korea defector living with quarter of a century of guilt <sec> oh kil-nam defected from north korea 25 years ago , but his wife and two daughters remain behind .  south korean and swedish governments have tried to intercede on his behalf .  first and only communication from family was in 1991 ; believed held in notorious prison camp .  `` i made such a foolish decision which has caused my family to suffer such hardship .
 diy apps : now showing on an iphone near you <sec> companies provide tools for non-developers to manage their own iphone apps .  start-ups offer comprehensive package for one set-up fee plus monthly charge .  news organizations are target market for mobile solutions using xml and cms .  live tv and radio can be streamed in high quality to more and more mobile device .
 wall street greed fueling high gas prices <sec> bernie sanders : speculators cash in by jacking up oil and gas prices ; market loosely regulated .  speculators controlled 30 % of the oil futures market 10 years ago : up to 80 % today , he writes .  sanders : as speculators gamble , americans pay a virtual speculators ' tax on gas .  we can lower gas prices so they reflect the fundamentals of supply and demand , he say .
 10 best budget vacations for spring <sec> there 's no reason to wait until summer to head to the beach .  spring hotel prices in point pleasant , new jersey , can be a lot lower than summer rates .  florida 's sanibel island is almost like having your own private isl .
 sweden confirms foreign sub in its waters <sec> sweden confirms that a foreign submarine from an unknown county was in its waters .  sweden considers it a grave violation .  the military had been investigating for more than three week .
 barnes & noble unveils ultra-light nook glowlight e-reader <sec> the nook glowlight weighs just 6.2 ounces , an ounce lighter than the paperwhite .  the redesigned e-reader costs $ 119 for a 4gb version .  it can hold roughly 2,000 books .  barnes & noble has struggled with hardware , but says it 's committe .
 cruise line : passenger killed after 'freak wave ' hits ship <sec> ms marco polo was entering the english channel when it was hit , the cruise line said .  one elderly passenger died and another was airlifted off the ship , it said .  the ship was en route from the azores to its home port of tilbury , englan .
 opinion : how will state make criminal case in tracy morgan crash ? <sec> danny cevallos : trucker in tracy morgan crash charged with death by auto , assault by auto .  in n.j. vehicular homicide from reckless driving .  he says state must show conscious disregard of risk .  cevallos : assault charge defines culpability based on severity of injurie .
 acura apologizes for seeking 'not too dark ' actor <sec> casting sheet calls for an african-american actor , `` nice looking , friendly . .  not too dark . '' .  acura points blame at the casting agency .  the super bowl ad featured comedians jerry seinfeld and jay leno .  `` people in the business a long time deal with this every day , '' talent manager say .
 malaysian couple charged with alleged mh370 theft <sec> hsbc bank officer , husband charged with stealing around $ 35,000 .  woman allegedly transferred money between accounts , applied for debit card .  husband is accused of using the debit card to withdraw money from an atm .  flight mh370 went missing en route from kuala lumpur to beijing on march .
 airlines cancel hundreds of flights due to winter weather <sec> new : american airlines scrubbed 500 flights wednesday .  new : flight-tracking website says at least 1,700 flights were canceled .  greyhound lines also affected by snowy roads , windy conditions .  travelers encouraged to check status of flights , bus , trains before leaving hom .
 singer chris brown charged with hit-and-run <sec> brown allegedly was driving a car that rear-ended another car in los angeles in may .  he faces charges of hit-and-run driving and driving without a license .  `` i have a valid drivers license and i gave the woman the right info , '' brown tweets .  brown already faces a probation violation hearing related to his assault on rihann .
 terror attack kills 75 at pakistan volleyball match <sec> area was hub for militants until military flushed them out two months ago .  militants made threats to the community , member of local peace committee says .  earlier , suspected u.s. drone attack killed four people , a pakistani intelligence official said .  attack follows deadly suicide blast in karachi monday in which 40 die .
 campaign 2012 : the phony war of markets vs. government <sec> pundits are painting president obama as the anti-capitalist candidate , says julian zelizer .  but this election is not a choice between government and markets , zelizer says .  liberals have been firm supporters of capitalism , he says .  zelizer : conservatives have accepted that government is an inevitable part of american lif .
 peanut , almond and nut butters recalled <sec> four cases of salmonella are potentially linked to nut butters from nspired natural foods .  the company has issued a voluntary recall .  customers are advised to dispose of any remaining produc .
 parents : illinois teen 'brainwashed ' by isis online <sec> mohammed hamzah khan is accused of trying to support isis .  the illinois teen 's parents says social media brainwashed his so .
 zimbabwe : comrade fatso blogs for cnn <sec> comrade fatso , a popular poet on the zimbabwe arts scene , writes for cnn .  his work is described as urban street poetry that mixes shona with english .  cnn has invited him to blog on events unfolding in zimbabw .
 commentary : my friend bob novak <sec> paul begala : bob novak was a friend even though we differed on many issues .  he says novak was true to his conservative beliefs even when gop strayed .  he says novak worked very hard at being a reporter as well as an advocat .
 saving the 'hong ' of hong kong <sec> hong kong plantation has 300,000 incense trees , but are increasingly rare .  hong kong 's name , 'fragrant harbor , ' comes from its history as a provider of incense .  much of the native trees have been eliminated by illegal harvesting .  the most expensive incense wood sells for $ 2500 per kilogra .
 5 things : what to expect thursday at the world cup <sec> england is hoping for a win -- and for rooney to score .  colombia takes on the ivory coast .  japan is deceptively goo .
 domenicali quits as ferrari f1 team boss <sec> italian steps down following ferrari 's disappointing start to 2014 f1 season .  `` it is time for a significant change . .  as the boss , i take responsibility , '' domenicali says .  ferrari president luca di montezemolo thanks 48-year-old for `` constant dedication and effort '' .  marco mattiacci , currently president and ceo of ferrari north america , to take over as team bos .
 commentary : even a genius can get suckered <sec> thomas levenson : isaac newton was a mathematical , scientific genius .  he says newton got swept up in the south sea financial mania .  he says he lost a big part of his fortune when the south sea bubble burst .  levenson : financial regulation crucial to protect investor .
 raging floodwaters kill dozens in mozambique <sec> tens of thousands are stranded without food and water .  u.n. : preliminary information indicates $ 15 million needed for relief aid .  in 2000 , floods in the southern african nation killed 700 peopl .
 homicides up in new york city in 2008 <sec> there were 516 homicides in the city last year , up from 496 in 2007 .  that 's still a dramatic change from 1990 , when there were 2,262 homicides .  the nypd cites its operation impact as a chief reason for the improvement .  the operation places more uniformed officers in areas where crime rates are hig .
 ex-government scientist in court on attempted espionage charge <sec> sewart david nozette , 52 , appeared in u.s. district court on tuesday .  authorities said he tried to give classified info to fbi undercover agent .  charges carry a possible life sentence , prosecutor said .  nozetta showed `` willingness to work for israeli intelligence , '' complaint state .
 reading the tea leaves : china 's party plenums past and present <sec> past communist party plenums have been launchpads for major reforms .  they take place in secrecy ; behind closed doors .  observers looking for clues about china 's future direction .  few expect far-reaching policy changes this time aroun .
 introducing poland 's prime minister : donald tusk <sec> involved in anti-communist activities as a student in gdansk .  in 1989 tusk co-founded the kld ( liberal and democratic congress party ) .  in 1997 he was voted into the polish senate .  became prime minister of poland after 1997 parliamentary electio .
 opinion : why i dread chinese new year <sec> zoe li : as an adult , chinese new year is an annual nightmare .  it 's a time when relatives have the right to be judgmental .  superstitious chinese new year foods often are n't that tast .
 mourning in iran and iraq for dead shiite leader <sec> funeral procession for abdul aziz al-hakim in tehran ; another set for baghdad .  iraqi shiite leader spent 20 years in exile in iran ; returned after fall of hussein .  al-hakim headed islamic supreme council of iraq , helped shape iraq 's future .  he never held public office but was one of iraq 's most powerful , respected leader .
 tottenham fans defy police 'yid ' warning <sec> tottenham fans ignore threat of arrest after police 's `` y-word '' warning .  london club 's supporters chant `` yid army '' during home match with west ham .  the same fixture last season was marred by visiting fans ' anti-semitic abuse .  spurs suffer shock defeat sunday as london rival arsenal returns to top of epl tabl .
 france held by belarus in euro 2012 qualifier <sec> france lead group d by four points despite 1-1 draw with belarus in minsk .  germany maintain perfect record in group a , winning 2-1 away to austria .  italy five points clear in group c following a 3-0 win at home to estonia .  croatia top of group f after a 2-1 win at home to georgi .
 video of sudanese woman being flogged prompts protest <sec> a youtube video depicts police officers laughing as they flog a crying woman .  the video causes an uproar in sudan and leads to a government investigation .  much of the criticism in sudan , however , focuses on how the flogging was administere .
 brad pitt speaks out on attacker <sec> pitt has a warning for his attacker .  the actor gives his version of what happened on the red carpet .  he says celebs may be wary of fans in the futur .
 report : sea piracy drops to lowest level in four years <sec> worldwide pirate attacks at lowest level since 2008 .  decline due to a steep drop in piracy off coast of somalia .  watchdog warns now is not time to be complacent .  attacks increase in west africa and indonesi .
 want to keep ac on ? bury power lines <sec> david frum : millions on the u.s. eastern seaboard lost power in bad weather this week .  he says this happens regularly in u.s. , but not in germany , where power lines are buried .  some say it would be too costly to bury power lines ; he says cost creates benefits .  frum : stimulus projects have n't done much ; here 's a project that would benefit many , create job .
 idaho challenges national health care proposal ; more states may follow <sec> idaho passes law challenging federal mandate that penalizes people who want to opt out .  22 additional states have seen proposals of opposition introduced .  legal analysts say federal law would supersede any state laws written to block them .  florida attorney general sends letters to 49 colleagues seeking to mount legal challeng .
 u.s. navy picks up 1-year-old who became sick at sea <sec> new : girl 's parents thank rescuers , say daughter is doing well .  new : they defend their decision to sail with their family .  a baby who became sick 900 miles off the pacific coast of mexico has been rescued .  she and her family are aboard a u.s. navy ship as it heads to san dieg .
 at least 8 killed after firework truck blast causes bridge collapse in china <sec> new : the latest death toll from state media is 8 .  new : 13 other people have been injured , state media say .  an 80-meter stretch of the bridge collapses after a truck carrying fireworks explodes .  fireworks are a key part of lunar new year celebrations in chin .
 opinion : what bush 41 wants for his birthday <sec> his son says former president george h.w . .  bush wants more than a skydive for his 90th .  neil bush : dad wants to continue to encourage people to serve the community .  he says encouraging volunteer service was a hallmark of 41 's presidency .  neil bush : volunteer as a way to honor my dad -- or your .
 monaco 's prince , new bride hold religious ceremony in palace courtyard <sec> new : the religious ceremony is held in the courtyard of the prince 's palace .  new : the bride 's wedding dress is designed by giorgio armani , design house says .  prince albert and his bride charlene wittstock also have dinner and fireworks planned .  they had a civil ceremony friday at the palace , followed by a picnic and musical concer .
 f1 goes back to the future : return of the turbo-charged 'teapot ' <sec> when renault unveiled its first f1 turbo-charged car in 1977 , became a laughing stock .  nicknamed 'yellow teapot ' due to bright color and cloud of steam .  throughout 1980s turbo engines dominated f1 , later banned due to safety concerns .  now turbo engine set to make a comeback , with f1 ruling all cars must convert in 201 .
 pipe-wielding inmates wrecked prison , footage shows <sec> video gives glimpse of damage to the california institution for men in chino .  authorities say riot was sparked by racial tensions .  chino prison and nine others in southern california remain in lockdow .
 anderson cooper , dr. oz to compete on 'jeopardy ' power players week <sec> `` jeopardy ! '' .  has anderson cooper and other celebrities participate in its `` power players week '' .  kareem abdul-jabbar , and lewis black are just a few names on the eclectic roster of competitor .  each stand to earn $ 10,000 for their charity ( winners earn a minimum of $ 50,000 .
 justice dept . has 'serious questions ' for ncaa on college bowl process <sec> the bowl championship series system makes it hard for some college teams to qualify .  millions of dollars in revenue are at stake in the football bowl selection process .  assistant attorney general varney seeks an explanatio .
 a year under hamas : gaza safer , but life is desperate <sec> wedeman describes violence , gunbattles , fear before hamas .  reports on encounters with assault rifles , children running from gunfire last year .  now , it 's safer but gazans desperate for gas , cooking fuel , jobs .  one woman : `` hamas has n't done anything for us , nor has fatah .
 chandhok replaces trulli for german gp <sec> karun chandhok will race for cnn-sponsored team lotus at the german grand prix .  the indian will replace the veteran italian jarno trulli who sits out the race .  chandhok has been in formula 1 since the 2010 british grand prix at silverston .
 'sound of music live ! ' hits a sour note <sec> `` the sound of music live ! '' .  has been eviscerated on twitter .  critics were n't in love with the live tv event either .  carrie underwood and stephen moyer starred in the iconic roles .  underwood is `` proud '' of their performanc .
 opinion : say no to the comcast takeover <sec> sen. franken says pending merger between comcast and time warner cable is bad for america .  the two biggest cable companies , he argues , have already carved country into local monopolies .  franken : takeover could negatively impact internet access ; comcast controls much of broadband marke .
 a new generation of airport hotels <sec> hilton frankfurt airport is part of a mixed-use complex atop a high-speed rail station .  alt hotel pearson in toronto features original art and egyptian cotton linens .  guests at the element miami help make electricity by using the hotel 's stationary bike .
 holder does not rule out drone strike scenario in u.s. - cnnpolitics.com <sec> terror suspect `` sitting at a cafe '' could n't be targeted , attorney general says .  attorney general eric holder expressed view in testimony to senate committee .  issue of drone strike first raised in senate consideration of john brennan to lead cia .  holder says such a strike is `` entirely hypothetical .
 opinion : memorials to our fallen should never be closed <sec> william forstchen : there 's no excuse for closing military memorials .  he says such places are special , particularly for those who fought for the u.s . .  forstchen : president should use active military police to guard these monument .
 greece passes olympic flame to britain <sec> the olympic flame was handed to britain 's princess anne in athens .  a 70-day torch relay starts saturday in land 's end , cornwall .  the flame was lit a week ago in ancient olympia and has traveled around greece .  celebrity soccer player david beckham was also present at the handover ceremon .
 review : 'informant ! ' misses the mark <sec> `` the informant ! '' .  stars matt damon as corporate worker giving info to fbi .  damon 's character is an untrustworthy provider , and actor 's performance great .  but movie plays situations too much for laughs , says ew .  `` the informant ! '' .  is directed by steven soderberg .
 bird-eating frog among 163 new species found in mekong region <sec> discoveries highlight extent of region 's biodiversity , world wildlife fund says .  100 plants , 28 fish , 18 reptiles , 14 amphibians , two mammals , 1 bird species found .  wwf : pace of development in region , climate change threaten species to extinction .  since 1997 , nearly 1,200 new species have been discovered in greater mekon .
 1 year later , japan pauses to remember earthquake , tsunami <sec> a powerful 9.0-magnitude earthquake struck northeast japan on march 11 , 2011 .  it unleashed a massive tsunami and triggered the world 's worst nuclear crisis in 25 years .  a moment of silence will be held at the exact moment the quake hit .  prime minister says `` steady progress '' is being made on cleanup and reconstruction effort .
