 super bowl could hinge on one ankle <sec> patriots star tight end rob gronkowski hurt his ankle earlier in the playoffs .  he says he does not know if he will play .  `` hopefully that ankle hurts , '' giants ' tuck says .  the giants beat the patriots in 2008 , and are hoping for a repea .
 how david beckham and alex ferguson cashed in with books <sec> several high-profile figures have recently released sporting autobiographies .  alex ferguson , david beckham and zlatan ibrahimovic all have books out .  but what are the 10 key commandments for a successfully ghostwritten tome ? .  author ian ridley explains the vital ingredients necessary to produce a best selle .
 'dungeons & dragons ' co-creator dies <sec> david lance arneson has died at the age of 61 .  he helped trigger phenomenon of role-playing games .  statement : arneson died `` after waging one final battle against cancer '' .  `` dungeons and dragons '' spawned video games , novels , a cartoon , and a movi .
 dennis rodman asks kim jong un to let kenneth bae go <sec> dennis rodman : `` do me a solid and cut kenneth bae loose '' .  bae was sentenced to 15 years of hard labor in north korea for unspecified `` hostile acts '' .  his sister says bae owns a tour company and is not a spy .  rodman has called north korean ruler kim jong un a `` friend for life .
 boy finds forgotten gun , accidentally shoots self in head <sec> boy , 12 , found .25-caliber gun in box in closet .  police have not charged anyone in relation to incident .  florida law prohibits leaving a loaded firearm where minor can access it .  prosecutor : `` sometimes , the injury of a child is more severe '' punishmen .
 case of n.y. teens ' tics makes psychological sense <sec> charles raison : to untangle the mystery of teenagers ' tics , try to make the symptoms make sense .  tourette 's syndrome can be ruled out , since it 's a rare and solitary disorder , he says .  he says environmental poisons , infection are n't causes because tics affected well-defined group .  raison : that leaves psychological cause as most reasonable explanatio .
 india : claims disabled kids buried during eclipse <sec> authorities investigate reports disabled children were buried during solar eclipse .  claims made that 34 kids buried in sand up to their chins to cure disabilities .  parents reportedly consented to action , indian officials sa .
 prosecutors accuse lebanon bank of laundering money for hezbollah <sec> prosecutors demand bank 's assets be forfeited due to alleged wrongdoing .  lebanese canadian bank and two exchange houses cited in civil action filed in new york .  three financial institutions accused of money laundering to help militant group hezbollah .  bank 's chairman denies any connection to hezbolla .
 the toughest coaching job in soccer ? <sec> roy hodgson takes charge of england team for first time against norway on saturday .  england manager 's role has been described as the `` impossible '' job .  briton kevin mcgreskin has been brought in to coach the kiribati islands .  at the 2011 pacific games , kiribati suffered two 17-1 defeat .
 four sentenced to death over urumqi riots <sec> july riots between minority uyghurs and han chinese left more than 200 dead .  four sentenced to death were charged with `` extremely serious crimes '' .  another person sentenced to death but given two-year reprieve .  others given varying jail sentences , including life imprisonmen .
 afghan and nato troops repel taliban attack on u.s. base <sec> taliban insurgents detonate explosives and fire guns in the assault .  nato supply trucks catch fire amid violence .  all the taliban attackers are killed by afghan and nato forces , an official says .  the taliban claims it inflicted casualties , but nato says no troops were kille .
 al-shabaab grew amid somalia 's lawlessness <sec> tweet : `` alshabab confirms its behind the # westgate spectacle '' .  it was once allied with sharia courts , which tried to impose order on the lawless country .  ethiopia 's invasion in 2006 proved to be a turning point in radicalizing `` the youth .
 after arkansas storm we ask : how bad can a tornado get ? what is ef5 ? <sec> it 's not yet official , but forecasters suspect tornadoes caused 16 deaths sunday .  the united states has the highest number of tornadoes in the world -- 1,200 per year .  the strongest tornadoes are ranked ef5 , with gusts over 200 mph , winds called `` incredible '' .  only 59 ef5 storms have hit the u.s. since 1950 ; arkansas has been spared so fa .
 rash of drownings as russians attempt to escape heat <sec> two children among those who drowned this week .  alcohol is thought to have played a role in many drownings .  russia is sweltering under historic heat wav .
 world aids day 2008 : much accomplished , much to do <sec> dr. anthony s. fauci : access to hiv services , medical care a challenge in poor areas .  fauci : preventive hiv vaccine is best hope for halting spread of hiv/aids .  medications improved prognosis for people living with hiv by increasing life spans .  prevention approaches , education , testing , counseling , condoms deploye .
 japan 's industrial production slumps <sec> japan 's economy sees record drop of 10 percent in industrial output for january .  exports fell an unprecedented 45.7 percent last month .  household spending sees steepest fall since country slid into recession last year .  unemployment figure slightly better for january , at 4.1 % , but figure is questione .
 5 reasons why we love gloria steinem <sec> feminist , activist and editor gloria steinem turns 80 years old today .  a leading figure of the women 's movement in the 1960s , she has help rewrite rules for women .  she 's gone from undercover journalist to starting the first u.s. female-led magazin .
 steyn leads south africa fightback <sec> south africa lead new zealand by 287 with 8 wickets standing in the 1st test .  the proteas reach 179-2 in their second innings after the kiwis are 118 all out .  south african paceman dale steyn takes a career-best 5-34 .
 nothing to smile about : asia 's deadly addiction to betel nuts <sec> hundreds of millions of people chew betel quids , mostly in asia .  research shows that chewing the parcels raises the risk of oral cancer .  betel quids are parcels of areca nuts and tobacco wrapped in a lime-coated betel leaf .  in myanmar , they 're popular with taxi drivers who use them to stay awake on the road .
 double amputee walks again due to bluetooth <sec> 2 wounded iraq veterans are using prosthetics outfitted with bluetooth .  their artificial legs communicate via bluetooth to coordinate movements .  both vets are testing the legs for what could become more widespread us .
 opinion : do n't let teens follow a-rod 's example <sec> tom galvin : ryan braun , alex rodriguez still have millions despite baseball scandal .  galvin : many teens think cheating might be the only way to break through in sports .  remember taylor hooton , he says , a teen who killed himself under influence of steroids .  galvin : tell teens performance-enhancing drugs cause liver trouble , depression and mor .
 u.n. : economic crisis hitting afghan mine clearance <sec> $ 500m needed to meet the goal of clearing all mines by 2013 , official says .  u.n. : 82,000 anti-personnel mines were cleared in afghanistan last year .  more than 4 million people live in `` mine-contaminated '' areas in afghanistan .  u.n. official : `` if the resources flow into the program , we can do the job .
 brain-eating amoeba found in louisiana parish 's water , officials say <sec> brain-eating amoeba found in desoto parish .  district where amoeba was detected serves almost 5,000 people .  parish will flush system with extra chlorine for 60 days .  health officials say water safe to drink , but it keep it away from nasal passage .
 giant panda gives birth to fifth cub at the san diego zoo <sec> giant panda bai yun gives birth to fifth cub at the san diego zoo .  bai yun will care for the newborn by herself with zoo staff occasionally checking in .  weighing around 300 pounds , bai yun is about 1,000 times the size of the cu .
 5 things to watch for on 3rd day of u.n. general assembly <sec> mahmoud abbas is expected to seek new status for palestinian authority .  israel 's netanyahu is likely to focus on the iranian nuclear issue .  officials from myanmar , china and libya are also among the speaker .
 barca ready for ronaldinho to move on <sec> barcelona are ready to let brazilian international ronaldinho leave the club .  club president joan laporta says that ronaldinho needs new challenges .  barcelona have already replaced coach frank rijkaard with pep guardiol .
 new fossils reveal different theory on human ancestors <sec> scientists : skull of female homo erectus is more ape-like .  newly discovered fossils show female hominids were much smaller than males .  fossils from homo erectus , homo habilis were found in east africa 's rift valle .
 nra pushes for recall of top legislator in colorado <sec> first on cnn : nra state focus follows senate rejection of tougher gun control proposal .  groups supporting more gun restrictions active on local level .  colorado senate president faces petition drive .  new : legislator says key to understand that colorado was `` ground zero '' for two tragedie .
 australian authorities urge residents of queensland town to flee floods <sec> the balonne river in the town of st. george reaches record level and is expected to rise further .  the authorities urge hundreds of residents still in the town to leave their homes .  thirty houses have already been submerged in st. george .  the authorities have been airlifting thousands of residents to safety across queenslan .
 man dies after falling into niagara falls gorge <sec> an officer also fell into the gorge , but survived with a broken femur .  the officer was airlifted to a hospital in hamilton , ontario .  ontario 's special investigations unit is investigating the inciden .
 airline policies juggle larger passengers <sec> obesity rates have grown in the last 25 years but plane seat sizes remain the same .  a growing number of airlines are creating polices to deal with heavier passengers .  heavier passengers cost more fuel and space , say some passengers .  national association of fat acceptance says it 's unsafe to cram passenger .
 how much christmas can you handle ? <sec> quench your christmas addiction with these festive ideas .  spend the night in a hotel made out of ice .  travel through the scottish countryside on a train .  help elves build toys at santa 's worksho .
 tearful suspect in california girl 's slaying appears in court <sec> new : melissa huckaby flinches at mention of 8-year-old sandra cantu 's name .  new : huckaby faces special circumstances including kidnap , rape by instrument .  new : decision on whether to seek the death penalty will come later .  a sunday school teacher , huckaby was arrested last wee .
 teen fan of supercars creates youtube business <sec> paul wallace became entranced by supercars when he visited an exhibition , aged 15 .  now , the 23-year-old has made a youtube business out of filming them in london .  he says the footage makes supercars `` real '' for those who ca n't afford to buy their ow .
 iraq fm : u.n. sanctions need to end <sec> iraq 's fm says his country wo n't be fully independent until u.n. sanctions end .  iraq has paid `` billions of dollars '' under u.n. 's chapter 7 , foreign minister says .  `` intensive discussions '' held with security council members , minister say .
 nadal avenges federer defeats in madrid <sec> rafael nadal beats rival roger federer in madrid in the second of two exhibition matches .  the world number one claimed a 7-6 4-6 6-1 victory over the swiss no . .  2 .  the contests have been arranged to raise funds for the duo 's charitable foundation .
 police close in on suspects in booby traps targeting gang task force <sec> authorities arrest 23 , search 35 locations in riverside county in probe of attacks targeting police .  police hope sweep will lead to information about those responsible for the attacks .  four booby trap-style attacks against hemet gang task force have occurred since december .  attacks could be gang-related , but motive unclear , hemet police captain say .
 canada plans for non-combat transition in afghanistan <sec> canada has played a major isaf role .  there will be up to 950 trainers and support personnel .  canada will focus on women 's live .
 opinion : why do n't whites have black friends ? <sec> a recent reuters poll shows that 40 % of white americans have zero nonwhite friends .  tanner colby : i get asked a lot , `` so , how many black friends do you have now ? '' .  he says some people see black friends as things to be acquired to prove one is not racist .  colby : social bonds across the color line are critical to a truly integrated societ .
 ochoa inspired by tiger woods meeting <sec> lorena ochoa and tiger woods first met at the junior world championships .  ochoa has won 26 lpga titles since turning professional .  the mexican started playing the game aged fiv .
 should i be concerned about new virus ? <sec> if you have n't traveled to the middle east , your chances of being infected are low .  there 's not the same level of concern as seen with sars , an expert says .  there is still much experts do n't know about mers-co .
 opinion : how did boston marathon attack change you ? <sec> david weinberger : what is worth remembering a year after the boston marathon attack ? .  he says the victims , of course , but also professionals who saved those taken to hospitals .  investment in medicine made care possible , and bostonians helped each other , he says .  weinberger : media , web often got things wrong , showing dangers of idle speculatio .
 sheriffs called to creigh deeds ' home before fatal fight , police say <sec> sheriff 's deputies were called to creigh deeds ' home on monday , state police say .  a police source said deeds ' son was taken to a hospital for evaluation .  three hospitals tell cnn they had psychiatric beds available monday .  the virginia state senator was stabbed more than 10 times , sources sa .
 mother bids emotional farewell at yale student 's funeral <sec> mourners gather in a california church to remember slain yale student .  le 's mom : `` you left life at too young an age , at the beginning of many great things '' .  authorities have charged yale lab technician raymond clark with le 's murde .
 measuring your water footprint <sec> individuals can make a difference by gauging their own 'water footprint ' .  agricultural sector uses up 85 percent of world 's freshwater supplies .  global water treaty should include basic food-water rights for all .  the u.s. water footprint per capita is twice the world averag .
 sony profits fall 95 percent <sec> sales were down 25 percent across the company .  electronics and games especially hard hit , with sales falling 30 percent or more .  sony warned last week it will close out fiscal year with operating loss of $ 2.9 billio .
 aeg live defense begins attack on michael jackson <sec> aeg live will question `` all of the many , many doctors '' who treated jackson , lawyer says .  aeg lawyer : the jacksons want `` to blame somebody else for things that only they knew '' .  the lawyer `` badgered '' michael jackson 's mom during cross-examination , her attorney says .  aeg 's lawyer wo n't comment on questioning katherine jackson about beatings by husban .
 ukraine to remove uranium stockpile <sec> ukrainian president tells cnn most of enriched uranium will be gone by end of year .  material could end up in russia ; white house says that 's undetermined .  nation will convert nuclear facilities to run on low-enriched fuel .  announcement comes at start of two-day nuclear summit in washingto .
 obama : deficit reduction must keep alive the american dream <sec> president obama holds his third town hall-style event in three days .  he says the debate on deficits involves what kind of country america will be .  obama 's message appears to try out campaign themes for 201 .
 mount everest : by the numbers <sec> mount everest 's height has been recalculated over the years .  there have been over 200 fatalities .  the temperature does n't register above a negative degree of fahrenhei .
 man charged with killing 6-month-old chicago girl <sec> koman willis charged with first-degree murder in the death of jonylah watkins .  watkins ' father was also shot march 11 .  willis has dozens of prior arrests , police say ; he turned himself in , came with a lawyer .  police believe the motive for the shootings was the alleged theft of a video gam .
 opinion : charter schools , education business still separate , unequal <sec> authors argue that shifts in public schools to corporate or charter models hurt children .  60 years after brown v. board , they say policies still keep schools separate and unequal .  from chicago to new orleans to newark , schools are being shut or dismantled .  they have filed three complaints to prohibit discrimination in federal funds used for educatio .
 escape to the outer banks <sec> north carolina 's outer banks make for a fun family trip .  dolphin tours and pirate history appeal to visitors of all ages .  visit wright brothers national memorial for aviation histor .
 follow friday : health care reform on twitter <sec> on `` follow friday , '' cnn.com recommends twitter feeds on a news topic .  this week 's topic : the u.s. debate over health care .  susannahfox comments on health care and social media .  kevinmd posts insights from his life as a physicia .
 making sense of conflicting nutrition information <sec> the most powerful source of vitamin d is the sun .  recent research has linked caffeine to a reduced risk of parkinson 's disease .  for most , benefits of eating fatty fish outweigh mercury risk .
 pope prays for syria and myanmar in christmas message <sec> new : the pope urges the international community to help the hungry in africa .  benedict calls for an end to the violence in syria after more than 5,000 are killed .  the faithful pack st. peter 's square on a glorious sunny day .  a nativity scene is unveiled in st. peter 's squar .
 pentagon security officer knew 'something 's about to happen ' <sec> security officer on shooter : `` i recognized a certain look on his face '' .  `` i was surprised he missed , '' another officer said of being shot at .  authorities : john patrick bedell opened fire outside the pentagon on thursda .
 syrian national council picks new president <sec> lcc announces it is breaking with the syrian national council .  of the thousands arriving in turkey , dozens are injured .  syrian government forces and rebels fought near turkish border .  united nations says more than 11,000 syrians have fled into turkey , jorda .
 new credit card restrictions take effect <sec> the rules block companies from charging more than $ 25 for late payments in most cases .  they also ban charges for not using cards .  the federal reserve announced the changes resulting from the credit card act of 200 .
 mlb replay system expanded for 2014 season <sec> manager will get a second challenge if he gets first one right .  review center will be in new york , staffed by other umpires .  new calls that may be challenged include hit-by-pitch decisions , outfield trap plays .  home runs may be reviewed but are not subject to challeng .
 florida 'loud music ' juror on michael dunn : 'i believed he was guilty ' <sec> michael dunn was convicted on three counts of attempted second-degree murder .  mistrial declared on first-degree murder charge ; prosecutors say they 'll seek a new trial .  dunn faces at least 60 years in prison , possibly 15 more for another charge .  `` we all believed that there was another way out , another option , '' juror no . .  4 tells ab .
 barcelona president sandro rosell resigns amid neymar row <sec> barcelona president sandro rosell announces his resignation thursday .  rosell quits after spanish judge agreed to hear case surrounding neymar transfer .  outgoing president insists the deal was correct and calls accusations `` reckless '' .  rosell replaced as president by josep maria bartomeu until elections in 201 .
 egyptian court upholds controversial dissolution of parliament <sec> high administrative court says egypt 's parliament remains dissolved , as it ruled earlier .  but the court will rule october 15 on a similar case , leaving the door open for change .  egypt 's then-military rulers dissolved parliament after the court found vote unconstitutional .  president morsy was critical and called parliament back , then said he 'd respect court decisio .
 child rapists ca n't be executed , supreme court rules <sec> sentences in two louisiana cases will be commuted to life without parole .  court : capital punishment for crimes against individuals reserved for murderers .  case stemmed from 2003 death sentence of man convicted of raping girl , .
