 forecasters : warm weather here to stay <sec> above-normal temperatures forecast for most of u.s. this spring .  warm temperatures are already breaking records nationwide .  drought conditions will continue in the south and southwes .
 osama bin laden had been 'hiding in plain sight ' <sec> death of bin laden in pakistan mansion proves he had been 'hiding in plain sight ' .  comes at a time when relations between u.s. and pakistan were strained .  pakistan government will face protests at home , suggests cnn 's nic robertson .  there is no replacement for bin laden in al qaeda , says peter berge .
 abuse photos put u.s. in 'double catch-22 ' <sec> u.s. head of detainee operations in iraq is angered by abu ghraib photos .  the pictures showing abuse of iraqi prisoners continue to cause problems .  u.s. military faces tough choices over future of detainees in ira .
 judge tosses race discrimination charge against paula deen <sec> judge rules lisa jackson ca n't sue for race discrimination because she is white .  `` at best , plaintiff is an accidental victim of the alleged racial discrimination , '' judge writes .  deen `` believes in equal opportunity , kindness and fairness for everyone , '' her rep says .  the celeb chef 's career went into a tailspin after her deposition in the lawsuit was release .
 russia condemned for recognizing rebel regions <sec> russian president signs order recognizing independence of georgian territories .  u.s. , uk , nato and eu condemn russian move over independence .  russia says recognition of independence is in line with international law .  south ossetia , abkhazia center of georgia conflict with russi .
 life after bin laden in pakistan <sec> vice has closely followed and chronicled the growing political turmoil in pakistan .  vice 's suroosh alvi takes us on a tour around osama bin laden 's compound .  pakistan since bin laden 's death has seen a spike in violent attacks from pakistani taliba .
 inside cleveland 's haunted house <sec> the house where three women were found appeared normal from the outside .  but the castro home in west cleveland was a house of horrors , city officials say .  officials say ropes and chains were found inside the home .  the house had about 1,400 square feet and was bought 20 years ago for $ 12,00 .
 prolific songwriter hal david dies at 91 <sec> he co-wrote dozens of hits with burt bacharach .  his songs include `` raindrops keep falling on my head '' .  frank sinatra , barbra streisand and dionne warwick recorded his songs .  he was an oscar and grammy award winne .
 capt . phil harris of tv 's 'deadliest catch ' dies after stroke <sec> capt . .  phil harris was a fan favorite in reality show about crab fishing off alaska .  harris , 53 , suffered a stroke late last month .  he 's described as a man of `` straightforward honesty , wicked sense of humor .
 fda : texas oysters linked to virus <sec> u.s. government warns against eating oysters from texas ' san antonio bay .  oysters contaminated with highly contagious noroviruses , which cause stomach flu .  texas authorities are investigating how oysters were contaminate .
 royal palace upgrade for cambridges costs $ 7.6 million <sec> refurbishing empty palace for duke and duchess of cambridge costs british taxpayers $ 7.6m .  residence in kensington palace was `` uninhabitable '' ; asbestos was discovered .  royal couple also spent their own money on additional improvements .  the residence will be used as a home and for official engagement .
 secret service to probe fox news ' twitter hack <sec> new : twitter says the fox news ' hack was due to `` offsite behavior '' it would n't monitor .  the secret service will investigate the matter , its spokesman says .  the false tweet said the president was kille .
 officials : judge stabbed , officer shot in washington state <sec> both of the wounded are in satisfactory condition .  a judge and an officer were wounded at a courthouse in montesano , washington .  authorities scour neighborhood for suspec .
 are ads on nba jerseys next ? <sec> bob greene : news report says nba considers putting ads on players ' jerseys .  he says none of the four major leagues permits ads on uniforms .  people would grow to accept it ; ads have evolved into status symbols .  greene : it 's about revenue . .  could ads on stamps help bail out the postal service .
 world 's coolest zip lines <sec> a zip line ride soars from one end of the cruise ship oasis of the seas to another .  look out for rhinos and other creatures as you fly through the safari park in san diego .  adrenaluna in st. lucia provides the special treat of exploring a rainforest by nigh .
 taliban targets coalition base on eve of 9/11 anniversary <sec> new : isaf confirms attack by taliban suicide bomber .  one person is killed and 10 others wounded .  isaf leader says 9/11 `` changed the world '' .  six construction workers are found dea .
 alaska senate race still uncertain after primary elections <sec> the alaskan gop senate nomination is still up for grabs .  challenger joe miller says there 's a bipartisan crisis of leadership in d.c . .  florida gop senate nominee says american voters are looking for alternatives .  rick scott , who spent $ 50 million on his campaign , wins florida gop primary for governo .
 review : sinead o'connor 's 'how about i be me ( and you be you ) ? ' <sec> o'connor 's ninth studio album is titled `` how about i be me ( and you be you ) ? '' .  she taps the naked intensity of her early days without sacrificing hooks or humor .  the singer 's `` how about i be me ( and you be you ) ? '' .  is a welcome retur .
 an eerie mood on the ground in crimea <sec> new : a supporter of ukrainian forces says talks , not fights , will solve problems .  rumor , confusion and outlandish claims mix freely in crimea 's capital .  `` mother , i 'm sorry i had to go , '' reads poem at memorial in kiev 's independence square .  protesters in kiev say they are outraged , willing to fight russian troop .
 is the supreme court playing with fire ? <sec> bradley joondeph : no one can predict how supreme court will rule on health care law .  he says there were indications that some justices would throw out entire law .  joondeph : throwing out hugely important law , in midst of campaign , would be a big risk .  he says a decision widely viewed as political could threaten court 's statur .
 publicist says zsa zsa gabor 's hip-replacement surgery went well <sec> new : her husband says he will put his gubernatorial bid `` in a closet '' .  gabor will stay hospitalized another 4 days .  publicist : `` doctors are happy '' after surgery .  the actress broke her hip in fall from bed saturda .
 naomi sims , pioneering black model , dies at 61 <sec> naomi sims was one of first black supermodels .  sims was on notable cover of ladies ' home journal in 1968 , many other magazines .  sims paved way for others such as beverly johnson , a friend say .
 $ 86,000 monthly allowance for michael jackson 's mom , kids <sec> money from jackson estate is in addition to the maintenance of the home .  l.a. county judge ordered petitions for their monthly allowance be made public .  petitions approved by judge mitchell beckloff , outline $ 26,804 per month for mom .  $ 13,260 for each child 's monthly `` entertainment and related expenses .
 every day is grammar day when you 've got this job <sec> national grammar day is celebrated on march 4 .  for copy editors , spotting errors and correcting them is their job .  what are the best grammar and spelling fails you 've seen ? .  share your photos with cnn irepor .
 bombs explode in northern ireland city <sec> two bombs rock locations in londonderry .  no injuries reported .  politicians blame ira splinter group .
 wife of convicted abortion doctor gets jail time <sec> wife of doctor had pleaded guilty two years ago .  she was accused of performing late-term abortion .  her husband , dr. kermit gosnell , was convicted of three counts of first-degree murde .
 what 's 'true ' about jesus ' cross ? <sec> the true cross phenomenon begins with emperor constantine , the first roman emperor to convert to christianity . .  could fragments of a tree survive millennia ? .  or are they fragments of forgery that speak to our need to believe .
 new photos show weapons , cash recovered from bulger apartment <sec> james `` whitey '' bulger was hunted by the fbi for 16 years .  an fbi agent says bulger had 15 different aliases during that time .  bulger and his companion were arrested in california in late june .  newly released photos show cash and weapons recovered from bulger 's apartmen .
 young detainee in bahrain released on bail , lawyer says <sec> ali hasan is freed but must return for trial later this month , his lawyer says .  human rights groups say he is 11 , while authorities say he 's 12 .  authorities accuse him of participating in an `` illegal gathering '' and burning tires .  bahrain clamped down on an uprising inspired by the arab spring movement last yea .
 newest mobile gadgets -- hit or miss ? <sec> reviewers get their hands on the latest gadgets at mobile world congress .  new devices and apps by htc , skype and asus impress experts .  reviewers less impressed by phones and tablets boasting superfast tec .
 opinion : south africa 's zuma will win power , but anc is losing respect <sec> south africa 's fifth democratic elections are held this wednesday - first since nelson mandela 's death .  president jacob zuma is most divisive figure in south african politics today , says justice malala .  malala : several scandals have wracked his administration since he came to power in 2009 .  he predicts zuma will win power , but anc will lose share of the vot .
 country artist billy currington indicted on terroristic threat charges <sec> billy currington allegedly threatened bodily harm against an elderly man .  `` i ca n't comment on this situation as this is an ongoing legal matter , '' currington tweets .  currington 's country hits include `` people are crazy '' and `` that 's how country boys roll .
 aid workers , journalist killed in somalia blast <sec> journalist and two doctors were among those killed .  remote-controlled mine went off in southern somalia .  somali driver also died in the attack .  journalist is the second to die in conflict situation this yea .
 ugandan officials , international experts tackle ebola outbreak that 's killed 14 <sec> new : ugandan president calls on residents to be cautious .  tracing every possible contact with ebola patients is `` very important , '' who says .  the ebola virus killed at least 14 people in midwestern uganda this month .  the virus is a highly infectious disease spread through contact with bodily fluid .
 colombian military : key rebel and drug trafficker killed <sec> tomas medina caracas was a fugitive from a u.s. drug trafficking indictment .  `` el negro acacio '' allegedly helped manage extensive cocaine network .  u.s. justice department indicted him in 2002 .  colombian military : he was killed in an attack on a guerrilla encampmen .
 u.s. puts sanctions on iran-based company linked to n. korea <sec> hong kong electronics called a cover for north korea 's missile proliferation network .  u.s. treasury says company 's u.s. assets frozen , transactions in u.s. prohibited .  it says company worked with bank , arms dealer tied to other sanctioned entities .  goal is to stop misuse of financial system to advance arms programs , treasury say .
 eu-imf feud erupts over greek debt <sec> eurozone finance ministers postponed agreement on greece 's long-delayed €31.3bn aid payment .  shows divisions between imf and eu creditors over how fast athens must reduce its debt .  imf : greece must reduce its debt levels to 120 per cent of economic output by 2020 .  juncker told a post-meeting press conference the target would be moved to 202 .
 secret d-day training mission cost hundreds of lives <sec> exercise tiger , a training mission for d-day , took place in april 1944 .  more than 700 american servicemen lost their lives in german torpedo boat attack .  new sonar images show the sunken ships in the english channel .  exercise tiger revealed some problems that were fixed before actual d-day invasio .
 unplanned pregnancies may be on rise in military <sec> in 2008 , there were 105 unintended pregnancies for every 1,000 servicewomen , study says .  the military offers free fda-approved contraceptives in its medical facilities .  unplanned pregnancies can have a significant impact on health , troop readiness .  navy medicine says its statistics are in line with the national rate .
 police : aaron hernandez may have pulled trigger in unsolved murders <sec> the revelation was contained within newly unsealed court documents .  in the 2012 double homicide , two men were shot outside a boston nightclub .  former patriots tight end aaron hernandez is charged in a 2013 homicid .
 misano track to bear simoncelli 's name <sec> the misano world circuit is to be renamed after marco simoncelli .  motogp rider simoncelli was killed in a crash in malaysia earlier this month .  sunday 's race in valencia will be the first since simoncelli 's deat .
 mo'ne davis should n't have to take this <sec> roxanne jones : ballplayer called mo'ne davis slut in a tweet . .  she graciously asked his college to reinstate him after he was kicked from team .  jones : black girls conditioned from young age by culture and even family to accept being called over-sexualized names .  she says it 's hurtful , confusing , can have long-term effect . .  community should recognize the harm this does to young , smart , strong girl .
 jury selection to begin in perjury retrial of baseball 's roger clemens <sec> jury selection is scheduled to begin monday .  baseball legend roger clemens is fighting a six-count federal indictment .  a mistrial was declared in july after inadmissible evidence was shown in court .  clemens has denied using performance-enhancing drugs while a pro baseball playe .
 fukushima leaks : japan ponders freezing ground <sec> prime minister orders `` multiple , speedy and sure '' plans to stop fukushima leaks .  `` we have to deal with this at a national level , '' abe says .  plant operator tepco has proposed freezing the ground around the site .  the plant was the site of the worst nuclear accident since 198 .
 justice stands by refusal to give interracial couple license to wed <sec> new : `` hard to apologize when you have n't done wrong , '' justice of peace says .  beth mckay says she 's hurt after louisiana justice of peace denied marriage license .  keith bardwell says he wo n't wed interracial couples , but denies he 's racist .  state officials have called for bardwell 's dismissa .
 u.n. : documented killings in syria rise to over 92,000 <sec> more than 5,000 people a month are dying in syria , the u.n. says .  the actual death rate is believed to be much higher .  more than 80 % of the victims are male , u.n. says , and thousands are minor .
 london gatwick airport reopened after emergency landing <sec> new : gatwick airport reopens after plane is moved following emergency landing .  virgin atlantic flight vs43 landed safely , but the aircraft remains on the runway .  the plane developed a fault en route to las vegas , the airline said earlier .  virgin says the issue was with the plane 's landing gea .
 opinion : business must help young people find jobs <sec> klaus schwab , muhtar kent : in europe and elsewhere , many young people are jobless .  schwab , kent : unemployment is an acute crisis that needs our continuous attention .  they say business leaders and governments should work together on this urgent problem .  schwab , kent : for businesses , it 's an opportunity since jobs leads to consumptio .
 gladwell : in 50 years , people will forget steve jobs <sec> author malcolm gladwell : in time , `` people will have forgotten steve jobs '' .  gladwell : `` there will be statues of bill gates across the third world '' .  he made the comments during a recent public appearance at the toronto public librar .
 stand up for centrist candidates <sec> john avlon : we need to see more principled centrists elected to congress .  avlon : i offer a list of the top standout centrist senate and congressional candidates .  his suggestions include angus king , bob kerrey , heather wilson , joe donnelly and others .  avlon : centrism is about working together across party lines to solve problem .
 pentagon official : russian warships may be carrying weapons to syria <sec> u.s. intelligence : three russian warships in the mediterranean may have weapons for syria .  the ships are believed to be carrying parts of an air defense missile system .  such a system would make striking targets in syria more difficult , u.s. believes .  u.s. aircraft carrier , a patriot missile battery and f-16s will be in the mideast this mont .
 why obama is visiting israel <sec> aaron david miller : barack obama and benjamin netanyahu have a tense relationship .  miller : it 's smart for obama to visit israel now since there are less expectations .  he says the trip will give obama a chance to show empathy for israelis and help create a bond .  miller : one trip wo n't be transformational , but it 's a good start to tackling vital issue .
 longtime friends : mcmahon was a 'rock ' and 'a star in his own right ' <sec> ed mcmahon , who died tuesday , was known as a sidekick -- but also a `` star '' .  his outgoing public persona was in contrast to that of his boss , johnny carson .  `` tonight '' bandleader doc severinsen : `` ed defined what the sidekick was '' .  joan rivers : `` when you needed him , he was a rock .
 the world 's scariest stairs <sec> moon temple at machu picchu can be reached by 600-foot slippery granite steps .  the journey to yosemite 's half dome requires a long cable ladder .  a misstep on any of these staircases can be letha .
 architect of the brink : meet the man behind the government shutdown - cnnpolitics.com <sec> a little-known , freshman congressman is flexing his legislative muscle in congress .  mark meadows insisted on strategy of defunding of obamacare as a condition of new spending .  local tea party organizer says meadows `` is becoming our poster boy .
 man kills himself at notre dame cathedral <sec> a man committed suicide in the notre dame cathedral in paris , police say .  the site was evacuated .  the man , identified as dominique venner , regularly lashed out against same-sex marriage and islamists .  right-wing politician marine le pen expressed respect for hi .
 gabon pip tunisia to top spot in group c <sec> co-hosts finish top of group c after 1-0 win over tunisia in franceville .  niger lose to morocco 1-0 to finish bottom of group with no point .
 police seek ufc 's jon 'bones ' jones after hit-and-run <sec> police say they ca n't confirm whether jones was involved in the crash , which injured a pregnant woman .  jones is the reigning ufc light heavyweight champio .
 wreckage found from russian plane missing in indonesia <sec> new : wreckage of the plane has been located , a local official says .  the sukhoi superjet 100 was on a multination demonstration tour .  the plane started to descend and then vanished off radar screens .  a sukhoi representative says 42 passengers and eight crew members were on boar .
 nepalese colonel faces torture charges in uk court <sec> new : nepal has protested kumar lama 's arrest , says it is committed to human rights .  he is accused of torturing two people at an army barracks in nepal .  the alleged torture occurred during nepal 's civil war , which ended in 2006 .  human rights watch says a culture of impunity for rights abuses in nepal must en .
 nasa 's plan for our next world : a cloud city over venus <sec> nasa is studying the possibility of sending a manned mission into the relatively benign atmosphere of venus .  the concept involves sending an aeroshell that would contain a folded helium airship in the planet 's atmosphere .  at 30 miles above the planet 's surface , the gravity , atmosphere and radiation protection is similar to that of earth .  the space agency says the mission could involve creating a floating blimp city for a permanent manned presenc .
 chinese officials hold talks with village protesters <sec> a senior party official meets a representative from the villagers of wukan .  wukan residents claim land has been seized illegally , then sold to developers .  the villagers want the release of four people detained by the authorities .  they also want the return of the body of a villager who died in police custod .
 philip roth retires , undefeated <sec> philip roth has said his latest novel would be his last , he wo n't write any more .  greene : retirement of an artist of such stature in movies would have been huge news .  roth 's talent was apparent even in the novels he wrote in his 70s , greene say .
 hot dog-eating contest to welcome women this summer <sec> the first woman to compete was a german tourist , in 1984 .  sonya thomas is a leading contender this year .  in the 2010 championship , she downed 36 dogs .  this year 's top male eater will get $ 20,000 , but top woman will get $ 5,00 .
