 man united top group despite being held <sec> manchester united qualify for the last 16 of champions league as group c winners .  united top group despite being held to a 1-1 home draw by spanish side valencia .  holders inter milan qualify second in group a after a heavy 3-0 defeat at werder bremen .  barcelona end their group d campaign with a comfortable 2-0 win over rubin kaza .
 pick a man by his winning culinary style <sec> babe scott says you can tell a guy 's key characteristics from his culinary style .  beer and burger on a park bench is the picnic style of homer simpson , not sir galahad .  a guy who shows competency over the barbecue 's hot coals is a keeper .  even a superstar chef will take his date out for an occasional restaurant mea .
 hamas says top militant 'assassinated ' <sec> mahmoud al-mabhouh buried friday after his death in dubai on january 20 .  hamas says al-mabhouh was assassinated , blames israel for death .  official in dubai told cnn that al-mabhouh died of natural cause .
 guns & ammo editor jim bequette resigns amid gun control column uproar <sec> guns & ammo publishes a column advocating gun control .  a readership uproar prompts the editor to resign earlier than planned .  editor says he was trying to promote `` a healthy exchange of ideas on gun rights '' .  but many readers say the column only helps the 'anti-second amendment crowd .
 why cyber attacks threaten our freedom <sec> stephen miller is the reigning uk cyber security champion .  miller : cybercrime has grown exponentially in scale and sophistication in recent years .  cybercrime is backed by a highly organized black market and is worth billions of dollars .  cyber security is often regarded as hobby for young people rather than `` genuine '' caree .
 death toll rises to 80 after china earthquakes ; hundreds injured <sec> new : more than 800 people are injured .  chinese premier wen jiabao visits the affected areas .  tens of thousands are evacuated .  communication lines and other infrastructure are downe .
 woods penalized two strokes for rules violation <sec> new : woods says the punishment was fair , adding , `` i made a mistake '' .  woods says he did n't mean to break any rules .  official says woods was `` forthright ' during meeting saturday meeting .  the trouble started when his shot hit the flag stick and bounced into the wate .
 by the numbers : politicians in trouble <sec> two presidents have been impeached : andrew johnson in 1868 and bill clinton in 1998 .  one president has resigned from office : richard nixon , on august 8 , 1974 .  two members of congress have been expelled for unethical conduct since the civil war .  four governors of illinois have been sentenced to prison since 197 .
 coca-cola probed over mapping in china <sec> a local chinese government has accused coca-cola of illegally mapping parts of yunnan province .  the claims are part of a war of words between china and the us over cyber espionag .
 zayn malik : 'i 've let the fans down ' <sec> zayn malik says that being in one direction was `` not the real me '' .  he told the uk 's sun that he feels `` like i 'm doing what 's right '' .  the band announced wednesday that malik was leavin .
 obama 's big plan for small business <sec> amy wilkinson says obama 's new focus on small businesses and jobs is on track .  she says small businesses , the engines for u.s. job recovery , took hit in recession .  obama 's plan for lending , tax breaks , incentives could go even further , she says .  wilkinson : give sba a role in loans ; reform immigration to bring job-creating talent to u.s .
 'jurassic park ' author , 'er ' creator crichton dies <sec> michael crichton wrote several best-sellers , including `` jurassic park '' .  crichton , a physician , also helped create hit tv show `` er '' .  crichton died after `` courageous and private battle against cancer , '' release say .
 lessons learned from the largest oil spill in history <sec> 1991 oil spill in persian gulf was biggest in history .  30,000 birds were killed and fish populations suffered .  the gulf appears to have made a remarkable recovery , although oil has sunk into sediment .  nature can recover by itself , according to marine exper .
 queen honors cnn 's amanpour <sec> christiane amanpour receives a cbe `` for services to journalism '' .  queen elizabeth ii presents the award at buckingham palace ceremony .  new amanpour : `` i 'm incredibly thrilled and very proud '' .  amanpour has reported from hotspots including iraq , somalia and the balkan .
 kanye west , mary j. blige , usher jam at essence music festival <sec> the three-day festival celebrates black music and african-american culture .  kanye west , decked out in a sporty white blazer , arrived via a cable-enabled lift .  usher offered nostalgia with a three-song michael jackson medle .
 major league catcher kidnapped in venezuela <sec> new : police have two sketches of the suspects .  wilson ramos was kidnapped from his family home in venezuela .  he was playing in a winter league in venezuela .  ramos finished his rookie season with the washington national .
 debt-hit dubai opens world 's tallest tower <sec> dubai on monday officially opened the world 's largest tower , reaching half a mile into the sky .  dubai wallowing in debt crisis and a second $ 10b bail-out loan from neighboring abu dhabi .  critics see the burj as a poorly designed throwback to financial boom time .
 nato service member killed in afghanistan <sec> this year is already the deadliest for coalition and u.s. forces .  the battle against the taliban started nine years ag .
 romney 's reckless rhetoric <sec> chris coons : romney 's speech was empty rhetoric cloaked in patriotic bravado .  coons : he promises radically increased military spending without clarity about mission .  romney 's foreign policy team , he writes , are bush/cheney neocons who got u.s. into iraq .  coons : romney must move past applause lines and stop cold war-style fear mongerin .
 police clear occupy camps in los angeles , philadelphia <sec> 52 people are arrested in philadelphia .  philadelphia mayor michael nutter says four people were injured .  about 200 are arrested in los angeles , the police chief say .
 nwankwo kanu : supporting football with strong foundations <sec> nigerian footballer is european cup and english premier league winner .  age 19 , told he could never play football again after hole was found in his heart .  a unicef ambassador has also set up two charitable foundation .
 outrage halts launch of 'caylee sunshine ' doll <sec> dolls have blond hair ; caylee anthony had brown hair .  company planned to charge $ 29.99 for dolls .  president jaime salcedo said he hoped to raise awareness , money for charities .  promotion was criticized by public , members of slain tot 's famil .
 apparently this matters : book it turns 30 <sec> pizza hut starter their book it reading incentive program in 1984 .  to celebrate 30 years of book it , pizza hut allowed `` alumni '' to sign up for a free pizza .  the author of this column missed the deadline and is n't pleased with himsel .
 cameron diaz 's guide to success <sec> at 41 , cameron diaz has amassed more than 40 movie credits .  the actress says she 's been open to all opportunities .  diaz : `` when you leave your doors open , things come in .
 isis governor of mosul killed in airstrikes <sec> u.s. airstrikes kill governor of mosul , iraqi police say .  30 isis fighters are killed in syria by kurdish forces , rights group says .  isis did not shoot down plane with pilot , u.s. officials say .  turkey promises iraq it will block border to syria from isis fighter .
 how police can avoid shooting the mentally ill ( opinion ) <sec> in the past two weeks , police have killed at least four people with psychiatric disabilities .  david perry : how does a police officer accommodate someone with mental illness ? .  he says one solution is to train police to act like guardians , another is to use tasers .  perry : being disabled comes with civil rights protections , we can include the mentally il .
 daughter takes life-sized cutout of father on dream trip <sec> grieving daughter honors dead father by posing for pictures across europe with his life-sized cutout .  only 52 when he died , father jay kwon yang dreamed of world travel , but never got the opportunity .  daughter jinna yang is an artist in new york city .  photos have gained worldwide attentio .
 latest f1 standings after singapore gp <sec> sebastian vettel 's ninth win takes him within one point of the title .  the red bull driver can seal his second triumph at japanese grand prix .  mclaren 's jenson button climbs above fernando alonso into second place .  champions red bull extend their lead at the top of the constructors ' standing .
 warren jeffs guilty of 'major disciplinary infraction ' for prison phone calls <sec> the sect leader is serving a life-plus-20-year term in texas for sexual assault .  authorities probed his phone use in prison , including an alleged christmas sermon .  a state spokeswoman says he was found guilty of making conference calls .  jeffs ' phone privileges have been suspended for 90 day .
 spain minister warns eta 's end to violence is not end of story <sec> spain 's interior minister says there is still work to do to prevent future terrorism .  eta has announced a `` definitive cessation of its armed activity '' .  listed as a terror group by the u.s. and european union , it is blamed for hundreds of deaths .  it has been fighting for an independent basque state in parts of spain and franc .
 mitch mcconnell would face biggest challenge yet in grimes <sec> mitch mcconnell seems set to cruise to a primary win , but the cost remains to be seen .  it 's also unclear whether tea party republicans who opposed mcconnell will vote in the fall .  challenger is using classic campaign against mcconnell : it 's time for a chang .
 recipe : stuffed , baked eggplant <sec> this dish is often served in campodimele , italy .  author tracey lawson believes the village 's nutritious diet is key to the residents ' longevity .  the locals prize `` genuine food , '' grown without the use of chemicals and simply prepare .
 hurricane felicia waning on its way to hawaii <sec> new : hurricane felicia , now category 2 , likely to keep weakening .  felicia might be tropical depression or storm when it reaches hawaiian islands .  forecasters say it could still cause flooding as it passes ove .
 sneijder free-kick puts inter in semis <sec> italian champions inter milan through to the semifinals of the champions league .  wesley sneijder scores the only goal as inter defeat cska moscow 1-0 .  the 2-0 aggregate victory means inter reach the last four for first time since 200 .
 should parents be criminally liable for kids ' cyberbullying ? <sec> mark o'mara : two florida girls charged with cyberbullying of 12-year-old who committed suicide .  parents of one girl say she has an alibi and that they monitored her facebook account .  o'mara : if parents are ignorant or apathetic , should they be held responsible for bullying ? .  he says law should impose criminal liability under certain circumstance .
 new smartphone app promises easy eye testing worldwide <sec> peek is a smartphone app that enables professional eye exams anywhere in the world .  it was developed by team of eye care specialists to increase access to quality eye care .  creator andrew bastawrous : 39 million people are blind ; 80 % avoidable with right care .  crowdfunding campaign launched to raise money for new innovatio .
 rescuers resume partial search on doomed italian cruise ship <sec> new : search operations resume on the upper part of the vessel .  new : the captain 's lawyer talks to an italian news channel .  underwater searches were suspended when the ship moved .  relatives of some of the victims scatter flowers from a boat at the wreck sit .
 pakistan blocks facebook over 'draw mohammed day ' <sec> new : facebook group 's creator says idea meant to protest `` bullying '' by muslim groups .  `` everybody draw mohammed day '' urges users to submit drawings of mohammed .  devout muslims consider it offensive to depict mohammed .  telecommunications official says facebook blocked on government 's order .
 man charged with vandalizing picasso masterpiece <sec> suspect identified in vandalism of picasso painting in houston .  he has not been found , assistant district attorney says .  museum officials expect the painting to hang agai .
 pirates attack u.s. cargo ship but fail to get aboard <sec> crewman e-mailed hours before attack that navy was monitoring the ship .  crewman e-mails , `` we are under attack by pirates , we are being hit by rockets '' .  four freighters seized in last two days .  greek 35,000-ton bulk carrier and lebanese-owned , togo-flagged both seize .
 investigators : speed killed paul walker <sec> drugs , alcohol , mechanical trouble , racing were not involved in paul walker 's crash .  walker 's porsche was speeding `` between 80 and 93 mph '' when it wrecked last year .  investigation report clears up lingering questions about the star 's death .  walker and roger rodas wore seat belts and airbags deployed in the porsch .
 powerful , intimidating , sexy : do clothes maketh the woman ? <sec> 'women fashion power ' exhibition opens at london design museum .  chronicles how women have used clothes to empower themselves .  includes rare outfits from princess diana , margaret thatcher , zaha hadid .  mayor of paris opens show , says clothes are 'representation of ourselves .
 school attacked by pakistani taliban opened to media <sec> pakistan 's military allows media in to see the devastation inside the peshawar school .  blood stains the floor of the auditorium where taliban attackers killed many of the children .  the attackers `` had no sense of humanity in them , '' says one survivor , shot in the shoulder .  the remains of the last militant to die still lie , covered , in the spot where he blew himself u .
 police , protesters clash at republic day march in turkey <sec> despite ban , secularists critical of turkey 's islamist-rooted government protest in ankara .  leader of turkey 's largest opposition party forgoes traditional parade , joins protest .  turkish tv networks split live coverage of two simultaneous republic day celebrations .  after noon , tv showed live images of police firing water cannons at opposition gatherin .
 fearless , funky japanese fashions create a splash half a world away <sec> japanese street fashion can be found in a boutique in atlanta , georgia .  what can you buy ? .  minnie mouse cardigans mix with colorful tutus and salvaged denim .  owner alva glass likes to pair pieces together that are not made to match .  glass wants to appeal to `` youthful creatives '' who are looking for something differen .
 fueling cars with waste <sec> cellulosic ethanol can be made from wood , grasses or the waste parts of plants .  ineos bio is set to start commercial production of ethanol from waste products .  production must become more economical if cellulosic ethanol is to succee .
 top democrat blasts limbaugh for 'phony soldiers ' comment <sec> top senate democrat calls rush limbaugh 's comment `` beyond the pale '' .  democrats say limbaugh questioned patriotism of veterans who criticize war .  limbaugh says `` phony soldiers '' comment taken out of context .  conservative radio talk show host says attacks part of a `` smear .
 inmates who used forged docs to leave prison back in orlando-area jail <sec> charles walker and joseph jenkins are in custody in orange county , florida .  that 's where they are from , and where they committed murders years ago .  the two men used forged documents to walk out of prison , authorities sa .
 hundreds of french workers take bosses hostage <sec> new : workers release one of five people being held hostage at caterpillar factory .  workers angry that caterpillar propose cutting more than 700 jobs .  they did not want to harm the executives but get them to negotiate , official says .  a senior caterpillar executive called the hostage-taking `` unhelpful .
 cavani hat-trick moves napoli level with serie a leaders juventus <sec> napoli beat visitors lazio 3-0 to go joint top of serie a with reigning champions juventus .  edinson cavani strikes a hat-trick to take his season 's league tally to five , one more than fiorentina 's stevan jovetic .  ac milan relieve pressure on coach massimiliano allegri with a 2-0 win at home to cagliari .  in spain , atletico madrid win 4-2 at real betis to go second in la liga and six points clear of city rivals rea .
 merkel : germany wo n't make bailout promises it ca n't keep <sec> german chancellor angela merkel delivers opening address at davos economic forum .  merkel warns structure of `` great european project '' needs substantive reform .  she said germany would not make bailout promises it could not keep .  she was speaking day after imf lowered outlook for world econom .
 dennis ritchie : the shoulders steve jobs stood on <sec> dennis ritchie is the father of the c programming language .  ritchie used c to build unix , the os that so much is built on .  `` we 're all standing on dennis ' shoulders , '' expert say .
 robben wonder strike hands bayern win <sec> bayern munich defeat lyon 1-0 in the first leg of their champions league semifinal .  in-form arjen robben scores the only goal with a spectacular long-range strike .  franck ribery and jeremy toulalan are sent off as both team finish with 10 me .
 review : 'an education ' showcases new it girl <sec> carey mulligan does fine job as teen seeking greener pastures in `` an education '' .  film is about a girl in 1961 britain who starts dating 30-something man .  good performances all around , especially from peter sarsgaard , emma thompso .
 ranieri quits as roma coach after fourth successive defeat <sec> claudio ranieri quits as roma coach after sunday 's serie a defeat at genoa .  after leading 3-0 , the capital club lose 4-3 to record fourth consecutive loss .  ac milan stay top of league table , three points clear , with 2-1 win at chievo verona .  napoli reclaim second place from inter milan , fourth-placed lazio also wi .
 wrongfully imprisoned man gets free trip to super bowl <sec> ryan ferguson is taking his dad bill on a bucket-list trip to the super bowl .  ferguson spent 10 years in prison in missouri for a crime he did n't commit .  a ticket agency heard his story and offered him a free trip to sunday 's big gam .
 45,000-year-old leg bone yields oldest human genome <sec> scientists sequence dna of 45,000-year-old leg bone found in siberia .  study : modern humans and neanderthals mated 50,000 to 60,000 years ago .  roughly 2 % of genomes of non-africans today come from neanderthal specie .
 kim jong un 's visit to moscow confirmed , russia says <sec> a russian presidential aide says kim will be in moscow for may 9 victory day celebrations , news agency reports .  this victory day marks the 70 years since the soviet victory over germany in world war i .
 uk drugs girls freed from ghana jail <sec> british teens jailed in ghana on drugs charges , due to fly home to uk thursday .  pair , both 16 at time of arrest last july , sentenced to nine months in prison .  uk legal aid group says girls had been targeted , were `` pawns in a larger operation .
 comment : football star 's lavish wedding a class issue <sec> english football star wayne rooney and sweetheart marry in lavish ceremony .  glen scanlon says media have launched bitter attacks on the couple .  working-class background appears to be critics ' greatest annoyance , he say .
 1970s pop icon david cassidy sues sony <sec> 1970s pop icon david cassidy filed a lawsuit wednesday against sony .  the lawsuit claims cassidy has been 'swindled ' out of merchandising profits .  cassidy , 61 , says he has only received $ 5,000 from partridge family merchandise .  a sony spokeswoman had no commen .
 abbottabad children played by bin laden 's compound <sec> children would knock on door for 10 or 20 minutes , one tells cnn .  when a ball went into the compound , a man would pay them for it , a child says .  some of the kids they played with may have been bin laden grandchildre .
 steve king on hostage review : no paying ransom <sec> president barack obama has ordered a review of american hostage protocol .  rep. steve king stressed tuesday not to pay ransom for hostages .  king argued paying ransom or negotiating leads to more kidnappin .
 opinion : congress lets down military families and vets <sec> paul rieckhoff : senate could n't pass bill addressing veterans ' priorities .  rieckhoff : congress is failing military families and proposing more cuts .  rieckhoff : 22 vets die by suicide a day , v.a . .  backlog huge , military justice is broken .  he says congress stood for wounded ranger , but it was only a gestur .
