 san diego wo n't pay for mayor 's defense in sexual harassment case <sec> the city sues filner for its legal costs and possible damages .  the city says it had no role in the mayor 's behavior .  filner wants the city to pay for his own defense and legal bills .  filner 's former spokeswoman is suing him for sexual harassmen .
 this week on inside africa ... <sec> inside africa catches up with a world cup legend spreading football excitement in south africa . .  david mckenzie discovers the passion of the angolan football squad and . .  alina cho speaks to madonna about her efforts to help other malawi 's orphans .
 1 taken to hospital , 2 detained after explosion at memphis high school <sec> new : 2 possible suspects are in custody , a memphis police sergeant says .  new : there was a loud noise after a bomb threat was made , according to police .  an assistant principal suffers smoke inhalation and is taken to hospital .  it appears to be a prank , a school spokeswoman say .
 rio ferdinand : alex ferguson not to blame for manchester united failures <sec> rio ferdinand launches staunch defense of alex ferguson .  former manchester united boss is regarded as one of the best managers in world football .  united have struggled since the scot left in 2013 .  louis van gaal charged with restoring club 's fortune .
 al qaeda militants killed in yemen clashes , officials say <sec> dozens of al qaeda militants died in clashes with yemeni forces , security officials say .  at least 15 soldiers also lost their lives in the violence in southern yemen , officials say .  the violence comes only days after a massive suicide bombing killed more than 100 soldier .
 meet the malawi mouse boys , the gospel band who sell mice kebabs <sec> malawi mouse boys is an eight-member gospel band .  when not playing music , they sell roasted mice to passing motorists .  the band played last month at the uk 's womad festiva .
 massive fire prompts hundreds of evacuations in san francisco <sec> at least 150 firefighters are involved in the blaze at mission bay neighborhood .  the entire structure will likely collapse due to water and damage .  residents who live across the street from the blaze evacuate .
 pakistan govt . : more than 1,000 militants killed in nw offensive <sec> pakistani troops fighting to oust taliban militants from volatile province .  u.s-led coalition and nato , based in afghanistan , have long criticized pakistan .  islamabad , coalition says , not effective in halting border attacks from inside pakistan .  pakistan has denied the claims , has launched operations to rout out militant .
 'fearless ' ebola nurse trains at emory university <sec> fatu kekula , 23 , saved most of her family from ebola .  thanks to donors , she is being trained at emory university .  kekula was one year away from finishing a nursing degree when ebola struc .
 traveler wakes up on airliner , locked in and alone <sec> tom wagner , left on plane , calls girlfriend for help ; she initially does n't believe him .  he says he slept through landing and woke up in a dark cabin .  wagner was traveling from louisiana to california .  united offers $ 250 voucher while expressjet says it will investigate what happene .
 will candidates let returning troops fall off the fiscal cliff ? <sec> ron astor : we need plans to provide services for returning vets if defense is deeply cut .  astor : candidates laud military members but provide no detailed plans for re-integration .  tens of thousands back from wars wonder what services will survive , he says .  astor : obama `` joining forces '' is great , but it needs to be expanded with federal fund .
 'geneva 2 ' syria peace conference set for january 22 , u.n. says <sec> envoy says iran and saudi arabia could be `` possible participants '' .  conference had been delayed several times , in part over who would attend .  syrian opposition contains numerous factions , some opposed to each other .  conference aims to end violence that has raged since march 201 .
 after supreme court ruling , obama presses the world on gay rights <sec> new : he calls former slave trade post a powerful reminder to keep focus on human rights .  obama calls for decriminalizing homosexuality ; senegalese president sall says no .  he 's pushing u.s. investment , addressing development issues , promoting democracy in africa .  nelson mandela 's legacy will linger `` throughout the ages , '' obama say .
 taliban attack survivor describes scene of 'pure chaos ' <sec> survivor of attack that killed nine u.s. soldiers in afghanistan recalls `` chaos '' .  army spc . .  tyler stafford , wounded in july 13 attack , says he watched buddies die .  soldier recalls calling out to friend during battle , not knowing friend had died .  incident was deadliest attack on u.s. forces in afghanistan in three year .
 uefa steps up racism fight with tougher sanctions <sec> uefa sets out punishments for clubs and nations whose fans are found guilty of racist abuse .  member associations encouraged to follow similar steps .  berlin 's olympic stadium to host champions league final with europa league final in warsaw .  winner of europa league expected to receive place in the champions league from 201 .
 new prison photo of charles manson released <sec> prison officials release updated photo of convicted murderer charles manson .  photo shows manson with receding hairline , gray hair and forehead swastika .  manson , four others were convicted in series of murders over two-day period in 196 .
 george michael in 'toilet drugs arrest ' <sec> george michael cautioned after being arrested for drugs in london public toilet .  pop star was released with a caution for possession of class a , class c drugs .  press reports claim police were tipped off by a suspicious toilet attendan .
 lord of the rings lines , as delivered by lego characters <sec> characters in `` lego the lord of the rings '' deliver real lines from the movies .  the company behind the game says the blocky characters lighten the mood .  producer : `` it 's what lego brings to the party . .  that lightness of touch .
 brush fire battled in glendale , calif . <sec> brush fire controlled in glendale .  neighborhoods were evacuated .  other departments hel .
 ogier powers to maiden world rally win <sec> sebastian ogier of france wraps up maiden win in world rally championship .  ogier holds off compatriot and seven-time champion sebastien loeb in portugal .  citroen c4 teammate dani sordo finishes thir .
 exercise , alcohol and viagra -- best cures for jet lag <sec> a thousand people are asked what jet lag remedies they use .  exercising and light exercise deemed most popular .  other `` cures '' include drinking , not drinking and viagr .
 top mixologist stirs up hot drinks <sec> celebrity chef kathy casey predicts two new drink flavors for 2010 .  she says hot cocktail flavors for 2010 will be fresh ginger and hibiscus .  mixologist adds thyme to her green-eye daiquir .
 india inauguration : south asian leaders unite around narendra modi <sec> new : narendra modi is sworn in as prime minister .  the unprecedented event brings together regional leaders including pakistan 's pm .  invitation to leaders described as a `` terrific '' move .  modi is seen as hawkish by some political watcher .
 peace in quiet , middle-class pennsylvania community shattered <sec> stabbing spree at pennsylvania high school injures 20 students .  mother of middle school student says `` it was total chaos '' .  murrysville , with a population of about 20,000 , is a quiet residential enclav .
 why we should watch out for the watchmen of government secrecy <sec> we ought to recognize that secrecy can be necessary for national security , sagar writes .  we should welcome unauthorized disclosures when they reveal criminal activity , he says .  sagar : watchmen that guard against the secrecy misuse might behave less than sensibl .
 victim : 'you could feel the anger in the room ' <sec> shooting victim mckayla hicks went to hearing for accused killer james holmes .  she said she could feel `` all the anger that everyone had for '' holmes .  the incident has changed her , said hicks .  a bullet lodged in hicks ' jaw -- doctors said it is safer to leave it ther .
 commentary : is 'sexting ' child pornography ? <sec> mike galanos : teens are sending explicit photos of themselves to other kids .  he says parents should be aware of what 's happening and educate children .  galanos : sexting should be punished but not treated as child pornograph .
 experimental treatment for ptsd : ecstasy <sec> rachel hope suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder for years .  in 2005 , she investigated an experimental new treatment : ecstasy .  dr. michael mithoefer convinced the dea to green-light a study of the treatment .  more than 7 million americans suffer from pts .
 bali beyond sun , sand and sex <sec> while sun and sand often get top billing , bali is teeming with cultural experiences .  the bukit peninsula is known for challenging surfing and a scenic seaside temple .  sanur is one of the best places in bali to try out kite surfin .
 malaysia hunts filipino intruders on borneo after offensive <sec> malaysian forces try to flush out filipino fighters on borneo .  the philippine group says it suffered no casualties from an attack tuesday .  malaysian police say one filipino gunman may have been killed wednesday .  between 100 and 300 filipinos arrived by boat on the malaysian coast in februar .
 decoding da vinci : how a lost leonardo was found <sec> neglected for centuries , a leonardo da vinci painting is rediscovered .  discovery so unlikely art historian and conservator thought they had `` lost their minds '' .  main clues were original alterations in composition and painting of the curls .  `` salvator mundi '' now being exhibited for first time in london 's national galler .
 `` news to me '' archive : the web 's most talked about videos <sec> `` news to me '' airs saturdays and sundays at 7:30 p.m. , 9:30 p.m. & 12:30 a.m . .  et .  send in your photos and videos .  sign up for the newslette .
 oscar pistorius opens defense with tearful apology to steenkamp family <sec> oscar pistorius starts with apology , saying he can not imagine the pain he caused .  defense witness is questioned about reeva steenkamp 's wounds , when she last ate .  pistorius defense teams will call 14 to 17 witnesses , lawyer barry roux says .  pistorius says he thought steenkamp was an intruder and shot in self-defens .
 opinion : what tent cities say about america <sec> arjun sethi : as americans go home for the holidays , some homeless go to tent cities .  sethi : tent cities , either makeshift or more permanent , proliferate across america .  he says instead of helping the homeless , states are cracking down on these communities .  sethi : tent cities are a reminder of america 's growing income inequalitie .
 boehner hires third lawyer to sue obama - cnnpolitics.com <sec> john boehner has hired jonathan turley a lawyer for house republicans .  turley is the third firm to represent the gop case to sue obama over his health care la .
 coke buys stake in 'ethical ' drinks firm <sec> coca-cola buys a minority stake in innocent , the british fruit drink maker .  innocent said coke paid £30 million for stake of between 10 and 20 percent .  company insists its ethical stance will not be compromised .  coca-cola faces allegations about labor abuses and environmental concern .
 investigators study schumacher ski helmet cam as he remains in coma <sec> investigators examine a camera that was attached to michael schumacher 's ski helmet .  the former racing driver remains in critical but stable condition , his manager says .  schumacher suffered severe head injuries in an accident in the french alps last weekend .  he remains in an induced coma in a hospital in the french city of grenobl .
 same-sex marriage rallies stretch across nation <sec> same-sex marriage supporters to gather in hundreds of cities across u.s . .  they are protesting new bans in california , arizona and florida .  los angeles organizers expect 40,000 to 100,000 peopl .
 party like an avatar : how to throw an oscar bash <sec> with 10 best picture nominees , it 's easy to pick a great theme for an oscar party .  experts say not to wait until the last minute to prepare food or you 'll miss the fun .  set the mood with decorations , props and costumes , party hosts sugges .
 ohio jury recommends craigslist killer be sentenced to death <sec> new : `` beasley is a master manipulator '' who deserves death , a prosecutor says .  a jury had convicted richard beasley of aggravated murder , among other charges .  it urges death sentence ; the judge says the jury will announce sentence tuesday .  beasley killed three men who answered a craisglist ad to work on a cattle far .
 five omg moments at the rnc <sec> there are convention moments that make us smh , lol or unfollow certain people .  condoleezza 's rice 's lipstick malfunction got as much buzz as her speech .  paul ryan 's widow 's peak drew comparisons to eddie munster .  ryan might be handsome , but santorum 's speech was hand-some .
 iraq conflict becomes a tale of two regions <sec> the frontline position in eski mosul is perhaps the most contested piece of real estate in northern iraq .  supported by coalition air strikes , the kurds swept down to seize the area late last month .  in two days , the peshmerga say , isis sent 20 vehicle bombs up the roa .
 rooney landmark in man united victory <sec> england striker wayne rooney scores his 100th premier league goal on sunday .  rooney helps manchester united claim a superb 3-1 victory at premier league rivals arsenal .  the result keeps champions united just a point behind leaders chelsea at the top of the tabl .
 12 dead , 45 injured in malawi protests <sec> new : united states urges restraint from both sides .  the protests began wednesday and continued thursday .  malawians are demanding government action on issues including fuel shortages .  the president tells protesters he is ready for talks , but urges a halt to violenc .
 dalglish makes losing start as manchester united beat 10-man liverpool <sec> ten-man liverpool lose 1-0 to manchester united in third round of fa cup .  ryan giggs scores early penalty then liverpool captain steven gerrard is sent off .  two-time defending champions chelsea thrash ipswich 7-0 to reach fourth round .  manchester city face a replay after drawing 2-2 at second division leiceste .
 reporter 's notebook : eco-friendly fashion in argentina <sec> cnn 's brian byrnes reports from argentina on trend for eco-friendly fashion .  economic crash inspired a new creativity that 's all about recycling , reusing .  indarra dtx is creating hi-tech clothing , installing solar panels in jackets .  baumm uses vinyl from discarded billboard advertisements to make bag .
 suu kyi criticizes two-child limit on muslims in western myanmar <sec> myanmar 's rakhine state puts a two-child limit on muslims in some areas .  officials say it is necessary to control the population of the rohingya minority .  but aung san suu kyi and human rights activists say it violates human rights .  the rohingya suffered heavily during communal violence with buddists last yea .
 how to design a better world <sec> john maeda : something designed superbly looks and feels different .  much of the time , we tend not to notice good design , he says .  designers can make things simpler and richer at same time , maeda says .  maeda : design can redefine leadership in age when everyone can friend the ce .
 protesters rally after egypt 's hosni mubarak is sentenced to life in prison <sec> new : the muslim brotherhood calls for protests and its candidate vows to continue the revolution .  new : sixty-one people are injured in demonstrations following the verdict , state tv reports .  the judge clears mubarak 's sons and several aides .  mubarak 's lawyer says he plans an appea .
 what instagram taught us about the inauguration <sec> cnn ireport and instagram teamed up to see who attended the inauguration and why .  more than 10,300 people sent in photos , and the pictures paint a diverse portrait of the crowd .  `` to be part of something that is so patriotic and historic is so exciting , '' said one ireporte .
 hamas , fatah announce talks to form unity government <sec> israeli airstrike injured 12 in northern gaza strip , gaza health ministry says .  reconciliation could put gaza , west bank under same government for first time since 2007 .  interim government could be formed in five weeks , fatah spokesman says .  fatah seized control of gaza from the palestinian authority seven years ag .
 ntsb examining 'fractured rail ' in connecticut train collision <sec> new : ntsb investigators are focusing on a fractured rail .  new : `` it is substantial interest to us , '' an ntsb official says .  one train derailed then hit a train going the other way , officials say .  hospitals say they have treated 70 peopl .
 actors ' son jett travolta dies at 16 <sec> new : relationship between travolta and son jett called loving , affectionate .  new : couple said chemicals in cleaning products triggered son 's rare disease .  jett travolta was elder child of john travolta and kelly preston .  jett travolta died in freeport , bahamas , where family was well-liked by communit .
 struggle of ideas amid china 's leadership change <sec> despite party 's calls to `` speak with one voice , '' dissenting ideas , differences being voiced .  lu : dominating the debates are the neoliberals and neo-maoists who occupy the leadership .  neo-liberals see free market , democracy as universal ; wang yang represents them , lu says .  bo , tipped for standing committee until his fall , neo-maoists touted `` common wealth .
 hijacking the media -- trump shows how easy it is <sec> howard kurtz : donald trump said the gop can go nuclear in budget showdown .  kurtz : it 's remarkable that trump draw attention no what what he says .  he says it 's so easy to hijack the media in the age of twitter .  kurtz : journalists like sexy stories but should n't lose focus of what 's importan .
 get smart : portland street style <sec> portland 's street style shows that it 's hip to be nerdy by showcasing smart looks .  street stylers splurge on local designer pieces and thrift the rest of the outfit .  warninger 's blog , urban weeds , features these looks and other `` mash-ups .
 united flight diverted to cuba due to 'unfamiliar ' odor in plane <sec> united flight 831 took off around 9 a.m. from dulles airport , the airline 's website says .  its crew noticed a strong odor in the plane , says faa and united spokesmen .  as a result , the flight is diverted and lands at havana airport around noon .  united , which does n't fly to cuba , is sending a plane there to transport passenger .
 five things learned from the gop debate <sec> the candidates seem to relish a chance to follow up on saturday 's debate .  huntsman : `` i will always put my country first '' .  santorum offers perhaps his strongest statement on gay rights .  gingrich , romney say they have worked with democrats to hammer out deal .
 f1 : standings after second race of 2010 <sec> fernando alonso maintains his lead in f1 drivers ' standings with second race in melbourne .  alonso four points ahead of teammate felipe massa after finishing fourth in australian gp .  world champion jenson button secures victory in his mclaren to move up to third overal .
 elvis presley jets for sale amid graceland makeover <sec> millions of elvis fans have peered into the planes as part of the graceland tour .  elvis ' jets are `` both museum pieces '' and can no longer fly , owner says .  elvis presley enterprises says fate of the famous planes is still up in the air .  elvis ' ex-wife tells fans to `` calm down '' over jet controvers .
 arizona deputy who says he was shot in desert fired over comments <sec> sheriff 's office terminates deputy over comments to newspaper .  louie puroll said he was shot by suspected drug trafficker .  puroll 's conduct after probe of shooting `` brought great discredit , '' sheriff says .  he will appeal his firing , the department say .
 top jewish groups denounce cartoon about gaza <sec> new : cartoon 's distributor defends cartoonist , cites his talent to stir debate .  work by pulitzer-winning cartoonist shows jack-booted figure , jewish star with fangs .  anti-defamation league , simon wiesenthal center say it uses anti-semitic imagery .  critics compare israeli actions to nazi aggression ; israel says it must defended itsel .
 portugal handed tough euro 2012 playoffs draw <sec> portugal will face bosnia herzegovina for a place at euro 2012 .  croatia and turkey also paired in thursday 's playoff draw .  republic of ireland and estonia to face each other .  czech republic go head-to-head with montenegr .
 islamic extremism : time to face facts ( opinion ) <sec> bangladeshi-american blogger avijit roy was killed thursday .  frida ghitis : root cause of islamist extremism is not povert .
