 atheists caught having sex in cathedral <sec> man and woman being caught having sex during morning mass .  italian couple defended their actions claiming they are atheists .  bishop of cesena : couple 's behavior was blasphemous and offensive .  mass to be held to restore the cathedral 's `` purity .
 fresh protests , clashes reported in iran <sec> reformist news site claims tear gas , pepper spray used against mourners .  semi-official news agency reports on pro-government demonstrations .  reports of anti-government protests at funeral of grand ayatollah montazeri .  montazeri publicly criticized last june 's presidential election .
 serena williams victorious on return in miami <sec> serena williams beats italian flavia pennetta at sony open in miami .  world no . .  1 was playing her first competitive match since mid-february .  fourth-seed and defending champion agnieszka radwanska into round three .  china 's li na of china and petra kvitova of czech republic also throug .
 striking honduran teachers face suspensions <sec> honduran teachers have been on strike since march 7 .  they are protesting a bill that they say will lead to the privatization of the schools .  the government set deadlines starting monday to return to wor .
 10 gay honeymoon hotspots <sec> association of british travel agents has named its top 10 destinations for same-sex honeymoons .  an increasing number of destinations are catering to lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender travelers .  top same-sex honeymoon spots include cape town , sydney and tel aviv .  miami hosts three of the world 's biggest lgbt events , among them the winter party festiva .
 bryon vassey indicted for killing keith vidal , mentally ill teenager <sec> bryon vassey was given until wednesday to surrender .  in the past , he has claimed the keith vidal was a danger to other officers .  vidal killed january 5 after a 911 call said he was having an episod .
 monologue : jay leno congratulates 'tonight show ' replacement <sec> jay leno announced wednesday that he 's leaving 'tonight ' .  jimmy fallon will replace him in spring 2014 .  leno first left the show in 2009 but returned after his new show failed .  the new `` tonight show '' will also return to new yor .
 jordanian accused in dallas bomb plot goes to court <sec> new : suspect initially wanted to stage attack on september 11 , authorities say .  affidavit : teen accused in texas bomb plot wrote violent posts on extremist web site .  hosam maher husein smadi accused of plotting to bomb dallas skyscraper .  smadi told plans to undercover fbi agents , authorities sa .
 this month : business traveller airport special <sec> on january 's airport special richard quest spends a day at london city airport .  we look into the contentious issue of airport expansion .  and we visit emirate 's new dedicated terminal at dubai international airpor .
 mom , 4 kids dead in brooklyn stabbing <sec> a cousin of the slain family has been charged with murder .  a woman and four children between 1 and 9 are stabbed to death in brooklyn .  three of the five victims were found dead at the scen .
 meth ads talk to teens in spanish <sec> meth project has disturbing ads to wake up kids to the dangers of meth .  spanish ads in the west feature young latinos sharing meth nightmares .  meth called a major threat in rural america because it is cheap and easy to mak .
 key witness recounts trayvon martin 's final phone call <sec> the woman was on the phone with trayvon martin moments before he died .  rachel jeantel testifies that martin told her a man was watching him .  martin asked the man `` why are you following me for ? '' .  jeantel says .  an earlier prosecution witness says she heard a `` boy '' cry for hel .
 20 of our favorite straight actors as gay characters <sec> hbo 's `` behind the candelabra : my life with liberace '' is being lauded by critics .  michael douglas and matt damon play the famed pianist and his lover .  many actors who are not gay in reality have portrayed gay characters , real and fictional .  tom hanks , charlize theron and hilary swank won oscars for playing gay or transgender character .
 hayden suffers accident in training <sec> american nicky hayden is doubtful for motogp testing in malaysia at the end of january .  hayden broke his left shoulder blade and suffered two fractured ribs in a training crash .  30-year-old ducati rider hayden won the motogp world championship in 200 .
 being a bridesmaid drained my bank account <sec> the two women bonded over work , apartments and boyfriends .  so when one got engaged , she asked the other to be a bridesmaid .  but plane fares , hotels , dresses and other costs began to add up .  writer says friend turned into bridezilla -- but she went along for one big da .
 aruban police question van der sloot again <sec> the two-hour interview takes place in the netherlands .  joran van der sloot again denies any role in natalee holloway 's disappearance .  says he was under the influence of marijuana when he was secretly videotaped .  footage shows van der sloot saying he was with holloway when she die .
 attack on cartoonist a threat to us all <sec> david frum says university attack on cartoonist lars vilks should worry everyone .  his talk was provocative , but more shocking was the crowd 's passivity as he was assaulted .  sweden , other european countries increasingly governed by unwritten rules , he says .  frum : trading social peace for unpunished attacks allows aggressive groups to dominat .
 russia admits financial mistakes <sec> russian has overspent vast oil revenues in recent years , finance minister says .  failure to diversify national economy also hampering economy .  crisis has set russian stock market back five years , kudrin say .
 seven-time champion schumacher to retire from f1 <sec> michael schumacher will retire from formula one at the end of the season .  the german will be replaced at mercedes by briton lewis hamilton .  schumacher initially retired in 2006 before coming back in 2010 .  2008 champion hamilton has denied his move to mercedes is motivated by mone .
 opinion : bet on obama to win shutdown fight <sec> paul begala asks which party is more united , mainstream and reasonable .  begala says that 's the way to see who 's winning shutdown , and democrats win .  he says majority of american voters do n't want to shut down the goverment over obamacare .  begala : obama should insist avoiding default is first priority before negotiatin .
 romney wins washington state caucuses <sec> new : state gop chairman says between 500 and 1,500 did not vote in kennewick city .  the win will give romney momentum going into super tuesday .  all the remaining gop candidates campaigned in washington recently .  40 delegates are at stak .
 spain orders review of nuclear power plants <sec> the decision was made in light of the crisis in japan .  spain 's prime minister says the review will make the plants even safer .  venezuela announced it 's halting plans for a nuclear plan .
 plane crash in honduras kills all 14 aboard <sec> all 12 passengers and 2 crew were killed .  three americans were among the victims .  the plane was preparing to land in tegucigalpa when it lost contac .
 as ruler , gadhafi sought world stage <sec> new : gadhafi `` destroyed every institution in the country , '' a former british envoy says .  new : the libyan strongman was `` completely out of touch '' when the arab spring erupted , an ex-adviser says .  new : he spent his final days `` hiding and running for his life , '' a former aide tells cnn .  the self-styled revolutionary sought rapprochement with the west before his people turned on hi .
 shoppers set to return to oregon mall days after fatal shooting <sec> new : three people died of single gunshots , a deputy medical examiner says .  on tuesday , a man killed two people and then himself , authorities say .  wounded teenager is still in serious condition .  shooting was `` out of character '' for roberts , the woman who raised him say .
 how ballot access laws hurt voters <sec> john avlon : rules on collecting signatures have left only 2 gop candidates on virginia ballot .  lack of uniform federal ballot access laws disenfranchises some primary voters , he says .  he says state party machines can set arbitrary rules that favor establishment candidates .  avlon : gingrich , perry , other gop candidates deserve names on the ballot if they 're runnin .
 bale scores on debut as real madrid draw at villarreal <sec> gareth bale scores on debut for new club real madrid in 2-2 draw with villarreal .  world 's most expensive footballer scores in the 38th minute of debut .  barcelona keep 100 % record in league with dramatic win over sevilla .  joint leaders atletico madrid also maintain perfect start with 4-2 win against almeri .
 ex-beatles , rolling stones manager allen klein dies <sec> allen klein , who inked contracts for dozens of musicians , dies at age 77 .  klein 's company , abkco , built up catalog of copyrights to more than 2,000 songs .  known for his tough negotiating style , many blame klein for the beatles ' break-u .
 long-awaited mladic war crimes trial opens wednesday <sec> bosnian serb ratko mladic 's lawyers sought to disqualify the presiding judge .  but the trial will open as scheduled wednesday .  ex-general was indicted on 11 counts of genocide , war crimes and crimes against humanity .  nearly 8,000 muslim men and boys were slaughtered in srebrenic .
 subject matters : science has an image problem <sec> science teachers struggle with a lack of materials for experiments .  some students have a hard time believing they 'll be good at science .  administrators often ask teachers to work with subject matter they 're not familiar with .  math and english education are emphasized , while science is left behind , teachers sa .
 car bomb outside coffee shop kills 2 , wounds 11 in baghdad <sec> the explosion happened saturday night , police say .  iraq 's interior ministry says 164 died in august ; cnn estimates over 270 deaths .  the ministry reported 325 deaths in jul .
 taking the kids : exploring an ancient culture in new mexico <sec> several thousand ancestral pueblo dwellings can be viewed at bandelier .  new mexico is home to 22 sovereign indian nations .  some pueblos offer tours and activitie .
 isis militants still pressing forward in iraq <sec> iranian ministry rejects claim that iran has sent troops to battle isis militants .  airstrikes kill 70 militants and wound 40 in tikrit , state tv reports .  bomb blasts hit baghdad neighborhoods and a sunni area north of the city .  sunni tribal leaders supporting militant push , saudi intelligence source say .
 why putin is dictating terms to kerry on ukraine <sec> john kerry 's state department failed to see the ukraine crisis coming , writes simon tisdall .  he evidently did not believe russia would be so audacious as to annex crimea , he says .  tisdall : ukraine has little choice but to seek an accommodation with russia .  unless kerry raises his game , the terms will be dictated by putin , writes tisdal .
 international musician : u.s. customs destroyed my instruments <sec> boujemaa razgui says his 13 flute-like instruments were destroyed at jfk international .  customs officials say they destroyed fresh bamboo but found no instruments .  razgui performs across the u.s. and around the world .  he was featured on beyonce and shakira 's song `` beautiful liar .
 uk police probe child sex abuse , 3 boys ' 'murder ' <sec> police are investigating the possible murder of three boys and claims of sexual abuse .  the abuse is believed to have taken place at locations in central london and elsewhere .  detective appeals for other boys , now men , who were abused to come forward .  the abuse allegations date back to the 1970s and 1980s , police sa .
 zimmerman 's relationship with police evolved , city files show <sec> two exchanges show a shift in george zimmerman 's relationship with police .  at a public meeting , he says police behavior was `` disgusting ' .  in a letter eight months later , he praises the department 's professionalism .  critics have expressed concerns about zimmerman 's connections with polic .
 why romney 's success reads as out-of-touch <sec> ilyse hogue : mitt romney says he 's attacked for being successful . .  not so , she says .  she says americans do celebrate others ' success , but do n't need to be taunted with it .  she says romney 's gaffes -- and tax policy -- show candidate who does n't `` get '' poor people .  hogue : many rich men have been president , but while privileged , behaved responsibl .
 usda : recalled beef may have reached 35 states <sec> rancho feeding corp. recalled 8.7 million pounds of meat .  usda had not received illness reports as of february statement .  nestle usa recalled some hot pockets products last mont .
 what hollande 's victory means for europe 's economy <sec> justin va誰sse : french president francois hollande avoided making big promises .  france 's debt is near 90 % of gdp , and the 2011 deficit was 5.2 % , says va誰sse .  hollande has to be fiscally responsible yet restore france 's competitiveness , va誰sse says .  va誰sse : europe must find a way to stimulate the economy without deepening the defici .
 mandela celebrates with will smith , 46,664 others <sec> celebrities , statesmen gather in london to celebrate mandela 's 90th birthday .  mandela at outdoor concert in his honor in london 's hyde park .  crowd of 46,664 sing `` happy birthday '' led by will smith .  performers include amy winehouse , queen , annie lennox , simple mind .
 colombian military used red cross emblem in rescue <sec> photos from miltary source show man wearing bib with red cross logo .  such misuse of symbol could be violation of geneva conventions .  expert says misuse of red cross emblem could endanger real aid workers .  colombia has denied using international symbols in its july 2 rescue rus .
 who are palestinian prisoners freed in swap deal ? <sec> release of palestinian prisoners in swap for israeli soldier elicits joy from relatives .  many israelis ask so many prisoners , many with violent pasts , should be freed .  some of them are convicted murderers , or plotted terror attacks against israe .
 fashion meets the future as garments go hi-tech <sec> fashion technology is beginning to enter the mainstream .  brands like burberry and ralph lauren are integrating new tech in stores and clothing .  wearables , including smart fabrics , are the future of this unconventional marriag .
 chicken , with a side of politics <sec> in wake of chick-fil-a coo 's comment , americans choose sides and politicize eating habits .  others prefer to avoid controversy or quietly agonize over whether to patronize chain .  many say views are secondary to the right to express them , even within lgbt communit .
 sharapova lands tokyo title as jankovic quits <sec> maria sharapova claims the toray pan pacific open title in tokyo .  unseeded russian beats jelena jankovic who retires with wrist injury in first set .  venus williams wins first round match at china open in beijin .
 kuwait government resigns <sec> new : prime minister accuses some members of parliament of sowing disunity .  prime minister says some members of parliament made progress impossible .  protesters have demanded his resignatio .
 australian open : vomit , melting bottles and 'frying pan ' in melbourne <sec> temperatures rise to 107.96 degrees fahrenheit at the australian open .  defending champions victoria azarenka says playing on court is like `` dancing in a frying pan '' .  caroline wozniacki claims her drinks bottle melted while she was playing .  china 's peng shuai suffered cramps and vomited during her matc .
 review : 'pearl jam twenty ' soundtrack <sec> the soundtrack to the film is for those hardcore fans .  there 's no `` jeremy , '' `` daughter '' or `` even flow '' here .  the emotional high point may be `` crown of thorns , '' from a gig in 200 .
 snakes on the loose at chinese university <sec> dozens of snakes let loose on chinese university campus .  animal control experts capture 40 live snakes , 60 dead ones .  expert says snakes are not poisonous and suspects they were released deliberatel .
 yards separated planes in near miss at newark airport , ntsb says <sec> a united airlines flight landing at newark airport nearly hit a plane waiting to take off .  the boeing 737 was 135 yards away vertically , 50 yards away laterally , ntsb says .  the aircraft were operating on intersecting runways during the april inciden .
 'the sims 4 ' and other games to watch <sec> here are 5 games to watch from the recent gamescom show .  `` fighter within '' uses xbox kinect 's motion-control technology to help gamers fight .  characters in `` the sims 4 '' feel more life-like than ever before .  `` the order '' provides an alternate vision of victorian-era londo .
 3 young wonders changing the world <sec> three young people were honored this year as cnn heroes .  blair brettschneider is helping young refugees adapt to their new life in the united states .  yash gupta collects used eyeglasses and donates them to children in need .  nicholas lowinger started a group that gives new shoes to homeless childre .
 anger mounts over gas price hike in bolivia <sec> the price of gasoline has risen 73 percent .  transit workers have called for an indefinite national strike .  the government says the increase is partly because fuel was being sold illegally elsewhere .  many now question morales ' commitment to the peopl .
 iraq : bp , chinese win lucrative oil contract <sec> iraq awards lucrative oil contract to bp , china national petroleum corporation .  the joint bp-cnpc bid was for the giant al-rumeila oil field .  energy companies expected to increase production at the field by 50 percen .
 grand inga : will 'world 's biggest ' hydro power project light up africa ? <sec> dr congo moving ahead with plans to build the world 's biggest hydroelectric project .  when complete , grand inga could have a massive capacity of 40,000 megawatts .  project construction will begin in october 2015 .  but critics argue that the project will only serve the mining firms and not benefit the rural poo .
 why flight attendants want to pull the chute <sec> elliot hester says he gets why slater blew up , made dangerous emergency chute exit .  he says he 's faced similar situations with passengers who think rules do n't apply to them .  but airline rules are uneven , he says , and attendants have no power to enforce them .  hester : airlines should have uniform code that begins at check-in , ends at baggage clai .
 iraqi militias use food as recruiting tool , report says <sec> humanitarian group says shiite , sunni militias recruiting displaced iraqis .  muqtada al-sadr 's group using hezbollah as model , report claims .  united states , iraq , global community not doing enough for displaced , report add .
 lavezzi double lifts napoli to victory <sec> udinese stay fifth in italy 's serie a after suffering a 3-1 defeat away to napoli .  ezequiel lavezzi scored twice in two second-half minutes to end goal drought .  both teams were reduced to 10 men , with one player sent off in each half .  fabrizio miccoli scores only goal to give palermo a 1-0 victory over livorn .
 the netherlands : a nation under water <sec> the netherlands is suffering a housing crash that has left many in negative equity spiral .  the country is the eurozone 's fifth largest economy and made up of prudent savers .  but the housing boom has left the dutch the most indebted people in europe .  the netherlands ' predicament is an example of the pitfalls of `` slump-then-save '' mentalit .
 mother , aclu sue border patrol over son 's shooting <sec> aclu : shooting jose antonio elena rodriguez was `` brazen and lawless '' .  the border patrol has said the shooting was in response to rocks thrown .  a lawsuit filed on behalf of the 16-year-old 's mother asks for damages .  grandmother : `` we want to know who ... killed him , because they are criminals .
 dennis rodman teammate charles smith : north korea did n't pay us <sec> new : smith says players were n't acting as political liaisons .  players were `` absolutely '' not paid by the north koreans , charles smith tells cnn .  in 30-minute interview he says he felt for dennis rodman , who put a lot of pressure on himself .  smith says he did n't know the date of the contest was the birthday of north korea 's leade .
 california hiker found alive four days after calling for help <sec> new : rescuer says kyndall jack , 18 , yelled out to him before he finally spotted her .  new : she was dehydrated , in pain and `` going in and out of consciousness '' .  she is found in southern california 's trabuco canyon , having set off for an easter hike .  her hiking companion was rescued alive wednesday nigh .
 sentenced as teen , convicted rapist appeals to highest court <sec> convicted for a crime committed at 13 , joe sullivan appeals to supreme court .  he is serving life without parole for burglary and the rape of a 72-year-old woman .  defense attorneys say punishment for sullivan , now 33 , was too harsh .  the supreme court is expected to decide monday if it will hear the cas .
