 mexican coastal highway collapses <sec> road is a coastal highway that runs between tijuana and ensenada .  driver escapes before cement truck rolls into the ocean .  officials do n't know why road collapse .
 reports : 14 people missing after cargo ship sinks <sec> reports : 14 crew missing after ship capsizes in egyptian waters .  9 survivors , 2 bodies recovered from cypriot-flagged ibn battuta cargo ship .  vessel carrying 6,500 tons of sand for use in the glass industry .  the ship had experienced bad weather in the red se .
 her life over at 8 , slain girl is remembered <sec> new : photo montage shown at service for sandra at a high school in tracy .  girl , 8 , disappeared march 27 ; her body was found in suitcase on april 6 .  police arrested melissa huckaby , 28 , and charged her with killing and raping sandra .  if convicted , huckaby faces the death penalty or life in prison without parol .
 free music , movies for u.s. troops serving overseas <sec> kaylee radzyminski , a 2008 cnn hero , is still shipping cds and dvds to u.s. troops .  her nonprofit , tunes 4 the troops , is about to send its 1 millionth disc overseas .  the group is run out of tennessee tech university , the school radzyminski attends .  radzyminski says she 'll soon be a soldier herself ; she 's on an army rotc scholarshi .
 nation 's largest teachers union endorses obama re-election <sec> the national education association makes its choice a year earlier than usual .  vice president biden spoke to the group the day before its vote .  the nea represents 3.2 million teachers and administrator .
 transatlantic flight nears supersonic speeds <sec> a british airways flight makes new york - london in record time .  plane hitches a ride on powerful jetstream , reducing flight time by an hour and a half .  boeing 777-200 hits speeds of 745 mph , just shy of the speed of soun .
 ainslie captures fourth successive olympic gold medal <sec> britain 's ben ainslie takes his fourth successive sailing gold in the finn class .  ainslie finishes ahead of denmark 's jonas hogh-christensen in final medal race .  the 35-year-old becomes the sport 's most decorated sailor with a haul of five medals .  sweden 's max salminen and fredrik loof win the star gold meda .
 swearing off bad language : russia bans cussing in films , books , music <sec> putin signs off on new law banning swearing in music , film and books .  under the law , individuals and businesses can be fined for using foul language .  it covers live arts and entertainment performances , including plays and concerts .  new films containing swear words wo n't get a distribution certificat .
 michigan autistic girl recovering after alleged murder attempt <sec> isabelle stapleton , 14 , was found with her mother in a car with charcoal grills burning .  authorities say the mother was trying to kill both the autistic girl and herself .  the mother had blogged that she was suffering `` a severe case of battle fatigue .
 10 of the world 's coolest underground wonders <sec> explore the inner chamber of iceland 's thrihnukagigur volcano .  visitors to brazil 's poço encantado lake can see more than 200 feet to the bottom .  some of the world 's largest natural crystals can be found in mexic .
 louisiana barge workers find wreck ; 5 boaters dead <sec> 5 killed after boat hits barge wednesday night in falgout canal in louisiana .  bodies discovered thursday morning by people arriving on barge for work .  victims ' boat was partially submerged under the barge ; barge was slightly damaged .  victims last seen wednesday night leaving dulac , louisiana-area for bayou dularg .
 nato chief urges russia to pull its troops from ukraine border <sec> nato 's secretary general says russia should de-escalate border buildup .  nato releases more photos that it says shows buildup to rebut russia 's denials .  destroyer uss donald cook enters the black sea .  russia has no plans to annex southeastern ukraine , the country 's foreign minister say .
 adam scott ends years of pain for australian golf at masters <sec> the 32-year-old self-effacing golf champion has become a national hero in australia .  born in adelaide in 1980 , scott showed early promise as a professional golfer .  his father , also a golf professional , perfected his easy and straightforward swing .  scott 's victory is seen as avenging australian golfing great greg norman 's defeat in 199 .
 what happens if i embellish my salary history ? <sec> lying about your salary history on a job application can be a serious transgression .  a salary is a finite , concrete numbers that can be verified through a w2 , 1099 or tax return .  there are plenty of ways to get the salary you deserve without lying on a job applicatio .
 mexican official : driver in wreck that killed tourists intoxicated <sec> new : tractor-trailer driver , 21 , was intoxicated , official says .  18-wheeler swerved into oncoming traffic , official says ; side of bus sheared off .  death toll at 12 : eight from u.s. , three from canada , and bus driver , from mexico .  victim 's daughter in iowa says consulate called at 1:30 a.m. with word of cras .
 nine killed in clashes between army , islamist group in benghazi , libya <sec> new : clashes that erupted sunday night in eastern benghazi continue into monday .  government is engaging fighters from ansar al-sharia , which the u.s. says attacked its consulate .  `` this is really the heaviest fighting '' since the revolution , a resident says .  a libyan military official says forces are responding after an attack on army member .
 triathlon training : 5 lessons cnn fit nation learned <sec> cnn fit nation team is in malibu , california , to race their first triathlon .  the group reflects on some of the lessons they 've learned during training .  these lessons apply to all areas of their lives -- and can help you , to .
 muirfield makes course changes for 2013 british open <sec> muirfield increases total yardage for golf 's big-hitters at the 2013 british open .  big changes at the ninth hole include moving the tee and adding a bunker .  there have also been changes to the greenside bunkering to trap balls easier .  the scottish course has lifted its mobile phone ban for the ope .
 cleric abu hamza al-masri sentenced to life in prison <sec> radical islamic cleric abu hamza al-masri was convicted of supporting al qaeda and taliban terrorists .  al-masri was sentenced to life in prison by a federal judge in new york .  judge katherine forrest tells al-masri , `` i do n't believe the world would be safe with you in 10 years , 15 years or longer .
 texas da killing investigation reopens window on 2012 trial <sec> authorities have not named former kaufman county official a suspect in da 's death .  eric williams was arrested over the weekend after a search of his home .  another search at a storage locker turned up guns , vehicle , cnn affiliates report .  da mike mclelland and his wife died last month , two months after assistant da 's killin .
 'd.c . five ' appear in court in pakistan <sec> five terror suspects -- from virginia -- submit written statements to court .  five arrested in december , accused of poltting attacks in pakistan .  defense says terror charges they face are `` fake and baseless .
 pakistani suspects in stoning death to go to terrorism court <sec> farzana parveen , 25 , was fatally beaten with bricks .  she was killed in lahore because she married a man against her family 's wishes .  woman 's father , two cousins , an uncle and a driver are being hel .
 spain beat germany to book first ever world cup final slot <sec> spain beat germany 1-0 to reach the world cup final .  carles puyol scores the only goal as spain win 1-0 .  spain will face netherlands in sunday 's fina .
 voters ' choice : less death , more love ? <sec> voters in california will decide on death penalty and those in minnesota on gay marriage .  mark osler : each is significant because it could represent a turning point in history .  osler : let 's see if californians and minnesotans choose less death and more lov .
 flying without an id is coming to a controversial end <sec> current tsa policy allows passengers to fly without an id .  new policy effective june 21 will require passengers to show ids .  privacy advocates say the new policy violates the u.s. constitution .  tsa says it is `` comfortable '' the new policy can withstand a legal challeng .
 fbi : three men attempted to join isis <sec> fbi foils alleged plot by two men to join isis ; a third allegedly helped finance the journey .  suspects talked about carrying out attacks in the united states , complaint say .
 illinois , ohio take up medical marijuana laws <sec> illinois gov . .  pat quinn has not indicated whether he will sign the bill .  under the proposed law , the state would establish 60 dispensing centers .  if approved , doctors would prescribe 2.5 ounces to a patient every two weeks .  in ohio , the attorney general certified a petition for a proposed marijuana amendmen .
 man once called the 'revenge porn king ' indicted <sec> moore was arrested thursday .  he is accused of posting hundreds of nude photos without permission .  moore is accused of paying another man to hack into alleged victim 's accounts .  `` i do n't know how you can point your finger at me , '' moore once told a woman .
 interior minister named saudi arabia 's new crown prince <sec> new : other princes were told , by the king , to pledge allegiance to nayef , state media says .  new : besides being crown prince , nayef also will be deputy premier and interior minister .  a leaked u.s. embassy cable described nayef as a `` hard-line conservative '' .  the previous crown prince died saturday in new yor .
 gulf coast beaches update <sec> oil affects sections of pensacola beach and perdido key beaches .  some waters closed to swimming because of emulsified oil along the shoreline .  all of florida 's beaches are still open , including tourist hot spots panama city and destin .  health officials have issued advisory against swimming in alabama gulf water .
 preliminary results indicate chemical weapons not used in syria <sec> the opposition blames the government for killing the cleric who supported it .  the united nations is launching an investigation into the claims at the behest of syria .  the syrian government is accusing rebels of using chemical weapons in an attack .  rebels say the syrian government used such weapons on its own peopl .
 hillary clinton faints , has concussion <sec> the concussion as not severe , an official says .  rep. ros-lehtinen says it 's `` unfortunate '' clinton wo n't be testifying .  the secretary had been suffering from a stomach virus .  clinton will work from home next wee .
 california patient tests negative for ebola virus <sec> tests confirm a patient isolated in a sacramento hospital is not infected with ebola .  the patient , who has not been identified , had recently traveled to west africa .  health authorities said the testing was done out of an abundance of caution .  two americans infected while working with ebola patients in liberia have recovere .
 reeva steenkamp 's cousin urges prison for pistorius <sec> oscar pistorius should `` pay for what he has done , '' says reeva steenkamp 's cousin .  steenkamp family is not seeking revenge , she says , but believes punishment should fit the crime .  head of correctional services says prison system can handle disabled prisoners .  pistorius ' sentence will be decided by judge thokozile masipa at the end of the hearin .
 washington slaying suspect believed hiding in fortified bunker <sec> suspect believed to have no previous criminal record .  he has indicated he believed the world was going to end , officials say .  peter keller is suspected of killing his wife and daughter .  the structure was built in a hillside east of seattl .
 'ufo strike ' has uk in a lather over e.t . <sec> british tabloid blames ufo for destroying wind turbine blade .  newspaper quotes locals saying there were `` strange lights '' in the sky .  second newspaper says lights were fireworks from staff member 's family celebratio .
 exchange student indicted in attempted bombing of federal reserve bank <sec> new : the indictment accuses nafis of trying to provide explosives to al qaeda .  quazi mohammad rezwanul ahsan nafis is a bangladeshi national .  he is accused of trying to bomb the federal reserve bank in new york city .  he enrolled in a missouri college as a pretext for his alleged bombing plot , authorities charg .
 u.s.-mexico 'war on drugs ' a failure <sec> charles bowden : 5,000 killed in juarez in 27 months , one of most violent cities on earth .  bowden : innocents die in crossfire among cartels , army , police .  he says drug trade is a source of money for the mexican economy .  bowden : u.s. must face nafta 's failures and the lethal results of `` war on drugs .
 5 moments we 'll remember from thursday at the winter olympics <sec> canada comeback caps another gold medal run in women 's ice hockey .  three days remain but you ca n't blame ukrainian athletes for wanting to leave now .  french medal count lifted by ski cross sweep .  canada and curling were a perfect combination thanks to jennifer jone .
 rescue ships come to aid of disabled freighter off alaska <sec> new : weather conditions improve .  the freighter suffered engine loss off the aleutian islands .  rescue aircraft and vessels are assisting the crew .  a coast guard cutter and towing vessel race to the scen .
 'aimee day ' milestone arrives for georgia woman fighting flesh-eating bacteria <sec> aimee copeland was diagnosed with necrotizing fasciitis earlier this month .  she 's had her hands , leg , part of her abdomen and her remaining foot amputated .  her father was looking forward to `` aimee day , '' when his daughter would talk agai .
 clinton slams florida pastor for 'disgraceful ' plans <sec> hillary clinton calls a florida pastor 's plans to burn the quran `` distressful '' and `` disgraceful '' .  she warns that fiscal irresponsibility harms u.s. security .  clinton urges senate passage of the start nuclear arms reduction treaty .  clinton says sanctions against iran are starting to take hol .
 bloomberg signs his last 22 bills ; one regulates e-cigarette use <sec> michael bloomberg signs his last 22 bills as new york city mayor .  one of those bills adds e-cigarettes to the city 's smoking ban .  a pro-smoking lobbyist lights up at a meeting in objection to the bill .  mayor also signs bill that could lead to banning expanded polystyrene foa .
 land rights , not land grabs , can help africa feed itself <sec> g8 leaders under pressure to tackle food security , says mark bowman .  national and international action is needed to stop land grabs , he says .  but africa needs both large-scale commercial farming and smallholders , he adds .  bowman calls for `` a fair and enforceable system '' of land right .
 hunt ends with sea shepherd rescuing alleged poachers <sec> sea shepherd rescues the crew of an alleged poaching ship it had chased for 110 days .  the conservationist group had pursued the vessel since it was found illegally fishing off antarctica , it says .  sea shepherd captain tells cnn he believes the ship was deliberately sunk to destroy evidenc .
 south korean city to host 2018 winter olympics <sec> new : pyeongchang , south korea is chosen for the 2018 winter olympics .  france has hosted three editions of the winter games .  south korea has never hosted the winter games .  munich was trying to become the first city to host both the summer and winter olympic .
 chick-fil-a executive dies <sec> don perry was the vice president of public relations for the fast-food chain .  he started at the company in 198 .
 opinion : rwanda the key to congo 's peace <sec> authors : unless root causes are addressed , violence will intensify in congo .  they say the key is to focus on rwanda 's role in the war .  agreement that involves rwanda would go far to bring peace , aid economies , they sa .
 leanna harris says she 's a victim in hot car death <sec> lawyer shares victim impact statement in hot car death case .  leanna harris laments `` rush to judgment '' over her son 's death .  justin ross harris is charged with murder and child cruelty charge .
 'the bachelorette ' andi dorfman makes her choice <sec> dorfman had to choose between josh murray and nick viall .  she broke one 's heart before the actual ceremony .  there is speculation about the next `` bachelor .
 cnn student news transcript - january 27 , 2012 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the weekly newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of stories covered on cnn student new .
 30 die as indigenous protesters , police clash in peru <sec> violence flares as police attempt to break up a roadblock .  government declares state of emergency in remote northern area .  indigenous people protest what they call the exploitation of their native lands .  peruvian president says land belongs to all the people of the countr .
 opinion : what 's behind timing of terror threat <sec> bergen , cahall : u.s. issued global travel alert , 21 embassies , consulates close aug. 4 .  that day is ramadan 'night of power , ' also seen by al qaeda as good night for martyrdom .  they say night of power has brought earlier terror attacks ; embassies a favored target .  writers : target may be egypt , where earlier attack aimed ; jailbreaks may also be facto .
 giant robotic king kong storms the stage <sec> giant marionette/animatronic king kong takes to stage in melbourne-based musical .  puppet created by same company who created walking with dinosaurs arena tour .  merian c. cooper 's classic 1993 adventure adapted for stage with a six-meter tall kong .  team of puppeteers on and off stage control kong 's movement .
 espn 's stuart scott inspired those battling cancer <sec> stuart scott dies sunday after a lengthy battle with cancer .  he was seen as an inspiration by many .  a speech he gave last year showed his motivation for fightin .
 obama takes plunge , swims in gulf <sec> new : president obama and daughter sasha took a swim in the gulf of mexico on saturday .  white house released a photo of the swim on its flickr page .  obama had said he would swim on sunday with press corps present .  event is meant as a gesture showing that the gulf coast is open for busines .
 massa has surgery after freak hungary crash <sec> felipe massa suffers high-speed crash in qualifying for hungarian grand prix .  massa was hit in the helmet by debris from the brawn gp of rubens barrichello .  brazilian has emergency surgery after damaging his skull in the accident .  fernando alonso took pole when final qualifying resumes at the hungarorin .
 witness to libyan prison massacre seeks justice for victims <sec> hussein shafei says he witnessed the 1996 killings of 1,200 prisoners at abu salim .  the libyan government has never acknowledged a crime .  after his release , shafei spoke to human rights watch about the carnage .  the incident served as a trigger for the revolt against moammar gadhaf .
 usa cancels 'psych , ' series ends next month <sec> usa 's `` psych '' will end with its current eighth season .  the series finale will air on march 26 .  it will be followed by a one-hour q & a with `` psych 's '' cast and creato .
 researchers identify new strain of hiv derived from gorillas <sec> strain is the first known to be derived from gorillas .  62-year-old woman who moved to paris from cameroon found to have rbf 168 .  likely explanation for emergence of new virus is gorilla-to-human transmissio .
 deadly blazes : nightclub tragedies in recent history <sec> a massive fire at the kiss nightclub in southern brazil killed more than 200 people on sunday .  nightclub infernos have claimed hundreds of lives over the years .  in 2009 fireworks triggered a fire and panic at a nightclub in perm , russia , killing 156 peopl .
 senegal 's scenic island exposes horrors of slave trade <sec> the charming senegalese island of goree hides a brutal history of slave trade . .  senegalese government kept an old slave house as a museum for people to see the history .  the house of slaves highlights the appalling conditions africans experienced .  the house keeps the history of human being , not only for africans , says the curato .
 legendary singer joan baez says she 's finally happy <sec> joan baez has new album , `` day after tomorrow , '' produced by steve earle .  baez says causes generate energy , do n't leave her wrung out .  singer says she was unhappy in 20s and 30s , only recently has no stage frigh .
 new jersey man found guilty in school yard execution-style killings <sec> alexander alfaro convicted of murder , felony murder , robbery , other charges .  alfaro is the third person found guilty in the killings of three men .  three other defendants have yet to go to trial .  prosecutor : `` i hope that this verdict will give some small degree of solace to the families .
