 plane 's emergency landing at mall stuns shoppers <sec> plane carrying two people lands in parking lot of new jersey shopping mall .  no one injured , rockaway township official says .  pilot reported engine trouble before landing , faa spokeswoman says .  mall worker says she thought landing was a joke when she first heard about i .
 u.s. defense secretary notes 'enhanced ' capabilities amid mideast unrest <sec> u.s. defense secretary leon panetta talks to reporters en route to asia .  he says recent events reinforce the need for a strong military presence in the mideast .  u.s. military capabilities in the region have been `` enhanced '' in recent days , he says .  panetta praises libyan officials ' `` strong effort '' in response to a deadly attac .
 chile seeks arrests for alleged human rights violations <sec> arrest warrants for more than 120 former soldiers and agents issued tuesday .  warrants for alleged human rights violations during rule of augusto pinochet .  pinochet dictatorship ruled from 1973-1990 .  2,300 people disappeared during pinochet 's rule , say government report .
 the unlikely star of sxsw : grumpy cat <sec> viral web sensation `` grumpy cat '' is the star of south by southwest .  really named tartar sauce , the cat caught the web 's attention on reddit .  lines at the festival have stretched three blocks to see , pose with grumpy ca .
 threat of disease from historic flooding looms in thailand <sec> 2 million people are affected by the flooding , a u.s. diplomat to thailand says .  bangkok resident : water in outlying areas has `` sewage , garbage and dead animals '' .  relief agency : places outside bangkok cut off from supplies endure a humanitarian crisis .  charities working in the country warn about diarrhea , dengue fever and malaria in the coming week .
 ferrari gives bianchi a test run in raikkonen 's absence <sec> jules bianchi given run by ferrari at testing session in britain .  frenchman drives for marussia but is part of ferrari academy .  kimi raikkonen was rested following high-speed crash on sunday .  finn has struggled since rejoining the italian team this yea .
 hong kong may provide answers to disease threat <sec> hong kong at center of recent infections that threatened to spiral across world .  first human cases of avian influenza reported in 1997 , sars identified in 2003 .  disease expert : managing a ( potential ) pandemic ca n't be from the top down .  lack of good communication during sars outbreak was a key failin .
 'mind the gap ' : tottenham on fast track to success <sec> tottenham wins derby match against arsenal 2-1 sunday .  gareth bale has now scored 20 goals for spurs so far this season .  inter milan fights back to win 3-2 at catania in serie a .  bayern munich wins again to stay 17 points clear at summi .
 sources : israeli killed by sniper ; girl in gaza killed in airstrike <sec> new : israeli citizen killed by gaza sniper was a bedouin muslim , israeli military says .  salah shukri abu latyef was working on border fence when he was shot , israeli military says .  girl in gaza killed in israeli airstrike , hamas security sources say .  israeli prime minister 's office calls it a `` very severe incident .
 fresh evacuations as southern arizona fire jumps highway , canyon <sec> new : a fire spokesman said sunday was a `` hard day '' in southern arizona .  the monument fire jumps highway 92 and carr canyon , heading east .  power remains out in parts of eastern arizona due to the wallow fire .  firefighters have been stymied by strong winds , high temperatures and low humidit .
 new delhi airport gets security scare <sec> new : `` there 's no cause of panic , '' says new delhi police spokesman .  security raised at all the nation 's airports amid intelligence on terrorist activity .  press trust of india : reports suggest possible strike on december 6 .  india 's top military officials discuss country 's security plan .
 hawaii makes history as incumbent governor loses race <sec> an incumbent hawaii governor never had lost a primary before .  then came saturday , and gov . .  neil abercrombie lost to his challenger : state sen. david ige .  incumbent sen. brian schatz and his challenger are only 11 votes apart -- too close to call .  local newspaper reports that no incumbent u.s. senator from hawaii has ever lost an electio .
 using music to fight ebola in liberia <sec> the ebola virus has killed more than 2,400 people in liberia .  unicef and local musicians created a popular song with a health message .  lyrics include `` ebola is real , it 's time to protect yourself '' .  a john hopkins group is also using entertainment for health educatio .
 herd in d.c. : goats at the cemetery <sec> more than two dozen goats eating overgrown plants , grasses around historic dc cemetery .  goats are an environmentally friendly alternative to mowers , pesticides , weed whackers .  money saving technique not new in washington ; sheep once grazed at white hous .
 amtrak train collides with big rig ; 30 hurt <sec> new:169 passengers and four crew members were on the southbound train , amtrak says .  `` a big rig and an amtrak train ... collided , '' a sheriff 's spokesman says .  11 people suffered moderate injuries , while 19 have minor injuries , an ems official says .  `` it was a fairly high speed collision , '' an official say .
 footballer turns lifesaver in ukraine <sec> a player in the ukrainian premier league thinks fast to save his opponent .  jaba kankava pulled oleh husyev 's tongue out of his throat after he had been knocked unconscious .  the incident occurred during sunday 's match between dinamo kiev and dnipro dnipropetrovsk .  husyev was kept in hospital overnight after suffering multiple injurie .
 obama taps petraeus to replace mcchrystal <sec> president taps gen. david petraeus to replace gen. stanley mcchrystal in afghanistan .  petraeus was the architect of the `` surge '' of u.s. forces in iraq .  he recently said the trajectory in afghanistan `` has generally been upward '' .  he oversaw the drafting of the army/marine corps counterinsurgency field manua .
 nidal hasan 's beard shaved off at fort leavenworth prison <sec> nidal hasan is facing the death penalty for fort hood shootings .  he grew a beard , saying it was because of his muslim beliefs .  beard does not conform to army regulations , so was shave .
 afghanistan 's bamiyan province struggles to build tourism <sec> bamiyan is one of the safest parts of afghanistan .  since the overthrow of the taliban in 2001 , hotels have opened in the region .  colossal buddha statues destroyed by the taliban once towered over the valley .  stunning terrain and a cave network of monasteries draw tourist .
 obama : iran more than a year away from developing nuclear weapon <sec> new : obama says reports of tense relationship with israeli leader netanyahu are overblown .  new : the president says a two-state solution is the answer for israeli security .  new : obama says he has no immediate plans of releasing convicted spy jonathan pollard .  obama says he 's been 'crystal clear ' on iran 's possession of a nuclear weapo .
 boy scouts feel a mother 's wrath <sec> an ohio mother who is gay has been kicked out as a cub scout den mother .  lz granderson says she was a model leader , admired by scouts and parents .  he asks why her sexual orientation is an issue for the boy scout .
 solar tsunami data will predict earth havoc <sec> nasa says new data will enable scientists to map solar tsunamis in 3d .  solar ejections can wreak havoc on earth , causing power and radio blackouts .  new data could help predict what effects the phenomena will have , nasa say .
 opinion : what happened to sterling was morally wrong <sec> marc j. randazza : donald sterling 's first amendment rights were n't violated in scandal .  government is n't punishing speech , he says , but sterling 's ideas failed in marketplace .  he says problem was recording of sterling may have been illegal , leaking it morally wrong .  randazza : this could happen to any of our private conversations today and it 's chillin .
 arsonist gets death penalty for murders of 5 firefighters <sec> raymond oyler formally handed death sentence for five firefighter deaths .  jury convicted oyler of five counts of first-degree murder , 11 counts of arson .  2006 fire outside los angeles , california , killed the five firefighters .  esperanza fire destroyed 34 homes in twin pines area outside los angele .
 ex-farc hostage : rebels 'do n't recognize humanity ' <sec> former farc captives talk to cnn a week after they were freed .  one keeps a lock that held the chain that was placed around his neck at night .  another has a cardboard chess set that he carved as a hostage .  farc captured the u.s. government contractors hostage in february 200 .
 facebook 's sheryl sandberg suddenly in crossfire <sec> facebook coo sheryl sandberg 's first book , `` lean in , '' is out monday .  book deals with working-women 'd issues , has put sandberg under fire .  sandberg was always a high achiever , whether in school , government or business .  will book change dialogue on workplace issues ? .  or is sandberg an outlier .
 red cross : eight aid workers abducted in drc <sec> armed group in democratic republic of congo kidnaps 8 red cross staffers .  aid group says seven congolese and swiss delegate among group being held .  ethnic clashes in south kivu , related to '94 rwanda genocide , have displaced civilian .
 springsteen sidekick , sax man clarence clemons dies <sec> bruce springsteen : `` his loss is immeasurable '' .  clemons died at age 69 at a florida hospital , a week after suffering a stroke .  the saxophonist 's influence can be heard on springsteen 's `` born to run '' .  clemons last public performance was in may when he took the stage with lady gag .
 hockey great gordie howe suffers a stroke <sec> gordie howe was a six-time most valuable player in the nhl .  he had a stroke that has affected him on his right side .  howe scored 975 goals in his professional hockey career .  he is known as `` mr. hockey .
 kentucky postal worker jailed for stashing 44,900 pieces of mail <sec> worker brent morse guilty of `` destroying , hiding and delaying '' mail .  majority of the mail was meant for around 250 homes in dawson springs .  the usps has since delivered the recovered mai .
 get happy in the world 's happiest countries <sec> march 20 is the united nations-designated international day of happiness .  try visiting some of the happiest countries to catch a bit of their spirit .  the danish spirit of 'hygge '' may take over your visi .
 opinion : why mudslide disaster did n't have to happen <sec> daniel miller predicted possible catastrophic mudslide in washington 15 years ago .  miller : engineers tried to shore up site and offered to buy out homeowners in danger .  miller : despite warnings , construction went on ; some did n't realize there was a risk .  he says assessments of danger should be readily available to potential homeowner .
 china , philippines locked in naval standoff <sec> the philippines sends a naval vessel to a lagoon in the south china sea .  it says chinese fishing boats in the lagoon had illegally collected corals and fish .  chinese surveillance ships arrive at the scene and block the entry to the lagoon .  both countries claim the area is `` an integral part '' of their territor .
 serena off to a flyer in 2013 with brisbane title : murray into men 's final <sec> serena williams claims brisbane international title .  straight sets demolition of anastasia pavlyuchenkova 6-2 6-1 .  serena aiming for 16th grand slam title at australian open .  defending champion andy murray into men 's final sunday on gold coas .
 treasury freezes u.s. assets of farc members <sec> treasury department targets members of colombia rebel group .  the group , known as farc , has been deemed a narco-terrorist organization .  action also prohibits americans from doing business with far .
 dennis hopper attends hollywood walk of fame ceremony <sec> hopper is dying of prostate cancer , say documents in divorce case .  he is too ill to testify , but doctor recommended he appear at star ceremony .  starz cable network pays for hopper 's star on hollywood boulevar .
 brazilian man says he killed dozens of women <sec> police : a man arrested on suspicion of a killing confesses to dozens more .  sailson jose das gracas tells a tv station that he 's been killing for a decade .  `` when i did n't kill , i would get nervous , '' he says .  rio de janeiro police say they have set up special teams to investigate the claim .
 best of sri lanka in three minutes <sec> a team of wedding cinematographers on a two-week trip have produced a stunning video of sri lanka .  dancers , festivals , tea plantations and elephants are featured .  the video 's cliff jumper earns a living performing frightening feats for tourist .
 opinion : ukraine believes in herself <sec> pro-russian protesters are calling for independence in eastern ukrainian cities .  robert gamble : vladimir putin thinks russia is the parent and ukraine is a child .  he says ukraine is n't interested in hearing that narrative any more .  gamble : in ukraine , russians and ukrainians have lived peacefully until no .
 germany coach low signs extension <sec> germany coach joachim low has signed a two-year contract extension .  team manager oliver bierhoff has also agreed to stay on for a further two years .  low guided germany to third place at the world cup in south africa .  he will have the task of helping germany qualify for euro 2012 in poland and ukrain .
 fast food puts med diet on 'endangered list ' <sec> mediterranean diet has declined into a `` moribund state '' according to the u.n . .  fat consumption has increased markedly in mediterranean countries .  italy , spain , greece and morocco want med diet to gain unesco statu .
 pakistan 's security chief killed by suicide attacker <sec> suicide bomber kills pakistan president 's security chief .  police : bomber approached security chief 's car on foot and set off bomb .  driver and fruit stall vendor died in the blast , police superintendent sai .
 first gorilla genome map offers clues to human evolution <sec> scientists have completed the dna map of an african western lowland gorilla .  research hopes to shed light on human evolution and biology .  western lowland gorilla population estimated to be 100-200,000 individuals in the wil .
 americans wary of futuristic science , tech <sec> survey : many americans are wary of futuristic tech advancements .  drones , robot nurses and always-on devices concern people .  but 59 % still think tech developments will make future life better .  nearly 1 in 10 say they 'd most like to be able to time trave .
 new hampshire teen missing 9 months is home <sec> fifteen-year-old abigail hernandez had been missing since october .  after her disappearance , officials feared she might have been abducted .  she was safely reunited with her family sunday night .  neither the teen 's family nor authorities gave details monday about her disappearanc .
 single ticket wins $ 255 million british lottery draw <sec> lottery officials do n't say if a winner has come forward .  if a single person won it , he or she instantly becomes about as rich as david and victoria beckha .
 steve jobs may appear on u.s. postage stamp <sec> apple co-founder steve jobs may appear on a u.s. postage stamp in 2015 .  his name appeared on a list of approved stamp subjects .  others on the list : michael jackson , jimi hendrix , john lennon , elizabeth taylor .  postal service representative says list is still subject to chang .
 google 's got a new way to surf the internet , hawaiian style <sec> google search terms now available in hawaiian .  keola donaghy spent 100 hours translating for `` google in your language '' program .  hawaiian is considered a `` critically endangered '' language by the u.n . .  it is the only native american language available in google search preference .
 what stands in a storm : when the winds died down <sec> author rick bragg is used to covering disasters , but never expected one so close to home .  in april , the most devastating tornado in alabama history cut a swath through tuscaloosa .  read more tales of survival and watch the documentary on southernliving.co .
 tsa expanding program to speed security lines <sec> the precheck program requires fingerprints and a background check .  more travelers can enroll online later this year .  tsa , airlines have for years sought to balance security with passenger convenience .  several airlines , including delta , american , united , and southwest participatin .
 muslims observe day of prayer in washington <sec> new : speaker calls u.s. `` one of the best places in the world to live '' .  prayer event sought to inspire muslims and all americans , one organizer says .  event drew protesters , criticism from christian leader , `` very nasty e-mails .
 england cruise in switzerland ; portugal humbled by norway <sec> wayne rooney scores as england beat switzerland 3-1 in euro 2012 qualifying .  managerless portugal lose 1-0 to norway as their poor start continues .  france bounce back from defeat to belarus by winning 2-0 in bosnia-herzegovina .  miroslav klose scores twice as germany beat azerbaijan 6- .
 'avengers 2 ' title revealed , plus 'captain america ' and 'thor ' sequels <sec> joss whedon announced the title to 'avengers 2 ' at comic-con .  the sequel will be subtitled 'age of ultron ' .  'thor , ' 'captain america ' debut clips from sequels as wel .
 commentary : do n't mortgage our children 's future <sec> mark sanford : opposing the stimulus is n't an argument for doing nothing .  he says tax and trade policies could be used to bolster the economy .  sanford says expanded spending will not get us out of the economic turndown .  he says he ca n't support burdening our kids with the debt from stimulus pla .
 whales , sharks threatened by stricken cruise liner , says green group <sec> the costa concordia , which grounded off giglio , contains more than 2,000 of tons of oil .  giglio is in the pelagos sanctuary for mediterranean marine mammals which was set up in 2002 .  greenpeace fears that there will be an environmental disaster if the oil leaks .  costa cruises has employed an expert salvage team to try to protect the se .
 brawn gp win f1 legal battle over diffusers <sec> fia appeal decision goes in favor of brawn gp , toyota and williams teams .  jenson button has clear lead in f1 championship heading into chinese gp .  rival teams led by ferrari claimed their rear diffusers gave an unfair advantag .
 assad decrees syria reform , state media reports <sec> assad 's decree could mean an end to decades of single-party rule in syria .  four deaths are reported wednesday in syria by activists .  `` the security council condemns the widespread violations of human rights '' .  more than 2,000 people have died , an activist group say .
 poisoned chalice ? swine flu hits church wine <sec> archbishops of canterbury and york recommend churches stop sharing chalice .  follows government advice not to share `` common vessels '' for food or drink .  church says move is to help stop spread of swine fl .
 philadelphia eagles honor rachel washburn , cheerleader turned soldier <sec> rachel washburn grew up with a military father and moved many times .  she went to college in philadelphia on an rotc scholarship .  she cheered for the eagles for three seasons .  a bronze star recipient , she served two tours in afghanista .
 meat industry under scrutiny as horsemeat scandal spreads <sec> new : findus uk says horsemeat in lasagna product may be intentional .  uk food firms must produce `` meaningful results '' in tests on all beef products by friday .  findus france says it will sue a romanian producer for horsemeat contamination .  uk food standards agency says it 's contacted the police at home and in europ .
 gop turns new fire on clinton after benghazi report <sec> new : clinton adviser blasts `` the prism of politics '' around benghazi .  `` sounds like the 2016 presidential race has now started , '' senator says .  senate committee finds benghazi attack was likely preventable .  republicans blast clinton in addendum to report ; committee leader calls that unfai .
 islamic militants seize somali city <sec> group al-shabab is affiliated with al qaeda , according to the u.s . .  clashes between rebels and government killed 103 , wounded 420 , officials say .  al-shabab recently said it has been successful at recruiting more member .
 bolt and gebrselassie : the dream team inspiring nigeria 's fastest man <sec> obinna metu is nigeria 's fastest man .  metu has trained with usain bolt and long-distance legend haile gebrselassie .  successfully combined his athletics career with education to gain a university degree .  dreams of winning a gold medal at the olympics or world championship .
 bill cosby resigns from temple university board <sec> at least 17 women have spoken publicly accusing cosby of sexual misconduct .  the comedian has either denied or declined to address the allegations .  cosby resigns from temple university board amid scandal .  he had served his alma mater for 32 year .
