 chelsea go clear at top of epl <sec> chelsea go clear at top of epl after 2-0 victory over newcastle united .  title rivals manchester city held 1-1 away at everton .  liverpool , burnley , leicester and west brom all wi .
 amanda bynes ' still in hospital ; mother named conservator <sec> temporary conservatorship of amanda bynes and her estate goes to her mom .  the 27-year-old actress has been under a psychiatric hold in a treatment facility .  her parents filed a petition for conservatorshi .
 author e. lynn harris dead at 54 <sec> pioneering author broke taboos in the black community .  harris created a new genre in black literature .  private struggles led to literary success .  author : 'he helped us all breathe a little better .
 vietnam war bunker reopened under luxury hotel <sec> the metropole hanoi 's old air raid shelter was recently opened .  the tunnels had been lost for decades .  the metropole has hosted celebrities including charlie chaplin .  volunteers lead hotel guests on path of history tours to the bunke .
 freedom for a man sent to prison 13 years late <sec> cornealious `` mike '' anderson was convicted of robbery in 1999 .  when his appeals ran out , corrections officials never incarcerated him .  the mistake was discovered when the sentence was almost over .  a judge gave anderson credit for the 4,794 days between his conviction and arres .
 supplies from gaza aid ship awaiting transfer from egyptian port <sec> supplies from a libyan-backed ship still being sorted out in egypt .  the ship is carrying aid for gaza , and is docked at the egyptian port of al arish .  the ship attempted to break an israeli naval blockade of gaza , but was diverted .  israeli soldiers killed nine activists aboard another aid ship in ma .
 blast kills 21 at plaza in nigerian capital <sec> new : 52 others injured , police say .  new : authorities step up security , surveillance around abuja after blast .  the explosion happened around 4 p.m. at emab plaza in abuja 's wuse ii business distric .
 obama rounds out cabinet <sec> obama nominates penny pritzker and michael froman for cabinet posts .  the announcement comes ahead of a trip to mexico and costa rica .  pritzker , an investment firm chief , has an estimated net worth of $ 1.85 billion .  froman is obama 's deputy national security adviser for international economic affair .
 group : residents of abyei flee from advancing sudanese troops <sec> at least 42 people are wounded in violent clashes in abyei , aid group says .  the u.n. condemns the violence , saying 2 peacekeepers were hurt by mortar fire .  southern sudan voted in january to split from the north , but abyei remains a flash point .  britain 's foreign secretary urges all sides to `` cease hostilities .
 iceland rocked by earthquake <sec> strong earthquake shakes southern iceland on thursday afternoon .  u.s. geological survey says quake was 6.1 magnitude .  epicenter 50 kilometers ( 30 miles ) east , south-east of the capital reykjavik .  residents near epicenter told to check on relative .
 grandfather injured , arrested in walmart brawl <sec> new : a witness says the man 's head hit the ground `` like a bowling ball '' .  jerald newman , 54 , is charged with resisting arrest and shoplifting .  his grandson says he tried to hide a video game from jostling shoppers .  video shows the man later bloodied and unconscious on a walmart floo .
 austin sigg pleads guilty in death of jessica ridgeway in colorado <sec> austin reed sigg was 17 at the time of the killing and was charged as an adult .  he lived about one mile from the home of 10-year-old jessica ridgeway .  spokesman : sentencing is set for november 18 and 1 .
 cleric al-masri deeply affected by srebrenica massacre , he testifies <sec> cleric abu hamza al-masri weeps as he describes srebrenica massacre .  after the event , he realized muslims must defend themselves , he testifies .  al-masri is on trial in federal court on 11 terrorism-related charges .  he allegedly influenced failed shoe bomber richard reid and 9/11 attacker mohammed att .
 facebook launches paper , a news-reading app <sec> facebook rolling out new app , paper , on february 3 .  app combines news feed with story-sharing sections .  it will initially only be offered for the iphone in the u.s . .  the app displays content in a digital-magazine forma .
 sharapova pulls out of beijing olympics <sec> maria sharapova withdraws from the bejing olympics due to a shoulder injury .  russian star aggravated the injury in three-set win at rogers cup wednesday .  sharapova now a serious doubt for the final grand slam at flushing meadow .
 u.n. declares famine in somalia ; makes urgent appeal to save lives <sec> new : `` nearly 3.7 million people are now in crisis , '' u.n. secretary-general says .  the united nations warns that the crisis could spread .  about half the somali population is affected .  u.s. announces $ 28 million in additional funding to help somali .
 seychelles convicts 11 somali pirates <sec> new : seychelles hopes the convictions will be a `` deterrent '' to other somali pirates .  the piracy cases are the first to be prosecuted in the seychelles .  29 other alleged somali pirates are awaiting tria .
 swansea love story <sec> the city of swansea saw a 180 percent increase in heroin use in just four years .  a vbs crew followed a group of addicts for a firsthand look at the epidemic .  the addicts ' stories reveal organized sexual abuse of children and collapse of famil .
 crew takes first fast-track flight to international space station <sec> new : the spacecraft docks at 10:28 p.m . .  et after flight of less than six hours .  up until now , it would take two days for crews to go from earth to the space station .  the spacecraft orbited earth four times before docking , compared to the usual 16 orbits .  its three-member crew will remain on the space station through septembe .
 sherrod fallout twists white house message from rah-rah to race <sec> discussion about shirley sherrod dominates white house news briefings this week .  celebration of wall street legislation reform lost in the mix for democrats .  white house allowed itself to be bullied by right-wing media , fulwood says .  congressional black caucus says it 's time for a national dialogue on rac .
 wednesday whales take down twitter <sec> the popular site twitter crashed on wednesday morning .  during the crash viewers saw an `` extremely high volume of whales '' .  a cartoon whale appears on the site when it has service issues .  reports say this is the first big crash for twitter since an attack in augus .
 discover a shopper 's heaven in malmo <sec> swedish clogs and traditional wooden toys make great souvenirs .  if you 're in to eco-friendly shopping , head to drottningtorget .  find gifts for people who are impossible to buy for at design torget .  for fashion-forward apparel , check out local designers like robert & bla .
 williams opens with win in istanbul <sec> serena williams starts defense of wta championship title with win over angelique kerber .  world no.2 victoria azarenka also a winner on tuesday beating sara errani 7-6 , 6-2 .  stanislas wawrinka crashes out of home atp tour 500 event in basel , switzerlan .
 twitter unearths your first tweet <sec> twitter has introduced a tool that lets users see their first-ever tweets .  people can also look up the first tweet of any other twitter user .  friday marks the eighth anniversary of the first twitter messag .
 can the apple watch take off as a fashion accessory ? <sec> apple 's new smartwatch was designed to be a fashion accessory as well as a gadget .  it comes in two sizes , different finishes and has multiple slick strap options .  apple is going up against huge watch companies and an industry that has been around for a century .  the device could be the next ipod or it could go the way of the bluetooth headse .
 dozens dead in philippines from tropical storm flooding <sec> new : .  more than 50 are dead in philippines in flooding from tropical storm ketsana .  5,000 rescued without boats , another 3,688 rescued with boats , official says .  in all , 41,205 people sought refuge in 92 evacuation centers , official say .
 conductor , 28 , takes reins of los angeles philharmonic <sec> gustavo dudamel , known as `` the dude , '' brings beatles-like frenzy to los angeles .  the venezuelan , 28 , is the new conductor of the los angeles philharmonic .  his saturday debut sold out 18,000-seat hollywood bowl faster than anyone ever .  los angeles times music critic calls dudamel `` a phenomenon .
 cnn student news - january 7 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 box office report : '300 : rise of an empire ' conquers the weekend <sec> imax screens for `` 300 '' brought in $ 6.8 million .  `` mr. peabody and sherman '' can in second place .  `` the grand budapest hotel '' set a recor .
 japanese pm yukio hatoyama resigns <sec> new : finance minister says he will run for open seat .  hatoyama told japan 's parliament he would step down .  democratic party expected to name a new leader on friday to be japan 's new prime minister .  handling of u.s. marine base in okinawa rocked his administratio .
 workers struggle to plug leak at japan nuclear plant <sec> efforts to plug the leak with concrete failed saturday .  officials will try again sunday and use polymer instead .  water testing has been ordered further south and offshore .  japan 's prime minister personally thanks crisis workers at the staging are .
 alonso : i 'm firing on all cylinders <sec> ferrari 's fernando alonso says he is hitting peak form just at the right time .  alonso moved into second in the drivers ' championship with victory at singapore grand prix .  red bull team principal christian horner says the title race will go down to the wir .
 rachel nichols : an 'unguarded ' interview with cnn 's new host <sec> `` unguarded '' premieres tonight at 10:30 p.m . .  et on cnn .  rachel nichols on other women in sports broadcasting : `` you really see incredible support '' .  `` i 'm an adrenaline junkie , '' says nichol .
 sony unveils playstation community site <sec> playstation home can be downloaded free of charge by ps3 users .  users communicate , share gaming experiences through their own avatars .  designed along the lines of 3-d second life virtual worl .
 toyota recalls may not solve problem , experts say <sec> they say complicated electronics , not mechanical issue , are problem .  toyota officials say they 've found no evidence of electronic problems .  some say automaker 's tests are inadequat .
 obama blames boehner for ongoing government shutdown - cnnpolitics.com <sec> `` we can vote to open the government today , '' obama tells the ap .  the nation is in its fifth day of a federal shutdown .  but obama does not expect the nation will default .  the president also talks obamacare , iran and redskin .
 66-1 outsider auroras encore romps to grand national victory <sec> auroras encore defies the odds to win saturday 's grand national at aintree .  ryan mania rides the 66-1 outsider to victory in jockey 's debut appearance .  only 17 of 40 entrants complete race , but no repeat of last year 's two horse deaths .  however , two horses died following races earlier in the three-day meetin .
 five years after katrina , heroes still needed in louisiana <sec> a trio of cnn heroes is still working to restore the gulf after hurricane katrina .  tad agoglia is helping to clean up the oil spill , which has complicated comeback efforts .  liz mccartney is trying to get families out of fema trailers and back into homes .  derrick tabb is reaching out to the youth of new orleans with his after-school music progra .
 french soccer players suspended over world cup fiasco <sec> four players from france 's national soccer team have been punished .  the french football federation suspended them after events at world cup .  players faced disciplinary action for their poor performance and behavior .  the french were knocked out of the tournament at the group stage in jun .
 opinion : why should blacks trust u.s. justice ? <sec> nicole austin-hillery : justice in u.s. often hollow , especially for blacks killed by non-blacks .  she says whites ca n't conceive of a zimmerman-like outcome happening with their children .  she says killers escaping punishment in death of young blacks has long history in u.s . .  writer : every verdict that fails to hold killer of black accountable erodes black 's trust in court .
 obama , european leaders honor d-day landings in france , 70 years on <sec> uk veteran slips out of nursing home to attend 'first-class show ' in france .  obama tells putin he risks further isolation if he does n't work with kiev .  french president francois hollande hails heroes who died on normandy beaches .  putin and ukraine 's president-elect also speak at the lunch for leader .
 u.s. teen beaten by israeli police to return home <sec> tariq abu khdeir , 15 , was expected to arrive in tampa on wednesday night .  his videotaped beating , at the hands of israeli police , sparked outrage and inflamed tensions .  a high school sophomore in tampa , khdeir was visiting palestinian relatives in jerusale .
 neanderthal tools present new challenges to archaeologists <sec> archaeologists uncover 50,000-year-old specialized bone tools .  the tools are discovered at neanderthal sites .  modern humans are thought to have arrived in europe at least 40,000 years ag .
 blind golfer looks to ryder cup future <sec> vietnam veteran bob andrews is keen to revive a ryder cup for blind golfers .  blind golfers usually have a sighted coach who advises them on shots .  there are relatively few differences between blind golf and conventional golf .  english blind golfer tony shearman would also welcome a return of the even .
 backlash over police tips for beijing 's women drivers <sec> beijing police weibo account : female drivers `` usually have inadequate driving skills '' .  advises women to avoid wearing heels and to avoid excessive decoration in their cars .  many users on chinese social media slammed police for discriminatory pos .
 human cost of afghan conflict escalating , u.n. says <sec> new u.n. report says killings and attacks in afghanistan are soaring .  children and women are bearing the brunt of the attacks , the report says .  the taliban is responsible for the most attacks .  pro-government forces are also to blame , the report say .
 'fringe 's ' mad scientist reflects on the final season <sec> john noble 's cult show `` fringe '' is nearing the end of its run .  noble addressed his sleep disorder treatment , which briefly halted production .  he 's not as much of a junk food fan as his character ; he recently discovered twitter .  noble shared his prediction for the final episode : `` a masterpiece .
 worker at taxpayer-funded agency in virginia plays hooky for 12 years <sec> a woman who worked at a government-funded agency did n't show up for 12 years .  she was paid at least $ 300,000 over that time span , norfolk tv station wavy says .  the community services board is a mental health agency with 40 virginia locations .  recent audits of the norfolk office had shown no problems , says a linked state agenc .
 official : cia-trained force targeting militants in pakistan <sec> new : the teams stay in contact with `` our allies in both pakistan and afghanistan , '' official says .  the paramilitary force is made up of 3,000 afghans .  the counterterrorism pursuit teams were first revealed bob woodward 's new book .  pakistan denies the presence of foreign force .
 cops search landfill in indiana student 's disappearance <sec> new : the missing woman 's parents blast her friends ' `` deafening silence '' .  indiana university student lauren spierer disappeared in june .  a landfill near terre haute holds waste from near intersection where she was last seen .  the search may take up to two weeks , police sa .
 high-tech dummies help doctors save lives <sec> a line of high-tech dummies is used in simulations of trauma surgery .  the dummies , by trauma fx , bleed , breath and talk .  observers can change conditions in real time as trainees respond .  doctor : on a good day `` the mannequin did not die .
 nine-man chelsea beaten by man utd in stamford bridge thriller <sec> manchester united beat chelsea 3-2 at stamford bridge .  epl leaders chelsea have branislav ivanovic and fernando torres sent off .  chelsea lodge complaint to premier league over referee .  pulsating merseyside derby ends in 2-2 dra .
 drone strikes kill , maim and traumatize too many civilians , u.s. study says <sec> a study by stanford and nyu claims only about 2 % of killed targets are `` high-level '' .  innocent civilians are killed , maimed and traumatized by drone strikes , the report says .  drones in pakistan killed 176 children from 2004 to 2012 , an independent group says .  obama has said a target must meet `` very tight and very strict standards .
 bachmann makes official 2012 presidential announcement <sec> rep. michele bachmann has formally announced her presidential candidacy .  bachmann made the announcement in iowa -- home of the first caucuses .  bachmann is considered a long shot , but is a tea party favorite .  she was virtually tied with mitt romney in iowa in a recent des moines register pol .
 after the roar of the celtic tiger , young irish cubs look overseas for opportunity <sec> one third of irish men under 25 are unemployed .  many of the young emigrants are extremely skilled .  some young people blame emigration on lazines .
 'walking dead ' creator sues amc over profits from zombie series <sec> `` walking dead '' creator has n't gotten `` one dollar in profits , '' his lawsuit says .  frank darabont accuses amc of `` self-dealing '' by charging itself a low license fee .  `` walking dead '' fee is half that of `` mad men , '' but show gets 4 times the viewers , suit says .  darabont developed the tv series from robert kirkman 's comic book serie .
 u.s. should honor states ' new pot laws <sec> colorado and washington legalized recreational use of pot but it 's illegal under federal law .  mark osler : two ideologies clash over whether u.s. should override new state laws .  osler : federalists say state laws must rule ; moralists say we need national drug laws .  u.s. must honor states , he says ; federalism is in constitution , pot opposition is no .
 new fingerprinting technique could crack cold cases <sec> new fingerprinting technique detects prints on weapons that have been wiped .  police in texas using method to investigate unsolved killing of woman in 2007 .  technique detects minute corrosion to metal caused by swea .
 'cake boss ' star arrested on dwi charge in new york , police say <sec> police say the `` cake boss '' star was swerving across lanes of traffic .  bartolo `` buddy '' valastro was arrested in manhattan for driving while intoxicated , police say .  valastro is known for tlc 's `` cake boss '' and the competition series `` next great baker .
 opinion : why do poor people smoke more ? <sec> smoking is not declining in poor communities as it is in more affluent places .  writers : big tobacco targets low-income neighborhoods , sells cheap cigarettes .  they say stresses of poverty and hopelessness cause people to turn to smoking .  writers : smoking will be coping strategy until social ills of poverty are overcom .
 would-be prime minister no stranger to egyptian government <sec> kamal ganzouri was an egyptian deputy prime minister in the late 1980s .  in 1996 , president hosni mubarak appointed him as egypt 's prime minister .  political leaders criticized ganzouri after he left office in 1999 , state media says .  a military spokesman says ganzouri has agreed to become prime minister agai .
 iconic buildings get green makeover <sec> tower bridge in london is being retrofitted with led light bulbs that will reduce its energy consumption by 40 % .  the project will be completed by the start of the 2012 olympics , which are aiming to be the greenest ever .  other famous buildings to be retrofitted with green technology include sydney opera house and the empire state buildin .
 official : obama and boehner met for deficit talks over the weekend <sec> white house spokesman says neither side will get everything they want .  senate leaders renew tough talk as the chamber reconvenes .  officials warn debt ceiling must be increased by august 2 to avoid risk of defaul .
 american carried out somalia suicide bombing , islamists claim <sec> a website associated with al-shabaab posts an audio interview with the alleged bomber .  the american-accented speaker urges his brothers and sisters to `` do jihad '' .  he would be at least the third minnesota somali-american to blow himself up in somalia .  in the somali-language version , he boasts of having killed many infidel .
