 the clinton echo - cnnpolitics.com <sec> clinton 's economic rhetoric is straight from husband 's 1992 playbook .  she has spoken of restoring `` the basic bargain of america '' .  voter frustration is reminiscent of what the clintons navigated in 1991 and 199 .
 review : amy winehouse 's posthumous 'lioness ' is bittersweet <sec> `` lioness '' is leagues beyond hastily assembled fare like michael jackson 's `` immortal . '' .  the album largely sidesteps the dozen or so post- '' black '' recordings .  recorded at home in the spring of 2009 , it reveals the singer at her most ra .
 decrypting common auto acronyms <sec> most common car safety system is abs or anti-lock brake system .  ebd : subsystem of anti-lock brakes called electronic brake force distribution .  gps is system that drives new navigation systems : global positions system .  rsc : roll stability control , new government regulation to prevent rollover .
 maicon joins man city ; van der vaart heads back to hamburg <sec> english premier league champions manchester city sign maicon from inter milan .  rafael van der vaart moves from spurs to hamburg for a reported fee of around $ 16 million .  dimitar berbatov rejects suitors in italy and signs for fulham .  tottenham sign hugo lloris and clint dempsey just before the deadlin .
 north korean execution raises more question than answers <sec> execution of jong song thaek reveals glimpse into closed world of the north korean regime .  some analysts say it shows kim jong un consolidating power over a politburo gerontocracy .  others say it reveals a regime in meltdown as kim battles military hardliners within the part .
 quincy jones feels like he 's 'just starting ' <sec> quincy jones ' new book is coffee-table tome showcasing life , memorabilia .  at 75 , jones as active as ever : new album , restaurant among projects .  composer , producer wants to push national arts ministe .
 gps shoe to track alzheimer 's patients <sec> shoe with gps system aims to improve safety of seniors with dementia .  alzheimer 's patients often wander from home and ca n't find their way back .  device would locate them if they get lost and allow caregivers to monitor the .
 cricket world cup : abject england knocked out <sec> england knocked out of the cricket world cup after defeat to bangladesh .  it has n't gone past the quarterfinal stage of the competition since 1992 .  england has just one win to its name at the tournament , over scotland .  bangladesh through to the knockout stages of the tournamen .
 time for egyptian revolution part ii ? <sec> wednesday marks one year since the revolution ending 30 years of mubarak regime .  aladdin elaasar : egyptians are bitter about military council 's own oppressive rule since then .  military has brutally repressed demonstrations , he writes ; arrested , even killed protesters .  elaasar : activists now want the immediate transfer of power to a civilian counci .
 obama repeats strategy in student loan fight <sec> president obama urges students to pressure congressional republicans .  sen. mcconnell accuses obama of playing politics despite common ground .  a senate vote on extending the current loan rate is planned for next week .  democrats launch ads in college newspapers criticizing republicans on the matte .
 new york madam pleads guilty to running prostitution ring <sec> anna gristina , 44 , arrested february 22 , charged with promoting prostitution .  gristina pleads guilty and is sentenced to 6 months .  she has already served that time so now faces 5 years probatio .
 quiet caribbean island has a flavor all its own <sec> grenada provides a third of the world 's supply of nutmeg .  the casual , quiet island offers a wealth of spectacular views .  the township of gouyave jumps to life on fish friday .
 court : adultery now not a crime in south korea <sec> since 1953 , a south korean could get 2 years in prison for cheating on his or her spouse .  the asian nation 's constitutional court overturned that law , saying times have changed .  a south korean condom maker 's stock price soars 15 % after the decision comes ou .
 philadelphia prosecutors drop death penalty against abu-jamal <sec> mumia abu-jamal will serve a life sentence in prison .  abu-jamal was convicted of shooting a police officer three decades ago .  district attorney : `` the decision to end this fight was not an easy one to make .
 more than 100 dead after magnitude-7.1 earthquake hits the philippines <sec> new : death toll rises to 144 ; almost 300 people injured .  more than 20 people are missing .  the quake was centered near a town in bohol province .  it hit on a national holiday in the philippine .
 obama holds gay pride reception , vows to overturn 'unjust laws ' <sec> president obama tells crowd at white house to give him time to reverse laws .  obama likens struggle for gay rights with struggle of blacks for civil rights .  `` i know this is painful , and i know it can be heartbreaking , '' he says of rights denia .
 world 's 'funnest ' theme parks <sec> stefan zwanzger , aka the theme park guy , travels the world in search of the best gated fun parks .  tokyo disneysea tops his list of favorites for `` impeccable theming '' that includes erupting volcanoes .  the original theme park , disneyland makes his list , as does happy zone , a low-budget park in myanma .
 six colombians indicted in dea agent 's death in bogota <sec> six colombians accused of operating a robbery and kidnapping ring out of cabs .  these attacks in the south american country are called `` millionaire rides '' .  dea special agent james `` terry '' watson died after being stabbed in a cab robber .
 china blasts 'maverick ' artist ai weiwei after reported arrest <sec> articles in the communist party newspaper seem to confirm his arrest .  they warn that he will `` pay a price for his special choice '' .  the global times also condemns the west for interfering , saying chinese people loathe it .  ai weiwei helped design the 2008 olympics bird 's nest stadiu .
 serena survives epic in madrid opener <sec> serena williams survives longest match of her career to reach third round of madrid open .  world no . .  1 beats unseeded russian vera dushevina 6-7 ( 2-7 ) 7-6 ( 7-5 ) 7-6 ( 7-5 ) .  american will next play either 16th seed nadia petrova or anastasia pavlyuchenkova .  eighth seed samantha stosur wins to set up clash with maria jose martinez sanche .
 conclave trivia : why cardinals are locked in , popes ' houses ransacked <sec> 115 cardinal-electors are gathered in the sistine chapel to choose a new pope .  conclave follows the resignation of benedict and is conducted in secrecy .  in theory , any unmarried male catholic could be elected as pope .  in practice , it will be one of the cardinals involved in the voting proces .
 suicide blasts at u.s.-afghan base kill 13 <sec> new : 78 others are wounded .  a suicide bomber attacks the base on foot , then a truck explosion follows .  no international coalition service members are killed .  the taliban claims responsibilit .
 lindsay lohan 's mother , dina , arrested and charged with dwi <sec> police said dina lohan was arrested thursday night .  police charged her with two counts of dwi and one of speeding .  she must appear in court on september 2 .
 oscar pistorius leaves jail after bail granted <sec> oscar pistorius leaves jail after posting bond .  family is relieved , uncle says .  pistorius is accused of killing his model girlfriend , reeva steenkamp .  magistrate cites `` errors and concessions '' from chief investigator during testimon .
 pakistan pm wo n't resign amid tear gas-filled protests <sec> police fire tear gas after thousands of protesters threaten to march on pm 's house .  nawaz sharif said in a statement that he wo n't resign .  protesters have been in islamabad for the last two week .
 gattuso faces uefa charge over jordan head-butt incident <sec> gennaro gattuso faces charge of `` gross sporting misconduct '' over head-butting incident .  gattuso clashed with tottenham assistant manager at end of champions league match .  ac milan captain 's case will be discussed at a uefa disciplinary hearing on monday .  midfielder already banned from return leg in london , and suspension could be extende .
 remembering a sri lanka town wiped away by tsunami <sec> cnn 's paula hancocks was in hambantota in 2004 when tsunami struck .  the landscape was nearly flat after the tsunami , with buildings washed away .  amid incredible devastation , scenes of incredible humanity and generosit .
 ex-star linebacker taylor pleads not guilty in rape case <sec> new : lawrence taylor denies charges at arraignment .  new : court hearing is held in rockland county , new york .  new : taylor is on $ 75,000 bail .  police investigated accusations involving 16-year-old runawa .
 jamaican footballer banned for doping , doctor also punished <sec> jamaican midfielder jermaine hue receives a nine-month ban for doping .  but the doctor who administered the substance was suspended for four years by fifa .  hue has made more than 40 appearances for the jamaican national team .  jamaica sits last in its world cup qualifying group with only two matches remainin .
 al qaeda exporting jihad with a hip-hop vibe <sec> al qaeda 's somali arm has hip-hop jihad rap and message from `` american '' .  intel expert says group is trying `` to reach audience of potential recruits in america '' .  video comes on the heels of purported bin laden message on somali .
 facebook 's latest privacy changes put to a vote <sec> facebook users have one week to vote on the latest proposed privacy changes .  one change would end the public voting option .  another change would expand with which affiliate companies facebook may share dat .
 change the list : states where rape is most common <sec> alaska is estimated to have the highest rape rate in the country .  the 2012 fbi crime data measure reported incidents of rape .  columnist john sutter is covering rape in alaska as part of change the list .  alaska 's rate is three times the national average ; new jersey 's rate is lowes .
 indianapolis colts owner jim irsay enters treatment after arrest <sec> jim irsay was arrested sunday in carmel , indiana .  he 's charged with driving while intoxicated , possession of a controlled substance .  colts : irsay voluntarily checked into the facility , is committed to regaining his healt .
 group : batch of syria 's sarin precursor destroyed <sec> the chemicals were among the last batch of declared weapons to leave syria .  581 metric tons of a sarin precursor have been neutralized on a u.s. ship .  other batches of syria 's chemicals are being destroyed elsewhere .  destruction is part of last year 's deal syria made to give up its chemical weapon .
 facebook 's zuckerberg visits old stomping grounds at harvard <sec> mark zuckerberg dropped out of harvard university in 2004 .  the facebook ceo visited the campus on monday .  he returns to recruit engineering students for internships .  it is his first official visit since 2004 , the harvard crimson say .
 7 terror cell suspects arrested in uae <sec> they are accused of plotting attacks that would `` undermine the security of the homeland '' .  the group is alleged to have links to al qaeda .  it also allegedly planned to raise funds to help extend its activitie .
 has the crisis fed the rich and robbed the poor ? <sec> since the financial crisis hit in 2007 the gap between the rich and the poor has grown .  cnn is hosting a tweet chat from 12-12:30pm bst monday may 27 , to debate inequality .  cnn is being joined by oecd youth reps to discuss who 's at fault , how it can be fixed .  join the tweet chat using the hashtag # inequalitycnn and tell us your views on inequalit .
 orphanage volunteers struggle to leave haiti <sec> situation turns chaotic for 11 american volunteers at maison de lumiere orphanage .  shortages of food , water spark anger in people volunteers had been trying to help .  volunteers are from mission viejo christian church in californi .
 ben affleck on 'gone girl ' nudity : it 's better in 3-d <sec> affleck say 's there 's nudity in the film .  `` gone girl '' has been highly anticipated .  it 's expected to make $ 25 million opening weeken .
 from auschwitz survivor to presidents ' tailor <sec> world-renowned tailor martin greenfield has dressed everyone from leonardo dicaprio to president barack obama .  in his memoir measure of a man , he details his his years spent as a prisoner at nazi concentration camps and the loss of his family .  greenfield now runs martin greenfield clothiers with his sons in brookly .
 e-mail threat on president spurs quick arrest <sec> the arrest took place in a seattle suburb .  the suspect , anton caluori , was armed , the affidavit says .  the man 's mother said he made `` negative statements ' about obama , the affidavit says .  a detention hearing is set for monda .
 sorry , seth macfarlane , but not everybody loved you <sec> new : anti-defamation league slams macfarlane for jews in hollywood joke .  the world had lots to say about macfarlane as oscar host .  some of his bits were viewed as sexist .  one reviewer said academy took a chance -- and wo .
 conjoined twins separated , recovering after long surgery <sec> egyptian twin boys are less than a year old .  21st procedure of this type to be performed in the kingdom .  15-hour delicate surgery declared successful , surgeon says .  surgery free as part of king abdullah bin abdul aziz 's philanthropic initiativ .
 should parents let transgender children march in pride ? <sec> transgender , gender nonconforming youths walked in nyc pride march .  group says it was first to feature gender nonconforming kids and their families in pride march .  parent : letting transgender daughter march shows family supports her .  advocates encourage families to weigh pros and cons of putting children in public vie .
 opinion : shamans of the amazon have a lot to teach us <sec> mark plotkin : in the debate over huge health care costs , we should look south .  plotkin : the shamans of the amazon possess centuries of therapeutic wisdom .  he says we have a lot to learn from the shamans about healing power of plants .  plotkin : we need to protect the amazon forests and preserve the tribal culture .
 sources : u.s. to arm local afghans to fight taliban <sec> `` community-based '' security effort designed to counter taliban gains .  locals to be `` early warning system , '' u.s. official says .  program to begin next year in wardak provinc .
 second suspect charged with murder in uk soldier 's slaying <sec> michael adebolajo , 28 , has been charged with the murder of a british soldier .  adebolajo also faces charges of the attempted murder of two police officers .  police say the soldier , lee rigby , was killed on may 22 in southeast londo .
 pedophile appeal nets 200 new leads <sec> new : interpol chasing 200 new leads in global manhunt for serial pedophile .  interpol web site logged 30 times more visitors than in an average day .  100 photographs show man sexually abusing at least three boys aged 6 to 10 .  interpol issued appeal for first time in october , arrest made after 10 day .
 poland 's former deputy prime minister dies <sec> andrzej lepper was a former deputy prime minister and agriculture minister .  a populist , he founded his trade union and political party to help suffering farmers .  his self-defense party paid tribute to a `` distinguished politician , statesman .
 gop , boehner take shutdown hit in new cnn poll <sec> poll conducted after government shutdown shows small majority think gop control of house is bad .  results are first time since gop took control of house in 2010 that more oppose its control .  more than six in 10 say speaker of the house john boehner should lose his job .  obama 's approval numbers did n't take same hit that gop 's did after shutdow .
 soros : in revolutionary times the impossible becomes possible <sec> financier george soros funded eastern european dissident groups in 1980s .  soros : in revolutionary times things normally impossible become possible .  soros set up first foundation in hungary in 1984 ; by 1992 foundations in 22 countries .  west failed many post-communist states ; russia again an authoritarian regim .
 bill cosby 's daughter stands up for father <sec> los angeles prosecutor says cosby wo n't be charged in 1974 case .  bill cosby 's daughter evin says comedian is father `` you thought you knew '' .  bill cosby has been accused of sexual assault by a number of women .  cosby 's camp has repeatedly and vigorously denied the allegation .
 students in blackface re-enact chris brown beating rihanna <sec> some students at a new york high school do n't see anything offensive .  others are outraged that the school allowed such a skit to take place .  the superintendent does n't believe the students were intentionally malicious .  a photo of the skit posted on cnn 's ireport went vira .
 the best turntable $ 64,000 can buy ? <sec> an italian manufacturer unveils a $ 64,000 turntable at ces in las vegas .  gabriel turntable is made with bronze and can be customized with up to four arms .  manufacturer : `` when i look at it , the only word that comes to mind is love '' .  a distributor is being sought to sell the turntable through specialty audio retailer .
 vice guide to north korea <sec> a vbs.tv crew gets into north korea after months of negotiation .  their `` strange '' tour included a 100,000-man show at which they were among 15 spectators .  vbs founder shane smith says it was `` like being nowhere else on the planet .
 rare opportunity for speakers at gop convention <sec> convention speakers a chance for party to showcase its best in prime time .  new jersey gov . .  chris christie will give high-profile gop keynote address .  florida sen. marco rubio gets coveted opportunity to nominate romney .  convention speeches can backfire -- just ask pat buchanan or bill clinto .
 neil degrasse tyson poaches conan 's set , sidekick <sec> the famed astrophysicist will be a late-night tv host .  he popped up on `` conan '' to steal the moon and andy richte .
 jay-z and beyonce lose bid to trademark 'blue ivy ' <sec> couple filed a petition to trademark their daughter 's name shortly after her january birth .  wedding planner who started blue ivy in 2009 filed her own petition to trademark the name .  u.s. patent and trademark office ruled jay-z and beyonce ca n't trademark the nam .
 s. korean pm offers to resign a second time <sec> chung un-chan first offered his resignation on july 5 .  president lee myung-bak did not accept chan 's resignation at that time .  president 's grand national party has taken a beating in the poll .
 u.s. in 1955 : 'nobody is mad with nobody ' <sec> in summer of 1955 , life magazine featured a story titled : `` nobody is mad with nobody '' .  it depicted a nation at rest , calm and secure in its contentment .  bob greene asks if that image of american tranquility was real .  he also asks if today 's image of america as an angry nation is rea .
 sony finds missing puzzle piece : smartphones <sec> sony bought ericsson 's stake in their joint venture last year .  sony plans to integrate phones into its `` four-screen strategy '' .  all sony devices are expected to work seamlessly togethe .
 bought a house , so i must want kids ? <sec> audrey irvine opened her new house to family and friends for her birthday party .  friends saw two spare bedrooms as a chance to ask her about having children .  the questions made her wonder if the house would lead to marriage , kids , dog .  decides next birthday , she would borrow a dog to really get people talkin .
 mh17 plane crash victims ' families : send bodies home <sec> new : a father accuses putin , rebel and ukrainian leaders of murdering his daughter .  dutch foreign minister : human remains have become part of `` a political game '' .  u.s. ambassador : families are crying out for closure .  a grieving mother appeals to russia 's putin for help returning bodies to the netherland .
 police : 'sovereign citizens ' planned to execute las vegas cops <sec> the fbi considers `` sovereign citizens '' a `` domestic terrorist movement '' .  the movement does not recognize the authority of the governments .  the two suspects were arrested after a four-month string operation .  additional arrests and charges are possible in the ongoing investigation , police sa .
