 wildfires claim a second life in texas <sec> new : `` it will be life before the fire and life after the fire , it 's that big a deal '' .  `` we 've been given a break in the weather , '' texas official says .  elias jaquez , 49 , is killed trying to fight a brush fire , becoming the second fatality .  more than a million acres have burned in texas since april .
 typhoon haiyan : in tacloban , children ripped from arms , floating dead <sec> new : seen from the air , forests of palm trees flattened , flooded villages .  no communications except satellite phones .  a couple loses three of their daughters ; two found dead .  red cross may charter a boat to reach are .
 man loses 245 pounds with the three p 's <sec> marlon gibson weighed 405 pounds at his heaviest .  he lost 245 pounds by gradually reducing unhealthy food and exercising .  he believes accountability is the key to weight los .
 why haiti 's quake toll higher than chile 's <sec> chile 's quake released 500 times more energy than haiti 's , says colin stark .  earthquake 's magnitude is related to movement of plates on earth 's surface , stark says .  quake damage partly due to level of poverty , quality of building techniques , he say .
 california high court : retailers ca n't request cardholders ' zip code <sec> california supreme court justices vote 7-0 to overturn two lower court decisions .  the decision finds that a zip code is protected `` personal identification information '' .  the court objects to retailers using such info to track people down for marketing .  the head of a retailers association says , `` we think it 's a terrible decision .
 official : u.s. b-52s flew over china 's controversial new air defense zone <sec> japanese airlines say they will not submit flight plans to china for the zone .  chinese ambassador : it 's `` the right of every country to defend its airspace '' .  u.s. calls the move an apparent try `` to unilaterally change the status quo '' .  u.s. official : b-52s do n't tell beijing about flight over china 's new air defense zon .
 michelle obama , hillary clinton team up to honor women <sec> first lady , secretary of state honor champions of women 's rights .  event celebrates state department women of courage awards .  clinton : rights of women will `` always be central to our foreign policy '' .  obama : `` as women we must stand up for justice for all .
 sam taylor-johnson , director of 'fifty shades ' : i 'm not doing sequel <sec> sam taylor-johnson bows out of the `` fifty shades '' sequel .  author e l james wanted more control over the second pic .  the first film has made $ 550 million worldwid .
 caddie iain mcgregor dies of heart attack at madeira islands open <sec> caddie iain mcgregor dies after suspected heart attack at madeira islands open .  european tour decides tournament should be completed .  a number of golf players angered by european tour 's decision to finish pla .
 schleck ends contador chain row as fedrigo holds off armstrong bid <sec> luxembourg 's andy schleck ends his row with tour de france rival alberto contador .  contador gained 39 seconds after schleck dropped his chain on monday .  france 's pierrick fedrigo wins stage 16 of the tour .  fedrigo held off a late challenge from six-time tour winner lance armstron .
 tongan king to give up absolute rule <sec> new tongan king , george tupou v , to give up most of near-absolute powers .  king to let prime minister guide south pacific nation 's day-to-day affairs .  decision to pave way for parliamentary elections in 2010 .  tonga , population 119,000 , is the only monarchy in the pacific regio .
 nigerian schoolgirls : will boko haram free them or not ? <sec> ceasefire between nigeria and boko haram raised hopes for release of kidnapped girls .  militants have continued their kidnappings even after the deal was reached .  some experts doubt that the ceasefire will go through .  others say negotiated release is still possibl .
 opinion : 'acting white ' and being black ? <sec> crystal wright is tired of blacks putting down other blacks by saying they are `` acting white '' .  president obama addressed the term while speaking to a group of young men this week .  wright : there is no litmus test for being blac .
 u.n. expert : food crisis 'a silent tsunami ' <sec> prices mean 100 million people could go hungry , u.n. official says .  soaring food prices have triggered violence in some developing countries .  expert says focus on biofuels means less focus on food crop .  world health organization views hunger as main threat to public healt .
 l.a. pastor gets 15 years in a $ 14.2 million medicare fraud scheme <sec> christopher iruke , 61 , was the pastor at a now-defunct l.a. church .  he also ran medical supply companies , paying for illicit prescriptions and documents .  he submitted $ 14.2 million in fraudulent claims and got $ 6.7 million in reimbursements .  he was convicted in august , along with his wife , one other conspirato .
 as u.s. troop withdrawal nears , 'uptick ' in violence expected <sec> as agreed upon , u.s. will remove all combat troops from iraqi cities and towns .  with iraqi violence at `` all-time '' low , pentagon expects `` uptick '' after june 30 .  u.s. commander to troops : `` this is the right time to transition security of the cities '' .  blast kills 62 people and injures 150 others at a baghdad market on wednesda .
 gay arkansas student says his profile was pulled from yearbook <sec> taylor ellis , 17 , says officials killed the profile that told of his coming out .  yearbook 's assistant editor : `` it 's big thing in sheridan to be gay '' .  superintendent : `` we must make decisions that lead in the proper direction for all of our students .
 harold ramis of 'ghostbusters , ' 'groundhog day ' fame dies <sec> harold ramis , a noted comedy figure for more than four decades , dies at 69 .  ramis played dr. egon spengler in `` ghostbusters '' and also wrote the script .  chicago-born performer and writer was mentor to many comedians and writer .
 commentary : yankee remembers 'the house that ruth built ' <sec> former yankee jim bouton recalls his debut at yankee stadium in the 1960s .  bouton played alongside stars mickey mantle and whitey ford .  bouton : now the legendary sports venue is going to be torn dow .
 prosecutor recommends 80 years for charles taylor <sec> new : thousands would have been spared but for charles taylor 's role , prosecutor says .  the former liberian president was convicted last week of war crimes charges .  there is no death penalty in the case ; taylor would serve time in a british prison .  taylor aided fighters in a civil war in neighboring sierra leon .
 life in gaza : search for safety , or wait for destiny <sec> life for many in gaza means a search for safety from bombs .  they pack whatever they can into cars , buses and trucks and onto carts , and they flee .  others refuse to evacuate despite warnings from israel .  says one woman , `` i have nowhere to go ... we will not leave , it is our destiny .
 hicks jr resigns as liverpool director <sec> liverpool director tom hicks jr has resigned from his position with the club and parent company kop holdings .  the american responded abusively when a fan contacted him about the state of the club 's finances .  hicks jr subsequently apologized but he has now quit the club owened by his father and george gillet .
 obama nominates ex-army general to head tsa <sec> nomination of robert a. harding announced monday .  `` i can think of no one more qualified than bob to take on this important job , '' obama says .  harding , who served 33 years in army , would be the tsa 's first african-american administrator .  he once was defense department 's senior human intelligence office .
 woman mauled by chimp gets a new face <sec> charla nash is the third person to receive a full face transplant .  nash lost her face and both hands in a chimpanzee attack in 2009 .  nash says : `` i was brought back to life .
 world 's 10 weirdest medical museums <sec> medical museums around the world display grotesque curiosities related to niche medicine , pathology , anatomy and cultural trends .  international museum day is may 18 .  curios include two-headed dog , one-eyed creatures , preserved conjoined twins and brains infected with mad cow diseas .
 jennifer hudson , sandra bullock highlight 2014 people 's choice awards <sec> jennifer hudson 's speech is high point of people 's choice awards 2014 .  sandra bullock wins favorite dramatic -- and comedic -- movie actress .  ellen degeneres wins 14th people 's choice award .  britney spears wins first people 's choice awar .
 birthing project provides mentors for at-risk mothers-to-be <sec> birthing project usa helps soon-to-be mothers find guidance and support .  the goal of the mentoring program is to prevent babies from being born sick .  kathryn hall-trujillo came up with the idea while she was a public health administrator .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2010 cnn heroe .
 budget concerns force states to reconsider the death penalty <sec> at least nine states have bills seeking to abolish or repeal the death penalty .  elsewhere , state budget cuts are delaying or halting death penalty trials .  colorado bill seeks to use capital case funds for cold case investigations .  harris county , texas , da pat lykos vows to continue seeking death penalt .
 hillary clinton on possible presidency : 'i 'm realistic ' <sec> new : `` i do n't know what she 's going to do , '' bill clinton tells cnn .  hillary clinton talks presidential possibilities in interview with new york magazine .  it 's her first interview since stepping down as secretary of state .  she says she 'll `` continue to weigh what the factors are '' that might lead to a presidential ru .
 cnn student news - may 29 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 myanmar cuts sentences for independence day <sec> democracy movement says unclear how many members have been freed .  activist group says more than 30 prisoners appear to have been released .  no prominent dissidents are expected to be freed as a result of tuesday 's decree .  advocates say myanmar holds about 1,500 political prisoner .
 u.n. security council authorizes military mission in mali <sec> un-sanctioned peacekeepers will be deployed for an initial period of one year .  the mission aims to help mali retake its northern areas from islamist rebels .  a group of neighboring nations already pledged thousands of troops to the missio .
 julian assange demands u.s. end wikileaks 'witch hunt ' <sec> new : unasur backs ecuador and calls for dialogue to resolve the standoff .  julian assange links wikileaks to freedom of expression around the world .  the founder of wikileaks had n't been seen since june , or spoken in public since march .  ecuador 's president says britain threatened to raid the embassy to arrest assang .
 asian air pollution could have impact on global weather patterns <sec> particles in the air known as aerosols are responsible for cloud formation .  more aerosols blowing in from asia to the pacific ocean means intensifying storm patterns , says new study .  speculation on intense pacific storm track driving freak winter weather in u.s. , canad .
 gay teen in prom case feels ostracized locally , celebrated nationally <sec> constance mcmillen in news after school cancels prom ; she wanted to bring girlfriend .  support nationally shows in tv visits , prom offers , facebook fans and scholarship .  at home , mississippi high school senior deals with tensions , anxiety , `` hostility '' .  her and aclu 's fight inspires others , making her poster child for lgbt student activis .
 surprise ! obamacare foe cruz votes with democrats on spending plan - cnnpolitics.com <sec> cruz : marathon floor speech was to rally gop unity against obamacare .  the senate votes 100-0 to proceed on a spending plan to avoid a shutdown .  aide : despite voting yes , sen. cruz still opposes any funding for obamacare .  senate majority leader reid calls cruz 's 21-hour speech a `` waste of time .
 opinion : on syria , learn from u.s. mistakes in iraq <sec> rep. chris van hollen : three lessons from iraq can guide intervention in syria .  he says president obama must present clear evidence of assad regime culpability .  he says u.s. must take strong action to punish assad regime , deter use of chemical weapons .  van hollen : mission must be clearly defined and achievable at an acceptable cos .
 anti-drone peace march halted in pakistan <sec> authorities block road into south waziristan , ending protest march .  leader says the march still achieved its goal of drawing attention to drone strikes .  officials say demonstrators were kept out of south waziristan for security reasons .  march was led by former cricket star turned politician imran kha .
 bin laden death photos to be shown to some members of congress <sec> members of house and senate intelligence committees will be able to view the photos .  viewings will take place at cia headquarters ; timing is not yet determined .  president wo n't release to public : `` it is not in our national security interest .
 facebook upgrades photos -- look out , flickr <sec> facebook is one of the world 's largest photo-sharing sites .  upgrades include hi-res photos , photo-download links , bulk tagging options .  user can now upload and download hi-res photos up to 2048 pixels wide or high .  another change is facebook 's lightbox ui , which puts the focus on image .
 on xi 's to-do list : fix china 's drinking problem <sec> china is one of 13 countries facing extreme water shortages , according to the u.n . .  the country is home to 20 % of the world 's population , but only has 6 % of its water resources .  yangtze river , once the country 's lifeblood , has now turned blood red .  pollution needs to be cut , but ordinary chinese must also reduce consumption : expert .
 man charged in death of maryland woman ; son missing <sec> new : police charge boy 's stepfather with murder of his mother .  amber alert has been issued for william mcquain , 11 .  the sixth-grader was last seen at school september 30 .  his mother was found dead in the home wednesday , police sa .
 ranking the best and worst vp picks <sec> conservative historian lee edwards ranks best and worst vp picks since 1950s .  al gore makes good list for bringing washington experience to '92 democratic ticket .  dan quayle makes the bad list for his verbal slip-ups .  `` crucial choice : the next vice president '' airs friday at 10 pm et on ac 360â .
 shots fired at marine corps museum in northern virginia <sec> new : the fbi says the shooter probably has grievance against the marine corps .  new : federal officials say they want to speak with the shooter about complaints .  it is the second attack on the marine corps museum in recent days .  two other military buildings in the washington area also have been fired upo .
 man 's rare ability may unlock secret of memory <sec> wisconsin man has extraordinary memory known as hyperthymestic syndrome .  he remembers specific dates , days of week , events from decades ago .  researchers hope to gain new insights into how a superior memory work .
 glaad announces nominations for its media awards <sec> glaad announced 93 nominees in english-language categories .  nomination categories include movies , music , tv and journalism .  lady gaga and elton john are competing for outstanding music artis .
 explore the rustic side of catalina island <sec> two harbors , on catalina 's west end , is much quieter than avalon .  paddling tours visit secluded coves and mysterious caves .  free hiking permits allow visitors to wander the island at wil .
 leroy chiao : the rocket that blew up ( opinion ) <sec> former space shuttle commander : we tend to focus on the launches that fail .  he says it 's a reminder of the difficulty of space flight but we will get through this .  chiao : critics will ask whether it signals privatization of space is a mistake .  he says space flight is following other industries , like airplanes , toward commercializatio .
 facebook : omg ! zuckerberg speaks mandarin ? ! ( opinion ) <sec> mark zuckerberg , facebook 's ceo , shows off his mandarin skills .  cnn 's john sutter questions whether we should be so surprised .  zuckerberg is the ceo of an enormous internet company .  china has the world 's largest population of internet user .
 4 great stress-busting escapes from johannesburg <sec> the drakensberg mountains are just a few hours from johannesburg , but feel like another world .  the midlands are a convenient base to visit famous battlefields around the towns of ladysmith and dundee .  magliesberg is a great place to breathe fresh air and mess about on the rive .
 opinion : is mitch mcconnell the most destructive senate leader ? <sec> ira shapiro says senate is much more divisive place because of mitch mcconnell .  he argues that the traditions of the senate have been about `` mutual trust and respect '' .  the republican minority leader has , says shapiro , taken the senate to a new low .  mcconnell won gop primary for his senate seat , will face democrat alison grime .
 official : fort hood suspect asked military to give muslims an out <sec> official : let muslims be conscientious objectors , maj. nidal malik hasan said .  former classmate says hasan opposed war on terror .  hasan remains in intensive care , has reportedly retained lawye .
 john boehner does n't want war debate until next year <sec> debate in congress over war authorization likely would n't happen until next year .  that 's according to house speaker john boehner .  having the debate in a lame-duck session would be inefficient , boehner believe .
 messi map : how argentine maestro conquered the world <sec> lionel messi has scored 84 goals so far in 2012 .  the barcelona star has scored 72 goals for the catalan club and 12 goals for argentina .  the barcelona star needs just two more goals to break gerd muller 's all-time record .  former germany and bayern munich striker muller scored 85 goals in 197 .
 cloud threats and firewalls : internet guru demystifies cyber security <sec> gil shwed is the ceo of check point , a leading name in computer security software .  he says check point provide security software used by every fortune 100 company .  company launching a new collaborative approach to cyber security called `` threatcloud '' .  `` threatcloud '' will share information on attempted cyber attacks between user .
 gerrie nel : 'bull dog ' prosecutor sinks teeth into oscar pistorius <sec> oscar pistorius trial prosecutor gerrie nel known for no-holds-barred approach to witnesses .  nel shocked courtroom by showing graphic photo of deceased reeva steenkamp .  some observers say nel stepped over the line ; others say nel is just doing his job .  phelps : state has little evidence to disprove pistorius ' case that he is innocent of murder charg .
 asean pushes thailand-cambodia talks to resolve temple dispute <sec> asean official believes there is overwhelming commitment for a peaceful resolution .  cambodia handed over a captured thai soldier on tuesday .  asean says 5 people have been killed in the clashes .  there have long been sporadic clashes over the preah vihear templ .
 formula one 2014 : drivers ready for 'weird ' trip into unknown <sec> f1 is entering a new era , with the opening race of the new season in melbourne .  teams will line up on sunday with uncertainty over reliability of much-changed cars .  world champion sebastian vettel faces battle after problematic series of tests .  mercedes is early favorite while ferrari 's new driver partnership is intriguin .
 mexico 's calderon defends drug war in final state of nation address <sec> president felipe calderon will step down in december .  he will be replaced by enrique pena nieto , who leads a rival party .  more than 47,500 people have died in drug-related violence in mexico since 200 .
 lyndon johnson 's nuclear 'daisy ' ad turns 50 <sec> lyndon b. johnson 's campaign aired the `` daisy '' ad on september 7 , 1964 .  the controversial ad targeted his opponent , republican barry goldwater .  experts say the spot , considered the first political attack ad , changed politics .  monique luiz , the girl who starred in the ad , never saw the full thing until 200 .
 opulent hearst castle a budget road trip <sec> william randolph hearst entertained hollywood stars at his estate near san simeon .  the 165-room estate stretches over 127 acres overlooking the pacific .  hearst filled the rooms with art and antiquities from around the worl .
 u.s. , north korea seek to restart six-party talks <sec> `` we are moving in a positive direction , '' u.s. special representative says .  the decision to have talks stems in part from north-south meetings .  the last full round of six-party talks was in 2008 .  glyn davies will replace stephen bosworth as special envo .
 who travels with a stolen passport ? <sec> two passengers on the missing malaysian airlines flight were traveling on stolen passports .  authorities say there 's no indication of terrorism links .  travelers smuggling drugs , other contraband might use stolen passports , experts say .  human traffickers also may travel on passports to hide their identities , they sa .
 arizona governor defends immigration law ; will meet with president <sec> arizona governor to meet thursday with president barack obama .  gov . .  jan brewer defends her state 's controversial immigration law .  brewer says she 'll ask obama to tighten border securit .
