 building a 'spaceopolis ' in new mexico <sec> spaceport america expects 200,000 yearly visitors once virgin moves in .  the population boom could change the area , which remains remote .  the nearest town , truth or consequences , has 7,000 resident .
 opinion : obama comment sexist ? i call it a compliment <sec> roxanne jones : obama taking huge heat from comment that california ag is good looking .  jones : comment came after praise for accomplishments and was not sexist .  she says a comment in that context is a compliment ; women should know the difference .  jones : president is known for including women 's issues in his agend .
 fed-up officer says 'enough , ' starts senior outreach <sec> police officer zach hudson often saw senior citizens vulnerable and victimized .  he formed a group of volunteers in florida to reach out to seniors and help .  the house calls provide specialized service that police , fire departments usually ca n't .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2012 cnn heroe .
 kenya identifies mall attackers , including american <sec> kenya names an american , a sudanese , a kenyan , and one man with no country listed .  the four died when the part of the mall they were in collapsed , kenyan military spokesman says .  the charred bodies of the four are undergoing dna verification , he says .  the american is named khattab al-kene ; no info on whether he had a different name in the u.s .
 obama turns controversy into jokes , lesson at commencement <sec> president obama addresses graduating class at arizona state university .  asu declined to give him honorary degree because `` his body of work is yet to come '' .  obama jokes in speech that an irs audit of school president , board forthcoming .  lesson for grads : `` there 's always more to do , more to learn , more to achieve .
 report expresses concerns over cia , nypd ties <sec> reports alleged `` inappropriate cia involvement '' with the new york police department .  four cia officers directly collaborated with the police .  muslims accused nypd of unconstitutional spying tactics .  the nypd said the surveillance never produced a terrorist lea .
 police : text messages helped foil teens ' school bomb plot <sec> new : the 18-year-old faces a `` use of weapon of mass destruction '' charge .  new : columbine 's principal notes no `` red flags '' when a suspect interviewed him .  text messages tipped off authorities to the plot , an affidavit says .  the pair apparently planned to escape the scene by plan .
 south korea 's president-elect faces tough challenges <sec> south korea 's first female president park geun hye will take office on monday .  she has promised a conservative policy of `` trustpolitik '' with pyongyang .  park is fiscally conservative and advocates tax cuts for business .  she is the daughter of military dictator park chung hee who was assassinated in 197 .
 the high-tech guns that know who is firing them <sec> omer kiyani shot as teenager , now developing smart gun technology .  smart guns can only be fired by authorized users .  smart tech foundation offering $ 1 million in prizes for smart gun ideas .  some guns use fingerprint sensors , others use chip in owner 's watc .
 court : trial for penn . boy accused of killing his dad 's girlfriend to be closed <sec> authorities say jordan brown , then 11 , shot and kiled his father 's pregnant girlfriend in 2009 .  initially charged as an adult , a pennsylvania judge then ruled he 'd be tried as a juvenile .  3 pennsylvania newspapers argued brown 's proceedings should be open to the public .  a superior court opinion says they 'll be closed to assure the accused boy 's privac .
 hurricane jimena takes aim at baja california <sec> new : hurricane specialist says jimena could reach category 5 strength .  hurricane is currently a category 4 storm with 140 mph winds .  storm is expected to move northwest toward mexico 's baja california .  residents of southern california advised to keep eye on storm 's progres .
 cnn student news transcript - september 2 , 2011 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 arrests made in ring that sold human fat , peru says <sec> peruvian authorities reported to have arrested gang who are selling human fat .  officials investigating disappearances of at least 60 people .  two suspects arrested with a plastic container with human fat in i .
 transforming kenya one bridge at a time <sec> harmon parker 's nonprofit group helps kenyans build footbridges over perilous rivers .  the bridges not only save lives ; they connect people to schools , markets and health care .  parker came to kenya in 1989 as a young missionary with masonry skills .  because of limited financing , he is able to organize only five or six bridge projects a yea .
 boycotts put arizona 's reputation on the line <sec> new : senator asks arizona to hold off on law until congress acts on issue .  opponents of arizona immigration law are calling for an economic boycott of state .  expert : boycott could hurt state 's reputation , lead to long-term economic consequences .  `` history shows that boycotts backfire and harm innocent people , '' arizona governor say .
 all apologies : biden , sebelius sorry for obamacare site debacle <sec> visitors trying to log in to obamacare site early thursday see `` the system is down '' message .  biden said he did n't bother trying to log on because `` it was clear that i was not getting online '' .  obama : `` i take full responsibility for making sure it gets fixed asap '' .  sebelius says she was wrong to tell obama the website was read .
 tymoshenko blasts ukraine leader from prison <sec> the smuggled cell phone video is the first time yulia tymoshenko has been seen since december .  she accuses president yanukovich of heading a `` mafia '' government .  the former orange revolution leader was sent to prison last year for abusing her office .  the u.s. , eu and vladimir putin criticized her sentencing in a `` show trial .
 8 journalists wounded in somalia <sec> 8 journalists wounded in mogadishu .  victims were covering news conference held by al shabaab .  `` wasteful and cowardly act , '' says journalists ' grou .
 3 killed in explosion at restaurant in djibouti <sec> sources do not believe it was a suicide bombing .  a ministry of health official confirms foreigners are among the dead .  the u.s. embassy in djibouti issues a security aler .
 rebels , troops remove heavy guns from ukraine 's donetsk <sec> the withdrawal comes after last month 's peace deal .  a shaky ceasefire has been in place in donetsk and neighboring luhans .
 cai guo-qiang : exploding expectations <sec> chinese artist will curate olympic games ' opening ceremony pyrotechnic display .  uses gunpowder and fireworks to produce spectacular large-scale pieces .  international recognition winning golden lion at 1999 venice biennal .
 workers at spain 's iberia airline step up strike action <sec> workers at spain 's iberia airline join forces for second week of strikes .  pilots , cabin crew and ground staff are protesting at plans for 3,800 layoffs and pay cuts .  airline forced to cancel 1,300 flights , moving 38,000 passengers to other flights .  unions plan to hold a third week of strikes , and threaten to extend action into key easter wee .
 opinion : 'rapebait ' e-mail reveals dark side of frat culture <sec> john foubert : georgia tech frat member sent e-mail to brothers on `` luring your rapebait '' .  foubert says studies show fraternity men three times more likely to rape .  he says frat culture gives peer support for bad behavior but education would help stem it .  foubert : colleges must push for rape prevention programmin .
 natural cures that really work <sec> medical experts weigh in on the internet 's most popular home cures .  yogurt does n't cure yeast infests , nor does black tea bags help cold sores disappear .  some oils , herbs and juices can help treat your ailment .
 german battlefield yields roman surprises <sec> relics found from battle between romans , barbarians in third century .  historians had thought rome had given up control of northern germany by then .  battlefield found by relic-hunters illegally searching for souvenirs of recent war .
 obama seeks bipartisan support for infrastructure upgrade <sec> new : obama calls for a $ 50 billion plan to start upgrading infrastructure .  new : transportation secretary calls claims that stimulus bill failed `` nonsense '' .  some republicans attend a meeting with the president on the matter .  the $ 50 billion could be paid for by closing tax code loopholes , some officials sa .
 dominican republic abortion ban stops treatment for pregnant teen with cancer <sec> a 16-year-old girl with leukemia has n't received treatment because she 's pregnant .  article 37 of the dominican republic 's constitution forbids abortion .  chemotherapy for the girl 's illness will likely terminate her pregnancy .  incident has sparked a renewed debate on abortion laws in the countr .
 arrests made in death of alabama third-grader <sec> stepmother and grandmother of 9-year-old girl are charged with murder .  savannah hardin allegedly was ordered to run around the house as punishment for lying .  etowah county district attorney says she collapsed after an `` all-day marathon .
 tumblr asks users to reset passwords after 'security vulnerability ' <sec> tumblr advises users of its ios apps to update their passwords .  security hole `` allowed passwords to be compromised in certain circumstances '' .  users of tumblr 's iphone , ipad apps can download a security fix from app stor .
 bicycle injuries : is the right-of-way fight getting ugly ? <sec> bicyclist struggles with injury to her left leg a year and a half after hit-and-run .  bicyclists complain that police are n't investigating enough bike traffic accidents .  new york police did n't respond to cnn requests for comment .  new york city considers requiring police to investigate all serious bike accident .
 murder victims summed up with a label <sec> bob greene : recent murder victim will always be `` hollywood publicist ronni chasen '' .  greene : one story , however , offered a hint to her life : she was a yo-yo champ .  bob greene read about friend 's murder : `` the body of a mortgage broker '' was found .  victims become a catchphrase , but one tidbit can offer a clue to the real person , he write .
 syrians in affected regions cut off from aid as violence escalates <sec> `` the humanitarian situation in many parts of syria has reached its lowest point , '' doctor says .  an international aid agency operating inside syria can not reach trapped citizens .  the suffering will only get worse in syria unless there is a way to deliver humanitarian ai .
 official : penn state paid paterno 's estate $ 5.76 million after his death <sec> penn state trustees ousted joe paterno as head football coach last november .  a report later cited his failure to do more about a sex abuse allegation involving sandusky .  his estate got a payout because his ouster was a retirement , not a firing , an official say .
 harry reid breaks ribs , facial bones in exercising accident <sec> president barack obama called the injured incoming senate minority leader .  sen. harry reid broke facial bones and ribs in an exercising accident thursday .  he 's expected back in washington this weekend is expected to fully recove .
 turkish pm calls israel 's syria strikes 'unacceptable ' <sec> new : internet connections go down across syria , according to monitoring sites .  armed group detains four u.n. peacekeepers in syria near israeli-held golan heights .  recep tayyip erdogan says air attacks gave the `` illegitimate syrian regime '' an opportunity .  official : israel is concerned about syria transferring weapons to hezbollah militant .
 prominent activist arrested in bahrain <sec> maryam al-khawaja is a prominent bahraini human rights advocate .  the 27-year-old is one of the most visible figures speaking out against bahrain 's government .  she faces three sets of charges .  many in the country 's shiite majority want more political right .
 magic johnson in cnn exclusive : i will pray for donald sterling <sec> magic johnson says donald sterling is 'living in the stone ages ' .  johnson says sterling disrespected him by questioning his charitable work .  the embattled owner trashed johnson in a cnn interview .  johnson says his only interaction with v. stiviano was to take one pictur .
 security experts : times hacking story a wake-up call <sec> `` you need to take some pretty extreme steps , '' aclu expert says .  journalists tend to not be savvy about digital security , he says .  attorney : cyberattacks from abroad are rarely prosecuted .  `` the cold war has gone digital , '' security analyst say .
 texas church fire suspects appear in court <sec> jason robert bourque and daniel george mcallister face 99 years .  pastor of church they attended tells kltv one was quiet , the other `` mischievous '' .  call to a tip hot line led to the arrests , atf says .  two men charged with arson in connection with one texas church fir .
 philippines president declares martial law in maguindanao <sec> new : martial law invoked to impose peace on the region after unrest .  measure follows killings of 57 people last week in province of maguindanao .  security forces search the home of andal ampatuan jr. , mayor of datu unsay .  authorities say ampatuan jr. directed the november 23 politically motivated killing .
 gas prices see biggest jump of the year <sec> the national average jumped 18 cents over two weeks , the lundberg survey finds .  crude oil prices , the drought , and refinery problems contributed to the price hike .  highest average price was in chicago , lowest was in tucson , arizon .
 cricket 'revolutionary ' greig passes away <sec> tony greig dies in australia following a short battle with lung cancer , aged 66 .  born in south africa , he went on to captain england before moving down under .  greig was one of the key figures in the breakaway world series cricket competition .  australia 's prime minister pays tribute to his `` passion and commitment .
 will the doctor answer your e-mail ? <sec> more patients thoroughly research their conditions online .  dr. kevin pho says they expect doctors who can respond to their concerns using new tools .  he says doctors work in a pressured environment with little time to fully interact with patients .  pho : doctors need incentives to encourage them to engage with e-patient .
 commentary : obama 's 'unclenched fist ' won the prize <sec> steve clemons : many americans shocked that obama won peace prize .  he says the rest of the world sees how obama has changed international tone .  he says obama 's rhetoric has `` reversed the collapse of hope '' in the worl .
 get a conscience , not a costume <sec> rudy ruiz : `` illegal alien '' costume has alien 's face , wears prison garb , carries green card .  ruiz : just because we have a right , we need n't demean people or mock their plight .  says costume reflects the rise of anti-immigrant hostility as a form of racism .  ruiz : if you 're one of the people who are the butt of the joke , it 's not so funn .
 man guilty of killing 'harry potter ' actor <sec> man convicted of murder of teenage actor who starred in new `` harry potter '' film .  karl bishop , 22 , attacked rob knox with 2 knives in southeast london last may .  knife crime in britain is political hot topic due to spate of recent killing .
 wendy davis : i stand with real texans <sec> wendy davis says her filibuster was to get republicans to listen to women of texas .  davis : enough to using texas as a political laboratory for testing far-right ideas . .  davis : enough to using texas as a workshop for giving millions to corporations .  she says state politicians have cut health care , education , reproductive rights to the bon .
 terror fears could help gop in midterms - cnnpolitics.com <sec> poll numbers indicate a sizable advantage for gop in this year 's midterms .  obama 's approval numbers are low ; more people think u.s. is heading in wrong direction .  a new cnn poll shows voter concerns about isis are risin .
 tyler perry is still looking for respect <sec> tyler perry hoping to find market for his films in europe .  perry has already overcome obstacles to get his films seen in america .  latest perry film , `` madea goes to jail , '' is out frida .
 u.s. gets new , hyper-accurate atomic clock <sec> new u.s. atomic clock is unveiled thursday .  the nist-f2 will lose only one second every 300 million years .  it 's three times more precise than last clock used in the united states .  gps , telecommunications , other tech require high precisio .
 tokyo travel : 11 things to know before you go <sec> tokyo tourist arrivals are expected to rise with successful 2020 olympic bid .  travelers can buy a single card to ride all trains and buses .  free wifi is rare .  whether bright and modern or creaky and old , all public baths cost ¥45 .
 india 's light-weight gun for women slammed as 'abhorrent ' <sec> new gun for women in india raises criticisms .  gun is named after gang rape victim , who has been called `` nirbhaya '' .  gun control advocate calls gun `` an insult '' to wome .
 political , military standoff escalates in ukraine 's crimea region <sec> new : pro-russian forces face off with ukrainian troops at crimea base .  new : journalists are attacked by self-styled pro-russian defense forces .  european observers turned back from entering crimea by armed men for a second day .  russian parliament says it 'll back crimea separation vote despite sanctions threa .
 is apple losing its cool ? <sec> john abell : reactions to iphone 5 and ipad mini were , for new apple products , lukewarm .  abell : apple a prisoner of its reputation ; we expect new products in quick succession .  android-run products are threatening the once-invincible apple iphone , he says .  abell : apple 's being ganged up on , but it will stay strong for at least 10 more year .
 dateline davos : cnn 's coverage <sec> comprehensive coverage of news and events at davos on cnn.com and tv .  final session is a unique cnn/wef event broadcast from davos .  tony blair leads the distinguished panel in `` dateline davos '' debat .
 alaska 's mount redoubt erupts again <sec> new : mount redoubt volcano in southern alaska erupted again on saturday .  new : eruption sent ash as high as 45,000 feet in the air , experts said .  new : faa says ash falling around anchorage resulted in closure of the airport .  mount redoubt has been erupting since march 2 .
 americans ' 'amazing ' feats against storm and heat <sec> new : nearly 700,000 remained without power wednesday night .  new : death toll from storms , aftermath now at 22 .  nearly 800,000 people without power wednesday afternoon .  `` amazing what you can do when you have to , '' a west virginia resident say .
 jailed al jazeera journalists denied bail <sec> journalists were arrested december 29 at a cairo hotel .  the three are being held on terrorism-related charges .  they deny charges , saying they were simply doing their jobs .  the trial has drawn international condemnation from human rights group .
 'the meat and potatoes ' of fighting drugs <sec> chelsea , massachusetts , is in the middle of a heroin epidemic .  gov . .  deval patrick declared a public health emergency in massachusetts .  informants help detectives get drugs off the street .  `` you 're constantly pushing back the ocean , basically , '' detective say .
 china crushes tons of illegal ivory in battle against wildlife trade <sec> china crushed 6.15 tons from its stockpile of confiscated elephant ivory .  china accounts for 70 % of the world 's ivory market .  the event comes two months after the u.s. destroyed its own stockpile .  animal welfare groups welcomed the move as a first step to combat wildlife traffickin .
 oprah lands lindsay lohan interview and docu-series <sec> the troubled actress will sit down with oprah after rehab .  there will also be a series about her recovery .  the series is slated to air in 201 .
 diana degarmo and ace young are dating <sec> `` we became best friends through 'hair , ' `` says diana degarmo .  the attraction was immediate for ace young .  when degarmo 's tour ended last summer , young found a way to keep her clos .
 protesters arrested outside the white house <sec> new : civil disobedience act caps weekend conference .  the u.s. park service says more than 100 people were arrested .  all those detained were later released pending a court date .  the protest was against mountain-top minin .
 syria civil war video : two l.a. gang members are deported syrians <sec> police : two claiming to be l.a. gang members in a syria war video had criminal records .  they were of armenian descent and were deported back to syria , records show .  a minority in syria , some armenians have sided with bashar al-assad .  officials : nercis kilajian was deported in 2012 ; sarou madarian was deported in 201 .
