 reward beats risk for art thieves <sec> stolen art can be lost for decades .  soft targets like museums entice thieves , experts say .  stolen rockwell found in steven spielberg 's collection decades after theft .  nothing glamorous about art thieves , expert say .
 opinion : stop the hate on twitter <sec> dean obeidallah says twitter has become a home to sharp exchanges , fights .  he says the social network allows people to release aggression .  obeidallah : it 's inexcusable when people engage in racist , sexist , homophobic rants .  he says twitter users must unite in declaring there 's no room for hat .
 rise in lasers pointed at aircraft in new york , fbi says <sec> reports of laser incidents rise 17 % from last year , the fbi says .  injuries from the lasers are also on the rise .  lasers can cause temporary or permanent blindness .  it is a federal crime to aim a laser pointer at an aircraf .
 package bomb victims knew about loss <sec> jon and marion setzer were killed by a package bomb .  richard parker , their son-in-law , has been charged in their killings .  friends recall the couple as caring and dedicated .  they lost their son at a young age and counseled other .
 north carolina emerald : big , green and very rare <sec> gem is called largest cut emerald in north america .  north carolina pair found it on farm 14 feet below ground .  emeralds and another gem , hiddenite , are found only in that area .  co-owners planning to sell `` carolina emperor .
 7 surprising stories about clutter <sec> one company creates bookcases that can double as coffins .  francis bacon 's messy studio in london took three years to recreate .  the small house movement -- with spaces ranging from 65 to 840 square feet -- is thrivin .
 older olympians bring experience to the games <sec> jessica crisp , 42 , is competing with australia 's 2012 olympic surfing team .  equestrian nick skelton is the uk 's oldest gold medal winner so far at 54 .  lesley thompson-willie , 52 , is coxswain of canada 's women 's rowing team .  horseman ian millar , 65 , is competing in his 10th olympic game .
 college athlete achieves dying wish to play in game <sec> mount st. joseph university freshman lauren hill plays in season opener .  hill is dying from a rare form of brain cancer called diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma .  her school asked ncaa to move season opener so she could play .  her story inspires pro athletes to to raise money for pediatric brain cance .
 al fayed sells soccer 's fulham to billionaire n.f.l . owner khan <sec> mohamed al fayed sells soccer 's fulham to billionaire n.f.l . .  owner shahid khan .  although the selling price was n't revealed , reports suggest it was around $ 230 million .  the cottagers cemented their place in england 's top division under al fayed .  khan moved to the u.s. at the age of 16 and turned himself into one of the world 's richest me .
 nfl reinstates michael vick on conditional basis <sec> new : commissioner : `` we 're dealing with a young man 's life '' .  quarterback can participate in practices , workouts and meetings , nfl says .  vick will also be able to play in his club 's final two preseason games .  vick was sentenced to 23 months on charges related to dogfightin .
 10 cops in brazil accused of killing and hiding body <sec> the incident comes as brazil addresses crime before world cup and the olympics .  the alleged victim was brought in for questioning and was never seen again .  investigators believe the victim was torture .
 no increased infection risk seen with psoriasis , ra drugs <sec> the research contradicts numerous earlier studies that did find an increased risk .  felson , however , says the new findings are n't sufficient to quell the concerns .  previous studies have found that tnf inhibitors as much as double the ris .
 how to make killer vine and instagram videos <sec> some see social videos on instagram and vine as a new form of communication .  to create quality videos , start by keeping the camera steady and picking an engaging subject .  stop-motion videos and how-tos are examples of interesting short content .  this week instagram added the ability to embed photos and video .
 spain celebrates iniesta , world cup <sec> spain win world cup for the first time with 1-0 win over the netherlands .  goal from iniesta in extra time settles final without penalty kicks at soccer city .  dutch lose their third appearance in a world cup final .  game littered by 14 yellow cards and sending off for dutchman johnny heiting .
 ethnic clashes in india kill dozens , displace thousands <sec> tribes people and muslim settlers have attacked and counter-attacked .  there is a history of animosity between the two groups .  police say they fired on mobs engaged in rioting and arson , killing five .  the assam region , known for its tea , is a particularly poor part of indi .
 opinion : arizona 's shameful 'right to discriminate ' bill <sec> matthew whitaker : arizona legislature approved a bill that would allow discrimination .  he says the bill shields those who show religion prompts their discrimination .  he says bill aimed at lgtb community but could affect many groups .  whitaker : arizona complicated , not as biased as often depicte .
 lz : the hypocrisy of l.a. naacp <sec> lz : it 's hypocrisy for naacp to join groups in calling out nba 's former tolerance of sterling .  group 's l.a. chapter accepted money from him , was set to honor him for second time .  lz : abiding sterling 's racism is n't selling out , it 's giving integrity away .  lz : naacp ca n't point finger at nba for tolerating sterling ; it must get own house in orde .
 authorities : tons of drugs went through cross-border tunnel <sec> a dea agent says it is the third `` sophisticated '' tunnel found in the past year .  the tunnel plunged more than 20 feet and had electricity and ventilation , officials say .  authorities seize more than 12 tons of marijuana on either side of borde .
 sen. king on torture report : 'this is not america ' <sec> the senate intelligence committee is releasing its torture report tuesday .  angus king , a maine independent senator , is on the committee .  king is expected to speak on the senate floor after the report 's release at 11 a.m .
 say hello to evernote 's contact-list killer <sec> evernote 's ceo sees his new app as a replacement for address books .  evernote provides a cloud service for tasks such as note-taking .  other apps from the company , like food and skitch , are more popula .
 the backstory : how obama got into the clubb house <sec> sandy and jeff clubb hosted obama 's economic event in their backyard wednesday .  clubbs say they are baffled about how they even got on the list to be considered .  `` it 's like winning the lottery , '' jeff says , `` but without even buying a ticket '' .  sandy clubb said she was told , `` it all came down to your backyard .
 new president : egypt turns page to new era <sec> military council says it is time to leave the past behind and learn lessons from it .  morsi was sworn in before egypt 's constitutional court .  a day earlier , morsi told crowd at tahrir square that his authority comes from all egyptians .  he vows to help free political prisoners , including man convicted in 1993 world trade center blas .
 humanitarian effort begins in georgia <sec> almost 100,000 people displaced by warfare , says u.n. refugee agency .  relief agency : aid work is perilous because of `` continuing russian air raids . '' .  unhcr is starting an `` emergency airlift of relief supplies '' .  russian figures in n. ossetia show 30,000 people entered from s. osseti .
 with carbon limits , obama creates drama for democrats <sec> obama announces new proposal to dramatically reduce carbon emissions from power plants .  it 's a significant plan that will help to shape obama 's legacy .  democrats facing tough election campaigns in red states have come out in oppositio .
 egyptian farmers protest mandatory swine slaughter <sec> farmers in cairo clash with police as health officials take pigs to slaughter .  egypt mandated slaughter of pigs in country over news of swine flu .  there have been no confirmed cases of swine flu in egyp .
 injured vonn faces race against time <sec> lindsay vonn insists she will return from injury to take part at 2014 winter olympics .  u.s. star airlifted to hospital after crashing out of action at women 's super-g tuesday .  vonn facing between six to eight months out after rupturing knee ligaments .  u.s. teammates rally to offer support to injured sta .
 pressure mounts on villas-boas as chelsea crash at west brom <sec> chelsea manager andre villas-boas under further pressure after 1-0 defeat at west brom .  robin van persie brace hands arsenal 2-1 win over liverpool at anfield .  league leaders manchester city move five points clear with 2-0 win over bolto .
 deal in place to rescue american/us air merger <sec> justice department had sued to block the planned combination of the two big airlines .  the deal announced on tuesday requires the carriers to sell certain facilities to boost competitio .
 mass . man who plotted to eat children asks for prison , supervision <sec> geoffrey portway pleaded guilty in may to child porn and solicitation to commit violence .  prosecutors say he planned to kidnap , rape and eat children .  his defense lawyer says portway `` lived in a fantasy world '' and did not harm children .  portway is scheduled to be sentenced tuesda .
 olympic swimmer michael phelps arrested on dui charge <sec> olympic swimmer michael phelps apologizes to people he `` let down '' .  22-time olympic medalist is arrested on a dui charge .  a land rover he was driving in baltimore was stopped for speeding .  phelps , 29 , returned to swimming in april , about two years ahead of next olympic .
 prince harry arrives at u.s. base for live-fire helicopter training <sec> prince harry arrives at a u.s. military base in california .  he will fire live missiles , rockets and cannon from apache attack helicopters .  his training will occur at u.s. military bases in california and arizona .  the majority of british airmen who complete the training go to afghanista .
 mics , cameras found in guatemalan presidential palace <sec> president alvaro colom says microphones , cameras found in palace .  he says `` organized crime '' may be involved .  mexico 's anti-trafficking campaign may have pushed criminals to guatemala , he say .
 want to lose weight ? shut your mouth <sec> dr. jon walz tells all his weight-loss patients to keep their diet plans secret .  research shows telling people your plans can have a detrimental effect .  accountability is key , fitness expert says , but you have to pick your guides carefull .
 year-round haunt spooks vegas <sec> the goretorium is being marketed as the first year-round horror attraction in vegas .  it is the brainchild of filmmaker eli roth , famous for `` hostel '' .  the goretorium is designed as a '60s hotel , complete with guest-driven interactivity and chape .
 flu season shaping up to be bad one , cdc says <sec> flu season has been hard on elderly and those with underlying medical conditions .  there have been 26 pediatric deaths since flu season began in fall , cdc say .
 michael jackson doctor conrad murray seeks bail while waiting on appeal <sec> conrad murray 's lawyer argues the trial judge erred by denying him bail while appealing conviction .  a jury found murray guilty of involuntary manslaughter in michael jackson 's death .  jackson died of an overdose of a surgical anesthetic and sedatives under murray 's care .  murray has about 10 months left to serve unless he is freed earl .
 zimmerman 's lawyer asks to have judge removed from case <sec> new : mark o'mara describes his client , george zimmerman , as `` frightened '' .  new : the lawyer says he 's confident the judge will be removed from the case .  new : the cnn analyst tied to the motion says `` the process '' will resolve the issue .  media outlets are asking that documents in the case be unseale .
 after richard iii , can we find genghis khan ? <sec> paul mullins : the odds of discovering richard iii 's remains were exceptionally slim .  mullins : archaeologists rarely search for individuals , let alone lost monarchs .  he says that some personalities fascinate us , including amelia earhart , genghis khan .  mullins : big discoveries can give us compelling glimpses into past history and cultur .
 opinion : how much are college students learning ? <sec> ben wildavsky : you can find lots of information on u.s. schoolchildren 's performance .  but no tests exist to find out how students are doing in higher education , he says .  wildavsky : we need evidence to be able to see how reforms affect learning at college .  it also would be helpful to find out how undergrads stack up academically , he say .
 an education in sushi with tokyo 's michelin-starred chef <sec> jiro ono has been a sushi chef for around 70 years .  his restaurant in tokyo has three michelin stars .  ono has worn gloves when outside for 45 years to avoid 'contaminating ' foo .
 anti-corruption websites pop up in china <sec> the sites allow people to report bribes and corruption complaints .  chinese state media reports `` citizens ' anti-corruption websites '' are illegal .  one web developer says he has received government permission for his site .  one expert says open-source anti-bribe sites pose serious ethical question .
 connecting a new generation of military widows <sec> taryn davis is helping young military widows find the emotional support they need .  she started the american widow project four months after her husband 's death .  the group 's website has a 24/7 hot line , and many of its members meet in person , too .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2011 cnn heroe .
 snowden claims online obama expanded 'abusive ' security programs <sec> new : man said to be edward snowden claims obama has a chance to `` return to sanity '' .  new : nsa programs face only `` symbolic '' oversight , columnist says .  purported snowden blog post says any possibility of a fair trial has been destroyed .  another post says obama `` deepened and expanded '' abusive security program .
 eurozone unemployment steady at 10 percent <sec> 10 percent unemployment for eurozone , 9.7 percent for wider eu .  both rates unchanged from previous month .  latvia , spain , estonia have highest unemployment .  austria and netherlands have the lowest rate .
 could the celtic tiger rise again ? <sec> twitter announced in september it would set up shop in dublin .  google and facebook have their international headquarters in ireland .  dogpatch labs europe provides space for entrepreneurs .  its head noel ruane believes dublin can rival silicon valle .
 female reporter : being barred from augusta locker room 'inexcusable ' <sec> a security guard did n't let tara sullivan into the masters locker room for an interview .  sullivan says it 's `` inexcusable '' that the guard did n't know the club 's policies .  a spokesman for the elite club apologized , saying , `` it should not have happened '' .  only men can be augusta national members , but female reporters are allowed acces .
 captive ukrainian pilot savchenko sends defiant message <sec> captive ukrainian pilot sends message to putin as she awaits trial in a moscow jail .  nadiya savchenko went on hunger strike for 83 days .  fighter pilot has been in pre-trial detention since last jun .
 dc comics goes for no . 1 , fans conflicted <sec> dc comics will be renumbering 52 of its superhero titles in september .  new comics will be available for download same day they appear in stores .  fans react with skepticism , hop .
 mccain : closing guantanamo bay is the easy part <sec> mccain : closing guantanamo `` wise move , '' but incomplete solution .  senator says decision made without considering where prisoners will go .  mccain wants to see more of a stimulus package , less of a spending package .  senator says people demand , deserve bipartisanship and `` have n't been getting it .
 cruise ship barely squeezes under bridge <sec> royal caribbean 's allure of the seas safely passes under denmark 's storebaelt bridge .  crew lowered the ship 's retractable twin smokestacks and adjusted the ballast .  the vessel is sailing to its home port in in fort lauderdale , florid .
 ramadan provides 'super bowl ' for advert in the middle east <sec> islamic holiday of ramadan seen as opportunity by advertisers .  tv watching increases and big budget adverts are launched .  coca cola and pepsi are biggest spenders in the regio .
 victim 's mom says man claimed to kill daughter in serial killer case <sec> the mother of a victim says a man called claiming he killed 24-year-old melissa barthelemy .  calls from her cell phone were traced to midtown manhattan .  police and federal agents are searching for skeletal remains on long island .  the remains of at least eight bodies have been found since decembe .
 key liberal congressman flips to 'yes ' on health care vote <sec> democratic leaders say timing of vote will depend on cbo figures , which are delayed .  rep. dennis kucinich , d-ohio , on wednesday said he intends to vote for health care bill .  kucinich previously had characterized the bill as a boondoggle for private insurers .  the apparent defection improves chances for the bill 's passag .
 7 ways budget cuts will hit national parks <sec> the national park service is hiring 1,000 fewer seasonal employees this summer .  some park service sites will close on select days or close certain facilities for the summer .  ranger programs and maintenance operations will be curtailed in some park .
 thai lawmaker proposes abortion law after fetuses found <sec> a lawmaker says his proposal would decrease the death rate of women during procedures .  abortion is illegal in thailand unless a woman is endangered by pregnancy or has been raped .  investigators found more than 2,000 fetuses in a temple .  thailand 's prime minister says the existing law should not be change .
 thai and cambodian forces in further border clash <sec> a thai soldier is injured in wednesday 's military exchange , thailand says .  the two countries are fighting over a temple .  the temple sits on a cliff in cambodia , but the most accessible entrance is from thailand .  thailand believes the temple is in its territor .
 mark pryor grills tom cotton on women 's issue <sec> pryor 's campaign released a pair of videos wednesday , both highlighting women 's issues . .  recent polling shows cotton and pryor are in a statistical dead heat . .  both campaigns are reaching out to women voters this week .
 michelle obama to attend olympic games opening <sec> michelle obama will be urging americans to `` turn their inspiration into action '' .  she will lead the u.s. delegation to the opening of the london olympics .  the opening ceremony takes place in british capital on july 2 .
 confessions of a 40-something woman <sec> columnist lisa kogan heads toward 50s with fond look back at younger years .  back then , she still had her `` new car smell '' and could enjoy solitude .  says women in her generation are tired , considering scheduling a breakdown .  but since no one is sleeping these days , she 'd like life-affirming , really fun se .
 opinion : a mother 's day card for miss twyford <sec> bob greene : former classmate 's fifth-grade teacher sent copy of 1958 mother 's day card .  students had given the card to miss twyford , beloved teacher who had no children .  greene : miss twyford says she treasures card ; only mother 's day card she 's received .  greene : she 's taught 700 kids ; all would surely say : happy mother 's day , miss twyfor .
 jordan executes prisoners after isis kills hostage <sec> jordan executes sajida al-rishawi and ziad karboul .  president obama meets with jordan 's king after pilot 's murder .  analysts predict the brutality of its latest video could come back to bite isi .
 new york governor to push same-sex marriage bill <sec> david paterson : `` too long we have pretended '' that gay people have equal rights .  paterson vows to introduce the bill that former gov . .  eliot spitzer tried to pass .  the bill would legalize same-sex marriage in the state of new yor .
 victim 's wife : kidnappers ' silence 'very cruel ' <sec> lourdes batista says of perplexing motive , `` this is why i ca n't sleep at night '' .  felix batista was kidnapped december 10 outside a restaurant in saltillo , mexico .  felix batista is skilled crisis responder who helped families of kidnapping victims .  violence , kidnappings plague mexico ; many abductions go unreporte .
 of cavities , love and paradise in india <sec> family members asked cnn 's moni basu to accompany them on a trip to her native india .  she volunteered to work at a dental clinic for poor kids in the himalayan city of leh .  she went with her husband 's niece and nephew and their father , a pediatric dentist .  basu saw her homeland through an entirely new len .
