 woman on first date plunges to death off balcony <sec> jennifer rosoff was on a date when they stepped out to her 17th-floor balcony .  police say the balcony 's railing broke and she landed on construction scaffolding .  property manager of building : `` we are cooperating fully with the investigation '' .  as a precaution , residents of building told to stay off their balconie .
 china and india 's smoldering problem <sec> chinese premier makes first foreign trip since taking role to india .  visit comes weeks after chinese troops crossed the border into india .  two countries have been involved in a land dispute for more than a century .  analyst says there 's no appetite for a fight between the two most populous nation .
 china 's 'lost generation ' recall hardships of cultural revolution <sec> millions of young people sent from city to country during china 's cultural revolution .  under mao zedong , the communist party was purged of `` bourgeois '' elements .  hu rongfen was a middle school student sent away from her home in shanghai .  hu : `` we were told that city dwellers never move their limbs and could not distinguish different crops .
 a gay son and his dad give thanks <sec> paul begala says his friends have a terrific son , joe ; strong , intelligent , sensitive and also gay .  this was no problem to his smart , loving parents ; but at 13 , joe tried to kill himself , he says .  he says the dad wrote a book about helping joe through difficulties as he came out .  begala : it offers a good reminder at thanksgiving , as families share love and acceptanc .
 workers hit streets on may day in cuba <sec> thousands of cuban demonstrators , trade unionists gather from around world .  `` i am marching for cuba and for the cuban revolution , '' one cuban marcher says .  cuba had billed march as rebuke to international criticism over human right .
 verdict in strauss-kahn trial to be read in june <sec> strauss-kahn : `` i have the feeling i have been listened to '' .  prosecutor 's office has long said there was n't enough evidence to pursue the case .  but investigative magistrates pursed case against him and other .
 skype app lets you pay for wi-fi by the minute <sec> the internet phone giant launched `` skype wifi '' in the apple store wednesday .  the app allows you to connect to wi-fi hotspots and only pay for the minutes you use .  access rates start at $ 0.06 per minute , but may be more depending on the provide .
 obama : new sanctions on russia over ukraine - cnnpolitics.com <sec> vladimir putin says u.s. sanctions are pushing russia-u.s. relations into a stalemate .  president barack obama says russia failed to take steps to end ukraine conflict .  new sanctions target russian banks , energy , defense firms , as well as ukraine separatists .  the pentagon says russia has increased troops at ukraine 's borde .
 rock the conflict : jewish and palestinian metal bands tour for peace <sec> two israeli bands -- one jewish the other arab -- touring europe together .  bands hope their tour will show how music can unite people across political and religious divides .  other arab-israeli musical projects have highlighted power of music to foster peaceful relations .  'the only conflict we have is who is going to pay the bill , ' says singer kobi farh .
 american gets nearly 20 years for sexually abusing haitian boys <sec> new : several of the victims spoke about the abuse .  douglas perlitz began a charitable school in cap-haitien .  he was believed to be a great humanitarian .  perlitz admitted to engaging in sexual conduct with eight minor .
 haiti earthquake : friday news updates <sec> read twitter feeds to stay up to date on the latest in haiti .  read cnn.com 's complete special coverage of the haiti earthquake .  ireport : looking for loved one .
 kurds : we 've retaken land near sinjar mountain in iraq <sec> coalition aircraft conduct 48 airstrikes near sinjar on tuesday night .  kurdish forces say they fought back isis near sinjar mountain with help from airstrikes .  u.s. says 1,300 airstrikes so far have killed high level officials and are slowing down isis .  pentagon general uses arabic term for isis at news conference and calls it `` daesh .
 book combines comics , history -- and zombies <sec> `` zombie survival guide : recorded attacks '' released wednesday .  author max brooks says he 's always been a `` history nerd '' .  romans , cavemen and ninjas all get a crack at undead in graphic novel .  brooks and brazilian artist ibraim roberson worked remotely on projec .
 iaaf president lamine diack : 'no problem ' with russia 's anti-gay laws <sec> iaaf president lamine diack has `` no problem whatsoever '' with russia 's anti-gay law .  diack was speaking in moscow ahead of the world athletics championships .  u.s. president barack obama has criticized the laws as against the spirit of the olympics .  a 320,000-signature strong petition protesting the law was handed to the ioc this wee .
 take moment to celebrate berlin wall fall ( opinion ) <sec> november 9 marks 25th anniversary of fall of berlin wall .  james a. baker was secretary of state the day the berlin wall fell .  anniversary a moment to celebrate `` magical moment , '' baker say .
 french journalists accused in chad child row return home <sec> new : french president returns to france with three released journalists .  journalists are among seven europeans freed sunday in child `` kidnap '' row .  there are still 14 other people in custody in chad .  father : `` they never said they would take away our children .
 a community constrained by taboos and stereotypes <sec> india grants hijras the right to self-identify their gender , a historic ruling to end discrimination .  activists say supreme court has come out with conflicting judgments on transgenders and gay community .  india 's transgender community is seen as disproportionately vulnerable to hiv despite its tiny siz .
 nadal wins in tokyo as roddick exits ; djokovic in china semis <sec> rafael nadal beats russia 's dimitry tursunov in the quarterfinals of japan open .  world number one will next play viktor troicki of serbia for place in final .  second seed andy roddick lost to france 's gael monfils , who faces radek stepanek .  world no . .  2 novak djokovic will play american john isner for place in china open fina .
 house uncovered in nazareth dating to the time of jesus <sec> house is first dwelling found in nazareth from jesus ' era , archaeologists say .  discovery came during excavation for a new center honoring mary .  home found near church of the annunciation , the spot where some believe mary lived .  dwelling consists of two rooms , courtyard , handmade cistern to collect rai .
 women who create gifts that give back <sec> joan hornig made a fortune in business and focuses on jewelry to fund charities .  profits from her necklaces , bracelets , earrings go to charity of buyer 's choice .  lovetta conto escaped liberia 's civil war to grow up in a refugee camp .  half of her jewelry profits go to shelters for displaced childre .
 fashion-forward first lady hits all the right notes <sec> instyle 's hal rubenstein says michelle obama has dropped first lady uniform .  she has parade of dresses , cinched trenches , wide-legged trousers , full skirts .  outfits come in intense florals or unexpected hues like chartreuse and emerald .  obama knows power of accessories : cool flat boot , wide belt , a statement necklac .
 kraft recalls 96,000 pounds of hot dogs after packaging problem <sec> kraft is recalling 96,000 pounds of hot dogs .  officials : packages contain cheese dogs , but labels do n't reflect the ingredients .  kraft says it voluntarily recalled the hot dog package .
 3 mexican brothers extradited to u.s. to face 25 counts linked to sex trafficking <sec> the perez brothers have been extradited to the united states .  other charges include interstate prostitution , alien smuggling and money laundering .  the indictments are a result of the bilateral human trafficking enforcement initiativ .
 colorado theater shooting suspect offers to plead guilty <sec> court documents say prosecutors have n't accepted the offer .  james holmes ' trial date is set for august 5 .  he makes the offer in exchange for avoiding the death penalty .  holmes ' attorneys say they are still exploring a mental health defens .
 discharged under 'do n't ask , do n't tell ' <sec> iraq vet darren manzella was discharged under `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' policy .  manzella had told his supervisor about harassing calls , e-mails years earlier .  the sergeant served a second tour in iraq while his unit knew he was gay .  discharge came after a network tv interview as gay serviceman in combat zon .
 insurgents take aim at bagram air base ; army says 7 attackers killed <sec> five service members hurt , building damaged in attack using rockets , small arms , grenades .  personnel ordered to bunkers for 90 minutes after airbase attacked , army spokeswoman says .  taliban spokesman says 20 armed men in suicide vests stormed base in `` major firefight .
 playing no . 2 to tiger woods at the masters suits rory mcilroy <sec> rory mcilroy says losing his no . .  1 spot to tiger woods could help him return to form .  woods regained the top ranking with his eighth career win at bay hill invitational .  mcilroy aims to play his way into form at the houston open this weekend .  victory would return the 23-year-old to top spot ahead of next month 's master .
 who is the english speaker in isis ' 'flames of war ' ? <sec> isis has released a propaganda video aimed at english speakers .  u.s. intelligence is investigating one jihadist on the video who speaks perfect english .  the militant has what appears to be a north american accent .  it is not known whether he is from the west , or spent some time ther .
 opinion : reviled for living apart from my kids <sec> when rahna reiko rizzuto divorced , her ex-husband got physical custody of kids .  she lived down the street , seeing boys often , going to pta , games , helping with homework .  but she received death threats and was called `` garbage '' and `` worse than hitler '' .  rizzuto : moms leave home for many reasons ; we need new models for moms and dad .
 opinion : ca n't miss op-eds of 2013 <sec> cnn opinion rounds up ten of the most shared pieces of 2013 .  lz granderson : on not-so normal days , teachers are also asked to be heroes .  bruce schneier : welcome to an internet without privacy ; we 're here with hardly a fight .  david rothkopf : hillary clinton is likely to be the next president of the u.s .
 pakistan trio banned by cricket 's anti-corruption body <sec> former captain salman butt banned along with mohammad asif and mohammad amir .  pakistani cricketers found guilty of `` spot-fixing '' during test series in england .  asif and amir said to have deliberately bowled no-bowls under instruction from agent .  the tribunal said that butt was aware of this illegal arrangemen .
 interactive video turns facebook fears into 2 minutes of horror <sec> `` take this lollipop '' mines facebook fears to make a short horror video .  in the viral clip , a creepy , crazed guy peers at your facebook profile .  creator jason zada says it shows how online `` privacy is dead '' .  as halloween nears , more than 2 million people have shared the vide .
 dozens killed in pakistan market blasts <sec> 36 dead , dozens hurt following two explosions at market in lahore .  explosions could have been bombs detonated by remote control , police say .  ten killed , including two police officers , in suicide attack in peshawa .
 aig insurance company executive missing in california <sec> omar meza has been missing since last thursday .  his wife diane says she talked with him late thursda .
 aids day : what 's prince harry 's secret ? # feelnoshame <sec> december 1 is world aids day , which is aimed at raising awareness of the virus globally .  prince harry co-founded the charity sentebale in lesotho in 2006 , for hiv-affected children .  sentebale is running a # feelnoshame campaign for world aids day .  throughout the day , celebrities including prince harry are revealing their secret .
 bendtner hat-trick sends arsenal through <sec> arsenal thrash porto 5-0 to cruise into the quarterfinals of the champions league .  nicklas bendtner scores hat-trick as the london side overturn first leg deficit .  bayern munich are also through to the last eight despite losing 3-2 to fiorentin .
 un rights chief urges action over migrant boat sinking <sec> u.n. human rights chief urges probe into alleged deliberate sinking of a packed migrant boat .  if true , he says , `` we are looking at what amounts to mass murder in the mediterranean '' .  survivor tells of people smugglers laughing as they rammed the boat , watched it sink .  children are among as many as 500 people feared dead ; 11 survivors have been foun .
 cycling soweto : 5 things you wo n't see from a car <sec> cycling is one of the best ways to see this huge former black township .  you can drink a beer in a `` shebeen , '' an informal bar .  vilakazi street has been home to two novel peace prize winners -- mandela and desmond tut .
 'baby grace ' capital murder trial begins <sec> kimberly dawn trenor accused of killing her 2-year-old known as `` baby grace '' .  child 's body was found in plastic container on island in texas ' galveston bay .  trenor could receive sentence of life in prison if convicte .
 how much will city election change ferguson , missouri ? <sec> two more african-americans have been elected to the ferguson city council .  tuesday 's vote is the first in ferguson since the shooting death of michael brow .
 area 51 officially acknowledged by cia <sec> the cia officially acknowledges area 51 , long a fixation for conspiracy theorists , in documents .  the area , 125 northwest of las vegas , was a testing ground for cold war aerial surveillance .  document release could be just the beginning of area 51 information , expert say .
 firefighters battle blaze near yosemite <sec> new : the rim fire , which has burned nearly 200,000 acres , is 32 % contained .  `` it looked like a thunderhead cloud , but it was smoke , '' hiker says of fire 's smoke .  blaze has cost more than $ 39 million to date .  forest service chief says firefighting will continue for week .
 former argentina dictator to go on trial in rights abuse case <sec> jorge rafael videla accused of kidnapping and torture .  former army corps head also will go on trial .  right-wing dictatorship ruled from 1976-83 .  up to 30,000 people were tortured or killed during `` dirty war .
 justice department joins michigan shooting probe <sec> milton hall was killed in a confrontation with police in saginaw , michigan .  prosecutors and police are looking into his death .  civil rights investigators for the justice department join the investigatio .
 should we always believe the victim ? ( opinion ) <sec> randazza : a story with a rape allegation carries an electric charge .  `` rape culture '' means using emotional power of rape to promote an agenda , he says .  uva gang rape allegations confirmed what he wanted to believe , randazza says .  randazza : due process loses , ethics are out the window , because there is an agend .
 south korean trade official abducted in libya , report says <sec> south korean taken from his car in tripoli , yonhap news agency reports .  his whereabouts and motive for abduction unknown .  seoul tells south koreans in libya to leave the north african country .  libya government struggling to impose law and orde .
 zimbabwe judge orders opposition politician back to jail <sec> bennett is a movement for democratic change politician .  he is arrested before he was to be sworn in as deputy agriculture minister .  he faces charges of possessing weapons for sabotage , banditry and terrorism .  pm is trying to meet with president mugabe about the latest developmen .
 alex ferguson 's wine collection up for auction <sec> alex ferguson will auction of part of his private wine collection .  the scot spent 26 successful years as manager of manchester united .  the total worth of the lots up for auction is said to be $ 5 million .  ferguson won 13 epl titles and two european champions league crowns at unite .
 veterans ' facilities fall short in women 's treatment standards <sec> gao report finds centers lacking in simple accommodations .  veterans ' agency says it is working hard for improvement .  aging infrastructure expected to complicate efforts .  number of women enrolled for care expected to rise 30 percent over five year .
 obama 's midterm message : believe me , we 're better off <sec> obama says economy is doing better despite remaining hardships .  in speech in illinois , he slams republicans for blocking agenda .  a majority of americans still disapprove of how obama has handled economy .  democrats hope to win midterm voters with their economic messag .
 one indiana prison escapee caught ; two still at large <sec> new : escapee found near chicago mayor 's michigan vacation home .  charles smith was captured monday 8 miles from prison .  two murderers and rapist apparently broke out of prison sunday , officials say .  escape via tunnels under prison was `` very unusual occurrence , '' official say .
 baseball great stan 'the man ' musial dies at 92 <sec> musial played 22 years in the major league , all with the st. louis cardinals .  he retired in 1963 as , statistically , one of the best hitters in baseball history .  he died saturday evening of natural causes , his grandson says .  baseball commissioner , players , fans recall musial as a great athlete and ma .
 magma expanse under yellowstone supervolcano more vast <sec> scientist measured the thousands of small earthquakes in yellowstone to scan the earth underneath it .  they discovered a vast magma reservoir fueling a vast one scientists already knew about .  prehistoric eruptions of yellowstone supervolcano were some of earth 's largest explosion .
 big plans , tiny creations win at world 's largest design prize <sec> the winners of the biennial index : award 2013 were announced thursday .  cnn.com readers voted for the people 's choice award , which was won by smart highway .  the €500,000 award is the biggest in design , with five innovations sharing the rewar .
 nadal , federer through to u.s. open semifinals <sec> nadal beats fernando verdasco to reach u.s. open semifinals .  federer beats soderling in quarterfinal ; will face djokovic in last four .  federer has yet to drop a set in this year 's u.s. open in new york .  federer remains on course for record-breaking sixth u.s. open crow .
 henry and toure to leave barcelona <sec> france international thierry henry has been told he can leave barcelona this summer .  the 32-year-old has been strongly linked with a move to mls side new york red bulls .  ivory coast midfielder yaya toure is also expected to leave the spanish side .  the 27-year-old is set to join his brother kolo at english club manchester cit .
 portugal energy boss : 'do n't believe ' country needs more aid <sec> boss of portugal 's largest energy provider says country will avoid second bailout .  antonio mexia told cnn 'i do n't want to believe ' in the need for more financial help .  european leaders have taken steps to deepen financial ties in the eurozone .  mexia said long-term conditions needed to be created for the transfer of wealth between north and sout .
 brave new era for saudi arabia 's women workers ? <sec> female engineers works side-by-side with male counterparts .  saudi arabian king pushes for more women in workforce .  one in five women in the kingdom currently work .  banned from driving , gender segregation is the nor .
 jewish settlers blamed over mosque attack <sec> mosque in west bank village of yasuf set ablaze and vandalized .  local governor says he believes jewish settlers were responsible .  israeli defense minister barak calls on israeli army to find those responsible .  israel has ordered 10-month freeze on new settlement construction in west ban .
 gun violence task force begins work amid mourning in connecticut <sec> `` we have to take action , '' vice president joe biden says .  nancy lanza is buried at an undisclosed location , a family friend says .  adam lanza will be buried `` if anything ... in the spring , '' he adds .  three 6-year-old victims are buried ; bells will ring friday in observance of one-week mar .
 13 detained in turkish car bombs <sec> at least 47 people were killed and scores were wounded in the bombings .  police are continuing their investigation .  turkey has sheltered many syrian refugee .
 debunking the myths of columbine , 10 years later <sec> columbine was named the top news story of 1999 , according to the pew center .  when media coverage faded , officials learned some of the initial reports were wrong .  one myth is eric harris and dylan klebold were part of the trench coat mafia .  killers wanted to be more infamous than oklahoma city bomber timothy mcveig .
 rory mcilroy sets the pace as tiger woods misses cut <sec> rory mcilroy sets halfway pace at pga championship .  world no.1 cards second round 67 for nine-under 133 .  tiger woods misses cut after second straight 74 .  phil mickelson finishes with an eagle to go six-unde .
 could this be the scariest hotel swimming pool ever ? <sec> holiday inn pool in shanghai stretches over street , 24 stories up .  portion of pool has glass bottom and is suspended in mid-air .  the pool was designed by singaporean firm chan sau yan associate .
