 facebook lets users opt out of facial recognition <sec> new : facebook apologizes , says tag suggestions are available now `` in most countries '' .  facebook will start scanning and identifying all pictures uploaded in the next few weeks .  users can now opt out by clicking a few buttons on their privacy settings pages .  it 's unclear how well facebook 's facial-recognition software work .
 character actor harry carey jr. dies <sec> harry carey jr. appeared in nearly 100 films , many of them westerns .  he played alongside john wayne in 10 films , including `` red river '' and `` the searchers '' .  a world war ii navy veteran , he tried his hand at singing before becoming an acto .
 mexico quickly becoming favorite place for car thieves <sec> about 60,000 vehicles were stolen in just over a year , mexican insurers report .  the problem is particularly acute in the capital of mexico city .  observers predict car thefts will rise further as world economic crisis worsens .  one mexican man says he 's had two new cars stolen in three month .
 poisoned chalice ? swine flu hits church wine <sec> archbishops of canterbury and york recommend churches stop sharing chalice .  follows government advice not to share `` common vessels '' for food or drink .  church says move is to help stop spread of swine fl .
 10 of america 's best historic restaurants <sec> trends come and go , but these restaurants have lasted through the decades .  keens steakhouse in new york was founded in 1885 .  great architecture and inventive cuisine are married at canlis in seattle .  cisco 's bakery is widely known for serving the best breakfast in austi .
 how the holidays spread the flu <sec> david zich : this flu season definitely ranks as one of the worst i 've seen .  zich : this outbreak is worse than average due to , more than anything , poor timing .  he says the holiday period was the perfect storm for the spread of influenza .  zich : the peak onset of the flu coincided with a time when our immunity was dow .
 'once upon a time ' casts 'frozen ' characters kristoff and anna <sec> characters from `` frozen '' are joining `` once upon a time '' .  casting for elsa has n't been revealed yet .  the arc will ostensibly pick up after the events of the fil .
 japanese inn famous for beautifying baths <sec> kamigoten ryokan has been run by the same family since 1658 .  the inn is famous for its onsen baths , which some claim have beautifying effects .  ryujin village became a popular retreat for top samurai warriors during japan 's edo period ( 1600-1868 .
 eleventh body found in new mexico desert <sec> new : eleventh body found at site west of albuquerque , new mexico .  one body found earlier has been identified as a prostitute reported missing in 2004 .  first bodies were discovered two weeks ago by a woman walking her do .
 supermodel gets community service for air rage <sec> naomi campbell could have faced prison for up to six months .  supermodel was given `` credit '' by the court for her guilty plea .  campbell admitted to assault , using threatening and abusive language .  witnesses say campbell was involved in a dispute over her luggag .
 is this the 'wille horton ' ad of 2014 ? <sec> campaign ad for nebraska incumbent rep. lee terry slams democrat brad ashford .  it criticizes his support for a `` good time '' law that led to convict 's early release .  ad notes the convict later killed four peopl .
 reporter : bangkok sniper bullet 'felt like it grazed my head ' <sec> reporter was interviewing thai opposition figure when man was shot in head .  many thai protesters has set up a makeshift barricade , reporter says .  more than two dozen civilians , military personnel have died from police-protester clashe .
 apparently this matters : wristwatch counts down to your death <sec> tikker counts down to let you know when you will die .  the idea is to make you aware of death and appreciate being alive .  the tikker watch also tells normal tim .
 colombian farmers find safety , success in growing alternatives to coca <sec> some colombian farmers take huge drop in income for more safety , peace .  national security adviser : `` you need to stabilize those drug-producing areas '' .  u.s. estimates : cocaine production in colombia fell 61 % between 2001 and 2009 .  government helped alternative enterprises start u .
 report : 6 million pounds of gunpowder improperly stored in louisiana <sec> ksla : the town of doyline , louisiana , remains evacuated .  the gunpowder was found during an investigation after an october 15 blast .  police personnel and company employees are trying to safely remove the stockpil .
 caffeine kicks : budapest 's battling coffee houses <sec> budapest 's brand of dark , bitter coffee was a staple during communist years and is still enjoyed by many .  a new breed of coffee shop selling barista-made creations is challenging the city 's old guard .  newer shops include madal and espresso embassy , while older venues include bambi and coffee ca .
 apple has an obligation to help solve america 's problems <sec> apple says the company has no obligation to help solve america 's problems .  does apple owe anything to uncle sugar ? .  clyde prestowitz says yes .  prestowitz : apple should tell suppliers it wants more components made in the u.s . .  apple can also move some of its assembly operations to mexico , prestowitz say .
 taming the lionfish : florida fights back against invasive species <sec> florida fisherman struggling to cope with an influx of lionfish in recent years .  invasive species has no natural predators in atlantic and caribbean waters .  lionfish could provoke major shifts in the ecology of the local reef system .  campaigns to get more people to eat lionfish backed by noa .
 israeli cabinet votes to end military pass for ultra-orthodox jews <sec> ultra-orthodox jews in israel have been exempt from military service .  arrangements have prompted a growing sense of resentment and anger among other israelis .  the ultra-religious haredim make up about 10 % of the country .  the full parliament has yet to consider the legislatio .
 women wonder about their mom 's sexuality <sec> joyce mcfadden asked women what they want to know about their moms but wo n't ask .  half of the respondents wanted to know more about their mothers ' sexuality .  mcfadden : we study our mothers all the time as we grapple with our own identity .  one risk : you may learn things that you 're not prepared to kno .
 google maps to get big , personal redesign <sec> google maps to roll out redesign with better navigation tools and a view from space .  incidents that might affect traffic will be shown on the map in real time .  the maps will be personalized , showing custom information for each clic .
 americans taking fewest vacation days in four decades <sec> study finds u.s. workers forfeited $ 52.4 billion in time-off benefits in 2013 .  in 2013 , they took average of 16 vacation days , compared with 20.3 in 2000 .  with more people doing jobs of fewer people , many have too much work , says consultan .
 mental health advocates : shortage of beds could mean more violence <sec> advocates warn that a national shortage of psychiatric beds could portend more violence .  number of state psychiatric beds decreased by 14 % between 2005 and 2010 .  virginia averages 17.6 state beds per 100,000 people , which is higher than average .  at least three virginia hospitals had psychiatric beds one day before state senator stabbe .
 rowdy protests belie aborigines ' complex role in australia <sec> protests involving aborigines last week prompt introspection and alarm in australia .  many commentators say protests do n't represent views of aborigine community .  aborigines lag behind the overall population in terms of health , wealth and education .  some say indigenous australians should n't be treated as disadvantaged grou .
 obama withdrawal puts xi in apec box seat <sec> chinese president xi jinping and russian president vladimir putin speak at apec monday .  u.s. president barack obama canceled his trip to asia to deal with the u.s. shutdown .  comes as u.s. trying to pivot foreign policy strategy to be a bigger player in asia .  hiscock : obama 's withdrawal is a gift for putin and xi , as they steal the limeligh .
 thousands of zimbabwean youth flee to south africa <sec> 25 percent of zimbabwe 's population has fled the nation , humanitarian groups say .  in november , 1,016 kids traveled to south africa , social workers say .  most children say they leave due to hunger , poverty , non-functioning schools .  boys work in south african farms , beg on streets ; girls become prostitutes , maid .
 turkish government asks kurdish prisoners to end hunger strike <sec> a turkish human rights group says some of the prisoners have n't eaten in 43 days .  the justice minister asked the hunger-strikers to stop their action .  erdogan 's government has made overtures to the kurdish populatio .
 opinion : is rush limbaugh still relevant ? <sec> rush limbaugh and his radio network are at odds .  dean obeidallah says limbaugh 's caustic approach has turned off advertisers .  he says america has changed , limbaugh has n't and his time is pas .
 google taking more cautious stance on privacy <sec> google has appointed lawyers to work with developers on new products .  for the first time , google canned a finished project due to privacy concerns .  the product would have used facial recognition to find out who someone i .
 bundesliga strugglers hertha sack coach favre <sec> hertha berlin sack coach lucien favre after dismal start to bundesliga season .  hertha 's 5-1 defeat to hoffenheim left them rooted to the foot of german table .  the club have lost six league games in a row and slumped out of german cu .
 'dallas ' does dallas : where to find the ewings now <sec> new incarnation of 'dallas ' debuts june 13 .  the city has changed a lot since the original show premiered in 1978 .  there 's still plenty of unapologetic glam fit for the ewing .
 castro scoffs at death rumors : 'i do n't even remember what a headache is ' <sec> the article is accompanied by photos of castro in a garden .  venezuela 's former vice president says castro `` is doing very well '' .  speculation has surged over castro 's health in recent week .
 up in the sky , look : it 's supermoon ! <sec> a supermoon occurs about once a year .  it is much larger and brighter than an average full moon .  it happens when the moon is full and the moon is at its closest point to earth .  the moon will set over some of the u.s. before reaching its closest poin .
 police say jakarta hotel bombers were guests <sec> police say bombers had earlier checked into marriott hotel .  death toll in bomb attacks now six with at least 50 injured .  police defuse bomb found on 18th floor of jw marriott hotel in jakarta .  indonesian president : too early to determine who was behind the attack .
 agent 99 gets smart on fashion and fame <sec> anne hathaway plays agent 99 in the movie `` get smart '' .  the actress says she 's more conservative than most in her style .  audrey hepburn and gwen stefani are among her style icons .  hathaway started working out three months before filming the movi .
 'horrible tragedy ' mars christmas in connecticut <sec> new : 2 people made it out alive , officials say .  new : stamford mayor michael pavia says stamford has probably never had a worse christmas day .  new : it will be days before investigators can determine what happened , a fire official say .
 wozniacki wins battle of former world no.1 's in dubai <sec> caroline wozniacki beats ana ivanovic 6-3 7-5 in dubai open quarterfinals .  both players have been former world number one ranked .  agnieszka radwanska thrashes sabine lisicki in their quarterfinal .  jelena jankovic beats sam stosur to reach the semifinal .
 conson downgraded to tropical storm , heads toward vietnam <sec> conson is downgraded to a tropical storm .  the storm has been blamed for at least 39 deaths in the philippines .  conson is forecast to move through the gulf of tonkin on saturda .
 five favorite moments from the first weekend of the sochi olympics <sec> ashley wagner appeared to say a bad word after her score was announced .  slopestyle , dude , is pretty cool , and we 're not just sayin ' that because americans won .  daft punk song gets the choir treatment in opening ceremony .  vladimir putin almost looks like he had fun watching russia win first gold meda .
 cnn exclusive : video shows isis recruiting afghans <sec> there 's no shortage of battle-hardened militants in afghanistan , writes nick paton-walsh .  concerns are growing about how isis may expand into the country .  a senior u.s. official fears disaffected taliban might be attracted to the grou .
 review : 'the hangover part iii ' another cold and ugly misfire <sec> the gang is all back for this `` hangover '' sequel .  this time the action takes them to mexico .  critic calls it `` a comedy for sociopaths .
 medvedev expects 'reasonable solution ' to u.s. nuclear standoff <sec> relations have `` begun to revive '' after bush administration , he says .  treaty on strategic nuclear weapons tops his agenda for obama summit .  he says russia `` is not against the development '' of u.s. missile defense pla .
 indiana student returns home from mexico after visa mix-up <sec> olivas was granted a waiver thursday .  she had faced a three-year ban from the united states .  olivas was an undocumented immigrant to the united state .
 5 things to watch in obama 's state of the union <sec> will obama 's gop jabs outweigh any olive branches ? .  state of the union addresses can sometimes be policy laundry lists .  sometimes issues not mentioned say more than what 's in the speech .  what michelle obama wears might be biggest surprise of the nigh .
 new beer 's eve : happy days were here again <sec> brewers , beer lovers celebrate 75th anniversary of return of beer on monday .  change in law in 1933 made beer legal after 14 years of prohibition .  `` new beer 's eve '' provided instant economic boost during depression .  quickly brewed , weak beverage probably tasted bad , expert say .
 do n't jump to conclusions about census <sec> census puts u.s. population at 308.7 million , with red states generally posting fastest growth .  singer : some analysts say census results will strengthen the gop .  she says minorities account for much of the growth and historically have favored democrats .  singer : in most of the states that gained seats , eligible latinos tend to vote democrati .
 fake new york times op-ed a wikileaks hoax <sec> fake editorial purportedly by ex-new york times editor fools some on web .  in it , the times ' bill keller , a wikileaks critic , appears to support the group .  times ' blog editor nick bilton shared it on twitter , before deleting post .  on twitter , wikileaks takes credit for the rus .
 microsoft apologizes for 'crass ' amy winehouse tweet <sec> after an hour or so of online criticism , microsoft tweeted a follow-up apology .  apple posted an image of winehouse on the front of the itunes store .  sales of `` back to black '' increased 37 times immediately after winehouse 's deat .
 counting begins in controversial myanmar election <sec> obama says voting was not free or fair .  voting ends in myanmar 's first election in 20 years .  election workers for the ruling junta 's party showed people how to vote .  opposition parties say they do n't have the money to campaign effectivel .
 4 found guilty of railway station knife attack in china <sec> court says the accused led a terrorist group that planned and executed the attack .  the train station attack shook the country and state media labeled it `` china 's 9/11 .
 report : bahraini police beat , torture detainees <sec> new : `` the allegations are absurd , '' a bahraini government spokesman says .  beating and torture is continuing at informal facilities , human rights watch says .  a report says bahrain has made `` rapid progress '' eliminating torture inside police stations .  the report calls on bahraini officials to investigate and punish abuses `` when the cameras are off .
 diy thanksgiving decorations <sec> martha stewart wanted to make child-safe decor for thanksgiving .  molded turkeys can be made of chocolate or cement for the table .  click through the gallery for more diy thanksgiving project .
 justices tackle free speech dispute over broadcast tv 'indecency ' <sec> parents face more challenges when trying to control what children see on tv .  the supreme court is poised to look at `` indecent '' material aired from 8 to 10 p.m . .  among the issues : free speech versus censorship ; art versus indecenc .
 the dangers of activist-driven journalism <sec> ideological bias is not the major problem that erodes credible journalism , steele says .  he says the problem is the false premise that most journalists have an ideological position .  cnn takes an unprecedented look at young conservative activist-journalists .  cnn 's `` right on the edge '' airs this saturday and sunday at 8 p.m. and 11 p.m. es .
 world rally champion loeb quick off the blocks in monte carlo <sec> sebastien loeb leads the world rally championship after day one in monte carlo .  the frenchman , who drives for citroen , is over a minute ahead of dani sordo in second .  loeb is gunning for his ninth straight world rally championship titl .
 comatose woman in euthanasia debate dies <sec> new : woman in coma for 17 years in italy has died , her father says .  eluana englaro has been in vegetative state since a car crash .  her father has fought for years to have her feeding tube remove .
 prevent stds like a porn star <sec> porn stars often get tested for stds at least once a month .  while the testing is n't foolproof , it lowers the risk of getting infected .  hiv is a particularly tricky test , since it may provide a false negative .  often a simple urine test is all that is necessar .
 how to land a job at facebook <sec> the company is especially looking for technical talent .  strong applicants to facebook `` just get the social space , '' thomas arnold says .  in the end , the big filter is cultural fi .
 two men found in cooler want to stay in australia <sec> two men found floating in a giant cooler off the australian coast want to stay .  however , they will be transferred to christmas island in the indian ocean .  australia has an immigration detention facility on the islan .
 who needs a samsung smartwatch anyway ? <sec> samsung has launched its smartwatch which it is calling the galaxy gear .  technology analyst jeff kagan says the wireless industry reinvents itself every few years .  the smartwatch will connect and communicate with galaxy phones and tablets .  so does anyone need it ? .  kagan says we need to wait and see -- we might be surprise .
 is twitter trying to end the tech patent wars ? <sec> twitter announces it will not pursue litigation over patents without consent of employees who created them .  if twitter is sued over a patent , the company can defend using the patents awarded to employees .  the agreement has been greeted by developers as an important step away from `` patent trolling '' .  twitter has posted a draft of the agreement to github to further spread the wor .
 obama : no green light for israel to attack iran <sec> president obama says u.s. `` absolutely not '' giving israel go-ahead to attack iran .  israel is concerned about iran 's nuclear ambitions .  vice president biden on sunday appeared to leave door open for israel to attack iran .  israel needs to find way not to `` create major conflict in the middle east , '' obama say .
 baseball gives special-needs kids 'something to brag about ' <sec> special-needs baseball league near atlanta has nearly 300 children .  some players use a wheelchair , but others are ambulatory .  field is made of a rubberized material that allows wheelchairs to move more easily .  there are no umpires , and no one really keeps scor .
 woods in , snedeker out of match play <sec> new world no . .  4 brandt snedeker ruled out of accenture world match play event .  american has been advised to rest due to rib soreness , hopes to return in march .  second-ranked tiger woods commits to arizona tournament plus two others .  fredrik jacobson and shane lowry have been drafted into 64-man fiel .
