 research station in utah desert is glimpse of life on mars <sec> volunteer researchers live and work at station in the utah desert , simulating life on mars .  environment created by group that supports exploration and colonization of the red planet .  researchers wear spacesuits outside , consume only dehydrated , shelf-stable foo .
 man arrested in connection with ex-boxing champ 's slaying <sec> police : man , 20 , arrested tuesday in connection with july killing of vernon forrest .  forrest , 38 , was robbed and then shot during confrontation , atlanta police say .  police : suspect held on charges of murder , armed robbery and aggravated assault .  forrest was former welterweight and light middleweight boxing champio .
 ten dogs that changed the world <sec> several dogs have earned a spot in history .  a soviet dog named laika rode into space history .  a dog stood between alexander the great and a charging elephant .  one puppy got final approval on a composer 's musi .
 more japanese plants , stores close in china amid rising anger <sec> new : chinese language search giant baidu wades into the japan-china territorial clash .  more japanese factories and businesses in china shuttered tuesday over island dispute .  fitch : credit ratings of japanese firms could come under pressure if dispute escalates .  nearly 200 7-11 stores , owned by a japanese company , were closed in beijing and chengd .
 wurlitzer wizards bring music back to amsterdam <sec> wurlitzer organ at the tuschinksi theater in amsterdam dates to the theater 's opening in the 1920s .  a team of enthusiasts helps keep the organ in its its musical prime using odds and ends to replace parts no longer available .  the organ still attracts fans , playing to visitors on guided tours of the cinem .
 obama invites congressional leaders for deficit talks this week <sec> new : house speaker boehner reiterates opposition to tax increases .  new : white house spokesman says neither side will get everything they want .  senate leaders renew tough talk as the chamber reconvenes .  officials warn debt ceiling must be increased by august 2 to avoid risk of defaul .
 webber signs one-year red bull extension <sec> aussie webber will extend his contract by one year .  webber won sunday 's british grand prix and sits second in the drivers ' championship .  discussions had been held with ferrari but negotiations amounted to nothing .  star still remains ambiguous on his future in the sport beyond next seaso .
 overheard : celebs , readers 'proud ' of anderson cooper <sec> anderson cooper 's announcement that he 's gay has brought waves of support .  stars like ellen degeneres and kelly ripa have tweeted how proud they are of cooper .  readers have thanked the anchor for his courag .
 artist 's statue spoof shows oscar snorting cocaine <sec> artist plastic jesus showcases an oscar-inspired statue snorting what looks like cocaine .  artist says it 's a commentary on the prevalence of drug abuse in hollywood .  art installation removed from its spot on hollywood boulevard after five hour .
 mccain : 'strongly considering ' reelection <sec> sen. john mccain says he 's 'seriously considering ' running for re-election .  warns that the campaign will be `` very , very , tough , '' starting with the gop primary .  mccain will announce his decision in early 201 .
 mega-powerful camera phone , super-fast gadgets dazzle at mobile show <sec> nokia unveils smartphone featuring powerful 41 megapixel camera .  device among gadgets unveiled at mobile world congress in barcelona .  other new phones include huawei device touted as `` world 's fastest .
 trial of former egyptian president mohamed morsy postponed <sec> the second session in the trial of mohamed morsy is postponed until february .  morsy supporters clash with security forces by courthouse and in cairo 's nasr city .  the former egyptian president is being tried with 14 other muslim brotherhood members .  morsy has been in detention since he was forced from power in jul .
 dutch say recovery of mh17 wreckage begins in ukraine <sec> dutch officials have commissioned the transport of the wreckage back to the netherlands .  they say the recovery operation is expected to take several days .  the passenger jet carrying 298 people was shot down in july over eastern ukraine .  investigators were prevented from accessing the site by the unstable situatio .
 budget deal : progress or pragmatism ? <sec> bipartisan budget deal first to pass divided congress since 1986 .  it could pave the way for future bipartisanship .  but contentious issues and an election year could hamper progres .
 photo helps new york family find missing son nicholas simmons <sec> police say nicholas simmons went missing after leaving his new york home .  an associated press photo showed him on the streets of washington .  his family reached out to newspaper reporter , photographer to find hi .
 police chief who says he accidentally shot wife resigns <sec> william mccollom says he accidentally shot wife while both were asleep .  shooting left margaret mccollom paralyzed below the waist .  district attorney says he 'll seek misdemeanor charge of reckless conduc .
 jose manuel de la torre pays price for mexico 's world cup struggles <sec> mexico coach jose manuel de la torre sacked ahead of united states trip .  the mexicans struggling to qualify for 2014 world cup after honduras defeat .  americans seeking to rebound from friday 's 3-1 loss to costa rica in san jose .  colombia moves closer to first world cup appearance since 199 .
 trending watch : the top pop culture stories of the week <sec> a couple named burger and king ? .  internet has a meltdown over `` vampire diaries '' departur .
 police chokehold death sparks new york protest march <sec> scores of protesters to rally on new york street where unarmed man died .  incident followed by the shooting death of an unarmed teen in a st. louis suburb on august 9 .  deaths have thrust into the forefront the issues of force , community relation .
 in iran , a christian pastor faces death sentence <sec> the pastor facing death is from rasht in northern iran .  another pastor faces possible indictment for apostasy .  christians are feeling the heat in other parts of the muslim worl .
 highlights of obama 's health care proposal <sec> white house releases `` the president 's proposal '' for health care .  plan similar to senate version passed last year .  no public option ; plan offers same insurance choices members of congress have .  questions remain over cost , funding , other sticking point .
 kenyan dennis kimetto sets new world marathon record <sec> dennis kimetto breaks world marathon record in berlin .  kenyan kimetto first man to break two hours three minute barrier .  breaks previous record by wilson kipsang also set in berlin .  tirfi tsegaye of ethiopia wins women 's rac .
 s. africa 's first black dean teaches 'reconciliation over revenge ' <sec> professor jonathan jansen is one of south africa 's top academics .  he is the rector of the university of the free state in bloemfontein .  jansen is passionate about teaching his moral code : reconciliation over retribution .  he is also an author , columnist and the president of the south african institute of race relation .
 e-mails questioned huge contract for firm with ties to obama administration <sec> in may 2011 , siga technologies won a no-bid , nearly $ 433 million hhs contract .  internal government e-mails obtained by cnn show questions were raised .  siga 's controlling shareholder is a longtime democratic party activist .  hhs says `` after a rigorous market analysis '' the contract was based on siga 's ability to produc .
 instagram launches 15-second video feature <sec> instagram users will now be able to shoot and share 15-second videos .  the video feature will be available to all ios and android instagram users thursday .  the new feature puts instagram in direct competition with vine , the popular twitter-owned ap .
 be a champion : advice from dhani jones <sec> good advice can change your outlook on life .  share your favorite piece of advice with the hashtag # beacham .
 jordan linn graham goes on trial in husband 's fatal fall from cliff <sec> new : prosecutors say jordan linn graham was unhappy before her husband 's death .  new : the defense says his death was the result of an `` argument-grab-push-fall '' .  new : the court hears text messages that graham sent around the time of the death .  graham has admitted pushing cody johnson during an argument in a national par .
 fantasy flight : sick kids see santa at north pole <sec> fantasy flight brings kids to the north pole to visit santa .  kids are sick , or are victims of abuse or are homeless .  united airlines employees donated their time to fly to the decorated hanga .
 georgian luger killed in olympic practice crash <sec> the winter olympics are hit by tragedy after the death of a competitor .  nodar kumaritashvili of georgia was killed suring a training crash for luge event .  the 21-year-old smashed into a pole after coming off the track at high-spee .
 robert pattinson on 'gma ' : 'i 'd like my fans to know ... ' <sec> pattinson has been making the media rounds to promote his new film .  gma 's stephanopoulos tried to ask the actor about his personal life .  pattinson said he 's never gotten used to the paparazzi attentio .
 debutant macheda snatches win for united <sec> federico macheda scores an injury-time winner as manchester defeat villa 3-2 .  the win lifts champions above liverpool to top of premier league by one point .  everton consolidate sixth place in table after a comfortable 4-0 win over wiga .
 are these the world 's sexiest accents ? <sec> there are an estimated 7,000 languages on earth ; these ones sound sexiest to native-english speakers .  some scottish voices `` tumble like soft rain on warm bagpipes '' .  french vs. italian : a debate for the ages .  some of y'all know y'all are on the lis .
 opinion : the undocumented are us <sec> the film `` documented '' airs on sunday , june 29 at 9 p.m . .  et on cnn .  ruben navarrette : it 's about jose antonio vargas , an undocumented journalist .  he says the film shows that our immigration system is broken and needs to be fixed .  navarrette : we need immigration reform , or we 'll keep seeing families torn apar .
 the upside of online dating : there 's always a funny story to tell <sec> cnn readers shared their ups and downs of online dating .  they agree : expect the unexpected when you 're involved with online dating .  some of these matches might lead to the altar .  be ready for curve balls -- `` i forgot my wallet , '' one date sai .
 donald trump tells people to 'stay tuned ' for details on his wealth <sec> donald trump says : `` if i run for office , you are going to know exactly what i 'm worth '' .  the real estate mogul recently has been playing up his wealth and business acumen .  trump is considering whether to run for president in 2012 as a republica .
 honor the victims -- with action <sec> david gergen says we should take a cue from lincoln 's gettysburg address .  he says u.s. must deal with its culture of guns and find real solutions .  gun owners should be licensed , and assault weapons should be banned , he says .  he says we will be held morally accountable for what we do -- or fail to d .
 will hong kong destroy huge ivory stockpile following china 's lead ? <sec> conservationists hope hong kong will destroy its huge horde of confiscated ivory .  they want it incinerated to wipe out demand and prevent it returning to market .  as gateway to china , world 's biggest ivory consumer , hong kong has enormous stockpile .  china 's move to crush tons of ivory this week may inspire hong kong to follow sui .
 'lost boy ' refugees break cooking taboo <sec> health worker found african men going hungry in australia because they did n't know how to cook .  she started a cookery school for young african refugee men in adelaide .  her story is told in a film shown at film africa festival in londo .
 possible syria strike : 5 things to pay attention to today <sec> the president will still make the case that congress must authorize military force .  the white house does n't think russia 's diplomacy has made a strike impossible .  more `` no '' votes have popped up , but a lot of house and senate members are undecided .  obama 's approval rating on foreign policy is down , and a poll shows u.s. war wearines .
 ronaldo double as real madrid close gap <sec> real madrid close gap on barcelona to seven points at the top of la liga .  cristiano ronaldo scores twice as real madrid defeat real sociedad 4-1 .  emmanuel adebayor scores his first goal since joining on loan from manchester city .  sevilla lose ground in the race for a europa league place after a 0-0 draw with malag .
 t20 takes off : baseball fuels cricket 's rise <sec> low wages push players away from minor league baseball .  pro cricket coach julien fountain boosts us cricket with new twenty20 talent scheme .  baseballer dreams of becoming `` best cricket player in the world .
 blast hits iraqi city as deadly toll of 2013 is revealed <sec> chaos reigns in anbar province as sunnis seize police stations ; one death reported .  at least four people are killed and 14 injured in a car bomb blast in mosul , police say .  the united nations says 2013 was the deadliest year for iraqi civilians since 2008 .  u.n. representative for iraq urges iraqi leaders to take steps to curb violenc .
 money bags monaco splash out $ 90 million on moutinho and rodriguez <sec> as monaco swoop for a pair of porto players .  joao moutinho and james rodriguez sign five year deals .  promoted monaco pay $ 90 million for the duo .  monaco owned by russian billionaire dimitri rybolovle .
 why police want you to see this dashcam video <sec> dover police department says goal of video is to show human side of police .  one officer shows how to `` shake it off .
 golf : furyk leads pga tour championship as woods fades <sec> jim furyk leads the way after stunning start to second round .  rory mcilroy in control of the race for the $ 10 million fedex cup bonus after a 68 .  tiger woods falls down the leaderboard as he shoots one-over 73 .  justin rose to play alongside furyk in third roun .
 kenyan pm : we will not negotiate with terrorists <sec> kenya will not negotiate with al-shabaab militants holding kenyans hostage , says pm .  al-shabaab has demanded nairobi release muslim terror suspects in return for kenyan hostages .  kenyan pm odinga says an international response is needed to tackle terrorism in afric .
 california governor weighs parole for charles manson follower <sec> `` he earned it , '' defense attorney says of recommendation .  california parole board formally recommends parole for bruce davis , 70 .  governor must modify , affirm or reverse the recommendation in 30 days .  davis is serving a life sentence for 1969 first-degree murders of two me .
 $ 500 a month , free gas to drive a billboard <sec> woman gets paid $ 500 extra a month , plus free gas , for turning car into billboard .  `` people used to tease me , '' says misha di bono .  survey finds companies are looking at ways to help ease commuting costs .  ceo : `` we 're at a watershed time of how people go to work .
 sen. mark udall 's brother found dead <sec> randy udall , 61 , dies while on a hike in the rocky mountains .  searchers find his body in a remote area in wyoming .  sen. mark udall says it appears his brother died of natural cause .
 singer , hip-hop pioneer sylvia robinson dies <sec> singer-songwriter and music entrepreneur dies at 76 .  she was most known for single `` pillow talk '' .  sylvia robinson helped start sugar hill record .
 internet access becomes a reality for some cubans <sec> the cuban government opened 118 `` navigation halls '' in june .  they allow access to the internet -- for a price , $ 4.50 an hour .  it 's an unimaginable luxury for a state employee earning about $ 20 a month .  still , a professor says , cubans `` really want to be connected .
 obamacare site going down for maintenance ahead of deadline - cnnpolitics.com <sec> obama administration taking down healthcare.gov from friday night through overnight .  saturday is deadline to have site working for most americans following fixes .  botched launch of website in october was an embarrassment for president barack obama .  friday 's action is considered extended maintenance , the administration sai .
 young americans going abroad to teach <sec> economy is prompting some recent grads to delay entering u.s. workforce .  reach to teach applications are up 100 percent from last year .  japan 's jet program receives 15 percent more u.s. application .
 clinton makes unannounced visit to libya <sec> new : hillary clinton heads to oman after brief stopover in malta .  clinton on moammar gadhafi : `` we hope he will be captured or killed soon '' .  clinton is the first cabinet-level u.s. official to visit libya since gadhafi 's ouster .  national transitional council fighters toppled gadhafi 's 42-year-old government in augus .
 san bernardino city council declares fiscal emergency , votes to file bankruptcy <sec> the city council of san bernardino votes 5-2 to pursue bankruptcy filing .  the council declared a fiscal emergency , eliminating a 60-day mediation with creditors .  the vote does not mean the city does not intend to negotiate in good faith , an official says .  the city faces a $ 45 million shortfall as millions in revenues have evaporate .
 daniel sturridge keeps the faith as liverpool step up title challenge <sec> daniel sturridge says his faith has helped him hit top form for liverpool .  the 24-year-old and strike partner suarez will play each other at 2014 world cup .  sturridge and suarez have powered liverpool this season with 43 goals between them .  three-time european champion seeking first english league title since 199 .
 baby brings miners hope and rebirth <sec> wife of trapped miner in chile gives birth to third child .  couple names daughter esperanza , which means hope .  woman evades hospital 's no-recording rule by having caesarean .  second couple also expectin .
 blagojevich says goodbye before prison <sec> former illinois gov . .  rod blagojevich says goodbye .  `` this is the hardest thing i 've ever had to do , '' he tells crowd of supporters .  on thursday he begins serving a 14-year sentence on a corruption convictio .
 brazil 's soap operas linked to dramatic drop in birth rates <sec> soap operas , known as telenovelas , encourage smaller families study finds .  birth rates in brazil have fallen dramatically since the 1970s .  divorce and taboo health conditions are also now less stigmatize .
 hurricane richard makes landfall in belize <sec> new : hurricane richard makes landfall with sustained winds of around 90 mph .  new : it came in along the coast just south of belize city .  belize and the yucatan peninsula can expect heavy rain and storm surges .  the storm is n't likely to threaten the united state .
 weight loss success : draw something match helps man lose 400 pounds <sec> brian flemming weighed 625 pounds .  a new friend inspired him to stop drinking .  within two years , he dropped nearly 400 pounds .  `` she saved my life , '' he sai .
 geeks find love at dragon*con <sec> romance blooms each year at dragon*con , a convention for sci-fi fantasy geeks .  officials get dozens of wedding requests from couples who met at event .  the annual event attracts about 35,000 people from all over the world .  long-distance relationships can be challenge for couples who meet at even .
 the skyscrapers made from wood <sec> wood is making a comeback as a construction material .  new engineered woods allow for greater strength and heights in building .
 sex offender wins $ 500,000 alaska lottery <sec> lottery winner reportedly convicted in 1993 and 2000 for sexual abuse of a minor .  proceeds of the lottery help standing together against rape in anchorage .  fbi : alaska has the highest per capita number of rape cases in the united state .
