 the 40-year war on cancer <sec> president richard nixon signed the national cancer act of 1971 .  legislation brought cancer out of the shadows and put a focus on it , dr. otis brawley says .  forty years later , clinical trials have shown impressive treatment outcomes , he says .  but large number of americans not benefiting from advances due to act , brawley say .
 pakistan flood recovery could take years <sec> impact `` will be staggering , '' says state department official .  united states looking at ways to divert pakistan aid to flood recovery .  official praises last week 's increase in contributions from international communit .
 review : 'reluctant fundamentalist ' explores modern islamic mindset <sec> `` the reluctant fundamentalist '' is based on mohsin hamid 's novel .  the film stars liev schreiber , riz ahmed and kate hudson .  critic says it 's thoughtful and well acte .
 mexico rescues 5 ecuadorians adrift for weeks <sec> the mexican navy said wednesday that it rescued five ecuadorians adrift at sea .  men apparently without supplies in a fishing boat for more than two weeks .  men found off the coast of the southern state of chiapas , mexic .
 'real housewives ' husband apollo nida gets prison <sec> apollo nida must serve 5 years on parole after he does 8 years in prison .  his fraud scheme stole millions from at least 50 people over four years , prosecutor says .  nida served 5 years in prison before marrying `` housewives '' co-star phaedra parks .  he was busted after a year-long investigation by the u.s. secret servic .
 activist : death toll rises to 13 in clashes in yemen <sec> death toll could rise even higher , an activist says .  live ammunition is used against protesters in sanaa and taiz , witnesses say .  at least 169 people are injured by gunfire , rocks or batons in both cities , they say .  the republican guard fought military personnel who were protecting demonstrator .
 winners and losers in congress ' $ 1 trillion spending deal <sec> little kids , the mentally ill and g-men are among the winners .  russia , jerry brown and the irs are among the losers .  obamacare -- both a winner and a lose .
 the real charlie wilson : 'war ' got it right <sec> former congressman charlie wilson 's story became `` charlie wilson 's war '' .  wilson is portrayed by tom hanks in the film .  while in congress , wilson helped guide funding to support afghan rebels .  wilson is pleased at the way the movie turned ou .
 world cup twitter buzz wins top television award <sec> twitter collaboration lands cnn honor at prestigious television awards .  world cup twitter buzz tracked social media activity during south africa 2010 .  the more a topic was tweeted , the bigger its image on an interactive screen .  cnn won `` innovative news '' category at uk 's royal television society award .
 a space-age first : a commercial craft returns from low-earth orbit <sec> nasa official cites `` historic significance of today 's achievement by spacex '' .  the commercial firm spacex launches the dragon spacecraft atop a falcon 9 rocket .  hours later , the spacecraft splashes down in the pacific ocean off californi .
 police investigate after queen 's swan found barbecued <sec> police say a swan was found killed and burned over the weekend .  all mute swans in england and wales belong to queen elizabeth ii .  `` it 's an act of vandalism which should n't happen , '' says swan charity worke .
 other nations ' coalitions show way for britain <sec> fears in britain that a hung parliament will leave the country with a weak government .  labour and conservatives have been negotiating with liberal democrats to form coalition .  economic stability key to any agreement , according to senior conservative lawmaker .  germany has a history of successful and stable coalition government .
 coy about his own future , perry criticizes obama - cnnpolitics.com <sec> outgoing texas gov . .  rick perry speaks to the republican national committee .  he delivers plenty of red meat to his audience , but gives no clues about his 2016 plan .
 ex-afghan prisoner claims bagram abuse <sec> nasim says he was a farmer when police arrested him in 2002 and took him to bagram prison .  he says he is innocent ; u.s. records say he was in possession of rocket motors .  he claims he was tortured at the prison : `` i was hung from the ceiling for seven days '' .  nasim says the americans and international forces need to get out of afghanista .
 brazil protesters say 9,000 have disappeared in 2 years <sec> protesters stage cemetery on rio beaches with mannequins as victims of violence .  ong rio de paz group says 9,000 people have disappeared since january 2007 .  protest leader says drug traffickers , police have killed people .  activist says most of those missing are poor , live on rio 's outskirt .
 missouri shooting furor : social media help and harm <sec> twitter , other social media light up with firsthand accounts of protests in ferguson , missouri .  social media users have drawn attention to details the traditional media have missed .  however , such impassioned reporting has also spawned speculation , and major errors .  it 's important to check your facts `` when emotions are running high , '' says verification specialis .
 mexico : candy factory explosion injures dozens ; 1 killed <sec> new : an official says at least one person was killed in the blast .  at least 42 people are injured after a factory explosion in ciudad juarez , an official says .  the blast at the blueberry candy factory caused part of the roof to collapse .  preliminary reports indicate an oven explodes , the official say .
 the conservative case to recognize same-sex marriages <sec> christopher wolf in same-sex marriage in d.c. , but he says doma denies him rights .  he says appeals court recently ruled doma unconsitutional in massachusetts .  he says ruling victory for same-sex couples but reasoning was conservative .  wolf : far from judicial activism , ruling was by conservative judges backing local choic .
 isis executions heighten fears for western hostages <sec> isis has other western hostages besides the two murdered american journalists .  hostages can be useful bargaining chips or exchanged for ransom payments .  u.s. and uk governments have policies against paying ransom for hostages .  abductions are often kept quiet for fear of jeopardizing efforts to secure the release of the victim .
 in 60 days , gays will be allowed to serve openly in the military <sec> new : a u.s. appeals court bars `` penalizing or discharging anyone '' for violating the policy .  obama , panetta and mullen certify that the military is ready to repeal `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' .  repeal of the policy will allow the military to accept openly gay and lesbian service members .  a 60-day waiting period now begins before the repeal can be fully implemente .
 10 ways to look 5 years younger <sec> experts offer some tips on how women can turn back time on their looks .  stylist : good bra elevates your chest , giving you longer , slimmer-looking waist .  lilightbright lip gloss make lips appear fuller , younger and smoother .  make sure jeans have at least 2 percent stretch , like lycr .
 mckinney running for president as green candidate <sec> cynthia mckinney , ex-georgia congresswoman , defeats three for nomination .  party spokesman : `` every vote that she gets helps the green party '' .  mckinney , a former democrat , served six terms in congres .
 georgia , connecticut : voting irregularities reported <sec> georgia 's main election website experienced problems on election day morning . .  a number of groups and the media pay close attention to voter irregularities on big election days . .  problems have also been reported in maine and in connecticut .
 cbs correspondent assaulted in egypt <sec> new : lara logan told magazine about an earlier detention by the egyptian army .  logan was attacked after mubarak stepped down on friday .  she was saved by a group of women and egyptian soldiers .  logan is recovering at a hospital in the united state .
 brazilian protesters 'being heard , ' president says <sec> new : protesters take to the streets once more in sao paulo .  demonstrators say the government makes the poor pay while throwing out money .  brazil is spending heavily on the upcoming world cup and olympic game .
 nigeria 's oil economics fuel deadly protests <sec> nigeria lifted fuel subsides on petrol in an effort to cut $ 8 billion a year .  the deadly protests erupted as gas prices suddenly doubled .  nigeria is considered by goldman sachs an emerging economy with attractive growth .  most nigerians , however , survive on less than u.s. $ 2 a da .
 lisa kudrow : 'friends ' movie 'really not happening ' <sec> `` web therapy '' and `` who do you think you are ? '' .  return this week .  kudrow finds some of her delusional characters the funniest to play .  the actress says there wo n't be a `` friends '' movi .
 teen stowaway was tired , quiet and hungry after plane 's landing <sec> airport manager says the 15-year-old was a little slow to answer questions .  allah saved my son , teen 's father tells voice of america .  the stowaway says he was trying to get to somalia to see his mother .  he traveled from california to hawaii in plane 's landing gear hol .
 'nastiest judges ' sacked for 'bullying ' singer on tv <sec> singing contest judges natalia kills and willy moon have been sacked for their scathing remarks to a contestant .  the married couple called the singer `` disgusting '' and `` creepy '' on live television in new zealand .  over 77,000 people signed a petition to kick the judging duo off the sho .
 mama hippo was expecting , but l.a . zoo staff was n't <sec> this is first hippo calf at los angeles zoo in more than two decades .  zoo staff was suspicious about weight gain , but the birth was a surprise .  boy or girl ? .  zoo not sure as humans have n't been allowed to get close to the baby ye .
 vatican says it was unaware of alleged american priest abuse <sec> american priest believed to have molested up to 200 boys .  authorities investigated wisconsin priest and then dropped case .  newspaper says officials , including future pope benedict xvi , failed to discipline pries .
 a lucky day for susan rice <sec> rothkopf : susan rice may be lucky not to achieve her dream of becoming secretary of state .  he says whoever gets the job faces a bleak prospect of dealing with u.s. global woes .  hillary clinton will be a difficult act to follow as the nation 's chief diplomat , he says .  rothkopf : obama made the right call here ; john mccain got it wron .
 alaskan family lives isolated life in vast wildlife refuge <sec> heimo and edna korth have lived isolated life for 30 years , raising family in wilderness .  in an area the size of south carolina , their nearest neighbors are more than 60 miles away .  vbs visits korths , calls area one of most inhospitable environments in north americ .
 woman gives birth on philadelphia transit train <sec> a woman went into labor on a philadelphia subway train .  two transit police officers entered the train to find her giving birth .  they helped her bring the child into the world ; it made their christmas .  christmas celebrates the birth of the christ child in humblest circumstance .
 reports : 3 iranian prison officials charged in deaths of protesters <sec> new : scholars say defendants are scapegoats in effort to build credibility , maintain order .  three charged with murder in beating deaths of protesters imprisoned after election .  fars : enough evidence exists to prosecute 12 officials from tehran 's kahrizak prison .  officials initially said protesters died of meningitis ; coroner found they died after severe beatin .
 following four nights of frenzy , an eerie calm in britain <sec> new : at least 820 people have been arrested in london .  `` why do we have to kill one another ? '' .  a grieving father asks .  manchester police chief says criminals used social media to organize violence .  pm says police are authorized to use whatever means necessary to restore orde .
 ronaldo double as real madrid win five-goal thriller at betis <sec> real madrid win 3-2 at real betis to go 13 points clear in spain .  la liga top scorer cristiano ronaldo grabs double .  barcelona can cut the gap to 10 points with win at racing santander .  roma improve european chances with win at palerm .
 haiti supermarket rescues called off <sec> french team had been trying to rescue a person tuesday when secondary collapse occurred .  u.s. , mexican teams brought in to help with more radar , lifting devices .  by 11 p.m. tuesday , teams determined no one else alive under rubbl .
 more clues point to iphone nano debut <sec> wall street journal sources say people have seen prototype of smaller iphone .  `` n97 '' would be available to mobile carriers at half the price of iphones .  apple 's also considering making its mobileme online storage service fre .
 401 ( k ) s are too risky for retirement <sec> yvonne walker : 401 ( k ) -style plans create danger of tipping retirees into poverty .  walker says 401 ( k ) s and iras lost $ 2.8 trillion -- 47 percent of their value -- in 2008 .  we need innovative retirement models that provide guaranteed retirement income , walker says .  walker : california and new york city have recently proposed such innovative plan .
 is snowden ready to take flight ? wikileaks hints at next move <sec> washington analysis : nicolas maduro is pushing for political points in venezuela .  wikileaks fuels speculation about edward snowden 's next move .  it 's unclear whether snowden has accepted any offer of asylum .  the trick will be avoiding the airspace of the u.s. and its allie .
 syria accepts arab league plan 'in principle , ' though questions remain <sec> new : syria offered amendments thursday night to the arab league plan on observers .  new : a potential observer says , `` our mission will be to portray the truth '' .  new : the british foreign minister will meet rebel leaders , a spokeswoman says .  at least 19 are slain in syria on friday , on top of scores killed earlier , an activist group say .
 mtv 's 'world of jenks ' : surprisingly poignant <sec> mtv is really amazing at creating documentary television .  andrew jenks is a 24-year-old documentary filmmaker .  he first got attention for his film `` andrew jenks , room 335 .
 eco-drive : golf goes green <sec> new developments in golf show that the sport has a drive to go green .  dixon golf aim to recycle some of 300 million discarded balls in the u.s . .  solardrive can convert golf carts so they can run off the power of the sun .  xt-1 have developed a golf tee that can biodegrade in just three month .
 '100 mph ' school chief seeks 'radical changes ' <sec> d.c. schools chief michelle rhee closed 23 schools , fired 36 principals in first year .  `` we are always going to put the best interests of kids above the rights ... of adults '' .  critic says rhee has created `` more chaos and more dysfunction '' .  mayor backs his appointee , says when schools fail , `` you need to shake things up .
 police : tv host jimmy savile exploited fame to abuse children on vast scale <sec> savile used his celebrity to `` hide in plain sight '' and targeted the vulnerable , police say .  he is accused of offenses across 40 years while working as a bbc presenter .  police say 73 % of his victims were children ; 214 crimes are recorded , including rapes .  prosecutors say police could have done more to investigate savile in his lifetim .
 teen pleads guilty in referee 's death <sec> teenager pleaded guilty in the death of referee ricardo portillo .  judge recommends a sentence of three years .  portillo died from his injuries a week after he was punched in the fac .
 the honeymoon 's over -- mom and dad need you <sec> the stress of caring for an elderly parent can overwhelm a relationship .  couples may have unreasonable expectations of what they can or should do .  more than 44 million americans care for an adult family member or friend .  almost 80 percent of these are caring for someone older than 5 .
 male breast cancer patients blame water at marine base <sec> 20 people , all marines or sons of marines , have had male breast cancer .  each lived at camp lejeune between the 1960s and 1980s .  `` we all at some point in our lives drank the water at camp lejeune , '' one says .  marine corps says two studies found no link to `` adverse health effects .
 2 more die from bootleg rum in cuba ; 2 state workers accused <sec> poisoned rum brewed in havana neighborhood claims nine lives , state media say .  investigators trace the poison to two state workers , public safety office says .  the chemical , methyl alcohol , is commonly found in varnishes and anti-freez .
 russian strategic bombers could use cuba airfields <sec> `` we are ready to fly there , '' russian air force official says .  cuba has four or five fields that suit russia , military official says .  venezuelan president hugo chavez also has offered a military airfiel .
 egypt awaits verdict for fallen dictator <sec> in egypt 's 'trial of the century , ' hosni mubarak will find out his fate saturday .  some relatives of those who were killed in protests want mubarak to be executed .  loyalists say the former leader was mistreate .
 paypal backs down , donates to blog regretsy 's secret santa fund <sec> paypal backs off secret santa dispute with blog regretsy .  regretsy 's founder says paypal shut down a fund-raiser .  paypal said it will now donate to the fund and issue has been resolved .  regretsy mocks offerings on crafts site etsy but also gives to charitie .
 after a day of intense fighting , anti-gadhafi forces pull back <sec> `` we have the equipment and the weaponry '' for a long war , says man identified as gadhafi spokesman .  security council passes resolution establishing support mission .  sirte , sabha and bani walid are the last loyalist strongholds .  a libyan delegation in niger demands the return of saadi gadhaf .
 why women must seize this moment <sec> gloria feldt : work/life balance and women 's success big issues in the culture recently .  feldt : sandberg , mayer , slaughter at center of moment that 's divided women ; it must n't .  she asks : why is this still problem ? .  workplace should be changing for big influx of women .  feldt : workplace structure laid out by men , but women should use new leverage to change i .
 are depressed kids bully magnets ? <sec> study : kids who cry easily and show other signs of depression ultimately suffer socially .  `` bullies target youth who are unlikely to fight back , '' says lead author karen p. kochel .  the findings , kochel says , drive home how important it is for parents to be awar .
 euro 2012 : 'a complicated adventure ' <sec> euro 2012 kicks off on june 8 , with 16 nations taking part .  buildup to the four-yearly tournament has been difficult for the co-hosts .  there have been fears that infrastructure in ukraine will not be sufficient .  country has also been criticized over human rights and racist football fan .
 britain 's cameron pays surprise visit to troops in afghanistan <sec> prime minister david cameron thanks the troops : `` you make our country proud '' .  his surprise visit comes after announcing reduction from 9,500 to 5,200 troops by end of 2013 .  britain has lost 438 troops since operation enduring freedom began in 200 .
 now is the time for u.s. to act on syria <sec> amitai etzioni : syria 's government systematically brutalizing its civilians .  the west stands by , he says , hiding behind russia and china 's vetos of u.n. resolution .  the west stopped atrocities in kosovo without u.n. ok and could do so in syria , he says .  etzioni : u.s. must punish those committing atrocities and get them to talk with rebel .
 lawyer for gitmo detainees : 'less hope now than ever ' <sec> lawyer david remes says the supreme court has shut down on guantanamo .  the high court this year turned down all requests from gitmo detainees .  guantanamo detention center houses 169 prisoner .
 faa investigates near miss between jets at houston airport <sec> two jets were less than a mile from each other .  both had recently taken off from houston 's george bush intercontinental airport .  this month 's incident involved united airlines flights 601 and 43 .
 in japan elections , abe 's coalition wins in landslide <sec> new : exit polls show shinzo abe 's liberal democratic party winning in a landslide .  a dismal quarter pushed japan into recession , prompting snap elections .  prime minister said the election was a referendum on his 'abenomics ' policies .  abe 's economic adviser has called for $ 25 billion in cash stimulus to kick-start the econom .
 former mexican kingpin pleads guilty <sec> new : prosecutor : guilty plea `` marks the end of his reign of murder , mayhem and corruption '' .  an attorney for benjamin arellano felix calls the plea deal `` very favorable '' .  arellano felix pleads guilty to racketeering , court documents show .  the plea agreement calls for a maximum of 25 years in priso .
 as gas goes up , driving goes down <sec> march figures show steepest decline in driving since 1942 .  compared with last year , drivers have logged 11 billion fewer miles , the dot says .  americans planned to drive less over memorial day weekend , aaa reports .  public transportation ridership on rise , in part because of gas prices , group say .
