 plenty in his own party happy to see christie get comeuppance <sec> the gop 's conservative base has never warmed to christie .  christie 's public embrace of president obama in 2012 hurt him with republicans .  gop sen. rand paul , a tea party favorite seemed to take a dig at christie .  but a gop strategist says : `` i do not believe there 's going to be any retribution from conservatives over this .
 iceman raikkonen silences doubters <sec> kimi raikkonen plays down his win at sunday 's abu dhabi grand prix .  the win was the finn 's first since the 2009 belgian grand prix .  raikkonen won the world championship with ferrari in 2007 .  the 33-year-old is third in the 2012 drivers ' standings with 198 point .
 firearms seized after blog suggests targeting members of congress <sec> police are investigating a man for his alleged comments that suggest violence .  travis corcoran accused of posting a blog titled `` 1 down and 534 to go '' .  police seized `` a large amount '' of weapons from corcoran 's massachusetts home last wee .
 china 's star tv anchor detained before airtime <sec> rui chenggang is known for his `` big get '' interviews and his nationalistic sentiment .  prosecutors took rui into custody just before the start of `` economic news '' .  rui 's patron guo zhenxi was detained in june for allegedly accepting bribes .  rui 's detention is the latest twist in a widening anti-corruption campaign in chin .
 christie seeks changes in new jersey medical marijuana bill <sec> gov . .  christie recommends two changes to bill before he signs it .  bill would eliminate limit on strains that dispensaries can offer in new jersey .  that could give patients access to useful types that otherwise would n't be available .  bill also would make it simpler for children to qualif .
 cnn.com readers on radiohead 's 'name-your- price ' strategy <sec> radiohead released their seventh studio album , `` in rainbows '' .  it 's available as a digital download from the band 's web site .  radiohead is letting listeners pick what they want to pay for the album .  i-report : tell us what you think about radiohead 's historic releas .
 opinion : what jfk learned -- and taught -- about leadership <sec> warren bennis : jfk had a lot to prove to people when he was elected .  the president who dealt with disastrous bay of pigs invasion learned a lesson , he says .  bennis : in cuban missile crisis , jfk created a culture of candor in his inner circle .  he says few presidents or chief executive officers have followed in his pat .
 madonna in bitter war of words with malawi <sec> the government accuses madonna of demanding special treatment .  `` such treatment , even if she deserved it , is discretionary not obligatory , '' the government says .  madonna denies the claims , says she remains committed to educating malawian .
 olympian michael phelps engaged to nicole johnson <sec> `` she said yes , '' he captions a picture of himself with girlfriend nicole johnson .  `` i am gon na be a mrs , '' johnson post .
 mandiant : china is sponsoring cyber-espionage <sec> mandiant say thousands of cyber attacks have come from one neighborhood near shanghai .  the espionage group mainly targeted u.s. blue chip companies in 20 separate industries .  mandiant vp grady summers says diplomatic pressure is needed on beijng from washingto .
 chemist in boston lab scandal handled 50,000 drug samples <sec> list of samples is turned over to prosecutors and public defenders on tuesday .  goldbach says investigators first learned of a breach in protocol in february .  the scandal possibly opens the door to a swath of new legal challenges , officials sa .
 scott brown could be sworn in thursday <sec> victory of massachusetts senator-elect is expected to be certified thursday .  he could be sworn in thursday afternoon to replace late sen. ted kennedy .  final returns from special election delivered to governor 's office wednesda .
 tech innovator uyi stewart calls african diaspora to come back <sec> ibm research has opened its 12th research facility in kenya 's capital , nairobi .  running first commercial tech lab in africa is chief scientist uyi stewart .  he calls the bright african scientists working in the diaspora to come home .  `` there is a tremendous potential for skill of impact when you innovate , '' says stewar .
 boy scouts revoke seattle church 's charter over gay scoutmaster <sec> seattle church loses boy scouts charter for refusing to fire openly gay scoutmaster .  methodist pastor says church 's policy of inclusiveness in line with hiring geoff mcgrath .  bsa : church ca n't use program , `` is no longer an authorized chartered organization '' .  gay youths allowed to join boy scouts as of january 1 , but gay leaders banne .
 boston amputee victims urged to 'slay the monster ' with recovery <sec> para-athletes offer hope to boston marathon blast victims who lost limbs .  recovery is `` an extended process '' as patients deal with amputation , a doctor says .  `` just never give up , '' a quadruple amputee urges .  an athlete who lost a leg below the knee at age 23 tells of her comeback with a home ru .
 jordanian doctor called double agent behind cia attack <sec> jordanian doctor humam khalil abu-mulal al-balawi identified as bomber .  official : authorities in jordan recruited al-balawi as counterterrorism intelligence .  blast at u.s. base in afghanistan killed seven cia operatives , jordanian military office .
 hive minds : how 'swarm robots ' are learning from insects <sec> scientists are building robots that can work in teams .  'swarm robots ' operate like hive insects such as ants , termites or bees .  mit 's m-blocks robot can self-assemble to solve different problems .  swarm robots could be used in search and rescue , medicine and space exploratio .
 bill cosby breaks his silence <sec> spelman college suspends cosby-endowed professorship .  `` cosby sounded like a happy individual without a care in the world , '' reporter says .  stacy brown , freelancing for the new york post , called cosby at home friday .  cosby did n't address the sexual assault allegations coming out against hi .
 author delays events after arizona sweat lodge deaths <sec> three people died after spending time in arizona sweat lodge this month .  james ray : `` i must dedicate all of my ... energies to helping bring some sort of closure '' .  he is postponing all scheduled events through end of the year .  law enforcement officials say homicide investigation has begu .
 osha to look at why cowboys ' facility collapsed <sec> new : cowboys ' attorney 's office says osha involvement standard procedure .  facility 's manufacturers point to weather reports of a `` microburst '' in statement .  competitor says there might have been fewer injuries in an air-supported dome .  special teams coach scheduled to undergo surgery for fractured spine monda .
 mystery surrounds dakar death <sec> motorbike rider michal hernik was found dead by dakar organizers on tuesday .  mystery surrounds his death , after both body and bike were found unharmed .  hernik 's loss takes dakar death tally to 64 since rally began in 197 .
 shooter planned 'to go out in grand style , ' investigator says <sec> new : michael mclendon left behind note describing ill will he harbored toward family .  new : shooter was going to continue `` until he was stopped , '' investigator says .  mclendon killed 10 people in two towns before killing himself .  mclendon unhappy with failed efforts to become marine , police officer , police sa .
 spain arrests 7 suspected of sending militant fighters to syria <sec> three were arrested in the spanish enclave of melilla .  three others were arrested in morocco .  one was arrested in the city of malaga on the spanish mainlan .
 kenyans seek compensation for british mau mau 'torture ' <sec> four elderly kenyans are seeking compensation for torture experienced during the mau mau uprising .  case has exposed secret files covering britain 's rule of 47 colonies .  mau mau rebellion led to arrest of thousands of kenyans including barack obama 's grandfathe .
 mideast turmoil showcases chinese fears <sec> turmoil in the middle east has n't gotten much coverage in state-run media .  china has had a history of walling itself from the outside world .  within its great wall , china has exerted strong control over its people .  last month president hu jintao called on chinese officials to learn `` social management .
 military police try to halt cairo skirmishes <sec> egypt 's grand mufti calls on police to put down their weapons .  the death toll in five days of violence has risen to 35 , officials say .  the number of injured stands at 3,250 , egyptian health ministry says .  u.n. human rights chief calls on egypt to stop `` the clearly excessive use of force .
 'gangsta 's paradise ' rapper arrested on drug charges <sec> grammy winner held at los angeles international airport .  he is accused of possessing illegal drugs , paraphernalia .  his best-known hit is `` gangsta 's paradise .
 violence flares again in gaza , southern israel <sec> israelis say 18 rockets fired from gaza , and idf attacked seven targets .  there had been reports of a truce , but hostilities started just hours later .  israel says militant actions are futile ; palestinian leader says israel is to blame for violence .  four palestinian residents are critically wounde .
 violent demonstrations injure dozens of police in northern ireland <sec> politicians , clergy and community leaders meet to discuss ways to end the violence .  police say 52 officers have been wounded in weeks of violence .  protesters pelted officers with petrol bombs , fireworks and bricks , police say .  protests have rocked parts of northern ireland since a vote on the union fla .
 u.n. edges towards somali peacekeeping role <sec> resolution expresses intent to send u.n. peacekeeping forces to somalia .  the resolution in war-torn country was sponsored by the united states .  ethiopian peacekeeping force completed two-year deployment in somalia .  regional leaders fear vacuum will be filled by islamic extremist group .
 police chief : multiple taser incident 'unacceptable ' <sec> cctv shows unarmed aboriginal man lying on the ground surrounded by officers .  he had reportedly refused a strip search before being tasered 14 times .  taser guns emit an electrical current which temporarily disables the victim .  footage released as part of a probe by western australia police into taser us .
 botswana invites ouattara for a state vist <sec> botswana recognizes ouattara as the rightful winner of ivory coast 's election .  the government is concerned the situation threatens peace and security in africa .  the leaders of botswana also opposed the outcome of zimbabwe 's elections two years ag .
 'django ' actress defends not giving cop id <sec> lapd responded to a call that `` a male white and female black were involved in a sexual act '' .  `` two people were briefly detained , but it was revealed no crime had been committed , '' lapd says .  daniele watts is african-american and her boyfriend is white .  watts says lapd officers handcuffed her , but not her boyfriend , cheffy be*liv .
 scientists : humans and machines will merge in future <sec> nick bostrom says technology will let humans manipulate their own biology .  ray kurzweil predicts humans will be mostly non-biological by around 2030 .  biotechnology , nanotechnology , robotics could merge mankind with machine .
 ochoa inspired by tiger woods meeting <sec> lorena ochoa and tiger woods first met at the junior world championships .  ochoa has won 26 lpga titles since turning professional .  the mexican started playing the game aged fiv .
 nra expands its role from fight for gun rights to conservative causes <sec> american legislative executive council getting attention for pushing conservative legislation .  group was behind the spread of `` stand your ground '' laws .  this week , coca-cola and kraft say they are pulling corporate memberships from group .  the group has ties to the nra , which has extended its reach beyond gun rights advocac .
 a year on , man fights to # bringbackourgirls <sec> some 276 girls were kidnapped from their school in northeastern nigeria by boko haram a year ago .  mass abduction prompted global outcry , with protesters around the world under the # bringbackourgirls banner .  charles alasholuyi has held up a # bringbackourgirls sign almost every day since , to keep up awarenes .
 rick perry is really very wrong about hanukkah <sec> rick perry compares hanukkah to the boston tea party .  there is a parallel -- but perry chose the wrong tea party and the wrong lessons , baden says .  the outgoing texas governor also flubs a few historical fact .
 is the lorax message what people need ? or is it ihop and mazdas if you please ? <sec> families are flocking to see the latest dr. seuss movie .  critics say the lorax would not have approved of car or pancake deals .  the movie has helped sell more dr. seuss books .  one person can make a difference , even if acting alon .
 driver detained as investigators probe spain train crash <sec> new : the speed limit where the crash happened was 80 kph , rail official says .  the driver of the train is under police detention , galicia police chief says .  at least 78 are dead ; dna tests to be done on some remains , official and police say .  `` there were bodies , there was screaming , there was smoke , '' says survivor from uta .
 john king : benghazi investigation both legitimate and partisan <sec> republicans say benghazi investigation legitimate congressional oversight .  democrats say gop is playing partisan politics with the attack on u.s. consulate .  cheney tells house conservatives that if clinton wo n't answer questions , she should be subpoenaed .  analyst points to similarities between hillary clinton now and george h.w . .  bush in 198 .
 e-mails show mississippi governor 's office urged not to pardon dui offender <sec> harry bostick , a convicted dui felon , was arrested in october for drunken driving .  he was involved in a crash that killed 18-year-old charity smith .  at the time , mississippi 's parole board had approved his pardon request .  e-mails show that governor 's office knew about fourth arrest before his pardo .
 arnold palmer 'understands ' tiger woods ' withdrawal <sec> arnold palmer says he understands why tiger woods wo n't play at his tournament .  woods is struggling to be ready for next month 's masters at august .
 boko haram attack repelled , nigerian military says <sec> president goodluck jonathan in area of nigeria where boko haram active .  military says five islamist militants were captured in the battle in northern nigeria .  residents claim soldiers killed as many as 40 boko haram member .
 running from death in israel , waiting for it in gaza <sec> adele raemer is constantly dashing for her safe room , a bunker in her house .  in gaza , rasha sits at home in despair , feeling sure that a war is coming .  she has no place to run and says she has to get used to the idea of dyin .
 rivera crash puts spotlight on charter jet safety <sec> mexican-american superstar jenni rivera died in charter jet crash sunday .  charter jet travel safe worldwide , experts say .  charter owner , plane crash lawyer offer safety tips on bookin .
 btg chief fined for insider trading <sec> the chief executive , andré esteves , of btg pactual has been fined for insider trading .  esteves was banned from senior positions at italian companies .  the news marked a blow for the rio de janeiro-based ban .
 eu slaps fresh sanctions on syrian leader 's family <sec> new : at least 54 people were killed friday , says an opposition group .  aid is delivered as tens of thousands of people have fled , the icrc says .  the u.n. human rights council adopts resolution condemning the syrian regime .  special envoy kofi annan will discuss the crisis with russia and china this weeken .
 report : 300 dead in december congo massacre <sec> a rebel group in congo killed at least 321 civilians , human rights watch said .  the lord 's resistance army abducted 250 others including 80 children , the report said .  lra forces attacked at least 10 villages from december 14 to 17 , the report claimed .  cnn could not independently confirm reports of the massacr .
 frozen feat : adventurer climbs icy niagara falls <sec> ice climber will gadd scaled a frozen cliff at niagara falls .  gadd , a triple gold medalist at the x games , described feeling `` hypothermic '' after the clim .
 obama : he needs to be the explainer-in-chief ( opinion ) <sec> president obama speaks out forcefully on ukraine , isis on wednesday .  julian zelizer : it 's about time the president focused on explaining , not blaming .  he says obama has spent too much time recently criticizing media , gop , others .  zelizer : americans look to their presidents to explain world event .
 corpse found in l.a. hotel 's water tank <sec> elisa lam disappeared from the hotel on january 31 .  the canadian 's body was found in a cecil hotel water tank tuesday .  police are investigating the deat .
 sandra bullock hails law limiting paparazzi : 'children should not be sold ' <sec> bullock supports new law that increase penalties for paparazzi harassing children .  california gov . .  jerry brown signed the bill into law on tuesday .  bullock immortalized her hand and footprints in hollywood .  she defends decision to bring her son louis bardot to media even .
 prominent chinese journalist gao yu jailed <sec> accused of leaking a document revealing party 's ideological battle plan to counter advocates of constitutional democracy .  amnesty : her sentencing is in line with the very stern approach president xi jinping 's team has taken on dissent .  gao was arrested in april last year , ahead of the sensitive 25th anniversary of the tiananmen square crackdow .
 federer defeats moya in kooyong opener <sec> roger federer wins his opening match at the kooyong classic in melbourne .  the world number two sweeps past carlo moya of spain in straight sets .  fernando verdasco of spain and fernando gonzalez of chile also go throug .
 tiger woods struggles on pga tour return after injury <sec> after three-month layoff , tiger woods returns to action .  woods hits 74 at quicken loans national event .  american returns ahead of british open on july 1 .
 officials : 8 fire victims in new orleans were in teens , early 20s <sec> new : victims were in their late teens or early 20s .  wdsu : the victims may have sought warmth from freezing temperatures .  the victims are believed to have been homeless .  the call came in shortly before 2 a.m .
 loved ones celebrate sidonie and her excellent note <sec> the message in a bottle was discovered on a new york beach after superstorm sandy .  it had been written 10 years before by sidonie fery .  fery died in 2010 in a fall while at boarding school in switzerland .  on saturday , a plaque was dedicated at the spot where the bottle was foun .
 husband of katherine harris kills himself , police say <sec> anders ebbeson , 68 , had been ill .  he died of a self-inflicted gunshot , pastor says .  harris says `` her husband is no longer suffering , '' police chief say .
 settlement offered in phoenix airport strangling case <sec> carol anne gotbaum 's children are expected to receive a $ 250,000 settlement .  money comes from insurance company on behalf of police and city of phoenix .  gotbaum accidentally strangled herself while in police custody .  woman was taken into custody after acting erratically at airpor .
 report seeks to break australian impasse over asylum seekers <sec> australian expert panel recommends opening offshore processing centers for asylum seekers .  gillard government has given its in-principle backing to the report .  22 recommendations include processing asylum seekers on nauru , png .  refugee advocates express outrage , saying the proposal `` rebadges '' the pacific solutio .
 china : arrests after 15 killed in chinese 'gambling ' blast <sec> 15 people have been killed in an explosion in a village in southern china .  victims had gathered at site to gamble .  cause of explosion is being investigated ; 8 people have been detained .  eight injured are said to be in stable conditio .
 world economic forum in numbers : davos facts and figures <sec> wef contributes chf 45m ( $ 50m ) to the davos economy and chf 70m to switzerland .  overall , 2,500 delegates traveled to davos from more than 100 countries around the world .  the average temperature in the town of davos is -5°c in january and 17°c in jul .
 u.s. army corps of engineers taking bids to build complex for israeli air force <sec> the facility , called `` site 911 , '' is expected to cost the u.s. $ 25 million to $ 100 million .  only u.s. construction firms can bid on the contract ; the deadline for proposals is monday .  the purpose of the site , on an air force base near tel aviv , is unclear .  construction workers will be subject to stringent security regulation .
