 sunni mosque in baghdad bombed ; 5 dead <sec> the mosque is in northeastern baghdad .  there 's been an upsurge in sectarian violence in iraq .  april was the deadliest month in nearly five years , united nations say .
 rep. bill young , longest-serving gop member in house , dies at age 82 <sec> rep. young had served 22 terms in the u.s. house .  young , 82 , announced last week he would not seek re-election .  his family said earlier this week the congressman was `` gravely ill .
 ukraine : 19 troops killed in rocket attack <sec> the violence occurred in the restive luhansk region .  along with the deaths , dozens of people were injured .  the european union is sanctioning 11 more people over the crisi .
 damien hirst artworks stolen in london gallery heist <sec> two signed works by british artist damien hirst stolen from gallery in london .  spot pictures , entitled `` pyronin y '' and `` oleoylsarcosine '' , together worth $ 54,000 .  thief forced open the doors of exhibitionist gallery in the middle of the nigh .
 samoa to go back to the future with dateline shift <sec> samoa plans to switch to the west side of the international dateline at the end of this week .  the pacific island will drop this friday going straight from thursday to saturday .  the decision was prompted by australia and new zealand 's focus on asian economies .  new timezone will put it three hours ahead of eastern australia vs. 21 hours behin .
 whitney houston comes back instyle <sec> whitney houston spoke with instyle magazine about her comeback .  singer gave tips on how to be sexy and alluring without having to expose much .  houston said her strategy is less is more when it comes to sex appea .
 former thai prime minister faces murder charge over 2010 crackdown <sec> abhisit vejjajiva and his former deputy are charged over the death of a taxi driver .  the driver was killed amid a crackdown on protests in bangkok in 2010 .  a court ruled last month that his death resulted from military acts ordered by abhisit .  more than 90 people were killed in the 2010 clashes in bangko .
 hurricane norbert pounds , drenches mexican coast <sec> new : state news : over 450 people evacuated from 2 hostels .  hurricane norbert has 100 mph sustained winds , is about 180 miles offshore .  it could produce up to 10 inches of rain in spots , says national hurricane center .  some communities have been cut off due to mudslide .
 putin gives mixed message on ukraine as key vote approaches <sec> new : pentagon official says small number of russian troops pulling back from border .  clashes reported in eastern ukraine as election approaches .  russia 's president warns of civil war in ukraine ; says he will respect voters ' will .  separatists and pro-ukrainian militants clash near town of karlivk .
 14 chinese fishermen rescued ; 58 still missing after typhoon <sec> twenty-two ships and four planes are searching for survivors .  three boats from guangdong province foundered after being caught in a storm .  a total of 28 fishermen have been found alive , two have been found dead and 58 are missing .  typhoon wutip made landfall on vietnam 's central coast late monday , causing three death .
 the troubled history of suspect in ambassador 's attack <sec> suspect kim ki-jung was captured after u.s. ambassador was slashed in seoul .  kim had history of anti-u.s. sentiment and sympathies for north kore .
 romney 's economic plan has the edge <sec> libertarian economist jeffrey miron says both candidates ' economic plans have flaws .  he says romney 's position on taxes is stronger , higher rates will curb growth .  miron says both candidates try to control the unsustainable growth of medicare .  he says obama seeks to use government to curb costs while romney relies on a voucher pla .
 on the trail of human trafficking <sec> siddharth kara begins 10 week journey into south asia . .  will investigate issues of human trafficking and child labor . .  kara will travel to urban and rural regions in several south asian countrie .
 ancelotti questions chelsea changes <sec> carlo ancelotti says he has to deliver champions league football at psg .  the former chelsea and ac milan boss has been in france since december .  the italian say andre villas-boas has tried to change too much at chelsea .  former chelsea midfielder claude makelele says the situation at the club is `` sad .
 obama visits ground zero ; honors 9/11 victims <sec> new : obama follows tradition of other presidents with a personal appearance .  obama met a 14-year-old girl who wrote him a letter about the loss of her father .  president barack obama went to new york to meet with 9/11 survivors .  the trip comes four days after a u.s. navy seal team killed osama bin lade .
 opinion : kerry cease-fire dispute bolsters hard-liners <sec> alan elsner : israel-u.s. rift over secretary kerry 's cease-fire plan empowers hard-liners .  elsner : state department said plan was an early , confidential draft of ideas . .  but it was leaked .  elsner : dispute serves israelis who want to reoccupy gaza , militant hamas fighters .  elsner : netanyahu 's war might be escalating far beyond what he intende .
 vanishing act : the long , strange search for jimmy hoffa <sec> since jimmy hoffa disappeared on july 30 , 1975 , the mystery has lingered .  where did he go ? .  what -- and who -- was behind the vanishing act .  the latest search is on a nondescript field in michigan .  it is just the most recent in a string of searches that stretches across nearly 4 decade .
 cisco umi brings videoconferencing to the living room <sec> service includes hd camera with embedded microphone , set-top box , and remote .  no external microphone , but you can recalibrate the audio quality .  recorded videos can be uploaded to facebook and youtub .
 schneider : obama begins repairing america 's image abroad <sec> schneider : `` the world loves obama . .  but does the world love the united states ? '' .  obama visits canada on thursday to throngs of cheering crowds .  obama vowed during the campaign to remake the image of the united states .  americans appear confident world opinion can change under obam .
 would more tea party-backed senators mean more gridlock ? <sec> tea party favorite ted cruz won the texas gop senate primary runoff tuesday .  democratic senate leaders : more tea party senators could cause more gridlock .  on top of new fiscally conservative senators , several moderates are retiring .  demint : more fiscal conservatives would force democrats ' han .
 danish magazine denies publishing fresh images of catherine <sec> danish magazine se og hor says it only published pictures of catherine 10 days ago .  media reports friday claimed the magazine had released new , more revealing images .  the royals took legal action against the french magazine that first published the photos .  william and catherine were on vacation when a photographer took the long lens shot .
 bail set for california woman charged with cutting off husband 's penis <sec> new : a judge sets bail at $ 1 million and rejects a request to bar courtroom cameras .  catherine kieu becker , 48 , is charged with aggravated mayhem and torture .  she is accused of drugging her husband and cutting off his penis , police say .  the couple is going through a divorc .
 shanghai 's best hole-in-the-wall sushi restaurant <sec> sheng sushi 's elwood and jake do n't give customers the blues .  instead they offer high quality and affordable sushi .  partners wear bejeweled black fedoras , say they have n't seen `` blues brothers .
 netflix revives 'the killing ' ... again <sec> twice-canceled tv show `` the killing '' is coming back again .  netflix revived the amc series for a final season .  the streaming company previously revived fan favorite `` arrested development .
 university professor apologizes for sex-toy demonstration <sec> new : the northwestern professor now says benefit to students did n't justify harm to school .  he had allowed a couple to demonstrate a sex toy in after-class session .  the university president was `` troubled '' by the inciden .
 cheat sheet : catching up on snowden and the latest nsa leaks <sec> citing leaked nsa documents , european publications publish fresh allegations of u.s. spying .  outraged european officials are demanding answers from the united states .  ecuador 's president says vice president joe biden asked him not to give snowden asylum .  amateur filmmakers release the first movie about snowde .
 sudan soldier : 'they told me to kill , to rape children ' <sec> former soldier says he was armed with a kalashnikov and told to kill .  `` adam '' describes taking part in rape attacks on children in darfur .  victims included girls as young as 12 , he say .
 chicago to get more atf agents to help fight gun crime <sec> seven more agents will join the 45 already stationed in chicago , justice department says .  attorney general : agency aims to help `` local leaders ensure chicago 's streets are safe '' .  an outbreak of shootings on the july fourth weekend highlights the city 's gun crime proble .
 recovery of stolen trophy leaves sampras 'more optimistic , ' agent says <sec> pete sampras is `` a little more optimistic '' his stolen mementos will be found , his agent says .  one of the tennis legend 's stolen trophies was found late last week in a los angeles park .  thieves took 51 of sampras ' championship trophies and other items last month , police sa .
 these 8 whiz kids are the future of medicine <sec> we look at eight of the world 's most impressive young medical pioneers .  ten-year-old adeeb alblooshi created a waterproof prosthetic leg .  jack andraka developed a cancer test when he was 15 .  samantha marquez started developing a revolutionary 3-d cell structure when she was 1 .
 libyan leaders claim new areas in bani walid <sec> government forces surround the city from all sides , an official says .  troops loyal to moammar gadhafi flee to southern part of the city , he says .  the united nations cites evidence of prisoner torture by the nt .
 husband charged with killing wife on cruise <sec> shirley mcgill , 55 , was found dead in her cabin on the carnival elation on tuesday .  husband robert mcgill , in mid-50s , charged with murder on the high seas , fbi says .  fbi and carnival cruise line said domestic dispute tuesday night led to deat .
 neighbors pull envoys after paraguay dumps president <sec> new : chile and venezuela recall their ambassadors .  brazil and uruguay express concern about the impeachment of the president .  new president federico franco says the process was constitutional .  some leaders say they refuse to recognize the franco governmen .
 hulk hogan says he considered suicide after breakup <sec> in new book , wrestling legend and reality tv star talks about hitting rock bottom .  he credits phone call from boxer and `` gladiators '' co-star laila ali with saving him .  book says he was despondent after his son 's car accident and breakup with wif .
 kidney odyssey takes kenyan to india <sec> woman travels from kenya to india for a tricky third kidney transplant .  lorna irungu suffers from lupus and already has received two previous transplants .  one kidney was removed during the surgery to make room for the new kidney .  irungu now has four kidneys , but only one works properl .
 fight to free mandela from tacky t-shirts <sec> 200 people worldwide warned against misuse of mandela 's image .  nelson mandela foundation strives to protect the mandels `` brand '' .  artists say foundation is being heavy hande .
 opinion : the perils of rick perry <sec> james moore : texas governor reinventing himself , but grand jury inquiry wo n't go away .  grand jury takes up allegations perry bribed , coerced official to force her out of office .  moore : state official was conducting criminal investigation that might have implicated perry .  he says perry 's troubles are good news for jeb bush in race for presidential nominatio .
 border fence is a dividing line in immigration debate <sec> eight democrats in congress wrote obama to halt building of border fence .  border patrol agents say fence has drastically cut number of border crossings .  then-sen. obama voted to authorize almost $ 3 billion for building 670 miles of fence .  critic says barrier has forced illegal immigrants to make riskier desert crossing .
 supplement may be statin alternative for some <sec> red yeast rice may be an alternative for people with statin-related muscle pain .  supplement may cause pain for some patients ; is not fda regulated .  red yeast rice is derived from a fungus that grows on ric .
 struggling tiger woods withdraws from tournament with back problems <sec> former world no.1 blames weather delays for discomfort .  he was two over par when forced out after 11 holes in san diego .  tournament was his second pga event of season after 2014 back surgery .  setback follows worst round of his professional career last wee .
 u.s. family rescued after 48 hours in taj hotel rooms <sec> new : carol mackoff said they went down back stairs over glass , blood to escape .  family stayed in contact with u.s. consulate , cnn through text messages .  mackoff : `` we saw men running down our hallway ... we could see guns '' .  woman says attackers rang doorbell , family stuck heavy suitcases against doo .
 amazon extending prime benefits to other sites <sec> amazon will give prime benefits to members on other sites .  benefits include two-day shipping .  users can pay instantly on the sites with their amazon informatio .
 hideo nakata : director of dread <sec> director of japanese horror film `` ringu '' has redefined a genre .  trained as a journalist , he did not start out aiming to make horror films .  has remade a number of his films for hollywood to mixed review .
 garth brooks cancels ireland comeback concerts <sec> dublin 's city council approves just three nights , but garth brooks demanded five .  `` no concerts will take place , '' brooks promoter announced tuesday .  brooks put his music career on hold 13 years ago to raise his daughters .  a news conference is set for thursday for an expected world tour announcemen .
 from stressed-out cop to buddhist teacher <sec> cheri maples found a new way to serve and protect . .  in 2008 , the former police chief became a buddhist dharama teacher . .  to date , maples has trained more than 1,000 criminal justice personnel .
 kvitova to face errani in dubai final <sec> petra kvitova booked her place in the final of the dubai open .  world no.8 defeated caroline wozniacki 6-3 6-4 .  czech star will face fifth seed sara errani of italy for the title .  french open finalist errani defeated doubles partner roberta vinci 6-3 6- .
 third time lucky to score olympic tickets ? <sec> london 2012 organizers to begin another batch of ticket sales on friday .  a group of 20,000 people will be eligible to apply for 900,000 seats in the first 31 hours .  applicants who missed out on first round will get five-day window to buy four tickets .  babies under 12 months old will now be allowed into some venues without a ticke .
 promoter : 'i kind of knew what was going to happen ' to michael jackson <sec> new : aeg live co-ceo paul gongaware was with elvis ' manager when he first met jackson .  new : `` i was working on the elvis tour when he died so i kind of knew what to expect , '' he wrote .  gongaware managed jackson 's two tours in the 1990s .  he was in charge of producing jackson 's `` this is it '' comeback tou .
 'we bought a zoo ' : a fresh start with a twist <sec> matt damon plays grieving widower benjamin in `` we bought a zoo '' .  the movie is genuinely funny , sweet and kindhearted , our critic says .  he says it 's great counterprogramming to some of heavier end-of-year release .
 on the line for secret service chief : agency 's reputation , his job <sec> mark sullivan is trying to protect the agency 's reputation , and his job .  the alleged prostitution scandal in colombia raises questions about agency culture .  influential legislators say sullivan has acted swiftly and effectively so far on the problem .  sullivan has spent almost 30 years at the secret servic .
 sharapova faces serena in wta final <sec> maria sharapova sets up final clash with serena williams at wta championships .  she has lost to american in last eight encounters but beat her in the 2004 final .  sharapova defeats world no . .  1 victoria azarenka in saturday 's second semifinal .  williams cruised into her fifth final , beating fourth-ranked agnieszka radwansk .
 hotter than hell : japan 's fieriest onsens <sec> beppu is home to more than 2,500 onsen , or hot springs .  water in the `` eight hells '' springs can reach 150 c .  `` demon mountain hell '' is home to crocodiles and alligator .
 pakistan 's military claims taliban stronghold <sec> pakistani forces secure sararogha , clearing the town of weapons and ammunition .  pakistan : 21 militants and one pakistani soldier die in the past 24 hours of fighting .  restive and largely ungoverned region of south waziristan is headquarters of pakistani taliban .  pakistan 's army has launched three similar offensives in kaniguram and sararogha since 2004 without succes .
 magnitude 4.4 earthquake rattles southern california <sec> magnitude 4.4 earthquake strikes at 4:04 a.m . .  epicenter is 11 miles east-southeast of los angeles civic center .  quake was centered 11 miles below the earth 's surface , usgs say .
 new species of frog found in ... nyc <sec> a new frog species is discovered in new york , of all places .  researchers encountered the frogs living in the marshes of staten island .  the finding confirms research done more than 75 years ag .
 two u.s. war casualties three years apart share a final resting place <sec> the body of a marine killed 3 years ago in iraq was exhumed to be buried next to a close friend .  the friend , a navy seal , was killed last month in afghanistan .  the marine was reburied at arlington national cemetery on friday .  the navy seal will be buried next to him on monda .
 blagojevich free on $ 4,500 bail after arrest <sec> new : gov . .  rod blagojevich released on $ 4,500 bail , forfeits passport .  new : barack obama says he had `` no contact '' as governor chose his successor .  blagojevich arrested , accused of conspiring to sell obama 's senate seat .  governor can still appoint obama 's successor despite arrest , u.s. attorney say .
 is infidelity natural ? ask the apes <sec> wendy shalit says recent articles spin evolutionary theories to justify infidelity .  one says men more likely to cheat on breadwinner wives , but also on low-earning wives .  another claims men `` hardwired '' to cheat , she says ; a third says infidelity natural , as with apes .  shalit : infidelity `` science '' a convenient excuse ; men 's better selves have self-contro .
 chelsea fightback denies manchester united ; liverpool stuns tottenham <sec> chelsea fight back from 2-0 down to draw with manchester united in fa cup last eight .  goals from eden hazard and ramires bring chelsea back from the brink .  winner of the replay will face manchester city in the semifinal at wembley .  liverpool come back from 2-1 down to beat tottenham in the premier leagu .
 opinion : why israel is its own worst enemy <sec> levy : unprecedented cracks in israel 's democracy have been revealed after month of gaza conflict .  levy : biggest problem is israeli mainstream 's failure to tolerate dissenting voices .  levy : many israelis no longer perceive palestinians as equal human beings .  levy : dehumanization allows israel to strengthen its occupation and deny palestinians right .
 u.s. offers $ 5 million for information leading to joseph kony , cronies <sec> u.s. state department offers $ 5 million for lord 's resistance army leaders .  one of them is joseph kony , who gained notoriety through a 2012 social media campaign .  money was made possible through an act signed by president obama in januar .
 the pope 's 5 most popular tweets <sec> the pope has been active on twitter only since december 12 .  the spiritual leader stunned the world monday with the news that he will resign february 28 .  he tweets under the handle @ pontifex -- meaning `` bridge builder '' in lati .
 pentagon confident satellite 's toxic fuel destroyed <sec> new : u.s. will share some information on shootdown with china .  pentagon : `` high degree of confidence '' missile scored direct hit on fuel tank .  officials see no debris larger than a football , general says .  pentagon : most debris will burn up on re-entry within two day .
 5 ways to stay healthy when fasting <sec> the nba 's carmelo anthony says he 's back to eating after a fast .  if you 're trying a fast , remember to stay hydrated .  do n't use fasting as a weight-loss tool , experts sa .
