 fire truck lowered into 9/11 memorial in honor of its lost crew <sec> ladder company 3 's truck is put in place at the 9/11 memorial .  12 firefighters from the company lost their lives on 9/11 .  the memorial is scheduled to open in septembe .
 profile : craig brown , satirist <sec> craig brown is releasing a book of his satire during the blair years .  brown writes columns for the daily telegraph and private eye .  he works from his home in the country and feels uncomfortable in offices .  new book covers cctv , absos , binge drinking , celebrities , and dwindling privac .
 poll : americans predict more gridlock in full gop control of congress <sec> a new cnn/orc poll finds 50 percent of americans think gop control of congress will be bad for america .  sixty-eight percent of americans believe the gop is n't cooperating enough with the president .  the gop brand has begun to rebound , now only slightly lagging democrats in terms of popularit .
 argentine president calls for decriminalization of drug use <sec> president cristina fernandez de kirchner says addicts should not be persecuted .  argentine government wants congress to pass legislation by end of year .  measures could lessen sentences for users , crack down on dealers and traffickers .  rep. barney frank proposes similar legislation this week on capitol hil .
 iran bans 'underground university , ' brands it 'extremist cult ' <sec> the baha'i -- iran 's largest religious minority -- are systematically excluded from higher education .  in response , baha'is have improvised an informal , semi-underground college since 1987 .  iran 's raid on the institution earlier this year has prompted an international outcr .
 sutter : 17 must-reads on illegal wildlife trade <sec> new : the list grows with more suggested reading .  the next change the list series will focus on wildlife trafficking .  readers voted for john sutter to cover that topic as part of the project .  sutter asks twitter followers to help him create a list of `` must-reads '' on traffickin .
 apple announces oct. 16 event <sec> apple announces october 16 event .  new ipads , macs are expected .  apple could release a huge new ipa .
 new zealand beat wallabies to reach rugby world cup final <sec> new zealand to play france in the rugby world cup final .  all blacks beat australia 20-6 in semifinal at eden park in auckland .  ma'a nonu scores only try of the match in the first half .  australia go into third place playoff against wale .
 4 takeaways from obama 's foreign policy speech <sec> u.s. officials still have questions about the yemeni military 's ability .  an anti-terrorism strategy without diplomacy is a short-term fix , president says .  obama presented a lawyerly defense of his foreign policy to dat .
 congress curbs enthusiasm for 'gang of six ' plan <sec> conservatives do n't like plan 's tax increases , while liberals do n't like proposed entitlement cuts .  democrats , republicans sought to turn attention back to the mcconnell-reid plan .  some want to tie elements of `` gang of six '' proposal to mcconnell-reid measur .
 will smith helps jimmy fallon remain king of trending <sec> fallon rapped with will smith on thursday night 's show .  he 's had viral hits all this week .  fans have come to expect it of hi .
 saudis seek oscar glory for female director who defied death threats <sec> saudi arabia submitted the country 's first feature film oscar consideration . .  the movie , wadjda , was written and directed by haifaa al mansour , a woman . .  in saudi arabia , women can not be seen in public with men who are not relatives .  al mansour had to direct the film from inside a van using walkie-talkies .
 bush 's last day : calls , candy and a flight to midland <sec> new : `` we 're back in texas , and we 're here to stay , '' bush tells cheering crowd .  new : `` a good man took the oath of office today , '' bush says .  the bushes arrive in midland , texas , about 6 p.m. tuesday .  outgoing press secretary gives reporters m & m boxes signed by president bus .
 photographers honor one of their own killed in libya <sec> the benefit sale precedes a memorial service for anton hammerl .  the sale marks the 5-month anniversary of hammerl 's death .  he was last seen in the libyan desert on april 5 .  his remains have not been recovered , a family spokesman say .
 cheers erupt on boston-area streets after suspect 's arrest <sec> new : music blares as revelers pour onto boston streets , brandishing american flags .  student : `` i feel like i can go back to school now and know that i 'm safe '' .  crowds clap , cheer after learning the marathon bombing suspect has been arrested .  `` i 'm glad it 's over , '' resident says , `` the city and the people have gone through so much pain .
 gulf airlines shake up aviation alliances <sec> qatar airways was the first gulf carrier to join one of the three big alliances .  `` alliances competing for members , '' says oneworld ceo bruce ashby .  gulf carriers ' location and capacity make them important players in aviation .  but star alliance has `` no aspirations '' to have a gulf carrier as a member , says ce .
 four decades later , medal of honor for newlywed hero 's sacrifice <sec> spec . .  leslie sabo jr. was married for one month before shipping out to vietnam .  his bride , rose , says he `` was always goofing around . .  ... we had a ball together '' .  sabo died in a firefight in which he shielded his mates from a grenade , took out a bunker .  he will receive the medal of honor posthumously from the president on wednesda .
 detroit police find bodies of two children in freezer <sec> bodies of boy and girl found in detroit freezer .  bailiff performing an eviction makes the initial discovery .  mom arrested on child abuse charges , pending results from medical examine .
 see sausalito like a local <sec> wade in the bay and watch sailboats at schoonmaker beach .  stroll through waldo point harbor , one of sausalito 's houseboat communities .  shop caledonia street , a 10-minute walk north of the waterfron .
 fans pay tribute to steve jobs online and at apple stores <sec> early thursday , details on tributes to apple co-founder steve jobs were still scarce .  jobs ' family says a website will be created to let people offer tributes to him .  apple 's campus and apple stores worldwide became memorials by late wednesday .  a group names oct. 14 , when the iphone 4s is released , as steve jobs da .
 stroke recovery : one woman 's story <sec> este osofsky-mcgonigle had a stroke in 2009 at age 47 .  timing is the main factor in determining whether someone survives a stroke .  her doctor calls her recovery remarkable ; she says it was determination .  may is national stroke awareness mont .
 lung cancer battle : time for action <sec> lung cancer awareness month does n't get attention it deserves , arielle densen says .  one in five women diagnosed with lung cancer never smoked .  some 108,000 women are diagnosed with lung cancer each yea .
 jargon-busting u.s. election buzzwords <sec> cnn defines the terms and buzzwords of the 2012 u.s. presidential election .  what 's the difference between a red state , a blue state and a purple state ? .  find out who chuck norris endorsed in this year 's republican primary rac .
 oscar-winning movie legend maurice jarre dies <sec> maurice jarre won three oscars during his career , all for scoring films by david lean .  during the 1980s , 1990s he scored music for `` ghost , '' `` witness , '' `` fatal attraction '' .  career recognized most recently at the berlin international film festiva .
 opinion : paula deen , before you apologize , understand why <sec> tricia rose : paula deen does n't seem to see why she offended people .  she says deen does n't connect her actions to broader , endemic conditions in society .  deen also should explain idea of a plantation wedding with all-black staff , rose say .
 geithner meets with chinese leaders with economy , iran on agenda <sec> new : geithner emphasizes expanding trade and investment .  discussions are expected to cover tensions over possible sanctions on iranian oil exports .  china says its large imports of iranian oil have nothing to do with tehran 's nuclear program .  officials also talk about improving economic ties between china and the united state .
 your 10 most popular louvre artworks <sec> we asked you to share your favorite louvre artwork via # louvrefavorite .  after pulling together your tweets , pictures , here are your favorite artworks .  this is your guide to the most popular pieces inside the louvr .
 hiv 'cure ' in toddler offers 'global hope ' <sec> how quickly antiretrovirals were administered in this case may have made a difference .  mother-child infection rates are down 90 % in the united states since the mid-'90s .  some 1,000 infants are born with hiv every day , according to the united nation .
 british sailor missing in dubai <sec> timothy andrew maccoll was last seen getting into a taxi alone outside a bar .  the 27-year-old has two children and a third on the way .  the family is `` going crazy with worry , '' his wife says .  british authorities are working with local officials to find hi .
 man wearing afghan police uniform kills 3 nato troops <sec> the three slain soldiers were from british units , the defense ministry says .  the attack takes place in southern afghanistan .  it was unclear whether the attacker was a police officer or an infiltrato .
 zeta-jones latest star to test 40 in hollywood <sec> renee zellweger , jennifer aniston , cate blanchett have turned 40 this year .  stars appear to be going strong in an industry famously obsessed with youth .  some doubt hollywood is interested in making 'vehicles ' for top female stars .  television , independent films offer more options than ever for actor .
 french citizenship for supermarket hero lassana bathily <sec> france awards citizenship to lassana bathily for his actions during the supermarket attack .  `` people think i am a hero , but i am not . .  i am just lassana , '' he say .
 49ers too strong for broncos at wembley <sec> the san francisco 49ers beat the denver broncos 24-16 at wembley stadium .  the 49ers recover from going 10-3 down to defeat the broncos with three td 's .  it was the fourth time that the famous london arena had hosted an nfl matc .
 sago investigator will look at west virginia mine disaster <sec> 29 miners were killed in an explosion last week .  davitt mcateer named by west virginia governor to lead investigation .  mining disaster was the worst in the united states since 197 .
 car plows into parade crowd , trapping some under it <sec> bystanders run after the car , enter it and stop it .  the crowd lift up the cadillac to free people trapped underneath it .  wjhl : driver has a medical emergency before losing control of the car .  accident occurs during the hiker parade at the trail days festiva .
 police chief : teen shoots four , kills self at cleveland high school <sec> police chief : teen gunman may have targeted some victims .  shooting victims are two adults and two teenagers .  teen gunman suspended from school on monday , chief michael mcgrath said .  thursday classes at successtech high are cancele .
 balloons and bagpipes -- new york on parade <sec> new york turns green for the city 's traditional st patrick 's day parade .  wearing a costume lets you join in the the village halloween celebrations .  inflatable cartoon characters are the highlight of macy 's thanksgiving parad .
 apple 's next big product may be a tv <sec> reports : a `` full-blown '' apple television is on the way .  a quote from steve jobs in his biography says he figured out how to make the set .  analysts say they 've seen evidence that prototype tvs are being built in china .  apple tv , a web-streaming device , has n't met expectation .
 georgia man gets life after murder conviction in day care shooting <sec> new : a defense lawyer says they may appeal , adding `` we 're not about giving up '' .  new : the da says whether the victim 's widow is charged is `` under review '' .  her late husband was shot dead in 2010 after dropping off his son at day care .  after his conviction , hemy neuman says , `` i am so , so , so sorry .
 ferguson : why grand jury was needed ( opinion ) <sec> paul callan : ferguson protests certain if grand jury fails to indict officer darren wilson .  callan : protesters might want to skip grand jury process , but it 's essential .  callan : it 's better that a citizens ' panel handle this explosive case than a single judge .  he says change comes through voting rather than in street demonstration .
 hands-on impressions of the new iphones <sec> cnn 's heather kelly spent a few minutes with new newly launched iphones tuesday .  5s fingerprint sensor worked seamlessly , though adding profiles takes some time .  a slow-motion video looked impressively professional .  the polycarbonate body on the iphone 5c feels sturdier than other plastic phone .
 woods misses quail hollow cut as watney leads the way <sec> tiger woods struggles to second round 73 at quail hollow .  woods misses cut at pga tour event in north carolina .  nick watney sets clubhouse pace at halfway on 12-under .  world no.2 rory mcilroy six shots back after a 6 .
 oregon man charged in terrorist attack <sec> a man living in portland , oregon , is accused of giving money to fund a bomb plot in pakistan n 2009 .  reaz qadir khan , 48 , funded another man 's training for the attack , a federal indictment said .  khan also allegedly sent money to the man 's wife after he died in the bombing , the indictment say .
 dangerous game in islamic center debate <sec> john avlon went to protests over islamic center , says it 's become proxy for other issues .  protesters held inflammatory signs , he says , some from right-wing extreme .  but some protesters earnestly opposed , others just conflicted , he says .  avlon : islam as a whole is not the enemy ; exploiting issue for political gain is dangerou .
 israeli soldier killed at border with lebanon <sec> soldiers fire at `` suspicious people , '' hitting 1 , israel defense forces say .  united nations secretary-general issues a statement deploring the shooting .  cross-border fire has been rare since the israel-hezbollah war .  unifil has been in southern lebanon since a 1978 conflict with israe .
 ebola needs to be on obama 's summit agenda ( opinion ) <sec> president obama 's africa summit does not have ebola epidemic on agenda .  record-breaking epidemic hits poverty-stricken liberia , guinea and sierra leone .  laurie garrett : we need to make long-term commitment to ebola-struck nations .  garrett : summit urgently needs to address this and plan for the worst if it hits populous nigeri .
 3 dead in shooting at jewish museum of belgium <sec> interior minister says terror alert level highest where jewish community frequents .  european jewish congress is `` aware of the permanent threat to jewish targets in belgium '' .  interior minister joelle milquet says three people are dead , another seriously hurt .  milquet tells belgian media that circumstances could suggest anti-semitic attac .
 chinese credit card debt mounts <sec> although chinese credit card debt is far behind the u.s. , it 's beginning to mount .  new credit cards jumped 32 percent the past year .  chinese card debts more than two months overdue rose 133 percent this yea .
 tottenham seal van der vaart deal <sec> tottenham complete the signing of rafael van der vaart .  technical problems delayed the deal just before the transfer deadline .  dutch international joins from spanish club real madrid .  van der vaart was part of the dutch side that lost in the world cup final to spai .
 eurozone 's new world order : germany versus the rest <sec> daniel gros thinks the eurozone 's public finances are still in shape despite downgrades .  gros regards europe 's regional split of savings habits as one of the key problems in the crisis .  the european central bank has prevented a collapse of the banking system , but it has its limit .
 turks criticize chinese treatment of uyghurs <sec> turkey 's pm calls on china to stop assimilation efforts of uyghurs in xinjiang .  prime minister erdogan labels latest violence in urumqi as `` genocide '' .  clashes in urumqi erupted over ethnic tensions between uyghurs and ha .
 virtual assistants are the way forward <sec> virtual assistants are the most significant development of the digital revolution .  workplaces must adapt and establish working relations with them .  we will be able to use them in every aspect of our personal lives .  leading players google , microsoft and apple are seeking control of this massive new marke .
 guard held hostage in south carolina prison freed <sec> guard suffered cuts , was able to walk out of the prison after his rescue , official says .  `` we are looking into security issues , '' a corrections spokesman says .  the incident started just before 5 p.m . .  et thursday at lee correctional institute .  in june , a guard was held hostage for several hours at the same prison before being free .
 a year after cyclone , a girl remembers <sec> girl who survives myanmar cyclone pretends it never happened .  cyclone survivor becomes known as 'the girl who refuses to remember ' .  aid worker returns to myanmar a year later to see the girl .  `` i was expecting a very different girl , '' worker say .
 hunger in niger threatens millions <sec> aid agencies fear the situation will deteriorate rapidly .  drought has led to a failure of crops .  in all , 10 million people in the sahel region are at ris .
 egyptian secular , islamist groups meet to try to end conflict <sec> mohamed morsy , in berlin , rejects `` extraordinary measures in the transitional period '' .  the ultraconservative al-nour party meets with the opposition national salvation front .  al-nour had backed morsy but has criticized the president amid recent turmoil .  morsy delegates curfew orders to local government .
 in haiti , patients despair of adequate health care <sec> medecins sans frontieres says public health system in haiti failing patients .  free clinics offered by the aid organization being overwhelmed .  many in poverty-stricken nation lack access to basic health care .  public health system is underfunded and understaffed , group say .
 'nashville ' gets full season , yee-haw <sec> `` nashville '' pulls higher ratings among adults 18-49 in homes with at least $ 100,000 in annual income .  the connie britton and hayden panettiere drama has received a pickup for nine more hours .  no word yet on fellow freshman dramas `` last resort '' and `` 666 park avenue .
 boston bruins win stanley cup ; vancouver fans riot <sec> police move in after vancouver fans set vehicle afire , throw items .  boston overcame a 2-0 series deficit to win its first stanley cup since 1972 .  vancouver , in its 41st season , was seeking to win its first nhl championship .  the bruins now have won six stanley cups , making them no . .  4 all-tim .
 clinton sees movement on russia-u.s. trade relations <sec> new : clinton discusses syria , iran and missile defense with russia 's vladimir putin .  congress may vote on lifting a cold war-era trade amendment this month , clinton says .  the jackson-vanik amendment was passed in 1974 as a way to pressure russia .  clinton is in vladivostok for the apec economic leaders ' meetin .
 'fifty shades of grey ' casts rita ora as christian 's sister <sec> rita ora has been cast as christian grey 's sister in `` fifty shades '' .  the brit pop star is a relative newcomer to acting .  ora confirmed the news on twitte .
 venezuela 's chavez returns to cuba for more treatment <sec> chavez has not specified the type of cancer he is battling .  the charismatic and controversial leader is up for re-election in octobe .
 singapore aims to capture its history , 'messiness ' and all <sec> singapore is using crowdsourcing to compile its recent history .  the city-state will celebrate 50 years of independence in 2015 .  it 's calling on all citizens to upload memories to its memory project .  singaporeans have shared memories in photos , blog posts , e-books and video .
 al jazeera journalist greste leaves 'brothers ' behind <sec> an australian journalist is released after more than a year in egyptian prison .  al jazeera correspondent was convicted , alongside two colleagues , of supporting the banned muslim brotherhood .  peter greste says he felt a `` real mix of emotions '' upon his releas .
