 ammunition fired at bagram kills 3 afghan troops , nato says <sec> two isaf service members are wounded in the incident .  a helicopter is hit after rounds are fired into the airfield .  isaf has begun an investigation into what happene .
 opinion : 't is merry being jewish at christmas <sec> jeff pearlman lived in a town with few jews , and had to sing in the school 's holiday concert .  the christmas carols evoked either christ or the virgin mary or christ and the virgin mary .  `` jeffie '' complained to his teacher and dad that christmas and concert were n't fair .  his dad said enjoy it , take in the lights , and be happy you do n't have to experience the anxiet .
 army to implement new mental health screening procedures <sec> the pentagon will report on army suicide rates for 2010 wednesday .  a study found pre-deployment screenings cut down on problems later .  the soldier and unit both benefit from the screening .
 in brazil , 1 dead in hotel shootout <sec> new : police identify shooting victim .  the confrontation started outside a luxury hotel in rio .  more than three dozen people were briefly taken hostage .  four police officers were injure .
 women : alzheimer 's more likely than breast cancer <sec> women over 60 have a 1 in 6 chance of getting alzheimer 's disease .  60 % of alzheimer 's caregivers are women , according to new report .  the cost of alzheimer 's care is estimated at $ 214 billion this year alon .
 shiite pilgrims make their way to iraqi holy city amid tight security <sec> new : two pilgrims killed and many injured in attacks thursday .  thousands of shiite pilgrims are making their way to karbala to mark arbaeen .  scores of pilgrims have been killed in attacks blamed on sunni extremists .  iraqi security forces have sealed roads around karbal .
 legalizing unauthorized immigrants would help economy , study says <sec> 2 policy institutes look at the more than 11 million unauthorized immigrants in u.s . .  report : legalization of current population would boost wages , consumption , jobs , tax revenue .  institutes estimate $ 1.5 trillion boost in u.s. gross domestic product over 10 years .  but other groups say unfettered immigration harms u.s. , so entry into nation must be limite .
 willett secures maiden win after dramatic sudden death playoff in germany <sec> danny willett wins bmw international open in cologne after sudden death playoff .  maiden european tour victory for 24-year-old englishman .  brian davis and roland thatcher hold lead after three rounds of travelers championship .  melissa reid scores emotional win in prague masters on ladies european tou .
 most power restored after india hit by second , even larger outage <sec> travelers tell of disrupted journeys .  power is largely restored in new delhi , northern and northeastern india .  tuesday 's blackout deprived as much as half the country of 1.2 billion people of power .  monsoon rains are down , leading to higher energy demand amid high humidit .
 john travolta on his idina menzel oscars flub : let it go ! <sec> travolta introduced idina menzel as `` adele dazeem '' .  `` i 've been beating myself up all day , '' travolta says .  blunder prompted online joking about `` travoltified '' name .
 ministry : at least 10 killed in car bombing at libyan military base <sec> the blast occurred as new graduates left a technical school at the base , news agency says .  the benghazi bombing also injured 23 people , the libyan health ministry says .  but news agency says at least seven soldiers were killed and nine people wounded .  benghazi is where the 2011 uprising against longtime dictator moammar gadhafi bega .
 player : 'mcilroy is world 's best young golfer ' <sec> gary player tells cnn that 20-year-old rory mcilroy `` has the world at his feet '' .  mcilroy raised eyebrows with decision last year to commit to the rival u.s. tour .  mcilroy said he already feels at home on the other side of the atlanti .
 china 's first lunar probe to land on the moon this weekend <sec> a chinese spacecraft , chang'e-3 , is due to land on the moon this weekend .  chang'e-3 will release a moon rover to collect soil samples and study the lunar surface .  the solar-powered robot contains a telescope and ultraviolet camera .  china is one of three countries to make a soft-landing on the moo .
 presidential historian accused of stealing maryland museum documents <sec> police : barry h. landau and jason savedoff had millions of dollars worth of documents .  pieces include documents signed by abraham lincoln and inaugural ball invitations .  landau is the author of `` the president 's table : two hundred years of dining and diplomacy '' .  landau has told cnn he has collected more than a million presidential object .
 'mona lisa ' model to be revealed by crypt ? <sec> remains of relatives of the woman believed to be the `` mona lisa '' model have been found .  researchers plan to check their dna against the dna of a skeleton found at her burial site .  if there is a match , they will reconstruct the skeleton 's face and compare it to the portrai .
 will parties keep hope live for immigrant children ? <sec> latino legislators met recently to seek progress on status of `` dream'ers '' .  ruben navarrette says it 's encouraging that they 're talking about a compromise .  he asks : will political parties let that happen , or kill it to preserve a campaign issue ? .  navarrette : marco rubio 's proposal is n't perfect but it does show progres .
 geeks ' most beloved holiday classics <sec> nerdy holiday favorites star pac-man , pee-wee and chewbacca .  rankin-bass , known for its holiday specials , also adapted `` the hobbit '' .  even a grumpy villain like skeletor can enjoy the spirit of christma .
 child killer duncan faces charges in another slaying <sec> joseph duncan committed his first sexual offense at the age of 12 .  he was sentenced to death last august for the murder a 9-year-old boy .  duncan could be sentenced to death a second time if convicted agai .
 columbia professors get images of swastikas , noose in mail <sec> three professors , one former one at columbia university receive hate mail this week .  jewish psychologist at teachers college among those receiving swastika .  in 2007 , same psychologist 's office door was spray-painted with a swastika .  nypd hate crimes unit is leading investigation ; no arrests mad .
 iraqi orphans : 'why do these people kill other people ? ' <sec> al noor children 's center in baghdad 's sadr city helps with food , clothing and education .  they come from families where the breadwinner has been lost to violence .  center 's director : `` i feel like i am falling short of what i need to do .
 how do you solve a problem like maria ? do n't ask wozniacki <sec> maria sharapova won the women 's singles title at indian wells .  world no.3 defeated caroline wozniacki in straight sets .  sharapova last won title at indian wells back in 2006 .  rafael nadal to face juan martin del potro in men 's fina .
 race to the record books intensifies <sec> kite boarder alexandre caizergues , of france , holds the world sailing speed record .  the world sailing speed record council oversees and ratifies record attempts .  the wssrc had about 50 formal applications for record attempts in 200 .
 the southern snow was round one ; here comes ice , the heavyweight <sec> ice adds much more weight to branches and power lines .  a 1998 ice storm in northern new england caused over a billion dollars in damage .  `` if you get even a 10th of an inch of ice on a road , it 's like a skating rink , '' an official says .  after the ice melts , drivers then must contend with pothole .
 father of new york terror suspect disputes charges <sec> juan jose pimentel says his son was n't involved in terrorism .  father : jose pimentel became depressed after he and his wife separated .  he `` was never a fanatic , '' the father says , describing his son 's muslim faith .  the 27-year-old is accused of plotting bomb attacks in new yor .
 taliban suicide bombers target afghanistan spy agency <sec> ghazni is the regional security headquarters for afghanistan 's spy agency .  the taliban claims responsibility for the attack .  19 suicide bombers took part .  21 people died , including all the attackers , and more than 150 were injure .
 prank call radio station to donate funds to nurse 's family <sec> hospital chairman says its memorial fund would welcome a donation from 2dayfm .  2day fm says its profits up to the end of the year will go to a fund for saldanha 's family .  jacitnha saldanha apparently committed suicide after being duped by a prank call by djs .  the radio station has faced heavy criticism over its decision to broadcast the cal .
 cdc reports detail lapses in deadly flu cross-contamination <sec> cdc lab workers unintentionally mixed non-dangerous flu strain with h5n1 .  reports : contamination happened because scientists failed to follow `` best practices '' .  cdc director found out about cross-contamination several weeks after it happene .
 hoey holds off mcilroy to win dunhill <sec> northern ireland 's michael hoey wins alfred dunhill championship at st andrews .  hoey cards a final round 68 to leave u.s. open champion rory mcilroy two shots adrift .  mcilroy shoots a 65 at the home of golf but hoey keeps his nerve for third tour title .  graeme mcdowell in a tie for third as northern ireland players dominate tournamen .
 facebook users wage condom campaign against pope <sec> facebook users plan to send condoms to pope benedict xvi .  pope benedict xvi recently said condoms are not the answer to stop hiv/aids .  vatican has long opposed use of condoms , other forms of birth contro .
 iraq takes over billions in oil revenue set aside by u.n . <sec> iraq takes control of a fund established by the u.n. following the invasion .  the development for iraq fund contains billions of dollars .  the money is to be used to build up the country 's economy .  the u.n. resolution that established the fund requires some of the money go to kuwai .
 opinion : cartoons that scare syria 's leader <sec> syrian political cartoonist details 2011 attack in which his hands were broken .  john sutter : ali ferzat 's story offers hope for the syrian revolution .  he says meeting ferzat is the 'human-rights-nerd version of a basketball fan meeting lebron ' .  sutter : 'ferzat 's hands are some of the most feared objects in syria .
 why did colorado shooting suspect avoid social media ? <sec> james holmes , the colorado shooting suspect , has no social media presence .  psychologists say it could suggest isolation , resentment toward society .  81 % of 18- to 29-year-olds are on social networking sites , pew says .  others with the same name are being harassed on faceboo .
 'littlest refusenik ' on kennedy : 'he saved my life ' <sec> jessica katz was born with nutritional deficiency that stopped her from growing .  the katzes were among many soviet jews denied permission to leave country .  senator kennedy traveled to soviet union , urged brezhnev to let katzes leave .  in u.s. , kennedy helped boris katz get a job and remained in touch with famil .
 march madness mayhem : workplace help or hindrance ? <sec> as march madness begins , office pools and basketball become part of workday .  one company says employers stand to lose $ 1.8 billion this week due to distractions .  psychologist says shared ritual boosts sense of belonging in workplace .  positive cohesion comes for free , and employer wins , psychologist add .
 u.n. security council seeks detailed mali military intervention plan <sec> u.n. security council gives regional leaders 45 days to provide a deployment plan .  the unanimous resolution speeds up preparations for a possible intervention .  it comes amid grim reports of human rights violations in the nort .
 courting couple seal perfect love match <sec> martin emmrich proposed to his girlfriend on court at dutch tournament .  michaella krajicek was able to make a new memory at venue where she had suffered in past .  the couple are partners in mixed doubles competition .
 hawaii may become 1st state to raise smoking age to 21 <sec> hawaii 's legislature passes a bill raising the legal age for buying tobacco to 21 .  the bill is now before gov . .  david ige , whose signature would make it law .  most states allow tobacco sales to anyone 18 and olde .
 inquiry launched after new cricket scandal claims <sec> the international cricket council has launched an investigation .  a newspaper reported new betting claims against the pakistan national team .  the paper says bookies knew in advance about scoring pattern .
 tunisia museum attack : at least 19 killed , 3 at large <sec> 17 tourists are killed in an attack at a museum in tunisia 's capital .  three gunmen remain on the loose , tunisia 's prime minister says .  an interior ministry spokesman calls the attackers islamists ; no one has claimed responsibilit .
 child actress , 14 , among victims of nepal crash <sec> taruni 's mother also died in the crash .  the plane crashed monday , killing 15 of 21 on board .  taruni shot to fame after starring alongside superstar amitabh bachcha .
 police leave minorities black and blue ( opinion ) <sec> beyond high-profile cases like that in ferguson , there 's ongoing tension between cops , minorities .  filmmakers say new yorkers still distrust cops even after stop and frisk lawsuit .  they say decision to stop small-scale marijuana arrests will help but it 's not enough .  `` broken windows '' theory of policing leads to inequities in enforcement , they sa .
 review : 'adventureland ' a wonderful ride <sec> `` adventureland '' is about a young man spending a summer in a crummy carnival .  tom charity : film pays attention to teen movie clichés but goes much deeper .  director greg mottola cares about characters , making movie richer , charity say .
 'breaking bad ' contest winner arrested on drug charges <sec> ryan lee carroll won a contest to meet the `` breaking bad '' cast .  he was taken into custody on tuesday .  neighbors said the arrest was like a scene out of hollywoo .
 ethical hackers battle to prevent 'information security apocalypse ' <sec> information security professionals working to beat hackers .  conference in london demonstrated threats and solutions .  mobile devices , bank accounts and website all vulnerable .  people need to be aware of risks before taking action , suggests expert .
 south carolina student arrested , accused of having weapons in car <sec> easley high school junior , 17 , charged with possession of firearm on school property .  school staff found revolver , knives , axes in vehicle outside school , police say .  police : student says weapons were for hunting , and he forgot to take them out .  school district says there was no indication of a threat to the schoo .
 despite bloody weekend , chicago 's murder rate is down , police chief says <sec> more than 40 people were shot over easter weekend in chicago .  nevertheless , the city 's homicide rate is trending downward , police chief says .  `` a week does n't wipe out two years of progress , '' says police supt . .  garry mccarthy .  mccarthy is pushing for stricter gun law .
 50-ft 'dragon ' dinosaur unearthed by chinese farmers <sec> a 50-foot long skeleton may reveal a new species of long-necked dinosaur .  neck of the qijianglong spans half of its body length .  unearthed in 2006 by local farmers , the bones are said to date back to the late jurassic perio .
 ukraine 's president calls efforts to push him from office a 'coup ' <sec> russia 's u.n. ambassador says the west does n't understand what 's at stake .  president viktor yanukovych stopped at airport , a security official says .  yanukovych calls action a `` coup , '' says `` i am the legitimate president '' .  opposition leader yulia tymoshenko has been released from priso .
 halle berry 's 'extant ' : should you watch ? <sec> halle berry returns to tv in cbs ' `` extant '' .  the actress says the lines between movies and tv are blurring .  most critics have been intrigued by the premiere episod .
 lil wayne returns to the stage with drake <sec> wearing a black hat , black jeans and no shirt , lil wayne ran onstage to a sea of fans .  `` swear to god ai n't nothing , nothing , nothing like home , '' the rapper said .  lil wayne is reportedly now headed to miami for a giant homecoming part .
 'starchitect ' david adjaye on his favorite buildings <sec> david adjaye is an architect born in tanzania .  although he lives and works in london , he says africa remains a source of inspiration .  he has recently designed buildings in the uk , italy and the united state .
 cancer cancels beastie boys ' tour , postpones album <sec> beastie boys member adam `` mca '' yauch has cancerous tumor .  band postponing tour , delaying release of next album while he gets treated .  yauch : tumor `` only localized in this one area .
 massive winter storm blitzes u.s. from southwest eastward <sec> new : frigid precipitation stretches from plains to eastern seaboard .  new : most of the lower 48 states affected by severe weather advisories .  new : tornado watches up in florida panhandle , south georgia and alabama .  new : section of roof blows away at chicago 's wrigley fiel .
 u.s. , russia announce nuke talks ; obama plans to visit china <sec> nuclear talks announcement with russia comes ahead of g-20 summit .  joint statement : `` new agreement will mutually enhance security of the parties '' .  presidential meeting also aimed to set up u.s.-russian summit in moscow .  white house : obama will visit china and `` resume the human rights dialogue .
 america 's best flea markets <sec> antique treasure-hunting draws shoppers from around the world to american flea markets .  traders and merchants have been swapping goods in canton , texas , since 1850 .  springfield antique show & flea market in ohio draws more than 20,000 shopper .
 alabama files suit against bp , transocean <sec> alabama attorney general files suit against bp and transocean .  bp wo n't comment on lawsuit .  attorney general : bp hiring expert witnesses so they wo n't be able to testify against firm .  he says bp is working on a report to argue it was n't grossly negligent to limit its liabilit .
 real madrid into spanish cup quarters <sec> real madrid go through to the quarterfinals of the spanish cup .  holders progress 4-2 on aggregate after beating malaga 1-0 away .  lazio reach the quarterfinals of the italian cup after beating hellas verona 3-2 .  marseille reach the semifinal of the french league cup beating caen 3- .
 mexico : drug lord 's father-in-law arrested <sec> new : marijuana and weapons are seized during the arrest .  ines coronel barreras is arrested on drug-related charges .  he is the father-in-law of sinaloa cartel leader `` el chapo '' guzman .  authorities say no shots were fired during his arres .
 commentary : ted kennedy 's causes resonate with youth <sec> erica williams says , `` kennedy embodied core values of my generation '' .  williams notes kennedy 's work to lower voting age to 18 , pass pell grants .  current generation identified with and appreciated kennedy 's work , she say .
 girls beat up iran cleric over dress code <sec> two girls beat up a cleric on his way to noon prayers , news agency says .  he asked one of them to cover herself to comply with islamic hijab .  the girl told him to cover his eyes , he said .  the cleric was hospitalized for three day .
 is barack obama too cool to be president ? <sec> a karl rove-led super pac ran ad saying obama is `` cool '' but ineffective .  dean obeidallah says he thought being cool was a good thing .  he says rove 's group realizes mitt romney is `` cool-challenged '' .  obeidallah : the ad seeks to convert an obama positive into a negativ .
 budget deal aims to avert another shutdown <sec> bipartisan budget negotiations were spawned by october shutdown .  house/senate negotiations have been ongoing for two months , faced friday deadline .  deal would avert shutdown in mid-january if approved by congress .  new : agreement would relieve some forced spending cuts known as sequeste .
 capturing clear sight <sec> jennifer introduces michael nedelman , a volunteer for unite for sight in india .  michael led a program giving cameras to patients after cataract removal .  the photos show what is important to people who have had their sight restore .
 ukraine ceasefire takes hold as tensions rise over gas <sec> osce mission chief in ukraine cites reduction in combat , signs of heavy weapons withdrawal .  under a peace deal , both sides must draw back heavy weapons to create a buffer zone .  a dispute over natural gas supply has flared between russia and ukrain .
