 dalai lama : world belongs to 'humanity , ' not leaders <sec> new : he says the string of self-immolations by tibetans is `` extremely sad '' .  the exiled tibetan leader calls for an end to censorship in china .  `` each country belongs essentially to their own people , '' the dalai lama says .  he says he does n't listen to music , watch movies , drink or take drug .
 meet the conservative who supports state-funded health care <sec> david cameron is credited with reviving the center-right opposition conservatives .  he is uk 's new prime minister after the closest election in more than three decades .  cameron attended top school eton and oxford university , previously worked in pr .  commentators see comparisons with tony blair in cameron 's leadership styl .
 south sudan gains control of town where ethnic tensions flared , official says <sec> new : at least 50,000 people are said to have fled from the violence in jonglei .  information minister : some of the thousands who fled have started to return to pibor .  earlier , an official said roughly 4,000 reinforcements were being sent to pibor .  the town had been under attack by fighters from a rival trib .
 protests continue in afghanistan against quran burning <sec> the protests go off without incident .  some other demonstrations have turned deadly .  they have been sparked by a florida pastor 's burning of the muslim holy boo .
 maybe immigration reform is n't dead after all - cnnpolitics.com <sec> immigration reform could get a second life under the threat of executive action .  president barack obama has suggested he might act to curb deportations .  some republicans backing reform worry the president will act by late summer .  the next few months offer a narrow window for the gop to sidestep executive actio .
 bahrain grand prix canceled due to ongoing civil unrest <sec> the bahrain grand prix has been canceled .  opening race of the formula one season was due to take place on march 13 .  it is called off due to ongoing political unrest in the gulf kingdom .  the season will now begin in melbourne , australia on march 2 .
 73-year-old becomes oldest woman to climb mount everest <sec> tamae watanabe also climbed the mountain in 2002 when she was 63 .  the oldest person to climb the everest was 76 .  the youngest person was a 13-year-old america .
 gop senators push for term limits <sec> there are no term limits for federal lawmakers .  some gop lawmakers want to limit terms to 12 years in the senate ; 6 years in the house .  two-thirds of the house and senate would need to approve the amendment .  similar proposal failed 14 years ag .
 u.s. hikers who were held in iran marry in california <sec> sarah shourd and shane bauer married saturday near the ocean .  they , along with josh fattal , were arrested after straying across the border in 2009 .  bauer proposed during their time in prison .  shourd was released in 2010 , and bauer and fattal were freed last yea .
 plane crash in haiti kills 11 , u.n. says <sec> new : all 11 people aboard u.n. plane killed in haiti crash , spokeswoman says .  new : military personnel aboard plane were from uruguay and jordan .  new : the casa c-212 plane crashed into a mountainside .  plane was conducting routine surveillance near dominican republi .
 u.s.-taliban deal could threaten women 's rights , advocate says <sec> suraya pakzad and other afghan women 's rights advocates visit washington .  they 're urging the u.s. to be careful in making any deal with taliban moderates .  pakzad says a u.s.-taliban deal could threaten afghan women 's hard-won rights .  `` it makes me scared '' that taliban might regain strength , pakzad say .
 rory mcilroy wins pga championship after dramatic final <sec> rory mcilroy wins pga championship at valhalla .  second straight major for world number one .  has to withstand challenge from u.s. pair mickelson and fowler .  tournament finishes in gloom after rain dela .
 american convicted of murdering irish student in japan <sec> new : the victim 's sister says she does n't feel the family got justice .  a tokyo court finds that richard hinds strangled nicola furlong .  it rejected the defense 's claim that she died from alcohol poisoning .  hinds , 19 , is sentenced to up to 10 years in prison , the maximum for a juvenil .
 norway police face questions over attacks response <sec> some reporters question the speed of the police response .  police officials are defending their decisions .  the bomb blast in oslo left 8 dead .  68 were killed on utoy .
 u.s. government shuts down as congress ca n't agree on spending bill <sec> new : the house is expected to vote again overnight , including on appointing house negotiators .  `` we will not go to conference with a gun to our head , '' says sen. harry reid .  obama says troops will get paid on time , but civilians may get more furloughs .  conservatives wanted to undermine obamacare before its private exchanges take effect tuesda .
 sweden 's art minister takes heat over 'racist ' cake <sec> sweden 's culture minister cut a cake shaped like an african woman at a weekend exhibit .  a group representing african swedes has called for her resignation .  the minister says the cake was designed as a statement against racis .
 `` anchored '' putting method to be banned from 2016 <sec> `` anchored '' putting method to be banned by golf 's rule makers .  three of the last five majors have been won by players using `` belly '' putters .  the r & a and usga announce changes in joint statement .  threat of legal action over the proposed change .
 psychological association calls for legalization of same-sex marriage <sec> american psychological association declares support for `` full marriage equality '' .  apa : studies show same-sex spouses have `` sense of security , support and validation '' .  traditional marriage advocacy group 's chair says there 's `` no evidence '' for finding .
 nyc heroin pamphlet -- is it a help or a how-to guide ? <sec> 16-page pamphlet under fire for being a `` how-to '' guide for drug use .  new york city health department published brochure in 2007 .  councilman : money should be spent to curb use , `` not teach first-timers how to use '' .  bloomberg says drug use is n't smart , but city has duty to help make things as safe as possibl .
 feds take evidence related to zimmerman trial , including gun <sec> the justice department is considering whether to pursue a civil rights case .  george zimmerman was acquitted in last year 's shooting death of trayvon martin .  civil rights groups have demanded federal charges against zimmerman .
 roger federer wins first singles match since shock u.s. open defeat <sec> roger federer wins his first singles match since the u.s. open by beating andreas seppi .  federer defeats seppi 6-4 6-3 in shanghai to boost his record to 10-0 against the italian .  federer needs victories because he has n't qualified for the world tour finals .  wimbledon champion andy murray withdraws from the year-end championship .
 louisiana residents evacuate as spillway fills lowlands <sec> new : 15 of 125 morganza spillway gates are now open .  residents scramble to protect homes in the atchafalaya basin .  areas of louisiana lowlands are being flooded to spare new orleans and baton rouge .  `` we just moved in here , now we 're ... moving everything out , resident say .
 mixed reports over whether al qaeda american arrested in pakistan <sec> on monday , pakistani military official said foreign operative linked to al qaeda arrested .  official did n't describe man as american , gave no further details .  on sunday , officials from pakistan government said adam gadahn had been arrested .  u.s. officials : reports that gadahn is in custody do n't seem valid , are a `` real head scratcher .
 retro femmes fatales take over paris racetracks <sec> photographer transforms racetrack into eerie retro time warp .  images win competition exploring gambling , exhibited in paris .  racetrack is ideal scene for drama , inspires artists for centuries .  without horses and people , the track takes on an spooky qualit .
 lakers thrash celtics to take nba finals into deciding game <sec> los angeles lakers beat the boston celtics 89-67 to level the nba finals at 3-3 .  boston , seeking record 18th title , recorded their lowest-ever score in a finals game .  celtics player kendrick perkins had to sit out the game after injuring his knee in first quarter .  kobe bryant scored a team-high 26 points for the lakers ahead of game seven on thursda .
 highlight your facebook posts -- for a price <sec> facebook users can pay to have their posts highlighted in friends ' feeds .  promoting a post costs $ 7 , according to the verge .  businesses have already been able to promote posts for a fe .
 above ground and safe , ethan turns 6 <sec> new : sheriff says boy had 'large time ' on his birthday .  online campaign raises money to send family to disney world .  well-wishers sign oversized card for ethan , who turns 6 wednesday .  two bombs are found in kidnapper 's bunker , fbi say .
 india says 2 soldiers killed in clash with pakistani troops in kashmir <sec> india says two of its soldiers were killed in a firefight with pakistani troops .  the clash occurred in the disputed kashmir region .  pakistan 's military denies india 's claim that pakistani troops crossed the line of control .  at least one pakistani soldier died in another clash sunda .
 box office report : 'the purge ' takes top spot with $ 36.4 million <sec> `` the purge '' surged into the top box office spot this weekend .  `` fast & furious 6 '' held strong in second place .  `` now you see me '' came in third , while `` the internship '' opened in fourth plac .
 in his hometown , mao a source of pride <sec> mao zedong 's birth town of shaoshan is about 100 km from changsha .  almost 3 million people a year make the pilgrimage to the former leader 's home .  landmarks include his family residence and the museum of comrade mao .  visitors are in awe of mao , though his mistakes are rarely mentioned in display .
 top sumo wrestler fired over gambling <sec> kotomitsuki was found to have gambled on professional baseball .  he becomes the first active `` ozeki '' to be fired , kyodo news reports .  a council of high-ranking sumo officials to decide on expulsion , kyodo news reports .  nagoya grand sumo tournament to go on as planned this mont .
 homegrown terror is n't just islamist <sec> risa brooks says foiled ohio bombing plot reminder of diversity of u.s. terror .  she says nowadays americans mistakenly associate homegrown terror just with jihad .  she says a 1999-2009 study found most plots white supremacist , anti-government .  brooks : it 's crucial to focus efforts on extremists of all kinds , not just islamis .
 peter o'toole , wayward genius <sec> irish-born screen and stage actor peter o'toole died sunday at the age of 81 .  o'toole was best known for his title role in the 1962 film `` lawrence of arabia '' .  richard fitzwilliams says o'toole led a life that was rich in drama and eccentricity .  the talented actor 's hellraising lifestyle limited his success , fitzwilliams say .
 va controversy : white house aide heading to phoenix <sec> new : investigation expands to 26 va facilities .  the white house defends president obama 's record on veterans affairs .  internal va memo from 2010 complains of `` unacceptable '' practices .  legislators criticize va response to subpoen .
 100th tibetan self-immolates in china , advocacy groups say <sec> new : the tibetan man who set himself on fire in nepal has died , police say .  the 100th tibetan to self-immolate inside china is a former monk , free tibet says .  he set himself on fire on february 3 , but it took time for news of the act to emerge .  dozens of tibetans have self-immolated in recent years to protest chinese rul .
 murdoch 's shameful slam of 'jewish-owned ' press <sec> howard kurtz : rupert murdoch tweeted asking why jewish owned press is anti-israel .  he says suggesting jews have hidden agenda , where religion trumps journalism , is offensive .  kurtz : it 's hypocritical from man who controls fox news , wsj , ny post , other news organs .  kurtz : `` apology ' tweet cryptic ; murdoch 's slam of reporters ' 'biased ' coverage gives no proo .
 woman accused of using cruise line job for burglaries <sec> former royal caribbean worker charged in 24 burglaries .  police say she used her position to access vacation information .  burglaries took place on first night of cruises , authorities sa .
 opinion : haunting lesson of nazi olympics <sec> two jewish sprinters from u.s. kept from running in nazi germany in 1936 olympics .  lz granderson : the 2014 olympics taking place in russia with its extreme anti-gay laws .  in russia , lgbt teens reportedly being kidnapped , bullied , even killed , he says .  all of congress should sign letter for russia to ensure lgbt americans ' safety , he say .
 kjetil jansrud triumphs in super-g as bode miller gets historic bronze <sec> kjetil jansrud wins men 's super-g gold medal .  bode miller oldest man to win olympic skiing medal as he takes bronze .  dutch continue dominance of speed skating events .  first gold medal for czech republic in supercros .
 france 24 files complaint over its own syria story <sec> syria 's ambassador denies having made call to france 24 saying she was resigning .  france 24 alleges identity theft and impersonation related to the interview .  france 24 commissioned an analysis that shows the two voices are different .  resignation was also reported by reuters , which cited syrian embassy as its sourc .
 burned florida teen out of hospital <sec> michael brewer , 15 , allegedly set on fire by other teens , faces more surgery .  he and his family are not returning home , but to an undisclosed location .  brewers mother plans to speak to reporters on wednesda .
 sculptor 's crack baffles art world <sec> work by colombian sculptor at london 's tate modern is crack in concrete floor .  doris salcedo refuses to reveal how she created the huge work of art .  `` shibboleth '' represents gap between white europeans and the rest of humanit .
 yankees ' derek jeter fractures ankle , out for the year <sec> jeter was injured during a game against the detroit tigers .  he was fielding a ground ball and went down in pain , staying face down momentarily .  jeter `` will not be playing anymore for us this year , '' the yankees manager say .
 maoist attack on indian political motorcade kills 24 , hurts 33 <sec> maoist rebels detonate a land mine , open fire on a political motorcade .  among the 24 killed is the founder of an anti-maoist tribal militia , eight police officers .  most people in the convoy were from india 's ruling congress party .  prime minister manmohan singh visits the injured , vows to find culprit .
 source of iraq wmd intelligence tells his story <sec> cnn speaks to rafid alwan , code named `` curveball '' .  alwan 's claims that iraq had wmd were used to support u.s. invasion .  alwan came to germany in 1999 seeking asylu .
 negotiating with iran : do n't make same mistake twice <sec> cathy mcmorris rodgers : obama administration let syria get away with continued chemical weapons capability .  she says the iran nuclear talks have the u.s. heading down the same dangerous roa .
 in the mood for a laid-back escape ? <sec> five ideas if you 're in the mood for an easygoing vacation .  get off the grid on the coast in california or hide out in the woods in arizona .  or , retreat to a solar-powered village away from the resorts in hawai .
 plane carrying laotian government officials crashes near vietnam <sec> the crash occurred in a province in the north , near vietnam .  thai military official : 18 people were on board , including the laotian defense minister .  the group was traveling to take part in the memorial celebratio .
 like life , cockfighting in cuba is a gray area <sec> visit to cockfighting ring on the edge of havana is a study in contradictions .  government forbids it and gambling -- well , maybe .  bird owner : it 's part technique , and part luc .
 paul walker '' s brothers help finish 'fast & furious 7 ' action scenes <sec> `` caleb and cody are helping us complete some remaining action , '' producers say .  `` having them on set has made us all feel that paul is with us , too , '' note to fans says .  walker 's death last november forced a halt to production .  the movie was to have been released this summer , but was pushed to april 201 .
 jameis winston , accuser had consensual sex , quarterback 's lawyer says <sec> new : dna from accuser 's clothes matches that of jameis winston , lawyer confirms .  new : he says his client had consensual sex with the woman , a fellow student .  new : former police chief says he was unaware of the case during his last 10 months at the position .  new : accuser 's attorney said they did n't want this case to go publi .
 'metal gear ' creator 's next move : an open-ended game <sec> `` metal gear '' creator hideo kojima is working on a less cinematic game .  his games are praised for being like movies but criticized for their rigidness .  screenshots show a war game set in a sandy , mountainous regio .
 russia blames uk for diplomatic spat <sec> london expels a russian diplomat on suspicion of spying .  russia expels a british embassy staffer in response .  london says the russian embassy staffer was working `` against uk interests .
 baby lily rescue captured on body-cam video <sec> `` come on , sweetie . .  come on , sweetie , '' police officer implores rescued toddler .  baby lily was trapped in the car in the cold river for as long as 14 hours .  lily 's mother , lynn jennifer groesbeck , died in the cras .
 discover the world 's most visited museums <sec> the louvre had more than 9.5 million visitors last year .  half of the list 's museums are in europe .  washington is home to four of the list 's six u.s.-based museums .  china expects museum attendance to reach 1 billion by 202 .
 federer seals djokovic semifinal clash in paris <sec> roger federer earns semifinal clash against novak djokovic at french open .  federer beats home favorite gael monfils in straight sets while djokovic had bye .  andy murray beats victor troicki to reach last eight at roland garro .
 ashton carter emerges as expected hagel replacement - cnnpolitics.com <sec> sources said tuesday that dhs secretary jeh johnson is no longer considered .  the white house has struggled to find a successor for chuck hagel as defense secretary .  the new frontrunner is ashton carter , a former pentagon official with years of dod experienc .
 'overweight ' flight attendants fight back <sec> thai airways international imposed weight restrictions on its 6,000 flight attendants .  41 flight attendants did n't meet the airline 's body mass index and waistline controls .  those flight attendants will now serve on domestic and same-day-return flight .
 is north korea 's new number two a routine reappointment ? <sec> north korean state media names hwang pyong-so as influential military figure .  hwang apparently replaces choe ryong-hae , who may have fallen out of favor .  north korean watchers do n't think choe will suffer same fate as kim 's uncl .
 hillary clinton , sarah palin enter the world of comic books <sec> a comic book series featuring real women of power has hit the stands .  bluewater productions series features `` strong , independent women '' .  sarah palin , hillary clinton are featured in the first female force .  heroes of upcoming issue are michelle obama , caroline kenned .
 google awaiting court order before changing argentina search engine <sec> google has not yet received official notice of the injunction .  an organization representing the jewish community requested an injunction .  a judge granted the request this week .  it affects certain results and websites that have been deemed anti-semiti .
 u.n. security council to meet on syria as deaths mount <sec> new : syrian tv denies reports of shelling in homs .  `` this is n't a game ... .  this is actually going on , '' says an activist .  217 people are killed , an opposition group says .  the security council meeting will likely include a vote on a draft resolutio .
 history shows u.s. inquiry could help defuse trayvon martin case <sec> state prosecutors have not brought charges in shooting death of trayvon martin .  nicolaus mills says the news that the federal government will investigate is welcome .  he says in 1964 , the civil rights division was able to obtain convictions in three killings .  mills : the current federal investigation could help establish facts , defuse tension .
 initial report : palestinian teens fatally shot presented no threat , u.n. says <sec> the boys ' relatives blame the israeli military for the killings .  the israeli military says it fired no live rounds during the protests .  `` the killings may amount to extrajudicial executions under human rights law , '' the u.n. says .  it calls for a prompt , independent , impartial and transparent prob .
