 treason in senators ' iran letter ? no , it 's just politics <sec> timothy stanley : gop senators ' letter to iranian leaders seems extraordinary .  but undermining a president 's foreign policy is not at all unique , stanley says .  he says both left , right have gone around administrations to deal with foreign leader .
 attackers kill 4 polio workers in pakistan <sec> attackers open fire on polio vaccination team in eastern quetta , police say .  two polio workers die in attack , two others die later at the hospital .  there was no immediate claim of responsibility .  official : `` we will not bow down before terrorists .
 syria conflict : kicking for hope in zaatari refugee camp <sec> as many as 150.000 people living in zaatari refugee camp .  star for the jordanian women 's national team abeer rantisi is coaching in the camp .  rantisi says coaching helps to build refugeesl ' confidence .  camp costs $ 1.6 billion a year to ru .
 'girl meets world ' to premiere in june <sec> the disney channel 's `` girl meets world '' will premiere june 27 .  the series is a spinoff of abc 's `` boy meets world '' .  it will focus on the tween daughter of `` boy meets world 's '' star character .
 opinion : nuclear deterrence could restrain n. korea , iran <sec> barry blechman : u.s. never attacked another nation to stop it from becoming a nuclear power .  blechman : why does it seem that the u.s. has a different strategy toward north korea and iran ? .  he says if deterrence theory worked in the cold war .  bleckman : iran 's and north korea 's supreme leaders will be deterred , just like the soviet leader .
 conrad murray sentenced to four years behind bars <sec> dr. murray 's release date is projected for late 2013 , the sheriff 's spokesman says .  `` we will grow up without a father , our best friend , our playmate and our dad , '' jackson 's children say .  murray gets the maximum sentence .  he was convicted three weeks ago in the death of pop singer michael jackso .
 not just j.k. rowling : best-selling female writers with male monikers <sec> j.k. rowling is the latest female writer to publish under a male pseudonym .  author carmela ciuraru says in some genres it 's easier to be taken seriously as man .  revealed after only three months , rowling wanted to keep the pseudonym under wrap .
 atlanta braves move to suburbs approved <sec> the atlanta braves will leave turner field in 2017 , moving to cobb county .  turner field needs major upgrades , team president says .  the team promises a `` magnificent '' new stadium will `` thrive '' all year lon .
 promoters consider moving coachella to new location , canceling 2014 event <sec> the coachella festival may be in a new location next year .  the desert sun reports organizers are upset over a proposed tax .  plans for coachella 2014 remain uncertai .
 derby day for queen on jubilee weekend <sec> the queen starts the jubilee weekend with a visit to the epsom derby .  a racing enthusiast , the queen has around 30 horses currently in training .  last time a derby winner was owned by a reigning monarch was in 190 .
 angelina jolie 's emotional acceptance speech at governors awards <sec> angelina jolie and other stars honored at the academy 's 2013 governors awards .  jolie received the jean hersholt humanitarian award .  steve martin , angela lansbury and costume designer piero tosi received honorary oscar .
 intelligence chiefs : privacy is respected <sec> nsa , fbi and cia chiefs speak at conference .  they discuss cybersecurity efforts , challenges .  private companies urged to safeguard infrastructur .
 pakistani army checkpoint blast kills 22 ; taliban claim responsibility <sec> new : pakistan 's prime minister nawaz sharif condemns attack , cancels davos trip .  new : main pakistani taliban faction claims responsibility , calls for fresh talks .  ttp spokesman : bombing was to avenge the death of a pakistani taliban commander .  the blast strikes a convoy of military and civilian vehicles , killing at least 22 peopl .
 password-storing service may have been hacked <sec> lastpass announced wednesday that it may have been hacked .  not all lastpass users are equally at risk , however .  lastpass noticed some anomalies in data traffic to and from its servers that it could n't explai .
 police : alleged cop killer sought in 3 other homicides <sec> new : all 5 homicides took place since suspect 's release from prison .  shooting suspect featured on billboards in florida , alabama , georgia .  reward for information leading to dontae morris ' arrest at $ 100,00 .
 cnn student news - december 18 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 disappearing into cultural los angeles <sec> though often disparaged , la is bursting with culture , from galleries to museums to historic landmarks .  the city 's museums and galleries are world-class , boasting contemporary , modern and classical art .  literary tours of the city are becoming popular , allowing visitors to walk in the footsteps of famous noir fiction characters .  no trip to la is complete without a visit to the legendary chateau and bar marmon .
 'junior ' gotti denied bail on racketeering , other charges <sec> new : `` junior '' gotti goes before a judge tuesday who orders him held without bail .  prosecutor : gambino crime family was `` trying to gain a foothold '' in tampa , florida .  john gotti is among six people indicted by a florida grand jury .  he faces federal charges , including racketeering , conspiracy to commit murde .
 this backpack was trash . now it 's a life-saving schoolbag for kids <sec> repurpose schoolbags is a green initiative from rethaka , a south africa-based startup .  thato kgatlhanye and rea ngwane founded the startup to create positive change .  their 100 % recycled plastic schoolbags double as a nightlight for schoolkids .  the bag features a solar panel that is charged during the walk to schoo .
 world cup walloped social-media records <sec> the world cup tournament shattered social-media records .  sunday 's germany-argentina final saw 618,000 tweets per minute .  tourney 's first week outpaced super bowl , oscars and olympics .  fifa says spike in u.s. popularity contributed to social dominanc .
 microsoft co-founder paul allen diagnosed with cancer <sec> allen diagnosed with non-hodgkin 's lymphoma .  diagnosis comes more than 25 years after he was treated for hodgkin 's lymphoma .  he has begun chemotherapy and is optimistic he can beat disease , sister says in mem .
 bombings , suicide attack rock eastern afghanistan ; taliban claim responsibility <sec> new : the tailban claims responsibility for three attacks in eastern afghanistan .  official : one person died after a car bomb targeted a national security building .  in a second attack , an explosive-laden minibus targeted a police checkpoint .  in a third attack , a suicide bomber detonated his vest at the gate of a police headquarter .
 mother of boxer hector 'macho ' camacho likely to decide son 's fate saturday <sec> mother of hector `` macho '' camacho says her son is n't alive .  she says she will make the final decision , likely on saturday .  camacho was shot in the face on tuesday , declared brain dea .
 daily discussion - april 29 , 2013 <sec> use these questions to help students understand today 's featured news stories .  today 's daily discussion includes the media literacy question of the da .
 police : seattle man 's hatred of u.s. foreign policy motivated killings <sec> ali muhammed brown , 29 , is facing state murder charges .  brown , of seattle , told police his `` mission was vengeance , '' document shows .  u.s. government was doing `` evil , '' brown allegedly said .  brown ha .
 4 indicted in alleged klan initiation slaying <sec> police say cynthia lynch of tulsa shot as she tried to leave kkk rite .  raymond `` chuck '' foster is reputed leader of klan group .  foster , his son , two others accused in indictment of second-degree murder .  `` they will be prosecuted to the max , '' spokesman for prosecutor sai .
 benzema on target as madrid beat mallorca <sec> real madrid back to winning ways with 1-0 win over mallorca .  benzema 's 61st minute strike sees jose mourinho 's side keep touch with leaders barcelona .  almeria win lifts them off bottom of table ; atletico madrid lose 1-0 to sporting gijo .
 ghana : keeping one of africa 's stars of democracy shining <sec> ghana gained independence from great britain in march 1957 ; formerly named gold coast .  nation 's first few decades were witness to internal political upheaval .  now the country is held up as a successful example of democracy in africa .  gold and cocoa are traditional exports ; 2007 off-shore oil discovery could boost econom .
 pakistani foreign minister 'disappointed ' over scientist 's sentence <sec> aafia siddiqui was sentenced to 86 years in prison .  she was convicted in february of attempting to kill americans .  pakistan 's foreign minister calls the sentence `` very harsh .
 francis ford coppola : the hollywood godfather <sec> master movie-maker francis ford coppola on his other love : winemaking .  how his `` day job '' has helped to revitalize his film career , plus latest film `` tetro '' .  coppola is still writing and directing at 70 : `` i 'm in an extremely interesting place '' .  cnn 's revealed talks exclusively to the director at his napa valley winer .
 unc ex-coach davis : i 'm a scapegoat in grades scandal <sec> butch davis was fired as head football coach at unc as academic scandal unfolded .  davis : `` i can tell you with ever fiber in me that i did not know about cheating '' .  davis said he does n't get enough credit for raising his players ' gpas , graduation rates .  critics say `` paper classes '' were part of the reason those gpas ros .
 unstoppable real madrid register record winning streak <sec> real madrid set new club record of 16 consecutive victories .  goals from karim benzema and gareth bale secure 2-1 win over malaga .  bayern munich and paris saint germain both win in busy day of european footbal .
 july becomes deadliest month for foreign troops in afghanistan <sec> soldier 's death in kandahar operations brings monthly international death toll to 47 .  previous monthly record for coalition forces was 46 in june and august 2008 .  news comes as british death toll in afghanistan surpasses number of dead in iraq .  death toll grows amid intense fighting in helmand province , a taliban stronghol .
 north korean leader gives brother-in-law top job <sec> north korean leader kim jong-il added his brother-in-law to a military board .  analysts say move paves the way for an heir to be named .  jang song thaek is considered to be kim 's right-hand ma .
 federal judge strikes down michigan 's gay marriage ban <sec> winning plaintiff says , `` this case is about the protection of our children '' .  federal judge : michigan state amendment barring gay marriage is unconstitutional .  michigan is the latest state in which a federal judge has taken action .  its attorney general files appeal to stay , overturn judge 's decisio .
 western wall likely completed later than previously believed <sec> coins found by archaeologists shed light on construction of one of judaism 's holiest sites .  king herod started the wall , but the new evidence indicates he died before it was finished .  until now , the wall was believed to have been completed during herod 's reig .
 obama seeks 'good , strong , healthy families ' <sec> cnn 's kate bolduan sits down with the president to talk about working families .  president obama and first lady michelle obama are hosting a summit on the issue .  the president wants to see paid parental leave and more flexibility for working parent .
 peak rush : paragliding the swiss alps <sec> paragliding adventures include james bond-style takeoff at schilthorn , where `` on her majesty 's secret service '' was filmed .  trick to staying in the air is to find and circle around air currents known as thermals .  licensed paragliders looking to up the adrenaline can try speed flying , an extreme combination of paragliding and skiin .
 rafael nadal <sec> rafael nadal into quarterfinals of australian open .  eugenie bouchard and maria sharapova to meet in women 's quarters .  nick krygios wins five-set thriller against andreas seppi .  australian hope will play andy murray in the last eigh .
 israeli pm netanyahu : no peace talks if abbas is backed by hamas <sec> netanyahu was never serious about peace talks , palestinian official says .  israeli pm benjamin netanyahu says israel wo n't take part in negotiations backed by hamas .  `` i call on president abbas : tear up your pact with hamas , '' netanyahu says .  netanyahu says he will `` seek other ways '' to achieve peace if necessar .
 weighing the latest facts on seafood safety , health benefits <sec> chief concerns are contaminants such as mercury , cancer-causing pcbs .  health benefits of salmon seen to outweigh the risk posed by minute pcb levels .  pregnant women should avoid high-mercury swordfish , shark , tilefish , king mackerel .  some experts say pregnant women also should limit tuna consumptio .
 digging out from $ 80,000 in debt <sec> two years ago , dawn warfield had $ 80,000 in debt on 17 credit cards .  the video store owner was facing a divorce and expanding her business .  she also admits that living beyond her means was part of the problem .  nonprofit counseling service is helping her get lower rates and pay off her debt .
 screams , tears as airline urges flight 370 relatives to return home <sec> new : submersible completes 27-hour search mission , starts next one .  malaysia airlines is closing relatives ' support centers , urging relatives to return home .  relatives wail , yell after being told to go home .  georesonance talks about its wreckage claim but wo n't give specifics on technolog .
 typhoon morakot lashes taiwan <sec> island gets more than 39 inches of rain ; 47 inches more possible .  airlines cancel flights ; schools , government offices , stock exchange closed .  more than 900 people evacuated from resort of nanji island off east chin .
 own goal of the season ? vergini 's volley in 8-0 defeat <sec> southampton thrashes sunderland 8-0 in the english premier league .  extraordinary own goal by santiago vergini starts the rout .  bayern munich hits werder bremen for six to top the bundesliga .  cristiano ronaldo double in real madrid 's 5-0 win over levant .
 lucky fans get news on jackson memorial tickets <sec> just before 5 p.m. ( 8 p.m . .  et ) , twitter erupted with messages of excitement .  each winner gets two tickets , bringing the number awarded in the lottery to 17,500 .  the odds of winning the tickets were long -- just one of every 182 were chosen .  police : no one will be allowed near memorial without tickets or media credential .
 coming clean about my first colonoscopy <sec> march is national colorectal cancer awareness month .  the lifetime risk of developing colorectal cancer is 1 in 20 .  adults should be screened for colorectal cancer starting at age 5 .
 afghan orphans embark on u.s. road trip <sec> a group of kids from an afghanistan orphanage have begun a u.s. road trip .  the 10-week visit to the u.s. is part fund-raising , part awareness building .  their teacher hopes it helps the children work harder for peace in their own countr .
 french president on military offensive : 'we are winning in mali ' <sec> new : nearly half a billion dollars pledged at donors ' conference .  hollande does not say how long france will maintain troops in mali .  u.n. gears up for the return of displaced people ; uk outlines military support .  flushing the islamists out of timbuktu is a big symbolic gai .
 colorado : will frontier state call the election ? <sec> cnn 's richard quest is in colorado , a state that leans republican but went for obama in 2008 .  he is in the u.s. as part of american quest , a series on the election airing from october 29 .  quest talks to local pundits and get a sense of how the `` undecided '' will cast their votes .  quest : colorado will go with the man they feel speaks to their frontier spirit and value .
 warning lifted against spanish cucumbers suspected in e. coli outbreak <sec> new : the european commission lifts its health warning against spanish cucumbers .  `` it 's not our products , '' spanish official insists .  media report 16 deaths linked to the outbreak , including 1 in sweden .  the specific source has not been pinpointe .
 pakistan sees 'hope ' in obama approach <sec> qureshi : `` i see a lot of hope in the new administration , the new leadership '' .  he and afghan foreign minister will meet with clinton , holbrooke this week .  u.s. troops will be sent to southern afghanistan .  taliban militants extend cease-fire as part of deal with pakista .
 one killed , more than 300 injured as clashes break out in egypt <sec> death , injuries reported in the abbasiya area , state media says .  the military rulers announce an overnight curfew .  political parties have urged their supporters to voice outrage over deadly clashes wednesday .  many are concerned about slow transition of power from egypt 's military to civilian rul .
 philippines mayor pleads not guilty to murder <sec> datu unsay mayor andal ampatuan jr. pleads not guilty to murder charges .  charges filled against him in over november massacre in maguindanao province .  authorities : killings an attempt to stop ampatuan opponent from running for governor .  nov. 23 massacre killed 57 people ; thirty journalists were among the dea .
 senegal 's 'dead sea ' : salt harvesting in the pink lake <sec> bright pink lake in senegal is as salty as the dead sea .  salt harvesters spend seven hours a day immersed in the lake .  each bucket of salt makes them just 60 cent .
 ex-colombian security chief surrenders to dea <sec> mauricio santoyo velasco was indicted in virginia on drug trafficking charges .  santoyo turned himself in to american officials in colombia .  he is on a plane headed to the u.s. , police sa .
 fans mourn as gm says no more pontiacs <sec> pontiac owners say bye to glory days of muscular iconic car .  the gto , which debuted in 1964 , is widely considered the original muscle car .  gm may face bankruptcy if restructuring plan is not approved by fed .
 cnn student news - september 19 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call . .  the weekly newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the new .
 path to citizenship should be a long hike <sec> ruben navarrette : citizenship for illegal immigrants is most difficult issue in reform .  gop leaning toward legal status , he says , but not the proposed path to citizenship .  navarrette : undocumented should have legal status asap to avoid more deportations .  citizenship should be difficult to obtain , navarrette say .
 atheists : are they unelectable ? ( opinion ) <sec> a democrat is running for congress , openly saying he is an atheist .  carlos moreno : atheists are significant fraction of americans , why not elect them ? .  the prejudice facing atheists is greater than that faced by other groups , he says .  moreno : prejudice keeps atheists from running and discourages candor about belief .
 nato : patriot missile battery operational on syrian border <sec> new : 129 die nationwide on saturday , a network of opposition activists reports .  8 children among 16 killed in aerial bombing near aleppo , another group says .  the first of six planned nato missile batteries arrives in turkey , not far from syria .  report : a senior iranian official says an attack on syria would be seen as a strike on ira .
 north korea : time for a policy of truth ( opinion ) <sec> north korean leader kim jong un has n't been seen in public for more than a month .  u.s. intelligence on north korea has been poor , suggests christian whiton .  west must put sustained pressure on north korean regime , whiton say .
 battle for congress hits final stretch <sec> the battle for the senate is unsettled heading into the final days of campaigning .  themes that were expected to dominate the cycle have n't resonated .  political climate still favors republican .
 jesse owens <sec> olympic record : 4 gold medals .  in 1976 he received the medal of freedom .  athlete ; born september 12 , 1913 , in oakville , alabam .
