 father charged in near-fatal beating of 2-year-old son <sec> lee willie dejesus , 23 , said he was teaching the child how to box .  he has been charged with aggravated child abuse and child neglect .  the boy is on life support and not expected to recover from his injurie .
 arab league recognizes new syrian opposition coalition <sec> new : algeria and iraq did n't fully support the resolution recognizing new group .  syrian opposition groups officially agreed on sunday to a united front to oppose al-assad .  president shimon peres says fire from syria has `` nothing to do with israel '' .  after a mortar shell , israel fires back and lodges a complaint with the united nation .
 obama picks loretta lynch for ag - cnnpolitics.com <sec> president obama says loretta lynch is his pick for attorney general .  loretta lynch is a u.s. attorney in for the eastern district of new york .  she would succeed eric holder , who announced his resignation in septembe .
 lava from volcano threatens to cut off hawaii community <sec> lava from a vent has come within a mile of the edge of the ka'ohe homesteads subdivision .  hawaii county mayor billy kenoi declares an emergency , asks gov . .  neil abercrombie for help .  u.s. geological survey says the lava could reach a subdivision boundary in less than a week .  no evacuations have been ordered , but access to roadways to the community is restricte .
 the world 's worst airports <sec> travelers rank hong kong , singapore and seoul airports as the world 's best .  which airports are the worst ? .  send your photos , videos to ireport .  crowded terminals ? .  terrifying airstrips ? .  rude staff ? .  sound off belo .
 5 european nations summon israeli ambassadors over settlement plans <sec> britain , france , spain , denmark and sweden summon israeli ambassadors .  a white house spokesman says settlements are `` counterproductive '' .  british official : the israeli government has not heeded international calls .  netanyahu says israel will continue building in occupied territorie .
 even with rocket-busting 'iron dome ' for protection , fear hits home in israel <sec> israel-gaza conflict has created widespread fear across the jewish state .  israeli family in ashkelon has moved three kids into grandparents ' apartment .  rocket fire can be seen , heard as far away as jerusalem , tel aviv .  'iron dome ' shield has busted half of incoming rockets so fa .
 online dating partner gets stuck inside man 's chimney <sec> california woman gets stuck inside the chimney of ex-online beau .  rescuers dismantled chimney brick by brick to extricate genoveva nunez-figueroa .  homeowner : `` i hope she gets help and i hope she stays offline .
 what obama can learn from lincoln <sec> frida ghitis : `` lincoln '' is brilliant because it shows that virtue is complicated .  ghitis : everything lincoln did , at every step , was not free of ethical stain .  she says politics is full of morally ambiguous choices , but end goal matters .  ghitis : president obama can emulate lincoln 's courage in times of crisi .
 begala : 10 ways to show you love america <sec> paul begala : giuliani 's questioning of obama 's love of country is nuts .  still , he says , it 's worth thinking about how we can all show we love the country . .  begala offers 10 suggestion .
 web of terror : paris attacks and global jihad <sec> attackers ' links to terrorism reach yemen , syria , iraq and beyond .  al qaeda 's yemen affiliate says it planned and funded the charlie hebdo attack in paris .  a video appears to show the kosher market attacker pledging loyalty to the leader of isi .
 san francisco bay ferry service suspended in anticipation of protest <sec> new : other unions ' members plan to support ferry workers , among other may day activities .  a bay area transit agency says ferries wo n't run from marin county early tuesday .  it 's due to fears that an expected union action will negatively affect service .  the union is urging members to participate in a `` rally '' on the golden gate bridg .
 chavez appears on state television with shaved head <sec> new : chavez reiterates his support for libyan leader moammar gadhafi .  the venezuelan president says his `` new look '' is a good sign .  he said in june that doctors had removed a tumor .  chavez mocks critics for speculating about his healt .
 buyi and the beijing rock scene <sec> buyi is one of the bands breaking through the beijing music scene .  in the last ten years the number of garage bands in china has exploded .  the internet and social software has helped create a vibrant underground scen .
 facebook adding ads to its ticker feed <sec> facebook is adding ads to its fast-moving ticker .  `` sponsored stories '' may begin appearing in the column for some users monday .  more sites are incorporating sponsored content alongside organic post .
 jubilant czechs clinch 'amazing ' fed cup title defense <sec> czech republic women 's team wins fed cup final for second successive year .  lucie safarova clinches an unassailable 3-1 lead with win over ana ivanovic .  the former czechoslovakia won the title five times up until 1988 .  david ferrer wins his first atp masters title with sunday 's victory in paris fina .
 commentary : where have all the malaria patients gone ? <sec> yamada : the number of malaria cases has declined by at least half in 25 countries .  zanzibar has virtually eliminated the disease over the past five years .  zambia expanded the use of insecticides , bednets , and appropriate treatment .  bill & melinda gates foundation helps funding a malaria control progra .
 prisoner designs enter fashion world <sec> prison inmates design clothes for new shop in german capital .  portion of profits go to prisoner rights organizations .  clothes include tag include prisoner 's name and sentence .  products include design by inmate on death row in texas , u.s .
 6 former bosnian croat leaders convicted of war crimes <sec> six former bosnian croat leaders are sent to prison for war crimes and crimes against humanity .  the offenses date to between 1992 and 1994 , after the break-up of the former yugoslavia .  the six , who have 30 days to appeal , were part of a campaign of ethnic cleansing , icty says .  they used rape , murder and deportation to drive non-croats from an area they wanted , it say .
 alonso keeps title race alive as hamilton pips vettel in austin <sec> f1 title will go to the final race of the season after lewis hamilton wins us gp .  sebastian vettel is second and extends lead over fernando alonso to 13 points .  red bull 's vettel and ferrari 's alonso will go head-to-head for the title in brazil .  vettel 's display secures red bull their third successive constructors ' championshi .
 nadal threatens to boycott blue clay after shock madrid defeat <sec> rafael nadal loses to fernando verdasco in three hours at the madrid open .  it 's a rare loss for the king of clay , who was on a 22-match winning streak .  loss will reopen debate on madrid tournament 's use of blue clay .  nadal says he will skip event next year if it is still played on blue cla .
 five killed at u.n. office in islamabad <sec> four pakistanis and an iraqi were killed , officials say .  suicide bomber , who was in his 20s , also died in the attack .  offices in pakistani capital belonged to u.n. world food progra .
 at wildlife rehab center , oiled pelicans get a second chance <sec> about 50 birds treated tuesday at fort jackson oiled wildlife rehabilitation center .  after rehab , the birds are scheduled for release in florida .  workers planning to build more receiving pens to handle increased influx of bird .
 glitches remain , but aid reaching haiti earthquake victims <sec> aid beginning to reach those who need it , officials say .  one aid group still experiencing delays in getting aid into country .  port-au-prince airport running at maximum capacity , u.s. general say .
 sly stone steps up for daughter <sec> stone is talking to interviewers again years after gaining a reputation as a recluse .  stone takes the stage with his daughter , novena , and her group , babystone .  once known for being a no-show , stone now shows up for performances earl .
 uganda ethnic , political tension erupts in riots , government says <sec> radio broadcasts encouraged violent street action against the government .  government statement describes kampala rioters as `` marauding thugs '' ? .  dozens seek care , many with broken bones , says doctor at kampala hospital .  tension between splintered kingdom and uganda 's president has been on ris .
 barca 's unbeaten run ended by celtic <sec> last season 's champions league finalists barcelona lose for first time in 2012-13 .  spanish side could have qualified for last 16 but went down 2-1 away to celtic .  champions chelsea snatch injury-time win at home to shakhtar donetsk .  manchester united through to knockout stage after fourth successive victor .
 world cup : xherdan shaqiri warms up for messi showdown <sec> switzerland defeats honduras 3-0 to secure second place .  xherdan shaqiri scores hat-trick to set up argentina tie .  ecuador out of the tournament after goalless draw with france .  honduras coach luis fernando suarez resign .
 ryder cup : bradley , mahan and simpson chosen by watson <sec> united states ryder cup captain tom watson picks his three wildcard choices .  keegan bradley , hunter mahan and webb simpson make up 12-strong usa team .  european line-up also settled by captain paul mcginley on tuesday .  ryder cup begins at gleneagles in scotland on friday 26 septembe .
 man sought in killing possibly linked to craigslist <sec> 26-year-old died after attack at boston hotel on tuesday .  police say she posted craigslist ad offering massages .  man may be behind two recent robberies , they say .  boston police seek public 's help identifying man on vide .
 tibet protesters scale golden gate bridge <sec> protesters arrested after hanging `` free tibet '' banner from bridge .  the climbers come down voluntarily after three hours .  earlier in day , protests in paris , france , cut short olympic torch relay .  china faces international criticism over crackdown on protests seeking tibet self-rul .
 opinion : why there are more walk-away moms <sec> after disappearing for more than a decade , brenda heist turned up in florida .  peggy drexler : reports show the number of moms who run away is on the rise .  she says our increasingly me-first narcissistic tendencies might have something to do with it .  drexler : mothers who abandon their children are still judged more harshly by societ .
 southern miss apologizes for band 's derogatory chant at ncaa tournament <sec> the incident was captured by television cameras .  `` we deeply regret the remarks made by a few students , '' school president says .  kansas state beat southern miss 70-6 .
 killing of glamour model-bodyguard stuns moscow <sec> russian model-and-bodyguard killed in moscow during carjacking .  editor : `` i feel that she was not afraid of anything '' .  in last interview , she said she smashed would-be carjacker in face four months ag .
 rights group calls to ban czech castration law <sec> council of europe says czechs should abolish it castration law for sex offenders .  coe says some choose castration fearing refusal means long jail sentences .  group alleges some choosing castration include non-violent and first offenders .  czech republic defends procedure as voluntary and effectiv .
 opinion : kids in alaska do n't have to take sex ed <sec> alaska does not require school districts to teach sex ed .  john sutter : given high rates of violence against women , it should .  sutter says the some districts implement progress curriculum , but many do n't .  one effective program is only used by 22.2 % of schools , for exampl .
 'dark girls ' directors bill duke , d. channsin berry answer 5 questions <sec> `` dark girls '' looks at colorism in the black community and beyond .  the documentary was co-directed by filmmakers bill duke and d. channsin berry .  duke and berry say the film was inspired by personal experiences .  berry said he learned `` pain is pain '' and `` all women '' can be dark girl .
 jackie chan 's son released from jail in china <sec> son of jackie chan released from jail after 6 months sentence .  jaycee chan tested positive for marijuana in august .  his father was named anti-drugs ambassador in china in 200 .
 amy winehouse hospitalized for drug reaction <sec> amy winehouse representative : singer has had bad reaction to medication .  another bad reaction to medication prompted winehouse to enter hospital in july .  grammy-winning winehouse has suffered a string of health problem .
 'fright night ' remake clicks , thanks to colin farrell <sec> colin farrell is hot stuff as a vampire named jerry .  david tennant as peter vincent is the tacky vegas magician enlisted to kill jerry .  director craig gillespie is wise to turn farrell and tennant loos .
 bill hader : life post-'snl ' <sec> bill hader has a busy summer after his exit from `` saturday night live '' .  he 'll star in `` the to do list '' and `` cloudy with a chance of meatballs 2 '' .  the star says he 's come a long way from his days editing `` iron chef : america '' .  he hopes he 'll soon direct a movi .
 israeli archaeologists find rare gold coins <sec> new : coins were found by british volunteer ; `` pity that i ca n't take it home , '' she says .  researchers find ancient coins in car park in jerusalem 's city of david .  coins were minted in 7th century and depict byzantine emperor of the era .  they were found in collapsed building being excavated by archaeologist .
 spanish pm : somali pirates free fishermen <sec> all 36 crew members of a spanish fishing boat hijacked by somali pirates a month ago are freed .  two somalis were seized by spanish military a day after pirates captured the boat .  judge indicted the two on 36 counts of kidnapping -- - one for each of the 36 crew members being hel .
 cristiano ronaldo spares los blancos blushes in capital derby <sec> real madrid salvage 2-2 draw against atletico in madrid derby .  los blancos stay top of la liga .  cristiano ronaldo scores late equalizer .  barcelona close gap to one point with 4-1 win over almeri .
 nfl linebacker kills his baby 's mother , then himself as coaches look on <sec> new : `` i am devastated and heart broken , '' one chiefs player tweets .  new : kansas city 's mayor says the team feels obligated to play sunday .  jovan belcher fatally shot his girlfriend , with their baby daughter in another room , police say .  he then shoots himself in front of coaches as officers pull up , police sa .
 q & a ; : remembering 'the empress of fashion , ' diana vreeland <sec> diana vreeland was a fashion editor for harper 's bazaar and editor-in-chief of vogue . .  vreeland advised jackie o and fostered the careers of '60s `` it '' girls twiggy and penelope tree .  a new documentary , `` diana vreeland : the eye has to travel , '' follows the renowned style arbiter 's lif .
 notre dame linebacker says he is victim of bizarre hoax about 'girlfriend ' <sec> te'o 's father had said his son , girlfriend met in hawaii .  manti te'o is a hoax victim , notre dame says ; university hired an investigative firm .  sports website deadspin raises questions about the existence of his girlfriend .  in september , te'o talked about losing his grandmother , girlfriend in the same wee .
 elian gonzalez slams u.s. embargo against cuba <sec> elian gonzalez tells cnn he 's happy in cuba .  he blames the u.s. embargo for his mother 's death .  `` their unjust embargo provokes a critical economic situation , '' he says .  gonzalez , now 20 , is in ecuador for a youth conferenc .
 being there for single moms with cancer <sec> jody farley-berens helps single parents who are battling cancer .  farley-berens saw the need firsthand through her childhood friend .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2015 cnn heroe .
 former chechen rebel : 'i have nothing to do with ' boston bombings <sec> musa khadjimuradov , 36 , says he has been questioned twice by the fbi .  he says investigators are asking about one of the boston bombings suspects .  `` i am sure the fbi knows by now that i have nothing to do with the terrible act , '' he says .  khadjimuradov says he knew tamerlan tsarnaev only in passin .
 search for air france 'black boxes ' enters new phase <sec> plane went down off brazil on june 1 , killing all 228 aboard .  voice , data recorders stop broadcasting after 30 days .  investigators planned to keep listening for 10 additional days .  french oceanographic ship will conduct new searche .
 arson or accident ? fbi , atf investigate fuel depot fire in puerto rico <sec> blaze started with massive explosion early friday .  graffiti found in two san juan tunnels made reference to fires .  puerto rico to receive fuel imports to make up for what burne .
 premier league clubs slash ticket prices as recession bites <sec> football fans to benefit as club teams lower season ticket prices .  five english premier league teams have dropped prices for season passes .  dan johnson of the premier league says the move is due to recession .  a u.s. major league soccer team has also announced a price dro .
 opinion : land on the wrong runway ? it 's easy <sec> robert goyer : 2 months after a jet landed on wrong runway , it happened again in missouri .  how does crew get it wrong ? .  if you 've been flying a long time , it 's happened to you , he says .  he says pilots turn off autopilot just before landing , do n't always see it 's wrong field .  goyer : it can be deadly . .  a saving grace of newer jets : great brakes , reverse thruster .
 man boards plane without ticket or security check in san diego <sec> hours after leaving jail , man boards plane with no ticket .  police say he bypassed tsa and went out an emergency exit .  passenger says everyone left the plane , bags were searched before man was foun .
 commentary : bush needs to pull a john wayne on katrina recovery <sec> no more paralysis by analysis , martin says .  create a nerve center of operations for katrina recovery , he says .  martin : it 's up to president bus .
 cnn student news transcript : november 18 , 2009 <sec> consider what was said in a meeting between the u.s. and chinese leaders .  hear how some czechs marked the 20th anniversary of the velvet revolution .  launch into the plans for a civilian spaceport in the new mexico desert .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 blake mycoskie : sole ambition <sec> entrepreneur blake mycoskie is blending philanthropy with business .  he is the designer and self-titled `` chief shoe giver '' at toms shoes .  his company gives away a pair of shoes for every pair it sells .  toms expects to donate 200,000 pairs of shoes to children in need this yea .
 why 'hope and change ' is dead , 'forward ' lives <sec> in 2008 , `` hope and change '' was obama slogan ; this year it 's `` forward '' .  lz granderson says president obama 's ambitions have been scaled back .  he says economy , d.c. dysfunction , gop opposition have gotten in the way .  granderson says romney 's flip-flops make it hard for him to hold obama accountabl .
 u.s. transfers 6 detainees from guantanamo bay <sec> prisoners are transferred in the middle of the night , then taken to hospitals .  uruguay 's president calls it `` hospitality for humans suffering a heinous kidnapping '' .  the u.s. expresses gratitude to uruguay for supporting efforts to close guantanamo bay .  136 detainees remain at guantanamo , the lowest number since 200 .
 edward snowden : world 's most wanted man , says new book <sec> the book , by guardian reporter luke harding , will be released in the uk this week .  it details the unlikely journey of intelligence leaker edward snowden .  harding on snowden : `` he 's achieved far more than he could have possibly imagined .
 gunmen stop saudi convoy in paris , seize papers , cash <sec> new : saudi arabia denies it was an embassy car .  gunmen stopped a saudi convoy , seizing cash and diplomatic papers .  a prince was in the convoy , but the men seemed focused on the contents of one vehicle , he said .  le parisien website reported that the gunmen were armed with kalashnikov rifle .
 review : 'thor ' blows hot and cold <sec> thor , the norse god of thunder , gets an updated look .  newcomer chris hemsworth plays thor ; natalie portman is his love interest .  shakespearean actor kenneth branagh directs the fil .
 ronaldo reveals baby son in shock twitter announcement <sec> cristiano ronaldo reveals he is a father via his twitter , facebook accounts .  reports : mother of child is an unnamed american woman .  ronaldo said on facebook page that he has exclusive custody of the bo .
