 switzerland : zurich launches 'sex drive-ins ' <sec> sex workers will operate from garage-style structures with alarm buttons and guards .  the move is intended to take prostitution off the streets of zurich , says project leader .  some 30 to 40 women are expected to work at the site in sihlquai each night .  the women can get health checkups on site , as well as advice from social worker .
 tests under way to see if bone is holloway 's <sec> new : an initial test indicates the bone belongs to a young woman , prosecutor says .  authorities say definitive testing may take about a week .  if the bone is human , dna testing will be conducted .  the jawbone was found near an aruban hote .
 andriy shevchenko struggles in professional golf debut <sec> andriy shevchenko makes his professional golf debut in his native ukraine .  the 36-year-old cards 84 but his playing partner leads after shooting 64 .  shevchenko retired from football after last year 's european championships .  the kharkov superior cup is the first major professional golf event to be held in ukrain .
 teens on social media : 'like ' and 'fomo ' anxiety <sec> the quest for likes and the fear of missing out can cause social media anxiety among teens .  at a recent workshop , teens realized how social media can affect them emotionally .  study : the more people checked facebook , the worse they felt about their lives .  conversations about social media need to start when kids are young , says exper .
 superstorm sandy 's west virginia weapon : killer snow <sec> five deaths have been confirmed in west virginia .  state was hit with blizzard-like conditions from superstorm sandy .  more than 200,000 people remained without powe .
 gagging , writhing -- activists claim videos show chemical warfare <sec> new : an opposition group accuses the international community of being complicit .  the u.s. ca n't officially confirm a chemical weapons attack , an official said .  the syrian government denies using chemical weapons .  british , french governments acknowledge reports are n't verified but express concern .
 medical crisis in gaza as conflict endures <sec> new : hamas security sources : islamic jihad militants killed in israeli airstrike .  at least 100 palestinians have been killed in gaza since monday , officials say .  medical sources compare the crisis in gaza hospitals to that in syria during its civil war .  israel says all options remain on the table , says that hamas must stop attacking israe .
 china pledges peace in sea territorial disputes <sec> defense minister says china is keeping its agreements to a peaceful resolution .  chinese military has been accused of harassment in the south china sea .  the area rich in oil deposits is rife with territorial dispute .
 can federer make history in london ? <sec> atp world tour finals begin sunday at london 's o2 arena .  world no . .  1 novak djokovic seeking to repeat his 2008 success in china .  defending champion roger federer aiming for record sixth title .  federer is drawn in the same group as last year 's runner-up rafael nada .
 reluctant solo sailor wins route du rhom classic <sec> yachting legend loick peyron wins route du rhum .  sets race record on trimaran banque populaire vii .  the 54-year-old was a late replacement for injured armel le cleac'h .  peyron is helmsman and on swedish america 's cup bid artemi .
 review : 'the big year ' not for the birds <sec> `` the big year '' stars steve martin , jack black and owen wilson .  the title refers to a competition among bird watchers .  the film includes a bit of bird trivia as well some nice supporting performance .
 cambodian court sentences michigan man on sex charges <sec> the case involves the abuse of two brothers aged 12 and 14 .  phillip bruce shepard receives 10 years for buying child prositution .  he was arrested in july .  cambodia is categorized as a destination country for foreign child sex tourist .
 fbi most-wanted suspect eric frein in custody <sec> new : prosecutors intend to seek the death penalty for frein , says district attorney .  `` justice will be served , '' says pennsylvania gov . .  tom corbett .  frein was armed with a pistol and a rifle , a source says .  the self-styled survivalist is suspected in the september 12 ambush of two officer .
 'this has been my dream , ' spelling bee winner says <sec> kavya shivashankar of olathe , kansas , wins in fourth trip to national finals .  the 13-year-old eighth-grader will receive $ 40,000 in cash and prizes .  focus on task keeps cameras and media from distracting her , kavya says .  girl may return to scene if younger sister does well in future competition .
 cnn poll : 75 % say most gop in congress do n't deserve re-election - cnnpolitics.com <sec> cnn poll finds significantly more feel that republicans should be voted out .  poll also finds that half say they would vote for democrat while only 43 % would go gop .  polling expert cautions that with midterms a year away , there 's time for sentiment to change .  six in 10 say they find the tea party too extreme and that brings gop numbers dow .
 as katrina wreaked havoc , mom searched for her child <sec> days before katrina slammed into new orleans , lashawn traylor gave birth to a son .  mother and son were separated during the evacuations .  traylor was also separated from her husband and four other children .  cnn news report helped reunite the famil .
 joan jett to seaworld : stop rockin ' the whales <sec> seaworld says it 's dropped joan jett songs from shamu show .  joan jett says she just learned seaworld plays `` i love rock 'n ' roll '' in orca show .  jett : orcas `` are driven crazy in the tiny tanks '' when blasted with music .  heart , willie nelson , barenaked ladies , cheap trick cancel seaworld show .
 same blue dye in m & ms linked to reducing spine injury <sec> researchers find way to reduce secondary damage caused by spinal injuries .  compound bbg is similar to blue food dye used in sweets , sports drinks .  only side effect of intravenous injection was that it turned test rats blue .  researchers are planning to apply to the fda for permission for human test .
 search is on in spain for american student not seen since saturday <sec> austin taylor bice , 22 , was last seen outside a madrid disco last saturday .  missing-person posters are appearing in madrid and on spanish media .  bice 's father has come from the u.s. and plans to stay `` as long as i need to '' .  there are about 17,000 american students in spain , an educational institute say .
 bad weather thwarts pakistan leader 's afghan trip <sec> pakistani president asif ali zardari due to meet afghan president hamid karzai .  visit to have taken place amid ongoing tension along afghan-pakistan border .  taliban militants attacking afghanistan from pakistan 's north west province .  both countries have previously blamed each other for the security problem .
 powerless in new jersey post-sandy <sec> nearly 1.5 million people in new jersey remain without power .  power companies estimate full coverage will be restored by next week .  residents are grilling outdoors and relying on friends for electricity and hot water .  lines for gasoline are miles long , and the waits are endles .
 israel suspends ties with u.n. human rights council <sec> israel says it will not cooperate with an investigation of jewish settlements .  the move comes in response to a resolution to establish a fact-finding mission on settlements .  senior palestinian negotiator says the measures are intended to protect palestinian land and people .  netanyahu says the council `` ought to be ashamed of itself .
 police to canvas l.a. neighborhoods for 'teardrop rapist ' <sec> police plan to canvas l.a. 's hispanic neighborhoods thursday .  from 1996 to 2005 , the 'teardrop rapist '' attacked more than two dozen women .  the case went cold until six months ago , los angeles police say .  the suspect 's moniker comes from reports of a teardrop tattoo on his fac .
 specialist divers arrive at scene of sunken russian ship <sec> new : the bodies of two more children are recovered .  military divers are ordered to plan to raise the `` bulgaria '' as soon as possible , the defense ministry says .  more than 20 people are still missing .  four people face charges over what 's being called russia 's worst river disaste .
 d.j . campbell arrested in english match-fixing investigation <sec> blackburn striker d.j . .  campbell arrested in spot-fixing investigation , his soccer club confirms .  five other players in english lower divisions also arrested , says national crime agency .  the nca says monday that five released on bail while other is still being questioned .  uk 's sun on sunday newspaper published allegations made by undercover investigative tea .
 somali cited in flight diversion held for immigration violations <sec> man triggered weekend diversion of an aeromexico flight .  brother says the detained man was told he could return to the united states .  man was on the `` no fly '' list compiled by the u.s. governmen .
 american airlines ceo apologizes to passengers <sec> new : american airlines says 570 flights will be canceled friday .  `` i am profoundly sorry , '' chief executive of american airlines says .  american expects all of its md-80 jets to be flight-worthy by saturday night .  alaska airlines , midwest airlines cancel flights thursday for safety check .
 pizza maker hand-delivers papal pie to pope francis <sec> pizza maker enzo cacialli hands pope francis pie as motorcade drives through naples .  pie was topped with yellow cherry tomatoes , had `` il papa '' spelled out in doug .
 apparently this matters : america invades denmark in 'minecraft ' <sec> a virtual version of denmark was created in the `` minecraft '' game .  `` cyber vandals '' snuck into virtual denmark , set off virtual dynamite and raised u.s. flags .  virtual denmark has since been repaire .
 kvitova goes out as sharapova survives first hurdle <sec> wimbledon champion petra kvitova goes out in first round of u.s. open .  czech is beaten in straight sets by romania 's alexandra dulgheru .  maria sharapova taken to three sets by britain 's heather watso .
 as arizona wildfire rages , officials allow some to return home <sec> new : the wallow fire has scorched 443,989 acres in eastern arizona .  new : officials say the blaze is 10 % contained .  a commander says residents in springerville and eagar can return home `` at their own risk '' .  arizona 's worst wildfire burned 468,638 acres in 200 .
 va. lacrosse player had no 'intent to kill , ' defense attorney says <sec> new : george huguely was `` stupid , drunk -- but not calculating , '' the attorney argues .  new : a witness questions the nature of injuries that led to 22-year-old yeardley love 's death .  new : a prosecutor asks jurors to hold huguely `` responsible for what he did '' .  new : both sides have rested ; the trial is set to resume on wednesda .
 shonda rhimes strikes back against 'angry ' label <sec> shonda rhimes called `` angry black woman '' in new york times piece .  rhimes surprised by description , strikes back on twitter .  others also wonder where label came from .  rhimes is one of tv 's leading showrunner .
 a to z of online piracy <sec> a run-down of the biggest online piracy moments since napster in 1999 .  f is for free culture , a group that rejects the idea of modern copyright law .  d is for drm , technologies companies use to try to restrict online piracy .  s is for sweden , where the `` internet trial of the century '' has just conclude .
 north dakota 's only abortion clinic stays open after judge 's ruling <sec> a north dakota abortion law was supposed to go into effect thursday .  its requirements would have led to the closure of the state 's only abortion clinic .  clinic 's past does n't suggest new regulations are needed ; judge halts law 's implementation .  the clinic 's director cheers the ruling , saying state constitution protects abortion right .
 formula one : new owners for caterham f1 team <sec> caterham formula one team sold to swiss and middle eastern consortium .  owner tony fernandes and partners relinquish control with immediate effect .  new consortium will be advised by former f1 team principal colin kolle .
 kahn , the architect of airline deregulation , dies at 93 <sec> kahn 's efforts have paved the way for low-cost airlines .  he spearheaded the airline deregulation act that let prices be set by the market and not the government .  deregulation let to the concept of airport hubs and frequent flyer miles .  he is also known for his efforts to eliminate `` bureaucratese .
 protesters clash with police in cairo as anger mounts <sec> official : `` egypt is facing a dangerous situation that is not simple to deal with '' .  more than 200 security forces injured in clashes , deputy minister says .  in cairo , demonstrators throw rocks at police , who respond with tear gas .  a prominent anti-mubarak protester is injured , associate say .
 opinion : cities ca n't afford worker pensions <sec> matthew brouillette : detroit 's pension mess is a warning to other cities and states .  brouillette : solution is to switch to 401 ( k ) plans which is common in the private sector .  he says market risks of 401 ( k ) s require more personal responsibility for workers .  brouillette : if cities and states keep the pension system , it will be too costly in the long ru .
 why vote on tuesdays ? no good reason <sec> jacob soboroff : the u.s. ranks near the bottom of all nations in voter participation .  soboroff : tuesday was set in 1845 , to help voters traveling by horse and buggy .  nations with highest voter turnout hold elections on weekends or holidays , he writes .  he says weekend elections would help those in school or working to vote more easil .
 what is the higgs boson and why is it important ? <sec> scientists say they 've found new evidence the higgs boson exists .  the so-called `` god particle '' is thought to be a building block of the universe .  the theoretical particle is key to understanding how universe works , experts sa .
 mental illness more likely behind afghan shooting than ptsd , psychiatrist says <sec> officials say the suspect was on his fourth deployment .  he suffered a traumatic brain injury in 2010 in iraq but was cleared for duty .  psychiatrist : it 's unlikely the solder was suffering from post-traumatic stress disorde .
 opinion : americans do n't need a pen and phone , we need a job , paycheck <sec> rep. greg walden says americans need jobs , not empty words .  walden : obamacare is not going away as a political issue .  walden : the republican house is the only check and balance on an unpopular presiden .
 france selected to host 2018 ryder cup <sec> france have won the right to host golf 's ryder cup in 2018 .  the biannual event is contested between teams of 12 from europe and the united states .  the french bid beat competition from spain , netherlands , germany and portugal .  europe won the the last tournament in 2010 , held at celtic manor in wale .
 funeral for farrah fawcett set for tuesday <sec> funeral will be held at cathedral of our lady of the angels in los angeles .  the family did not release any details about who would deliver the eulogy .  service will be private with no indication on how many people invite .
 mccain : prolonged arizona execution was 'torture ' <sec> arizona temporarily halts executions after prolonged execution .  sen. john mccain says the nearly two-hour incident is tantamount to torture .  media witnesses say arizona murderer joseph wood gasped intensely .  his attorneys tried to halt the execution more than halfway through and have wood revive .
 investigation continues after arrest in patz case <sec> the commissioner say police did n't talk to hernandez , yet sources say they did .  one source says hernandez even confessed , but his claims were n't believed .  hernandez is charged with murder , though there 's no physical evidence linking him .  his attorney says no plea has been entered due to a pending psychiatric evaluatio .
 germany make it seven wins out of seven to close in on euro 2012 place <sec> germany on verge of qualifying for euro 2012 after beating azerbaijan in group a .  goals from ozil , gomez and schurrle make it seven wins from seven matches .  germany are now 11 points ahead of second placed turkey .  sweden thrash finland 5-0 to close the gap on group e leaders netherland .
 isis : will it 'weaponize ' foreign fighters ? ( opinion ) <sec> likelihood of foreign fighters planning attacks in west varies by where they were , writer says .  isis less interested in planning attacks overseas than al qaeda , thomas hegghammer says .  isis is unlikely to go all in on global operations the way al qaeda has , he say .
 how paris killings could renew kurdish flashpoint <sec> the murder of three kurdish women political activists remains a mystery .  a spokesman for pkk and kck told cnn the attacks were assassinations .  `` expect protests and memorial demonstrations in europe '' , says watson .  in turkey , kurds are the largest and oppressed ethnic minority , says watso .
 obama faces risk of a wartime presidency <sec> with his troop decision , obama becomes a wartime president , says julian zelizer .  he says other presidents have seen wars swallow up their domestic plans .  zelizer says truman , lbj , george w. bush were weakened by wa .
 rock producer don kirshner dead at 76 <sec> `` don kirshner 's rock concert '' set the standard for live tv performances .  kirshner corralled the songwriting talent for the hit '60s tv show `` the monkees '' .  he was influential in making stars of bobby darin , neil diamond and tony orland .
 detroit power outage puts schools , firehouses , other buildings in the dark <sec> detroit mayor says he hopes power will be restored by end of day .  power goes out at public buildings .  people trapped in elevators in several government buildings .  more than 80 detroit public schools dismiss students earl .
 bodies of mumbai terrorists unburied <sec> indian muslim organization do not want to bury alleged mumbai terrorists .  group says terror gang defamed islam .  bodies are lying in a morgue waiting for burial decision .  only surviving suspect is on trial for murder , attempted murder and waging wa .
 indiana gets real on immigration <sec> indiana 's attorney general has declared most of the state 's new immigration law indefensible .  he cited the june supreme court ruling on arizona in his announcement , says ali noorani .  indiana is not alone in thinking there is a better way to enforce immigration law , noorani says .  noorani : it 's time for the federal government to create a rational immigration proces .
 kiss ' gene simmons , wwe team up to make horror movies <sec> kiss ' gene simmons is teaming with wwe studios to launch erebus pictures .  first film will be `` temple , '' about operatives trapped inside an isolated military compoun .
 cnn student news transcript : november 17 , 2009 <sec> hear how saudi arabia plans to combat h1n1 during the annual hajj .  weigh the pros and cons of moving guantanamo detainees to illinois .  track down the reason why some mit researchers are tracing trash .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 first suspected drone strike in pakistan since bin laden raid ; 12 dead <sec> the operation took place in north waziristan .  drone strikes have been controversial in pakistan .  one politician warned of disrupting nato supply rout .
 native american actors walk off adam sandler movie <sec> about a dozen native american actors walk off set of adam sandler comedy , says report .  actors say satirical western 's script is insulting to native americans and wome .
 suspect in custody after 4 people killed at california tribal office <sec> two people are injured , in critical condition , the police chief says .  authorities said a woman shot at people before using a butcher knife .  new : the suspect was identified as sherrie rhoades , a former tribal leader .  new : police said the suspect was facing evictio .
 honeymoon killing suspect 's court date pushed back <sec> shrien dewani is accused of staging a carjacking to have his wife killed .  the killing took place in south africa , which is seeking his extradition from the uk .  he denies staging the killing .  he 's next due in court on february .
 official : even chimps in tutus can be vicious <sec> chimp owners who treat them like pets are risking lives , humane society says .  about 15,000 monkeys and other primates are living as either pets or in private zoos .  pet chimp viciously attacked his owner 's friend in stamford , connecticut , on monday .  save the chimps is among groups offering sanctuary to chimps raised in captivit .
 best easter egg hunts around the world <sec> the easter bunny and mad hatter lead the way on an egg hunt atop cape town 's table mountain .  capella d.c. hotel in washington hides eggs around the city with prizes offered to finders .  london dungeon employs an `` egg-cecutioner '' for its twist on the easter them .
 fifa inches towards goal-line technology at world cup <sec> fifa introduces testing program for goal-line technology at 2014 world cup .  bidding companies must prove 100 % success rate by next year .  international fa board will make decision in july 2012 .  pressure has grown after a series of high-profile incidents , two involving frank lampar .
