 brittany murphy laid to rest in christmas eve service <sec> friends , family of actress brittany murphy hold a private service on christmas eve .  service at hollywood hills forest lawn cemetery has christian , jewish clergy .  family statement : `` brittany was an incredibly loving and passionate person '' .  actress died unexpectedly last weekend ; authorities say death was from natural cause .
 tom petty guitars recovered <sec> security guard booked for grand theft .  petty grateful for return of instruments .  five of petty 's guitars stolen from los angeles soundstage .  three of them were vintage guitars from the 1960 .
 will obamacare raise the price of your pizza ? <sec> papa john 's pizza 's ceo said the affordable care act will raise the cost of his pizza .  no one thinks government spending is free , says dr. aaron e. carroll .  even americans who get their insurance from their employers pay for their care , he says .  carroll : more expensive pizza is a tiny price to pay for the benefits of health care refor .
 the haunting wildlife photography of david yarrow <sec> award-winning photographer travels to the most remote parts of the world to take wildlife pics .  photo of a shark feeding on the baby seal took 30 hours to capture .  it 's best to photograph africa in october , arctic in may and june , says yarro .
 troy davis put to death in georgia <sec> inmate tells victim 's family he is not guilty .  troy davis put to death late wednesday .  u.s. supreme court denied stay of execution .  the original prosecutor says the facts support troy davis ' sentenc .
 halle berry 's nanny fears baby 's dad , court document says <sec> judge rejects nanny 's request for restraining order against gabriel aubry .  nanny 's sworn statement details allegations of violence .  the evidence is `` insufficient and speculative , '' judge rules .  halle berry 's court appearance is brief and privat .
 video shows purported atrocities in sri lanka conflict <sec> video obtained by journalists for democracy in sri lanka shows apparent atrocity .  video shows men being shot by men wearing what appear to be military fatigues .  sri lankan official says gunmen in video not sri lankan army soldiers , video staged .  reports from survivors of sri lanka conflict suggest war crimes were committe .
 sunday brings faith and healing in boston <sec> bostonians filled churches sunday to pray and heal .  cardinal sean o'malley says everyone has been affected .  a week ago , there was carnage on boylston street ; on sunday , people of all faiths united there .  bells will toll in massachusetts on monday afternoon to remember the bombing victim .
 u.s. peace corps volunteer fatally shot in lesotho <sec> volunteer thomas maresco , 24 , was teaching secondary education .  robbery may have been a motive for the attack .  91 peace corps volunteers are in lesoth .
 isis beheading : what should u.s. do ? ( opinion ) <sec> frida ghitis : u.s. can not give in to isis threats , must focus on helping kurds of iraq .  ghitis : u.n. resolution should declare that muslims , rest of the world find isis horrific .  ghitis : u.s. should make sure this is not framed as a war against islam and the west .  she says isis is a threat to the whole world ; europeans are joining in big number .
 kennedy abortion debate puts politics , religion back in spotlight <sec> rep. patrick kennedy 's support for abortion rights brings criticism from church .  bishop tells kennedy not to take communion .  the issue is considered much broader than a public rift between the two me .
 meghan mccain : sarah palin is 'really chill ' <sec> meghan mccain has written children 's book about her father , john mccain .  she told larry king that mccain 's running mate , sarah palin , is shrewd , smart .  mccain said she enjoys using her blog to show how her parents really ar .
 ex-blue angels commander reassigned in sexual harassment inquiry <sec> capt . .  gregory mcwherter was at a naval base in california as a commander .  he was relieved of duty as an investigation moved into a new phase .  he 's accused of allowing an atmosphere of lewd language , sexual jokes , pornography .  the u.s. military has been accused of not doing enough to fight sex crime .
 tea party leader : what we want <sec> phillip dennis : eliminate education and agriculture departments , the epa , the stimulus bill .  dennis : government jobs must be substantially cut ; employees sent to the private sector .  tea party wants welfare and unemployment benefits drastically cut , he says .  take a chainsaw to government , get it out of the private sector , dennis write .
 israel , u.s. : syrian-golan heights protests 'provocation ' <sec> new : israel , united states call the fatal protests a provocation .  new : israel pm : sunday protests were an effort to distract from harsh syrian crackdown .  israeli officials say 10 protesters died when fire bombs they threw set off landmines .  the protests came on the anniversary of the 1967 middle east wa .
 rescue teams mobilized , watch haiti turmoil from u.s . <sec> officials say haiti could not `` absorb '' the additional four u.s. teams mobilized to help haiti .  columbia university expert says teams should have been sent within first 72 hours .  u.s. ambassador to haiti says he 's unaware that search teams mobilized but stayed in the u.s . .  there are more than 1,700 rescuers , 161 canines already in haiti , usaid official say .
 'band of brothers ' veteran william guarnere dies <sec> guarnere died of a ruptured aneurism ; he was 90 .  during the war , he earned the nickname `` wild bill '' .  `` he lived a good life ... .  he pretty much did everything he could have done , '' his son say .
 florida university fraternity suspended over facebook posts <sec> new : fraternity headquarters suspends chapter at florida international university .  school says it `` took prompt action and placed the fraternity on interim suspension '' .  screen grabs show posts that reference drugs and hazing .  the pi kappa alpha chapter at fiu has had past disciplinary problem .
 deadly blast hits near pakistan 's isi <sec> new : four soldiers , four children among the dead , a doctor says .  attack comes a day after three deadly attacks in lahore , peshawar and quetta .  lahore attack targeted crowded market , killing 54 and wounding more than 15 .
 kevin rudd , australia 's former prime minister , quits federal politics <sec> party infighting caused the labor party the prime ministership .  in 2009 , rudd formally apologized to the forgotten australian .
 deadly suicide blast , boko haram attack in nigeria <sec> state spokesman says boko haram fighters are forced out of town of damaturu .  explosions before dawn jolt residents out of their sleep as boko haram invades daaaturu .  in nearby city of maiduguri , at least six killed in suicide bombing .  local commander says female bomber targeted city 's market at 11:00 a.m .
 beatles museum opens in buenos aires <sec> the museum 's creator has been collecting memorabilia since he was age 10 .  his collection earns him a guinness world record in 2001 .  he says the museum is the first beatles museum in latin america .  the complex housing the museum also includes a replica of the bar where the beatles playe .
 thailand crisis : what 's happening on the ground in bangkok , and why <sec> escalating violence in bangkok as five confirmed dead on tuesday .  disputed election at beginning of february did little to pacify opposition .  military refuses to rule out intervention in face of worsening violence .  embattled interim pm yingluck shinawatra to be investigated over rice subsidie .
 mandela leads mourning after great-granddaughter 's funeral <sec> zenani mandela , 13 , was killed in a car wreck last week .  `` i should have whispered more in your ear 'i love you , ' '' mother says at memorial .  zenani thrilled by meeting soccer star cristiano ronaldo two days before she died .  former south african president , 91 , had 9 great-grandchildre .
 the 'standup scientist ' revealing the secret of laughter <sec> meet sophie scott , the `` standup scientist '' uncovering what makes us laugh .  discovered brain reacts differently to real and posed laughter .  speaker at ada lovelace day , female scientist believed to be first computer programmer .  laughter not confined to humans -- chimpanzees , orangutangs , and even rats laug .
 new york state remains no.3 in population , florida still gaining <sec> census estimate : florida , expected to overtake new york in population , remains no . .  4 .  the u.s. population estimate grew by about 2 million since the 2012 estimate .  recent data show growth patterns normalizing after the financial crisi .
 finland minister : bid to stem euro crisis is working <sec> finland 's european minister alexander stubb tells cnn europe 's debt crisis may be abating .  european commission president wants europe to become more unified .  but stubb says treaty change to solve the eurozone debt crisis is not the right approac .
 share your feelings ! how emotion maps will transform daily journey <sec> a uk team is creating a new platform for mapping people 's journey sentiments .  the goal is to combine social media data with other sources to improve commuting .  project developers say it would help transport operators understand passengers ' need .
 late llorente goal sets up all-spanish europa league final <sec> europa league final to be all-spanish clash between athletic bilbao and atletico madrid .  fernando llorente 's late goal helps bilbao beat sporting lisbon 4-3 on aggregate .  atletico win 1-0 away at valencia thanks to adrian 's goal to seal a 5-2 aggregate win .  the final will be held in romania 's capital bucharest on may .
 'slumdog ' wins best drama , three other globes <sec> `` slumdog millionaire '' wins best drama ; nets four total wins .  mickey rourke wins best actor in a drama for `` the wrestler '' .  kate winslet wins two golden globes -- one for actress , another for supporting .  heath ledger wins best supporting actor for `` the dark knight .
 behind the u.n. hoopla , a new agency for women emerges <sec> united nations consolidates agencies , creates group focused on women 's issues .  women 's advocates say previous agencies lacked clout .  roughly 60 percent of the world 's population living in poverty are women and girl .
 mexico braces for another unwelcome rendezvous with dean <sec> hurricane may strengthen to category 2 before its second landfall in mexico .  dean is expected to hit central mexico on wednesday .  mexico 's president cuts short a meeting in canada to return home .  downed power lines , damaged buildings in mexico , northern beliz .
 these are n't flowers , they are sculptures <sec> wim noorduin creates tiny sculptures through a chemical reaction .  he carefully manipulates variables to control the shapes which look like flowers .  noorduin 's nano-size bouquets also have serious applications in materials science researc .
 cnn exclusive : a 13-year-old witness to isis ' atrocities in syria <sec> cnn interviews 13-year-old boy who went to isis camp for children in northern syria .  the children at the camp witnessed lashings , stonings and crufixion , the boy says .  the boy 's father was told he would be beheaded if he did n't allow his son to attend the camp .
 marc webb is n't directing 'spider-man 4 ' <sec> marc webb is n't planning to direct the fourth `` amazing spider-man '' film .  he 's at the helm of the first three films , and would like to try something else .  he believes he might stick around as a consultant for the rest of the franchis .
 carroll hits double as liverpool defeat man city <sec> andy carroll scores his first liverpool goals in a 3-0 win over manchester city .  they are carroll 's first goals since his records transfer from newcastle in january .  dirk kuyt also scores as liverpool consolidate sixth place in the table .  manchester city remain fourth , just three points ahead of tottenham in fift .
 russia arrests asker sokht , leader of circassian ethnic minority <sec> asker sokht , a leader in circassian community , was arrested friday night .  circassians have protested against sochi olympics , held in their ancestral homeland .  they want russia to acknowledge the connection and a major battle in the area .  many circassians accuse 19th-century russia of genocide against their ancestor .
 leslie nielsen , goofball <sec> lewis beale says leslie nielsen pulled on-set pranks during `` naked gun '' shoots .  nielsen , who died sunday , came to goofball roles late in a career of playing stiff characters .  but he reveled in the new deadpan roles , a master at playing dolts , beale says .  beale : we 're lucky zucker , abrahams , zucker cast him in roles for which he was a natura .
 commentary : your spare change will feed the hungry and save lives <sec> drew barrymore : nourishment and education are fundamental rights .  she says a quarter a day will feed a child in africa and enable schooling .  barrymore : africa trips made concrete a problem that at first seemed too vas .
 battery life on the iphone 4s : the new 'death grip ' ? <sec> complaints about iphone 4s battery life mount .  some iphone owners say their batteries drain much faster than advertised .  apple has not publicly acknowledged the concerns .  comments on a post on apple 's support forums go for 185 page .
 where the buffalo roam -- and die <sec> harsh winter , hunting , annual cull cut yellowstone bison population in half .  annual winter slaughter halted because of large losses .  program intended to contain bison to park , protect cattle from disease .  advocates say ranchers exaggerate bison 's threat to livestoc .
 spitzer call girl sues 'girls gone wild ' <sec> ashley alexandra dupre says she posed nude after being plied with alcohol .  lawyer says she was 17 and so not of legal age to sign consent form .  `` girls gone wild '' founder says his company is n't worried .  dupre is call girl whose contact with spitzer led to his resignation as governo .
 how gop got catholicized <sec> timothy stanley : the republican party was once dominated by protestants .  he says catholics and catholic theology now play a key role in the gop .  stanley : conservative catholics have led the party 's social issues conversation .  he says social issues play a key role in primaries , due to catholic-evangelical allianc .
 cargo ship disabled off remote alaska islands reaches harbor tuesday <sec> new : disabled cargo ship and tow boat take long route to harbor because of rough seas .  the 738-foot golden seas freighter is carrying canola seeds , oil and diesel .  ship 's engine failed while traveling from vancouver , canada , to united arab emirate .
 producer of popular gun-related videos found fatally shot <sec> keith ratliff produced popular gun-related youtube videos .  he was found shot in the head in his home-office .  authorities say they are making progress in identifying the shoote .
 va deaths covered up to make statistics look better , whistle-blower says <sec> new whistle-blower alleges more wrongdoing at phoenix va hospital .  scheduling clerk : records changed , new requests for treatment stuffed in a drawer .  `` it 's beyond horrible , '' says pauline dewenter of the way veterans were handled .  it 's the latest revelation since cnn began investigating long va wait lists and death .
 imf chief calls for job creation in africa <sec> christine lagarde is the head of the international monetary fund .  she says job creation is a big challenge for africa 's growing economies .  lagarde discusses the changing power dynamics between the developed and developing world economies .  she calls african leaders to rebuild the buffers that had been used during the financial crisi .
 colleges offer 'social e ' classes <sec> `` feelgood world '' has 23 chapters on u.s. campuses .  students learn how to start social enterprises .  `` social entrepreneurship '' grows as a subject of study for u.s. college students .  harvard , columbia and stanford are among the universities offering `` social e '' course .
 we 've been hit before on home soil <sec> though attacks are still rare , americans know of terror attacks at home .  1993 and 2001 : world trade center attacked ; second attack is cataclysmic .  1995 : federal building in oklahoma city bombed , claiming 168 lives .  2009 : in fort hood , texas , 13 are killed in a hail of bullet .
 'argo ' recognizes forgotten heroes of iran hostage saga <sec> ben affleck has crafted a compelling middlebrow thriller -- easily a must-see film .  `` argo '' shows how western powers propped up the monarchy in iran until 1979 .  affleck plays cia `` exfiltration '' specialist who concocts unlikely plan to rescue six american .
 actor tracy morgan in critical condition after wreck , officials say <sec> truck driver charged in connection with the wreck .  comedian james `` jimmy mack '' mcnair was killed .  wreck happened on new jersey turnpike early saturday morning .  morgan , a former `` saturday night live '' cast member , was riding in a limo bu .
 fda : texas food plant tests positive for listeria <sec> fda says lab results at texas plant tested positive for listeria .  four people died after eating celery processed at sangar plant , officials say .  the company says it has cleaned facility , machines and imposed new protocol .
 valentine 's day : holiday from hell <sec> woman remembers one valentine 's day as `` black monday '' .  high expectations for day can come crashing down .  man ended valentine 's day in handcuffs with date puking .  skip gag gifts -- can of spam not a good gif .
 nadya suleman : i feel guilty every day of my life <sec> on tuesday 's `` oprah winfrey show , '' nadya suleman revealed what her life is like .  she said the media has both invaded her privacy and been a way to make money .  she said she never thought she would have 8 more kids , and doing so was a selfish choice .  suleman said she 's determined to take care of her family on her ow .
 boston , nyc face blizzard warnings as storm system barrels north <sec> new : delta joins other carriers in cancelling flights , with more likely to come sunday .  new : a blizzard watch is in effect for coastal new hampshire and maine .  southern new england and metro nyc have a blizzard warning for sunday and monday .  it 's all part of a storm system that 's causing travel headaches along the east coas .
 rupert murdoch : media magnate grilled on power , influence <sec> rupert murdoch denies giving politicians favorable coverage in return for commercial advantage .  he has `` never asked a prime minister for anything , '' he told a british inquiry into press ethics .  murdoch owns huge chunks of the british , american and australian media markets .  murdoch 's news corp. also faces tough questions in the united states and australi .
 ship loses more than 500 containers in heavy seas <sec> high wind and waves struck the svendborg maersk in the bay of biscay last week .  about 520 containers were unaccounted for after the ship arrived at a spanish port .  such rogue containers can pose a danger to shipping and pollute the environment .  a proposal put to a maritime group calls for containers to be weighed before loadin .
 why subsidize wealthy college kids ? <sec> students have protested increases in public university tuition fees .  william tierney says taxpayers are balking at paying more to finance colleges .  he says that means more affluent students will have to pay more .  why should fees for well-off students be so much lower at berkeley than at stanford .
 three exonerated in central park jogger case speak <sec> three of five men wrongfully convicted in central park rape speak of loss .  the 1989 crime polarized new york city along racial lines , and sent the five to prison .  in 2002 , a serial rapist and murderer confessed to the crime and said he had acted alone .  a tearful kevin richardson says , `` all we wanted to tell you all was that we did n't do it .
 review : secretariat 'insistently square ' <sec> `` secretariat '' is a disney sports drama about the racehorse who won the triple crown in 1973 .  when secretariat is running his races , the movie has a hokey , old-fashioned appeal .  director randall wallace aims for the christian demographic that supported `` the blind side .
 the screening room 's top ten songs in movies <sec> call of the open road : the opening scenes of `` easy rider '' with `` born to be wild '' .  iggy pop lends his pop culture cool to the start of `` trainspotting '' .  scorsese adds gravitas to a murder spree with `` layla '' in `` goodfellas '' .  mr . .  blond lops off an ear to some bubblegum pop in `` reservoir dogs .
 form for student loans will become shorter <sec> fafsa has been dreaded for its complexity and length .  department of education will cut out more than a quarter of the questions .  the online version will be slashed from 30 screens down to just 10 .  changes to the fafsa will take effect for the 2010-2011 school yea .
 transgender military ban must be lifted ( opinion ) <sec> shannon minter : `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' gone , but military still bans transgender people .  minter : 15,500 transgender people in the military must hide or they will get kicked out .  minter : careers are ruined ; talent and training lost . .  policy change would not be difficult .  minter : obama could end the firing of transgender service members and drop the ba .
 accused cat killer took anatomy class , police say <sec> police : tyler weinman described research he did on finding cats to dissect .  affidavit : 18-year-old laughed when police asked him about being the cat killer .  weinman is charged with 19 counts of animal cruelty and is on house arres .
