 oknoplast sees europe ' s window of opportunity <sec> poland has been a success story amongst the transition economies , proving resilient to recession .  oknoplast 's annual turnover topped $ 120 million last year but exports have come under pressure .  the eu flag flying outside the factory reflects placek 's ambitious outlook for the busines .
 moderates to blame for gop losses , conservative leader says <sec> new : conservative argues gop must again become party of smaller government .  family research council official says conservatives always beat moderates .  gop should champion conservative values like those of ronald reagan , he says .  conservatives trying to rebuild movement in all 50 state .
 3 dead after bus carrying teens crashes in indianapolis <sec> new : deacon says youth pastor , his wife and a chaperone among three dead in bus crash .  new : more than a dozen of teen passengers hospitalized , official says .  the bus was headed to church after returning from michigan camp , mayor says .  driver told witnesses brakes failed , fire department official say .
 mayor : bullet that struck el paso woman possibly came from juarez <sec> a woman in downtown el paso was struck in the leg by a bullet tuesday .  el paso police are treating the incident as if the bullet came from juarez .  it occurred at about the same time as a shootout between juarez police and carjackers .  at least four schools in el paso went into lockdown after reports of the shootin .
 'lost ' interview shows charming , cranky side of steve jobs <sec> `` steve jobs : the lost interview '' is based on a 1995 interview taped for pbs .  most of the 69-minute interview was never aired .  in it , jobs talks about adobe , microsoft and his ouster from apple .  the interview is now playing in a handful of movie theater .
 opinion : 'white moms ' remark hurts fight for better schools <sec> education secretary caught flak calling opponents of standards `` white suburban moms '' .  kathleen porter-magee : his comments distract from serious consideration of common core .  she says standards are more rigorous than before for proficiency , which upsets many .  but she says expectations for students have been too low for them to succee .
 'bachelorette ' deals with death of eric hill <sec> andi dorfman learned of eric hill 's death on monday 's episode .  she broke down sobbing .  the show 's host defended the episod .
 yusuf , formerly cat stevens , brings good vibes <sec> yusuf , formerly cat stevens , has new album : `` roadsinger '' .  after big success in '70s , he converted to islam , shut down career for a time .  `` i 'm very much an optimist , '' yusuf say .
 china launches first space docking mission <sec> new : china launches the space lab module tiangong-1 , which means `` heavenly palace '' in chinese .  the 8.5-ton module is part of an experiment to test space rendezvous and docking capabilities .  china sent its first astronaut into space in 2003 , part of a `` three-step '' strategy to develop a space statio .
 poll : americans place blame for partisanship <sec> sixty-seven percent of respondents say gop not doing enough to help president obama .  fifty-two percent say obama is not doing enough to cooperate with gop , poll says .  fifty-four percent say democrats should take the first step toward bipartisan solution .
 winter storm predictions <sec> new york city spared worst of winter storm .  adam sobel : officials still right to be cautiou .
 boston marathon bombing heroes : running to help <sec> new : wounded woman searches for her personal hero , tyler .  nfl 's joe andruzzi downplays carrying a victim to triage tent .  carlos arredondo , at the boston marathon to honor his late son , helped a man survive .  dr. vivek shah was finishing the race ; he and other medical professionals rushed to hel .
 supreme court wo n't hear broader legal challenge to obamacare <sec> the appeal turned aside on monday involved the law 's employer mandate .  it was the second time the justices refused to hear matter .  liberty university has had a long-running appeal of affordable care act .  court will hear related appeals of companies and contraceptive coverag .
 british actor stephen fry gets married <sec> british actor , 57 , ties the knot at a private ceremony .  earlier this month , fry talked about his upcoming nuptial .
 u.s. contractor jailed in cuba in court settlement with company - cnnpolitics.com <sec> state department contractor alan gross , wife sued company and u.s. government .  settlement only includes company that hired him on state department contract .  gross jailed in cuba for smuggling banned satellite communications equipment .  state department says that gross is not a spy and has urged his releas .
 truck of the future aims to drive itself <sec> driver can surf the internet or read while future truck 2025 does the work .  but the trucker is ultimately responsible , and has to pass slow vehicles by hand .  mercedes envisions truckers of the futures acting as `` transport managers .
 islamists claim election advantage in morocco <sec> the islamist justice and development party wins more seats than any other party .  observers call the election transparent .  hillary clinton congratulates morrocans on the `` successful '' elections .  constitutional reforms were approved by referendum in jul .
 fort hood shooting hearing opens , then adjourns <sec> suspect nidal hasan wears his army uniform and a knit cap as he is wheeled into court .  the presiding officer rejects a defense request to exclude the public from the hearing .  hasan is charged with 13 murder counts .  the hearing will determine if hasan is court-martialed , which could lead to death penalt .
 floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao : social media fight <sec> floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao bout set to be the largest purse in boxing history .  fighters take to social media to boost viewership .  instagram accounts highlight personality clas .
 babe ruth hat sells for $ 300k <sec> hat worn by baseball great babe ruth during 1934 tour of japan is sold at auction .  also sold : a joe dimaggio hat , sneakers michael jordan wore in college .  another sports memorabilia site is offering a babe ruth rookie card for $ 695 .
 do men who help out get luckier ? <sec> any spouse appreciates a little help around the house , but does it lead to sex ? .  a study published in the american sociological review says chores can result in 'getting lucky ' .  men who do 'masculine ' chores at home get more sex than men who do n't , the study say .
 at least 33 killed in 24 hours of violence in pakistani city <sec> several gunmen open fire on a former federal lawmaker .  police suspect the gunmen targeted the member of the ruling pakistan peoples party .  karachi tackles years of ethnic and political violenc .
 former 'scandal ' actor pleads not guilty to assault charge <sec> short is accused of punching and knocking out a restaurant patron .  his wife accused him of threatening her .  he is set to appear in court again on june .
 obama says government should stop collecting , holding bulk phone data <sec> new : initial industry reaction to the proposed changes is largely lukewarm .  data should stay with phone companies , president says .  court approval would be required before the government could obtain phone records .  the white house plan would need congressional approva .
 obama pitches agenda to business leaders <sec> president barack obama is scheduled to meet with the business roundtable group .  obama is pitching his administration 's economic achievements .  he 's taking questions and looking for support from business leaders .  business leaders have found some common ground with obama on issues like taxe .
 zimbabwe health service in 'state of collapse , ' doctors say <sec> main hospitals in harare stops taking patients due to medicine shortage .  doctors group : mugabe 's govt . .  responsible for recent cholera epidemic .  zimbabwe ask group headed by ex-u.n. chief kofi annan to postpone visit .  state-owned newspaper calls visit a `` partisan '' attempt to boost the oppositio .
 ahmed shafik : egypt 's 'counter-revolutionary candidate ' <sec> ahmed shafik was hosni mubarak 's last prime minister .  he 's a former air force officer with deep ties to the establishment .  his campaign is using facebook and youtube to show he 's a man of the people .  he successfully appealed against a ruling barring him from runnin .
 the legacy of donna summer , america 's disco queen , is lasting <sec> new : success by her mid-20s was tough and `` always a surprise , '' summer said in 2003 .  donna summer helped defined the disco genre of the 1970s .  later , she broke out of the disco mold , showing her vocal and stylistic range .  in 2003 , she wrote a memoir about her highs and lows , including suicidal thought .
 democratic candidate does n't want harry reid in charge <sec> weiland said he would vote against reid for the party 's leadership .  the statement comes after reid reportedly opposed weiland 's candidac .
 friends ' plan to swim english channel in limbo over visa <sec> college teammates want to swim english channel for charity , international harmony .  swim was to happen between now and august 6 , but one denied visa to britain .  usman javaid , an ohio student from pakistan , says u.k. questioned student status .  javaid reapplies for visa , waits for decisio .
 when home is where the heart is n't <sec> kat kinsman 's parents moved from the kentucky house where she grew up .  kinsman : `` they feel freed . .  ... .  i am thrilled for them -- and yet unexpectedly adrift '' .  they sent objects from childhood , which began to pile up on her desk at wor .
 bush twins offer advice to sasha , malia obama <sec> bush twins tell new first kids not to let sketches , skits of dad get to them .  jenna , barbara bush tell them to embrace every opportunity .  twins talk of playing house , hide-and-seek in historic white house .  girls say to slide down solarium banister , trick-or-treat on plane if away from hom .
 sierra leone is overwhelmed , ebola health worker says <sec> sierra leone , guinea and liberia are at the center of an ebola outbreak .  a man hospitalized in saudi arabia has symptoms of a viral hemorrhagic fever .  a nigerian doctor was diagnosed with ebola after treating a ebola patient there .  that diagnosis comes three weeks after a liberian-american man died from viru .
 new monkey discovered <sec> new monkey discovery is only second such find in 28 years .  lesula , or cercopithecus lomamiensi , lives in remote forests of dr congo .  the find began with luck when a field team saw a strange monkey in a remote town .  it took three years to confirm the monkey was actually a new specie .
 millions of accounts compromised in snapchat hack <sec> a hacker group says it accessed info for 4.6 million snapchat users .  the group , snapchatdb , urged the app to tighten security .  they said the last two digits in phone numbers were blurred .  snapchat lets users share photos and video .
 polygamist leader faces new sex assault charge <sec> warren jeffs indicted on second texas sexual assault charge in four months .  grand jury also indicts three other members of polygamous sect .  charges stem from probe of sect 's ranch outside eldorado , texas .  jeffs convicted in utah of accomplice to rape for role in member 's marriage to tee .
 turkey meat producer announces a second recall <sec> cargill meat solutions corp. recalls 185,000 pounds of ground turkey meat products .  last month , the company recalled 36 million pounds of ground turkey products .  the same strain of bacteria is responsible for both recall .
 country singer aims to break down barriers <sec> singer rissi palmer has had a grammy acceptance speech ready since she was 12 .  song off debut album made her the first black female to hit country charts in 20 years .  palmer says her mother always loved country music and she likes telling stories .  performer tells atlanta students : `` anything you want to do , you can do it .
 u.s. officials unveil videos of bin laden <sec> one video appears to be a home video of bin laden .  another is a message to the united states .  officials say the dna evidence is unquestionable -- it 's bin lade .
 vatican says sex abuse suit lacks merit <sec> some lawsuits legitimate , but not this one , vatican lawyer says .  illinois man accuses catholic church , pope benedict xvi of covering up abuse .  plaintiff says he was molested by priest at wisconsin school for the dea .
 amnesty : iran frees american-born grad student <sec> amnesty : esha momeni 's parents gave iranian government deed to their house .  momeni shooting footage for project on iranian women 's movement when arrested .  fellow student tells paper momeni `` determined to better the lives '' of iranians .  momeni could still be charged with propaganda against the state , amnesty say .
 fire at antarctica station kills 2 brazilian sailors <sec> fire breaks out at brazilian research site in antarctica .  two sailors are killed , one injured .  nation remains committed to climate , other researc .
 man who 'd been set to testify against 'whitey ' bulger found dead <sec> stephen rakes , 59 , is found dead in a boston-area town .  rakes recently was dropped from a list of potential witnesses against james `` whitey '' bulger .  he had no obvious signs of trauma ; police are investigating , da 's office says .  rakes had alleged bulger , a reputed former boston mob boss , took his store from hi .
 alaskans don masks as once-sleepy volcano spews ash <sec> new : interior secretary : total of five `` explosive events '' recorded at mount redoubt .  geologists expect `` explosive activity for the next weeks or months '' .  with the eruption , mudflows are possible on the drift and crescent rivers .  volcano last erupted in december 1989 and continued for month .
 airports security gap ? most workers not screened daily <sec> most airport workers not subject to daily security screenings , a cnn investigation finds .  only two major u.s. airports regularly screen all employees .  this issue will be discussed at a house homeland security subcommittee hearin .
 one way to defeat the nra <sec> ethan bueno de mesquita , jens ludwig : use behavioral economics to fight the nra .  mesquita , ludwig : the key is to turn a single action into a long-term commitment .  one way is for people to sign up for automatic deductions to a fund that reduces nra 's clout .  mesquita , ludwig : through such an action , america may see true policy changes on gun contro .
 israel : two soldiers wounded in strike from egypt <sec> female officer , male soldier hurt in attack by suspected jihadist militants , israeli military says .  the wounded soldiers have been taken to a hospital .  the troops were injured `` by fire directed at them from egypt , '' israeli military say .
 july on inside the middle east <sec> inside the middle east gets an aerial view of a sculpture park in cappadocia , turkey .  istanbul 's cihangir neighborhood has an up-and-coming cultural scene .  festival mawazine is a celebration of world music held in rabat , morocco .  inside the middle east meets the palestinian female race-car driver .
 heart-eating video raises pressure to end syrian war <sec> a video showing a syrian rebel eating the heart of a dead soldier circulated the internet .  simon tisdall : the video may `` inflict long-term damage '' on the syrian opposition 's reputation .  human rights watch says war criminals should be punished and such abuses prevented .  the u.s. and britain continue to debate whether to arm the rebel .
 obama vows 'relentless ' response to oil spill <sec> new : president obama briefed on procedures used to cap well , impact of the spill .  new : `` we will spare no resource to clean up whatever damage is caused , '' obama says .  gov . .  bobby jindal : residents can see the spill , which bp could not contain last week .  venice and port fourchon expected to be the first areas affecte .
 buzz aldrin : next stop , mars <sec> astronaut buzz aldrin stood on the talcum-like dust of the moon 45 years ago .  he says all he loved lay on a faraway , fragile blue sphere engulfed by blackness .  aldrin : let 's join an international private-public sector effort to develop the moon .  but for america , he says , we must pursue permanent human presence on mar .
 new chapter in castaway alvarenga 's tale : keeping promise to companion <sec> jose salvador alvarenga travels back to mexico to visit his companion 's family .  the castaway 's survival at sea grabbed global attention ; his companion perished .  alvarenga tells the fellow fisherman 's mother his final words .  mother : `` i 'm very happy to see him again .
 mexico 's 'queen of the pacific ' released from prison <sec> sandra ávila beltrán , known as `` the queen of the pacific , '' leaves prison .  a judge ruled in favor of her appeal last week .  she has been accused of drug trafficking but never convicte .
 quest : scandal-hit strauss-kahn 's struggle with public life <sec> cnn 's richard quest has interviewed dominique strauss-kahn many times , but this time the agenda was different .  quest discovered strauss-kahn was a man who had struggled with aspects of public life .  strauss-kahn knew his place in history would be defined by his sexual liaison with a maid in new york .  but , after being hit by scandal , strauss-kahn is unafraid of his life 's next twis .
 anger sweeps haitian capital despite calls for calm in election unrest <sec> new : at least one person is dead in post-election violence .  mobs burn the headquarters of the government-backed candidate .  protesters face off against u.n. troops .  the airport in port-au-prince is shut down ; american airlines cancels haitian flight .
 justice ginsburg 's husband dies of cancer complications <sec> martin ginsburg was washington lawyer , law professor .  wife ruth ginsburg joined supreme court in 1993 .  couple celebrated wedding anniversary four days ago .  martin ginsburg had been ill with cance .
 touring america 's best little beach towns <sec> the great american beach town is democratic , conscious that the sand belongs to all .  sunset beach , hawaii is the capital of surfing , but becomes idle during the summer .  the former roosevelt summer home on campobello island is now an international park .  gulf shores , alabama beaches are known for nights when seafood flops up on the beach .
 samsung exec : our tablet is 'inadequate ' <sec> samsung 's mobile vp made remarkably candid remarks about company 's 10.1-inch galaxy tab .  the ipad 2 's pricing might force samsung to lower the price of its tablet .  apple has set the price for its tablet in the $ 499- $ 829 rang .
 obama challenges cabinet to cut $ 100 million in expenses <sec> new : president obama says , `` we 've got to earn [ the public 's ] trust '' .  new : obama meets with cabinet to discuss how agencies can cuts costs .  agencies will have to report how they saved on expenses after 90 days .  critics say $ 100 million in savings is a small amoun .
 spaceshiptwo crash : branson : space travel worth risks <sec> virgin galactic founder lauds test pilot killed as an `` extremely brave man '' .  the other pilot , who was injured , is alert and talking with his family and doctors , company says .  a lever on the virgin galactic spaceshiptwo was moved earlier than it should have been .  but the ntsb says the cause of the accident is still unclea .
 goydos makes history in pga tour event <sec> veteran american paul goydos cards a 12-under-par 59 in the john deere classic .  the 46-year-old becomes the fourth player to achieve the feat in pga tour history .  the californian is the first player to break the milestone on a par-71 course .  irishman darren clarke cards a six-under-par 65 to lead the scottish open at loch lomon .
 'orange is the new black ' season 2 : what 's the verdict ? <sec> season 2 of `` orange is the new black '' is available on netflix .  the reviewer draws comparisons between the show and charles dickens .  the second season receives an `` a '' grad .
 jules bianchi 'did not slow sufficiently ' before crash , says fia <sec> jules bianchi suffered head injuries after crash at japanese grand prix .  fia published 396-page report into accident wednesday .  bianchi currently in french hospital .  french driver 's marussia team folded in novembe .
 anne hathaway : authenticity more important than being pretty <sec> anne hathaway talks with instyle magazine about her new movie and self-acceptance .  hathaway wanted to do `` alice in wonderland '' when she heard tim burton was directing .  she says she 's come to accept what she looks like , says authenticity is more important .  hathaway does n't dish on her love life but says she 's enjoying hersel .
