 cliff deal hollow victory for american people <sec> david rothkopf : fiscal cliff deal resolves little , shows how broken political system is .  rothkopf : cbo says deal adds $ 4 trillion to deficits ; it only postpones sequestration cuts .  he says debate on cuts will come just as congress debates debt ceiling .  rothkopf : two-party system no longer able to unite around objective .
 how to tell if someone is lying <sec> lying experts share their tips for catching a fib .  if his manner shifts abruptly , chances are he 's lying , says retired fbi criminal profiler .  people who lie use `` i '' and `` me '' less often than people who tell the trut .
 gatlin continues comeback with victory <sec> justin gatlin made it three wins from three races sinces his return to athletics .  the former olympic champion sprints to victory in a 100 meter contest in tallinn .  the 28-year-old is having to compete at smaller venues following his four-year ban .  gatlin made his return to competitive athletics with two wins in rakvere on tuesda .
 helping children 'stomp the worm ' <sec> aaron jackson , a 2007 cnn hero , has helped millions of children get dewormed .  he has teamed up with actor rainn wilson to spread awareness about parasites .  jackson 's group also provides homes for orphans in haiti and india .  jackson : help us deworm 1 million children a mont .
 cola with your merlot ? 5 chinese wine myths debunked <sec> wine experts examine some of the myths about wine drinking in china .  china has no wine-making tradition but is now the world 's largest market for red wine .  they say tastes are growing more sophisticated , with wine drinkers exploring new flavors .  china is developing its own wines although climate and soil conditions are toug .
 woman immigrant in same-sex marriage wo n't be deported <sec> a court ruling takes away the threat of deportation for a woman in a same-sex marriage .  monica alcota 's `` strong moral character , family presence , and deep ( community ) ties '' are cited .  `` now we can make plans , and we have all the time in the world , '' cristina ojeda say .
 'x-men ' producer says channing tatum will play gambit <sec> gambit will be joining the franchise .  producer says tatum is a `` rogue '' .  there are a few options for bringing the actor i .
 disposing of our throwaway culture <sec> europeans find it cheaper to throw away rather than fix electrical products .  electrical products are europe 's fastest growing form of waste .  durable products reduce energy needed to manufacture new ones .  sustainable design products have low carbon footprints and use little energ .
 german police seize terror suspects on flight <sec> police board klm flight in cologne early friday to arrest suspects .  two suspects said to be somali man , 23 and german born in somalia , 24 .  police say `` farewell '' letters found from the me .
 arafat 's widow challenges french finding of 'natural cause ' death <sec> `` he did not die from a natural death , '' suha arafat said tuesday .  she says the findings by french scientists contract those of swiss scientists .  the french findings conclude yasser arafat was not poisoned with polonium-210 .  last month , swiss scientists said there was evidence of polonium in sample .
 8 religious wonders to see in the u.s . <sec> some beautiful and historic u.s. religious sites are scattered across the country .  new york 's st. patrick 's cathedral and temple emanu-el were european inspired .  with their exotic designs , palace of gold and hsi lai temple seem to belong in asi .
 grit and glamor : the magic of monaco <sec> formula one 's monaco grand prix will take place in the principality on sunday .  the race around the narrow , winding street circuit is one of f1 's most famous .  seven-time michael schumacher won the race on five occasions between 1994 and 2001 .  the german can equal the late ayrton senna 's record of six monaco wins this weeken .
 comedian brian regan keeps it clean <sec> brian regan has become a top-ranked comedian by keeping material clean .  regan 's humor is observational , focuses on everyday life .  one inspiration for comedy career was being able to sleep in , regan says .  `` comedy is a good way to deal with anything , '' regan say .
 police : florida man linked to 1 million child porn videos , images <sec> john edward shearen , 51 , is charged with possessing and distributing child pornography .  agents find 500,000 to 1 million videos and images on devices in his florida apartment .  pieces of children 's clothing were also found in shearen 's apartment in leesbur .
 steinem 's message to girls around the world <sec> gloria steinem writes an open letter to girls of the world .  cnn films ' `` girl rising '' premieres june 1 .
 van persie in arsenal squad for nou camp showdown <sec> robin van persie has been named in arsenal 's squad for their match at barcelona .  van persie picked up a knee injury in arsenal 's carling cup final defeat to birmingham .  arsene wenger says cesc fabregas has a `` 90 % '' chance of playing in the match .  barcelona will be without defensive duo carles puyol and gerard piqu .
 brazilian polio survivor who has lived 43 years in a hospital <sec> paulo henrique machado has lived most his 43 years in a sao paulo hospital bed .  machado contracted polio as an infant ; his mother died soon after his birth .  machado and his roommate , eliana zagui , have become inspirations to others with paralysi .
 relatives of harry potter actress charged in attack <sec> father , brother of harry potter actress to appear in court this month .  both charged with threatning to kill afshan azad ; brother charged with assault .  azad has played padma patil in four harry potter movies .  alleged attack happened may 2 .
 report alleges victoria 's secret linked to child labor <sec> a bloomberg report says fair-trade cotton has brought `` fresh incentives for exploitation '' .  the company that owns victoria 's secret vows to investigate the child labor allegation .  the u.s. labor department says more than a dozen countries use child labor in cotton production .  the company says its program is aimed at helping some of the world 's poorest wome .
 chemical weapons in syria : how did we get here ? <sec> unrest in syria started after children were arrested for anti-government graffiti .  outrage over arrests spiraled into protests that fueled an opposition movement .  the white house has said chemical weapons are a game changer .  russia is standing by syria , its longtime all .
 cupp : what hillary clinton left out on email issue <sec> s.e . .  cupp : at press conference , hillary clinton insists there was nothing amiss with her use of personal email while secretary of state .  clinton is not invulnerable : she risks losing democratic and independent voters , who abandoned her in 2008 , she says .  cupp : she should have assured them that the rules do apply to her , that transparency and accountability matte .
 nfl 's merriman arrested , accused of choking tila tequila <sec> new : merriman 's attorney says nfl player did n't assault tila tequila .  police : tila `` tequila '' nguyen alleges nfl 's shawne merriman choked her .  incident allegedly happened as she tried to leave merriman 's home , police say .  nguyen starred in mtv 's `` a shot at love with tila tequila .
 dhs chief : isis a `` very significant potential threat '' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> jeh johnson says isis is a `` very significant potential threat '' to the homeland .  johnson is the secretary of the department of homeland security .  he says at least 100 americans have tried to go fight with isis in syria .  officials have a `` reasonably good sense '' of who those americans ar .
 kevorkian : 'i have no regrets ' <sec> dr. jack kevorkian says he has assisted in the suicide of at least 130 people .  kevorkian prefers the term `` patholysis , '' destruction of disease or suffering .  says his case was a constitutional issue ; supreme court should have heard it .  tells dr. sanjay gupta , `` i am not ready to die . .
 obama , romney face big hurdle in town-hall format : unpredictability <sec> president barack obama and mitt romney struggle in settings that are less predictable .  obama will have to squelch professorial tone . .  romney will have to show he can relate to voters .  previous presidential candidates have also tripped up in town halls .  obama can use likability , romney can use dignity to gain edg .
 10 ways to sexy hair <sec> gisele bündchen 's mane man harry josh explains how to re-create her style .  tossing hair back while showing the palm of your hand `` is mysterious '' .  next time you reach for a ponytail holder , think sexy secretary .  tucking your hair behind your ears is juvenile and unappealin .
 julia gillard : admired abroad , vilified at home <sec> australian pm 's labor party voted her out of its leadership for former premier kevin rudd .  monica attard : julia gillard was `` a leader under siege '' when she called for a leadership ballot .  gillard 's strength of character was on display throughout her leadership , writes attard .  the first female premier placed sexism firmly on the agenda , says attar .
 puma deals boosts arsenal 's transfer kitty <sec> arsenal and puma announce biggest commercial deal in companies ' history .  arsenal chief executive hugely confident on new deal for coach arsene wenger .  ivan gazidis says puma deal will aid transfers and help club compete with europe 's bes .
 are free-range eggs safer ? <sec> two food safety experts : check egg recall list , and throw out or return implicated eggs .  be cautious dealing with both conventional or free-range/cage-free eggs .  salmonella has multiple potential modes of spreading .  tips : buy eggs from refrigerated case ; do n't eat raw eggs ; cook until whites , yolks are fir .
 bush signs stimulus bill ; rebate checks expected in may <sec> president bush signs $ 152 billion economic stimulus bill .  congress passed the bipartisan bill last week .  plan would send rebate checks up to $ 600 for individuals and $ 1,200 for couples .  treasury secretary henry paulson says irs should mail checks by early ma .
 homemade haunts offer cheap thrills for the whole neighborhood <sec> homeowners take joy in transforming property into halloween attractions .  haunted hollow in upstate new york hosts thousands of visitors each year for free .  andrew adkins made each of the 17 creatures on his lawn in ohio by hand .  `` i love halloween . .  it 's just like christmas , '' he say .
 suspect arrested after photos of slain woman posted <sec> suspect arrested near portland .  david michael kalac , 33 , is accused of killing his girlfriend , amber lynn coplin .  `` outside of a terrorist attack this is as serious as you can get , '' an official say .
 marijuana mom and the cannabis kid <sec> diane irwin sold her hair salon so she and her son could begin a marijuana-growing operation .  jason irwin once sold marijuana illegally ; now he has a patient card and dispensary .  irwins set up shop in june in rural colorado , between two fellow marijuana farmers .  jason irwin wants to model marijuana businesses after whole foods and starbuck .
 'think like a man ' halts the 'hunger games ' train with $ 33 mil <sec> `` think like a man '' debuted with $ 33 million at the box office this weekend .  the film was produced for just $ 13 million .  zac efron 's `` the lucky one '' came in secon .
 opinion : end secrecy in lethal injections <sec> on thursday , ohio will execute a man by using drugs never before used in lethal injection .  elisabeth semel : lethal injection is bad enough , why shroud the process in secrecy ? .  she says we need more public input or oversight on states ' execution practices .  semel : condemned prisoners may suffer agonizing pain before deat .
 drone strikes kill 5 suspected al qaeda fighters in yemen , officials say <sec> the strikes targeted militants in shabwa province , officials say .  other militants are still hiding in the area , one official says .  the u.s. considers al qaeda in the arabian peninsula one of the most dangerous group .
 remy replaces niang at marseille ; squillaci sought by arsenal <sec> young france international striker loic remy joins french champions marseille .  the 23-year-old had been targeted by several english clubs after starring for nice .  spanish side sevilla tell arsenal to improve bid for france defender sebastien squillaci .  croatia international nikica jelavic is poised to join scottish champions ranger .
 u.s. wants to know how isis recruited 3 denver teens <sec> u.s. using case of 3 denver teens as chance to study isis recruiting methods , officials say .  the girls skipped school and planned to fly to turkey to join isis , authorities say .  uk spy chief says isis uses such platforms as twitter , facebook and whatsap .
 creating 9/11 memorials a slow process <sec> world trade center memorial plaza scheduled to open in 2011 , museum in 2012 .  memorial at pennsylvania plane crash site also due to open in 2011 .  pentagon memorial including benches , trees , pools is dedicated thursday .  watch 9/11 memorials in new york and washington on cnn.com liv .
 woman involved in petrino scandal resigns , gets $ 14,000 settlement <sec> jessica dorrell resigns her position at university of arkansas .  dorrell had a consensual relationship with school 's former football coach bobby petrino .  dorrell will receive $ 14,000 as part of a financial settlement with the universit .
 tokyo : what to see <sec> stylish ginza is the place to go for flagship stores and quality restaurants .  get yourself to the tsukiji fish market for 5 a.m. to see it in full swing .  the meiji shrine inner gardens provide a beautiful setting for the shrine itself .  mori art museum is a winning combination of modern art and stunning view .
 father quizzed about missing gas cans in casey anthony trial <sec> acquaintance recalls casey anthony saying , `` i 'm such a good liar '' .  george anthony testifies about missing gas cans .  duct tape on the gas cans appears to match that on caylee anthony 's remains .  casey anthony is accused of killing her 2-year-old daughter in 200 .
 study : size matters when it comes to football <sec> research at a uk university finds taller footballers more likely to succeed .  study finds successful teams have taller and younger players .  professor alan nevill recommends talent scouts seek tall recruit .
 'chaos : ' gunman ambushes , kills two firefighters at new york blaze <sec> as shots rang out , a wounded firefighter reported `` 2 doas '' on the street .  investigators believe the gunman set a trap for the firefighters who responded .  william spengler , who killed his grandmother decades ago , was found dead .  seven houses were destroyed in what police described as an `` inferno .
 web site dedicated to cold cases , finding missing persons <sec> web site www.namus.gov was launched in january .  site is intended to help authorities and families unravel mysteries .  an estimated 40,000 dead in the u.s. remain unidentified .  comprehensive database also can assist in locating missing adult .
 ashraf ghani sworn in as afghanistan 's president <sec> two attacks kill eight police on day new president takes the oath of office .  one of the attacks killed four officers a few miles from the presidential palace .  ashraf ghani succeeds hamid karzai , who was in power for 13 years .  ghani 's swearing-in comes after the recent resolution of a lengthy dispute with his riva .
 terrorists slip through big security breaches in france <sec> security will need to be increased or totally reviewed , expert and analysts tell cnn .  author : is the u.s. is more able than france to monitor french jihadis on french territory ? .  another expert says sheer numbers favor the jihadis at the momen .
 mom : boy charged with killing father 'loved his dad ' <sec> mother : son rarely in trouble outside of incidents like speaking out of turn in class .  boy will be allowed home for holidays , has asked to watch `` kung fu panda '' movie .  boy is suspected in two shooting deaths , but prosecutors look to drop one charge .  the 8-year-old is scared , in `` cell by himself '' but visits often with mother , she say .
 jack white abruptly ends radio city show after 55 minutes <sec> jack white ended the show at radio city music hall after only playing for about 55 minutes .  white stuck mostly to his new material with a high-energy take on `` sixteen saltines '' .  he made an announcement before leaving ; some wondered if it was intermissio .
 florida 's tourism gets a boost from a brazilian invasion <sec> officials say 1.5 million brazilians will head to the u.s. in 2012 -- most of them to florida .  brazilians outnumbered all other international travelers to florida last year .  president obama hopes to speed up the visa approval process for countries like brazil .  brazil is the fifth largest market for the u.s. travel and tourism industr .
 lydia ko : teen prodigy on course for golfing glory after historic lpga win <sec> lydia ko became youngest-ever winner in lpga tour history at canadian women 's open .  ko , 15 , became lpga tour 's fifth-ever amateur champion -- its first since 1969 .  ko also won u.s. women 's amateur in ohio and new south wales open at australian lpga this year .  ko plans to maintain amateur status for time bein .
 adele 's new album not due until 2015 <sec> a new album from adele wo n't arrive in 2014 .  the singer was thought to be working on a release for this year .  however , a financial report from her record label indicates otherwis .
 military widow honors husband in marine corps marathon run <sec> widow runs marathons to remember fallen medic .  sgt . .  david jimenez almazan became u.s. citizen after death .  nearly 22,000 people finished popular marine corps maratho .
 world cup 5 things : you 'll need two screens today <sec> monday brings two sets of two matches played at the same time .  in 1982 , algeria was denied a round of 16 appearance after a shady match .  fifa looks into pictures of white men with black faces .  slumping lions appear to be easy prey for brazi .
 hamilton disqualified from australian grand prix <sec> world champion lewis hamilton has been disqualified from the australian gp .  stewards say hamilton and mclaren team presented `` misleading '' evidence .  hamilton was involved in incident with toyota driver jarno trulli in melbourn .
 formula one : ferrari wave the white flag ? <sec> ferrari will prioritize 2014 campaign for the rest of this season .  ferrari 's fernando alonso trails sebastian vettel by 60 points in the drivers ' standings .  vettel 's win at the singapore grand prix was his seventh of 2013 .  the red bull driver is bidding for a fourth consecutive world championshi .
 journalists trapped in libya 's rixos hotel wait ... and hope <sec> new : cnn 's matthew chance at the hotel warns other journalists not to come .  about 35 journalists , including from cnn , are trapped there .  they prowl the hall ways with giant paintings of moammar gadhafi staring down at them .  they sleep in hallways to avoid whizzing bullet .
 milwaukee outfielder ryan braun suspended for 2013 season <sec> brewers outfielder ryan braun admits to wrongdoing and apologizes .  the 29-year-old faced suspension for a drug violation last year .  he disputed the testing process , and the suspension was overturned .  braun : `` i realize now that i have made some mistakes .
 cancer nearly dashed olympic swimmer 's dream <sec> olympic swimmer eric shanteau found out about his cancer in june .  he delayed treatment so he could compete in the games in beijing .  testicular cancer will be diagnosed in about 1 in 300 men in their lifetime .  he plans to compete in the 2009 world swimming championship in rom .
 alaska airlines pilot loses consciousness midair ; flight diverted <sec> new : captain most likely had food poisoning or the flu , airline says .  flight 473 from los angeles to seattle was diverted to portland , oregon .  the captain lost consciousness midair , alaska airlines says .  first officer took over the flight , the airline say .
 john edwards sex tape to be destroyed after settlement reached <sec> john edwards ' ex-mistress had sued his former aide for invasion of privacy .  a settlement between them was reached and signed thursday by a n.c. judge .  copies of a sex tape showing the ex-mistress and edwards will be destroyed .  the aide and his wife admit no liability , and there is no monetary settlemen .
 white house fence jumper has mental problems , dad says <sec> new : this is the second time he 's been arrested at the white house , father says .  new : adesanya charged with two counts of felony assault for attacking police dogs .  it 's the second such incident since last mont .
 health care ruling gives gop new attack line -- taxes <sec> tax provisions in health care law are no surprise , author says .  gop seizes on supreme court ruling to attack obama for raising taxes .  in 2009 , president obama had denied the individual mandate was a ta .
 going into battle armed with a trumpet <sec> jack tueller learned to play the trumpet as a child growing up in wyoming .  louis armstrong once told him , `` always play the melody , man '' .  tueller became a world war ii pilot and carried his trumpet in his cockpit .  he says his playing once prevented a german sniper from killing hi .
