 aaron hernandez associates indicted on murder charges <sec> `` ernest wallace did not shoot or kill anybody , '' defendant 's attorney says .  another defense attorney says he heard about indictment of his client from news media .  associates of former nfl star aaron hernandez are indicted in a june slaying in massachusetts .  carlos ortiz and ernest wallace allegedly were with hernandez the night of odin lloyd 's deat .
 'vassup ! ' 'bruno ' hits the carpet for london premiere <sec> `` bruno '' paid tribute to british icons in a bearskin hat at london movie premiere .  the austrian fashionista is uk comedian sacha baron cohen 's latest creation .  `` bruno '' has already caused controversy with gay rights campaigners .  baron cohen 's comedy holds a mirror up to many of society 's ingrained prejudice .
 report : cancer will be no . 1 killer in u.s . <sec> oncology group releases report : `` the state of cancer care in america '' .  number of new cases is expected to increase nearly 45 % by 2030 .  smaller community oncology practices being absorbed by larger networks .  patients having to travel farther and pay more for cancer service .
 hong kong 's leader to protesters : china wo n't back down <sec> new : 37 branches or offices of 21 banks are closed tuesday in hong kong .  56 people injured and 89 people arrested since protests started , officials say .  protesters pack streets wearing masks and protective goggles .  `` we had to use force '' on protesters , a police official say .
 adult , fetus found in shallow grave may be missing marine <sec> new : the discovery is `` consistent with what we were looking for , '' sheriff says .  new : cpl . .  cesar armando laurean is charged with first-degree murder .  sheriff says blood found in house , even on ceiling .  missing pregnant marine had accused suspect -- a fellow marine -- of rap .
 kelly clarkson weds : 'i 'm officially mrs. blackstock : ) ' <sec> clarkson weds at a resort in the foothills of the great smoky mountains .  the singer posted three wedding-day photos on her twitter account .  the first `` american idol '' winner married talent manager brandon blackstoc .
 schumacher in frame to replace improving massa <sec> michael schumacher could be set to make a surprise return to formula one .  schumacher might be a short-term replacement for the injured felipe massa .  massa continues to make good improvement following his crash on saturda .
 chavez still battling cancer , spanish newspaper says <sec> venezuelan president hugo chavez has pledged to run for re-election this year .  a lawmaker mocks a spanish newspaper report , saying it made him laugh .  report : chavez 's health `` appears to be deteriorating '' .  the president has said treatment he had in cuba cured him of cance .
 other leakers : what happened to them ? <sec> two newspapers call for clemency for nsa leaker edward snowden .  the obama administration is against clemency .  leakers in the past have received some mercy .  more recent cases show tougher consequences for their action .
 why has the cruise ship rescue taken five days ? <sec> more than 4,000 people have been stuck on the carnival triumph for five days .  carnival cruise lines opted to tow it , rather than move passengers to another ship .  strong currents prompted the company to change where the ship would dock .  the journey home was delayed for four hours thursday because of tugboat troubl .
 a coffee cup to let astronauts sip espresso in space <sec> researchers have 3d-printed a plastic cup that allows astronauts to drink coffee in space .  because of low gravity , fluids ca n't be easily drank from open top containers when in orbit .  the project is designed to test fluidic system theories at a fraction of the cost of traditional method .
 citing terror threat , airport security focuses on insulated containers <sec> travelers in coming days may notice a new security focus on insulated beverage containers .  the transportation security administration says that it is tracking possible terror tactic .
 would you live in a house made of sand and bacteria ? <sec> british student invented new process of growing building materials using bacteria and sand .  other living bricks made of mushrooms are soon be widely tested by us architects .  new bio bricks offer flame , uv , and water resistance without adding any chemicals .  their use can prove crucial for life in deserts or construction of bases on other planet .
 body image : how to help teens keep it positive ? <sec> new york mom says she 's always mindful of her teens ' body image .  two in three 13-year-olds worry about gaining weight , according to study .  girls are bombarded with `` superskinny '' images , a women 's advocate says .  the best advice to parents , per psychotherapists : never say `` do i look fat ? .
 science shows hpv vaccine safe , beneficial <sec> joseph bocchini notes issue of hpv vaccine safety coming up in recent gop debates .  he says cdc , others say vaccine helps prevent hpv , which can lead to cancers .  he says vaccine has been widely tested and is safe with side effects rare .  bocchini : parents should listen to reliable information in deciding to vaccinate their kid .
 arab league meeting urged over gaza <sec> 1 dead in gaza airstrikes .  rockets and mortars fired into israel , police say .  palestinian leader calls for arab league sit-down .  the israeli military killed three hamas personnel early saturday , officials sa .
 uk jewish lawmaker : israeli forces acting like nazis <sec> jewish uk lawmaker calls on israel to talk to hamas , a `` deeply nasty organization '' .  uk government : `` hamas made a brutal choice to step up attacks '' on civilians .  uk pm calls shelling of u.n. 's main aid hq compound in gaza `` indefensible '' .  uk has seen several protests since conflict began , both pro- and anti-israe .
 maoists shot indian politician over 30 times in attack , police say <sec> most people in the convoy attacked by maoists were from india 's congress party .  among the 24 people killed is the founder of an anti-maoist militia .  the insurgents smashed his head with the butt of their guns , police say .  prime minister manmohan singh visits the wounded , vows to find culprit .
 'jumping jen ' - no limits in skating 's 'insane ' evolution <sec> jenna mccorkell is an 11-time british figure skating champion from northern ireland .  mccorkell was included in the great britain team when she was just 10 years old .  she 's preparing to compete in her second winter olympics at sochi in february .  the 27-year-old says it is `` insane '' how skating is evolvin .
 gym shooter posted video monologues online <sec> `` the woman will really be impressed , '' he says over video of living room .  `` it is easy for me to hide from my emotions , '' he says in another video .  he killed three women , himself in pennsylvania gym this week .  note , blog detail complaints against women , who he felt rejected hi .
 soccer minnows shine at club world cup <sec> fifa club world will see a fifth place play-off between tp mazembe and auckland city fc .  the tournament offers smaller nations the chance to shine on the global stage .  the prize money for finishing last on a par with winning major continental honors .  football helping the game grow in new zealand ; heal the wounds of war in dr cong .
 opinion : is space junk catastrophic for earth ? <sec> a piece of space junk from a russian rocket flew through the australian sky .  meg urry : space debris falls to earth all the time ; most is harmless .  but a big hunk of metal -- or a large asteroid -- could be catastrophic , she says .  urry : it 's definitely a good idea to keep the skylab-sized space junk controllabl .
 5 of the largest , oddest and most useless state projects <sec> millions of dollars spent on useless , failed or cancelled projects .  building teton dam took four years ; collapse took one afternoon .  $ 12 billion superconductor in texas was never finishe .
 former rwanda minister gets 35-year term for genocide <sec> former planning minister augustin ngirabatware is given 35 years in prison .  he is convicted of genocide , inciting genocide and rape as a crime against humanity .  his trial is the last to be held at the u.n. international criminal tribunal for rwanda .  the chief prosecutor praises all those who 've helped bring perpetrators to justic .
 administration asks court to reconsider 'do n't ask , do n't tell ' order <sec> an appeals court ruled last week that `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' can not remain in place .  the obama administration is asking the court to reconsider that ruling .  the administration supports the repeal but objects to having courts set the timin .
 hotel chain rolls out black-light inspections , uv sterilization <sec> best western rolls out new cleaning procedures .  program is responding to a lack of confidence in midscale hotel cleanliness , chain says .  black-light inspections , uv sterilization among its new housekeeping tool .
 korean flags burned as taiwan rages over asian games incident <sec> taiwan politicians take up the cause of yang shu-chun after asian games incident .  south korean flags reportedly burned in protest against top taekwondo official .  political parties criticize taiwan sports ministry 's response to tuesday 's disqualification .  facebook groups set up in support of yang reportedly receive 200,000 response .
 rep. giffords cleared to attend shuttle launch <sec> new : rep. giffords will travel with a nurse , a source close to her says .  the congresswoman continues to recover from a brain injury after a gunshot to the head .  her husband is capt . .  mark kelly , commander of friday 's scheduled space shuttle mission .  giffords wo n't be making any public remarks while attending the launc .
 newark mayor urges probe into nypd spying program <sec> newark 's mayor calls for investigation into new york police department surveillance .  new jersey gov . .  chris christie also calls the development `` disturbing '' .  christie asks state 's attorney general to investigate reports of spying on newark muslim area .
 fifa to probe epl spot-fixing claims <sec> fifa will look into claims of spot-fixing in the english premier league .  claus lundekvam claims players made money out of betting on match events .  the former southampton defender played in the epl between 1996 and 2005 .  the epl say the matter is under the remit of the english football associatio .
 russia 2018 : 'we have nothing to hide ' in world cup bid investigation <sec> russia 2018 will fully co-operate with michael garcia 's investigation .  garcia to investigate the bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 world cups .  russia was awarded the 2018 event in december 2010 , with qatar winning the 2022 bid .  qatar 2022 world cup could be moved to northern hemisphere winte .
 the good and the bad : president obama 's military options in iraq <sec> on airstrikes : the u.s. may have trouble recognizing militants from civilians . .  drones are effective for precision strikes , but may be most helpful with other missions .  experts say filling the intelligence gap is the no . .  1 priority .  the u.s. could also collaborate with iran , which has already sent 500 troops to hel .
 russia seizes radioactive objects from flight to iran <sec> a nuclear expert says the material can not be used for weapons .  russian customs agency says the radioactive material can be obtained from a nuclear reactor .  it was found in the luggage of a passenger on a flight to tehran .  russia 's atomic agency says the material is used only for scientific researc .
 teen gets 27 years in mississippi killing <sec> matthew darby pleads guilty to manslaughter and burglary .  he was accused of running over 61-year-old johnny lee butts in mississippi in 2012 .  the butts family called it a hate crime ; darby 's lawyer blamed 'intoxicated ' teen .
 federal funds aim to clean up nuclear wasteland <sec> $ 2 billion in stimulus funds set aside to clean up washington 's hanford nuclear site .  money has created jobs for about 1,400 people .  critics say funds are being misdirected , wasted at hanford .  cleanup `` has been plagued by massive cost and schedule problems , '' their report say .
 the question blair aide alastair campbell ca n't answer <sec> alastair campbell wants cnn users to help him answer the question : `` do men and women win in different ways ? '' .  his wife told one audience it was still a man 's world and women had essentially to do twice as many jobs as me .
 u.s. agrees to send 5,000 hellfire missiles to iraq <sec> hellfires are usually fired from the air to ground , water .  this order would be in addition to the 780 hellfires already delivered .  congress has been notified of the proposed sal .
 indonesia 's indigenous villages in flux <sec> jenni watts produced expedition : sumatra , cnn 's new environment special .  the team traveled round indonesia charting some of the biggest issues affecting the country .  they met the local people in the indigenous talang mamak village of semerantiha .
 deadly e. coli outbreak spreads in germany <sec> new : a cucumber batch from denmark or the netherlands is being checked , an eu spokeswoman said .  new : spain 's health minister says the country would use `` all necessary measures '' to pursue compensation .  media report 16 deaths linked to the outbreak , including 1 in sweden .  the specific source has not been pinpointe .
 miss philippines crowned the new miss world <sec> miss philippines megan young is crowned miss world .  she was born in the united states .  the 23-year-old is an aspiring filmmake .
 u.s. engineers inspect possible leak at hanford nuclear site <sec> an elevated contamination reading is found in a hanford leak detection pit .  the reading does n't pose an immediate public health threat , governor says .  but the news is `` disturbing , '' he says .  hanford formerly made plutonium for atomic weapon .
 south korea rebuffs north 's fax request to meet fishermen <sec> south korea rebuffs north korea 's demand to meet two fishermen .  three north korean fishermen were found saturday off south korea 's east coast .  one fisherman returned to north korea on tuesda .
 fact check : has obama 'not signed one new free-trade agreement ' ? <sec> mitt romney says obama `` has not signed one new free-trade agreement '' .  an obama spokeswoman calls that statement `` absurd '' and `` inaccurate '' .  obama signed a free trade deal in 2011 , based on talks that began years earlier .  the president re-negotiated pacts with panama , colombia and south kore .
 new silk road : the world 's longest train journey <sec> yixin'ou , a chinese freight train , completed the world 's longest train journey .  the 21-day train trip left china in november and spanned eight countries , completing its run in spain .  the journey was a test run for regular cargo service between china and spai .
 survival of injured baby golden eagle in utah wildfire called 'amazing ' <sec> baby golden eagle was burned in a utah wildfire .  the fire engulfed his nest .  the animal , called `` phoenix , '' is receiving care at wildlife rehab center .  it 's too early to tell whether he will be able to fl .
 study : fatty acids can help ease pms symptoms <sec> a new study suggests esential fatty acids may help ease the symptoms of pms .  the report found significant reductions in symptoms among women studied .  such substances are found in nuts , some vegetable oils and fish , as well as supplement .
 why do magazines look so bad on the new ipad ? <sec> users have complained some magazine apps look pixilated , or blurry , on the new ipad .  with the ipad 3 , publishers are now dealing with a device with four times as many pixels .  publishers will have to increase the resolution of their files and export their editions as pdfs .  an exception is vogue , which was able to optimize for the ipad 's `` retina display '' ahead of tim .
 sole trader takes recycling in his stride <sec> okabashi footwear lets you send your old shoes back to be recycled .  all new shoes are made with up to 25 % recycled material .  u.s.-based family-run business was started in iran in the 1950 .
 retrial of egypt 's mubarak starts next month <sec> mubarak is serving a life sentence , which he appealed .  he has suffered a wide range of physical problem .
 3 arrested in massive maple syrup heist <sec> police say two-thirds of a huge cache of stolen maple syrup has been recovered .  it was snatched from a quebec storage facility between august 2011 and july 2012 .  five others are being sought in connection with the crime .  police say they seized vehicles that carried the syrup , as well as carts , lifts , scales and kettle .
 boko haram has kidnapped before -- successfully <sec> boko haram demands release of its fighters for return of abducted nigerian schoolgirls .  boko haram has kidnapped before and nigeria has conceded at least once .  a raid on a town last year freed inmates , and boko haram took about a dozen hostages .  nigeria freed wives and children of boko haram members in return for the hostage .
 'accidental millionaire ' pleads guilty to theft <sec> former new zealand gas station owner plead guilty to 7 counts of theft .  he has been sought by authorities for 2.5 years .  a banking error gave him access to $ 10 million new zealand dollar .
 more heat to sizzle central united states <sec> excessive-heat warnings and advisories are in effect from central u.s. to carolina coast .  more than 20 heat-related deaths were reported across the country last week .  new heat records are set in 41 cities across the country over the weeken .
 review follows election fraud allegations in nicaragua <sec> ballot tally sheets will be reviewed in mayoral election in nation 's capital , managua .  announcement follows fraud allegations from opponents of ruling sandinista party .  the leftist party won mayoral races in 94 municipalities , including managua .  critics highlight delays in tabulating ballots , ballots found in trash dump .
 teen shot over vandalized mccain sign , police say <sec> man pleads not guilty to charges of felonious assault .  police : youths admitted defacing mccain sign several times .  it is the only mccain sign on a street full of obama signs , police say .  teenagers probably will not be charged ; one was shot in ar .
 alonso vows to fight back after euro gp disappointment <sec> fernando alonso vows to bounce back from sunday 's controversial european gp .  the 29-year-old says he regrets acting `` emotionally '' after last weekend 's race .  lewis hamilton overtook the safety car but still managed to finish second .  alonso is now confident fia will act accordingly regarding the safety car inciden .
 navy officer , ncis agent arrested in multimillion-dollar bribery case <sec> navy commander steered ships to contractor 's ports , complaint alleges .  ncis agent told contractor of investigation , u.s. attorney says .  payoffs included prostitutes , luxury travel , according to u.s. attorney 's offic .
 'muamba collapse proves i was right to quit the game , ' says ex professional <sec> ex-pro tells cnn fabrice muamba 's collapse proves he was right to quit soccer .  mitchell cole ignored heart condition for eight years due to love of soccer .  cole was diagnosed with heart problem aged 17 but only retired at 25 .  doctors told him chances of suffering cardiac arrest increased through spor .
 clinton claims victory in puerto rico <sec> new : clinton claims she 'd be the stronger candidate to face mccain .  elections officials report low turnout .  obama campaign spokesman : obama could clinch nomination soon .  montana , south dakota hold final two contests tuesda .
 the 7 quirkiest kickstarter gadgets <sec> kickstarter has been home to multimillion-dollar tech-gadget campaigns .  but some offerings are just plain quirky .  here 's a look at some of our favorite .
 mushers chase victory on iditarod trail <sec> 38th year of famed alaskan sled dog race begins with 71 teams .  lance mackey will be trying for fourth consecutive win .  `` it 's like watching your kid graduate from college , '' musher says of completin .
 porsche 911 : the sports car that conquered the world <sec> the porsche 911 -- originally called the 901 -- was unveiled at the 1963 frankfurt motor show .  the silhouette has hardly changed in almost 50 years .  the top speed has increased 75 mph to 205 mp .
 u.s. : letters detail infighting over al qaeda 's iraq mission <sec> letters say leaders chide al qaeda in iraq over recruiting , moving `` assets '' into iraq .  umbrella group islamic state of iraq accused of exaggerating in propaganda .  one letter obtained in u.s. operation that killed al qaeda information minister .  u.s. : al qaeda in iraq operating with only a third of the fighters it had two years ag .
 women face trial for staged motel tryst ending with glued penis <sec> wisconsin judge rules there is sufficient evidence for women to stand trial .  police : wife , lovers hatched plot to confront man after learning of his infidelity .  one of the women tied him to bed , glued penis to his stomach , police say .  man , with criminal record dating back to 1998 , is in custody on unrelated charge .
