 l'oreal heiress placed under guardianship <sec> new : bettencourt 's daughter , grandsons say the ruling is a `` relief '' .  bettencourt 's daughter says her mother is not mentally competent to handle her own affairs .  her lawyer plans to consult with bettencourt to appeal the decisio .
 witnesses , survivors rally to recognize wwii pilot 's heroic act <sec> maj. doak weston piloted a b-25 as it went down north of boston , massachusetts .  he stayed with the plane until it crashed , avoiding buildings and allowing his crew to bail .  witnesses and survivors rallied to have weston 's sacrifice honored .  a ceremony was held at the crash site , 65 years to the day after the cras .
 ghost of christmas past : 'magoo ' at 50 <sec> first animated christmas special , `` mister magoo 's christmas carol , '' is 50 .  `` magoo '' paved the way for `` charlie brown , '' `` grinch , '' `` frosty , '' `` rudolph '' .  though it has fallen into relative obscurity , the fan base remains solid .  `` mr. magoo 's christmas carol '' will air tonight for the first time since 196 .
 'fifty shades of grey ' sequel to hit theaters in 2017 <sec> a second `` fifty shades '' film will be released in 2017 , a third in 2018 .  director sam taylor-johnson wo n't be returnin .
 venus williams falls asleep on the job <sec> venus williams admits she 's always sleepy , likes to nap before a match .  the sixth seed is playing in the dubai tennis championships this week .  venus aims to topple sister serena to become world number one in 2009 .  watch venus williams on revealed this week at the times belo .
 recalling a governor is rare -- trying to , not so much <sec> only two u.s. governors have been ousted by recall elections .  wisconsin voters decide tuesday whether to recall republican gov . .  scott walker .  every california governor since 1968 has been targeted by recall attempt .
 mississippi river towns rush against rising water <sec> new : towns rush to build makeshift barriers to hold back rising floodwaters .  new : record flooding anticipated for towns in illinois , missouri .  high water forces officials to close u.s. 34 span between iowa , illinois .  fema sets up 6 centers in iowa ; 24 counties declared disaster .
 abused metro man wants racist chelsea 'fans locked up ' <sec> a black man abused on paris metro by chelsea 'fans ' wants his attackers to be punished .  the man identified as souleymane s. intends to make a police complaint .  he was speaking in interview with le parisien newspape .
 togo 's soccer team attacked in angola <sec> bus carrying togo national soccer team fired on with machine guns .  separatist group in angola claims responsibility .  togo striker thomas dossevi : we were attacked by rebels with kalashnikovs .  togo team is in angola for the african cup of nations tournamen .
 gun makers , help keep weapons out of criminals ' hands <sec> kevin bradford : each year 30,000 killed and 300,000 violent crimes committed with guns .  it 's also a marketing problem , he says . .  manufacturers are not monitoring distribution of guns .  bradford : laws are minimal , manufacturers are not putting safeguards into place .  he says use gun lobby tactic : grade manufacturers on ability to keep guns from criminal .
 uk police arrest 4 on suspicion of syria-linked terror offenses <sec> four people are arrested by uk police on suspicion of syria-related terror offenses .  the three men and a woman are being questioned by counterterror officers in manchester .  police say a number of people have traveled to the battlefields of syri .
 opinion : melissa etheridge : pot got me through <sec> melissa etheridge : drugs and drinking `` were not a part of my rock 'n ' roll lifestyle '' .  she says medical marijuana eased chemo 's excruciating side effects after she got cancer .  she 's a mother who believes pot should be legal for adults , regulated like alcohol .  etheridge : legalization will take the lawlessness out of its sale and distributio .
 teen 's suicide remark on facebook sends cops into social media action <sec> a new jersey teen posts on facebook a bridge photo and `` thinking of jumping '' .  port authority police are alerted , they use a facebook photo of the teen to search the bridge .  other officers reach out directly through social media to try to contact him .  he responds , meets with an officer and volunteers to be taken to a hospital for hel .
 y-combinator : business boot camp for budding startups <sec> start-up accelerator y-combinator provides seed money to new startups .  it has been behind some of the biggest names in tech startups : reddit , dropbox and airbnb .  established in 2005 , the accelerator takes a 7 % stake in the companies it backs .  the company gives start-ups $ 120,000 and then helps them incorporate as a busines .
 free speech activists oppose iceland 's proposed online pornography ban <sec> 40 individuals and rights groups sign an open letter to iceland 's interior minister .  they oppose government plans to try to block access to online pornography .  the government wants action to prevent children being exposed to violent porn .  iceland `` should not serve as a role model for internet censorship , '' the letter say .
 trying to prevent 'absolutely catastrophic ' situation in haiti <sec> pipeline of aid backed up as port-au-prince airport reopens .  top priority is to get to survivors and get supplies in as soon as possible .  aid worker : `` the needs are overwhelming at this point in time '' .  health concerns grow as bodies begin piling up ; tens of thousands left homeles .
 greene : sioux city sux , and that 's ok <sec> bob greene : the acronym for sioux city 's airport has long been a headache .  greene : the city tried to change it , but faa would only act if it was a safety issue .  so the city `` very successfully made lemonade out of lemons '' .  greene : now you can buy sux postcards and mugs and proudly wear sux t-shirt .
 boston marathon bombing survivor jeff bauman engaged , expecting child <sec> jeff bauman is seen in a memorable photo of the attack aftermath .  bauman was waiting for erin hurley at the finish line when the bombs exploded .  bauman is credited with helping investigators identify the suspects .  the announcement did not reveal a due date for the child or a wedding dat .
 elder bush brings team together 20 years after gulf war <sec> george h.w . .  bush gathers war cabinet at texas a & m .  iraq invaded kuwait in 1990 , and the u.s. led a counteroffensive in january 1991 .  baghdad continues to pay reparations to its neighbor .  about 1,000 people who disappeared have never been foun .
 afghanistan delays presidential election <sec> afghan presidential elections come as president hamid karzai 's five-year term ends .  afghanistan has registered 3 million voters , holding voter drives to register more .  u.s. troops will deploy extra troops to provide security in run-up to the electio .
 allergy season , pollen counts usher in springtime <sec> tree pollen is already at high levels in the southeast and texas .  expert : less pollution means some relief for allergies in urban areas .  cdc : about 17.6 million americans have diagnosed hay fever .  allergy shots are an option for people with severe symptoms or work concern .
 kindle fire vs. ipad : which is right for you ? <sec> amazon unveils its kindle fire tablet , a rival to apple 's ipad 2 .  price is the huge difference , although amazon has sacrificed some features .  fire offers a smaller screen and no camera or microphone .  amazon has optimized the fire for media consumptio .
 federal appeals court hears proposition 8 case <sec> new : judges ask tough questions to side opposing same-sex marriage .  a panel of judges will hear arguments over whether the measure is constitutional .  a lengthy legal battle continues after voters approved proposition 8 .  a federal judge 's earlier ruling says the proposition violates the constitutio .
 wall street protesters inspired by arab spring movement <sec> internet activists have taken to twitter , other sites to `` occupy wall street '' on saturday .  organizer says digital uprisings in places like egypt and iran are an inspiration .  the hacktivist group anonymous urged its supporters to participate in the sit-i .
 clinton handicaps the midterms with an eye to future <sec> bill clinton suggests that barack obama 's decision to hold off on immigration reform hurt democrats with hispanic voters .  fall in hispanic turnout came `` perhaps because the president did n't issue the immigration order '' .  `` the people who were against us felt more strongly than the people for us , '' clinton says .  his remarks come at a weekend retrospective on his administratio .
 colorado police : 5 charged in sex assault on teen girl <sec> 5 teens charged in sexual assault , including four englewood , colorado , students .  the school system is urging parents to talk to their children about the cas .
 boeing dreamliner completes maiden flight <sec> new : 787 dreamliner completes three-hour test flight .  boeing has touted the 787 as more environmentally friendly and fuel efficient .  company says plane is made of composite materials than are lighter than aluminum .  depending on configuration , dreamliner can seat 200 to 300 passenger .
 how western inaction led to fall of homs <sec> the homs truce is a consequence of failing western support to the opposition , writes nadim shehadi .  russia provides economic and military assistance to the syrian regime , he says .  shehadi : the situation is similar to that in iraq in 1991 when an uprising was encouraged by washingto .
 rose scents victory in abu dhabi <sec> justin rose two clear at the top of the leaderboard with one round left to play in abu dhabi .  denmark 's thorbjorn olesen and jamie donaldson of wales tied for secon .
 three california hikers found , but two more missing <sec> two hikers still missing are from a separate group on mount whitney .  missing are father and son , originally from iran .  found men started hike early monday before being hit by heavy snows and low visibility .  all three were able to walk and move during a general health assessmen .
 objections to julia ad show gop out of touch <sec> conservatives criticize obama campaign 's ad , `` the life of julia , '' as big government .  ilyse hogue : gop continues to wage a war on women 's health and economic parity .  she says women are at a competitive disadvantage if not for government programs .  hogue : republicans claim to stand for individual liberty and opportunity , but it 's fals .
 obama wants limits on coal plants , says keystone ca n't boost pollution <sec> obama outlines second-term environmental priorities in address on climate change .  he directs epa to establish carbon pollution standards for plants .  texas-to-canada keystone pipeline in final stages of government review .  march poll : 47 % think the government is doing too little to protect the environmen .
 how to post to facebook , twitter after you die <sec> new tools make it possible to schedule social media posts to go up after death .  twitter tool could eventually mimic person 's syntax and tastes to tweet after death .  using these online services can help people think about and plan for death , companies sa .
 airline asks passengers for gas money <sec> `` air france confirms that it asked passengers if they had cash , '' airline says .  the incident occurred wednesday on a flight from paris to beirut .  passengers ultimately did not have to pay for fue .
 time to raise taxes on the rich <sec> number of poor highest in 50 years , sally kohn says , as the rich get super rich .  kohn : 25 major corporations last year paid their ceos more than they paid in taxes .  keeping taxes low for big business and rich does not create jobs , kohn writes .  working families need the money , she says , to spend and stimulate econom .
 library recovers tome missing for 100 years <sec> a book missing from archbishop marsh 's library in dublin for 100 years is back home .  a barrister buys it at a junk shop and brings it to the library .  the library is delighted to `` welcome back an old friend .
 mourinho happy as inter mark title in style <sec> inter milan mark fourth successive serie a title with 3-0 victory against siena .  jose mourinho 's side can not be caught after ac milan 's defeat at udinese .  veteran inter midfielder luis figo says he will retire at the end of the seaso .
 opening statements begin zimmerman trial <sec> defense lawyer apologizes for telling joke during opening statements .  father of trayvon martin cries in courtroom ; george zimmerman shows no emotion .  did zimmerman commit 2nd degree murder when he killed martin ? .  or was it self-defense ? .  62 % in a cnn poll say the charges against zimmerman are `` probably '' or `` definitely '' tru .
 complex rescue under way of sick baby girl on high seas <sec> guard rescuing a young girl off the pacific coast of mexico .  a team from moffett federal airfield in california parachuted into the open ocean .  crew found the girl seriously ill ; she is now in stable conditio .
 report : france also runs mass surveillance program <sec> france 's secret service snoops on phone calls and e-mails , le monde says .  e-mails , sms , phone call , facebook and twitter data are stored , it says .  this explains france 's `` weak response '' to reports of u.s. spying on europe , it say .
 u.s. open : roger federer saves match points to beat monfils <sec> roger federer rallies from two sets down to beat gael monfils in new york .  monfils held two match points on federer 's serve at 5-4 in the fourth set .  the swiss next meets resurgent croatian marin cilic in the semifinals .  serena williams plays ekaterina makarova in the women 's semifinals frida .
 ar rahman : scoring 'slumdog ' <sec> oscar-winning composer scored the soundtrack for 'slumdog millionaire ' .  began work as a 13-year-old to support family after his father died .  will continue to score films in india and hollywood ; runs music school in chenna .
 massive cyberattack hits internet users <sec> new : the fbi is involved in the investigation into the cyberattack , a spokesman says .  a massive cyberattack is creating ripple effects for internet users around the globe .  the prolonged denial-of-service assault is targeting spamhaus , a european spam-fighting group .  security expert : `` these things are essentially like nuclear bombs .
 in diary , shooting suspect shares despair , intent to kill <sec> george sodini , 48 , is accused of killing three women , himself at gym .  online journal called `` a running log that includes my thoughts and actions '' .  diary says of january attempt to pull off `` exit plan '' : `` i chickened out ! '' .  jack daniels , vodka purchased in may to pull off plan , journal say .
 hungary next to fear floods from surging danube <sec> an environmental group raises concerns over toxic waste reservoir by danube .  budapest 's mayor says its flood defenses should withstand record high waters .  the swollen river elbe continues to threaten saxony-anhalt in eastern germany .  focus in the czech republic shifts to the clean-up operation , fire service say .
 if you had salmonella poisoning , would you know ? <sec> there are about 76 million cases of food borne illnesses in the u.s. each year .  symptoms include diarrhea , vomiting , abdominal cramps and a low-grade fever .  salmonella and e. coli infections present similar symptoms initially .  washing hands after handling raw food is key to preventio .
 exclusive : king abdullah calls isis 'outlaws ' of islam <sec> the king of jordan gives his first interview since the slaying of a jordanian pilot .  abdullah : the pilot 's death has `` motivated '' jordanians and `` the gloves have come off '' in fight against isi .
 hilfiger celebrates 25 years of classic style with new york show <sec> the designer 's collection includes looks inspired by grace kelly and james dean .  he calls his combination of classic looks with a rock 'n ' roll vibe `` the tommy twist '' .  the strokes perform at the after-party , with more than 1,200 guests in the audienc .
 western leaders reject a future libya led by gadhafi <sec> `` gadhafi must go , and go for good , '' leaders of u.s. , u.k. and france say .  after gadhafi 's exit , u.n. countries will help libya rebuild , the op-ed says .  despite international help , libyans alone will choose their next leaders , op-ed say .
 attorneys : fetus of pregnant , brain-dead wife is 'distinctly abnormal ' <sec> `` quite sadly , this information is not surprising , '' say attorneys for the family .  marlise munoz was 14 weeks ' pregnant when stricken .  hospital has said it must follow state la .
 biden praises courage of fallen arizona firefighters <sec> hotshot team was `` an elite unit in every sense of that phrase , '' vice president joe biden says .  thousands attend memorial for 19 fallen members of a `` hotshot '' arizona firefighting team .  firefighters died in an arizona wildfire june 30 .  unit 's lone remaining member recites firefighters ' prayer , gets standing ovatio .
 russian police release subway bomb suspects ' photos <sec> russian police release images of two women suspected of being the bombers .  authorities are also seeking three suspected accomplices of the bombers .  hundreds of thousands of commuters return to moscow subway after bombing .  flags across city lowered to half staff as moscow pauses to mourn dea .
 nationalist fury as center right makes gains in slovakia <sec> center-left prime minister 's party wins most votes , but no majority .  four opposition parties look able to form government .  former prime minister mikulas dzurinda may return to power .  nationalist firebrands warns `` homosexuals and hungarians will rule '' slovaki .
 videos appear to show top saddam official ripping iraq 's current leaders <sec> al-douri was the `` king of clubs '' in a deck of playing cards used to identity wanted officials .  in the video clips , a man who says he is al-douri derides iraq 's shiite leaders .  the u.s. military says al-douri helped fund the sunni insurgency in ira .
 greenland 's frozen landscape warming up <sec> cnn traveled with greenpeace to greenland on their study of the region .  flow of helheim glacier has sped up dramatically in last decade .  research of warming water in sermilik fjord points to higher sea-level ris .
 attorney general eric holder blasted for hsbc settlement <sec> the justice department reached settlement with hsbc in money laundering investigation .  gop sen. charles grassley says department should have sought criminal charges .  hsbc , which accepted responsibility , will pay the u.s. government $ 1.92 billio .
 injured dutch star robben : i will fight until i drop <sec> dutch winger arjen robben is confident of being fit for the world cup .  robben sustained a tear in his hamstring during a friendly against hungary .  bayern munich star is hoping intense physiotherapy will help him regain fitnes .
 dominant loeb makes it half a dozen wins in monte carlo <sec> citroen 's sebastien loeb claims his sixth monte carlo rally crown .  eight-time world rally champion is fastest in sunday 's final stage .  dnaiel sordo is second for mini while petter solberg was third for for .
 women 's rights activist beheaded in iraq <sec> leader of kurdish communist party women 's league killed in home .  motivation for woman 's killing in kirkuk not known .  separately , officers linked to outlawed offshoot of baath party arrested .  u.s military official says arrests appear to be politically motivate .
 guede loses appeal in murder of british exchange student <sec> guede was convicted of killing meredith kercher in italy in 2007 .  the ivory coast native is serving a 16-year sentence .  american amanda knox and italian raffaele sollecito were also convicte .
 former hot dog eating champ arrested <sec> kobayashi arrested after hot dog contest .  new : not a publicity stunt , spokeswoman says .  rival chestnut won this year 's challenge .  kobayashi faces two misdemeanor charge .
 obama should know better on supreme court 's role <sec> president said top court would break with precedent if it overturns the health care law .  stephen presser says obama , who taught constitutional law , should know better .  he says the supreme court has long exercised power to overturn unconstitutional laws .  presser : judicial review does n't usurp congress ' power ; it maintains the rule of la .
 most of vick 's dogs will go to families and a 'sanctuary ' <sec> only one of the 49 dogs seized will be euthanized .  that dog had a habit of biting people , the court document states .  vick pleaded guilty to federal charges related to dog fighting , in august .  vick will be arraigned on state charges on october 3 in a virginia cour .
 murdered woman 's sisters demand reality tv producer 's arrest <sec> bruce beresford-redman is still free nearly 2 months after murder charge .  mexican officials say u.s. received extradition request a month ago .  burgos sisters demand u.s. officials immediately arrest the reality tv producer .  monica beresford-redman was found dead at cancun resort in apri .
