 aretha franklin home after surgery <sec> singer aretha franklin was hospitalized earlier this month .  surgery is called `` highly successful '' by doctors .  franklin says she 's hoping to see a couple of plays soo .
 who switched flags on brooklyn bridge ? nypd on the case <sec> mysterious white flags are spotted atop the brooklyn bridge rush hour tuesday .  nypd 's counter-terror bureau and intelligence division are called to the bridge .  nypd detective to cnn : `` perhaps more security is needed .
 comment : anger at uk mps ' expenses could change politics <sec> uk lawmakers have been accused of over-milking the system for claiming expenses .  newspaper revelations have sparked anger at a time of economic uncertainty .  mps say that nothing they have done was outside the rules , which they set up .  uk pm gordon brown has apologized on behalf of parliamentarians of all partie .
 mexicans turn to voodoo ahead of crucial u.s. match <sec> mexico face the u.s. in a football world cup qualifier in ohio on wednesday .  a mexican magazine has offered coupons for u.s. team voodoo dolls .  mexico have not won in the u.s. for ten year .
 it 's meatless monday for some <sec> a growing movement encourages people not to eat meat on mondays .  johns hopkins bloomberg school of public health is associated with the project .  michael pollan , katie lee and paul mccartney are big supporters of meatless monday .
 hugh masekela : songs of freedom <sec> hugh masekela songs were an inspiration in the fight to end apartheid .  he left south africa to get a musical education and could n't return for 30 years .  under apartheid black south africans were resilient through song , he says .  he says johannesburg is cosmopolitan and multicultural , like south afric .
 court rules insurers do n't have to pay for viagra <sec> a court has ruled that insurers do n't have to pay for sexual performance enhancement drugs .  a man suffering from multiple sclerosis wanted erectile dysfunction drugs .  german health reforms in 2004 said insurers do n't have to pay for `` quality of life '' medication .
 red cross suspends work in pakistan after staffer 's killing <sec> red cross worker khalil rasjed dale was abducted and killed .  the aid agency says it is compelled to reassess its operations in pakistan .  it has halted its work despite consequences for the vulnerable .  a humanitarian coalition says dale 's killing is one in a long list of violence against aid worker .
 upstate n.y. digs out after big storm shuts down major highway <sec> new : snow is falling at a half-inch per hour , down from 3 inches per hour .  new : some motorists were stranded on interstate 90 for about 20 hours .  some hopped highway fences after being stuck for 16 hours , a witness says .  up to three feet of snow fell in some buffalo-area locations over two day .
 bangladesh : body search continues amid retaliation fears <sec> 72 bodies found floating in a river or in three mass graves inside rifles ' compound .  fifty of the dead were confirmed to be army officers .  standoff started wednesday when rifles troops rebelled against commanders .  more than 160 were inside bangladesh rifles headquarters when mutiny erupte .
 perry : - cnnpolitics.com <sec> texas gov . .  rick perry struck a moderate tone in a farewell address to the texas legislature .  after 14 years , perry 's the state 's longest-serving governor .  his tenure as governor is likely to make up his central pitch if he runs for white hous .
 live from shanghai : tireless reporter makes mark <sec> xuan 's serious investigative reporting , energetic live presentations have earned him respect .  xuan is a communist member .  he is guarded in talking about the parameters within which he report .
 suspect indicted in case of n.y. boy who was drugged , smothered <sec> new : a district attorney says marks on leiby kletzky 's wrists indicate he was tied .  new : levi aron is hospitalized while doctors evaluate his mental state , prosecutors say .  an indictment says 8-year-old kletzky was killed in aron 's apartment .  the charges against aron carry a maximum sentence of life without parol .
 pacific storm could mark early holiday woe <sec> flood watches and winter weather advisories are now in effect for coastal northwest .  up to 8 inches of rain could fall on oregon 's coast .  pacific weather could create cold and rain nationwide , complicating holiday travel .  one upside for holiday travel is plummeting gasoline prices , aaa say .
 women 's right to abortion under seige <sec> julie burkhart , abortion provider in kansas , says some must travels days to find abortion clinic .  she says some states have stepped up restrictions , not based on medical need , but ideology .  burkhart : roe v wade decision 42 years ago ; women today must take action to keep health care right .
 forget paltrow-martin split , this is the juicy divorce of the day <sec> british financier and his indonesian business partner take their disagreements to twitter .  joint business failed to meet expectations ; company announced details of split this week .  rothschild and bekrie exchange insults and accusations about families , business onlin .
 7 labyrinths worth exploring <sec> mazes have appeared in various corners of the world throughout history .  derinkuyu has eight levels of traps and wrong turns descending into the earth .  bara imambara is nicknamed bhul bhulaiya and was built to delay invaders .  haeinsa temple houses buddhist scriptures carved onto wooden block .
 smartphone apps can compromise kids ' data , ftc says <sec> smartphone apps can expose children 's data , federal trade commission says .  panel urges developers , phone companies to make monitoring easier for parents .  little improvement since last survey in february , commission say .
 christie wo n't lay out his immigration stance <sec> speaking in mexico city , christie says : nothing on immigration , for now .  if he decideds to run for president , `` then i will articulate a full position on it '' .  the new jersey governor has criticized obama and others in washington over the issue .  he is in mexico on an official trip as governo .
 government shutdown : amc gives furloughed employees free popcorn <sec> movie chain amc is offering free small popcorns to government workers .  a movie ticket does not need to be purchased to receive the offer .  the discount will stand 'until good common sense is restored in washington .
 iberia cabin crew strike over layoffs , salary cuts <sec> iberia said it had found other flights for 60,000 clients and will give ticket refunds to another 10,000 .  ground crews and in-flight attendants announced 15 days of strikes , during three weeks .  iberia pilots last year went on strike when iberia created a low-cost carrier called iberia expres .
 will uk stand for yet another war in iraq ? <sec> pm mobilizing british public for new campaign in iraq , mindful last one was widely opposed .  david cameron has been cautious about whether air strikes might be extended to syria .  uk military is stretched . .  units still deployed in afghanistan , defense spending is squeezed .  dilemma is that any military action may hasten more beheadings of hostages , says tim liste .
 rubio continues fight against cuba deal <sec> sen. marco rubio continued to bash president barack obama and sen. rand paul for their support of normalizing relations with cuba .  rubio says is paul wants to align himself with obama 's foreign policies , `` he has a right to do that .
 extinction threat 'a call to world leaders ' at rio earth summit <sec> latest snapshot of threats to animal and plant species published by international conservation group .  nearly 20,000 species now face threat of extinction including 41 % of amphibians and 33 % of reef building corals .  report is `` clarion call to world leaders gathering in rio , '' says iucn director general julia marton-lefevre .  wwf director general warns rio `` doomed to ridicule '' if world leaders do n't act decisivel .
 nine cases of measles for disneyland visitors <sec> nine visitors to disneyland or disney california adventure park have been infected with measles .  the people with measles hail from california and utah .  they visited the theme park between december 15 and december 2 .
 dubai billionaire seals portsmouth buyout <sec> dubai-based billionaire sulaiman al fahim completes takeover of portsmouth .  al fahim becomes chairman , replacing former owner alexandre gaydamak .  he rewards caretaker manager paul hart with two-year deal as permanent boss .  england striker peter crouch decides against a move north to sunderlan .
 timeline of events in trayvon martin case <sec> teenager trayvon martin was shot and killed on february 26 .  george zimmerman told police he shot martin in self-defense .  the investigation is continuin .
 shell issues nigeria oil warning after attack <sec> shell says it may not be able to meet supply contracts after nigerian attack .  two of shell 's oil pipelines sabotaged by rebel groups on monday .  company is working to repair the lines and get production running normall .
 report : 75 % of coral reefs threatened <sec> causes are attributed to human activity and climate change .  the threat is the highest in southeast asia , the report says .  threat levels have risen 30 % in 10 years .  corals are known to be resilient and have bounced back from `` extreme damage .
 blistering heat expected in northeast <sec> national weather service issues excessive-heat advisory for several northeastern cities .  triple digit temperatures that could trigger `` a dangerous situation , '' weather officials said . .  tuesday is expected to be the hottest day .
 discover iceland 's fire and ice <sec> waterfalls , fjords , volcanoes , mountains and glaciers dot iceland 's landscape .  do n't be afraid to take a tour in order to make the most of your trip .  end your day with a lazy soak in iceland 's iconic blue lagoo .
 source : searchers to dig in area where madeleine mccann disappeared <sec> thirty searchers to be involved , source says .  madeleine mccann disappeared from her family 's holiday apartment in portugal in 2007 .  british police reopened their investigation into her disappearance in july 2013 .  sources tell cnn a british team will be digging , aided by dogs and rada .
 armored truck robbed of millions in gold <sec> bandits made off with more than $ 4 million in gold during the sunday night heist .  the truck was stuck on an interstate during a trip up north to massachusett .
 fixer recounts how isis abducted him and steven sotloff <sec> sotloff fixer yosef abobaker says u.s. officials never interviewed him about isis .  fbi says it `` is actively investigating the savage murder of steven sotloff '' .  abobaker says masked isis gunmen outnumbered him , sotloff , three armed guards .  abobaker believes a border guard informed isis about sotloff 's locatio .
 $ 50k to help 'kliptown kids ' rise up <sec> thulani madondo was named one of the top 10 cnn heroes of 2012 .  he grew up in kliptown , a south african slum outside johannesburg .  now he 's reaching out to hundreds of kids there , providing free academic support .  who should be the cnn hero of the year ? .  cast your vote now .
 schoolkids deserve more than junk food <sec> jamie oliver : child nutrition bill failed , which means same old unhealthy school lunches .  schools serve junk food like chocolate milk , soda and pizza at each meal , he writes .  700 groups want this kind of law , he writes . .  does congress not value children 's health ? .  parents should see what kids are eating , oliver says , and if disgusted , push for healthy foo .
 do n't feed the ( polar ) bears <sec> new paper makes emergency recommendations for polar bears .  among them : airdrop food on the bears , move them north .  polar bears are threatened by sea ice melt and climate change .  john d. sutter : the proposals are depressing but necessar .
 how to squeeze the most from your computer <sec> here 's how to squeeze the most performance out of your older computer .  it may be your software that 's slow , not your computer ; check for updates .  move as many of your activities , such as e-mail , to the web as possible .  if you 're still using internet explorer , stop ! .  you 're better off with a newer build of firefo .
 will obama 's attacks on romney backfire ? <sec> gloria borger : president obama 's argument about bain capital is about experience .  she says he suggests mitt romney lacks background , values to be president .  she says obama would be better off focusing on his record or romney 's as governor .  borger : obama 's image could be tarnished by questionable attack .
 formula one teams plan joint car launch <sec> formula one teams are planning an innovative joint launch ahead of the 2010 season . .  the move will see all 13 teams on show in a special event in valencia at the end of january . .  but new teams virgin racing , us f1 , lotus and campos may struggle to have their cars ready by the .
 poll : are singaporeans least happy ? <sec> a gallup survey shows that singaporeans are least likely to report positive emotions .  singapore has one of the highest per capita gdps globally .  u.s. economists have found that income only affects happiness up to a certain amount .  panama is the world 's happiest plac .
 levar burton wants you to 'go the f*** to sleep ' <sec> levar burton conducted the reading for charity .  he called the book one of his favorite children 's stories .  the actor started a kickstarter to revive `` reading rainbow .
 no beckham but psg thrash toulouse to stretch ligue 1 lead <sec> paris saint germain win 4-0 at toulouse in french ligue 1 .  new signing david beckham not in squad for away trip .  zlatan ibrahimovic scores third for league leaders .  cagliari win at as roma in serie .
 tools of the escapee 's trade : in michigan prison break , white thermals <sec> escapee used snow-colored suit made of thermal underwear to blend in .  he then pried open two fences to escape , according to michigan prisons report .  motion detectors that should have spotted him were n't working properly , report says .  after his capture , michael david elliot remains in an indiana jail awaiting extraditio .
 man who filmed cop 's fatal chokehold arrested on gun charges <sec> man who filmed deadly police confrontation arrested on gun charges .  ramsey orta captured on video an officer using a chokehold to restrain eric garner .  garner , an asthmatic , later die .
 lawsuit fears cause cops to pass on immigration checks <sec> police agencies declining to hold suspects for immigration authorities over lawsuit fears .  immigration and customs officials acknowledge that more than 100 agencies have opted out .  ice wanted suspects held before local authorities released them to check their immigration statu .
 top catholic exorcist : pedophiles tempted by satan , not possessed <sec> father gabriele amorth is chief exorcist at vatican ; he claims over 70,000 exorcisms .  he says the faithful believe `` in the power of exorcism to liberate from the devil '' .  amorth : `` pedophiles are not possessed by the devil , they are tempted by the devil '' .  priests from ireland to austria have been accused in growing child abuse scanda .
 timeline : the evolution of hamas <sec> military wing of hamas has admitted terrorist attacks on israeli civilians , soldiers .  hamas is considered terrorist organizations by israel and the united states .  it has wings devoted to religious , military , political and security activitie .
 cambodia reports thai incursions to u.n . <sec> cambodia : letter to security council meant to 'draw attention to crisis ' .  the two countries agreed to meet monday to defuse tensions .  both cambodia and thailand lay claim to 11th century preah vihear temple .  the international court of justice awarded the temple to cambodia in 196 .
 22 arrested in florida as part of 'pill mill ' crackdown <sec> five doctors and two pharmacists are among those arrested .  federal officials want to shut down clinics distributing prescription drugs illegally .  dea administrator calls florida `` an epicenter for rogue pain clinics .
 gop 's 'pledge to america ' lays out a governing agenda <sec> new : unlike 1994 `` contract with america , '' `` pledge '' has no specific legislation .  new : no pledge to ban earmarks .  ban on federal funding for abortion , support for `` traditional marriage '' included .  democrats call the gop positions a pledge to special interest .
 koch believes in an independent cato <sec> kevin gentry : charles koch has consistently championed libertarian ideas .  gentry : cato chairman robert levy would have you believe otherwise .  he says the koch brothers support independence for cato and have given it $ 40 million .  gentry : if levy does n't stop dispute , cato will weaken and lose its reputatio .
 man accused of wife 's beheading appears in court <sec> muzzammil hassan , accused of beheading wife , waived right to felony hearing .  hassan , founder of bridges tv , charged with second-degree murder .  hassan will be jailed without bail while case goes to grand jury .  if convicted , he faces a sentence of 15 years to lif .
 inquest : singer amy winehouse died of alcohol poisoning <sec> three empty vodka bottles were found in winehouse 's home , the inquest hears .  the singer 's personal security guard recounts details of her last hours .  her family hopes a foundation set up in her memory will help other young people .  winehouse was found dead at age 27 at her london home in jul .
 disney : 'star wars ' spinoffs there will be <sec> two writers tapped to develop screenplays for standalone films .  lucasfilm said the standalones will be written around one character .  next `` star wars '' film due out is episode vii .  michael arndt will write that one , and j.j. abrams will direc .
 opinion : obama sets good course on privacy debate <sec> marc rotenberg : president gave a historic speech about nsa reforms .  rotenberg : give obama credit in signaling a new direction on civil liberties , security .  he says but obama has not said enough yet to assure those outside the u.s . .  rotenberg : the u.s. should be the world 's leader on freedom , not surveillanc .
 robert bork , known for contentious supreme court nomination , dies at 85 <sec> conservative judge robert bork died wednesday .  he was best known for the confirmation battle over his 1987 supreme court nomination .  bork was a staunch advocate for a strict interpretation of the constitution .  he was 8 .
 officials warn of rabies outbreak in central park <sec> 28 rabid raccoons reported in new york park in past two months .  three cases were reported from 2003 through november .  authorities institute increased surveillance , vaccinations .  visitors warned to be wary of raccoons spotted during the da .
 saudi government : rape victim had illegal affair <sec> officials : woman and her companion were discovered in a `` compromising situation '' .  officials : victim and her companion caused the crime to take place .  woman convicted of violating law by not having a male guardian with her .  court more than doubled woman 's original sentence of 90 lashes to 20 .
 2nd victim in toronto mall shooting dies <sec> a 22-year-old man dies as a result of his injuries , police say .  christopher husbands is accused of opening fire in a busy toronto mall this month .  he was supposed to be under house arrest at the time of the shootin .
 opinion : nigeria kidnappings -- 'we ca n't let this be the new normal ' <sec> nigeria is home to 670,000 to 740,000 slaves , according to 2013 report .  john sutter : nigeria kidnappings highlight horrific worldwide problem .  sutter talks with slavery experts about what could happen to the kidnapping victims .  nigerian man : `` we ca n't let this be the new normal .
 commentary : when a black man was invited to the white house <sec> h.w . .  brands : roosevelt-washington white house dinner was controversial .  he says the the opposition was about power as well as about race .  african-americans have often been guests at the white house .  brands : when obama moves in , it will represent a leap in terms of powe .
 justin bieber : see his carefree days before the arrest <sec> justin bieber was arrested in miami , florida , on january 23 .  in the week and a half leading up to his arrest , he 's been vacationing with friends .  on instagram , he first shared photos of a snowy getaway .  his friend khalil also posted photos of the two in miam .
 tibetan dna study reveals human evolution <sec> ethnic tibetans took less than 3,000 years to adapt to high altitudes , study says .  professor : adaptation is fastest genetic change ever observed in humans .  study compares genomes of ethnic tibetan and han chinese .  evolution allows tibetans to thrive in high-altitude areas , researchers sa .
