 kane double as spurs beat arsenal <sec> tottenham beat arsenal in the north london derby 2-1 .  ozil gave arsenal a first half lead .  harry kane scored twice to secur .
 saving van gogh 's home from dereliction <sec> local authority in belgium working to save van gogh 's one-time home from dereliction .  municipality of colfontaine , belgium , plans to restore house , turn it into museum .  van gogh lived in region from 1878 to 1880 , at the time he decided to become an artist .  major exhibition covering artist 's time there slated for mons , european capital of culture , in 201 .
 witnesses : king 's supporters confront bahrain students <sec> new : bahrain 's crown prince says security is not negotiable and calls for dialogue .  riot police appear to shoot a man point blank with tear gas , a video shows .  about 5,000 university students demonstrate against the government .  it 's one of several protests in bahrain sunday , eyewitnesses sa .
 gordon ramsay scores new fox reality show : 'hotel hell ' <sec> fox has ordered a new series , `` hotel hell , '' featuring gordon ramsay .  ramsay will travel across the country to try and fix every aspect of struggling hotels .  he 'll have four shows on the air , more than any other broadcast network reality tv personalit .
 djokovic opens french open campaign with straight sets win <sec> new : roger federer beats feliciano lopez in french open first round .  novak djokovic beats thiemo de bakker to extend 2011 winning streak to 38 .  sixth seed tomas berdych crashes out to french unknown stephane robert .  defending champion rafael nadal in action tuesday against john isne .
 atlantic 's scientology ad crossed the line <sec> the atlantic published and pulled a sponsored scientology `` story '' .  ian schafer : on several levels , the ad was a mistake .  he says the content was heavy-handed and comments were being moderated .  schafer : experimenting to raise revenue makes sense , but standards should be clea .
 lack of democratic contest could alter michigan gop primary <sec> independents , democrats can vote in michigan 's open republican primary .  no democratic delegates at stake , and most top-tier candidates are n't on ballot .  economic woes top concern for michigan primary voter .
 baseball writers balk at hall of fame class of '13 <sec> new : writer says you do n't get pass on steroids because you were great before then .  barry bonds , roger clemens strike out with hall of fame voters .  none of the 37 players on the 2013 ballot received the 75 % support needed to enter the hall .  `` this really is a statement on an era , '' one baseball writer say .
 bangladesh top court declares corporal punishment at schools illegal <sec> bangladesh 's high court bans caning , beating and chaining in schools .  justices : `` such punishment is a clear violation of children 's fundamental rights '' .  the ruling applies to primary and secondary schools as well as islamic religious school .
 security experts warn of dangers of rogue wi-fi hotspots <sec> security experts warn wi-fi users to be more vigilant against hackers .  experts say it 's difficult to distinguish between legitimate and rogue networks .  wi-fi alliance says spread of wi-fi has n't led to an 'epidemic ' of hacking .  users urged to protect their networks , use vpn for sensitive dat .
 anne frank 's marbles rediscovered , to go on display in rotterdam <sec> anne frank gave her toys to a friend for safekeeping before going into hiding .  her friend kept the possessions for some 70 years .  the box of marbles will go on display at a world war ii exhibition .  this is the first time the colorful marbles will be shown to the publi .
 post-ferguson we need national commission on justice <sec> donna brazile : after ferguson decision , trust among black community has to be rebuilt .  she says justice system often unfair to blacks . .  it does n't mean u.s. backslid in gains on race .  she says americans want fairness . .  we need national commission on justice .  brazile : changes , forgiveness must come . .  but we can not pretend problem does n't exis .
 cnn student news transcript : september 9 , 2010 <sec> learn about the details of a pair of plans to boost the u.s. economy .  find out why some muslims are balancing celebrations with sensitivity .  discover why the space world is buzzing about a pair of asteroids .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 washington protesters push 'clean energy , ' protest coal use <sec> two protests on global warming issues hit washington .  group rallies for legislation to reduce carbon emissions , back `` clean '' energy .  separate group protests capitol power plant 's use of coal .  group : plant `` symbolizes the stranglehold coal has over our government and future .
 nearly intact mammoth skeleton a rare find in l.a . <sec> nearly intact skeleton of mammoth found at los angeles construction site .  columbian mammoth 's skeleton was unearthed near the la brea tar pits .  discovery called the museum 's most important in almost a century .  both of mammoth 's tusks were discovered intact -- a rare occurrenc .
 official : ethiopian pilot was told to change course <sec> search teams comb lebanese coast following ethiopian airlines plane crash .  pilot was told to change course prior to crash , transport minister says .  just 14 bodies found so far ; plane was carrying 90 crew and passengers .  plane disappeared from radar shortly after takeoff from beirut on monda .
 hannah anderson : dimaggio wanted me to play russian roulette <sec> hannah anderson : i heard my brother trying to scream in dimaggio 's house .  anderson says james dimaggio tried to make her play russian roulette with a real gun .  her mother and brother were found dead in dimaggio 's burned home .  the california teen was found after a week-long manhunt for her alleged capto .
 leaked cable : u.s. envoy criticized botswana on bushmen <sec> the 2005 cable obtained by wikileaks is published by the guardian .  the u.s. ambassador questioned how botswana removed indigenous bushmen from a game reserve .  gem diamonds received a 25-year , $ 3 billion license to mine diamonds in the reserve .  a government spokesman says the relocation and government aid have helped the bushme .
 ferrari 's alonso wins rain-hit malaysian grand prix <sec> fernando alonso wins malaysian gp for ferrari .  mexico 's sergio perez finishes second in his sauber .  pole sitter lewis hamilton completes podium .  world champion sebastian vettel out of the point .
 animal rights group rescues 800 dogs from china meat trade <sec> nearly 800 dogs were rescued by a chinese animal protection group .  the caged dogs were headed to slaughter for dog meat restaurants .  dog meat is a popular dish in certain regions of china , but now under attack .  in april 520 dogs were saved from dinner table by chinese animal-rights activist .
 unc drops honor code case against student <sec> unc-chapel hill drops honor-court case against woman .  student had accused an ex-boyfriend of rape ; she was taken to student honor court .  university suspends portion of honor code .  outside review found no retaliation against studen .
 senator : fda to ban caffeinated alcohol drinks <sec> sen. charles schumer says fda will ban caffeinated alcohol drinks .  critics say the drinks are unsafe and appeal to minors .  new york , washington , utah , michigan and oklahoma already ban the drink .
 iran appoints first female foreign ministry spokeswoman <sec> new president has pushed for more women in high-profile positions in iran .  career diplomat marzieh afkham often will be face of foreign ministry .  foreign minister : `` we need to wash our eyes and see differently '' .  iran scholar calls appointment `` an extremely bold move .
 couple at state dinner met president , white house official says <sec> white house official : couple met obama in reception line .  secret service 'embarrassed ' it did n't prevent couple from entering event .  white house : tareq and michaele salahi appeared at state dinner uninvited .  secret service looking for couple , manager say .
 warning shots fired at three north korean ships crossing sea border <sec> south korean navy fires at three north korean patrol boats tuesday .  north 's boats crossed northern limit line around 4 p.m. , south korean official say .
 florida police arrest mother for alleged role in trying to sell son <sec> stephanie bigbee fleming , 22 , was already incarcerated on unrelated charges .  she conspired with her mother to sell the infant , police say .  the baby remains in the custody of the florida department of children and familie .
 daschle withdraws as hhs nominee <sec> new : president obama accepts tom daschle 's decision `` with sadness and regret '' .  daschle 's nomination questioned due to tax problems , work in recent years .  move follows withdrawal of obama 's pick for chief performance officer .  daschle has long history with congress , was senate majority leade .
 girls charged in slenderman stabbing deemed competent <sec> morgan geyser and anissa weier are being charged as adults with attempted murder .  they are accused of stabbing another girl more than a dozen times in may .  a preliminary hearing is set for february 1 .
 kvitova , berdych give czechs team title <sec> petra kvitova and tomas berdych give czech republic victory in hopman cup teams event .  women 's no . .  2 kvitova ends the week in australia unbeaten in four singles matches .  czech players andrea hlavackova and lucie hradecka win first doubles title of wta tour season .  estonia 's kaia kanepi claims her first title by winning final of the brisbane international even .
 souks , sea and surf : riding giants in morocco <sec> morocco becoming known as a surfer 's paradise .  town of essaouira used to do a big trade in fish - now it 's famous for its surfing .  many fishermen have traded in their nets to set up surf school .
 'glee ' star jane lynch to make broadway debut as miss hannigan in 'annie ' <sec> jane lynch will make her broadway debut this spring in the hit musical revival of `` annie '' .  she 'll play miss hannigan , the drunken head of young annie 's orphanage .  she 'll appear in the musical for eight weeks only , from may 16 through july 1 .
 police : u.s. olympic skier peterson takes own life <sec> police say he called them with his location .  he was found dead in area east of salt lake city .  jeret peterson won silver medal at 2010 winter game .
 television pitchman kevin trudeau is headed to prison <sec> kevin trudeau was sentenced to 10 years in federal prison on monday .  the tv pitchman and author was convicted by a jury in 2013 .  trudeau was found guilty of misrepresenting his weight-loss books .  prosecutors called trudeau an `` uncontrollable huckster .
 police tow funeral home van with body inside <sec> van parked illegally outside funeral home for three hours , police say .  funeral director tells newspaper he left to get paperwork , make phone call .  body was to be transported to newark for an airplane fligh .
 new york yankees manager wins good samaritan title <sec> on way home from world series win , joe girardi stops to help motorist .  girardi comes upon wrecked car on highway outside new york .  he makes sure driver is safe , gets her out of harm 's way .  `` she had no idea who i was , '' girardi says in radio intervie .
 braves pitching coach is suspended after allegations of lewd behavior <sec> roger mcdowell is suspended for two weeks and fined .  he has said he is sorry for the way he acted .  mlb commissioner says insensitive conduct `` can not and will not be tolerated .
 controversy over 'lost ' ansel adams photos turns negative <sec> new : ansel adams ' trustee says garage sale claim is a `` con job '' .  new : the lawyer for the man who found photos calls adams ' trustee an `` elitist '' .  new : an appraiser says the controversy is fueling sales of photo prints .  photographer 's grandson wants more tests before he accepts photos as adams .
 'violent ' director park chan-wook 's hopeful vision for seoul <sec> director brother duo tapped for new seoul crowd-sourcing movie .  participants upload videos to official channel ; prizes include cars , plane tickets .  despite reputation for violent movies , park chan-wook excited to deliver message of hop .
 virginia train derailment probe gets under way <sec> new : an oil sheen stretches for about nine miles on the james river , an official says .  a total of 13 of the 105 cars in wednesday 's crash derailed , ntsb official says .  three tank cars that fell into the james river were being hauled out thursday .  `` this will be a well-orchestrated industrial ballet , '' investigator say .
 1961 car found in magazine pile may fetch $ 14 million <sec> 60 luxury cars sat on the grounds of a french mogul 's estate for decades .  roger baillon wanted to build a museum for the cars , but his business declined .  a 1961 ferrari is expected to fetch up to $ 14.9 million at auction in february .  the auctioneer says it once belonged to actor alain delon and that jane fonda rode in i .
 u.n. security council condemns syrian government crackdown <sec> new : ban calls the events over the past few days in syria `` brutally shocking '' .  the eight-paragraph statement condemns the government 's crackdown .  it also calls for an end to violence by all partie .
 challenges of new cambodia stock exchange <sec> the cambodian stock exchange started trading with one company on april 18 .  there are neither capital controls nor requirements for joint ventures .  but despite incentives , the stock exchange faces many challenge .
 queen rania most inspirational leader of 2008 <sec> queen rania voted `` the spirit of ... '' most inspirational leader of 2008 .  online readers acknowledge her work with education , women 's rights and islam .  queen rania personally encourages open dialogue through her youtube channe .
 report on benghazi attack cites 'systemic failures ' <sec> the report cites `` management deficiencies '' at high levels of the state department .  it concludes `` there was no protest prior to the attacks '' on september 11 .  staffing for the bureau of diplomatic security was `` inadequate , '' report say .
 opinion : will 'mayor naughty ' please step down ? <sec> ruben navarrette : 80 % of san diegans want embarrassing mayor bob filner to resign .  so far , 16 women accuse filner of sexual harassment , inappropriate touching .  navarrette calls him a narcissist who wants to lead so badly he does n't care no one wants him .  he says filner could drag democratic party down with him , and give county back to go .
 driver apprehended in catholic bishop 's stabbing death in turkey <sec> new : slain catholic bishop 's driver captured in stabbing death , turkish ministry says .  apostolic vicar of anatolia killed .  vatican : tragedy shows `` difficulty '' of christians in middle east .  u.s. agency : catholics `` occasionally subjected '' to attack .
 uk deports radical cleric abu qatada to jordan <sec> new : jordan will hold a fair trial for qatada for alleged terrorist attacks .  he was convicted of two counts of conspiracy to cause explosions .  britain has been trying to deport abu qatada since 2005 .  videos of his sermons were found in an apartment used by some involved in 9/11 attack .
 why you should vote for romney <sec> william bennett says romney 's business acumen gives him an advantage at fixing economy .  bennett : romney is portrayed as uncaring , but he is compassionate and generous .  bennett : he would cut federal spending as a share of gdp to 20 % , reform tax code .  romney will approve the keystone pipeline and stop epa 's war on coal , he say .
 rumors influencing health care debate <sec> claims that have been debunked continue to pop up in town hall meetings , protests .  dems say `` ugly campaign '' under way to misrepresent proposals , disrupt debate .  gop says dems trying to rush through a bill that eventually would lead to rationing .  end-of-life provision that sparked `` death panel '' rumor dropped from senate versio .
 chang 's 'underhand ' tactics stunned lendl and made tennis history <sec> michael chang won french open in 1989 aged just 17 .  win over top seed ivan lendl in last 16 paved way for grand slam triumph .  chang famously served underhand in the fifth set against the world no.1 .  he beat stefan edberg in the final in five sets but never won another grand slam titl .
 report : u.s. needs immigration boost of high-skilled workers <sec> a report says immigration reform should boost numbers of highly-skilled foreign workers in u.s . .  report : without reform , the u.s. could lag behind in the `` global race for talent '' .  report : educated immigrants contribute more to the economy than illegal immigrants drai .
 mom dead , teen charged in violent calif. bank robbery <sec> new : dead suspects were members of norteã±os street gang , police say .  jaime ramos , 19 , charged with murder , robbery after violent police chase .  police chief : suspects at one point got away but set up ambush rather than flee .  chase ends in gunbattle after which police find hostage , two suspects dea .
 indian diplomat seeks dismissal of charges , return to u.s . <sec> devyani khobragade returned india last week .  she was indicted on federal counts of visa fraud and making false statements .  the former deputy consul general was strip-searched after her arres .
 record-setting manchester united eye asian riches <sec> manchester united 's turnover increases by almost $ 73 million to $ 536 million .  epl club considering plan to raise $ 1 billion on the singapore stock exchange .  united 's net debt stands at $ 498.7 million despite recent commercial successes .  they won the premier league last year and were finalists in the champions leagu .
 williams puts daughter on board as he approaches f1 twilight <sec> williams founder frank williams will step down from the team 's board next month .  williams founded the british team in 1977 and the marque has won nine constructors ' titles .  his daughter claire will move onto the board as director of marketing and communications .  williams have not won a grand prix since juan pablo montayo 's victory in brazil in 200 .
 aristide 's lawyer dismisses state department warning <sec> new : `` the u.s. has worked `` to keep him halfway around the world , '' aristide 's lawyer says .  the exiled former president has declared his intent to return .  a runoff election is set for sunday .  aristide 's return could destabilize the process , the state department say .
 tennessee teachers accused in test fraud <sec> clarence mumford , 58 , faces a 45-count indictment .  prosecutors say he charged teachers to have other people take their certification exams .  the alleged scheme ran from 1995-2010 , and operated in three state .
 indonesian cleric arrested for role in starting militant training camp <sec> police : bashir funded and approved of a terror plot .  bashir is the one-time leader of jemaah islamiyah .  he now heads another hardline group .  police raided the second group 's headquarters in ma .
 shirley robertson talks about her sydney gold medal <sec> how `` the girl from scotland '' won her first olympic gold medal .  why sydney is far more than just a place to race : from rugged headlands to bustling harbors .  robertson recalls battling back from 16th place to secure the wi .
 all blacks overcome bogey team france to reach rugby world cup quarterfinals <sec> new zealand beat france 37-17 to reach rugby world cup quarterfinals .  all blacks have maximimum points after three of four group a matches .  second-placed france likely to play england in the last eight of tournament .  england thrash romania 67-3 , scoring 10 tries , to move clear at top of group .
 survivors mark 1-year anniversary of costa concordia disaster <sec> new : in a television interview , the ship 's captain says he was not responsible for the wreck .  family members and survivors mark the anniversary with a somber memorial .  the costa concordia ran aground off italian island last year , killing 32 people .  several hundred passengers are in giglio to commemorate the anniversar .
 funding jesus : who bankrolled christ 's ministry ? <sec> some of jesus ' most important financial backers were women , historians say . .  joseph of arimathea and nicodemus , both men of stature and wealth , chipped in to help fund jesus ' ministry .
 man convicted in child 's videotaped sexual assault <sec> new : chester arthur stiles guilty of all counts in child sex video case .  new : sentencing for stiles scheduled for may 8 .  stiles could be sent to prison for the rest of his life .  tape surfaced in 2007 , years after alleged assaul .
 moody : no easy groups at rugby world cup <sec> lewis moody tells cnn there are no easy games at the rugby world cup .  the england captain is out of his team 's opening game on saturday .  their opponents in the dunedin clash will be argentin .
