 max weinberg officially splits with conan o'brien <sec> max weinberg wo n't be going with conan o'brien to conan 's new show on tbs .  guitarist jimmy vivino will be leading the house musicians .  weinberg was with conan from the beginning of `` late night with conan o'brien '' in 199 .
 obama praises mccain , calls for bipartisan cooperation <sec> new : john mccain : president-elect `` has my sincere best wishes for his success '' .  barack obama praises sen. john mccain 's leadership at bipartisan dinner .  `` the energy on the streets is something i 've never seen before , '' d.c. resident says .  obama urges students to join him and take responsibilit .
 u.s. tensions rise over china 's currency policy <sec> the u.s. senate considers imposing punitive tariffs on china for allegedly manipulating the rmb .  u.s. president barack obama said china is manipulating its currency but expressed concerns about backing the bill .  china opposes the bill , warning it `` seriously violates rules of the world trade organization and obstructs china-u.s. trade ties .
 7 missing , 14 rescued after south korean ship sinks <sec> foreign ministry : one person was rescued tuesday , about 20 hours after a distress call .  it is unclear why the ship sank on monday .  report : the 15,000-ton sunken vessel was hijacked by somali pirates in 200 .
 who was parliament shooter michael zehaf-bibeau ? <sec> u.s. source : zehaf-bibeau has `` connections '' online with jihadists .  he had been staying at a shelter in ottawa since early october .  his mother told police that zehaf-bibeau wanted to go to syria , official says .  authorities say he killed a canadian soldier , attacked parliament before his deat .
 report : kim kardashian gives birth to baby girl <sec> boyfriend kanye west was there for the delivery , e ! .  reports .  the baby is the daughter of kim kardashian and west , an acclaimed rapper .  the parents started dating last year , after kardashian 's marriage ended .  kardashian is a reality star with 18 million twitter follower .
 ukrainian helicopter shot down days after cease-fire <sec> militants hit helicopter with missile , ukrainian spokesman says .  all nine aboard are believed to have been killed , spokesman says .  attack comes less than week after ukraine 's president declared cease-fire with separatist .
 jury selection begins in kwame kilpatrick corruption case <sec> the jury panel will be whittled down from a pool of more than 200 candidates .  twelve jurors will decide the fate of the former detroit mayor and three associates .  prosecutors say the men were involved in rigging millions of dollars in city contracts .  all four men have maintained their innocenc .
 'on china : ' experts discuss new generation of leaders <sec> `` on china '' panelists discuss china 's upcoming leadership transition .  three china experts give their views on party factionalism and presumptive leader xi jinping .  china 's communist party due to meet in early november to announce new leadership .  `` on china '' is a new monthly show hosted by cnn 's kristie lu stou .
 still no deal in forming greek coalition <sec> new : politicians in greece hold unsuccessful talks to form a government .  new : socialist pasok leader to meet with greek president .  a poll find leftist syriza party growing in popularity .  new elections must be called if a new government is n't formed by thursda .
 restoration begins on inscription at jfk grave <sec> john f. kennedy delivered famous inaugural address in january 1961 .  he asked americans to serve their country .  inscription at his arlington grave site is being restore .
 white house pets have long pedigree in political squalls <sec> dog lovers and comedians are sinking their canines into tales of romney and obama .  the dustups are nothing new ; the white house has a long history of animal occupants .  john q. adams ' gator , tr 's and coolidge 's menageries were legendary , and taft had a cow .  from fala to checkers to lbj 's beagles , treatment of dogs has resonated with the publi .
 'call of duty ' to let gamers track stats across platforms <sec> `` call of duty '' franchise is launching a special service alongside new game .  `` call of duty elite '' will have a free stat-tracking component and a paid service .  `` modern warfare 3 '' hits stores tuesday and is expected to be another big hi .
 best western facts <sec> best western is the world 's largest hotel chain .  based in 80 countries worldwide , it has a total of 316,095 rooms .  it was one of the first lodging brands to offer online bookin .
 natasha richardson dies after ski fall <sec> actress natasha richardson fell monday while skiing .  richardson appeared fine , but became ill soon after .  actress , 45 , was daughter of vanessa redgrave , wife of liam neeson .  family says they are `` shocked and devastated , '' thank all for suppor .
 judge stays deportation of accused nazi death camp guard <sec> new : judge reopens deportation hearings on accused former death camp guard .  new : john demjanjuk 's attorney says client 's health `` has seriously deteriorated . '' .  demjanjuk , 89 , has been fighting charges of war crimes for more than two decades .  germany accuses him of being accessory to 29,000 murders at sobibo .
 bullet train collision in china claims 35 lives <sec> new : about 210 are injured .  rescue operations continue .  the accident was in eastern china .  some passengers had to break windows to get ou .
 snow blankets tornado rubble , complicating cleanup <sec> new : 40 were killed when tornadoes tore through five states .  new : `` i just started praying for everybody , '' says one resident .  snow falls on debris in west liberty , kentucky .  roads are slick as crews work to restore power in tornado-ravaged area .
 khedira 's late winner gives germany third place at world cup <sec> sami khedira heads late winner as germany finish third at world cup in south africa .  the 2006 hosts come from behind to beat uruguay 3-2 in playoff in port elizabeth .  germans bounce back from semifinal loss to spain , who face netherlands on sunday .  thomas muller and diego forlan join the tournament 's top scorers on five goal .
 russia 's vladimir putin visits victims of volgograd blasts <sec> president vladimir putin meets with security officials , blast victims in volgograd .  `` there is no justification for committing crimes against civilians , '' putin says .  the two attacks in the space of 24 hours killed 34 people , state media say .  the first suspected suicide blast hit volgograd 's main rail station , the second a trolley bu .
 world 's oldest man , wwi vet , dies aged 113 <sec> henry allingham died in his sleep at a care home in ovingdean , england .  queen elizabeth , prime minister gordon brown pay respects to allingham .  born in 1896 , allingham was active until his final days .  guinness book of world records says allingham was world 's oldest ma .
 why the mariah carey christmas movie has to happen <sec> new line cinema is reportedly planning a mariah carey christmas movie .  carey was queen of the '90s , and that decade is totally hot no .
 after 15 years on death row , freedom <sec> `` it 's been a long journey , '' says damon a. thibodeaux .  he was sentenced to death in 1997 for the rape and murder of his 14-year-old step-cousin .  `` this is a damn good day at the office , '' his lawyer say .
 flood-ravaged australia braces for more rising water <sec> new : city of emerald is isolated , accessible only by helicopter .  half of queensland has been declared a disaster zone .  helicopters help evacuate an entire town of 300 peopl .
 police reach out to dead man 's mom on facebook <sec> woman is angry after police sent facebook message asking her to call .  anna lamb-creasey did n't find the notification for three weeks .  facebook messages from non-friends go into a little-known `` other '' folde .
 dozens dead after boat sinks off turkey 's coast <sec> new : death toll rises to 61 after disaster in aegean sea .  news agency says boat carried palestinians and syrians whom officials called illegal migrants .  46 people rescued : two went to a hospital , rest got checkups at a police station , agency say .
 an upturn for london 's upturned table ? <sec> new plans to rejuvenate the iconic battersea power station site have been unveiled .  a new chimney and eco-dome form part of a 21st century blueprint for sustainability .  critics remain unconvinced that the new development is desirable or achievabl .
 somali man pleads guilty in virginia to attack on u.s. vessel <sec> jama idle ibrahim admitted he intended to capture a u.s. merchant ship .  instead , he and his colleagues targeted a u.s. navy vessel .  a 30-year prison sentence is being recommende .
 3 children , 1 adult found dead in florida home <sec> police start a homicide probe after finding 4 people dead in tallahassee .  police believe two of the victims were 6-years-old , and another was age 3 .  authorities are trying to determine a cause of death , have n't named a suspec .
 tornado outbreak is 2nd deadliest on record <sec> it 's also on record as creating the most number of tornadoes in a single day .  noaa : the deadliest single day for tornadoes was in 1925 when 747 people died .  the historic research records date back to 1680 , noaa say .
 wozniacki cruises into u.s. open second round <sec> top seed caroline wozniacki eased into the second round of the u.s. open at flushing meadows , by beating chelsey gullickson .  maria sharapova fought back from one set down to defeat australia 's jarmila groth in three sets .  serbia 's jelena jankovic recovered from match point down to beat world number 96 simona hale .
 young boy falls to death at staples center <sec> new : lucas anthony tang , 2 , fell at the staples center in los angeles .  new : an autopsy is pending .  the boy fell from a luxury suite shortly after a lakers-warriors game .  authorities are investigating the circumstances surrounding the boy 's deat .
 top designer shares secret of staying in vogue <sec> lydia maurer is artistic director of paris label paco rabanne women 's ready-to-wear .  the 29-year-old replaced indian fashion designer manish arora in june .  prior to that she worked for givenchy and on martine sitbon 's rue de mail label .  the german designer has just shown her first collection at paris fashion wee .
 barring smokers from hospital jobs unfair <sec> the university of pennsylvania health system said it will no longer hire smokers .  arthur caplan : keeping smokers out of the hospital work force is ethically hard to digest .  he says it 's there are many unhealthy habits out there . .  it 's unfair to make them job killers .  caplan : should n't doctors and nurses learn to work with those who stray from good health .
 unrest among uyghur residents in china <sec> ethnic uyghur residents in urumqi , capital of xinjiang region , take to the streets .  china 's official media says protesters attacked passersby , burned buses .  protest prompts a police lockdown of the city .  protest may be a reaction to racial violence in southern guangdong provinc .
 fury over rabin killer tv interviews <sec> the israeli broadcasters say they decided not to air the entire interviews .  both channels teased the interviews with yigal amir in their news broadcasts .  amir : notion of killing rabin came to him at a wedding .  amir also claimed he was influenced by rightist israeli politician .
 kerry announces agreement for resuming mideast peace talks <sec> palestinian authority says `` if things go well , '' talks could begin in washington in `` coming days '' .  `` four years of political stagnation are coming to an end , '' israel 's justice minister says .  hamas in gaza dismisses peace negotiations as `` useless '' .  a report says peace formula involves a landmark concession from israe .
 messenger probe to make death dive into mercury <sec> spacecraft to crash on mercury this month .  messenger probe has been in orbit since 201 .
 hurricane season could be 'active or extremely active ' <sec> noaa predicts three to seven `` major '' hurricanes in the atlantic .  hurricane season starts tuesday .  unusually warm tropical atlantic surface temperatures are expected to boost storm .
 marshal caught on video smashing beatriz paez 's phone <sec> beatriz paez was walking sunday when she saw police activity .  she says marshals told her to stop recording but she refused .  marshals service said it is looking into incident after man took her phone and smashed i .
 frank arthur janssen kidnapped in 'elaborate ' plot ; fbi rescues him <sec> fbi : frank arthur janssen was abducted from his home five days ago .  fbi rescue team freed him from an atlanta apartment building wednesday .  demands sent for `` benefit '' of inmate whom daughter prosecuted , officials say .  five people face federal kidnapping charges , law enforcement officials sa .
 six nations wins for ireland and england <sec> ireland open defense of six nations rugby title with 29-11 victory at home to italy .  flyhalf ronan o'gara becomes first player to score 500 points in the tournament .  england defeat wales 30-17 at twickenham as visitors pay for alun wyn-jones ' sin-binning .  hosts score 17 points while lock is off field for leg-tripping england 's dylan hartle .
 a blogger 's view of miami <sec> sara is a freelance writer and film maker who blogs about miami 's nightlife .  she says miami is a place of unbridled optimism and great opportunity .  the city has a vibrant arts scene and exciting international cuisine , says sar .
 opposition lawmakers in turkey boycott swearing-in ceremony <sec> kurds , secularists were upset that several newly elected candidates were barred .  kurdish lawmakers gathered in diyarbakir instead of ankara .  two chp members won elections on theiparty 's ballots from jai .
 augusta national membership is latest honor for trailblazer rice <sec> the nation 's former top diplomat breaks into the clubby ranks of men at augusta .  `` i am delighted and honored to be a member , '' she says .  augusta welcomed its first black member in 199 .
 bolivia 's morales replaces 3 ministers in cabinet <sec> evo morales reinstates 17 of the 20 ministers in his cabinet .  he replaces the energy , environment and production ministers .  the shakeup is timed to coincide with the start of his sixth year in offic .
 big thinker : jeremy rifkin <sec> jeremy rifkin is principal voices ' big thinker on the economics of energy .  over his career , he has examined emerging trends in science and technology .  rifkin has helped shape american public policy and now advises the eu .  since 1977 he has been president of the foundation on economic trend .
 how did he die ? brazil 's former president exhumed <sec> the remains of former brazilian president joao goulart are being studied .  there are suspicions about how he really died .  he was given full state honors at a ceremony thursday .  other latin american leaders have also been exhumed for similar reason .
 gunmen attack u.s. diplomatic vehicle in mexico <sec> new : there are conflicting reports on the nationalities of the injured .  unknown gunmen attacked the u.s. vehicle on a highway near cuernavaca .  the u.s. state department is aware of the reports , but has no immediate commen .
 duo banned ahead of england v france world cup clash <sec> delon armitage and fabrice estebanez banned from rugby world cup quarterfinals .  armitage of england and estebanez of france to miss saturday 's clash .  wing armitage given one-week ban , center estebanez handed three-week sanctio .
 nephew , niece allege polygamist sect leader warren jeffs abused them <sec> new : jeffs ' niece , sobbing , tells jurors she was sexually assaulted by her uncle .  jeffs requests to be excused to avoid hearing his religion degraded .  prosecutors say the penalty phase of the trial could last several days .  the polygamist sect leader faces a maximum sentence of life in priso .
 ireporters flee ike , brave gas lines <sec> long gas lines reported as hurricane ike approaches .  gas prices jumped overnight in canada .  police had to restore order at north carolina gas stations .  are you in ike 's path ? .  send photos , video .
 u.s. marine charged in death of transgender woman <sec> scott pemberton is charged in the death of jeffrey laude , 26 , also known as jennifer .  laude 's body showed signs of strangulation .  her body was found with her head in a toile .
 asylum seeker hunger strike 'not over ' on manus island <sec> hunger strikes enter ninth day on manus island , papua new guinea .  1,200 asylum seekers who entered australian waters have been taken there for processing .  they fear plans to move some to another facility will leave them vulnerable to attack from local .
 beckham : galacticos to galaxy <sec> beckham has agreed to a five-year contract with los angeles galaxy .  new contract took effect july 1 , 2007 .  former english captain to meet press , unveil new shirt number friday .  cnn to look at beckham as footballer , fashion icon and global phenomeno .
 supreme court to hear appeal over abortion clinic buffer zones <sec> supreme court will hear first amendment case wednesday .  case is about protest buffer zone near abortion clinics in massachusetts .  zone supporters say it protects against harassment .  critics say it limits their right to talk with patient .
 debris from grounded ship washes up on new zealand beach <sec> police close waihi beach as shipping containers come ashore .  the cargo ship broke in two over the weekend .  it ran aground off new zealand 's north island in october .  government : spill is country 's most significant maritime environmental disaste .
 lady gaga visits julian assange in london <sec> lady gaga spends five hours with julian assange at the ecuadorian embassy .  pop star was in london to launch her new perfume at harrods .  pictures show lady gaga dressed as a witc .
 criminal investigators visit massachusetts drug facility <sec> justice , fda investigators at facility tied to meningitis outbreak .  the outbreak has been linked to the massachusetts compounding pharmacy .  the number of meningitis cases is now up to 245 with 19 deaths , according to the cd .
 tough choices for america 's hungry <sec> more than 1 in 10 americans are part of the federal food assistance program .  some people say it is hard or impossible to make ends meet , even with help .  president obama 's economic stimulus plan could increase food-stamp funding .  cnn 's sean callebs will live on $ 176 this month to learn about life on food stamp .
 hackers target cia , mexican , alabama websites <sec> new : a cia spokeswoman says the agency is `` working to resolve '' the problems .  a site tied to anonymous claims the group took down the cia 's public website .  a site linked to the hacking group posts e-mails tied to mexico 's mining industry .  alabama says information was `` compromised '' after state sites were hacke .
 cisterns save rainwater , quench environmental thirst <sec> water supply problem in the west has turned into a crisis .  rainwater represents half of all the water that los angeles needs .  california aqueduct is almost a century old and wastes enormous amount of energ .
 haiti 's prime minister quits after just a few months <sec> new : the president asks investors to keep calm , tells haitians they can count on him .  new : united nations urges leaders to appoint a new pm as soon as possible .  haiti is still reeling from a devastating 2010 earthquake .  garry conille just assumed the pm role in octobe .
 nadal and djokovic win in monte carlo <sec> rafael nadal beats jarkko nieminen in first round of monte carlo masters .  defending champions nadal aiming for a record eighth title .  tops seed novak djokovic beat alexandr dolgopolov in first round .  djokovic aiming to break nadal 's clay court stranglehol .
