 family learned over internet that son was killed <sec> jamal bana had been missing for months ; family learns of his death via internet .  death is part of wider federal inquiry of terror recruiting by somali group in u.s . .  imam of minneapolis mosque says terror recruiters are not at his mosque .  two men charged in u.s. with providing material support to terrorist .
 opinion : pray for peace , not for expanding israeli settlements <sec> prayer space at western wall may become politicized , rabbi jill jacobs writes .  she says a portion open to both men and women is being ceded to a settler group .  jacobs says people who want to pray together do n't want to be endorsing settlers .  she says israeli authorities , north american jews should oppose the mov .
 williams reveal 2010 f1 championship entry <sec> williams are first of the 10 current formula one teams to confirm 2010 entry .  the team say they still support the unified efforts to scrap new rules changes .  the deadline for entries for the 2010 f1 world championship closes this frida .
 investors welcome el-sisi on inauguration day <sec> stock markets rallied as abdel fattah el-sisi assumed egypt 's presidency .  move to military rule seen as path to stability and predictability that investors in egypt are craving for .  el-sisi has to deal with high unemployment , inflation and a budget defici .
 toshiba quits hd dvd 'format war ' <sec> toshiba says it will no longer make or market hd dvd players and recorders .  move delivers victory to rival sony 's blu-ray disc technology for next-generation video .  toshiba lost because it lacks retail presence in many key markets , analysts sa .
 southwest 's rewards makeover 'very big ' <sec> southwest has unveiled an improved rapid rewards program .  members can now redeem points on every seat , every day and on every flight .  earn or use points at least once every 24 months , and you 'll keep your points forever .  southwest 's rewards program is now more competitive with those of the legacy carrier .
 nazi gold hunt ends , treasure hunter claims <sec> digging in search of lost nazi gold to be called off , one treasure hunter says .  second hunter tells bild it may resume in two weeks .  the dig is in the mountains around deutschneudorf , germany .  treasure hunters hope to find valuables looted from russia during world war i .
 u.s. deploys stealth fighter jets to south korea <sec> new : south korean president warns of `` strong response '' to any provocation .  u.s. deploys f-22s to south korea as part of joint military exercises , u.s. official says .  the pentagon says north korean threats follow a familiar pattern .  north korea threatens `` all-out war and nuclear war '' on its enemies , state news report .
 websites enable sexual predators , florida sheriff 's department says <sec> security measures are weak , polk county sheriff says .  22 men from at least 4 states arrested in florida .  men believed they were about to have sex with mino .
 ohio man , 52 , indicted for murder in craigslist job ad killings <sec> new : calling it `` the worst of the worst , '' a prosecutor says the case merits a death penalty .  new : attorney general call the acts `` serial killings '' and says there may be more victims .  beasley , 52 , is accused of killing three men who answered a craigslist ad to work on a farm .  ohio 's attorney general says beasley lured `` vulnerable people and then execute ( d ) them .
 kevin-prince boateng 's protest : year zero in football 's racism fight ? <sec> kevin-prince boateng 's walk-off protest marked pivotal moment in soccer 's racism battle .  milan midfielder left the field after being abused during match with pro patria .  he now sits on fifa 's anti-racism task force as authorities reacted to his protest .  both uefa and fifa have passed new laws to try and eradicate racism from the gam .
 farm worker dispute holding up immigration bill <sec> dispute over agricultural workers is slowing progress on immigration reform .  key sticking points for the gang of eight are wages and the number of visas for farm workers .  senate and the house are hoping to release immigration reform plans soo .
 lots of suspicion , few leads in peterson mystery <sec> stacy peterson disappeared on october 28 , 2007 .  she was in a tumultuous marriage with a possessive husband , friends say .  drew peterson , an ex-cop , is prime suspect , but says she ran off .  tip ? .  call 815-740-0678 or the family tip line , 866-847-5143 .
 democrats renew push for removal of oil liability cap <sec> top democrats say removal of oil spill liability cap needs to be permanent .  the 1990 oil pollution act caps liability at $ 75 million .  republicans warn a removal of liability caps would create an oil monopoly .  it `` could set back this nation 's energy future for decades , '' senator warn .
 federal lawsuit filed against atlanta police over raid at gay club <sec> gay bar patrons allege police used anti-gay slurs , violent tactics during raid .  police raided the atlanta eagle bar in september ; patrons say they feared for their lives .  atlanta official said he had n't been served with suit and would n't commen .
 opinion : we need an arms trade treaty now <sec> djimon hounsou : south sudan faces many challenges , including overflow of weapons .  hounsou : arms trade treaty will help restrict flow of weapons in conflict-ridden regions .  he says international governments should support treaty , help stop bloodshed .  hounsou : without widely accessible weapons , people of south sudan will be safe .
 diane von furstenberg , the wonder woman <sec> wonder woman inspired diane von furstenberg 's latest fashion collection .  the 1940s comic book character is considered one of america 's most patriotic .  diane von furstenberg : `` there 's a wonder woman inside every one of us '' .  proceeds will go to vital voices , a group that empowers women worldwid .
 how african innovation can take on the world <sec> africa must shift to technology-driven development , says professor calestous juma .  invest in biotechnology , and adapt learnings to other sectors , he says .  africa must support tech startups and help them to scale u .
 hamilton crashes out at jerez on opening day of mercedes testing <sec> mercedes star lewis hamilton crashes out of opening day of testing wednesday .  problem traced to the hydraulic brake line connecting to the right-rear caliper .  marussia appoints brazil 's luis razia as its second drive for new season .  razia replaces timo glock and will partner britain 's max chilto .
 palin 's husband wo n't testify in trooper inquiry , campaign says <sec> todd palin wo n't comply with lawmakers ' subpoenas , mccain camp says .  lawmakers are investigating firing of former alaska public safety commissioner .  spokeswoman says law bars ethics inquiries of candidates .  leader of investigation says it will continue until otherwise ordere .
 blame michael jackson for his own death , not aeg live , lawyer argues <sec> new : producers just thought jackson was tired , afraid and aging , aeg lawyer says .  new : jackson lawyer set for rebuttal thursday morning .  `` the sad truth is mr. jackson 's death was caused by his choices , '' says aeg lawyer .  a jackson lawyer conceded tuesday the singer may have some fault for his own deat .
 an empty everest : but should you climb ? <sec> cleonice pacheco weidlich refuses to abandon her everest climb after 16 killed in mountain tragedy .  disaster prompted concerns over conditions on mountain and calls for an early end to climbing season .  some sherpas complained over pay and a lack of respect for their traditions and towards those who died .  weidlich says her solo attempt on lhotse peak had the backing of sherpas who she says treated her wel .
 august heat can be risky for athletes <sec> each year , nearly 10,000 high school athletes in the u.s. suffer heat-related illnesses .  dehydration and heat exhaustion are n't the only hazards of exercising on hot days .  heat stroke occurs when your body temperature hits 105 degree .
 los angeles sports teams go from good to bad <sec> mike downey says l.a. teams are `` playing 99 cent store ball '' .  `` socal is in the midst of some kind of too-big-to-fail madness , '' he says .  downey : `` we 've seen our more famous teams go from good to bad .
 obama meets with dalai lama despite chinese objections <sec> new : china `` expresses strong dissatisfaction , '' foreign ministry spokesman says .  dalai lama is a nobel peace prize laureate ; beijing regards him as a dangerous `` separatist '' .  pair meet in white house map room , a choice some say is a bow to beijing 's sensitivities .  analyst : u.s. , china `` need each other '' to deal with global security , financial , climate issue .
 australia trying to rescue people stranded near christmas island <sec> new : 28 are dead after boat carrying asylum seekers crashes into cliffs .  new : australian minister says 44 have been rescued .  the group will be transferred to christmas island , police sa .
 opinion : racist remarks are n't the real problem <sec> granderson : bashing cliven bundy 's remarks is easy , but he 's not face of today 's racism .  he says politicians denounce remarks even as they push or abide de facto racist policies .  he says gerrymandering , stand-your-ground laws , voter id laws all are racism 2.0 .  granderson : look for real racism in spending on jails , not school .
 is the clinton magic gone in arkansas ? <sec> hillary clinton is the former first lady of arkansas .  but arkansas might not be friendly to clinton if she runs for president .  clinton 's challenge reflects broader political changes in the sout .
 norad keeping santa on its radar <sec> new : michelle obama takes some calls from children .  the north american aerospace defense command started tracking santa in the 1950s .  this season , santa trackers are expected to receive more than 100,000 calls , 10,000 e-mails .  some questions stray from the typica .
 garett mcnamara : meet the daredevil who surfs glacier waves <sec> glacier wave surfing : is this the world 's wildest extreme sport ? .  u.s. surfer garrett mcnamara the first person to ride a glacial swell .  daredevil also rode biggest ocean wave , 24-meter monster off portugal .  says he is chasing `` the rush . '' .  but admits thrill is gone after glacier stun .
 hong kong protester joshua wong starts hunger strike <sec> teen protest leader joshua wong declares hunger strike .  he tells cnn it 's the `` only way '' to pressure the government .  hong kong chief executive responds : `` take care of your health '' .  occupy founders announce surrender to polic .
 rubio promises to block vote on cuban ambassador - cnnpolitics.com <sec> florida sen. marco rubio vowed to block any u.s. ambassador to cuba from getting a vote .  rubio also pledged to prevent the obama administration from receiving any money for building an embassy in the island natio .
 e. coli outbreak sickens 14 in six states <sec> local media report louisiana toddler is only fatality .  georgia has five cases , the most in one state .  cause is unknown , but local and federal officials are investigatin .
 chinese moon rover launched successfully <sec> china 's unmanned space craft successfully released a moon rover .  three nations now have soft-landed on moon 's surface .  the jade rabbit rover will study lunar surface .  china has rapidly built up its space progra .
 helen keller statue to be unveiled at capitol <sec> statue will be first in capitol of a child , as well as a person with a disability .  helen keller statue depicts moment she began to learn language .  governor : statue will show there are `` no limits to what people can accomplish '' .  since 1864 , each state has been allowed to place two statues in the capito .
 1918 flu survivors share memories as research continues <sec> study : survivors of 1918 pandemic still have some immunity to that virus .  researchers are working with cdc on antibody treatment .  expert : do n't try to catch swine flu just to be immune to it late .
 officials : yemeni troops seize al qaeda stronghold <sec> the troops enter shaqra town in abyan province .  most of the town is under government control , officials say .  troops surround militants and give them a deadline to surrender .  the operation comes three days after government troops retook jaar and zinjibar town .
 police suspect man of drug use in walmart crash , attack <sec> a man plowed his vehicle into a san jose walmart on sunday , police say .  haamid zaid , 33 , of seaside , california , faces four counts of assault with a deadly weapon .  a 61-year-old man was transported to a hospital with a serious injur .
 opinion : the man black history erased <sec> bayard rustin was a civil rights leader and martin luther king 's mentor .  lz granderson says rustin 's role in march on washington was largely erased .  he says rustin was banished from a prominent role because he was gay .  granderson : if we tolerate bigotry of any form , we ca n't achieve king 's drea .
 double mastectomy patient throws dance party in or <sec> deborah cohan and her surgical team videotaped their dance before her surgery .  she encouraged friends to dance to the same song at the same time .  viewers online are praising cohan for her courage and inspiratio .
 2013 emmy awards : by the numbers <sec> $ 5 -- that 's the price for a ticket to the first emmy awards ceremony .  37 -- that 's the record for the most emmys won by one series .  3 hours , 59 minutes , 40 seconds -- whew ! .  that was the longest emmys telecast .  13.2 million -- that 's the number of 2012 emmy awards viewer .
 commentary : black men must reclaim our children <sec> martin : nearly 70 percent of black kids are born to unmarried parents .  martin : black fathers need to stay on the scene , build relationships with kids .  martin : we also should be telling black women not to lie down with any foo .
 search for mount hood hikers becomes recovery effort <sec> `` could they be alive ? .  yes , '' expert says . .  `` is it very likely ? .  no '' .  anthony vietti , luke gullberg , katie nolan , started hike about 1 a.m. friday .  gullberg was found dead saturday from hypothermia .  he may have been trying to get help for others after an accident , searcher say .
 valedictorian 's academic plans threatened by deportation <sec> arthur mkoyan , 17 , and his family are set for deportation 10 days after graduation .  the family says they left armenia in 1992 fearing for their lives .  immigration and customs enforcement says the family has no legal basis to sta .
 new milestone for indian legend tendulkar ; setback for flintoff <sec> sachin tendulkar plays his 169th test for india in third match of sri lanka series .  the 37-year-old passes the old mark set by former australia captain steve waugh .  sri lanka reach 293-4 at end of opening day of deciding match , leading series 1-0 .  comeback from long-term injury of english all-rounder andrew flintoff is put on hol .
 police : australian collar-bomb suspect arrested in u.s . <sec> new : the suspect `` was surprised '' to be arrested 9,000 miles away , an official says .  new : he is an australian citizen , 50 , who often traveled to the u.s. , the official adds .  police say the man strapped a suspected collar bomb on a woman , 18 , near sydney .  the teen spent 10 hours attached to the device , which ended up being iner .
 settlements remain obstacle in mideast peace talks <sec> both sides are hoping an agreement on settlements will be found .  negotiators will be meeting daily in advance of another summit next month .  netanyahu and abbas met alone at state department on thursda .
 review : you need 'mars needs moms ' <sec> `` mars needs moms '' is a great , jaunty adventure about an unruly kid named milo .  screenplay is delightful , by turns funny and emotional .  3-d technology blend sboth animate and inanimate subjects in one magical landscap .
 changing kids ' lives through jazz <sec> wynton marsalis co-founded jazz at lincoln center to cultivate , inspire audiences .  his hero , davey yarborough 's nonprofit jazz arts institute is a safe haven for youth .  it provides free lessons , lectures and paid performance opportunities .  marsalis : the nonprofit gives kids an appreciation of other people and humanit .
 how colombia is busting drug cartels <sec> william rempel : colombia is fighting drug lords by allowing extradition to u.s . .  rempel : extradition does n't stop smuggling , but it damages cartels .  traffickers in u.s. cells ca n't run operations from luxury prisons in colombia , he says .  rempel says mexico should take lessons from colombia 's successful strateg .
 ex-tsa employee charged in threat at lax on eve of 9/11 anniversary <sec> new : ex-tsa employee leaves note : `` 09/11/2013 there will be fire ! .  fear ! .  fear ! .  fear ! '' .  new : he tells fbi the note refers to his plan to start street-preaching on that date .  former tsa employee at lax quits tuesday after earlier being suspended .  more police are on patrol at lax , la/ontario international and van nuys airport .
 on the front line of our communities <sec> eric greitens is an iraq war veteran and former navy seal officer .  he founded the mission continues to help veterans transition to civilian life .  greitens : communities must recognize the service veterans still have to giv .
 palestinian women change motor racing up a gear <sec> speed sisters became first all-female palestinian motor racing team in 2009 .  at 23 , noor daoud is first arab woman to race on the international circuit in dubai , japan and poland .  maysoon jayyusi serves on fia 's women in motorsport commissio .
 poll : most americans say tax dollars are wasted <sec> americans split on overall opinion of the country 's tax system , poll says .  four in 10 questioned say they 're angry about amount of taxes they pay .  quarter of all americans think internal revenue service should be abolished , poll find .
 opinion : why men have let women down post arab spring <sec> widney brown says women took the same risks as men during the arab spring . .  however , women are treated as second-class citizens in post-revolution politics , says brown . .  using cases from the region , brown argues that the struggle for gender equality is far from won .
 sarah palin appears on 'saturday night live ' <sec> sarah palin appears on `` saturday night live '' with former cast member tina fey .  sketch also featured `` 30 rock '' actor alec baldwin .  fey has played palin several times on the sho .
 dead and wounded in bus explosions in kenya <sec> bus attacks in kenya leave dead and injured in capital .  kenyan officials offer conflicting reports on number of dead and injured .  kenyan police say terrorists are behind the bus attacks .  police schedule news conference for monda .
 labor day : how democrats , unions broke up ( opinion ) <sec> julian zelizer : democrats and unions used to link their fortunes for mutual gain . .  that 's declined .  he says union membership down , democrats shy away , vexing union leaders .  but unions ' core mission reflects democrats ' basic goals : financial security for workers , he says .  zelizer : in era of income inequality , dems , unions should be allies , especially as gop isn ' .
 bleep blorp : new japanese hotel to be staffed by robots <sec> a theme park in japan is planning to open a hotel run mostly by robots .  other high-tech features include guestroom doors opened by facial-recognition technology .  the hotel will invite travelers to bid for rooms during high seaso .
 20 reasons it 's great to be a tourist <sec> more people are traveling internationally than ever before .  to mark world tourism day , we honor camera toters and museum goers the world over .  hotels ! .  find a great one and you 'll never want to leave .  been looking for some pleasure reading time ? .  go on vacatio .
 which mideast power brokers support hamas ? <sec> jordan , egypt , and saudi arabia do n't support hamas , analysts say .  turkey and qatar do ; some question the extent of qatar 's support .  iran and syria had a falling out with hamas .  popular support may spike , but weapon supply is limited , analysts sa .
 boy dies from self-inflicted gun shot at oklahoma junior high school <sec> the 13-year-old boy who died was an eighth-grader at stillwater junior high .  police say the student died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound in a school hallway .  no one else is injured , a spokeswoman for stillwater , oklahoma , says .  some schools were on a temporary lockdow .
 more than 100,000 refugees flee syria in one month <sec> new : at least 155 people were killed tuesday , an opposition group says .  ban ki-moon describes the humanitarian situation as `` grave and deteriorating '' .  he accuses both sides of committing human rights violations .  the refugee number marks 1 % of syria 's populatio .
 with an eye to 2016 , bill clinton campaigns in n.h . <sec> bill clinton is speaking at the new hampshire democratic party 's jefferson-jackson dinner on thursday , .  clinton is there in part to support sen. jeanne shaheen , who is up for reelection in a tight senate bid . .  normally 400-450 democrats attend the dinner , but this year at least 1,200 democrats have tickets . .  clinton 's visit comes one day after mitt romney campaigned alongside shaheen 's opponent scott brown .
