 new york times endorses clinton , backs mccain over giuliani <sec> paper rips rudy giuliani as `` a narrow , obsessively secretive , vindictive man '' .  giuliani responds : i would n't be a conservative republican if i did what paper wanted .  opinion piece says mccain will `` end the george bush style of governing '' .  paper praises barack obama but calls hillary clinton more qualified for the jo .
 obama views on same-sex marriage reflect societal shifts <sec> obama now supports right to same-sex marriage , putting him at odds with conservatives .  it has been a personal and political evolution for the president on a major social issue .  supreme court will hear arguments in two appeals on tuesday and wednesday .  political stakes are high in appeals of federal and california same-sex law .
 will mitt romney run for president in 2016 ? ( opinion ) <sec> mitt romney 's former advisers are denying rumors that he might run for presidency in 2016 .  julian zelizer : if romney does decide to run , he may end up at the top of the gop ticket .  he says each of the current presidential contenders in the gop is flawed .  zelizer : romney 's stance on issues appeals to republicans , and he 's great at fund-raisin .
 the new reality for senate democrats - cnnpolitics.com <sec> most senate democrats have never been in the minority .  new status in senate will require adjustment for many democrat .
 honduran , us relations overcome deadly drug raid <sec> witnesses say a joint honduran-us drug raid killed civilians .  reaction to the incident has not caused tensions between countries .  honduras counts on us help to combat violenc .
 monaco : land of superyachts , super casinos and super rich <sec> around 28,000 visitors will descend on monaco for annual yacht show , from sept 19 to 22 .  known as playground of the rich and famous , monaco has more to offer than simply superyachts .  home of the glamorous grimaldi royal family , the prince 's palace offers stunning views of the city .  exotic garden resembles more mexico than monaco , featuring hundreds of cact .
 hillary clinton leaning towards later 2016 decision <sec> battles are brewing between the white house and democrats .  house speaker john boehner 's secret weapon in the gop leadership .  chris christie 's 2016 immigration litmus tes .
 the funny side of global warming and jihad <sec> comedian abie philbin bowman tackles global warming in his new show .  `` eco-friendly jihad '' has had mixed reviews at the edinburgh fringe festival .  bowman says every political joke should reveal an 'inconvenient truth .
 why the outrage over photo in subway death <sec> howard kurtz : new york post ran degrading , exploitative pic of man about to be hit by subway .  human response is one of horror , and reason paper did it : to grip new yorkers , he says .  he says it 's newsworthy for a tab , but worse offense is photog who did n't seem to help .  kurtz : post sensationalizes to sell papers and succeeded , but he would n't have run i .
 mit engineers create new school of robotic fish <sec> engineers at mit have created a new generation of robotic fish .  'robofish ' could be used to map the ocean floor , inspect submerged boats or pipes .  mit researchers built their first robotic fish , `` robotuna , '' in 1994 .  new robofish are modeled after bass and trout and cost only a few hundred dollar .
 fda : some heartburn meds pose long-term fracture risk <sec> some heartburn , ulcer medications carry risk of fractures , fda warns .  increased risk comes with high doses , long-term use .  warning includes both prescription and over-the-counter medications .  drugs include some forms of popular medications prilosec , nexium , prevacid , protoni .
 police : parents of missing missouri girl refuse separate interviews <sec> new : attorney : parents will not agree to an unrestricted interview without attorneys .  lisa irwin has been missing since october 4 .  her half-brothers will be interviewed friday , police sa .
 5 things : what to watch for tuesday at the world cup <sec> one of brazil 's stars may have to sit out after a practice injury .  belgium has a youth-filled squad that plays solid defense .  south korea 's recent results do n't give its fans much hop .
 rick warren was n't always a lightning rod for controversy <sec> pastor rick warren first drew notice for trying to expand past hot-button issues .  warren looked to translate traditional evangelical messages for a wider audience .  president-elect barack obama chose warren to deliver invocation at inauguration .  gay , abortion rights activists angry about obama 's choic .
 gatland to lead british and irish lions in australia <sec> warren gatland will coach british & irish lions for australia 2013 tour .  new zealander is only second man from outside british isles to lead lions .  appointment was delayed after gatland broke both heels in accident in april .  rob howley set to take charge of wales as caretaker coac .
 venezuelan president sees conspiracies <sec> president maduro shares the conspiracy theories of hugo chavez .  maduro says there is an attempted coup in progress against him .  his news conference lasted for more than two hour .
 'big stars , big giving ' : making the world a better place in 2012 and beyond <sec> three big stars are focused on giving back in a big way .  matt damon helped found water.org so people can get access to clean water .  matthew mcconaughey 's j.k. livin foundation helps kids make healthy choices for life .  the eva longoria foundation aims to help latina women get a college educatio .
 los angeles episcopalians elect lesbian bishop <sec> rev . .  mary douglas glasspool would be nation 's second openly gay episcopal bishop .  election must be formally approved by majority of other episcopal dioceses .  church has been torn over issue of openly gay and lesbian clergy , bishops .  archbishop of canterbury says glasspool 's election `` raises very serious questions .
 micheletti defends response to zelaya 's return to honduras <sec> amnesty international official calls situation in honduras `` alarming '' .  honduras reportedly cuts utilities at brazilian embassy in tegucigalpa .  brazil official calls honduran action on its embassy a `` serious '' move .  ousted honduran president jose manuel zelaya inside embass .
 the top looks on the oscars red carpet <sec> instyle : anne hathaway , kate winslet , freida pinto among best dressed at oscars .  natalie portman , sarah jessica parker , amy adams praised for color choices .  heidi klum 's wore red in hopes of raising awareness of women 's heart healt .
 murder case brings 'foxy knoxy ' infamy in italy <sec> murder trial makes american student notorious in italy .  amanda knox , 21 , is accused with former boyfriend , raffaele sollecito .  british student meredith kercher found dead in house shared with knox .  italian media portrays knox as seductive femme fatal .
 army to report rise in national guard , reserve suicides <sec> report on suicides is to be released wednesday , senior army official says .  active-duty suicides declined in 2010 , but rose among reserve , national guard .  increase was among stateside troops , most of whom were never in a war zone .  army does n't have any answers for the discrepancy , official say .
 the obama administration 's pot politics problem <sec> obama administration largely taking a pass on bumper crop of state pot laws .  state and federal lawmen frustrated by patchwork of pot laws , obama administration attitude .  midterm and 2016 elections could herald a change on nation 's marijuana policies .  experts say the federal government will eventually have to step i .
 boy carves out a career in opera <sec> michael kepler meo , 12 , performs pivotal role in `` the turn of the screw '' .  he plays a troubled boy threatened by menacing ghosts in english country home .  l.a. opera director : only handful of boys have voices strong enough for opera .  meo also had role in an operatic version of `` charlie and the chocolate factory .
 police : husband saw wife with another man before killing kids <sec> five children shot and killed in their washington state home by father , police say .  police say james harrison then committed suicide with a rifle .  detective : harrison and daughter , 16 , had found his wife with another man .  children 's mother located after the shootings , being counseled by chaplai .
 large hadron collider fired up in 'god particle ' hunt <sec> startup has been eagerly awaited by 9,000 physicists around the world .  it 's the largest particle accelerator in the world and costs about $ 9 billion .  lawsuits allege it could generate black holes that could eat the eart .
 the 14-year-old girl making waves in african sailing <sec> maria mabjaia 's bronze sailing medal was one of the surprises of the all-africa games .  the 14-year-old only learned to sail because her mother worked at a yacht club .  her story is inspiring other mozambicans from modest backgrounds to sai .
 rig 's crew may have been 'shorthanded and fatigued , ' lawmaker says <sec> new : transocean documents appear to refute lawmaker 's claims .  owner says documents do n't tell whole story .  says rig staffed `` properly and professionally '' .  congressman raises `` serious questions '' about staffin .
 kagan documents reveal pragmatic approach on abortion controversy <sec> 46,000 pages released by william j. clinton library .  kagan a top lawyer under clinton .  gop senators have sought hearing dela .
 spirit of the american bison lives in teddy roosevelt national park <sec> president theodore roosevelt helped save the american bison from extinction .  north dakota 's badlands differ from those in south dakota in age and appearance .  early morning and late evening are the best times to view wildlife .  bison are the most dangerous animals in the par .
 israel intercepts ship with weapons headed to gaza <sec> new : iranian state media cites sources who knock down the report .  israel says it intercepted panamanian-flagged ship carrying iranian shipment .  syrian-manufactured missiles were on board destined for gaza , israel says .  israel says iran attempting to cover up its role in shipment of weapon .
 colombia : police arrest 4 in dea agent 's slaying <sec> colombian police say they 've detained four suspects tied to dea agent 's killing .  washington has submitted an extradition request for the suspects , police say .  two more suspects are at large , a cnn affiliate reports .  the agent was killed in a robbery attempt ; officials do not believe it was tied to his wor .
 clerics join iran 's anti-government protests <sec> a group of mullahs protesting election results represents a blatant act of defiance .  they 're normally loyal to iran 's supreme leader , ayatollah ali khamenei .  khamenei called election result valid and mahmoud ahmadinejad the winner .  he told protesters they will face the consequence .
 astronauts would face high radiation on mars trip , nasa says <sec> new : faster engines , better shielding under study , nasa official says .  a mars trip would be like getting abdominal ct scan every five days , study finds .  radiation clocked on curiosity 's trip to mars approaches nasa 's career limit for astronaut .
 hackers target global analysis company <sec> the austin , texas , company stratfor is targeted .  hackers said they released credit card info , client list .  conflicting information on whether activist group anonymous involve .
 dads chris martinez and peter rodger meet in wake of killing spree <sec> richard martinez , whose son , christopher was fatally shot , contacted peter rodger .  elliot rodger , 22 , killed six people and himself on a rampage in isla vista , california .  martinez has criticized politicians and the nra for lax gun law .
 debris offers 'more hope , ' if not confirmation of flight 370 's end <sec> australian leader : `` we should not underestimate the difficulty '' of the search .  the search for the missing malaysia airlines airliner has gone on for three full weeks .  authorities recently shifted the focus of the search area some 1,100 kilometers .  5 aircraft spotted debris in the new area , but none is confirmed to be from flight 37 .
 'where 's the african-american harry potter or the mexican katniss ? ' <sec> different cultural backgrounds are n't well represented in young adult literature , authors say .  author : `` where 's the african-american harry potter or the mexican katniss ? '' .  writers , educators , publishers and editors have ideas of how to transform ya literatur .
 bachata king romeo santos to play yankee stadium <sec> bachata music originated in the dominican republic and mostly speaks of heartbreak , sadness .  the music is danceable and is heavy on guitar and percussion .  anthony `` romeo '' santos , a rising star in the bachata world , will play yankee stadium .  santos just released `` formula volume 2 , '' the sequel to his successful first solo albu .
 opinion : gop and nra , it 's a love fest <sec> prominent conservatives gathered to support the nra at its convention in houston .  paul waldman : these politicians are on the fringe but believe they represent the mainstream .  he says the views of rick perry , rick santorum and sarah palin are not those of real america .  waldman : there may be just a few republicans who are brave enough to stand up to the nr .
 tunisian on life one year later : no fear <sec> on december 17 , 2010 , a street vendor set himself on fire to protest government .  mohamed bouazizi 's act sparked a revolution in tunisia .  those demonstrations toppled tunisia 's leader , and prompted arab sprin .
 commentary : obama on risky ground on schools <sec> pedro noguera : it 's good that obama is emphasizing education 's importance .  he says president needs to be wary of taking sides on volatile issues .  he says merit pay and charter schools could alienate key allies .  noguera : obama needs teachers on his side to improve school .
 rare harry potter book fetches $ 19,000 at auction <sec> the soft-cover `` harry potter and the philosopher 's stone '' is one of 200 copies .  the 223-page book includes an autograph from author j.k. rowling .  the winning bid of $ 19,120 bypassed auctioneers ' expectation .
 spitzer successor will be nation 's 4th black governor <sec> david a. paterson is new york 's first african-american lieutenant governor .  legally blind , paterson is advocate for visually and physically impaired .  elected to the new york state senate in 1985 at the age of 31 .  father was deputy mayor of new york city , ran for lieutenant governor in 197 .
 mississippi teacher gets life for killing lover 's pregnant fiancee <sec> same jury that convicted carla hughes of murder declines to impose death penalty .  prosecutors said gruesome nature of crime warranted death sentence .  avis banks was five months pregnant when she was shot , stabbed multiple times .  prosecutors alleged hughes killed rival so she could be with keyon pittma .
 rock is dead , says gene simmons <sec> gene simmons asserts that `` rock is dead '' in esquire interview .  it did n't have to happen , he adds : `` it was murdered '' .  the who declared rock dead in 1972 .  blogs , twitter come to rock 's defens .
 man sought in deaths of 3 children in suspected meth lab fire <sec> man charged with three counts of murder in fire that killed three children .  authorities believe meth lab chemicals started the fire in lilburn , georgia .  police looking for suspect who attempted to douse fire with garden hose .  mother is charged with drug traffickin .
 journalists charged over human trafficking report are released on bail <sec> reporters in thailand formally charged with defamation and granted bail .  the thai navy accuses them of 'publishing false information and committing slander ' .  rights groups fear for media freedom , say the case is an attempt to silence small website .  the journalists will appear in court again may 2 .
 'massive ' oil spill clean-up underway in new zealand <sec> teams have cleaned oil from 17 kilometers of coastline in bay of plenty .  200 dead birds have been found ; 47 oiled animals being treated .  government : spill is country 's most significant maritime environmental disaster .  rena cargo ship began leaking oil after hitting reef off new zealand 's north islan .
 brazil 's middle-class boom -- but are they tempting a bust ? <sec> with the world cup and olympics on the way , brazilians could be excused for wearing rose-tinted glasses .  the country has seen much of its poor lifted out of poverty and a boom in its middle classes .  wealth is increasing and credit becoming easier to obtain .  the risks of it falling into credit boom and bust are offset by regulated housing marke .
 beijing 's microbrewery boom <sec> china is the beer-chugging capital of the world , drinking twice as much as the u.s . .  per capita consumption of beer is still half that of americans , showing room for growth .  a growing number of foreign-run microbreweries have launched in beijing .  biggest challenge is intellectual property : `` if you 're not being copied then you 're not relevant .
 five hot honeymoon destinations <sec> the french polynesian islands ' overwater bungalows are perfect for honeymoons .  fiji 's private island getaways are available in a wide price range .  bali and the italian lake district provide secluded , relaxing spots for honeymooners .  bermuda is just 90 minutes away from the east coast by ai .
 china busts 133,000 in war on drugs <sec> police arrest 133,000 people and seize 43.3 tons of narcotics in a six-month period .  china launches a new online campaign to crack down on online drug crimes .  celebrities have been embroiled in the nation 's intensifying anti-drug campaig .
 louisiana police : no state laws broken in new orleans saints wiretapping case <sec> espn reports that saints gm mickey loomis could eavesdrop on opposing coaches .  state police find no evidence to support such a claim .  loomis vigorously defended himself against the accusatio .
 attacks in egypt leave at least 12 dead <sec> six people , including one civilian , are killed when a car bomb explodes near a police station .  six others are killed when their armored vehicle is attacked on a highway in northern sinai .  ansar beit al-maqdis , an isis affiliate , claims responsibilit .
 director : st. louis airport 's recovery 'miraculous ' after tornado <sec> new : the airport expects to operate a full flight schedule on tuesday .  only cape air is still out of servic .
 'homeland ' finale delivers biggest audience ever <sec> sunday night 's season finale set a new record for showtime .  2.9 million viewers tuned in for `` homeland '' .  the finale was a 27 percent increase from the season 2 final .
 sargent shriver hospitalized in maryland <sec> the 95-year-old shriver was the first head of the peace corps .  he was married to eunice kennedy shriver , who died in 200 .
 is macedonia 's capital being turned into a theme park ? <sec> skopje 2014 is a multi-million euro project to rebuild city center .  triumphal arch , warrior statue and new museum opened for macedonia 's 20th anniversary celebrations .  macedonia increases foreign visitor numbers by 25 % this yea .
 officials cite prison overcrowding in french gangster 's escape <sec> french justice officials say there is a clear prison `` overpopulation problem '' .  redoine faid was a wanted criminal in the '90s known for attacking armored trucks .  faid held guards at gunpoint and used explosives to burst through a prison 's doors .  law enforcement in france and elsewhere in europe are now hunting for hi .
 california kidnapping , murder suspect may have improvised explosives <sec> new : dimaggio could be in rural area after possibly abandoning car rigged with explosives .  james dimaggio is believed to have kidnapped a 16-year-old girl , possibly an 8-year-old boy .  their mother 's body was found in dimaggio 's burned-down house in san diego .  there is a nationwide manhunt for the suspect ; police say he was the mother 's frien .
 mind-warping photos turn subjects into 2-d paintings <sec> alexa meade creates mind-warping photos by covering her subjects in thick strokes of paint .  inspired by the political spin machine , she takes shadows and paints them on themselves .  the artist tries to make the viewer think about what is beneath the surface .  meade 's experiments with visual riddles went vira .
 12 websites that 'll make you a smarter traveler <sec> intervac members get access to unlimited home swaps .  iceberg alley in canada can be navigated with a tracking map at iceberg finder .  meal sharing connects world travelers and locals who want company for dinner .  jet lag rooster computes personalized plans for combating jet la .
 hotel surveillance video checked for clues to missing teen <sec> police show girl 's photo to bus passengers after reported sighting .  brittanee drexel , 17 , went to myrtle beach , s.c. , without mother 's permission .  rochester , n.y. , high school junior last seen on saturday nigh .
