 frontiers of exploration : 9 top spots <sec> dr. robin hanbury-tenison sees three new frontiers of exploration : the tropical rainforest canopy , caves and coral reefs .  not having a science degree is n't an obstacle as long as you 're prepared to work hard and make yourself useful .  dr. hanbury-tenison has led more than 30 expeditions since the 1950 .
 exxon valdez lawyer still fighting for clients <sec> after the 1989 exxon valdez disaster , attorney brian o'neill headed to alaska .  o'neill thought he would be representing victims of the spill for three or four years .  today , 21 years later , he is still working to make sure his clients are fully compensate .
 the 10 worst countries for child labor <sec> eritrea , somalia top the latest list for countries where child labor is most prevalent .  high poverty rates a similar theme across countries where child labor is most commonly used .  china fares poorly on the latest index , slipping from 53rd to 20th place .  globally , the report says there 's been an improvement in the risks of child labo .
 review : 'the five-year engagement ' is no different from other rom-coms <sec> jason segel is one of those actors who has learned to capitalize on his flaws .  for most of `` the five-year engagement '' lead characters make a miserable team .  ungainly and uneven , the movie offers some compensation in the peripheral .
 liverpool youngster suso fined for calling teammate 'gay ' <sec> liverpool youngster suso handed $ 16,000 fine by the english football association .  spaniard called teammate jose enrique 'gay ' on social networking site twitter .  fa charge 19-year-old with improper conduct and warn him about future behavior .  enrique dismisses the exchange as just 'banter ' on his own twitter pag .
 air pollution kills over two million people each year , study says <sec> air pollution responsible for more than two million premature deaths worldwide annually .  study assesses impact of fine particulates and ozone using atmospheric climate models .  east asia worst affected region with over a million deaths per year .  study also found that climate change has n't had huge impact on effects of air pollutio .
 tim allen : back on tv in fall 2011 ? <sec> tim allen is looking to stage a return to prime time -- as long as it involves the right project .  allen is said to be taking `` a few select meetings '' with writer-producers .  there are certain veteran tv actors who will always trigger a flurry of excitemen .
 eu to launch first anti-piracy operation <sec> eu force will take over the role of escorting u.n. world food program vessels .  role includes `` protection of vulnerable vessels cruising off the somali coast '' .  pirates have attacked almost 100 vessels off somalia 's coast this year .  warships from u.s. , india , russia and malaysia also patrol regio .
 iran to hang 30 convicts on sunday <sec> the condemned include people convicted of drug and alcohol offenses .  iran executed 317 people in 2007 , compared with 42 executions in u.s . .  iran 's government announced a crackdown on crime in marc .
 'wozilroy ' struggling in singapore rain <sec> world no . .  1 rory mcilroy under the weather in bid to complete double money list wins .  his tennis star girlfriend caroline wozniacki is accompanying him in singapore .  rain delays have caused havoc with the tournament 's schedule , meaning early starts .  the $ 6 million event may be reduced to 54 holes for the second year in a ro .
 fbi director defends impersonation of ap reporter <sec> fbi director james comey defends fbi agent 's impersonation of an ap reporter .  the ruse was used to track down a suspect who made bomb threats against a high school .  `` no actual story was published , '' he says , and only the suspect was fooled .  ap executive editor slams fbi 's unacceptable tactics , says they undermine credibilit .
 cnn student news - december 10 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 the derelict mansions on 'billionaires ' row ' <sec> a third of the houses on britain 's second most expensive street are lying vacant .  dubbed `` billionaires ' row , '' the road 's average house costs over £6 million .  many have been deserted by their wealthy foreign owner .
 pakistan airports on alert after terror threat <sec> benazir bhutto international airport on high alert .  intelligence reports indicated airport was under threat of an attack .  officers combed through the airport compound looking for explosives .  danish intelligence says one of its employees was killed in marriott hotel attac .
 negredo departs real madrid for sevilla <sec> real madrid striker alvaro negredo completes his permanent move to sevilla .  negredo has signed five-year contract , although real have a buy-back option .  the highly-rated negredo scored 19 goals while on loan to almeria last seaso .
 murtha remembered as friend , public servant <sec> john murtha elected 17 times to represent pennsylvania 's 12th district .  murtha , 77 , died february 8 of complications from gall bladder surgery .  war veteran earned reputation as one of congress 's loudest anti-war voices .  `` jack murtha never lost sight of god 's purpose in the law , '' reverend say .
 immigration excerpts : obama vs . brewer <sec> obama : federal `` failure to act responsibly ... will only open the door to irresponsibility by others '' .  brewer : it is `` a crisis that we did not create and the federal government has refused to fix '' .  obama : administration will `` examine the civil rights and other implications '' of the law .  brewer : `` this legislation mirrors federal laws regarding immigration enforcement .
 stock exchange ceo : 'having it all is pure nonsense ' <sec> ester levanon brought automation to the tel aviv stock exchange .  in the 1970s , she created the israeli security services ' it division .  levanon rejects the concept of `` having it all '' .  children will complain regardless of whether their mother works , she say .
 defense attorneys claim entrapment as ny bomb plot trial opens <sec> four men are on trial in new york in an alleged bomb plot .  they are accused to plotting to blow up two synagogues .  they are also accused of plotting to fire missiles at u.s. military planes .  defense attorneys argue the men were entrapped by an fbi informan .
 obamacare website developers : it 's not our fault <sec> a third house committee is investigating the healthcare.gov website issues .  a house committee holds the first hearing on website problems thursday .  developers blame each other and the government , but not themselves .  a problem with the entry portal clogged up the system when it opened , they sa .
 company recalls walnuts sold in southern california <sec> the walnut was sold in stores only in southern california .  they have been recalled because they may be contaminated with salmonella .  consumers are asked to destroy the produc .
 new iphone hardware , software a boon for gamers <sec> a 64-bit chip could make gaming more intense on new iphone 5s .  apple displayed `` infinity blade iii '' as first app on the phone tuesday .  new version of ios operating system has new tools as well .  developers say phone games are getting closer to console qualit .
 and the world cup semifinalists will be ... <sec> software program says it has successfully predicted outcome of round of 16 world cup games .  program named after the ai character in microsoft 's halo video games .  but who will reach world cup semifinals .
 for leukemia & lymphoma society 's team , the race is n't about running <sec> the leukemia & lymphoma society 's team raises money for blood cancer research .  chris fenton is running 10 marathons in six months in honor of his mother .  sharing personal stories helps runners focus on the goal , donors open wallet .
 tablet computers are a game-changer in professional sports <sec> tampa bay bucs are one of two nfl teams using ipads instead of playbooks .  the nfl restricts the use of electronic devices on game day .  players say the tablets have revolutionized the way they prepare and practice .  mobile technology is also revolutionizing other pro sports , including basebal .
 rare dementias rob personality , then life <sec> frontotemporal dementia affects part of brain responsible for personality , memory , reasoning .  250,000 people in the united states have it , representing 10-20 percent of dementia cases .  the condition is often misdiagnosed , resulting in wrong medications .  hope on the horizon as researchers target the proteins that accumulate in the brain cell .
 a step backward for fair pay <sec> kate kimpel : gop senators stopped paycheck fairness act , a blow for working women .  act is not a partisan issue ; she says . .  gop and democratic women support it .  kimpel : women , minorities have no way of knowing if they make less than white males .  fairness act would make it more transparent and eliminate barriers to finding out , she say .
 cnn student news - march 11 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 pennsylvania woman charged in deaths of infants <sec> police discovered four sets of infant remains at a pennsylvania house in july .  a fifth set of infant remains was found in a landfill .  dna tests showed a woman to be the mother of at least four of the infants , police said .  she was charged monday with criminal homicid .
 entrepreneur barbie leans into a new career <sec> mattel says it hopes to inspire female entrepreneurs with new barbie .  entrepreneur barbie partners with eight real-life female entrepreneurs .  some criticized mattel for suiting up entrepreneur barbie in a pink dress and her usual proportion .
 challenge your own preconceptions : take the 'ignorance ' test <sec> hans rosling is a medical doctor and lecturer who spent decades working in africa .  he became irritated that `` developing world '' was applied to hugely different nations .  testing his students at a stockholm university he found they had preconceived ideas .  he co-founded gapminder foundation , which promotes a fact-based world vie .
 is this al qaeda 's 'last chance ' for a country ? <sec> al qaeda-linked militia groups have taken control of northern mali in africa .  there are fears that the region could soon become a terrorist hot spot .  malians flee the country because of the islamists .  erin burnett : if the world does n't pay attention now , it could become really terribl .
 khaled abol naga : 'egypt 's brad pitt ' calls for people power in africa <sec> khaled abol naga is one of egypt 's most prominent film stars .  he supported the anti-regime demonstrations taking place in cairo 's tahrir square last year .  'the power of the people is always stronger than the people in power , ' says naga .  the actor turned activist has been championing causes such as hiv awarenes .
 bamboo artistry helping youth build a better future <sec> rosebill satha-sambo is the founder and manager of jards products .  the malawian company specializes in producing eco-friendly bamboo products .  it is also providing job skill development to uneducated women and yout .
 how usb turned intel 's ajay bhatt into rock star <sec> intel 's ajay bhatt explains how he created industry standard usb device .  more than 10 billion usb devices are thought to be in circulation worldwide .  bhatt worked hard to convince competitors that usb could benefit all parties financially .  the newest editions of usb device are 400 times faster than original model .
 kremlin posts images of vladimir putin after health rumors swirl <sec> kremlin releases images of a meeting it says president vladimir putin held friday .  putin spokesman dismisses rumors of ill health sparked by putin 's cancellation of planned talk .
 hezbollah video game : war with israel <sec> hezbollah is releasing `` special force 2 , '' a game based on the 2006 conflict .  game recreates key phases of the war , `` presents the culture of the resistance '' .  israel says it is no shock hezbollah would teach children hatred and violenc .
 is bollywood coming to hollywood ? <sec> `` slumdog millionaire '' is not authentically bollywood or indian .  hollywood has often used international styles and filmmakers to its advantage .  film critic : it 's bollywood 's time to influence american cinema .  box-office analyst : bollywood will have a hard time crossing over to americ .
 brittney griner cut in china by knife-wielding man <sec> u.s. star is in china playing for a professional team there .  she calls the injury a scratch .  the next day she scores 19 points during her team 's gam .
 opinion : what the inequality debate leaves out <sec> richard v. reeves : inequality debate masks complex issue of inequality vs. social mobility .  obama says americans tolerated inequality as long as there was equal opportunity .  but reeves says fixing social mobility involves different strategy than fixing inequality .  reeves : gap between rich and poor and little movement between the two is toxi .
 severe weather rakes southeast ; 2 dead in alabama <sec> national weather service confirms tornadoes in arkansas , alabama .  12,300 customers remain without power statewide , alabama power says .  mississippi and arkansas each report one injury .  alabama ema director : damage not as bad as that seen last yea .
 chinese experts claim ancient mummified monk was stolen <sec> chinese relic experts claim that a mummified monk encased in a statue was stolen .  the statue was bought in 1996 at a market in the netherlands .  researchers believe the monk practiced `` self-mummification .
 easter : belief , the bunny and that blood moon <sec> easter is a key event in the christian faith , but where did the easter bunny come from ? .  why is the date different every year , and what does it have to do with the moon .
 the plight of the wildebeest <sec> wildlife in kenya 's masai mara national park is being targeted by poachers .  poaching could threaten annual migration of wildebeest between kenya , tanzania .  unrest following last year 's disputed elections has undermined kenyan tourism .  as a consequence , conservationists forced to scale back anti-poaching effort .
 cnn.com readers react to giants ' super bowl win <sec> ultimate super bowl party : four kinds of pizza and a giants ' win .  `` it 's good to be in new york , '' reader says .  one fan 's daughter took first steps in second half .  i-report : have a story to share ? .  send it to u .
 in a crisis , rupert murdoch launches a newspaper <sec> beset with woes , rupert murdoch is launching a new sunday newspaper in the uk .  steven barnett asks whether it 's the last gasp of murdoch 's newspapers in london .  he says it has boosted the morale of journalists at the troubled sun newspaper .  murdoch 's company , news corp. , continues to investigate the practices of his newspaper .
 13 arrested in istanbul bombings <sec> attack was conducted by `` bloody separatist group , '' interior minister says .  2 explosions , minutes apart , hit residential area in turkey 's largest city sunday .  those arrested were responsible for earlier bombing june 15 , says ministe .
 americans urged to leave egypt while charters available <sec> the state department is urging americans to leave egypt .  charter flights remain available , but many are leaving with empty seats .  many commercial airlines are still flying from egyp .
 apparently this matters : airplane armrest for two <sec> paperclip design envisions an armrest that can be shared by airplane passengers .  the design incorporates `` vertical space '' to create a double-decker armrest .  bellini : until we have a solution that works , we all need to abide by airplane etiquett .
 world 's top five aquatic holidays <sec> a look at the top five fishing expeditions from across the world .  includes hunting for ferocious peacock bass in amazon , while aboard traditional riverboat .  perfect opportunity for family bonding at one of disney world 's lakes .  not just fish , but lobsters , mussels and oysters also on the menu at british hotspot .
 wombs for rent : india 's surrogate mother boomtown <sec> india has become a mecca for foreigners seeking a surrogate mother to gestate their child .  india is one of the few countries that allows commercial surrogacy , where costs are low .  critics say the practice takes advantage of poor women and is akin to `` organ sale '' .  surrogates interviewed say the up to u.s. $ 8,000 received rescues them from a life of povert .
 uk : israel behind passport forgery in dubai killing <sec> miliband : passports copied in a `` highly sophisticated operation '' .  british government source said an israeli official had been expelled from uk .  mahmoud al-mabhouh , founding member of hamas ' military wing , found dead jan. 20 in dubai .  dubai police believe he was killed by secretive israeli foreign intelligence unit mossa .
 faa probes plane 's landing in atlanta <sec> plane landed on taxiway instead of runway monday morning , faa says .  no other plane was on the taxiway ; aircraft was n't damaged .  the taxiway is parallel to a runway , but they 're marked differentl .
 how hillsborough triggered football revolution <sec> english football has been transformed in 20 years since hillsborough tragedy .  disaster created impetus for all-seater grounds , improvements in infrastructure .  top clubs also benefited from creation of premier league and sale of tv rights .  the english premier league is now the world 's most watched sporting leagu .
 the nomadic cave dwellers of petra <sec> petra in southern jordan is visited by over one million tourists annually .  the ancient city is carved directly into rock and was established around the 6th century b.c . .  bedouin tribes or `` desert dwellers '' still walk these lands and have done for centurie .
 suicide bomber was sold to terror network , afghanistan says <sec> bomber was recruited and trained by the pakistani taliban , an afghan official says .  the bomber was then sold to the haqqani network , the afghan official says .  a pakistan army spokesman says pakistan is doing more than afghanistan to stop militants crossing the borde .
 the corporate university <sec> joel podolny , dean of yale school of management , is to step down .  he is to head `` apple university '' at the tech firm of that name .  observers predict this is going to be a `` corporate university '' for staf .
 winter 'flashpackers ' prepare to invade hostels <sec> `` flashpackers '' are professionals older than 30 who prefer hostels to hotels .  hostels in new york , washington and san diego , california , report increased guests .  sense of community is the `` heart of hostelling , '' expert says .  many americans uncomfortable with hostels ' lack of privac .
 face and neck tattoos not widely accepted <sec> tattoos have come a long way ; in 40 % of households somebody has one , according to a poll .  highly visible tattoos on the face , neck , head or hands may not be as accepted by the mainstream .  seattle tattoo artist says those with visible tattoos face rejection from employers , landlords .  famous people can get away with face and head tattoos , but regular folks have a tougher tim .
 syria says referendum results coming monday ; vote punctuated by new violence <sec> new : 55 people were killed sunday , opposition activists say .  new : syrian opposition appeals to al-assad 's alawite community .  hillary clinton says al-assad 's regime is `` illegitimate and going to fall '' .  a former top white house official warns that syria is not like liby .
 pakistani school to be renamed for teen who died tackling bomber <sec> new : bravery award will give boy 's family about $ 5,000 .  pakistani teenage boy died while tackling a suicide bomber .  school will be named in honor of aitazaz hassan bangash , provincial official says .  teen challenged the bomber , and bomb detonated when the two scuffled , relative say .
 1 dead , dozens hurt after unrest at australian asylum center <sec> `` this was a very dangerous situation , '' an australian official says .  people in the australian detention center on manus island breached its fences .  human rights groups have criticized the offshore facilities for processing asylum seekers .  australian officials say they deter people from attempting the dangerous journe .
 official : hackers tried repeatedly to attack obamacare website - cnnpolitics.com <sec> there have been more than a dozen attempts to attack the healthcare.gov web site .  none of the attacks have been successful , officials said .  officials also hired an `` ethical hacker '' to try to find holes in the system .  healthcare.gov went live on october 1 ; beset by internal problems sinc .
 other fire hero talks about new york rescue <sec> horia cretan became a hero for carrying boy from burning building .  the other hero is firefighter jimmy senk , who went into the building .  senk saw boy disappear back into the smoke , so `` i masked up and went in '' .  `` i did n't think he was going to make it , '' senk sai .
