 romney 's demographic bind <sec> reihan salam : mitt romney and gop relying on white voters more than ever .  he says their diminishing appeal in african-american , latino communities is a big risk .  salam : growing nonwhite population could turn some red states into swing states .  he says it will be hard for gop to get a higher share of white vote or to appeal to minoritie .
 cleric : 21 killed in suicide blast , attack in nigeria <sec> a bomber killed at least 15 people in an attack on a religious ceremony , a shiite cleric says .  after the blast , soldiers shot and killed six people who 'd sought refuge , the cleric says .  no one claimed responsibility , but boko haram has made attacks in the area before .  the nigerian military has not responded to a cnn request for comment on the shooting clai .
 has sarah palin jumped the shark ? experts say no . <sec> sarah palin 's new show `` amazing america '' broadens the politico 's brand .  palin 's appeal among grassroots conservatives remains high .  she has leveraged that appeal to support candidates and causes she favors .  her brand will likely not appeal to independents and she runs the risk of going too fa .
 house committee approves armenian genocide resolution <sec> new : rice to call turkish leaders to express `` deep disappointment '' with vote .  house panel approves armenian genocide resolution with 27-21 vote .  decision called `` unacceptable '' in statement on web site of turkey 's president .  house resolution calls killing of armenians during world war i `` genocide .
 venice soon to have first female gondolier <sec> giorgia boscolo passed her final exam this week .  she can ask next for her full license .  boscolo follows in the footsteps of her gondolier fathe .
 five things we learned from the confederations cup <sec> brazil beat spain 3-0 in confederations cup final .  brazilian striker neymar named as the best player of confederations cup .  tournament permeated by protests over staging of 2014 world cup in brazi .
 canadian officials find 'insufficient ' braking on deadly runaway train <sec> canadian agency determines brake force was `` insufficient '' on train .  unmanned train crashed into town of lac-megantic this month .  train incident killed 38 peopl .
 treasure trove of prehistoric animal remains discovered <sec> hundreds of prehistoric animal remains were discovered in wyoming .  scientists suspect some remains date back 20,000 years .  remains will be transported to universities in the u.s. and australi .
 twitter to sell users ' old tweets to marketers <sec> twitter will open its archives and sell old tweets to marketers who want to analyze the data .  one customer will get access to tweets going back to january 2010 .  since twitter is a public forum , privacy watchdogs may face difficulties raising objection .
 3 police officers among 5 people indicted in race-related beating <sec> new : attorney says victim 's fiancee calls indictments a `` gift from god '' that `` will bring justice '' .  indictments include hate crime , obstruction , conspiracy , misconduct , extortion charges .  2 people charged with hate crime for beating man in 2008 while shouting racial epithets .  justice department alleges `` scheme to obstruct the investigation of the fatal assault .
 3 ordered to quit after body in pool went undetected for days <sec> two massachusetts pool employees and their supervisor are ordered to resign .  marie joseph , 36 , drowned four days before her body was discovered .  poor found poor water clairty the main hindrance to her body being discovered .  authorities plan to enact a new water clarity test at pools statewid .
 12-year-old fights friend 's cancer on the streets <sec> abby miller sings , plays guitar to help 4-year-old friend with cancer .  abby collects donations , has people write notes of support for taylor love .  taylor has neuroblastoma , a cancer that affects the nervous syste .
 funeral for slain ice agent set for tuesday <sec> jaime zapata was ambushed by a mexican cartel last week , authorities say .  he will be buried in his hometown of brownsville , texas .  his dedication was unparalleled , said his brothe .
 apple passes coke as world 's 'top brand ' <sec> technology is well represented on the 2013 `` best global brands '' list .  apple and google finish one-two , with coca-cola in third .  coke had topped the list for all of its previous 13 years .  ibm , microsoft , samsung and intel also hit top 10 on list , published by interbran .
 diageo facts <sec> diageo was the result of the merger of guinness and grand metropolitan .  the company boasts brands such as smirnoff , baileys and jose cuervo .  diageo employs 72,000 people across more than 200 markets worldwid .
 opposition protests set for thursday in romania <sec> the opposition is demanding early elections .  romania has seen six straight days of citizen protests .  tuesday 's protests were mostly peaceful , officials say .  romanians are angry about unemployment , austerity measure .
 u.s. parents not worried about kids ' digital-media use <sec> study : most parents in the u.s. are not concerned about their young children 's media use .  almost 60 % say they 're not worried about their kids becoming addicted to digital devices .  the northwestern university survey of 2,300 parents was released tuesda .
 a chili pepper turns 50 <sec> red hot chili peppers bassist flea turned 50 on tuesday .  his birthday party was also a fundraiser for the silverlake conservatory of music .  flea : i woke up at 50 feeling grateful for everything .  his birthday wish ? .  `` a lakers world championship .
 malala 's parents arrive in britain <sec> plane carrying malala 's parents lands in birmingham , england .  `` it is essential that i be with my daughter during her recovery , '' says her father .  malala asked that her school books be brought to her , interior minister malik says .  on october 9 , the taliban shot the teen activist who had demanded education for girl .
 jill duggar and derick dillard are expecting <sec> the couple married in june .  their wedding will be featured on the show .  dillard says news of pregnancy was `` surreal .
 american tourists kidnapped in egypt , official says <sec> guide is among three people taken hostage from a tour bus in the sinai region .  security official says bedouin kidnappers want release of a relative held on drug charges .  kidnappings , robberies are up since longtime dictator hosni mubarak was ousted last yea .
 fire burns two historic fdr-era cottages in georgia <sec> authorities think lightning from a storm may have sparked the fire .  fdr lived in one of the cottages for four years before he became presiden .
 australian parties in 'race to bottom ' on asylum seeker policy <sec> labor government sending people who arrive by boat to offshore processing centers .  opposition coalition says thousands already in australia wo n't be allowed to stay .  mcadam : `` queue jumper '' narrative has permeated australian society .  public perception is that asylum numbers are much higher than realit .
 motogp : jorge lorenzo hits seagull , sets lap record at phillip island <sec> jorge lorenzo will start australian grand prix in pole position after qualifying record .  spanish motorcyclist overcomes incident with seagull , which gets lodged in his forks .  world champion must finish at least second to deny marc marquez the 2013 title .  riders must change their bikes during sunday 's 26-lap race due to tire safety fear .
 chief justice out to end affirmative action <sec> jeffrey toobin : from arguments on voting rights act , it 's clear chief justice opposes it .  in past rulings , john roberts has voted down affirmative action policies , he says .  toobin : he thinks race equality has been won , remedies are reverse discrimination .  toobin : voting rights act made the right to vote real for blacks , especially in the sout .
 button set for landmark 200th grand prix <sec> jenson button is preparing for the 200th race of his formula one career .  the mclaren driver won his first grand prix in hungary five years ago .  his teammate lewis hamilton is looking to build on last weekend 's triumph in german .
 holder admits 'mistakes ' in rich pardon <sec> new : former gop senator testifies on behalf of attorney general-designate holder .  holder admits `` mistakes '' in rich pardon incident , defends faln pardons .  sen. patrick leahy urges judiciary committee to put partisanship aside .  sen. arlen specter says there are questions about ag designat .
 mexico 's president has new twitter account name <sec> felipe calderon announced the new name wednesday morning .  his new account name is felipecalderon ; it used to be presidente_fc .  he had solicited suggestions for the nam .
 how women can really say no <sec> women hesitate to say no out of fear they will offend men , columnist says .  `` the power of no : how to keep blowhards and bozos at bay '' has tips on saying no .  author : the word `` no '' can act as an aphrodisiac for some men .  when saying , 'no '' keep the tone friendly , but emotion-free , writer say .
 key al qaeda operative killed in u.s. strike , somalia says <sec> new : analyst calls operative `` one of the leading al qaeda figures in east africa '' .  al qaeda operative saleh ali saleh nabhan killed , somali official says .  u.s. special operations forces fired on car from chopper in somalia , u.s. officials say .  officials : man tied to 1998 bombings of u.s. embassies in kenya and tanzani .
 wide open in west texas <sec> the towns of marfa , alpine and marathon sit along u.s. 90 like hitching posts .  `` good things come with space , '' says a new york transplant to west texas .  of the highway town trio , alpine is the busy on .
 judge strikes florida 's same-sex marriage ban <sec> gov . .  rick scott for `` traditional marriage '' in line with voter-backed amendment .  a federal judge says florida 's same-sex marriage bans violates u.s. constitution .  19 federal courts have weighed in on this matter and reached the same conclusion .  judge stays his own order , meaning gays and lesbians ca n't marry right awa .
 how a boy becomes a killer <sec> james garbarino : violence that seems senseless to us makes sense to shooters .  he says troubled , lonely boys can perceive the world as hostile and full of enemies .  garbarino : view fostered by web sites promoting paranoia , shooting video games .  culture supports access to weapons , he says , entertainment promotes violenc .
 science figures out how cats drink <sec> unlike dogs , cats do n't slurp when they drink , team finds .  cats show mastery of physical forces , balancing gravity and inertia , to drink .  findings of four-member team were published in the online journal scienc .
 kenya to hold a state funeral for nobel laureate maathai <sec> kenya announces two days of mourning for wangari maathai .  a state funeral will be held for the environmental activist who died this week .  she was the first woman from africa to win the nobel peace priz .
 u.n. inspectors in syria to assess if chemical weapons used in war <sec> the syrian government has agreed to the terms of visit .  the u.s. believes syrian forces crossed a `` red line '' by using chemical weapons .  the syrian government says rebels have used the .
 fort hood massacre site to be torn down <sec> army maj. nidal hasan killed 13 , injured 32 in 2009 shooting at fort hood .  hasan was convicted in august .  the building where massacre happened had been fenced off as crime scen .
 brazilian surfer ricardo dos santos shot dead near home <sec> the 24-year-old was `` a fearless , world-class tuberider , '' surfer magazine says .  he had `` a whole life ahead of him , '' says fellow surfer carlos burle .  an off-duty officer suspected of shooting dos santos has been arrested , cnn affiliate report .
 libyan rebels launch assault close to tripoli <sec> new : nato warplanes targeted military refueling equipment near brega .  14 rebels die in misrata fighting .  rebels capture al-qawalish , according to a rebel fighter .  the town is about 30 miles southwest of tripol .
 by the numbers : george h.w . bush <sec> 2 - number of presidents with a son who became president .  426 - electoral votes bush received in the 1988 presidential election .  168 - electoral college votes he received in 1992 , losing to bill clinton , who received 370 .  38 million - archived records documenting bush 's life at his presidential librar .
 when did the gop become the whiners ? <sec> howell raines : romney press secretary 's outburst at reporters part of new gop whining .  he says you know political ground shifting when a party complains about mistreatment .  he says romney faces team more like tough kennedys of '60s , not usual whiny democrats .  raines : romney cries foul when opponent uses his own attack tactics ; dems being effectiv .
 official : kurdish forces hold mosul dam <sec> new : dam is in the hands of kurdish forces , not the islamic state , an official says .  there has been fierce fighting in the iraqi town of sinjar , close to syria , a source says .  kurdish fighters are engaged in house-to-house battle with islamic state , source says .  sinjar fell to isis fighters over weekend , police sa .
 charges dropped against company commander in haditha killings <sec> capt . .  lucas mcconnell was accused of poor investigating , reporting of deaths .  two other officers face charges related to their response to the killings .  incident killed up to two dozen civilians in haditha , iraq , in november 200 .
 developmentally delayed massachusetts girl , 17 , found in rhode island <sec> `` she is safe , she is unharmed , she is ok , '' police chief says of brittany thompson .  she was last seen monday leaving the medfield public library with a man .  it 's not known if the man thompson was found with was the one she left the library with .  she did n't appear to be hurt and was n't taken to a hospital when she was found , chief say .
 massachusetts sheriff threatens to turn away federal detainees <sec> sheriff is warning feds that their detainees will be turned away .  sheriff andrea cabral is calling for more respect and communication .  ice officials are reviewing her concern .
 afghan junkies risk triggering aids explosion <sec> government officials say 1.2 million afghans are now addicted to drugs .  united nations says growing drug use could lead to hiv/aids crisis .  efforts to combat drug use suffering from chronic lack of fund .
 u.n. official urges efforts to safeguard peace in lebanon <sec> `` the situation in lebanon has become more precarious , '' jeffrey feltman says .  he urges a clampdown on arms smuggling across the syrian-lebanese border .  kidnappings have to stop , he say .
 earthships , the sustainable homes made with old junk <sec> earthships are self-sustainable buildings independent of all utilities .  the first earthships were designed in new mexico , in and near the city of taos .  walls are made from recycled tires , tin cans and bottles .  the price of each one ranges from $ 250,000 to $ 1.5 millio .
 aussie dj scandal : does radio share the blame ? <sec> an australian radio prank prompts u.s. broadcasters to re-evaluate .  `` my advice : it 's a tragedy , but just calm down , '' one expert says .  the tragic prank revives memory of a 2007 radio stunt that killed a contestant .  are pranks driven by ratings ? .  will the aussie dj scandal affect u.s. radio .
 california 's lake county looks better than ever <sec> lake county has a burgeoning wine scene .  ceàgo del lago winery is accessible by boat .  the area is still a haven for water recreation and summertime fu .
 bacon chocolate , e-cards and other valentine trends <sec> recent google data show more people are searching for gift ideas for men than women .  chocolate and roses are still the most popular gift searches .  a third of american adults plan on sending an e-card on valentine 's day .  google saw 292 % more recent searches for `` gifts for boyfriend '' than for husband .
 wichita students ' senior prank is one the principal does n't mind <sec> wichita , kansas , high school students surprise principal with kind-hearted senior prank .  `` this is why i do the things that i do , '' the principal say .
 belgium : lawmakers vote on children 's right to choose euthanasia <sec> lower house of parliament votes 86 to 44 in favor .  open letter signed by 175 pediatricians called for more time to consider the issue .  the law would allow terminally ill minors who are in intolerable pain to choose euthanasia .  stringent conditions would have to be met , including consent by the child 's parent .
 jeep gets stuck trying to drive over u.s.-mexico border fence <sec> suspected smugglers propped up a ramp along the border , officials say .  the jeep they were driving got stuck and was left teetering atop the fence .  the drivers fled into mexico , the u.s. border patrol say .
 al qaeda branch in syria issues ultimatum to splinter group <sec> radical islamist group in syria is warned to accept arbitration or leave country .  isis wants to form an islamist state in syria .  even al qaeda 's main leadership rejected the group 's violent tactic .
 the voice that launched a nation 's dreams : shipping forecast magic <sec> ca n't sleep ? .  never fear , the shipping forecast is here .  for almost 90 years , bbc radio 's weather forecast has entranced listeners .  aired four times a day , the bulletin has been immortalized by artists .  life-saver for mariners , helped reduce deaths at se .
 obama tells gay activists he is committed to equality <sec> new : president tweaks gop hopefuls over debate incident .  obama says he will continue to advocate for equality .  many gay rights activists applaud obama 's track record .  but some critics say he has done too little to advance same-sex marriag .
 do blackjack tables help explain the recession ? <sec> business school study examined blackjack players at las vegas casino .  finding was that losses came more from over-caution than recklessness .  authors believe lessons could be expanded to business worl .
 we can not fail the women of arab spring <sec> nancy pelosi led delegation to meet with arab women working for democracy .  she says women want long-denied participation in society , access to education , jobs .  pelosi : many women were key players in arab spring and do n't want to be left behind .  pelosi : they say u.s. support is crucial for building democracies with roles for wome .
 debate coach : why obama was stellar this time <sec> todd graham : obama revived himself and gave a stellar ( but not perfect ) debate performance .  he says obama used `` primacy effect '' technique to be most persuasive first thing in debate .  he says obama also used romney 's own words against him , a timeless , winning strategy .  graham : romney used that technique too , but late in debate ; lost valuable time in waitin .
 in weinstein hostage ordeal , help from congress - cnnpolitics.com <sec> about a year after al qaeda took warren weinstein hostage , his family paid a ransom , a pakistani source says .  the captors demanded that other prisoners be released , the source says .  weinstein , an american aid worker , was killed in a drone strike in january , the u.s. say .
 amazon announces new wave of kindles <sec> kindle paperwhite e-reader will feature a touchscreen and a fiber-optic lighting system .  amazon rolled out two kindle fires : a new version of the current tablet and bigger kindle fire hd .  the updated kindle fire will sell for $ 159 and ship on september 14 .  a 4g version of the larger kindle fire hd will be available for $ 49 .
 court hearing held for six tied to group seeking islamic state in u.s . <sec> new : six appear in federal court thursday , a day after they were arrested in raids .  alleged group leader was fatally shot wednesday after firing at law enforcement agents .  fbi says men were members of ummah , led by former h. rap brown .  law enforcement sources say ummah seeks to set up islamic state in u.s .
 george hamilton puts his life out in the open <sec> george hamilton 's formative years subject of `` my one and only '' .  perpetually tanned hamilton fell into acting ; he wanted to be a doctor .  hamilton remembers thrill of old hollywood , then one day it was gon .
