 biden : iran will not threaten u.s. security through latin america <sec> biden says the u.s. has `` capacity '' to stop iran from influencing western security .  iran has increasingly close ties with several latin american countries .  `` iran will not be able to pose a hemispheric threat to the united states , '' biden says .  the vice president says his visit to mexico and honduras this week was successfu .
 chinese flock to elite u.s. schools <sec> mainland china has led international enrollment in u.s. higher education since 2009 .  mainland chinese students increased 23 % to more than 723,000 at recent count .  boarding schools , universities desire chinese students for dollars and diversity .  international curriculum , university campuses setting up in china to meet demand locall .
 you could hang lionel messi on your wall ... for $ 450,000 <sec> takashi murakami 's 'lionel messi and a universe of flowers ' sells for $ 488,000 .  the sotheby 's event will raises $ 3.8 million for the 1in11 charity funding access to education and sport for children .  damien hirst 's spin painting of messi raises $ 562,00 .
 obama taps bob mcdonald to head va <sec> new : obama describes mcdonald as `` an expert at making organizations better '' .  `` he 's no-nonsense . .  he 's pragmatic , '' the president says about his pick .  mcdonald is a west point graduate and former ceo of procter & gamble .  his nomination must be confirmed by the senat .
 oprah bids farewell in final show <sec> new : `` you all have been a safe harbor for me , '' winfrey says .  she offers e-mail address by which her fans might contact her .  fans say winfrey inspired them to do better in lif .
 opinion : the 'i-word ' is un-american <sec> the film `` documented '' airs 9 p.m . .  et saturday , july 5 , on cnn .  sally kohn : the n-word and f-word are considered bad , but what about `` illegals ? '' .  kohn : some words reflect our dehumanizing attitude toward marginalized people .  she says despite heated debates over immigration , people should have compassio .
 sworn-in president cites two mexicos <sec> protesters , police clash outside congress .  enrique pena nieto pledges to create opportunity , reduce violence .  `` mexico has not achieved the advances its people demand and deserve , '' he says .  pena nieto 's victory is a return to power for his party after a 12-year ga .
 g20 leaders agree on measures aimed at adding $ 2 trillion to global economy <sec> g20 : the planned measures would lift the combined gdp of g20 nations by 2.1 % .  if fully implemented , the raft of policies will create millions of jobs , a communique says .  australian prime minister : `` we will do everything we humanly can to make them happen '' .  g20 nations also agree to work to adopt a measure with `` legal force '' on climate chang .
 denver broncos fan disappears during game <sec> paul kitterman was last seen by his son and friends waiting outside a stadium bathroom .  he has been missing since thursday night .  the 53-year-old broncos fan was attending his first game in person .  his friend says he 's very loyal to his son , would n't just walk awa .
 park geun-hye , president 's daughter , ascends to top job <sec> park geun-hye , 60 won the presidency to become first female to lead south korea .  park returns to the blue house , where her father once served as president .  she drew inspiration from margaret thatcher and queen elizabeth i .
 states use tax incentives to draw film work from hollywood <sec> forty-four states offer tax credits to filmmakers in hopes of attracting projects .  georgia boasts one of highest tax returns in united states , up to 30 percent .  louisiana was one of first states to develop incentive program eight years ag .
 u.s. , iran , israel should cool the rhetoric <sec> david menashri : parties to the iran nuclear issue talking tough about what they might do .  he says the heightened rhetoric increases the possibility of events cycling out of control .  menashri : why warn about bombing iran sites ? .  or closing strait of hormuz ? .  he says leaders need to stop using crisis for political purposes and calm things dow .
 why apple did n't include siri in os x mountain lion <sec> apple has remained mum on whether siri will ever be ported to other devices .  putting siri to mountain lion desktops would pose several challenges .  siri voice analysis would be far more challenging on a mac computer .  siri is all about location services and desktop computers do n't include native gp .
 india rape documentary maker udwin shocked by ban <sec> documentary maker leslee udwin says she 's shocked by indian authorities ' ban on showing her film .  she says the ban is a `` missed opportunity '' for india to show it cares about equality for women .  udwin says the root of the problem of sexual violence in india and elsewhere is gender inequalit .
 fame and fillies : meet the celebrity racehorse owners <sec> big names in hollywood are investing in racehorses .  royalty is among the most prolific owners and trainers .  soccer club manchester united has strong links with racing .  even 1990s pop icon mc hammer invested in the spor .
 miami : no longer a city of vice <sec> miami has shed its 80s reputation for carjackings and 'cocaine cowboys ' .  wynwood and the design district are up-and-coming arts neighborhoods .  the language and culture of latin america are part of modern miami .  miami still attracts the international jet set and is a party city like no othe .
 inside iraq : two years after u.s. withdrawal , are things worse than ever ? <sec> cnn 's michael holmes says things are in many ways worse for iraqis now than in 2011 .  security situation in sunni-dominated anbar province has deteriorated in recent days .  critics say iraqi prime minister nouri al-maliki 's shia government has marginalized sunni .
 rush limbaugh calls on conservatives to take back nation <sec> `` we want every american to be the best he or she chooses to be , '' he says .  limbaugh says conservatives need to choose right candidate to take back nation .  he accuses president obama of inspiring fear in americans to push his agenda .  opponents had put out political ad implying limbaugh was de facto head of go .
 oklahoma teens stage walkout over victim-blaming <sec> oklahoma teens walk out of class monday to protest victim-blaming .  hundreds of students , community members gathered outside norman high school .  protest stems from allegations from students who say same person raped them .  teens told jezebel that school failed to adequately deal with their rape claim .
 ex-teacher arrested in chile ; child sex abuse in spain alleged <sec> suspect , jose angel arregui erana , arrested in august 2009 .  he does n't appear to have been a priest , but a teacher in a catholic order 's schools .  arregui held on suspicion of filming abuse , possessing images of sexually abused boys .  authorities say none of the alleged victims have been willing to go publi .
 same-sex marriage can begin in idaho <sec> aclu of kansas files lawsuit to allow marriage for same-sex couples .  decision will make idaho the 27th state to allow same-sex marriage .  federal appeals court on tuesday found bans in idaho and nevada unconstitutional .  judge in north carolina also rules friday that same-sex marriage can begin ther .
 francona : putin 's real end game in ukraine <sec> u.s. intelligence officials say they believe russian artillery is firing into eastern ukraine .  rick francona says the artillery firing is a significant escalation by the russians .  he says vladimir putin 's concern is to protect the pro-russian rebels .  francona : ultimately , putin may claim territory in eastern ukraine to 'protect ' rebel .
 get past strike , fix chicago schools <sec> pedro noguera : whatever outcome of teachers strike , it 's clear schools need change .  he says they face high dropouts , low ratings , poor student progress , high poverty .  sides must deal : union must see need for good teachers ; mayor must stop bullying .  noguera : even with deal , students will return to substandard school .
 a strange scene -- a somewhat polite standoff in crimea <sec> new : ukrainian navy chief : `` we obey only commands from kiev '' .  men in dark green uniforms at crimea base politely standing next to ukrainian soldiers .  there is an air of calm at base with protesters chanting .  that calmness is in stark contrast with increasingly heated political rhetori .
 geniuses who will change your life <sec> stanford professor programmed car to drive itself .  air force scientist may revolutionize travel .  economist has theory to help fight aids .  band 's lead singer takes aim at malaria dn .
 white house : contractor bill would have 'intolerable ' effects <sec> bill would allow american courts to prosecute crimes in a war zone overseas .  white house : bill would cause `` unintended and intolerable '' consequences .  bill sponsor rep. david price blasts wh , calling concerns unfounded .  house expected to debate bill wednesday and vote on it thursda .
 ruling party in catalonia region loses seats in parliament <sec> ruling party had hoped to win enough seats for simple majority .  another party that supports independence makes big gains .  more than a million catalans demonstrated for independence in september .  catalans complain of cultural repression and economic slights dating to centurie .
 child killer sentenced to death <sec> new : girl 's father urges john evander couey not to appeal death sentence .  couey was convicted of kidnapping and killing jessica lunsford , 9 .  couey said in phone conversation that he expected death sentence .  victim 's father led push for stronger sex-offender control .
 facebook founder announces $ 100 million donation <sec> facebook founder appears on `` oprah '' .  newark schools will get the money .  zuckerberg has a net worth of $ 6.9 billion .  the donation comes ahead of the release of a critical movie and a boo .
 air force grounds f-22s over oxygen system concerns <sec> the stand-down order was made tuesday but is just now becoming public .  the 165 raptor fighter jets have been kept at lower altitudes during ongoing probe .  flying above 25,000 feet could cause pilots to black out .  order came from gen. william fraser , head of air combat comman .
 alaska sen. murkowski claims victory in re-election bid <sec> murkowski thanks alaskans for helping make history .  she ran as write-in candidate after losing primary to joe miller .  miller is backed by tea party expres .
 flying robots learn mind-boggling tricks <sec> raffaello d'andrea heads eth zurich 's flying machine arena .  arena is at forefront of research into autonomous flying robots .  quadrocopters learn amazing throwing and catching maneuvers .  d'andrea says technology education needs to promote `` unconstrained creation .
 clinton : foundation does 'a lot more good than harm ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> clinton foundation has taken money from foreign governments .  bill clinton : `` i believe we have done a lot more good than harm .
 10 years of viagra : what the blue pill could n't cure <sec> viagra helped 25 million men with erectile dysfunction and bring awareness .  blue pill considered a huge step in understanding human sexuality , cultural attitudes .  ed indicates other health issues and that blood vessels are n't working well .  viagra is n't a cure-all , some sex problems are indicative of relationship problem .
 australian policies led to refugee deaths <sec> ian rintoul : dozens of asylum seekers die in boat wreck off australia 's christmas island .  rintoul : questions raised about response of australian navy , island emergency services .  australia pressures indonesia to detain asylum seekers , so they leave in boats , rintoul writes .  detention policies , failure to resettle people lead to tragedies like christmas island , he say .
 despite disappointing penn state loss , fans promise to support team ' 'for the long haul ' <sec> penn state loses season opener to ohio university .  fans come from near and far to cheer on penn state 's new coach and team .  students and alumni in blue and white came out in force friday night -- 20,000 stron .
 i-reporter shares firsthand account of suicide bomb attack <sec> on tuesday , a suicide bomber struck a bus in kabul , afghanistan .  samimi , a 23-year-old resident of kabul , witnessed the bombing .  he shares photos , first-hand account of the tragic situation .  i-report : send photos , video of breaking news situations near yo .
 2012 motogp season brought forward <sec> the 2012 motogp will start a week earlier than originally planned .  doha , qatar will stage the year 's first race on april 8 .  the season will come to a close in the spanish port city of valenci .
 u.n. watchdog : iran makes significant nuclear steps <sec> new : report says iran has completed underground enrichment facility .  u.n. agency says iran still has n't allowed it access to parchin military site .  director says there 's still no clarity on nuclear program 's possible military aspects .  iranian officials and u.n. watchdog agency will meet on december 13 in tehra .
 jetblue passengers reacted . would you ? <sec> jason marsh calls quick action of jetblue passengers with captain admirable .  he says `` no way out '' situation inhibited `` bystander effect , '' where people do n't react .  he says research shows people usually hang back , rely on others to act on danger .  marsh : crew asking for help made a difference , as did law enforcement passenger .
 consumer advocate clark howard diagnosed with prostate cancer <sec> the atlanta-based consumer advocate makes announcement on radio show .  `` i just wanted to give it to you right form the horse 's mouth , '' howard says .  biopsy reveals `` small , isolated pocket of cancer '' in early stages , he says .  the radio show host , best-selling author tells women to urge men to get check-up .
 famu president resigns in wake of hazing death <sec> new : drum major 's parents file lawsuit .  robert champion , 26 , was badly beaten after a football game in orlando .  `` it seems to be in the best interest of the university , '' board chairman says of resignation .  the marching band has been suspended through the 2012-2013 seaso .
 stylish smog masks hit the runways <sec> at china fashion week , one designer sent models down the runway wearing smog masks .  beijing has been experiencing heavy smog over the past few days .  a climate symposium is being held in china during the same time as the fashionable even .
 marussia formula one team to auction off assets <sec> the defunct marussia formula one team is selling its assets in an online auction .  buyers have a unique chance to buy a 2013 f1 car .  max chilton 's racesuit , a steering wheel and a variety of car parts are also for sale .  administrators for marussia are still hoping to find a buyer so the team can race in 201 .
 brain-eating amoeba survivor continues to improve <sec> kali hardig , 12 , continues to make progress at arkansas children 's hospital .  hardig is walking with assistance during therapy sessions , hospital spokesman says .  amoeba causes fatal brain infection , according to the cdc .  parasite generally found in people who swim in warm , fresh wate .
 cholesterol drug recalled over glass concerns <sec> drug maker ranbaxy says it 's calling back 41 lots of the popular statin .  the company says some batches may contain small glass particles .  the drug , atorvastatin calcium , is the generic version of lipitor .  conditions at two of the company 's indian plants led to a federal consent decre .
 at celebrity-named restaurants , fame is what 's cooking <sec> celebrities and restaurants are a good business mix .  stars like ashton kutcher , britney spears , justin timberlake invest in restaurants .  others put their names on restaurant , like michael jordan 's steak house .  author : tourists love to go home and say they ate at celebrity 's restauran .
 marines face toy deficit as christmas nears <sec> the marines ' toys for tots program has distributed donated toys for 60 years .  bad economy has resulted in more requests for toys and fewer donations .  marines will fall short of 16.6 million toys distributed last year .  in atlanta and san francisco areas , donations down 30 percen .
 u.n. chief , in iraq , praises provincial elections <sec> u.n. secretary-general visits iraq , lauds `` remarkable '' elections there .  ban ki-moon last visited iraq in 2007 , when violence was still raging .  voters in 14 of 18 provinces turned out last weekend to cast ballots .  iraq prime minister thanks united nations for assistance , suppor .
 blatter commits to 'change ' after winning fifa 's presidential vote <sec> new : sepp blatter re-elected as president of fifa for a fourth term .  blatter , the only candidate , receives 186 votes from fifa 's 208 delegates .  the swiss vows to put the fifa ship back into 'clear and transparent waters ' .  fifa vote to change the process used to decide world cup host nation .
 massive ice shelf on verge of breakup <sec> a large chunk of the wilkins ice shelf in antarctica broke away last month .  only a narrow strip of ice is protecting the shelf from further breakup .  `` i did n't expect to see things happen this quickly , '' scientist says .  ice shelves are floating ice sheets attached to the coas .
 idf investigation finds palestinian man 'regrettably killed ' <sec> israel defense forces concludes that commando 's actions were unprofessional .  the man 's military career is ended .  idf would not identify the ma .
 bar in a bathroom ? it 's a nightlife trend in brisbane <sec> a door in the washroom of lefty 's old time music hall in brisbane , australia , leads to a completely different bar .  lefty 's stocks about 100 whiskies , the mermaid bar has about 100 rums .  other secret bars in brisbane are found beneath the regatta hotel and behind kwan brothers restauran .
 california city to become largest to file bankruptcy <sec> stockton will file for bankruptcy by sunday .  the city council approves a special budget plan on a 6-1 vote .  the city says it will continue to pay employees , vendors and service provider .
 pilot buys pizza for delayed passengers <sec> flight from washington to denver was diverted because of bad weather .  the plane was stuck on the ground in wyoming for about two hours .  there was no more food aboard , so the pilot decided to order pizz .
 mexican police arrest suspect in juarez consulate shootings <sec> authorities say `` el zorro '' is also suspected in the slaying of a federal police officer .  security officials have not said how he allegedly participated in the shootings .  they describe him as a leader of the aztecas gang .  another suspect is also arreste .
 haye and chisora announce rematch : this time in the boxing ring <sec> british heavyweight boxers david haye and dereck chisora to fight on july 14 in london .  the pair brawled at a press conference after chisora 's loss to vitali klitschko in february .  incident provoked widespread condemnation with chisora stripped of boxing lilcense .  amir khan 's fight with lamont petersen in doubt after american fails drug tes .
 fbi to review denver police beating <sec> new : the fbi has agreed to review the incident .  officers received `` appropriate '' discipline , city official says .  mayor seeks to `` ensure justice is appropriately served '' .  officers involved were disciplined for filing a false repor .
 why it 's too late to save greece 's sovereignty <sec> german and greek politicians are at odds over who should control greece 's budget .  greek political economist yanis varoufakis says both are guilty of failing to grasp the real problem .  varoufakis says both countries mislead voters in agreeing an unsustainable rescue package for greec .
 opinion : atlanta 's total lack of preparedness <sec> david levinson : atlanta area should have been prepared for the weather .  he says atlanta gets little snow , but gets weather forecasts . .  storm was not a surprise .  officials should have kept people off the roads , levinson says .  levinson : real leaders are n't insecure about risking such decision .
 shiffrin extends world cup lead in slalom history bid <sec> u.s. skier mikaela shiffrin wins world cup slalom race in are , sweden on saturday .  the 20-year-old is poised to clinch a historic double at finals in meribe .
 iraqis vote in local elections despite violence <sec> new : analyst : national unity taking a background to sectarianism .  there were a number of attacks preceding the vote .  elections are being held in most of the country 's 18 governorates .  it 's the first poll in which iraqi forces will provide security without help from the u.s .
 u.s. f/a-18 fighter jets crash in persian gulf <sec> all three aviators recovered safely after ejecting from aircraft ; crash cause unknown .  no indication of hostile fire ; not related to iranian confrontation sunday .  f-18 super hornets are attached to aircraft carrier uss harry s. truma .
 more 'transformers ' sequels , spinoffs in the works <sec> paramount plans to follow in the footsteps of marvel and dc comics with a `` cinematic universe '' .  it 's enlisting writer and producer akiva goldsman to help the studio develop ideas and a tea .
