 teen pilot killed at sea in quest to set world record <sec> coach says young pilot was a soccer player who had a knack for when to tell joke .  haris suleman , 17 , was at the controls during his trip around the world .  his father , babar suleman , was traveling with him and is missing .  haris ' sister says her brother and dad had trained for a water landin .
 nhl player 'incredible for his age ' <sec> chris chelios , 48 , is playing for the nhl 's atlanta thrashers .  his hockey career began before some of his teammates were born .  the veteran of 26 nhl seasons has won the stanley cup three times .  he says younger players are faster , but he plays smarte .
 michael jackson doctor : 'i told the truth ' <sec> dr. conrad murray was michael jackson 's doctor ; he 's under investigation .  murray made video , posted to youtube , in which he thanks supporters .  spokesperson : murray has been `` under siege '' in recent week .
 pakistan stars snubbed in ipl auction <sec> no pakistan players are bought in auction for lucrative indian premier league cricket series .  only 11 of the 66 players on offer were snapped up as budgets slashed to $ 750,000 .  west indies all-rounder kieron pollard went for the full amount as four teams bid for him .  veteran new zealand pace bowler shane bond also sold for maximum $ 750,00 .
 why the $ 16 muffin is no joke <sec> a report criticized justice department for extravagant spending .  matt welch says it 's natural to make light of the $ 16 muffin .  he says government does n't exercise any spending restraint .  welch : larger issue of uncontrolled spending is deadly seriou .
 report : nearly half world 's primates face extinction <sec> report : almost 50 percent of world 's primates in danger of extinction .  situation is especially dire in asia , where 70 percent of primates threatened .  90 percent of primate species in vietnam and cambodia at risk of extinctio .
 biden v. ryan : like a father-son brawl <sec> alan schroeder : debate 's most striking feature was the age gap between candidates .  schroeder : biden managed to dominate the evening .  he says ryan came across as not quite seasoned enough for the office he seeks .  schroeder : biden allows obama to hit the reset button for his rematch with romne .
 how terror can breed through social media <sec> social media forums can provide sources for would-be terrorists .  british security services monitor social media sites to track groups and individuals .  some experts think terrorists have `` self radicalized '' through social media .  others believe that ultimately there is almost always a terrorist `` mentor .
 on second thought : maybe smartphones make us 'superstupid ' ? <sec> readers react to a cnn story on the powers of smarpthones .  instead of `` superhuman , '' one reader says phones make us `` superstupid '' .  commenters raise issues of safety , health and social impact .  `` smartphones have created a generation of narcissistic snobs .
 surgery transplanted most of patient 's face <sec> reconstructive surgeon dr. maria siemionow led face transplant team .  eighty percent of trauma patient 's face reportedly transplanted .  siemionow has had clearance to perform full facial transplant since 2004 .  previous transplants have come under ethical cloud , professor say .
 storms leave 200 injured in virginia , officials say <sec> new : injuries in suffolk , where a tornado destroyed homes and businesses .  a second tornado struck colonial heights injuring at least 18 , an official said .  video shows roofs torn off , cars flipped , trees snapped in half .  a third twister damaged several homes near lawrencevill .
 absence of chinese vice president fuels intrigue before power transition <sec> xi jinping has n't been seen in public for more than a week and speculation is growing .  he is expected to succeed president hu jintao to become the next president of china .  his absence , including missing a meeting with hillary clinton , has stoked rumors .  chinese officials declined to give an explanation and refuse to discuss the matte .
 opinion : amputees never say 'i ca n't ' <sec> jothy rosenberg lost his leg at 16 , an experience that some in boston blast have had .  he says it 's horrible . .  and it 's challenging physically to adjust , psychically even more difficult .  but you can , he says . .  sports mastery helps restore self-esteem .  rosenberg : those hurt can excel far beyond what they imagine . .  do n't accept `` ca n't .
 activist : isis capital in raqqa is 'like a big prison ' <sec> `` we are trying to save our city , '' an activist tells cnn 's brooke baldwin .  abu ibrahim al-raqqawi describes forced marriages and blood donation .
 turbulence causes injuries in 2 flights that land in boston <sec> one incident involves a jetblue flight ; the other a lufthansa flight .  seven people are injured in the jetblue incident .  eleven were reported hurt in the lufthansa fligh .
 ukraine through a protester 's eyes <sec> ukrainian native freddy ua has been documenting the protests in kiev .  he shared his photos online to show what 's happening in his country .  he says ukrainian protesters just want democracy and freedo .
 us lists 8 common substances as potential cancer risks <sec> a natural-occuring chemical and formaldehyde listed as `` known human carcinogens '' .  glass wool fibers and styrene , used in styrofoam , are `` reasonably anticipated to be human carcinogens '' .  the report was issued friday by u.s. department of health and human service .
 colorado flooding : residents return , but some find no home <sec> new : death toll statewide revised downward to six .  about 600 people in larimer county are stranded , need to be rescued .  weather this week will favor rescue crews , with only slight chance for storms .  in the town of lyons , flood waters pushed entire houses around like furnitur .
 jennifer love hewitt , now married , welcomes baby girl <sec> jennifer love hewitt and brian hallisay quietly tied the knot .  the `` client list '' co-stars also welcomed their first child .  they named their daughter autumn james hallisay .  the couple announced they were engaged and expecting in jun .
 paper : officer testifies to grand jury in ferguson case <sec> post-dispatch : ferguson police officer darren wilson testifies for almost four hours .  wilson shot and killed michael brown , an unarmed black teen , in ferguson on august 9 .  no charges were filed against wilson ; prosecutors instead took the case to a grand jury .  a judge recently gave the grand jury until january 7 to decide if wilson should be charge .
 key senator : revenue increase from tax reform is ok <sec> new : republicans reject warnings of catastrophe without a higher debt ceiling .  conservative senator breaks from his previous pledge of no tax increase .  tax reform would lower rates and end loopholes , sen. coburn says .  coburn is one of six senators in bipartisan talks on deficit reductio .
 as death inquiry continues , so does silence of patriots player , cops <sec> new : all records in the investigation have been sealed .  patriots tight end aaron hernandez has remained silent and out of sight .  his attorney says he 's been subjected to `` rumors , misinformation and false reports '' .  investigators continued searching near the hernandez home on monda .
 source : nigeria police arrest militant group 's spokesman <sec> new : amnesty international accuses police of extra-judicial killings .  he was captured after a months-long surveillance operation .  police are now trying to confirm his true identity .  boko haram has carried out multiple attacks in nigeria recentl .
 china considers air rage 'no fly list ' <sec> china is considering blacklisting unruly passengers .  expert : many newly prosperous chinese unaccustomed to routine travel headaches .  chinese travelers also have to grapple with chronic delays in country 's busiest air hub .
 copying twitter hashtags another way for facebook to make money <sec> facebook is reportedly considering adding a twitter-like hashtag .  the feature pulls together all posts that use that tag .  doing so would create new real estate to offer to advertiser .
 elite medical unit is last hope for patients with mystery illnesses <sec> at nih , an elite team of doctors and researchers seek to solve medical mysteries .  the undiagnosed diseases program tries to save patients ' lives and create new science .  6,800 rare diseases in the world , according to nih estimate .
 new hampshire city awaits freed sudanese woman <sec> new hampshire city awaits mariam yehya ibrahim and her family .  plight of the sudanese christian woman sentenced to death touched manchester .  her husband , daniel wani , is an american citizen .  he was one of the first south sudanese refugees to resettle in mancheste .
 rand paul : isis war is 'illegal ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> rand paul calls on conservatives to decry the president 's use of military action without authorization .  the senator said the war is `` illegal '' and must be made valid `` or it must be ended .
 the greenest buildings of 2011 <sec> cnn presents a selection of eco-friendly buildings that were honored this year .  eco-friendly buildings include schools , homes , sports arenas and office buildings .  awarded by royal institute of british architects and american institute of architects among other .
 with weiner determined to stay put , a possible ethics probe comes next <sec> democratic colleagues want rep. anthony weiner to resign over a sexting scandal .  house minority leader pelosi has called for an ethics investigation of weiner .  analysts warn the investigation could set an undesired precedent .  a majority of registered voters in weiner 's district do n't want the congressman to step dow .
 first u.s. face transplant recipient offers thanks <sec> an ohio woman who suffered gunshot wound is first u.s. face transplant recipient .  connie culp regained breathing and speaking ability after transplant .  doctors say she has shown major medical improvement .
 obama in shorts ? xi in his swimmers ? brisbane welcomes g20 to 'paradise ' <sec> away from g20 talks , protests , planes attract attention in brisbane .  local paper depicts obama in shorts , with headline `` welcome to paradise '' .  security law bans lizards , insects from restricted areas of city .  planespotters excited over steady succession of arrivals at brisbane airpor .
 quick chat : cnn 's alina cho on fashion week , comfortable heels and election style <sec> alina cho is most impressed by fashion heavyweight karl lagerfeld . .  cho calls michelle obama 's style `` fashionable '' and ann romney 's `` conservative '' . .  fit is important for cho on camera -- she favors dresses , 3/4 sleeve cardigans and belts .
 day of violence hits iraqi cities <sec> new : the violence occurs during ramadan .  new : u.s. says the government needs to form now .  dozens are dead and wounde .
 weapons expert : we are all safer because of nobel winning opcw <sec> for years the opcw has been trying to persuade governments to outlaw chemical weapons , writes alastair hay .  hay : most countries have acceded willingly because they recognize the devastation which chemical weapons will cause .  the opcw now has the task of overseeing the destruction of syria 's chemical weapons .  we are all much safer because of the opcw which has done its painstaking work largely unnoticed by the world , he say .
 prosecutor gets justin bieber egg probe case ; decision nears <sec> `` no decision will be made this week , '' district attorney 's spokesman says .  prosecutor will decide whether justin bieber will be charged with vandalism .  a charge could be a misdemeanor or a more serious felony .  bieber already faces criminal cases in florida , canad .
 african leaders : al-shabaab operation 'historic opportunity ' for security <sec> the presidents are confident the operation against al-shabaab will restore security .  kenyan troops entered southern somalia in october .  al-shabaab is linked to al qaeda and considered a terrorist group by the u.s .
 can hillary clinton win over men ? <sec> s.e . .  cupp : clinton making women central to outreach , but she should really focus on men .  in 2014 election , overplaying to one gender failed -- particularly with `` war on women .
 pinki brings a smile to the oscars <sec> new : `` smile pinki '' wins best short documentary oscar .  pinki sonkar was born with cleft lip ; her family in india could n't afford surgery .  smile train charity provided operation ; 4 million children worldwide have cleft lips .  pinki , once an outcast because of the deformity , will attend the oscar ceremon .
 picasso piece sells for record $ 106.5 million <sec> `` nude , green leaves and bust '' sells for $ 106,482,500 , the most ever paid for single work of art .  the 1932 painting shows picasso 's muse and mistress , marie-therese walter .  previous record was $ 104 million for alberto giacometti 's `` l'homme qui marche i , bronze .
 food stamps a necessary lifeline <sec> stacy dean : criticism aside , food stamp program is a lifeline for 46 million people .  dean : program is highly efficient ; only 3 % of funds went to ineligible people .  numbers of recipients growing because of weak recovery and joblessness , she says .  number of recipients will go down as jobs increase , she says , but the need is high no .
 opinion : change your lifestyle , reverse your diseases <sec> dean ornish : health care costs are out of control , let 's try to deal with the real causes .  ornish : lifestyle choices make a huge difference in reducing diseases and illnesses .  he says when lifestyle changes are offered as treatment , significant cost savings occur .  ornish : on march 16 , watch cnn at 8 p.m. or 11 p.m . .  et to learn more in the film `` escape fire .
 the race to define ryan in florida <sec> paul ryan 's effect in florida depends mostly on seniors and hispanics , says ana navarro .  during his visit to florida this weekend , ryan needs to clearly define himself , she says .  democrats and republicans will wage a medicare battle in florida , she says .  navarro : ryan needs to make his feelings about immigration and cuba explici .
 here 's what 's tucked in the spending bill <sec> lawmakers tucked in dozens of items to the spending bill .  items affect everything from financial regulations to white potatoes .  congress must pass bill by thursday to avert a shutdow .
 racial profiling costs arizona county $ 22 million <sec> maricopa county , arizona , must pay $ 22 million to monitor and retrain sheriff 's officers .  a judge orders the program after finding sheriff joe arpaio used racial profiling .  arpaio is appealing the decision .  the money will come out of the general budget , a spokeswoman say .
 fukushima shines light on u.s. problem : 63,000 tons of spent fuel <sec> events in japan have raised questions about spent-fuel storage in the united states .  the u.s. has 104 nuclear reactors , which rely on pools of water and dry casks for storage .  an estimate by the nrc said some 63,000 tons of spent fuel was stored in the u.s . .  the nrc and industry critics disagree on whether spent fuel pools are saf .
 opinion : how safe are your prescription drugs ? <sec> aaron carroll : americans worry about safety of buying cheaper drugs in canada .  carroll : we import 40 % of our drugs from india ; contamination and fake pills are a problem .  he says india allowed inspections ; china , which also makes drugs , resists them .  carroll : we need to support the government in its efforts to protect us oversea .
 osama bin laden 's son-in-law testifies in federal terror trial <sec> sulaiman abu ghaith , osama bin laden 's son-in-law , is on trial in federal court .  he is accused of conspiring to kill u.s. nationals and being al qaeda 's propagandist .  on wednesday , he took the stand in his defense .  he testifies he told bin ladan , `` america will not rest until it accomplishes two things .
 iraq mayhem 'ready to explode ' into wider conflict , u.n. official says <sec> at least 10 more killed in baghdad on thursday amid rising religious , political tensions .  nearly 400 people have been killed in acts of violence in may , according to a cnn tally . .  u.n. representative martin kobler : `` systemic violence is ready to explode at any moment '' .  kobler : leaders need to take steps immediatel .
 review : 'funny people ' delivers the goods <sec> `` funny people '' has some funny -- and insightful -- stuff to say about comics .  judd apatow film stars adam sandler as ailing comedian .  movie 's main drawback is it 's too long , but material makes up for it , says tom charit .
 federer shrugs off nadal criticism to win melbourne opener <sec> third seed roger federer shrugs off criticism and injury worries to win opening match .  swiss star cruises to 7-5 6-2 6-2 victory over russia 's alexander kudryavtsev .  second seed rafael nadal also through in straight sets after beating qualifier alex kuznetsov .  world no . .  1 novak djokovic begins his australian open title defense on tuesda .
 environmental leaders : steering us toward disaster ? <sec> time running out to reverse climate change with clean-burning energy , author says .  film director robert stone says wind , solar energy ca n't create enough power .  stone : environmentalists should break with tradition and embrace nuclear energ .
 'angry birds ' slings onto facebook <sec> `` angry birds '' makes its debut on facebook .  the wildly popular game appeared on the social-networking site tuesday .  game will be free to play , but players must pay for bonus items and abilitie .
 mother of iranian passenger on flight 370 suffers in silence <sec> pouria nourmohammadi used a stolen passport to board the airliner , investigators say .  `` he boarded the plane with a plan to live in germany with his mother , '' his friend says .  nourmohammadi 's mother has shied away from attention .  she says that although her son broke the law , `` all 239 persons are the same .
 choose your own romantic adventure <sec> wine tastings and waterfront scenery await along virginia 's chesapeake bay wine trail .  the biltmore house is likely to wow history buffs with a peek at the high life of another era .  new orleans is never short on woo-inspiring culinary treat .
 'unprecedented ' global study finds 1 in 4 adults anti-semitic <sec> survey finds 26 % of the world 's adults are `` deeply infected '' with anti-semitism , the adl says .  nearly half have never heard of the holocaust .  in the u.s. , 9 % believed the majority of negative stereotypes .  three in four adults have never met a jewish perso .
 al qaeda in the arabian peninsula calls al-awlaki a martyr , promises retaliation <sec> terrorist group confirms militant cleric 's death in online `` eulogy '' .  anwar al-awlaki was killed in a u.s. drone strike september 30 .  the group says that though the u.s. killed him , it `` can not kill his ideas .
 ex-boyfriend 's memoir gives new perspective on amanda knox story <sec> raffaele sollecito wrote `` honor bound : my journey to hell and back with amanda knox '' .  sollecito and knox were convicted of murder but later freed on appeal .  meredith kercher was found stabbed to death in the apartment shared with kno .
 british weather posing olympics challenge , admits coe <sec> london 's olympic chairman says weather proving a challenge for games organizers .  sebastian coe says months of wet weather in the uk have posed problems .  coe says there is some flexibility in schedule to move events if require .
 champions league : greek tragedy for manchester united at olympiakos <sec> manchester united beaten 2-0 by olympiakos in champions league last 16 .  greek goals from alejandro dominguez and joel campbell .  borussia dortmund collect 4-2 away win at zenit st petersburg .  the second leg matches will be played on 19th marc .
 cole sees red as liverpool and arsenal draw at anfield <sec> liverpool and arsenal draw 1-1 in english premier league opener at anfield .  liverpool 's joe cole sent off just before halftime for foul on laurent koscielny .  koscielny also sees red deep into injury time at the end of the match .  david ngog puts liverpool ahead but pepe reina own goal rescues arsena .
 big drop in immigrant deportation , new border patrol report shows <sec> president obama deported immigrants at an all-time low rate during the past year .  nearly 316,000 people were removed , according to report obtained by the l.a. times .  these details add fuel to the fire for gop politicians who oppose obama 's executive orde .
 cnn student news - october 15 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 forget the recession , live like a rock star in new hotel <sec> entrepreneur braves recession to open rock'n'roll hotel in london 's soho .  sanctum soho offers roof terrace with 24 hour bar , jacuzzi , guitar doctors .  rooms sparkle with silver wallpaper , free standing baths and champagne .  backers include iron maiden co-managers rod smallwood and andy taylo .
