 massive demand awaits friday 's iphone 5 sale <sec> iphone 5 pre-sales outstrip expectations .  apple has pushed back the shipping date on pre-orders three to four weeks .  analysts : 10 million iphone 5s could be sold by monda .
 opinion : no , the sun does not revolve around the earth <sec> sheril kirshenbaum : survey shows many in u.s. lack basic science knowledge .  she says smart people can get science questions wrong and other polls show better results .  but she says science illiteracy is a problem , and funding cuts , junk science have played role .  writer : science graduates must bring science back into society in interdisciplinary way .
 whatever happened to the conficker worm ? <sec> conficker , a feared computer worm , has n't caused much damage yet .  security experts disagree about whether conficker threat has passed .  worm made news because of an supposed april fool 's day attack .  some infected computers have received malicious anti-virus softwar .
 iran will do what it takes to fight isis <sec> mohamad bazzi says iran is free to exercise power in vacuum created by fall of saddam hussein .  he says iran is expanding its influence in iraq , partly to counter isi .
 woman whose fetus was stolen after stabbing released from hospital <sec> michelle wilkins , 26 , thought she was answering a craigslist ad for baby clothes .  instead , she was stabbed and her unborn child remove .
 chuck hagel is a friend to israel <sec> chuck hagel 's nomination has been criticized on issue of support for israel .  nebraska rabbi aryeh azriel says he 's long seen hagel 's backing for israel .  he says critics of hagel are grasping at straws to question his views .  azriel : critics are wrong to hurl charges of anti-semitism against hage .
 tottenham keeps champions league hopes alive after beating southampton <sec> tottenham keeps champions league hopes alive by beating southampton 3-2 .  tottenham rallies from 2-0 down at home and scores an injury-time winner .  spurs pull to within six points of fourth-place arsenal in the premier leagu .
 kidney donors begin 1st intercontinental organ exchange <sec> elizabeth gay , 31 , of oklahoma donates her kidney to a stranger in greece .  the stranger 's wife donates her kidney to someone in pennsylvania .  the greek embassy in washington announces the first intercontinental organ exchang .
 lawyer : soldier to plead guilty in killing of 16 afghan villagers <sec> shooting spree strained already tense u.s.-afghan relations .  army staff sgt . .  robert bales hopes to avoid the death penalty .  he is accused of killing 16 and wounding six afghans .  attorneys have said he suffers from post-traumatic stress disorde .
 south korean study may lead to higher autism estimates <sec> a new study estimates 1 in 38 south korean children has some form of autism .  the estimate is based on a new approach to autism research .  study authors call the findings `` surprising '' .  the study was published in the american journal of psychiatr .
 just how good is sebastian vettel ? <sec> sebastian vettel won his third consecutive formula one title on sunday at interlagos in brazil .  the 25-year-old becomes only third man to achieve the feat .  red bull driver now sits alongside legend ayrton senna on three title victories .  three world champions and former mclaren race-winner john watson assess vettel 's greatnes .
 a kiss , a rolls , a snake dancer : the middle east through its own lens <sec> arab image foundation has collected more than 300,000 photographs .  aim is to preserve archive of images of middle east by local photographers .  foundation funded mainly from u.s. and europe but is seeking regional backer .
 rediscovering love : my 6-year-old and her quadriplegic dad <sec> erin hayes ' husband broke his neck on december 21 , 2007 .  their daughter , isabel , was six months old .  isabel taught them how to be a family again , hayes writes .  got a parenting story to share ? .  send it to cnn irepor .
 d-day : exploding the myths of the normandy landings <sec> d-day signalled the start of the campaign which ended world war ii in europe .  many myths have subsequently developed about the events in normandy , says historian .  james holland says operation overlord was not just an american venture .  he also argues that german soldiers were not better trained than the allie .
 behind the scenes : poverty , gangs plague some l.a. students <sec> nearly 58 percent , or 6 out of 10 , jefferson high school students will drop out .  ana rosa gutierrez , 13 , does n't like school ; her brother quit to support the family .  some students must devise strategic routes through gang territory to get to school .  school holds parents accountable through city 's truancy , gang prevention progra .
 gadhafi clings to power amid growing support for protests <sec> new : u.s . .  ambassador to the united nations says gadhafi is `` slaughtering his own people '' .  gadhafi denies there have been protests and use of force .  u.s. secretary of state clinton : libyans have made clear gadhafi must go .  protesters in tripoli say they fear demonstrating will bring violenc .
 mark wahlberg asks massachusetts for pardon <sec> mark wahlberg served prison time for committing assault when he was 16 .  he 's asking for a pardon because he 's still affected by the convictions .  `` i have dedicated myself to becoming a better person , '' he say .
 federer closes on tilden 's u.s. open record <sec> roger federer seeking to match the six straight u.s. open wins of bill tilden .  tilden dominated tennis in the 1920s , winning 10 grand slam titles .  the american legend served two prison sentences on morals charges in the 1940s .  tilden was shunned by the tennis comminty and died at the age of 6 .
 start gets initial approval in russia <sec> new : lavrov criticizes a senate resolution meant to protect u.s. missile defense plans .  the lower house of the russian parliament has approved start .  the treaty , between the u.s. and russia , would reduce nuclear weapons .  the u.s. senate approved the treaty this wee .
 america flunks its health exam <sec> aaron carroll : new study shows u.s. health and lifespan worst of 17 rich countries .  he says it 's because of personal choices , systemic woes . .  poverty high , health care uneven .  he says this particularly affects youth , plagued by sickness , violence , high mortality .  carroll : do n't make it political . .  the richest country in the world must improve public healt .
 pirates seize north korean-flagged ship off somalia <sec> north korean-flagged cargo ship seized in gulf of aden .  attack comes two days after pirates released a greek-owned vessel .  coast off somalia has become a hub for piracy .  greek ship 's owner said it paid ransom for crew 's releas .
 reforming china 's controversial labor camps <sec> china has hinted it 's rethinking its system of `` re-education through labor '' .  in 2009 , around 190,000 chinese were locked up in 320 centers , according to a unhrc report .  system dates back to the 1950s when communist regime swept up `` counter-revolutionaries '' .  accused offenders can be jailed for up to four years without a judicial hearin .
 webb simpson wins u.s. open <sec> webb simpson had never won a major championship before sunday .  jim furyk and graeme mcdowell both had chances to tie him on the last hole .  tiger woods continued to fade sunday , finishing in tie for 21s .
 tsa expedites screening for 'wounded warriors ' <sec> the new tsa program comes in the wake of an incident involving a marine .  airport screeners in phoenix reportedly made the marine remove his prosthetic legs .  the tsa disputes details of that incident , but announces a new program for `` wounded warriors '' .  the program will expedite screenings for active-duty and inactive `` wounded warriors .
 blitzer : will obama follow clinton 's 1994 playbook ? <sec> wolf blitzer attended clinton 's 1994 news conference after democrats lost congress .  similarities between clinton 's situation and obama 's are striking , blitzer writes .  obama faces a choice : `` triangulate '' like clinton or forge your own path , blitzer write .
 democrats raise pressure on gop for a spending cut compromise <sec> president obama calls upcoming forced spending cuts the `` wrong prescription '' .  a gop cabinet member urges fellow republicans to join the debate .  republican sen. rand paul calls forced spending cuts `` the least we can do '' .  without a deal , the cuts begin taking effect on march .
 in jerusalem , the 'auto intifada ' is no uprising <sec> palestinian motorists have targeted civilians in jerusalem .  israeli official : 'there is no iron dome against drivers ' .  hamas backs such tactics .  attacks come amid little movement on peace solution .
 killing the market for stolen cell phones <sec> u.s. wireless carriers implement a national strategy to deter cell phone theft .  a joint `` blacklist '' database will contain info about cell phones reported lost or stolen .  expert : `` if you ca n't reactivate a stolen phone , it 's just a worthless hunk of plastic and metal .
 world war ii novel wins pulitzer prize <sec> anthony doerr 's `` all the light we can not see '' wins pulitzer for fiction .  elizabeth kolbert 's `` the sixth extinction '' wins general nonfiction priz .
 'axis of evil ' inspires laughs <sec> `` axis of evil '' comics joke about mideast stereotypes .  more than 200,000 have viewed their videos on youtube .  one member has same name as terrorist on fbi lis .
 asbestos cleanup 'emergency ' declared in montana town <sec> environmental protection agency declares health emergency in libby , montana .  asbestos contamination in the town blamed for 200 deaths , officials say .  move will offer more aid to town ; cleanup been going on for 10 years .  mine operator has been acquitted of criminal charges ; has paid millions for cleanu .
 ezra miller : 5 things to know about the new 'flash ' <sec> miller told out magazine he is queer .  he will star in the dc comics film `` the flash '' .  miller has had trouble with the la .
 gallup poll : 'pro-choice ' at a record low <sec> 41 % of americans say they 're `` pro-choice , '' the lowest number in gallup poll history .  most polled say abortion should be legal only under certain circumstances .  20 % said it should be illegal in all cases ; 25 % said it should be legal in all circumstances .  advocates on both sides of the issue take heart in the finding .
 space shuttle endeavour rolls into new home as crowds cheer <sec> new : endeavour reaches its new home at the california science center .  new : los angeles mayor villaraigosa declares `` mission accomplished '' .  obstacles like light poles and trees delayed the shuttle 's trip through l.a . .  endeavour will go on public display later this mont .
 liu claims hurdles gold as china beats asian games medals record <sec> liu xiang wins third successive gold at asian games , setting another record time .  hurdler 's gold helps china beat games record total medals with three days to go .  it has 352 overall -- 171 of them gold -- to surpass the mark it set in beijing in 1990 .  second competitor from uzbekistan tests positive for a banned stimulan .
 bush sees 3-way fight against pkk <sec> bush : u.s. , turkey and iraq must unite against pkk kurdish separatists .  iraqi kurds are critical of both pkk and air attacks against them .  turkey bombed alleged pkk sites in northern iraq over the weekend .  pkk has spent 20 years fighting for autonomy in turkey ; uses iraq as a bas .
 travel , order , eat : 15 best dishes abroad <sec> anthony bourdain 's new cnn show `` parts unknown '' inspires others to share dishes from their travels .  ireporters show how to fill your plate with tasty food finds from all four corners of the world .  some of the best travel dishes featured come from destinations like vietnam , peru and ukraine .  expert says people photograph their food as a keepsake , especially when travelin .
 north korea fires more projectiles into sea off its coast , south says <sec> north korea says the launches are a `` regular military exercise '' .  north korea has fired six projectiles into the sea over the past three days , seoul says .  the south says they could be short-range missiles or large-scale artillery .  the north last week criticized the presence of a u.s. aircraft carrier in the regio .
 schumer : do n't blame me for indymac failure <sec> fdic taking control of the $ 32 billion indymac .  ots accuses sen. charles schumer of sparking a bank run .  schumer : indymac `` one of the most poorly run and reckless of all the banks '' .  schumer rejects any suggestions of responsibility for indymac 's collaps .
 s. korean city to host 2018 winter olympics <sec> pyeongchang has been chosen as the host for the 2018 winter olympics .  the south korean city was chosen ahead of munich in germany and annecy in france .  pyeongchang narrowly failed in bids to host the winter games in 2010 and 201 .
 ex-famu football player 's family files suit in fatal police shooting <sec> new : ferrell 's mother : `` i hope and pray '' lawsuit will prompt training changes for police .  24-year-old suffered `` excruciating '' pain after being shot 10 times , lawsuit says .  police fatally shot jonathan ferrell after woman called 911 to report home invasion .  ferrell had been involved in a serious wreck a block away and was seeking help , attorney say .
 pop singer alejandro sanz marries raquel perera <sec> alejandro sanz and raquel perera marry in barcelona .  the newlyweds baptize their son , dylan , days later .  sanz was born in madrid and raised in the country 's southern andalusia region .  sanz 's popular music is inspired by spain 's flamenco traditio .
 college president named palestinian pm <sec> longtime west bank university president chosen to form new government .  rami hamdallah replaces salaam fayyad , who led caretaker government .  he did post-graduate work at universities in britain .  he is the top official on the elections commissio .
 stop those boneheaded facebook comments <sec> swearing or making mention of a friend 's questionable behavior on his or her wall is unclassy .  do n't blow a friend 's major announcement by putting it on facebook before they do .  `` liking '' a friend 's sob story could make you look like a jerk , even if you 're kiddin .
 how to prepare for a summer music festival <sec> when choosing a music festival , think about if you 're willing to camp overnight or stay in a hotel .  bonnaroo and coachella is about pitching your tent and camping out for the weekend .  security will likely confiscate prohibited items like drugs and alcohol , so do n't bring them .  tip : plan a few intervals of rest , and do n't run ragged trying to see every ban .
 rand paul plants feet between both sides of foreign policy debate <sec> rand paul hits back at critics with a big foreign policy speech . .  paul outlines when he thinks the u.s. should use force in foreign entanglements .  the kentucky republican is considered to be shaping a potential 2016 presidential ru .
 roman skulls unearthed deep beneath london <sec> construction workers digging a tunnel in london have found about 20 roman-era skulls .  the workers were digging a tunnel for the crossrail rail project spanning the city .  archaeologists believe the skulls were washed down stream from an old burial ground .  more than 10,000 archaeological items have been found since the project began in 200 .
 # oscars2015 had the funniest memes <sec> celebs at the oscars made for great memes .  lady gaga 's gloves were mocked .  john travolta was all over i .
 ukraine opinion : fog lifts , shows putin 's russia at war <sec> the u.s. this week said russian forces were `` directly involved '' in fighting in ukraine .  ulrich speck writes that this moves the eastern ukraine conflict from a proxy war to war .  it also likely ends berlin 's attempts to use diplomatic means to prevent the worst , he says .  speck says russia and europe are now heading towards a much less cordial relationshi .
 judge approves medical claims settlement in bp oil spill <sec> the settlement covers clean-up workers and residents within the spill zone .  bp says it is `` pleased '' with the settlement .  the oil spill , the worst in u.s. history , occurred in 201 .
 chopra : attack prompts tough questions <sec> `` this is a global problem , '' author deepak chopra says .  barack obama must use chance to get muslims ' help , he says .  officials must not go after the wrong people , chopra say .
 hong kong student leaders arrested in mong kok <sec> hong kong student protest leaders joshua wong and lester shum arrested .  hong kong police : 116 people had been arrested during confrontation in mong kok .  clashes erupted after bailiffs initiated a court-ordered clearance of a street .  authorities cleared a nearby street of protesters ' barricades and tents wednesda .
 yazidi refugees braced for life in exile <sec> kurdish photographer warzer jaff spends week documenting yazidi kurds .  isis has hounded yazidis from their ancient homeland in northern iraq .  tens of thousands of families have sought shelter in iraqi kurdistan .  each refugee shares horrifying stories of abduction and murde .
 source : jackson 's doctor gave drug authorities believe killed him <sec> murray allegedly gave jackson propofol in 24 hours before death , source says .  source close to family says doctor administered drug believed to have killed singer .  dr. conrad murray was with michael jackson on day that he died .  police have interviewed murray twice since jackson 's deat .
 ceelo green leaving 'the voice ' <sec> green tells ellen degeneres he is leaving `` the voice '' .  he and lionel richie are working together .  in october , he pleaded not guilty to a drug charg .
 what tsarnaev deserves <sec> dan kennedy : after boston marathon bombing guilty verdict , now real trial -- the sentencing -- can begin . .  what justice should tsarnaev get ? .  he says a plea might have been better , to keep bomber out of the news and let him fade into obscurity in maximum security cell .  kennedy : the people who deserve to be remembered are victims and mit officer who was kille .
 scuffles between libyan guards , ugandan security mar au summit <sec> scuffles have broken out twice between moammar gadhafi 's guards , security .  ugandan official says libyans have `` lack of respect '' for hosts .  journalist saw `` irritated '' gadhafi slap his own personne .
 drug-resistant 'superbugs ' : cdc sets threat levels for bacteria <sec> more than 2 million people get antibiotic-resistant infections each year .  cdc is ranking the worst bacteria based on number of hospitalizations and deaths .  drug-resistant 'superbugs ' include cre bacteria , c-diff and neisseria gonorrhoea .
 'the view ' co-hosts swap weight-loss stories <sec> two of `` the view 's '' co-hosts share their weight-loss stories .  rosie o'donnell has lost more than 50 pounds through surgery .  whoopi goldberg has lost 35 pounds .  `` the view '' premiered its new season monda .
 argentina debt repayment order frozen <sec> president fernández has said argentina would keep paying `` as befits a country which has recovered its self-esteem '' .  new york judge has ordered argentina to make the escrow payment as it is due to pay over $ 3bn in restructured deb .
 affidavit : suspect 's wife at party the night of marine 's death <sec> new : woman says husband did n't show up at a party on suspected date of killing .  new : dna testing under way to see if cesar laurean fathered the victim 's child .  accused marine and his wife spoke to lawyer after pregnant marine slain .  marine fled the next day , is believed to have headed to native mexic .
 commentary : is the american dream dead ? <sec> jack cafferty : people are losing faith in their ability to achieve american dream .  he says poll found fewer are very confident they 'll maintain quality of life .  americans worried about paying off loans and sending children to college , he says .  cafferty : idea that next generation would have a better life is now at ris .
 opium production down in afghanistan , u.n. says <sec> a plant infection blamed for large drop in production , according to the u.n . .  helmand and kandahar provinces were hit `` particularly hard . '' .  2010 production down 48 percent on 2009 figures .  afghanistan produces 92 percent of world opium , according to u.n. repor .
 ebola : your most pressing questions answered <sec> the ebola virus kills up to 90 % of people who catch it , according to medecins sans frontieres .  how is it transmitted ? .  is there any treatment ? .  can we protect ourselves ? .  we address some of your most frequently asked questions about the diseas .
