 versatile tv , screen actress elizabeth peña dies at 55 <sec> `` i am stunned and heartbroken , '' tweets actor lou diamond phillips .  elizabeth peña died tuesday of natural causes after a brief illness , her manager says .  she recently appeared mother of gloria ( sofia vergara ) in `` modern family '' .  sh .
 somalia : u.n. workers among dead in al-shabaab bombing <sec> the bombing is `` an attack against the future of our country , '' somalia 's president says .  unicef says the staff members ' vehicle was hit by an explosion on its way to their office .  four wounded staff members are in serious condition , the agency say .
 10 fashionable tv shows <sec> fall tv season gives us a glimpse of new stars and their fashion .  instyle.com has rounded up some of the most fashionable shows ever on television .  from `` the flintstones '' to the `` charlies angels '' reboot , these characters have styl .
 n. korea warns of new attacks , s. korea to boost rules of engagement <sec> n. korea says `` reckless military provocation '' will bring new attacks .  s. korea says marine forces based in five islands will be reinforced .  the islands are near the north korea maritime borde .
 sweety high empowers young girls online <sec> sweety high is a social gaming site for tween and teen girls between ages 8 and 16 .  the site encourages and rewards girls for their positivity and creativity .  users can post videos , writing , artwork and photos to win prize .
 actor henry gibson dead at 73 , spokesman says <sec> gibson was known to `` laugh-in '' audiences for reading short , funny poems .  he was in two robert altman films and recently played judge on `` boston legal '' .  no details of his death were immediately availabl .
 violence erupts as egyptians vote on new constitution <sec> eleven deaths reported on election day in egypt , 2 attributed to natural causes .  egyptians are voting on a draft constitution that would ban religious parties .  the constitution would also put more power in the hands of the military .  hundreds have died amid political turmoil in egypt over the past three year .
 california lawmakers advance nation 's first law for transgender pupils <sec> transgender students would choose which bathroom to use and team to join .  the proposal awaits the signature of gov . .  jerry brown .  the law would be the nation 's first , though some states have policies to same effect .  a 16-year-old transgender boy wants to attend p.e . .  for boys and play footbal .
 9 kentucky family members killed in fire <sec> new : fire at rural kentucky home kills mother , eight children .  new : child , 11 , and father , 36 , taken to hospital , listed in stable condition .  new : investigators rule the fire was accidental , apparently started by heate .
 here they are -- the top 10 political turkeys of 2008 <sec> cnn 's bill schneider names the top 10 political turkeys for 2008 .  turkey no . .  10 : former new york mayor makes miscalculation in flamingo country .  turkey no . .  7 : no forgiveness for this north carolina senator when her ad runs afoul .  turkey no . .  5 : these big three motor city turkeys fly -- straight into troubl .
 fabregas expected to join barcelona early next week <sec> cesc fabregas is expected to complete his transfer to barcelona next week .  the $ 57m move will end one of the longest transfer sagas in recent years .  rumors are rife that samir nasir will also leave arsenal for manchester cit .
 mckinney held in israel , to be returned to u.s . <sec> ex-u.s. rep. cynthia mckinney is in israeli detention center , u.s. embassy says .  mckinney will be returned to u.s. in three days , embassy says .  boat with mckinney enters gazan waters , violates blockade , israel says .  human rights group says ship was carrying humanitarian aid to gaz .
 the 20 most entertaining super bowl tweets <sec> social media age means anyone can make catty comments about the super bowl .  here are 20 of our favorites about the game , the commercials and madonna .  among the funniest are actor/comedians patton oswalt , steve martin and rainn wilso .
 geoff johns , comic book superstar <sec> geoff johns is one of the most influential figures in comics today .  fans feel a connection to his work : `` there is a sense that he is 'one of us ' `` .  johns is writing `` flashpoint , '' a new miniseries that launches wednesday .  johns : i wanted to explore `` speed and time and altering perceptions .
 hitmen 's bloody reign all about logic , trafficker says <sec> `` los zetas '' gang of hitmen and ex-cops run rackets from u.s. border across mexico .  reporter lasts just 20 minutes in town before message became clear : leave now .  drug dealers reveal the rules of the cartel killers and how officials are also profitin .
 obama : extend unemployment insurance <sec> last week congress failed to continue a law providing nearly a year of unemployment benefits .  that law was passed in 2008 when recession was at its worst .  democrats says benefits sustain economic recovery , offer a lifeline to those looking for jobs .  republicans counter the benefits are an economic drain and a disincentive to looking for wor .
 allied irish banks hit by $ 81m loans scam <sec> british authorities probing alleged $ 81 million fraud involving irish bank .  they say more firms are likely to have been deceived by scam .  it involved manipulation of leases on properties in the u .
 belgium 's lower house votes to ban burqa <sec> ban must pass upper house to become law .  lawmakers are motivated both by morality and security , saying faces should be shown .  legislators dispute that islam requires women to wear burqas or niqab .
 the real reason ferguson has military weapons ( opinion ) <sec> kara dansky : the militarization of policing has become commonplace across america .  dansky : that police departments receive surplus military weapons is not whole story .  she says the federal government has been trying to fight the failed war on drugs .  dansky : this deliberate strategy negatively impact communities of color the mos .
 obama to discuss plan for closing guantanamo bay prison <sec> white house says obama is not going to make any decision that imperils safety .  senate votes 90-6 on a measure to prevent gitmo detainees from going to the u.s . .  a similar amendment has already passed the house .  obama announced that he would close the prison by january 22 , 201 .
 death toll rises in the philippines from typhoon megi <sec> new : megi could bring more rain to already-drenched hainan and vietnam .  11 people are dead from megi 's wrath in the philippines .  the typhoon is over the south china se .
 official : soldier said he wanted to attack fort hood troops <sec> new : `` he 's a very dangerous individual , '' police chief says .  a gun store employee says red flags went up .  a defense department official says the suspect had enough materials for two bombs .  a lawmaker says another fort hood attack was averte .
 details of crash that killed cuban dissident disputed <sec> a white house statement honors cuban dissident oswaldo paya sardinas .  paya died in a car crash in eastern cuba .  his daughter says the family believes the car was forced off the road .  another cuban also died in the crash , while a swede and a spaniard were injure .
 bermuda should have 'consulted ' uk on uyghurs , official says <sec> four uyghurs free to roam about bermuda but do n't have passports to leave .  briton : `` we feel we should have been consulted '' before deal with `` overseas territory '' .  u.s. state department official : `` i do n't think we bypassed anyone '' .  u.s. transfers five others from guantanamo bay , cuba , back to home countrie .
 drug cartels : bogeymen in arizona law <sec> ruben navarrette : arizonans upset about drug violence , government 's inaction .  defenders say law helps fight drug violence , he says , but crime down in phoenix .  governor said most illegals used as drug mules , he says , which is untrue .  navarrette says scare tactics used to justify bias against ethnicity , fear of chang .
 california gop official apologizes for obama chimpanzee e-mail <sec> marilyn davenport apologizes once again for forwarding e-mail .  the e-mail contained a doctored photo of a chimpanzee with obama 's face on it .  davenport insists she is not racist and that she thought the e-mail was `` political satire '' .  davenport says she was focused on concerns about where the president was bor .
 why the tension between israel and turkey has escalated <sec> un report found israeli blockade of gaza `` legitimate '' but was critical of `` excessive force '' .  fadi hakura says bilateral relations suffered as a result of military action in gaza .  he believes the turkish prime minister 's popularity partly stems from his stance on israel .  hakura says if the u.s. manages the situation , then regional implications can be containe .
 museum is home for a month for chicago woman <sec> kate mcgroarty won a promotion contest to spend a month in a museum .  she 's in her second week at the chicago museum of science and industry .  mcgroarty has developed a fan following on twitter and among visitors to the museum .  `` i 've always loved this museum , and i 've always loved adventure , '' she say .
 drone kills 12 militants in pakistan 's tribal region , officials say <sec> new : suspected u.s. drone kills 12 militants in pakistan 's tribal region .  the target was a militant hideout in north waziristan , officials sa .
 power : study liberal arts -- and gain power <sec> some reports say that a liberal arts education in the u.s. is losing luster .  eric liu : kids are missing out on a golden pathway to power , purpose .  he says the rush to `` practical '' majors stem from anxiety about falling behind .  liu : just look at steve jobs , who valued humanities and creativity over codin .
 commentary : what wall street owes you <sec> tavakoli : goldman sachs reported record second-quarter profits .  she says goldman and wall street helped bring down the u.s. economy .  goldman reaped huge profit enabled by help it got in federal bailout , she says .  tavakoli : taxpayers deserve a large share of what goldman mad .
 normality resumes : curfews lifted in three thai hot spots <sec> nation-wide curfew lifted in pattaya , ko samui and phuket .  tourists advised to follow news reports as sporadic anti-coup demonstrations have occurred .  u.s. state department advises against non-essential travel to thailan .
 understanding china 's youth through social media <sec> yang lan is a television star and media entrepreneur in china .  her career got started when she competed in audition with a thousand other college women .  she says today 's young generation in china faces economic , social obstacles .  she says china 's youth will transform the country and be transformed themselve .
 stunning picture of morgan freeman is actually ipad painting <sec> digital artist kyle lambert creates photo-realistic paintings on ipad .  picture of morgan freeman took 200 hours and 285,000 brush strokes .  the painting received 1 million views in its first 12 hours onlin .
 iraqi prime minister : iraq will not be used to 'damage ' iran <sec> iraq 's prime minister in iran trying to calm fears over any u.s.-iraq security pact .  nuri al-maliki visiting tehran , where he is meeting with top officials .  al-maliki says iraq will not be used as a launching pad for u.s. attacks on ira .
 serb cousins guilty of burning muslims alive <sec> u.n. tribunal convicts serb cousins of burning alive more than 100 muslims .  milan lukic , sredoje lukic convicted of crimes dating back to the early 1990s .  muslim men , women and children forced into homes that were then set on fir .
 ancient egyptian mummies given new lease of life <sec> ancient egyptian mummies kept in storage for years are now on display at oxford 's ashmolean museum .  the mummies and artifacts received careful conservation work as part of the museum 's redevelopment plan .  exhibition highlights include ct scan of almost 3,000-year-old mummy and freestanding pharaonic monument .  the museum 's ancient egyptian and nubian collection is considered one of the strongest in the worl .
 giant new species of jellyfish hits australia beach <sec> 5-foot-diameter jellyfish found on tasmania .  scientist is trying to set name for the creature .  new jellyfish is believed to be related to others in the area , scientist says .  jellyfish numbers swelling off tasmani .
 suspected militant returning from war in syria arrested in spain <sec> suspect is a spanish national .  the suspect is tied to an al qaeda-linked group .  the arrest took place at malaga airport .  sadik mohamed will be arraigned at the national court in madrid .
 china 's love of soccer gambling skews sector <sec> illicit soccer gambling in china is endemic and worth billions of yuan .  europol says five-country probe has identified 380 suspicious matches .  internet and millions of chinese betters has influenced match-fixing , analysts say .  singapore has been idenitifed as base for illegal soccer bettin .
 california woman , 50 , who disappeared mysteriously confirmed dead <sec> sandra coke , 50 , was reported missing by her family on august 4 .  she 'd told her daughter she was going to a drugstore , never returned .  her remains were found last week in solano county , california , police say .  she was `` a shining light in our family , '' the coke family say .
 five key points from obama 's news conference in berlin <sec> obama , after talking to merkel about u.s. surveillance , says he 'll try to declassify more info .  on afghanistan canceling talks with u.s. , obama says friction not surprising .  he expresses hope that `` despite those challenges the process will proceed '' .  obama also discusses differences with russia on syri .
 cancer risk drops for vegetarians eating fish <sec> a new study shows a 43 % lower risk of contracting colorectal cancer with a pesco-vegetarian diet .  colorectal cancers are the third most diagnosed cancers in the u.s . .  plant-based diets may also contribute to greater weight loss and lower blood pressur .
 border cops claim bird-brain stuffed live pigeons in tights <sec> customs officers stopped 23-year-old man as he returned from dubai .  photographs show live birds were rolled in newspaper and polythene .  maximum penalty for wildlife smuggling is 10 years jail and/or $ 70,000 fin .
 iranians protest anti-islam video <sec> rallies against film are planned for friday , iran media say .  ayatollah khamenei , iran 's supreme leader , says u.s. should go after those behind film .  iranian college students protest in tehra .
 serena to face radwanska in wimbledon final after azarenka victory <sec> serena williams will face agnieszka radwanska in the wimbledon singles final .  williams beats no . .  2 seed victoria azarenka from belarus 6-3 7-6 to book her place .  radwanska reaches first ever grand slam final by beating angelique kerber .  polish no . .  3 seed triumphs 6-3 6-4 and now faces four-time wimbledon champio .
 g-20 : where geopolitics trump economics <sec> the g20 is being held in st petersburg , but focus will be on tensions between vladimir putin and barack obama .  discussions are meant to be around economics , but will be overshadowed by syria .  emerging markets have been suffering as demand for commodities drop , and currencies have collapsed .  john defterios writes the g20 has become an unwieldy group of countries with different prioritie .
 remembering forgotten veterans of world war i <sec> as time passes , the stories of many world war i veterans have become lost .  gary foster shares the experience of his grandfather , a world war i bugler .  the american legion and the war letters project allow these stories to be share .
 obstacles ahead for obama 's gay rights goals <sec> some democrats cautious about obama 's pledge to end defense of marriage act .  some say they think he 'll succeed in ending military 's `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' policy .  others debate whether military `` buy-in '' is necessary to end that policy .  thousands of gay and lesbian rights supporters hold rally in washington on sunda .
 what 's better than a grammy ? immortality <sec> bob greene : grammy nominated acts should remember the real prize comes later in life .  he says at a hotel he ran into a group of singing stars from an earlier era , in town for a show .  he says the world of post-fame touring less glamorous for acts , but meaningful .  greene : acts grow old , but their hits never will and to fans , the songs are time-machin .
 cnn student news transcript : may 21 , 2010 <sec> find out why officials are hoping for good things from special 'mud ' .  journey into an area that 's been called the scariest place on earth .  meet the mascot of the 2012 olympics , and hear what inspired its design .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 web cult blamed for seven suicides <sec> 17-year-old girl is seventh person to kill themselves in welsh town of bridgend .  natasha randall , found hanged in her bedroom , knew another suicide victim .  deaths have raised fears of a web death cult , linked via social networking site bebo .  police are examining randall 's computer as part of inquiries into her deat .
 queen of panto : photos show elizabeth ii as cross-dressing stage star <sec> photos of teenage princesses elizabeth and margaret acting in plays to be auctioned .  britain 's future queen starred in a series of pantomimes at windsor castle in 1940s .  photos belonged to headmaster of windsor school and a co-star of the royal sister .
 video shows woman climbing onto ahmadinejad 's car <sec> a youtube video of the incident has received more than 100,000 views .  a man was yelling to iran 's president , `` i 'm hungry ! '' .  it 's unclear what the woman on the car said .  mahmoud ahmadinejad 's official website shows throngs of cheering supporter .
 world cup 2014 : chilean fans 'invade ' maracana stadium <sec> chilean fans try to storm maracana stadium ahead of game against spain .  fifa say 85 intruders detained by miltiary police .  argentina fans invaded maracana on sunday .  maracana stadium will host the world cup final on july 1 .
 top 10 streaks : from extreme heat to the hot 100 <sec> the miami heat have won 27 straight games and are aiming for an nba record 33 .  this is one of many streaks , in all different fields , that have made history .  jahangir khan won 555 straight squash matches ; susan lucci lost 18 emmys before winning .  from dimaggio to `` american idol '' to australia 's economy , there 's no end to streak .
 commentary : obama as teacher-in-chief <sec> rudy ruiz : after clinton , bush years , presidents are n't viewed as role models .  he says he drew inspiration from the lives of american presidents .  he says obama and others show the power of education to improve society .  he says letting students hear obama 's speech can give them a positive messag .
 google : sting proves bing copied search results <sec> the search giant set up random results for odd searches to catch its rival .  google 's results started showing up on bing `` within weeks , '' it says .  bing does n't deny using google results but suggests they are one factor among many .  bing is `` recycling , '' google says ; bing shoots back that google ran a `` stunt .
 syrians try to clear antipersonnel mines near turkish border <sec> syria began mining its border with turkey a few months ago , hajisa says .  mazen hajisa says it 's his duty to help refugees flee the syrian regime .  rami bakour 's foot was blown off by a mine explosio .
 six odd and crazy technologies at ces <sec> new technology is previewed ahead of the consumer electronics show in las vegas .  fun-sized drones and smartphone-controlled racing robots are popular .  tiny sensors can be used to track fitness , sleep , air quality , uv rays and car key locatio .
 kim warns troops to prepare for 'sacred war ' during us-south korea exercises <sec> kim jong un visited troops who participated in the shelling of yeonpyeong , state media reports .  kim told his troops to be vigilant during upcoming u.s.-south korean war games .  the united states and south korea are set to begin training exercises on monda .
 no . 1 djokovic retains abu dhabi title <sec> world no . .  1 novak djokovic beats nicolas almagro in final of abu dhabi exhibition .  he will now head to perth to play in hopman cup with fellow serbian ana ivanovic .  mixed teams event began on saturday , with australia and south africa winning .  germany 's andrea petkovic in doubt for australian open after suffering knee injur .
 teen begins ascent of mount everest <sec> 13-year-old californian aims to become youngest to climb world 's highest mountain .  `` it 's both physically and technically hard , '' he says .  but he is learning a lot about culture and people of china , nepa .
 celine dion pregnant with twins <sec> celine dion learns twins ' gender in june .  pregnancy is result of sixth in-vitro fertilization attempt .  acupuncture was used to bolster pregnancy chance .
