 sharapova injury hits her preparations for u.s. open <sec> maria shapapova pulls out of wta tournament in toronto .  hip injury leaves her short of match practice ahead of u.s. open .  mikhail youzhny wins gstaad tournament in switzerland .  tommy robredo sees off fabio fognini in croatian fina .
 arrest after drone spotted in u.s. open venue <sec> daniel feighery , 36 , is arrested for flying a drone over the u.s. open .  feighery was picked up 50 yards outside u.s. open grounds .  police also seized his drone .  the fly-by is the latest in a string of recent drone incident .
 airline complaint takes flight with richard branson 's help <sec> the letter to liat airlines was published in april .  virgin group boss richard branson shares it with a new audience .  virgin airlines received a similar letter in 2008 , taking branson to task .  branson says companies need to focus on customer servic .
 strong storms advance on south , midwest <sec> new : power knocked out , restored in parts of memphis , tennessee .  storms that struck texas , st. louis are moving east .  there 's a strong chance of rain in cleveland , birmingham and atlanta .  twisters caused damage thursday , but no deaths have been reporte .
 grandson of zimbabwe 's prime minister drowns <sec> sean tsvangirai , 2 , found drowned in a swimming pool saturday afternoon .  prime minister morgan tsvangirai 's wife died in car crash about 1 month ago .  when sean died , the prime minister was at a government retrea .
 happy 75th birthday , chuck norris ! <sec> tuesday is chuck norris ' 75th birthday .  the actor and martial arts master is now known as subject of tough-guy one-liner .
 sweden 's icehotel the ultimate place to chill <sec> the icehotel started out in 1990 as nothing more than a crude igloo .  now guests can stay in elaborate suites handcrafted in ice by artists .  bathrooms are located in a heated chale .
 number of 'dropout factory ' high schools in the u.s. drops , report says <sec> `` dropout factory '' high schools fail to graduate 60 % of students who enter as freshmen .  between 2009 and 2010 , the number of such schools fell by 84 , a report says .  the grad nation campaign wants to boost u.s. high school graduation rate .
 auctions celebrate art of the islamic world <sec> london 's auction houses hosted a week of sales dedicated to art of the islamic world .  paintings , pottery , sculpture , carpets and coins went under the hammer .  experts say market for art showing arab world has grown substantially over past decad .
 boehner signs up for obamacare , with government support <sec> house speaker john boehner enrolled online in the d.c. obamacare exchange last week .  the experience was `` pretty frustrating , '' the top house republican said .  boehner 's premiums under obamacare will nearly double from his current plan .  but he gets some help from the government in covering his new cost .
 admission questions to oxford , cambridge called 'out there ' <sec> oxford asks prospective students : `` would you rather be a novel or a poem ? '' .  cambridge asks applicants : `` what would you do if you were a magpie ? '' .  administrators at prestigious schools say object is to get students to think .  observer on the street describes questions as `` totally out there really .
 florida puppeteer accused in child porn case <sec> new : a facebook page mentions a christian puppet show , mentoring a boy .  he faces charges of conspiring to kidnap a child .  ronald william brown is also accused of possessing child pornography .  the 57-year-old tells investigators he `` would never hurt anyone .
 imprisoned pussy riot band members released <sec> nadezhda tolokonnikova says she believes her release is pre-olympics publicity stunt .  tolokonnikova and maria alyokhina , jailed for performance critical of putin , released .  tolokonnikova 's husband says they have only been spared a small part of their sentence .  last week , russian lawmakers backed a sweeping amnesty la .
 letterman 's retiring : kimmel , ellen and more react <sec> with david letterman 's retirement news have come celebrity well wishes .  from the president to jimmy kimmel , several stars have commended the `` late show '' host .  seth meyers : `` if it was n't for david letterman , i would n't be here '' .  the conversation has also turned to who could possibly replace hi .
 olympic officials strip american cyclist of gold medal <sec> ioc : tyler hamilton admitted to using performance-enhancing drugs before the 2004 games .  the ioc says riders who finished behind hamilton in athens will now be moved up .  hamilton has accused lance armstrong of doping ; armstrong strongly denied the allegation .
 unesco adds 19 new sites to world heritage list <sec> unesco committee gives 19 sites world heritage status .  japan 's mount fuji , north korea 's kaeson fortress added to list .  first inscriptions for fiji , qata .
 ice dancing team hopes to build winter legacy for israel <sec> brother and sister team is representing israel in ice dancing .  roman and alexandra zaretsky hope to inspire kids in israel to take up the sport .  born in belarus , they moved to israel , but came to u.s. for better training facilities .  they were 22nd at the 2006 games but feel they can do better in vancouve .
 rafael nadal survives scare against andy murray in rome <sec> defending champion rafael nadal wins through to semifinals of rome masters .  spaniard battles back to stay unbeaten on clay against britain 's andy murray .  second-ranked novak djokovic also through to saturday 's last-four matches .  women 's no . .  1 serena williams progresses but second-ranked li na lose .
 their hands are worth $ 1,200 a day <sec> hand models can make anywhere from $ 300 a day to thousands of dollars per hour .  breaking into the industry can be just as difficult as entering other segments .  `` twilight '' hand model kimbra hickey went from anonymous parts model to celebrity .  few become rich or famous , so for those interested in pursuing , keep a day jo .
 cnn student news transcript : february 16 , 2010 <sec> survey the largest military operation that afghanistan has seen in years .  take a look at some of the international challenges facing president obama .  get a glimpse of the roaring celebrations ringing in the chinese new year .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 investigation begun in georgia high school football brawl <sec> david daniel , coach of the visiting team , suffered severe facial injuries in the fight .  the fight broke out friday night after warren county defeated hancock central .  `` all of warrenton is just real upset , '' the warren county superintendent say .
 papa john 's ceo apologizes to florida customer for employee 's rant <sec> papa john 's john schnatter apologizes for employee 's language .  a customer posted a youtube video of a racist rant by a pizza delivery man .  the delivery man accidentally dialed the customer and left the message .  two employees have been terminated , schnatter say .
 n.c. teen 's death a lynching , mother says <sec> fbi is looking into the death of lennon lacy , 17 , and the investigations that followed .  lacy was found hanging from a tree after he went for a walk on a summer night .  his mother says he did not commit suicid .
 u.s. endorses plan to disable north korea 's nuclear facilities <sec> new : ap says u.s. endorses plan to dismantle north korea 's nuclear plants .  n. korean leader kim jong il greets s. korean president roh moo-hyun .  meeting between leaders is second such meeting on korean peninsula .  summit is expected to address military tensions , sea border disput .
 5 convicted in 'liberty city ' terror trial <sec> men accused of plotting terrorist acts with al qaeda .  this is the third trial in `` liberty city 7 '' terrorism case .  two juries in florida deadlocked in high-profile terrorism case .  sticking point for previous juries : whether defendants were seriously plottin .
 suspect denies starting chilean wildfire <sec> `` things rolled out the wrong way through mistranslation , '' rotem zinger tells israeli radio .  the 23-year-old is accused of sparking a 31,000-acre wildfire in a chilean national park .  a prosecutor says the suspect could face a fine and prison time .  authorities have said they do n't know when the fire will be under contro .
 hodor and bran wo n't be in 'game of thrones ' season 5 <sec> the characters hodor and bran stark are n't expected to appear next season .  actor kristian nairn says they have a season off .  `` game of thrones '' just began filming its fifth season in europ .
 tackling the <sec> two professional climbers are tackling el capitan 's biggest challenge .  the dawn wall is a sheer cliff face in yosemite national park .  they are only using their hands and feet to climb upward .
 deputies search justin bieber 's house in egg-throwing probe <sec> rapper lil za identified as man arrested on drug charge during bieber search .  bieber 's home has `` extensive '' video system to record everything that happens , police say .  detectives estimate egg damage to neighbor 's home about $ 20,000 .  deputies have investigated previous bieber run-ins with neighbors , but no charges file .
 the legend of johnny football grows beyond aggieland <sec> roland martin : texas a & m qb johnny manziel has taken the college football world by storm .  by season 's end , manziel may be the first freshman ever to win the heisman trophy .  martin : `` the legend of johnny football will only grow .
 the 10 coolest tech stories of the 2012 london olympics <sec> technology is a controversial and exciting aspect of the olympics .  high-tech swimsuits were banned from the london games .  some athletes use data tracking devices to optimize performance .  australian cyclists train for london on a virtual reality cours .
 norwegian firm takes long way to avoid pirates <sec> odfjell : ships will take additional time , expense to sail around south of africa .  company to sail through gulf of aden only if contractually obliged to .  pirate attacks have increased sharply in perilous gulf of aden region this year .  multinational naval force has been patrolling the area to provide protectio .
 doctors : no cancer after all in argentine president <sec> president fernandez underwent surgery this week .  doctors now say she never had cancer .  post-surgery tests led them to modify the diagnosi .
 how to explore the other 'great wall ' of china <sec> nanjing 's ming city wall is one of the most underrated historic sites in china .  large portions of the once-inaccessible wall will open to public in august .  the wall was built between 1366 and 138 .
 mississippi tornado leaves at least 10 dead <sec> new : at least 10 have been killed , including a 3-month-old , state emergency official says .  survivors share harrowing accounts of encounter with twister .  five of the dead were in choctaw county , in north central mississippi .  president obama has `` been briefed on the tragedy in mississippi , '' spokesman say .
 aclu : most police track phones ' locations without warrants <sec> aclu : phone location tracking is a common tool of police , often without a warrant .  fewer than 5 % of agencies say they 've never tracked a cell phone 's location .  most carriers require a court order to implement cell phone surveillance .  cell phone companies have manuals for police explaining what data they stor .
 obama urges putin to make choice over ukraine <sec> new : expert says attack in donetsk indicative of airstrike , not rebels .  president urges russia 's vladimir putin to take steps to rebuild trust .  obama is in poland on his third overseas trip in less than three months .  obama defends the prisoner swap that freed sgt . .  bowe bergdah .
 hong kong 's tai o fishing village torn between tourism and decline <sec> tourists have been flocking to tai o to glimpse part of hong kong 's rapidly disappearing past .  villagers uneasy about government plans to modernize traditional fishing village .  tai o is the only place in hong kong that has no real estate market .  young tai o people are forced to find work in other parts of the cit .
 oprah winfrey says she 's disappointed by school abuse case verdict <sec> ex-matron at oprah winfrey leadership academy for girls was found not guilty of abuse .  tiny virginia makopo , 30 , was charged after a student complained .  winfrey opened the south african girls school in 200 .
 in mexico , missing students ' parents wo n't give up <sec> `` now no one is going to return him to me , '' father says .  mexico 's attorney general confirms that a missing student 's remains were identified .  alexander mora venancio , 19 , is one of 43 students who went missing in september .  authorities say they were kidnapped and killed on orders of the local mayo .
 couple earning $ 56k aim for early retirement <sec> ryan and hope wells hope ambitious financial plan will make them millions .  their low cost of living helps ; credit card debt , student loans pose obstacles .  expert says they 're on their way , but may not be able to retire by 5 .
 u.s. open : peng shuai powers into semis ; roger federer in last eight <sec> peng shuai becomes only third chinese player to reach a grand slam semifinal .  unseeded 28-year-old beats teen belinda bencic , next faces caroline wozniacki .  peng underwent major heart surgery aged 12 to pursue tennis dream .  five-time men 's champion roger federer through to quarterfinal .
 why we love ghost stories <sec> author ilie ruby remembers the thrills of hearing ghost stories around campfires .  the one about derek , the monster boy who lived in the woods , was a favorite .  ghost stories `` offer us a sense of control over terror , something unattainable in real life '' .  they make us feel better about our lives , and fear drives us closer to people , ruby say .
 nintendo 's wii u coming in november <sec> nintendo announces launch date , price for wii u console .  wii u launches november 18 ; $ 299 for basic package and $ 349 for deluxe .  console features handheld gamepad with 6.2-inch touchscreen .  `` hardcore '' games like `` mass effect , '' `` call of duty '' and `` bayonetta '' planne .
 when routine surgeries go wrong <sec> jahi mcmath , 13 , was declared brain-dead after a tonsillectomy .  tonsillectomies are the third most common surgical procedure for u.s. children .  complications are rare , but uncontrolled bleeding can happen .  patients should ask themselves if they really need the surgery , expert say .
 las cruces bowling alley murders : 25 years later <sec> police hope 25th anniversary of gruesome las cruces murders brings new information .  four people were killed , including three children , authorities say .  suspects have never been foun .
 is black friday edging out thanksgiving ? <sec> bob greene : holiday season too commercialized ? .  no , black friday has become a holiday .  he says it has the markings : it 's observed across nation , people take day off to congregate .  he says , yes , it brings people into stores in a down economy , but cost of this unsettling .  greene : is getting a deal on a tv worth rushing from home , hearth , family at thanksgiving .
 former pop star gary glitter faces 8 sex charges <sec> gary glitter , 70 , accused of eight sex crimes from 1977-80 .  authorities say the victims were 12-14 years old .  glitter was famous in the 1970s as a `` glam rocker '' .  he has served prison time for sex offense .
 judges open door for supreme court showdown over same-sex marriage <sec> the parties now have 90 days to appeal to the u.s. supreme court .  a stay on same-sex marriage in california will remain in place .  supporters of proposition 8 had asked for a rehearing of the case .  a three-judge panel in february ruled the proposition illega .
 afghanistan : nato forces probe claim of civilian airstrike deaths <sec> nato-led forces investigate reports of civilian casualties in airstrikes in nangahar .  an initial investigation has not confirmed any casualties , an isaf spokesman says .  a spokesman for the nangarhar provincial governor says at least 5 people were kille .
 chilean miner to compete in new york city marathon <sec> edison pena was one of 33 miners trapped underground in chile for more than two months .  while trapped , pena ran in the mine 's tunnels .  he will run the 26.2-mile new york city marathon on sunda .
 long-term use of bipolar drug questioned <sec> journal says treatment largely based on a single , flawed clinical trial .  drug initially used to treat schizophrenia and acute episodes of mania .  use of abilify for maintenance therapy may be leading to higher treatment cost .
 a cagefighter 's success fighting terror <sec> usman raja deradicalizes released prisoners in the shadow of london 's olympic stadium .  the area is sometimes called londonistan as the radicals ' message often finds a receptive home .  many convicted of terror plots in the years after 9/11 are now fre .
 police arrest man in killing of auburn student <sec> courtney larrell lockhart , 23 , charged with three counts of capital murder .  auburn university student lauren burk found shot tuesday , died at hospital .  burk 's car found minutes later engulfed in flames in campus parking lo .
 muralitharan brings forward his retirement from test cricket <sec> spin bowler muttiah muralitharan has confirmed that he will retire from test cricket .  sri lanka cricket released a statement about the 38-year-old record-holder on tuesday .  muralitharan has taken 792 wickets in 132 tests and 515 wickets in 337 one-day internationals .  he will still be available for selection for the 2011 world cup co-hosted by sri lank .
 west nile cases rising ; 66 dead <sec> more than 1,590 cases of the virus are reported .  it 's the highest case count through the last week of august since the virus was discovered .  texas is the hardest hit , with 34 deaths reporte .
 when it came to racing , wheldon drove with his heart <sec> two-time indy 500 winner was killed sunday at las vegas race .  born in england , he likened himself to richard the lionheart .  he also was a bit superstitious .  driver recalls dan wheldon 's growing maturity , love of famil .
 new zealand romp to japan victory <sec> new zealand thrash japan 83-7 at the rugby world cup .  the hosts score 13 tries and have maximum 10 points after two games .  the all blacks now face france , who eliminated them at 2007 tournamen .
 india 's bharti , s. africa 's mtn eye merger <sec> merger would create an operator with combined revenues of over $ 20 billion .  bharti would acquire a 49 percent stake in mtn .  mtn ceo phuthuma nhleko : case for such a deal `` highly compelling .
 valuing the rainforests <sec> new deal attempts to put a market value on nature 's eco-systems and its services .  rainforests viewed as giant global utilities providing service to humanity .  reductions in amazon rainfall could affect the american mid-west .  canopy capital argue markets and governments must play a role in climate chang .
 beyonce , taylor swift , u2 big among grammy nominees <sec> beyonce , nominated for six grammys , is most-nominated female artist ever .  sam smith also has six nominations .  taylor swift is up for song and record of the yea .
 source : cia bomber was about to be searched when explosives detonated <sec> bomber was invited to base to share information on al qaeda 's second in command .  he detonated explosives as he left car , former intelligence official says .  official : bomber should 've been searched before he got into car ; bringing him on base was right .  attack shows cia expansion in afghanistan , risk to officials , contractors , official say .
 brazilian army occupies rio shantytown ahead of world cup <sec> brazil army tackles drug gangs in sprawling slum .  complexo de mare , home to 130,000 people , is also home to drug rings .  general in charge says rio de janeiro will be prepared for the world cup .  then he is whisked away by guards who do n't let him stay in hostile territory for lon .
 bear trackers use gps in bid to preserve the animals <sec> researchers in south florida capture bears , outfit them with gps collars .  collars help researchers track bears ' movements .  healthy bear population relies on animals ' free movement , breeding .  bears ' natural habitat has been reduced , fragmented by developmen .
