 wwf : world has lost more than half its wildlife in 40 years <sec> wwf said 52 % of wildlife disappeared between 1970 and 2010 .  the decline in animals living in rivers , lakes and wetlands is the worst .  the alarming trend could cost the world billions in economic losses .
 ferrer ends nadal 's bid for fourth consecutive grand slam title <sec> rafael nadal loses in straight sets to david ferrer in australian open quarters .  ends world no . .  1 's hopes of winning his fourth consecutive grand slam title .  ferrer to play andy murray in semis after scot beats alexandr dolgopolov .  roger federer and novak djokovic to contest other semi after wins on tuesda .
 spain nabs 10 people linked to basque separatists <sec> politician arnaldo otegi is a leader of the former batasuna party .  that party is outlawed for its ties to eta , which is fighting for basque independence .  otegi , others arrested for trying to regroup leadership of basque left movement .  eta is listed as a terrorist group by spain , european union and u.s .
 pandora unveiled : first images of disney world 's avatar attraction <sec> avatar-themed attraction set to open at walt disney world 's animal kingdom in 2017 .  design renderings depict guests experiencing pandora 's floating mountains and bioluminescent plants .  three sequels to the `` avatar '' movie are planned for release in 2016 , 2017 and 201 .
 f1 : fernando alonso staying put at ferrari ... for now <sec> fernando alonso speaks about ferrari future ahead of italian grand prix at monza .  spanish driver says there is `` no problem '' staying at ferrari until 2016 .  rumors about a switch to f1 rivals red bull or mclaren not fueled by him , alonso say .
 review : pitt takes care of business in 'killing them softly ' <sec> the film is based on george v. higgin 's 1974 crime novel `` cogan 's trade '' .  brad pitt is a killer with a contract to fulfill .  the supporting cast includes ray liotta and james gandolfin .
 world peace given 7-game suspension for elbow to the head <sec> new : metta world peace apologizes to oklahoma city thunder fans .  he is suspended without pay for elbowing thunder 's james harden .  world peace could miss at least six playoff games , the nba says .  lakers gm : `` his most recent lapse ... is not to be condoned or accepted .
 is syria in a civil war ? <sec> scholars say syrian conflict fits definition of a civil war .  some analysts believe the trajectory is pushing syria toward civil war .  syria is unlike libya last year and lebanon in the 1980s , an analyst said .  president bush did n't want `` civil war '' used to describe iraq , one professor sai .
 5 horrifying parasites guaranteed to overstay their welcome <sec> cymothoa exigua destroys fish 's tongue .  sacculina carcini turns victim into zombie .  guinea worms can only be removed inch-by-inch .  filarial worms are second-leading cause of permanent disabilit .
 cnn student news - october 24 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 woman dies riding roller coaster at six flags over texas <sec> ride mishap at ohio 's cedar point injures 7 , officials say .  six flags over texas did not release details about the woman 's death .  the texas giant roller coaster has been temporarily closed .  the texas giant is touted by the park as the world 's tallest steel-hybrid coaste .
 indiana fair reopens with service for 5 killed in stage collapse <sec> new : indiana first lady : `` we will never forget this horrific event and those who perished '' .  the state fair reopens monday , beginning with a memorial service .  indiana governor : officials are focused on repairs , not `` looking for scapegoats '' .  concertgoer : `` it 's absolutely baffling ... what actually happened , it 's beyond all of us .
 israel , hamas ceasefire breaking down <sec> new : three people , including an infant , are reported killed in gaza .  armed wing of hamas says it fired 29 rockets into israel .  `` it 's our understanding that ... the ceasefire has broken down , '' a u.s. official says .  prime minister benjamin netanyahu orders the israeli military to respond to rocket fir .
 'the 99 ' , naif al mutawa and islamic superheroes <sec> `` the 99 '' is a comic book series created by dr. naif al-mutawa . .  justice league , with batman , superman and wonder woman , teamed up with 'the 99 ' in 2010 after dc comics had agreed to a six-issue crossover . .  the comic books have become a childrens ' website , animated series and there are plans to create a theme park in kuwait .
 opinion : let 's get everyone online asap <sec> google 's eric schmidt says everyone will be online by 2020 .  john sutter : that date is unlikely , but the challenge is worthy .  he says access to free and open information is a human right .  sutter : in addition to infrastructure , government must roll back censorshi .
 world cup : who would be a fifa whistle-blower ? <sec> michael garcia under fire from key witnesses .  allegations made following publication of garcia 's summary report .  fifa under fire over world cup bidding process for 2018 and 2002 .  fifa launches criminal complaint in relation to bidding proces .
 police : death of freddie mac 's kellermann may be suicide <sec> new : freddie mac says no known link between cfo 's death , regulatory probe .  neighbors describe kellermann and wife as friendly , happy , `` terrific people '' .  freddie mac cfo died by hanging , according to source familiar with the case .  no signs of foul play at home where david kellermann found dead , police sa .
 sugarland settles suit with group co-founder <sec> kristen hall claimed she was owed a share of the country duo 's profits .  hall co-founded the group before jennifer nettles joined .  hall left the band in 2005 to pursue a solo career .  terms of the settlement are not publi .
 u.s. expels venezuelan diplomat in miami <sec> new : rep. ileana ros-lehtinen says the u.s. must do more to `` counter iranian plots '' .  there was no immediate response from the venezuelan government .  u.s. state department : livia acosta has been declared persona non grata .  she has been venezuela 's consul general in miami since march 201 .
 same-sex marriage ban is in the hands of north carolina voters <sec> polls in north carolina close at 7:30 p.m . .  et .  both chambers of n.c. legislature are gop-controlled for first time in past 140 years .  indiana and west virginia also hold primaries on tuesda .
 are rubio steps pointing to an early launch ? - cnnpolitics.com <sec> a signal that marco rubio is close to jumping in .  john boehner trying to get the house back on track .  newt gingrich on why hillary clinton wo n't be presiden .
 embryonic stem cells : outmoded science <sec> bowman : ipsc cell is similar to embryonic stem cell but cheaper , kills no embryos .  embryo stem cell research taking money away from work with adult stem cells , he says .  scientist predicts embryonic stem cell research will be abandoned , bowman says .  federal funding for embryonic stem cell research violates 1995 law , bowman say .
 opinion : why romney adoption jokes hurt <sec> april dinwoodie : msnbc panel 's flip jokes about mitt romney 's grandchild were thoughtless .  she is a transracial adoptee and says such adoptions have scant guidance or support .  she says msnbc jokes hurt and do n't help adoptees already facing identity issues .  dinwoodie : transracial adoptive families need preparation and media should be sensitiv .
 jetblue , tsa employees settle arabic t-shirt case for $ 240,000 <sec> jetblue and the tsa screeners denied any wrongdoing .  jetblue , tsa screeners , said they only wanted to resolve the 2½-year-old lawsuit .  iraqi raed jarrar immigrated to the united states three years ago .  jarrar cast the settlement as a victor .
 venezuelan elections about more than hugo chavez 's legacy <sec> venezuelan president hugo chavez is up for re-election sunday .  chavez and his `` chavismo '' revolution has divided the country , continent .  many latin american leaders may wish to emulate chavez 's policies .  florida sen. marco rubio demands venezuela 's elections be fair , fre .
 messi and balotelli spot on <sec> sunday 's 1-1 draw with valencia leaves barcelona nine points clear in spain .  lionel messi equalizes in the 39th minute with a penalty for his 34th league goal .  mario balotelli scores twice on his debut for ac milan in 2-1 win at home to udinese .  former manchester city striker scores controversial winning penalty in time added o .
 hijacked train released in india <sec> 300 suspected maoist rebels stop train as it passed through a forest in jharkhand .  official : train was `` stopped , '' not hijacked in region that has seen rebel attacks .  maoist insurgency has claimed more than 6,000 lives since the late 1960s .  incident comes as india is in the midst of month-long general election .
 ernesto weakens , but new strength forecast <sec> ernesto continues to weaken but is expected to become a hurricane again .  the storm 's intensity drops after making first landfall in mexcio .  the storm is expected to enter the bay of campeche wednesday afternoon .  another landfall is predicted for thursda .
 losing my father 's smile : the devastation of bell 's palsy <sec> harrison golden 's father lost his smile to bell 's palsy in january 2001 .  golden , then 9 , vowed never to smile in solidarity with his dad .  his father 's condition has since improved , but is not totally cured .  have a personal essay to share with the world ? .  submit at cnn irepor .
 parents plead to be able to help terminally ill children die <sec> belgian mps are debating extending the law on euthanasia to terminally ill children .  linda van roy , whose baby daughter died of degenerative condition , wants law changed .  supporters say euthanasia would only be chosen by very small number of minors .  euthanasia opponents want more of a focus on palliative care and pain relie .
 looking for a wi-fi hot spot ? try 10,000 feet up <sec> many domestic airlines have begun offering wi-fi internet access aboard planes .  provider aircell expects to have 1,200 planes equipped by the end of this year .  another company , row 44 , says it will have trans-atlantic wi-fi in the third quarte .
 police : man who died in parking lot scuffle was aggressive <sec> police report indicates man who died after police scuffle seemed aggressive .  report says luis rodriguez `` squared off '' his body to police .  officers interpreted that as aggressive and wrestled him to the ground .  he died in a hospital after the february 15 inciden .
 from 300 pounds to 175-pound 'ninja ' <sec> tim mccarty , 42 , lost 125 pounds in 10 months .  he goes to a gym specifically geared toward overweight and obese people .  in june , mccarty ran a 5k in under 28 minute .
 'ellen ' star sophia grace debuts rap video <sec> sophia grace raps and sings in her new video for `` best friends '' .  there 's no sign of her cousin , rosie .  the two often appear on `` the ellen degeneres show .
 the omg moments of 'deathly hallows part ii ' <sec> last installment of harry potter movie franchise opened across the country last night .  alan rickman 's acting is a highlight of the movie .  masterful special effects bring unquestionable life to the beasts of harry potte .
 farrah fawcett 's companion , children visit her grave a year later <sec> redmond o'neal spoke to cnn after first visit to mom 's grave .  farrah fawcett 's son got pass from rehab for death anniversary .  ryan o'neal : son 's doing 'extremely well ' in drug rehab .  farrah fawcett foundation funds cancer researc .
 four children among 7 killed when suv is crushed between big rigs <sec> all four children were under age 8 .  a semi rear-ended the jeep , sending it plowing into a big rig in front of it .  the accident occurred during a traffic backup in indian .
 lindsay lohan gets jail time for probation violations <sec> new : lohan could be booked in and out the same day , sheriff 's spokesman says .  if she violates probation again , she must serve another 270 days in jail .  the judge said she can not be released on home confinement .  `` the morgue is willing to keep you , '' the judge say .
 court : army corps of engineers liable for katrina flooding <sec> corps did n't properly maintain mississippi river gulf outlet , court rules .  ruling issued in lawsuit brought by six plaintiffs affected by the 2005 hurricane .  precedent will apply to 100,000 homes and businesses , plaintiffs ' lawyer say .
 f1 revolution ahead after 'identikit ' 2013 season <sec> minor changes to f1 cars for 2013 prior to 'tsunami of regulatory change ' in 2014 .  new pirelli tires are most significant changes in 2013 says red bull 's adrian newey .  new softer compounds designed to be faster but will degrade more quickly .  fight between ferrari , red bull and mclaren expected to tighter in 201 .
 so you wan na be a millionaire ? odds are n't in your favor <sec> winning the powerball jackpot of $ 60 million is a long shot .  being killed by a shark and dating a supermodel are better bets .  but if you 're the unknown winner of the $ 425 million prize , odds do n't matte .
 u.n. , donors meet on somalia famine as aid groups seek more help <sec> new : in dolo , people are getting registered but the aid had not yet arrived .  the world bank will provide more than $ 500 million for famine victims .  the united nations plans to hold an emergency meeting monday in rome .  the meeting will address the famine and the emergency response in somali .
 new images , dna tests aim to solve new hampshire murder mystery <sec> police , national center are trying to identify four victims found in barrels .  they were discovered near state park in rural new hampshire .  public can see updated facial reconstructions of woman , girl .
 roland garros : the dark secrets of a chic tennis stadium <sec> stade roland garros was used as an internment camp at the start of world war ii .  paris-based research center holds evidence from former political prisoners .  author arthur koestler was held at the tennis stadium in french capital .  official documents reject claims that it was used to hold jews before deportatio .
 23 reasons portland is still the world 's best beer city <sec> portland , oregon , has led a worldwide craft beer revolution , but other cities have closed the beer gap .  even so , portland 's scene continues to grow , evolve and lead the field .  there are more than 60 brewing establishments in the city .  local breweries make beers celebrating pretty much anything ... including evel knieve .
 lagos of the future : megacity 's ambitious plans <sec> lagos authorities have demolished houses in one of the city 's coastal slums .  many people have been left displaced and without a place to sleep .  the city is taking a series of steps to modernize its overburdened infrastructure .  lagos , one of africa 's most-populous cities , has some 15 million inhabitant .
 hoops and diplomacy for british prime minister 's visit <sec> new : prime minister , president take in ncaa basketball tourney game in ohio .  new : obama is `` going to help me fill out my bracket , '' cameron says .  the white house stresses a special relationship with britain .  cameron and obama will hold talks wednesda .
 bahrain envoy to france denies sex assault on former employee <sec> new : prosecutors say a complaint of sexual assault was filed monday .  french foreign ministry declines to name envoy or country involved .  bahrain 's ambassador `` forcefully '' denies assaulting the former employee .  the ministry raises the possibility the envoy 's wife and son may be implicate .
 iranian , italian among indian bakery blast dead <sec> police say saeed abdul ghani of iran and nadia materinia of italy among dead .  at least nine people killed and 33 injured in explosion in pune .  shop , known as the german bakery , is frequented by tourist .
 search off and on for 4 missing in canada landslide <sec> new : crews conduct an off-and-on search , depending on unstable or stable conditions .  the two daughters and ex-husband of a florida chiropractor could be among the missing .  three homes are destroyed , several damaged in the remote mountain area of british columbi .
 isis video claims to show boy killing two russian spies <sec> boy shoots two kneeling men in back of head in new propaganda isis video .  the boy has been identified as abdullah in prior videos .  human rights watch says extremists in syria have been using child soldiers as young as 1 .
 last hurrah for horse racing 's returning superstar black caviar ? <sec> horse racing 's greatest sprinter , black caviar , returns to track after long absence .  after nailbiting ascot win , australian mare competes for first time in eight months .  depending on outcome at lightning stakes , it could be one of her last races .  champion thoroughbred could have profitable future as breeding mar .
 cocoa-nomics : why chocolate really does n't grow on trees <sec> cnn 's freedom project returned to africa 's cocoa plantations to look for progress in fight against child labor .  chocolate industry worth an estimated $ 110 billion a year , but cocoa grown by some of world 's poorest people .  cocoa farmers earn just a tiny fraction of the cost of the average chocolate bar .  global demand for cocoa outstrips supply , offering hope that the industry may do more to help grower .
 phil spector gets 19 years to life for murder of actress <sec> new : music producer sentenced for 2003 slaying of lana clarkson .  actress was found shot dead in foyer of spector 's california mansion .  defense argued it was a suicide ; first trial ended in a mistrial .  grammy-winning spector , 69 , was inducted in 1989 to rock and roll hall of fam .
 suspect in police shootings pledged to turn life around <sec> maurice clemmons told arkansas governor crimes brought shame to family .  then 27 , he had spent 11 years in prison for robbery , burglary , theft .  he is suspected in sunday 's shooting deaths of four police officers .  incident may be `` result of a series of failures , '' says ex-gov . .  mike huckabee 's offic .
 # asknneka : submit your questions for nigerian soul sensation nneka <sec> cnn interviews nneka egbuna , a nigerian-german singer/songwriter monday .  what questions do you have for fabulous soul singer ? .  send them to cnn via the hashtag # asknneka or in the comments below .
 rand paul : the gop 's brand 'sucks ' <sec> rand paul says the republican party 's brand `` sucks '' .  he says the party makes african-americans feel unwelcom .
 settlement reached in west virginia chemical spill <sec> 7,000 gallons of a chemical used to clean coal leaked into the elk river in january .  the water supply for 300,000 in the charleston area was contaminated for days .  several lawsuits were filed against freedom industries .  a judge still has to approve the settlemen .
 isis artifact destruction a security issue <sec> isis bulldozed site of ancient assyrian city of nimrud in northern iraq .  irina bokova : appalling to see the ravages of this violent extremis .
 supreme court allows more private money in election campaigns - cnnpolitics.com <sec> supreme court lifts limits on how much in total one person can donate .  its 5-4 ruling means wealthy donors can give to as many campaigns as they want .  people can still only give a maximum of $ 5,200 to a single candidate .  critics warn the ruling further undermines already weakened campaign finance law .
 fashion thief hits marc jacobs <sec> missing marc jacobs samples force london press day cancellation .  garments disappeared from paris-to-london train , company says .  fashions are part of jacobs ' spring/summer 2012 collectio .
 4-year-old dies after brain-eating amoeba infection <sec> child may have come in contact with parasite through a plastic toy water slide .  st. bernard parish water supply is being treated as a precautionary measure .  there is no danger of infection from drinking contaminated water .  a florida 12-year-old died of the same infection less than two weeks ag .
 'american taliban ' wins right to group prayer in prison <sec> john walker lindh is serving a 20-year sentence in federal prison .  he and other muslims are not allowed to congregate for daily prayers .  but they are allowed to get together for other activities .  a judge rules that it violates the law to not allow the group to pray togethe .
 hot line serves as 24/7 lifeline for struggling gay youths <sec> a friend 's rejection made garrett wedel crumble and left him saying he did n't want to live .  his mother remembered she had a number for the trevor project in her phone and dialed for help .  a counselor `` really calmed me down , '' says garrett , who holds onto the number years later .  the trevor project takes the calls of lgbtq youth in crisis and those who care about the .
