 china : new leaders , same assertive foreign policy <sec> china has warned it will respond `` decisively '' to provocations on territorial disputes .  there are signs beijing will stick to its policy of `` reactive assertiveness '' .  china 's leaders are meeting at the national people 's congress in beijing .  xi jinping is expected to formally assume china 's presidenc .
 youssif rubs face with hands , says 'no hurt ' <sec> youssif began attending school in metro la one year to the day of his attack .  boy burned in iraq is already writing the alphabet and counting .  dad says , `` i have begun to see my son 's lively spirit return .
 'super nun ' in congo helps victims of lord 's resistance army <sec> sister angelique namaika recognized by u.n. for work with lra victims .  lra members known for brutal treatment of its victims in terror attacks .  lra has displaced 2.5 million people over past 30 years , according to u.n . .  namaika on lra : `` it is as if they destroyed the future of the country .
 tiger woods out of u.s. open <sec> golf star tiger woods announces he will not play at the u.s. open .  world no . .  3 is still recovering after undergoing back surgery in march .  the last of woods 14 major wins came at the u.s open in 2008 .  woods : `` i wo n't be there because i 'm not yet physically able to play competitive golf .
 cnn explains : how today 's gop has its roots in anti-slavery crusade <sec> republicans emerge as an anti-slavery party in 1800s .  abraham lincoln was party 's first president .  gop got name grand old party from a chicago newspape .
 u.s. violent crime up for first time in years <sec> assaults drive first increase in u.s. violent crime rate since 1993 .  data collected in phone surveys , according to justice department figures .  crime rates had been dropping steadily for nearly two decades .  latest increase up slightly over record low of 201 .
 is online dating a waste of time ? <sec> writer has trouble filling out his profile for an online dating service .  he figures if he is borderline dishonest about his traits , his date will be too .  thinks he would be better off dressing like zeus , bellowing on the street at women .  says online dating sites draw singles who feel entitled to instant happines .
 australian royal prank call radio boss defends 'insulting ' comment <sec> southern cross austereo chairman shocks with flippant comment .  in response to a shareholder question , max moore-wilton said `` s-h-i-t happens '' .  company released a transcript wednesday , saying quotes had been taken out of context .  last december , two austereo djs provoked outrage with a prank call to a hospita .
 melissa mccarthy and miss indiana usa show that size is not all they are <sec> recent moments in pop culture show women taking a novel approach toward fat-shaming .  peggy drexler notes that body shaming is a part of american culture .  women are acknowledging their weight , then dismissing its significance , she say .
 mickelson 'deserves hall of fame slot ' <sec> phil mickelson is inducted into golf 's hall of fame on monday .  'lefty ' has won four major titles and 40 pga tour crowns in his 20-year career .  mickelson has never held the world no . .  1 ranking largely due to tiger woods ' dominance .  golf expert david dusek says mickelson is one of the best players of his generatio .
 ahmadinejad : why does u.s. punish iranians , cubans ? <sec> new : `` capitalist system might do damage , sabotage , '' ahmadinejad says .  ahmadinejad previously visited venezuela and nicaragua .  the tour is part of an effort to strengthen diplomatic and economic ties in the region .  ahmadinejad 's last stop will be in ecuado .
 lewis hamilton gets pole as f1 rallies around bianchi <sec> hamilton claims pole position in russian grand prix .  title rival and teammate nico rosberg will begin in second position .  mercedes pair pushed all the way by the williams of valtteri bottas .  drivers still trying to come to terms with the accident of jules bianchi in japan last wee .
 ioc to pursue fifa corruption claims <sec> the ioc confirms it will pursue the latest allegations of corruption involving fifa officials .  fifa vice president issa hayatou is also an ioc member .  hayatou is alleged to have accepted bribes in the 1990s for world cup rights .  new : hayatou says he is considering legal action against the bb .
 japanese police arrest last suspect in tokyo gas attack <sec> police use fingerprints to positively identify the suspect .  they take him into custody in front of a comic book store after a tip-off .  members of a cult have been found responsible for the 1995 nerve gas attack .  thirteen people died after the gas was released in the tokyo subwa .
 rape sentencing feels like india 's judgment day <sec> four men convicted of gang rape face sentencing in new delhi .  crowd comes from near and far to hear decision in case that gripped india for nine months .  many at the scene feel death is the only justice .  anger erupts over lighter sentence for juvenil .
 man sought in killing possibly linked to craigslist <sec> 26-year-old died after attack at boston hotel on tuesday .  police say she posted craigslist ad offering massages .  man may be behind two recent robberies , they say .  boston police seek public 's help identifying man on vide .
 serena williams into round 4 at wimbledon as schiavone stumbles <sec> serena williams beats russia 's maria kirilenko to reach fourth round at wimbledon .  defending champion will next play 2007 runner-up marion bartoli as she continues comeback .  french open runner-up francesca schiavone loses to unseeded austrian tamira paszek .  world no . .  1 caroline wozniacki and maria sharapova on course for last-eight showdow .
 richard iii was blue-eyed , blond , but should he have been king ? dna puzzle <sec> dna tests reveal long-lost king richard iii probably had blond hair , blue eyes .  scientists 99.999 percent certain remains found in parking lot are those of monarch .  experts say chances are 6.7 million to one that skeleton belongs to last plantagenet king .  attempts to trace male line through y chromosome failed because of 'false paternity event .
 nevada sen. john ensign admits affair <sec> ensign does n't name woman but says she and her husband worked for him .  `` i take full responsibility for my actions , '' he says .  statement from senator 's wife says couple have come to a reconciliation .  senator has sparked speculation about 2012 presidential rac .
 hearing begins for u.s. soldier charged in deadly afghanistan spree <sec> new : bales told a captain `` i 'm sorry i let you down , '' the officer testifies .  a sergeant says bales told him he had been in a village and `` shot some people up '' .  another soldier testifies bales watched a movie and drank jack daniels whiskey before attacks .  the u.s. soldier is charged with assault , attempted murder , 16 counts of premeditated murde .
 few tears shed for ray nagin in the city he once led <sec> former new orleans mayor faces prison ; few sound sorry to see him go .  `` at one point ... just about everybody voted for nagin , and we all got fooled , '' columnist says .  but prison can be a good thing for a politician , convicted ex-councilman says .  other inmates `` need his time and talent , '' he say .
 voters ' debate reaction shows resistance to negativity <sec> cnn graph during debate measured undecided voter reaction .  attacks tended to received a negative reaction from voters .  only people who like the jabs , professor says , are the partisans .  voters react positively to candidates ' specific plans and idea .
 frat style goes fashion-forward <sec> emory student jonathan weiss wanted to help his fraternity brothers dress better .  weiss recommends a modern take on classic americana looks .  weiss ' said his fraternity brothers support his interest in fashio .
 texting is ultimate social tool for teens , study says <sec> pew study : 63 % of teens say they exchange text messages every day .  study finds that 39 % of teens say they never exchange e-mail .  more than 90 % of teens from households earning $ 75,000 or more have a cell phon .
 first flight of airbus a350 xwb set for friday morning <sec> airbus unveils the first a350xwb in toulouse , france .  aviation geeks can check out the inaugural take-off live online .  a350 xwb is designed to rival boeing 's 787 dreamliner and 777 .
 manchester city rekindle epl title challenge with win against west brom <sec> 2012 league champions get back on track with a 3-1 win over struggling west brom .  manuel pellegrini 's side secure three points after claiming just one in previous two games .  city now trail league leaders liverpool by six points but have a game in han .
 blame piles on nyc mayor for cop shooting <sec> giuliani said anti-cop `` propaganda '' started with president obama . .  he also denounced al sharpton .  new york police officials are blaming new york city mayor bill de blasio .  sen. lindsey graham said he blames no one but the shooter .  rep. gregory meeks , a member of the congressional black caucus , said `` we stand with the police department .
 myanmar signs cease-fire with rebel group ; suu kyi joins elections <sec> new : myanmar plans to release 651 prisoners starting friday , state television reports .  if the cease-fire holds , it will end 63 years of bloody conflict .  myanmar has historically accused the karen of waging attacks to destabilize the military junta .  karen activists said it was too early to gauge whether peace would hol .
 congo needs our help <sec> violence erupted in eastern congo , creating a humanitarian crisis .  susannah sirkin : the international community can not stand by and do nothing .  she says there 's truth to the saying that congo is the `` rape capital of the world '' .  sirkin : the courage of the congolese should inspire us to take political actio .
 censorship protest a test for china <sec> protesters are angry at alleged government censorship at the southern weekly in china .  they claim editorial calling for political reform was re-written as tribute to communist party .  government censorship has never stopped and most media groups are still owned by state .  chinese officials say government protects press freedom according to the la .
 jack welch has no clue about jobs numbers <sec> jack welch expanded on his suspicions about jobs numbers being manipulated .  dean baker : welch has no real knowledge about how statistics are assembled .  baker : career civil servants put numbers together based on data that tend to be erratic .  agency 's workers are honest , not subject to political pressure , he say .
 taliban school attack : what do they want ? <sec> analyst : pakistan taliban have an ideological agenda , are opposed to western education .  the pakistan taliban have claimed a number of violent attacks in recent months .  the government suspended peace talks with the pakistan taliban earlier this year .  the military is conducting a ground offensive aimed at clearing militant stronghold .
 arsenal striker eduardo forced out again <sec> arsenal striker eduardo is ruled out for two weeks due to a hamstring problem .  the croatian was hurt on monday in his first game back after a year 's absence .  eduardo scored twice against cardiff on his return to action from a broken le .
 traveling to china ? prepare for the worst <sec> military exercises thought to be behind china flight cancellations and delays for next three weeks .  domestic travelers switching to train travel , leading to overcrowded trains .  12 airports in china to be affected , including both shanghai airport .
 opposition leader stopped from taking flight back to uganda <sec> ugandan opposition leader kizza besigye was in kenya for treatment .  he has been arrested several times for protesting rising fuel prices .  the protests will continue in his absence , he say .
 changing gears : is knowing how to drive stick in america still essential ? <sec> long considered an essential skill in america , driving stick might be endangered .  2012 uptick in sales led some to say manuals making a comeback ; experts are n't sure .  manuals are n't always less expensive , more efficient , or safer to drive than automatics .  driving a manual may make you a better driver , or at least teach you something about car .
 what will four more years of barack obama mean for africa ? <sec> obama , `` son '' of africa , remains hugely popular on the continent .  ogunlesi : george w. bush showed more commitment to africa in first term than obama .  obama unlikely to see u.s. political benefit in launching african aid program .
 prosecutor wants conrad murray 's 'speedy trial ' delayed <sec> prosecutors complain the defense has not shared witness notes .  murray 's lawyers say they do n't take notes .  the judge will consider delaying the trial next week .  the trial is set to start march 2 .
 volunteer recalls chaotic scene at sweat lodge <sec> james ray did n't make people return to lodge if they left , witness says .  a ceremony volunteer says she received no extensive medical training .  a survivor says she told ray her worries about another woman , but he brushed her off .  ray is charged with three counts of reckless manslaughte .
 dea : drug sub found in ecuador cost $ 4 million <sec> submarine could have hauled 6 to 10 metric tons of cocaine , dea says .  the $ 4 million vessel was built at a clandestine complex .  sub is first of its kind found by drug agents , dea says .  it is diesel-electric powered , the drug agency sai .
 babel threatens to leave liverpool <sec> ryan babel has threatened to leave english premier league side liverpool .  the dutch international says unless he plays more games he will move in january .  under-pressure manager rafa benitez is hoping results go his way to keep liverpool in the champions league .  liverpool currently lie seventh in the english premier leagu .
 obama in myanmar : rohingya crisis could dim asean summit <sec> world leaders are gathering in myanmar for the asean summit .  obama could discuss plight of the rohingya muslim minority in myanmar .  the government does not recognize rohingyas as citizens .  obama will meet with aung san suu kyi , who has been criticized for her silence on the issu .
 store reverses decision to hide elton john magazine cover <sec> the arkansas food store covered up us weekly magazine .  the us weekly cover shows elton john , his same-sex partner and their new baby .  the shield was removed after complaints to the food chain 's headquarter .
 heavy metal and violence : more than a myth ? <sec> heavy metal used as a scapegoat according to anthropologist .  storytelling and drama important , not violence , says iron maiden singer .  heavy metal is pantomime compared to torture-porn films says nme journalist .  iron maiden accused of being satanists in 1980 .
 truce declared in ukraine , but will it last ? <sec> new : `` it 's a revolution of dignity , '' says one protester .  ukraine 's president declares a truce and the start of negotiations .  opposition leader says `` now we will see ' if president `` will stick to his word '' .  western powers ramp up the political pressure , especially on ukraine 's presiden .
 pistorius details night of girlfriend 's death <sec> oscar pistorius paints a detailed picture of his version of his girlfriend 's death .  `` i had no intention to kill my girlfriend , '' he says in the statement .  `` we were deeply in love and could n't be happier , '' he said .  prosecutors dispute pistorius ' version , say he meant to kill he .
 microsoft launches a 'social search ' network <sec> microsoft 's social search tool , so.cl , is now available to the public .  the tool ( pronounced `` social '' ) lets users share web content with others .  designers say it 's not meant as a facebook competitor .  social had been available to some college students since last yea .
 fifa player of the year : the main contenders <sec> fifa will announce its player of the year for 2008 in zurich monday evening .  cristiano ronaldo has been tipped as a favorite to win the award .  lionel messi , fernando torres , iker casillas and xavi are top contender .
 death of 'wipeout ' contestant under investigation <sec> tom sparks , a 33-year-old californian , died november 5 of an apparent stroke .  his father released a statement that it was probably caused by a pre-existing condition .  the los angeles coroner 's office told cnn they can not confirm the cause of death .  sparks was first sent to the hospital after taping an episode of `` wipeout '' in octobe .
 exclusive : stop the nsa while we still can <sec> sen. rand paul argues that nsa surveillance of u.s. citizens is a violation of the constitution .  he is suing the administration to end `` blanket collection of americans ' telephone metadata '' .  he condemns the policy from `` the overzealous powers that be in washington .
 animal rights activists , ucla researchers square off at protest <sec> dr. david jentsch joins protest after his car was firebombed last month .  activists condemn use of animals as subjects for medical research .  since 2006 , there have been seven attacks aimed at researcher 's homes or cars .  jentsch : `` this is terror . .  there is no two ways about it . .  it 's extremism .
 why i 'm quitting facebook <sec> douglas rushkoff : facebook has been very useful to him but now goes too far .  he says its related posts features misrepresents `` likes '' of users without their consent .  facebook users have always been its workers , providing info about themselves to data miners .  rushkoff : related posts takes too much control , causes him to break trust with follower .
 hyundai recalls more than 220,000 vehicles for potential air bags flaws <sec> the recall affects almost 200,000 santa fe suvs and more than 22,000 sedans .  the front passenger airbag may not deploy properly in the suvs .  the curtain side airbags in the sedans may deploy for no apparent reaso .
 suspect in 2001 anthrax case had long history of mental problems <sec> scientist hired at army research site without full background check .  experts say suspect had `` revenge '' motive in 2001 bioterrorism that killed five .  bruce ivins committed suicide in 200 .
 sun-blocking styles : a healthy new fashion trend <sec> protecting yourself , family with sun-blocking clothes is becoming a healthy fashion trend .  clothing with an ultraviolet protection factor of 50-plus blocks the most uva , uvb rays .  cabana life , mott 50 and coolibar offer stylish sun-blocking product .
 kudzanai chiurai : the artist who stood up to mugabe <sec> kudzanai chiurai is an internationally recognized artist from zimbabwe .  he uses mixed media to address issues such as democracy and xenophobia .  chiurai has also been described as an activist and cultural philosophe .
 mexican cargo train derails ; at least 5 killed <sec> new : at least 5 people were killed and 17 were injured , officials say .  new : officials say the victims were honduran migrants .  hundreds of honduran migrants were aboard the cargo train , officials say .  the cargo train was carrying scrap metal , forotv report .
 why circumcision lowers risk of hiv <sec> the decreased risk may be due to changes in bacteria on and around the penis .  a high burden of bacteria may disrupt specialized immune cells .  uncircumcised men are more likely to transmit hiv than circumcised me .
 harrison ford 'ok ' after small plane crash <sec> man who lives near crash site says he heard plane 's engine cut off .  publicist says ford was forced to land , will make full recovery .  fellow pilot says harrison ford is very skilled , safety-consciou .
 four stranded hikers rescued from floodwaters in california <sec> hikers rescued from swollen creek in southern california .  a helicopter airlifted the stranded hikers .  severe weather had thwarted rescuers since 6:30 p.m. saturday .  hikers say they 're not hurt , but rescuers worry about hypothermi .
 is weight loss an early warning sign of alzheimer 's ? <sec> a new study may offer a clue to the relationship body weight and alzheimer 's disease .  jeffrey m. burns , m.d. , says alzheimer 's may trigger changes that promote weight loss .  the goal of the study is to find ways to measure the progression of alzheimer ' .
 five things we want from the new ipad , and why <sec> we 're almost certain there will be a front-facing camera for facetime .  the 30-pin dock connector is one of the worst things apple has made .  more friction on the back would help a lot -- perhaps a plastic rear or a grippy coatin .
 interim president wins polish runoff election <sec> new : interim president bronislaw komorowski wins runoff with 53 percent of vote .  runoff election pitted parliament speaker komorowski versus late president 's twin brother .  komorowski is a moderate ; kaczynski 's party is far-righ .
 in poignant essay , oliver sacks says he has incurable cancer <sec> in a moving essay , neurologist oliver sacks reveals he has incurable cancer .  sacks was the inspiration for robin williams ' character in the 1990 film `` awakenings .
