 john kerry seeks egypt 's support in anti-isis mission <sec> australia will send up to 10 aircraft to help fight isis after a u.s. request .  u.s. secretary of state john kerry : egypt can play critical role in fighting extremism .  kerry is in the egyptian capital for talks ahead of a conference on isis in paris .  he has already met with arab leaders in saudi arabia and turkish leaders in ankar .
 illness hampers swimmers at commonwealth games <sec> english swimming star halsall can not repeat gold-medal showing due to illness .  halsall claims bronze and then misses on a final , as australians dominate in the pool .  australia remains top of the medals table after also winning three golds in the cycling .  host india retains second place despite disappointing results in favored wrestling event .
 jonathan knight exits new kids on the block show mid-concert <sec> jonathan knight walked off stage in new york on thursday .  those in attendance said he seemed out of it during the show .  after being asked to sing , he left and did n't return .  knight later posted an apology on his twitter accoun .
 withdraw u.s. troops from afghanistan <sec> amitai etzioni was israeli commando , son served in u.s. 1st armored division .  etzioni says u.s. goal , to rid afghanistan of al qaeda , has been met ; only 100 remain .  etzioni says people should not die for fraudulent elections , corrupt regime .  afghanistan must resolve taliban issue itself , he writes , and u.s. should pull ou .
 chinese newspaper under fire for photos of dead singer <sec> a chinese newspaper has come under fire for taking photos of the body of yao beina , a popular singer , after her death .  the newspaper issued an apology confirming the incident , and said the photos have been deleted .  early allegations said that three journalists from the newspaper pretended to be medical staff and sneaked into the roo .
 northern ireland riots continue at disputed parade <sec> fresh violence breaks out at orange order parade in north belfast .  at least 22 police officers were injured in attacks on monday , police say .  security forces respond with plastic bullets and a water cannon .  this year has been one of the most violent in northern ireland since a peace agreemen .
 bus promising to 'drive message home ' drives into massachusetts house <sec> eight people suffer minor injuries when a bus drives into a house .  a mother and three children in the house were among those hurt .  the house sustained major damage , massachusetts state police sa .
 deftones bassist chi cheng dies after fighting 'the good fight ' <sec> chi cheng co-founded the deftones in 1988 .  `` his heart just suddenly stopped , '' his mother writes .  `` he left this world with me singing songs he liked in his ear , '' his mother says .  cheng and his group won a grammy for best metal performance in 200 .
 review : 'jack reacher ' <sec> `` jack reacher '' is based on the popular lee child thrillers .  the star , tom cruise , does not resemble the character 's description .  ew gives it a grade of c .
 ibrahimovic pounces to put barcelona clear of real madrid <sec> barcelona move three points clear of real madrid with 1-0 victory at mallorca .  sweden striker zlatan ibrahimovic nets winner for his third goal in a week .  real can return to top on goal difference with win in sunday 's derby against atletico .  third -placed valencia crash to a 3-0 defeat at lowly zaragoza as nikola zigic is sent of .
 will metropcs 's new 4g plans broaden the mobile divide ? <sec> metropcs is the fifth-largest us wireless carrier .  metropcs appears to be moving to bring smartphones to lower-income consumers .  it could set a precedent constricting the mobile internet options available to u.s. user .
 9 simple ways you can help veterans <sec> simple things can make a difference for the more than 23 million american veterans .  donate frequent flier miles , give a veteran a ride , write a letter or send a care package .  let your actions speak to veterans , thanking them for their service to their countr .
 congress subpoenas 'fast and furious ' documents <sec> congress issues a subpoena relating to operation fast and furious .  rep. issa says attorney genreal holder has blocked an investigation into the operation .  justice department officials insist they did nothing wrong .  fast and furious is a discredited gunrunning operation designed to track weapons to drug cartel .
 texas state board says arson investigators used flawed science <sec> new : texas panel says investigators were not negligent and did not commit misconduct .  new : commission disagrees with legal opinion challenging its jurisdiction .  at issue is a 2004 execution of a man convicted on investigators ' findings .  critics accuse the governor of trying to short-circuit the review of a 2004 executio .
 officials : initial air quality tests show no danger from texas chemical plant fire <sec> new : the epa says ground-level air tests do n't `` show elevated toxic chemicals '' .  a city official says that any released toxins appear to pose `` no threat to the public '' .  the waxahachie fire chief says the fire overran the plant 's sprinkler system .  a main chemical produced at the plant was anhydrous ammonia , an epa official say .
 china issues framework for settling syrian crisis <sec> china is against armed interference or pushing for regime change .  russia and china vetoed a u.n. security council resolution last month .  china says it welcomes the joint special envoy appointment .  it backs u.n. leadership in relief effort .
 2 cruise line passengers are missing off the coast of australia <sec> the couple was at the end of a 10-day pacific island cruise . .  police believe the couple went overboard about 150 kilometers off foster , new south wales .  they were reported missing when the carnival spirit docked in sydne .
 has musharraf 's pakistan gamble paid off ? <sec> pervez musharraf went back to pakistan after five years in exile , hoping to return to politics .  but officials barred musharraf from running for parliament , days later he was arrested .  some pakistanis would be happy to see the return of the ex-military ruler .  others will point to the many enemies he made in the final years of his presidenc .
 usain bolt wins relay gold at commonwealth games <sec> usain bolt anchors jamaica to gold in 4x100m relay .  first commonwealth games gold for track and field icon .  shelly-ann fraser pryce leads jamaican women to gold in sprint relay .  tom daley completes hat-trick of titles in men 's 10m platform divin .
 as diplomatic solution sought , journalists still harassed <sec> an al-jazeera correspondent was detained by the egyptian military sunday .  egypt 's prime minister says authorities have been told not to bother journalists .  the u.s. government says it has been in contact with egypt over the issu .
 beckham set to miss mls season <sec> david beckham has revealed he is set to miss the entire mls season .  beckham suffered an achilles tendon injury during a loan spell with italian side ac milan .  the former england captain hopes to return to action in november .  the injury ruled beckham out of a fourth straigth world cup finals with englan .
 pentagon preparing to send 34,000 troops to afghanistan , official says <sec> new : nato allies will also be asked to send more troops , officials say .  announcement on troop increase to come after thanksgiving .  obama met with national security team monday night to discuss afghanistan .  obama wanted clarification on how , when u.s. troops would turn over responsibilit .
 flooding in china kills 16 , forces thousands from homes <sec> storms disrupted traffic , triggered landslides , cut electricity across southern china .  media : authorities send precautionary text messages to more than 1 million people .  financial damage caused by rain , flooding has been estimated at $ 35.4 millio .
 fastest-growing u.s. community ? a retirement home <sec> census data shows fastest growing community , percentagewise , is for retirees .  community has 101,000 residents and grew by 5.2 % between july 2012 and 2013 .  midland and odessa , texas , and fargo and bismarck , north dakota round out the top .
 the floating ecopolis <sec> belgian architect imagines climate refugees living on a futuristic lilypad ecopolis .  the structure would support 50,000 inhabitants in a zero carbon environment .  the goal is to `` create a harmonious coexistence of humans and nature .
 where we are in the supreme court term - cnnpolitics.com <sec> supreme court term opened by deflecting big cases .  but that quickly as the court is poised to decide major issue .
 paul ciancia , accused in lax shooting , ordered held without bond <sec> paul anthony ciancia , 23 , appears at a federal court hearing in los angeles .  looking frail with marks on his face , he says he understands the charges he faces .  he was n't asked to enter a plea ; he 's set to be back in court later this month .  ciancia is accused of fatally shooting a tsa officer at los angeles ' airpor .
 obama : 'when we make mistakes , we admit them ' <sec> president barack obama defended the release of a new report outlining bush-era cia interrogation tactics .  obama was interviewed by telemundo , which was aired simultaneously on univisio .
 the bangles , '80s hitmakers , still making sweet harmony <sec> the bangles were '80s hitmakers with `` walk like an egyptian , '' `` eternal flame '' .  group broke up in late '80s , re-formed in 2000 ; enjoying touring , recording .  susanna hoffs says she 's shocked at how silly the '80s wer .
 strong earthquake strikes chile ; no serious damage reported <sec> new : a 72-year-old man dies of a heart attack in an evacuation .  a journalist describes what it felt like .  the canadian prime minister is okay .  chile is on the so-called `` ring of fire .
 obama to attend service for west virginia miners <sec> president obama to attend memorial service for west virginia miners killed in explosion .  april 5 blast was worst u.s. mine tragedy in nearly 40 years .  obama has ordered review into cause of explosio .
 sky city china : world 's tallest building breaks ground <sec> sky city broke ground july 20 , will top out in april 2014 .  838-meter tower will house 30,000 residents , a hospital , school and shopping mall .  china to contain most and highest skyscrapers in coming year .
 'prisoners ' : jake gyllenhaal , hugh jackman film breaks new ground <sec> `` prisoners '' stars hugh jackman and jake gyllenhaal .  it 's rooted in hollywood revenge films but breaks new ground .  thrilling and complex , the film earns an `` a .
 stranded traveler : 'all i want for christmas is to hug my daughter ' <sec> trucks stopped outside paris because of heavy snow .  u.k. authorities issue travel advice for france .  london heathrow may let a handful of planes land , a spokesman says .  airports across europe are dealing with significant delay .
 belarus to stop russian gas deliveries to europe <sec> belarus ' president says russian natural gas deliveries to europe to be stopped .  russia decreasing natural gas sent to belarus over unpaid debt .  gas monopoly gazprom reduced supply by 30 percent tuesday .  belarus has accumulated $ 200-million debt this year , says it will pay by july .
 philippines backs rearming of japan <sec> the philippines support a rearmed japan to counterweight china 's military power .  china has territorial disputes in the south china sea with the philippines and others .  japan has a pacifist constitution , but this might change after the upcoming presidential election .  in july , the philippines and japan signed an agreement to strengthen military co-operatio .
 reform the un-american patriot act <sec> farhana khera : patriot act allows federal government to spy on innocent americans .  for 10 years , she says , fbi has targeted citizens based on race , faith , and politics .  khera : fbi can question you about a facebook post , or spy on your emails , internet , records .  act erodes freedoms , sows fear and mistrust , and needs to be changed , she say .
 frank ocean effect : what happens when a hip hop artist confesses same sex love ? <sec> singer frank ocean has gone public with his love for a man .  co-founder of ocean 's hip hop collective has been accused of homophobia .  the singer is enjoying some high-profile suppor .
 arthur sulzberger , longtime new york times publisher , dead at 86 <sec> new : obama calls sulzberger `` a firm believer '' in a free press .  he served as publisher for nearly three decades .  he expanded the times and increased profits .  he decided to publish the pentagon papers in 197 .
 israel : hezbollah offers to de-escalate <sec> two israeli soldiers killed , seven wounded in a hezbollah missile attack wednesday .  a spanish service member with a u.n. peacekeeping forces also kille .
 obama may reverse bush policies on stem cells , drilling , abortion <sec> reversing executive orders would allow barack obama to put stamp on presidency .  obama vowed in campaign to lift president bush 's restrictions on stem cell research .  obama also may reverse oil drilling decision , `` gag order '' on family planning groups .  orders to close guantanamo bay , cuba , military prison will take time , aide say .
 obama : pentagon leaders 'ashamed ' over sexual assaults in military <sec> president barack obama summons the nation 's top defense officials .  obama orders pentagon to leave ''no stone unturned ' in effort to quash assaults .  two cases in may allege service members who worked in prevention committed abuse .  u.s. senators offer legislation they say will help victims of military sexual assaul .
 2 dead , 45 wounded in anti-government protests in thailand <sec> the death toll is double what was reported the day earlier .  prime minister yingluck shinawatra survived a no-confidence vote in parliament .  throngs of protesters are seeking her ouste .
 'finding jesus ' : mary magdalene q & a ; <sec> mary magdalene is one of the bible 's most complicated characters .  mark goodacre , who appears in the series , answers your questions about he .
 teen 's tune effort makes for 'happy soldiers ' <sec> kaylee marie radzyminski spends saturdays sending donated cds , dvds to troops .  radzyminski , 16 , goes to high school in a small tennessee town .  her organization has expanded to include 200 affiliates around the natio .
 humane society blasted for late release of video in beef recall <sec> video shows cows falling down and being hoisted by forklift to get them to slaughter .  the humane society sat on the information for months , agriculture secretary says .  group : any delay was caused by a request from a california district attorney 's office .  the recall covers 143 million pounds of bee .
 s. korean police investigate suspect 's links to north <sec> court : authorities obtain an arrest warrant for the man suspected in the stabbing .  u.s . .  ambassador mark lippert underwent surgery and is recovering .  north korea calls the ambassador 's stabbing a `` knife attack of justice .
 do n't let a doctor destroy your baby 's hearing <sec> haleh resnick found out that her son has been misdiagnosed with hearing loss .  he actually had auditory neuropathy and the hearing aids were n't helping him .  people with auditory neuropathy hear sounds , but they 're distorte .
 more than 700 dead as flooding hits southeast asian countries <sec> thailand has been hit the hardest with 315 people killed .  also hard-hit is cambodia which has reported 247 dea .
 2nd suit claims elmo puppeteer had sexual contact with minor <sec> plaintiff 's lawyer says client `` felt he had a duty to come forward '' .  an attorney for kevin clash says the cases against his client have no merit .  clash resigned from `` sesame street '' after the first lawsuit was filed .  earlier allegations of sexual relationship with a minor against clash were withdraw .
 dive deep for these five getaways <sec> underwater restaurants and hotels offer travelers a unique experience .  celebrities steve tyler and jon fishman visited jules undersea lodge .  ithaa undersea restaurant claims to be the world 's first all-glass underwater restauran .
 evacuee 's suicide sad reminder how fukushima continues to claim victims <sec> evacuee from fukushima commits suicide after brief visit to contaminated home .  he was one of tens of thousands who were evacuated .  after his wife reported him missing , he was found dead in his store 's shed .  `` there are so many people ( in my town ) who have lost hope , '' his friend say .
 ex-cia operative tells story of u.s. presence in latin america <sec> anti-castro activist luis posada carriles was acquitted by u.s. court .  extradition to venezuela and cuba blocked by u.s. courts .  `` the battle against cuba has already been won , '' posada says .  human rights activists say he was behind hotel bombings , other deadly attacks in latin americ .
 report : egypt 's army-backed government resigns <sec> egypt 's government has been in turmoil since 2011 .  a string of disorganized strikes has rippled through the economy .  analysts expect army chief abdel-fattah el-sisi to run for president .  he would have to resign his military post to do s .
 facebook flashmob shuts down station <sec> thousands take part in silent disco `` flashmob '' at london 's liverpool street station .  event , which imitated phone company advert , was organized over facebook .  22-year-old organizer now planning a bigger flashmob event in trafalgar squar .
 five emotional moments from 'doctor who ' farewell <sec> matt smith portrayed the doctor one final time on a special episode of 'doctor who ' .  peter capaldi took over the role at the end of the episode .  social media had a highly emotional response to the episod .
 how ships of the future could sail on bubble tunnel ; <sec> supercavitation is the ability to travel underwater encased in a bubble of air .  a u.s. boat builder has designed a supercavitating vessel it aims to sell to the navy .  the vessel travels on bubble-producing tubes and can reach speeds of 50 knot .
 alleged stalker of actress selena gomez pleads not guilty <sec> thomas brodnicki has been charged with one count of stalking the teen star .  brodnicki , 46 , has pleaded not guilty .  gomez is thought to be the girlfriend of pop star justin biebe .
 second wave of flooding threatens southern pakistan <sec> officials fear hundreds of thousands more could be stranded .  many residents are ignoring warnings to evacuate area .  more flooding is expected this weekend , pakistani official says .  promised u.s. military helicopters start to arriv .
 florida pharmacy says it wrongly prepped horse meds before match <sec> franck 's pharmacy in ocala , florida , says horses were given bad dosage .  memorial service for 21 horses that died scheduled for thursday .  all of the ponies died on sunday around the time of an international polo matc .
 sport and recovery : end of the ice bath age ? <sec> leading report questions how efficient the use of ice baths is for leading athletes .  british scientist jo corbett warns that the practice could be a `` threat to people 's health '' .  sydney fc physiotherapist believes placebo effect can make cold water immersion worthwhile for his player .
 obama presents 16 with presidential medal of freedom <sec> medal of freedom is nation 's highest civilian honor .  it was created after world war ii to honor civilian service during that war .  kennedy , tutu , poitier , milk , hawking , o'connor among honoree .
 key west 's historic street reopens after fire <sec> historic duval street initially opened only to pedestrians .  several businesses damaged late sunday night .  the fire department is working to determine the cause of the blaz .
 student with cancer too ill to go with taylor swift to awards show <sec> new jersey student , 18 , is suffering from leukemia .  singer taylor swift invited him to awards show sunday .  kevin mcguire is in the hospital and can not atten .
