 cnn student news - april 9 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 higgs and the holy grail of physics <sec> physicists discovered a new particle that appears to be the highly sought after higgs boson .  lawrence krauss : our understanding of physical reality has changed forever .  he says the higgs is the key to unlocking the question : why does matter have mass ? .  krauss : higgslike particle gets us closer to solving the mystery of the universe and our origi .
 saudi activists say kingdom trying to silence them <sec> human rights activists in saudi arabia say they 're being targeted by the government .  protests are prohibited in the deeply conservative middle east nation .  despite high-profile arrests , activists say they 're finding their voice via internet , social medi .
 nico hulkenberg returns to force india <sec> german formula one driver nico hulkenberg returns to force india .  hulkenberg spent two seasons with the team before leaving for sauber .  the 26-year-old has agreed a 'multi-year deal ' with his old tea .
 u.s. : accused teen hit man in mexico is an american citizen <sec> state department confirms the boy 's citizenship , but offers no further information .  `` i slit their throats , '' accused teen hit man says .  `` i either work or he 'll kill me , '' he says , describing a drug cartel bos .
 cher 's family subject of lifetime documentary <sec> lifetime will premiere a documentary that pays tribute to cher 's mom on may 6 .  `` dear mom , love cher '' will focus on the singer 's family history .  the documentary features a never-before-heard duet performance with holt and che .
 how one busy mom found her inner peace <sec> stilling your mind can lower blood pressure , reduce heart rate , limit stress hormones .  if traditional meditation leaves you sleepy , try mind-calming activities .  tai chi believed to offer benefits of silent meditation but with movement .  20 minutes of knitting can lower your heart rate and blood pressur .
 argentina protests british military exercises on disputed falklands <sec> president cristina kirchner calls plans by uk military `` grave , very grave '' .  the falklands are a disputed island chain off argentina 's coast .  they have been under british rule since 183 .
 u.n. seeks release of peacekeepers held by syria rebels <sec> the detained troops are reported to have food , water and medicine , a fijian official says .  they were detained in the golan heights on thursday by rebels from the syrian conflict .  the u.n. says it has `` no additional information on their status or location '' .  filipino peacekeepers who came under attack in the area managed to escap .
 isis released more than 200 yazidis , officials say <sec> most of those released were women and children .  freed yazidis sent to capital of iraq 's kurdish regio .
 justice department appeals morning-after pill ruling <sec> the justice department says the judge 's ruling does not have ''point-of-sale restrictions '' .  key ingredient in plan b is the synthetic hormone levonorgestrel .  it prevents fertilization or , if an egg has been fertilized , prevents it from embedding in the uteru .
 handshake between terry and ferdinand canceled by premier league <sec> the premier league dispense with pre-match handshakes for chelsea v qpr match .  chelsea 's john terry on charges of using racist language at qpr 's anton ferdinand .  incident alleged to have taken place during premier league game in october .  terry denies the charges and has since been stripped of the england captainc .
 why did gop invite clint eastwood ? <sec> carrie rickey : clint eastwood lines have long been used by politicians , mainly from right .  she says last night at gop convention , he made rambling , performance-art-type speech .  she says left-leaners groused , but eastwood going his own way politically is not new .  rickey : he 's small `` l '' libertarian , with films showing ambivalence about america . .  and that 's o .
 33 endangered , threatened sea turtles released into gulf waters <sec> the turtles were among 500 rescued after the mammoth months-long oil spill .  they are now healthy , and the habitat is recovering , scientist say .  experts say the release is further evidence that the gulf waters are recoverin .
 tunisia approves new constitution , appoints new government <sec> tunisia 's national assembly approves a landmark constitution .  it 's the first constitution since longtime leader ben ali 's ouster in 2011 .  the prime minister , a technocrat , also appoints new caretaker government .  the milestones contrast sharply to messy transitions in libya , egypt and yeme .
 rival hackers fighting proxy war over crimea <sec> the ukraine-russia crisis is playing out in cyberwarfare , says jeffrey carr .  hackers have been causing service interruptions and breaching databases , he says .  carr says the attacks have similarities to the resistance movement in wwii europe .  he says the most powerful nations can not reliably defend their infrastructure from attack .
 prop 8 proponents seek to nullify same-sex marriages <sec> ballot initiative 's sponsors have filed three lawsuits with state supreme court .  lawsuit seeks to nullify same-sex marriages performed when they were legal .  sponsors also respond to lawsuits seeking to invalidate prop .
 youth arrested in killings of 2 british men <sec> new : police are trying to determine why the men were at a housing project .  two men found shot dead saturday in sarasota , florida .  shooting occurred in a residential area on a one-way stree .
 ex-pakistani president musharraf hospitalized just before his trial <sec> musharraf is charged with treason for allegedly violating pakistan 's constitution .  in 2007 , he imposed emergency military rule in the country .  if convicted , he could be sentenced to life in prison or the death penalty .  musharraf has defended his actions by saying he was trying to stabilize the countr .
 deep freeze hangs across u.s . <sec> forecasters predict possible ice accumulations thursday into friday in georgia .  in ohio , police close highway after white-out conditions contributed to accidents .  authorities say exposure to sub-freezing temperatures left at least three people dead .  national weather service forecasters say they expect the cold to last through the wee .
 world 's 'most exclusive ' club admits women for first time in 200 years <sec> britain 's royal yacht squadron to admit female members .  first time in nearly 200 years women allowed in prestigious sailing club .  queen elizabeth ii patron , but until now not a member .  elite club launched america 's cup and cowes week , which started monda .
 2 shot at party featuring t.i. , young jeezy , yo gotti <sec> both people shot at the nightclub label in charlotte are expected to survive .  the club reopens a few hours later for a p. diddy concer .
 triple f1 champion vettel : red bull better than last year <sec> sebastian vettel is motivated to challenge for a fourth straight f1 world title .  the german has won the drivers ' championship in each of the last three seasons .  the red bull driver is confident the team are in better shape than this time last year .  the 2013 formula one season begins with the australian grand prix on march 1 .
 former cia chief : matter of time before isis tries to attack west <sec> former cia chief michael hayden says isis will attempt to attack targets in europe , u.s . .  hayden says such an attack would express isis ' `` street credentials '' .  more airstrikes conducted against isis on sunda .
 all-star benefit concerts relics of the past ? <sec> the internet is changing the way musicians use charities .  musicians say massive benefit concerts are losing their appeal .  music stars such as madonna and john legend are leading chang .
 spitzer seeks return to politics -- as nyc comptroller <sec> new : eliot spitzer and anthony weiner could wage their comebacks in the same election .  spitzer says he 's looking for forgiveness and a second chance .  he 's seeking 3,750 signatures needed by thursday to get on primary ballot .  spitzer resigned in 2008 in the wake of a prostitution scanda .
 kids should never be tried as adults <sec> robert schwartz tells of 9-year-old tried as adult ; he was put on probation , received no treatment .  schwartz : jordan brown should not be tried as an adult for crime committed at 11 .  writes : kids incompetent to be tried as adults ; trying them as juveniles not excusing crime .  it 's in society 's enlightened self-interest , schwartz says , to try youngsters in juvenile cour .
 first indictment handed down bikers ' clash with suv driver <sec> new : robert sims is the first person indicted in the biker clash with an suv driver in new york .  james kuehne , a 31-year-old brooklyn resident , pleaded not guilty .  he is released on $ 200,000 bond .  kuehne is the seventh person charged in connection with the attac .
 could ghost airport fuel greek property take-off ? <sec> greek state hopes to sell its stake in the site of the old athens airport to private developers .  the vast plot of land is expected to host new commercial and residential space .  proponents say hellinikon could create 35,000 new jobs in construction alone .  others warn against selling off state assets to private developers on the chea .
 chinese fishermen missing after boat capsizes in typhoon bolaven <sec> new : six chinese fishermen rescued after boats capsize in typhoon .  new : search is on for another 28 fishermen still missing .  typhoon 's winds in okinawa not as strong as initially feared , local official says .  typhoon bolaven 's cloud field is about 20 times the length of okinaw .
 microsoft ceo 's gender gaffe : worrisome for women <sec> microsoft ceo said women who do n't ask for a raise will receive `` good karma '' .  satya nadella made the comments at a conference celebrating women in computing .  nadella said on twitter that he was `` inarticulate '' and that the gender gap needs to be closed .  women make 78 cents for every dollar a man makes , according to the latest number .
 opinion : can bill cosby make tv history again ? <sec> david bianculli : bill cosby made tv history with starring roles in `` i spy , '' `` the cosby show '' .  he says there 's news he 'll be , at 76 , in a new tv show . .  can lightning strike thrice ? .  he says despite cosby 's two ground-breaking shows , he 's had quite a few that have failed .  bianculli : he can score again , but only if nbc lets him swing for fences . .  he 's still hilariou .
 torrential rains cause flooding , damage in florida panhandle <sec> new : the weather service warns of a `` high risk of rip tide currents '' through monday .  rainfall totals varied greatly in the region , from one inch to nearly 22 inches .  roads , bridges and structures -- including a county jail -- are affected , officials say .  flash flood watches are in effect for parts of florida , alabama and mississipp .
 sexton kicks ireland to win over boks <sec> six nations winners ireland ended the year unbeaten after defeating south africa 15-10 .  jonathan sexton kicked five penalties as world rugby champions lose in dublin .  new zealand avenge june 's home defeat by france with a 39-12 victory in paris .  scotland lose 9-6 at home to argentina , while australia triumph 33-12 in wale .
 connecticut woman arrested in group home assault <sec> police say group home worker was arrested after a video surfaced that shows her abuse .  angelica rivera admitted she was the attacker in the video and turned herself in , police say .  she faces felony charges of unlawful restraint , cruelty and bias intimidation .  rivera has since been released on $ 25,000 bon .
 obama raises record $ 150 million in september <sec> september amount is biggest monthly fundraising total for a presidential campaign .  obama campaign added 632,000 new donors in september .  mccain accepted $ 85 million in federal funds for last two months of campaig .
 delaware deputy attorney general charged with rape of boy , 16 <sec> deputy attorney general charged with four counts of rape in the fourth degree .  police say daniel simmons , 34 , met a 16-year-old boy through popular gay dating app grindr .  simmons has resigned from his job at the delaware attorney general 's office .  attorney general beau biden , son of vice president joe biden , has not commente .
 for entrepreneurs , dorm is the new garage <sec> susie levitt and katie shea created a foldable-shoe company called `` citisoles '' .  tal raviv co-founded `` dropcard , '' a new take on the business card .  juan calle and adam berlin created `` sec excursions , '' a travel agency .  `` there is no better time '' to start a business , an entrepreneur expert say .
 egypt 's bassem youssef calling it quits with popular satirical tv show <sec> bassem youssef : `` i 'm tired of ... worrying about my safety and that of my family , '' .  he shot to fame during the 2011 revolution when he mocked hosni mubarak .  he 's gone on to satirically poke at other egyptian leader .
 oreos high school experiment : double and mega stuf filling does n't add up <sec> an oreo double stuf is 1.86 times bigger , math students find .  the mega stuf is 2.68 times bigger .  oreo says double stuf recipe has twice as much creme .  other foods that do n't measure up : subway 's foot-long sandwich is 11 inche .
 obama stresses diplomacy , humanity in speeches to u.n. , clinton foundation <sec> at u.n. , obama stressed the need for diplomacy to solve international issues .  but he warned , regarding iran , that time for talking `` is not unlimited '' .  obama : u.s. `` will do what we must '' to prevent iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon .  president describes expansive anti-human trafficking plan at clinton global initiative even .
 mexico 's missing students motive for nobel interruption <sec> mexican student adán cortés interrupted last week 's nobel peace prize ceremony .  he says his country 's 43 missing students were his `` main motivation '' .  `` i am tired of so many injustices that we have lived in mexico , '' he says .  oslo police were under fire after he slipped past security at the prestigious even .
 defense questions investigation in pistorius case <sec> steenkamp 's half-brother adam says all the family wants is the truth .  hearing ends with no decision on bail for oscar pistorius , final arguments thursday .  police said pistorius had testosterone in his home , but defense says it 's a legal herbal medicine .  investigators say they believe the track star is violent and prosecutors call pistorius a flight ris .
 tony awards nominations announced <sec> actors kristin chenoweth and alan cumming are set to host the 2015 tony awards ceremony .  best play nominees : 'the curious incident of the dog in the night-time , '' `` disgraced , '' `` hand to god '' and `` wolf hall parts one & two '' .  the awards will be presented on june 7 in a ceremony airing live at 8 p.m. on cb .
 how to handle a bad gift from a boyfriend <sec> 't is the time of the year when some really bad gifts can be delivered .  it 's always bad for live-in partner to gift something to make it easier to clean up after them .  boyfriends can be clueless , so develop lists of favorites on etsy or amazon .  totally thoughtless gifts may be sign that your relationship is about to en .
 man accused of threatening to kill bush , blow up white house <sec> louisiana man threatened to kill bush , social worker says , according to affidavit .  affidavit : man told agents he knew how to make napalm and was a pyromaniac .  man said he visited site of louisiana senator 's 1935 killing , affidavit say .
 a telescope that generates more data than the whole internet <sec> ibm is teaming up with astron to develop what is needed to handle data captured by ska .  the new technology will still rely on one of the oldest storage technologies : magnetic tape .  the ska wo n't be completed until 2024 , but the process has the potential to change industrie .
 author of 'where the wild things are ' dies <sec> maurice sendak dies of complications from a recent stroke .  he illustrated nearly 100 books during a 60-year career .  among his most popular works is `` where the wild things are .
 monaco 's royal couple sues over runaway bride reports <sec> the couple married july 2 .  prince albert acknowledges having two other children out of wedlock .  princess charlene is from south afric .
 obama , putin have brief meetings in china - cnnpolitics.com <sec> president barack obama and russian president vladimir putin are both in china .  a national security council spokeswoman said the two met for about 15-20 minutes total .  u.s.-russia relations have descended to a new low over the last eight month .
 mcdaniel challenges mississippi runoff result <sec> mcdaniel 's lawyer claimed more than 15,000 cases of illegal or questionable ballots .  3,500 of those are crossover votes from democrats who were not allowed to vote in the runoff .  mcdaniel has refused to concede since cochran won the primary runof .
 born with half a brain , woman living full life <sec> doctor : lesion `` basically took away the left side '' of michelle mack 's brain .  right side of her brain essentially rewired itself to take over left-side functions .  she lost some language ability , emotional control because of the rewiring .  mack 's message to the world : `` i 'm normal but have special needs .
 watson tells tiger to clean up his act on and off course <sec> golf legend tom watson says tiger woods needs to clean up his act .  watson compares woods unfavorably with other greats such as jack nicklaus .  watson is making a guest appearance at this week 's dubai desert classic .  rory mcilroy defends his title which boasts a first prize of $ 416,00 .
 saudi arabia women defy authorities over female driving ban <sec> a female photographer says she was taken to a police station in jeddah .  at least 25 women drove saturday , campaign supporters say .  a woman says she drove to a grocery store in riyadh and is `` very proud '' of the initiative .  rights group : saudi authorities are using intimidation to try to deflate the campaig .
 missing atheist sign found in washington state <sec> new : placard from washington state capitol found in a ditch , radio station says .  atheists ' place placard was next to nativity scene in olympia , washington , building .  sign calls religion a myth that `` hardens hearts and enslaves minds '' .  some residents , christian groups say atheists attacking celebration of jesus ' birt .
 man who tried self-amputation while trapped reflects on his survival <sec> jonathan metz struggled for hours last week after his arm became trapped in a furnace .  he decided to attempt self-amputation .  but pain `` became absolutely too much to continue '' .  finally rescued after friends alerted authorities he had not been seen for day .
 unconventional and unforgettable dads <sec> one man added eight kids to family after his wife died of cancer .  larry shine started adopting so his son could have a sibling .  he kept adopting because he could n't say no to kids in need .  another dad sets up blog , foundation to help widows , widowers raising kid .
 close call as china scrambles fighter jets on japanese aircraft in disputed territory <sec> china scrambled jets to meet japanese military aircraft in disputed airspace saturday .  japanese officials said it was the closest chinese jets had flown to their planes .  it came as china was holding naval exercises with russia in the region .  both countries blame the other and have complained about the inciden .
 gordon willis , 'godfather ' cinematographer , dead at 82 <sec> gordon willis was cinematographer on `` godfather '' films , many woody allen works .  willis was known as `` the prince of darkness '' for his use of shadow .  he won an honorary oscar for `` unsurpassed mastery of light , shadow , color and motion .
 pakistan taliban say cease-fire with government is over <sec> the cease-fire was agreed upon march 1 and officially was in effect until april 10 .  pakistani government officials met with the taliban last week to promote peace .  the militant group had demanded the release of noncombatant .
 monty python on verge of reunion ? <sec> new : terry jones tells the bbc that a reunion is happening .  the comedy group monty python 's flying circus was formed in october 1969 .  they produced 45 tv episodes for the bbc and five feature films before separating in 1983 .  ex-python eric idle has tweeted that there will be `` a big forthcoming news event .
 david bowie 's son releases space oddity 'moon ' <sec> duncan jones aka zowie bowie wrote and directed debut feature , `` moon '' .  sci-fi thriller made for only $ 5 million , stars sam rockwell and kevin spacey .  film 's retro look borrows heavily from sci-fi classics like ridley scott 's `` alien '' .  film was screened at nasa for scientists researching helium-3 minin .
 lawmakers : judge in domestic abuse case should resign <sec> u.s. district judge mark fuller is accused of hitting his wife `` several times with a closed fist '' .  sen. richard shelby : he 's `` lost the confidence of his colleagues and the people '' of alabama .  sen. jeff sessions : his `` conduct violates the trust that has been placed in him '' .  rep. terri sewell says if fuller does n't resign , she 'll back an impeachment effor .
 mike rowe : worker safety is n't employers ' top priority <sec> author : it 's dangerous to ignore this idea : making money is more important than safety .  mike rowe , host of cnn 's `` somebody 's got ta do it , '' says safety is never really the priority .  rowe : businesses that say they 're most concerned with safety are not being hones .
