 opinion : pope pick a signal to latino catholics <sec> ruben navarrette : for latino catholics , selection of a latino pope has been long overdue .  he says , like many , he 's a 'cafeteria catholic , '' accepts some doctrine , rejects others .  he says with abuse scandal church has made it hard to stay , new pope sends good signal .  navarrette : pope pick is crucial nod to vast cohort of latino catholic .
 thai , cambodian envoys set temple talks <sec> two nations involved in disagreement over ancient temple .  talks next week will be aimed at resolving military standoff .  thailand , cambodia seek regional intervention from neighbor .
 xbox kinect 's game launch lineup revealed <sec> microsoft announces the 17 games that will be available on the kinect launch day .  kinect is the tech giant 's highly anticipated controller-free gaming system .  the system is microsoft 's answer to the nintendo wii 's motion controller .
 sharon a warrior who sought peace <sec> michael oren : ariel sharon , who died today , had pivotal , enduring effect on israel .  he says as an israeli warrior , he led troops in six day war , yom kippur war , gained fame .  he says in political career , he opposed peace , eventually pivoting toward it .  oren : two state solution best , but israel can still end the occupation of palestinian .
 seattle : america 's soccer city <sec> seattle was finally awarded a major league soccer franchise in 2007 .  the sounders debuted in the mls in 2009 , winning the u.s. open cup .  the seattle franchise also reached the western conference semifinals .  the sounders play at qwest field , and had an average attendance of 30,89 .
 vintage style is back in retro-mad london <sec> sugar is at the forefront of london 's retro renaissance .  hope and greenwood is a sweet 1950s-style candy store .  east end 's treacle is a return to the no-nonsense proper british teahous .
 french get back famous painting stolen during world war i <sec> the work by jules breton was stolen during world war i .  in 2010 french officials told interpol the painting might be in new york .  ice seized the painting from a gallery after an investigation .  the painting was handed over to the french ambassador in a repatriation ceremon .
 matthew mcconaughey : already winning <sec> matthew mcconaughey is having a moment thanks to `` dallas buyers club '' .  he 's up for the best actor oscar .  his career has evolved from playing a stoner to dark role .
 czechs bid farewell to anti-communist hero havel <sec> former dissident and playwright vaclav havel 's funeral will be friday .  admirers poured into the streets of prague with candles and flowers .  `` truth and love triumph over lies and hatred , '' havel insisted .  he was a deeply serious thinker with a puckish sense of humo .
 study : young hispanics surpass blacks in college enrollment <sec> a larger hispanic population and better high school graduation rates boosted college enrollment .  whites are still the largest group enrolled in college , but since 2009 there 's been a drop .  no child left behind credited with helping hispanic gains , advocacy group say .
 rubio winner from romney decision ( opinion ) <sec> mitt romney tells supporters friday he does not intend to run for president in 2016 .  ruben navarrette : rubio gets a christmas present he can really use : a second chanc .
 australia delays decision on koala listing <sec> campaigners are urging koalas to be considered endangered .  as few as 43,000 of the national icons are left in australia .  habitat loss , disease , car accidents and dogs are killing them .  minister says he needs more time to consider new informatio .
 dishonest doctors : why physicians lie <sec> survey published in health affairs shows one third of doctors do n't share medical errors .  results are unsettling , doctor says , but we should remember that physicians are human .  doctors often try to soften the blow of a prognosis by not giving all the negative detail .
 opinion : halfway to victory over malaria <sec> martin edlund : new report finds impressive progress against malaria .  rate of death among children under 5 has been cut in half , he says .  edlund says new diagnostic and treatment options are key weapons in the fight .  he says stepped-up american aid , from bush and obama , has played a key rol .
 holder criticizes longtime foe issa at committee hearing <sec> attorney general holder calls gop rep. darrell issa 's conduct `` shameful '' .  issa and holder spar over emails involving aide thomas perez , a cabinet nominee .  issa led the effort to cite holder for contempt of congress last year in another case .  holder answers questions by the house judiciary committe .
 neil patrick harris and more weekend weddings <sec> neil patrick harris and fran drescher each had weddings this weekend .  harris married longtime partner david burtka in italy on saturday .  drescher wed technologist shiva ayyadurai at their home on sunda .
 west ham overtake epl rivals tottenham in battle for olympic stadium <sec> west ham are confirmed favorites to take over london olympic stadium .  east london club are favored ahead of local premier league rivals tottenham hotspur .  decision is made by olympic park legacy company in uk capital on friday .  official announcement expected to confirm west ham can move into stadium post-201 .
 gingrich : small soy latte liberalism <sec> nyc mayor proposes slight tax hike on high earners to fund pre-school .  bill de blasio said tax hike would equal daily price of a small soy latte .  newt gingrich : minor tinkering with the welfare state has failed for decades .  gingrich : it 's time to focus on policies that foster incentives , economic growth , trainin .
 boston marathon bombings cast shadow on immigration debate <sec> the boston marathon bombings are influencing the immigration reform debate .  both sides of the immigration debate are accusing the other of playing politics .  immigration law experts see no connection to bombings and immigration reform effort .
 blended learning allows flexible schedules for students <sec> huntley high school in huntley , illinois , offers a blended learning program .  it allows students to combine online learning with in-person teacher instructio .
 rare psalm book sells for $ 14.2 million <sec> buyer is philanthropist david rubenstein .  gavel goes down at $ 14.2 million at sotheby 's .  rare bay psalm book is the first book ever written and printed in america .  the book came from the collection of the old south church in bosto .
 will new , resurgent tiger woods show up at u.s. open ? <sec> u.s. open starts thursday at the olympic club in san francisco .  tiger woods comes to this tournament after a win .  some feel the memorial victory may get woods back on trac .
 'silent ' heart attacks more common than thought , study says <sec> silent heart attacks affect nearly 200,000 people in the united states annually .  researchers studied 185 people at risk of coronary artery disease .  treatment for `` silent '' heart attacks is similar to that for regular attacks .  more research is necessary to determine whether screening is usefu .
 mc hammer arrested in obstructing officer case <sec> new : rapper argumentative , in vehicle with expired registration , police say .  mc hammer arrested this week and released , police say .  incident occurred at mall in dublin , california .  police have until his court date next month to decide on any charge .
 samsung : faster galaxy s4 is on the way <sec> report : samsung ceo says phone to be released first in south korea .  variant will transmit data at twice the normal speed .  samsung in talks with carriers in other countries about the phone , report say .
 9 fun facts we bet you did n't know about thanksgiving <sec> black friday is the busiest day for plumbers .  ben franklin wanted the turkey as our national bird .  tryptophan is n't the reason you 're sleep .
 cargo ship outruns pirates off tanzania <sec> piracy has become increasingly common in the gulf of aden , indian ocean .  experts have tracked 11-plus incidents of actual or attempted piracy near tanzania .  around 20,000 oil tankers , freighters and merchant vessels use the route annually .  a multinational fleet has been patrolling the indian ocean and nearby water .
 police say water bottle bomb used in starbucks blast <sec> new york police say the bomb outside a starbucks was made from a water bottle .  the memorial day explosion damaged store but injured no one .  the blast happened about 3:30 a.m. on the posh upper east side of manhattan .  suspects and motive -- including possibility of political motivation -- still being sough .
 'desperate ' contador angers froome after costa claims 16th stage <sec> portugal 's rui costa wins 16th stage of tour de france .  costa part of a breakaway group which stayed clear .  britain 's chris froome retains overall lead and yellow jersey .  alberto contador crashes on final descent but stays thir .
 stories about nsa surveillance , snowden leaks win pulitzer prizes <sec> the pulitzer prize for public service is among journalism 's highest awards .  coverage of nsa surveillance , based on leaks by edward snowden , won this year .  the washington post and guardian us each took the award .  the boston globe won in breaking news for reporting on the boston marathon bombin .
 russia hack of passwords is not that scary ( opinion ) <sec> new york times says 1.2 billion usernames and passwords were hacked by russians .  chester wisniewski : this is not as scary as it seems , carry on .  he says company that found the hack may have a commercial interest in the reactions .  wisniewski : of course , it 's always good practice to use strong password .
 suicide bombing kills 12 in iraq <sec> 24 people were wounded in the attack in ramadi , police say .  among the injured was the deputy governor of anbar provinc .
 911 tapes tell of new jersey mall terror <sec> 911 tapes tell of fast-spreading fear among shoppers .  one caller begs dispatcher to tell cops to hurry up .  the gunman , richard shoop , later shot himself in the hea .
 massive dock washes ashore on national park beach <sec> dock lands on olympic national park beach in washington state .  park service closes beach as crews try to reach remote site .  large dock from japan also washed up in oregon this yea .
 flight 370 passengers ' families frustrated but keep the faith <sec> underwater drone wrapping up 9th mission , still no trace of missing plane .  planned air search activities are suspended because of poor weather .  `` we want our loved ones back , '' says father of missing passenger .  flight 370 went missing 45 days ago ; the search area has `` narrowed , '' official say .
 son 's autism gives golf ace ernie els a grand ambition <sec> former world no . .  1 ernie els is throwing his support behind ambitious autism center .  the south african golfer hopes the foundation in florida will be the best in the world .  he is inspired by his son ben , who was diagnosed with autism as a four-year-old .  two-time u.s open winner still needs to raise $ 5 million to reach his $ 30 million targe .
 opinion : technology is leaving too many of us behind <sec> authors : economy is generating tech innovation , but too many people are left out .  are immigration laws welcoming to innovators ? .  are employers flexible in hiring ? .  will schools replace rote learning with the teaching of problem-solving skills ? .  authors say u.s. economic system is n't faulty but needs wider inclusivenes .
 report : protesters , militia members clash in benghazi , leaving 28 dead <sec> libya 's interior ministry and the ruling local council urge `` self-restraint '' .  protesters attacked the benghazi headquarters of a libyan militia , report says .  demonstrators were demanding the militia turn over security to the military .  libyan shield brigade is made up of former rebel fighter .
 gender pay gap : how boston hopes to be the first to eliminate it <sec> boston has pledged to become the first city to eliminate the gender pay gap .  at white house regional summit in boston monday , the city will tout plans .  so far , some 50 companies in boston have signed a compact , committing to close the ga .
 sources : as many as 2,000 more troops may be going to afghanistan <sec> sources say new troops would include more trainers for afghan forces .  nato official : `` it 's highly likely '' many of the additional forces would be u.s. troops .  nato authorities will meet soon to get specific commitments from member nation .
 s. korea curbs u.s. beef sales after confirmation of mad cow disease <sec> new : `` they 're not looking very hard for mad cow disease , '' says critic of usda .  south korea is the second-largest importer of beef from the united states .  in people , symptoms of mad cow disease include psychiatric and behavioral change .
 miss new york crashed miss usa 's parade float for one last goodbye <sec> davina reeves crashed the float at the macy 's thanksgiving day parade .  she says she did it to be bold .  her reign as miss new york ended on sunday .  `` no regrets , '' says reeve .
 flight 370 : relatives react cautiously to possible clue <sec> a chinese ship hears a pulse signal in the southern indian ocean .  families of passengers react with caution .  `` i do n't believe it , '' says jack song , whose sister was on flight 370 .  `` there is no confirmation , '' another relative of a passenger says in a text messag .
 brontosaurus makes a comeback <sec> scientist : fossils once renamed should again be classified as brontosaurus .  study took five years and involved visits to 20 museums worldwid .
 'chimichanga ' slam on gop is tough to swallow <sec> ruben navarrette : a columnist said the only thing the gop has to offer latinos is `` chimichangas '' .  when obama 's campaign manager tweeted the line , the gop complained .  navarrette says the statement was wrong ; republicans do offer policies hispanic voters like .  he says it 's a bad idea to tell an ethnic group what you think they should valu .
 u.s. to send 2 more missile defense ships to japan , eying north korea <sec> defense secretary says u.s. will send 2 more missile defense ships .  move is part of an effort to bolster protection from n.korean missile threats .  chuck hagel is on visit to tokyo , to travel to beijin .
 how don cornelius became the 'pope of soul ' <sec> `` soul train '' host don cornelius ' impact on america was bigger than music .  `` he was an ambassador , the pope of soul , '' one sociologist says .  show 's message was `` i 'm black and i 'm proud , '' gladys knight says .  stars and fans praised his cool persona , boldness and cultural `` tightrope '' ac .
 martina hingis follows mom 's example with new coaching academy <sec> martina hingis won five grand slam singles titles in a glittering early career .  swiss star claimed first title in seven years at miami open doubles in march .  hingis is now coaching at her new tennis center in barcelona .  the 33-year-old says when a player improves `` it 's like a small victory .
 what 's streaming on netflix , amazon in march <sec> new content has been added for march .  there are classics , original programming and more .  acorn tv streams british programmin .
 romanian president faces impeachment <sec> leftist government files a motion with parliament to suspend the president .  the motion marks the latest in a series of attacks between basescu and prime minister ponta .  the vote , scheduled for friday , is expected to pas .
 greek health minister calls for 'great sacrifices ' <sec> likourentzos said the healthcare system is 2 billion euros [ $ 2.6 billion ] in debt . .  greece spends 11 billion euros ( $ 14.4 billion ) annually on its healthcare syste .
 obama golfs with jeter in vegas <sec> president and retired yankees shortstop play in foursome at lush shadow creek .  obama is spending the weekend in vegas after delivering a speech friday .  president , with staff and equipment at hand , is never far from work , aides sa .
 u.s. 'blackmailing ' russia on syria , lavrov says <sec> russia 's foreign minister complains of u.s. pressure in u.n. talks .  the americans `` are interested in proving their superiority , '' lavrov says .  u.s. wants `` the strongest possible enforcement mechanism , '' official say .
 european mega-ship 's maiden voyage <sec> at 333 meters long , it is europe 's equal biggest cruise ship .  the 'allure of the seas ' at 362 meters is the world 's biggest .  msc preziosa 's first official cruise will start march 2 .
 inflatable baby floats recalled <sec> aqua leisure industries recalls 14 models .  leg straps can tear , allowing children to slip into the water .  agency says there have been 31 reports of seats tearing .  floats were sold nationwide at many chain retailer .
 cnn exclusive : georgia school shooting suspect 's brother speaks out <sec> brother : `` it almost seemed like eventually he would do something like this '' .  in an exclusive interview , tim hill describes michael brandon hill 's past .  he suggests that the system failed his family .  `` there 's just a whole lot more they could have done , '' he say .
 wikileaks suspect manning to be moved to fort leavenworth <sec> new : the decision is not meant as a criticism of the quantico facility , an official says .  the conditions of bradley manning 's detention have been controversial .  he is being moved to the joint regional correctional facility .  officials say a mental-health evaluation has been complete .
 why china 's air zone incensed japan , u.s . <sec> new : u.s. flies 2 b-52s over china 's new air defense zone .  china 's declaration of air defense zone prompts outcry .  japan and china 's compete with claim for diaoyu/senkaku islan .
 california bill to ban plastic bags fails <sec> new : lawmaker who proposed bill is disappointed .  bill passed state assembly in june .  groups supporting and opposing the measure are speaking out .  governor says he would have signed it into law , la times reported .
 bmw to leave formula one at end of season <sec> bmw announce that they are to leave formula one at the end of 2009 season .  the german motor manufacturer blame `` current developments in motor sport '' .  bmw entered the sport in 2005 with takeover of the swiss-based sauber team .  the f1 team are currently lying eighth in the constructors ' world championshi .
 2 seized in pirate attack off nigeria , u.s. official says <sec> `` the danger there is extreme , '' one analyst says of coast off nigeria .  two crew believed to be u.s. citizens were taken off a ship in gulf of guinea , u.s. official says .  they are the ship 's captain and chief engineer , the official says .  before attack , pirates had already seized 132 crew in gulf of guinea this year , group say .
 catch a train ? pick up your shopping at the station <sec> `` click and collect '' is becoming an increasingly popular way to collect good bought online .  more than a third of britons use click and collect , far more than their european peers .  newcomer doddle is now partnering with national rail to provide shopping pick-up spot .
 idf : hamas stops flotilla aid delivered by israel <sec> trucks of flotilla aid halted stopped at gaza crossing .  clothing , medical material , blankets on trucks .  material will be accepted by activists after all detainees free .
 your best seattle trip tips <sec> seattle 's lush , green summer gets rave reviews from one cnn.com reader .  cnn.com commenters recommend chef tom douglas ' downtown restaurants .  ride the bainbridge ferry across the puget sound for great views of the cit .
