 british court blocks tiger woods photos <sec> uk court prohibits publication of photos of tiger woods taken in certain circumstances .  tiger woods ' petition does not acknowledge such photos exist .  golfer in spotlight after car crash , allegations of affair .
 australian named head of men 's tennis <sec> former player brad drewett promoted to head of the atp tour .  australian had previously run the tour 's season-ending championship .  his appointment is welcomed by players ' president roger federe .
 2 italians abducted by maoist rebels in eastern india <sec> the rebels have been holding the two italians hostage since wednesday .  they appear to be the first westerners kidnapped by the maoists .  the indian government says it is willing to negotiate for their release .  the maoists have been fighting against the indian authorities since the 1960 .
 somali pirates hold dutch firm 's crew hostage <sec> somali pirates hijack ship and take nine crew members hostage .  dutch shipping firm in contact with pirate gang .  24 ships have been hijacked off somalia 's coast already this yea .
 stabbed wisconsin girl 's family wants supporters to `` go purple '' <sec> new : family friend tells `` new day '' she 's `` taken aback by the strength this little girl has '' .  victim , 12 , is recuperating at home .  she 's been spending time with family , watching tv and hanging out with her pets .  two other 12-year-olds are charged with attempted first-degree intentional homicid .
 body in river that of brown student , police say <sec> sunil tripathi , 22 , had been missing since mid-march .  his body was found wednesday in the providence river .  it may take two months to determine cause of deat .
 utah doctor martin macneill found guilty of wife 's murder <sec> macneill shows no emotion as the verdict is read .  prosecutors say he drugged and drowned his wife .  he had pleaded not guilt .
 a victory for curbs on public worker unions <sec> wisconsin gov . .  scott walker survived recall effort by wide margin tuesday .  when walker limited public worker unions rights , it caused a firestorm .  walker 's win , authors write , reveals the extent of the backlash against these unions .  writers : other governors are right to curb abuses , but they should n't crush union .
 high court dismisses english-deficient students ' case <sec> supreme court dismisses case that claimed schools failed english-deficient kids .  the 17-year-old case began in nogales , arizona , a border town .  a federal judge agreed and ordered increased funding and federal oversight .  both sides seek help from high court in resolving political turf wars over reform .
 pro-russians storm ukrainian navy base in crimea <sec> new : `` business as usual is not an option , '' says nato secretary general .  new : he warns of the organization 's fear that russia may move into eastern ukraine .  ukraine says prepared to evacuate military personnel and family members from crimea .  on visit to baltic states , u.s. vice president joe biden slams russian `` aggression .
 film offers portrait of the 'internet 's own boy ' <sec> 'the internet 's own boy '' explores life , death of aaron swartz .  swartz was a digital savant helping create the web at age 14 .  he died from apparent suicide facing decades in prison .  filmmaker calls swartz 's film a look at issues of digital ag .
 rape and murder , funded by cell phones <sec> lezhnev , prendergast : congo `` conflict minerals '' fund deadly war in which rape is routine .  authors : gunmen sell minerals used in cell phones , laptops , games to buy weapons .  victim : `` if you talk to obama or the phone companies , tell them what happens here '' .  they say electronics firms must certify minerals are conflict-free , congress must pass bill .
 could the ebola outbreak spread to the u.s. ? <sec> 36 suspected cases have been reported , who spokesman says .  ebola virus was first detected in 1976 in the central african nation of zaire .  initial symptoms of ebola can be mistaken for other illnesses like the flu .  there is no treatment for ebola and no vaccin .
 new double points rule 'a novelty , ' says former f1 star <sec> formula one drivers and teams can win double points at 2014 abu dhabi grand prix .  ex-racer john watson says new ruling is a novelty which will only benefit big teams .  world champion sebastian vettel describes new rule as `` absurd '' .  double points are one of several changes announced by governing body the fi .
 smog cancels and delays flights in beijing <sec> thousands of passengers were stranded tuesday morning due to a thick dark cloud of smog .  the haze prompted 34 flight cancellations and delayed 98 others .  visibility dropped to less than 200 meters in the airspace surrounding beijing , state media reported . .  analysts have blamed the thick haze on rapid urbanization and industrializatio .
 vandals flip smart cars on streets of san francisco <sec> police got first reports early monday that 4 smart cars had been tossed .  it all happened within a residential area of san francisco .  authorities do n't have a motive , nor has anyone been arreste .
 'unbelievable ' : men 's arrests on sex charges stun neighbor , co-workers <sec> six men have been charged on sexual abuse allegations dating back to mid-1980s .  neighbor of suspect david mohler calls the allegations `` absolutely unbelievable '' .  the sixth family member was arrested friday at his florida home .  three of the men are lay ministers with the community of christ organizatio .
 uk court jails murdoch 's foam pie assailant <sec> jonathan may-bowles admitted throwing the foam pie at media mogul murdoch .  it happened as murdoch was testifying to british lawmakers over a phone-hacking scandal .  murdoch was unharmed in the incident , broadcast live on televisio .
 the trials and tribulations of a festival organizer <sec> rob da bank is a dj and organizer of bestival and camp bestival festivals .  describes starting bestival in uk as a 'happy accident ' .  from amy winehouse to kraftwerk , he explains his best and worst festival moment .
 argentina : ex-president gets 7 years in prison for arms smuggling <sec> carlos menem , 82 , is sentenced to seven years for arms smuggling .  the ex-president is a senator and has immunity from prison .  lawmakers could vote to strip him of his immunit .
 james corden to start 'late late show ' march 9 <sec> james corden starts hosting `` late late show '' in march 2015 .  corden is a tony-winning actor .  he 's one of the stars of `` into the woods '' .  craig ferguson 's last broadcast is december 1 .
 faa moving to prevent aging aircraft dangers <sec> the new rule is designed to end the ad hoc approach to aircraft metal fatigue .  aircraft makers and airlines will have to determine plane safety limits .  cracks in airplane metal are small but can link up and grow rapidly , the faa say .
 opinion : america 's students failing to learn history <sec> callista gingrich : tests show a failure to teach students american history .  she says few fourth-graders understand significance of george washington .  most children eager to learn and will respond if adults are enthusiastic about history , she say .
 arizona mother accused of poisoning children on christmas <sec> connie villa faces one count of murder in the death of her daughter , aniarael .  she is also being charged with four counts of attempted murder .  her surviving children had trace amounts of opiates in their systems , police say .  aniarael 's father asks for privacy and prayer .
 airplane diverts after windshield cracks <sec> a friday flight from atlanta to los angeles diverted to albuquerque .  a cracked windshield was to blame for the changed route .  passenger jennifer squires credited the pilots ' skill and calm demeano .
 cnn student news transcript : may 6 , 2011 <sec> consider the impact of president obama 's visit to ground zero .  review the stories making headlines in mexico , syria and japan .  reflect on the passing of the last combat veteran of world war i .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 dave chappelle to david letterman : 'i never quit ' <sec> dave chappelle appears on `` late show with david letterman '' .  he talks about leaving `` chappelle 's show '' .  `` it was like living in the corner of perception and reality , '' he says of experienc .
 ambitious mcilroy quits chubby 's champion stable <sec> world no . .  3 rory mcilroy ends four-year association with manager chubby chandler .  u.s. open champion decides to join compatriot graeme mcdowell at horizon .  chandler 's company wishes mcilroy future success with his new agency .  sergio garcia takes two-shot lead at the halfway stage of castello master .
 texas teacher fired after ferguson tweets <sec> texas school district board declines teacher 's resignation , votes to terminate her .  one tweet on ferguson , missouri , events referred to `` dumb ( expletive ) crackers '' .  teacher vinita hegwood said tweets were sent `` emotionally and impulsively '' .  hegwood apologizes for any embarrassment her actions may have caused distric .
 and the richest soccer league in the world is ... <sec> over 75 % of the premier league clubs ' revenue increase in 2012-13 was spent on wages .  total european football market grew to a record $ 28.65 billion .  english premier league clubs generated the highest revenue .  germany 's bundesliga was europe 's most profitable leagu .
 red sox win world series with game 6 victory over cardinals <sec> shane victorino drove in four runs for boston in game 6 .  red sox win eighth world series title , beating cardinals .  in 2012 , they were last in their division .  first title clinched at home since 1918 , third in last 10 season .
 attorney : autopsy shows man shot from behind by cops <sec> benjamin crump , jose baez join legal team for deceased 's family .  attorney for family says antonio zambrano-montes was shot twice from behind .  police have said a medical examiner 's final report will be released in the coming week .
 pop music star kelly clarkson gives birth to girl <sec> kelly clarkson rose to fame after winning the first season of `` american idol '' .  she married talent manager brandon blackstock in october .  clarkson tweets that her daughter , river rose , was born earlier this week .  `` brandon and i are on cloud 9 ! ! '' .  she write .
 u.s. army identifies remains of last missing soldier in iraq <sec> staff sgt . .  ahmed k. altaie was kidnapped in 2006 .  he was serving as a translator for the u.s. militar .
 man tries to sell stolen brains on ebay , police say <sec> indianapolis man charged with theft of human brain samples from medical museum .  some jars of human tissue allegedly sold on on the auction site ebay .  buying or selling human organs is illegal and not allowed on eba .
 arise magazine : africa 's fashion bible <sec> arise magazine describes itself as africa 's global style and culture magazine .  the publication is sold to 26 countries around the world .  arise is also holding fashion shows around the world to promote african talent .  it recently held its fifth show at mercedes-benz new york fashion wee .
 opinion : why gates and obama did n't see eye to eye <sec> david rothkopf : new book by ex-defense secretary gates criticizes obama , others .  reports : gates writes that obama lacked conviction on own afghanistan policies .  he says gates also says obama `` right '' on afghanistan strategy .  rothkopf : gates narrative reflects intractable problem of u.s. overreach in regio .
 seun kuti : 'end of fuel subsidy is treason against nigerians ' <sec> seun kuti says previous fuel subsidy reductions have not resulted in better infrastructure .  the removal of subsidies , says kuti , is in line with imf policy but harms nigerians .  he argues that the people do not trust the government to honor their promises .  kuti thinks the subsidy should only be removed when nigeria stops importing petro .
 nadal , federer move towards indian wells quarterfinal clash <sec> rafael nadal into fourth round of masters 1000 series at indian wells after a walkover .  nadal will play ernests gulbis of latvia for a quarterfinal berth in hard-court event .  roger federer also through to last 16 , where he will play stanislas wawrinka .  top women 's seed victoria azarenka battles through after losing first se .
 gaultier : a modest provocateur who might be slowing down <sec> cnn 's jim boulden sat down with designer jean paul gaultier to talk to him about his career .  gaultier said he did not sell any garments from his first two fashion shows .  `` the fashion world of jean paul gaultier ; from the sidewalk to the catwalk '' opens in londo .
 obama : u.s. muscle , money , influence pivoting to asia <sec> obama and leaders of japan , australia criticize russian president vladimir putin .  putin meets with the leaders of britain , france , italy .  washington plans to shift naval and air force power to the pacific , obama says .  president wants to beef up asian nations to avoid `` bullying '' by big nation .
 61-year-old computer springs back to life <sec> the `` world 's oldest original working digital computer '' gets a reboot .  the witch is now operational at a museum in the uk .  the computer , created for atomic research , was restored over three years .  it has the computing power of `` a man with a pocket calculator .
 djokovic slips to davis cup doubles defeat in sweden <sec> novak djokovic and nenad zimonjic lose davis cup doubles rubber to sweden .  simon aspelin and robert lindstedt win in straight sets but holders serbia lead 2-1 .  france wrap up victory over germany in stuttgart to reach last four .  spain lead the united states 2-0 in texas after winning both singles rubber .
 mexican immigration to u.s. off 40 percent , study finds <sec> recession , border enforcement cited as possible reasons for decline .  rate of mexicans leaving u.s. stays flat , pew hispanic center study finds .  immigrants say economic situation worse in mexic .
 canada breaks u.s. hockey hearts a second time in 24 hours <sec> canadian men advance to gold medal game with 1-0 win .  both the canadian and u.s. teams are full of nhl stars .  the u.s. will play finland for the bronze on saturday , canada goes against sweden on sunday .  u.s. women lost heartbreaking gold medal game against canad .
 what did suspected bomber 's widow know ? <sec> fbi , and america , have questions for suspected bomber 's widow .  investigators want to know what she knew of her husband 's activities .  her lawyer says she knew nothing of plans to bomb marathon .  she spends her days in her parents ' rhode island hom .
 house of representatives shut in construction incident <sec> the incident is confined and not suspicious , a police spokeswoman says .  she says a piece of ceiling fell around 3 a.m. , exposing a chemical in a work area .  hazardous materials crews are on the scene .  architect of the capitol : there was a `` potential release '' during `` asbestos abatement work .
 generic version of drug linked to michael jackson recalled <sec> new : dea inquired about lot number not included in recall , spokesman says .  cdc says two lots of diprivan 's generic version tested positive for contaminant .  40 patients reported high fevers , muscle aches after taking generic version of drug .  fda disputes online reports that recall and michael jackson 's death could be relate .
 djokovic aims to guide serbia to final <sec> novak djokovic leads serbia against the czech republic in davis cup semifinal .  djokovic is aiming to lead serbia to their first final despite his u.s. open final defeat .  france , who beat holders spain , will face argentina in the other semifinal in lyo .
 ex-rwanda minister jailed for life on genocide and rape counts <sec> nyiramasuhuko is the only woman to be convicted by the u.n.-backed court for rwanda .  she was minister for family and women 's affairs at the time of the mass killings .  five other officials , including her son , are guilty of genocide and other charges .  some 800,000 people , mainly ethnic tutsis , died in the violenc .
 should three key supreme court justices bow out of health care ruling ? <sec> thomas , kagan and scalia are at center of legal , political battle over case .  many have called for them to recuse themselves or step aside during ruling .  opponents cite previous litigation , political ties to key stakeholder .
 principal fired over sewol ferry disaster <sec> principal of high school that suffered loss in sewol ferry disaster is removed .  removal is related to the sewol accident , says official .  vice principal of danwon high school committed suicide in apri .
 wikileaks redacted more information in latest documents release <sec> wikileaks did more redaction on this release of documents .  pentagon says group does not have skills to selectively edit .  it also argues the release of documents is harmful in many respect .
 'bad taste ' cries as mcdonald 's moves into 'mona lisa ' museum <sec> mcdonald 's to open restaurant in the mall of the world 's most visited museum .  decision has attracted criticisms there will be 'unpleasant smells ' in the museum .  the restaurant is not only fast food joint in the shopping mal .
 south korean sensation inbee park sets sights on 'grand slam'` <sec> inbee park believes fourth major would constitute a 'grand slam ' .  south korean has won u.s. women 's open , kraft nabisco and wegmans lpga this year .  next available title is august 's british open at st andrew .
 pioneer puerto rican politician dies in new york <sec> mendez said to be first puerto rican woman elected to a state legislature in u.s . .  she died after a long battle with cancer , mayor bloomberg says .  mendez served in the new york state senate 13 consecutive terms .  a long-time democrat , she had switched to the republican party in 200 .
 genarlow wilson : plea deal would have left me without a home <sec> genarlow wilson : accepting plea deal would have left him without a home .  wilson , 21 , promises to be more conservative , alert and thankful in future .  he plans to study sociology in college -- `` i feel like i 've been living my major '' .  wilson served two years in prison after consensual oral sex with teen gir .
 bahraini activist 's home tear gassed <sec> the home of a bahraini human rights activist is tear gassed .  nabeel rajab was not injured but his mother suffered `` great distress '' .  rajab is among hundreds of people who have been detained by police in recent week .
 stakes high -- again -- for obama speech <sec> soaring expectations precede obama 's speech .  obama plans to discuss the mideast and unrest in the arab world .  obama will meet with the israeli pm on frida .
 hamas official : after the talk , can obama walk the walk ? <sec> obama acknowledged palestinians ' `` daily humiliations , '' `` pain of dislocation '' .  hamas says more must be done to bridge gaps between west , muslim world .  palestinians still suffering because of sanctions , spokesman says .  `` it 's too early to talk about recognition '' of israel , he say .
 imam rauf : what 's right with islam <sec> imam feisal abdul rauf says islam and america have much in common .  he says both have faith in goodness of humanity and in unity of people .  he says viewing the world as a struggle between good and evil leads to extremism , arrogance .  america 's values are its greatest gift to the world , he say .
 pope 's ex-butler had trove of documents 'of interest , ' court hears <sec> police found more than 1,000 important documents in paolo gabriele 's possession .  among them were original documents signed by pope benedict xvi .  many newspaper clippings and printouts touched on religious and spiritual topics .  gabriele says he is innocent of aggravated theft charge but abused the pope 's trus .
 killer of white supremacist gets life in south africa <sec> white supremacist eugene terreblanche was bludgeoned and stabbed at his farm .  a man is convicted on four counts including murder .  terreblanche was convicted of a 1996 attempted murder .  his neo-nazi awb tried to block the end of aparthei .
 joburg 's 'jenga ' building stacks shipping containers on old mill <sec> a developer in johannesburg has transformed an old mill into a spectacular new student residence .  mill junction is a ten-storey building with shipping containers added to the roof for extra living space .  the project aims to provide affordable apartments while maintaining the city 's architectural histor .
