 islamist leader , who offered aid after sandy , speaks to cnn <sec> the u.s. has a $ 10,000,000 bounty on hafiz mohammed saeed 's head .  the state department rejected saeed 's offer to help sandy 's victims .  saeed is suspected of direct responsibility for the 2008 mumbai attacks that killed 166 .  saeed softened his stance on the implementation of sharia in an interview with cn .
 euro 2012 : russia and poland fans clash in warsaw <sec> new : 11 people are injured in clashes in warsaw , poland 's interior ministry says .  new : 123 people from both sides have been arrested .  violence preceded and followed a euro 2012 soccer game between russia and poland .  russian fans marched through the city ahead of the game to mark a national da .
 increasingly , mayors become targets in mexico <sec> thirteen mayors have been killed in mexico this year .  most are from small towns where they are more vulnerable .  drug cartel operations sometimes clash with the work of mayors .  the violence against them could increase , analysts sa .
 donald sterling accused of threats to 'take out ' lawyer <sec> sterling allegedly left intimidating voice mail messages for two doctors .  he threatens to sue the two after they declared him mentally unfit .  both will present their evidence in court on behalf of his wife , shelly sterlin .
 former 'american idol ' star clay aiken runs for congress <sec> aiken was the runner-up on season 2 of `` american idol '' .  his debut album went to no . .  1 on billboard 's top 200 .  he 's running as a democrat in north carolina 's second congressional distric .
 50-plus years later , cuba publishes che guevara diary <sec> hand-written notebooks cover time spent fighting alongside castro .  much of the material was covered in previous published book he wrot .
 solo adventurer says she 's relieved to be back on land <sec> sarah outen tweets a picture of herself from a japanese hospital .  outen was attempting a round-the-world solo journey when her boat was damaged .  she was rescued by the japan coast guard , though her boat is still at sea .  another solo british rower is also rescue .
 group : officers killed in ambushes up in 2014 <sec> attorney general says report shows real dangers officers face every day .  50 officers killed by firearms in 2014 , up from 32 in 2013 says officers ' memorial fund .  national law enforcement officers ' memorial fund : of 50 , 15 killed in ambush attack .
 congressional hawks tie syria to military budget cuts <sec> new : senate and house committee hearings on syria begin this week .  with syria debate looming , congressional hawks seek more military spending .  gop rep. mckeon : we have to stop asking the military to do more with less .  the syria issue exacerbates an already hostile budget debate in washingto .
 40 years after epic arizona hotel fire , convicted man set free <sec> new : `` it feels good to feel mother earth beneath my feet , '' louis taylor says .  the pioneer hotel in tucson , arizona , caught fire in 1970 , killing 29 .  taylor , then 16 , was quickly arrested and convicted of arson .  modern experts have called the evidence into questio .
 search warrants questioned in fox news leaks case <sec> lawyers for an ex-state department contractor accused of leaks question search warrants .  abbe lowell , lawyer for stephen kim , may ask judge to reject evidence collected as a result .  lowell , prosecutors also explained difficulties of getting declassified information in the cas .
 relative says missing nebraska family alive and well <sec> law officials says they still do n't know location of family .  man 's father says he spoke to all four family members .  family 's car found abandoned in south dakota on tuesday .  sheriff says family went missing after deputy check on domestic abuse complain .
 russia : 3 killed from subway bombings group <sec> russian security officials : 3 members of group behind subway bombs killed .  two female bombers detonated their explosives about 40 minutes apart .  blasts ripped through lubyanka and park kultury stations in moscow , killing 4 .
 mom of kentucky teen asks he , girlfriend turn selves in <sec> `` i just wish they would turn themselves in , '' says mother of dalton hayes .  18-year-old man and 13-year-old girl wanted in rural kentucky .  sheriff says they may have stolen three vehicles -- two with guns insid .
 3 deaths may be tied to synthetic marijuana in colorado <sec> 75 people in colorado may have become sickened after smoking synthetic marijuana .  health officials are looking into whether these are linked to one product or several .  fake pot is a blend of plant and herbal materials that have been sprayed with chemical .
 lance armstrong 's epic downfall <sec> a texas insurance firm could seek as much as $ 12 million back from armstrong .  french cycling federation wants cyclist to return nearly $ 4 million from tour de france wins .  international cycling union 's president rejects suggestion group looked the other way .  armstrong has long maintained his innocenc .
 when does an airplane become political ? <sec> obama critics connected an aborted landing in ohio to the president 's political positions .  news of ann romney 's smoke-filled plane brought comments about her husband .  hateful comments toward either presidential candidate `` are just absurd , '' says one commente .
 george the giant lobster liberated from restaurant <sec> peta estimated lobster 's age at 140 years ; he weighed 20 pounds .  group 's members drove him to maine and released him into the ocean .  restaurant manager said george was `` biggest lobster i 've ever seen .
 to vaccinate or not ? some wary on h1n1 choice <sec> dr. mehmet oz : `` i bet half the people in the country have concerns '' .  the h1n1 vaccine is made with the same process as the seasonal flu shot .  survey : only 40 percent of adults are `` absolutely certain '' they will get vaccine .  two key issues for skeptics are the safety of vaccine and their own vulnerabilit .
 o'neill : euro may not exist by 2020 <sec> roubini believes eurozone break-up risk has been reduced , in large part , by ecb measures .  european union faces a `` political backlash '' with austerity fatigue , says nouriel roubini .  political cohesion around a drive for austerity was common to many delegates ' view .
 john legend , bon jovi to perform at cnn heroes tribute <sec> top 10 cnn heroes of 2010 will be honored with a celebrity-studded tribute show .  the broadcast airs at 8 p.m. et/ 5 p.m. pt on thanksgiving night , november 25 , on cnn .  anderson cooper will host the show from the shrine auditorium in los angele .
 senators renew push to change military 's handling of rape <sec> a bipartisan group of senators is pushing the military justice improvement act .  the legislation would create an independent military justice system .  efforts earlier this year failed to net enough support to pass the senat .
 china , britain at odds over hong kong travel ban <sec> china has barred british foreign office committee from entering hong kong .  committee chairman described move as `` overtly confrontational '' .  group is holding inquiry into how joint declaration is monitored .  comes as clashes intensify between hong kong protesters and polic .
 11 extreme weather records <sec> the temperatures from the polar vortex are far from being the coldest on earth .  the u.s. holds two records -- the greatest rainfall in a minute and the highest temperature .  the kolyma highway ( m56 ) in russia is the coldest road on eart .
 canadian community mourns brothers strangled by python while sleeping <sec> noah and connor barthe , ages 4 and 6 , had been at a sleepover at a family friend 's home .  a python escaped its enclosure and strangled them to death .  they were laid to rest in a single caske .
 obama administration sets up new hotline for immigration detainees <sec> a new federal hotline is set up for immigration detainees .  the line is for detainees who `` may be u.s. citizens or victims of a crime '' .  meanwhile , new immigration laws are set to go into effect in some states on january 1 .  the new laws require businesses to verify immigration status of worker .
 u.s. : minimal concern over stolen iraqi uranium <sec> iraq : terrorist groups have control of about 40 kilos of uranium compounds .  u.s. officials say concern is minimal as the materials are n't enriched or weapons-grade .  the compounds were used by university departments in mosul for study and research .  iraqi ambassador asks u.n. for help `` to stave off the threat of their use .
 al qaeda in yemen : on the ropes <sec> al qaeda affiliate in yemen confirms death of a key leader .  peter bergen says it amounts to a concession that the group is in deep trouble .  militants in yemen were riding high in 2011 , but drone campaign has set them back , he says .  bergen : al qaeda in the arabian peninsula is struggling to surviv .
 davos and its dictionary diplomacy <sec> this year 's theme recognizes that during five years of crises massive changes have taken place , richard quest writes .  all the accepted truths that have guided us pretty much since the end of the world war ii have gone up in smoke .  people coming to davos must question the role of government , social media , traditional media , and business in all of thi .
 your dads ' advice on love , money and jobs <sec> readers share advice their dads gave them on love , money and jobs .  `` money wo n't buy you happiness . .  it just gives you options .. '' said one dad .  `` you are young , you will have 500 million other opportunities '' .  `` watch how a man treats a waitress or waiter and his parents . .  take a cue from that .
 uae judge jails american for 30 days for possessing handcuffs <sec> new : adam foster was taken into custody in court to immediately begin serving sentence .  new : lawyer : `` i ca n't say he was happy '' .  foster says he was tortured into confessing to a crime he did n't commit .  foster : `` court is in less than 12 hours.. not going to get much sleep tonight .
 'dog whisperer ' cesar millan on adopting the right dog <sec> cesar millan is known as the `` dog whisperer '' for his ability to train troubled dogs .  he hosts the show , `` the dog whisperer '' on nat geo wild .  millan says compatibility starts with understanding a dog 's body language .  millan warns that people should not chose a dog to adopt only based on emotions , like pit .
 where are the world 's best hotels ? <sec> agoda.com analyzed 7 million hotel reviews to determine which destinations have the highest-rated accommodations .  only destinations with more than 100 hotels included in the study .  cape town , south africa , takes the number one spot , scoring an average of 8.43 out of 10 .  in terms of value , budapest , hungary , has the top rating from agoda.com reviewer .
 reputed cartel leader killed , mexico says <sec> reputed leader of los zetas cartel in mexico 's veracruz state reportedly in gunbattle .  braulio arellano dominguez dies in firefight with authorities , attorney general says .  los zetas considered one of mexico 's most advanced and violent drug cartel .
 senegalese teens shoot for u.s. basketball glory <sec> academy in senegal gives basketball scholarships to u.s. colleges .  the boarding school uses basketball as a vehicle to empower senegal 's youth .  it lets them improve their basketball skills while offering them quality education .  so far the academy has sent some 40 kids to study in the united state .
 intelligence officials : suspected drone strike kills 4 in pakistan <sec> it is the latest in a spate of suspected drone attacks since osama bin laden 's death .  intelligence officials say a suspected drone fired on a vehicle in north waziristan .  north waziristan is one of seven districts in pakistan 's volatile tribal regio .
 awaken joy and get more happiness <sec> joy is different for everyone , but some may not recognize it .  make a list of activities that nourish your spirit .  expert : what you focus on in your life will grow .  get a partner to encourage and nudge you towards jo .
 writer 's black ? <sec> espn article about a `` white '' michael vick got this author thinking .  readers can make assumptions about authors ' race and culture .  this anonymous writer invites you to guess those attributes from this essa .
 justice department investigates handling of rape allegations in montana <sec> new : the mayor says missoula is in uncharted territory .  the investigation focuses on complaints at the university of montana in missoula .  a missoula prosecutor defends his office and the police officers involved in the investigations .  more than 80 cases of sexual assault and rape were reported over three year .
 crews still battle brushfires in northeast <sec> new : gov . .  andrew cuomo declares a state of emergency for new york 's suffolk county .  national weather service has issued warnings in new york , new jersey , pennsylvania .  weather service says the fires occurred after a dry spell in the region .  firefighters continue to battle brushfires on nearly 2,600 acres in the u.s. northeas .
 california police arrest suspect in nursing student 's slaying <sec> new : police say dna evidence found on a shoe helped lead to the suspect 's arrest .  new : family members vow to keep searching for nursing student michelle le .  le was last seen on may 27 in a hospital parking garage .  police classify the case as a homicide , but family members have held out hop .
 the dos and don'ts of googling people <sec> it 's advantageous to know as much as you can about your co-workers .  do a quick search on any potential dates , but do n't spoil the mystery .  google yourself early and often to prevent an identity crisi .
 sizing up a clinton-romney race <sec> mitt romney and hillary clinton both spent thursday campaigning .  romney has left the door open to another presidential bid .  foreign policy and women 's issues could dominate a clinton-romney rac .
 opinion : j-lo and the dictator : an upside <sec> singer jennifer lopez draws criticism for her performance in turkmenistan .  john sutter says the `` happy birthday '' concert actually was productive .  he says lopez inadvertently lent her celebrity to raising awareness about human rights .  sutter : `` a diva 's visit with a despot can raise more than awareness .
 obama apologizes for insurance cancellations due to obamacare - cnnpolitics.com <sec> obama says in interview with nbc he 's sorry .  some people are losing their health coverage due to affordable care act .  obama said previously americans could keep their plans if they liked them .  house will vote next week on bill allowing americans to keep their health plan .
 hushovd wins stage as cancellara back in yellow <sec> norway 's thor hushovd of cervelo team wins third stage of the tour de france .  fabian cancellara finishes in six-strong group with hushovd to reclaim yellow jersey .  previous leader sylvain chavanel loses time after punctures as does lance armstrong .  andy schleck and cadel evans boost overall chanches after finishing in leading grou .
 child rapist cuts ankle monitor , flees denver halfway house <sec> eric eugene hartwell was convicted of raping a child in 1991 .  law agencies are working to find hartwell `` as quickly as possible , '' spokesman says .  hartwell was ordered to serve a lifetime of supervised parole .  he cut off his leg monitor and fled previously in 2009 , the justice department say .
 when a parent is bipolar , kids are at risk too <sec> kids with a bipolar parent are 14 times more likely to have bipolar-like symptoms .  they 're also more likely to have a diagnosis of an anxiety or mood disorder .  bipolar disorder affects 5.7 million people over age 18 in the united states .  findings might help families recognize problem , get help for a child earlie .
 colombian president deploys 50,000 troops after violent protests <sec> 50,000 soldiers will patrol the streets of bogota , colombia , after violent protests .  vandals have smashed windows at foreign businesses , banks and restaurants .  president santos says vandals infiltrated protests by farmers seeking government support .  colombian analyst : `` in general , this social movement has not been infiltrated .
 sailors seek fastest record to hawaii , but hit 2011 tsunami debris <sec> sailor john sangmeister spends two years preparing for world record try to hawaii .  he recruits the best crew he can find .  but his 73-foot trimaran strikes drifting telephone poles from japan 's 2011 tsunami .  damage to the central daggerboard thwarts a record , but boat still finishes firs .
 cristiano ronaldo : i 'm better than messi <sec> real madrid 's cristiano ronaldo talks to cnn 's pedro pinto .  he has won the spanish title , scoring 46 goals , a record for him .  ronaldo says that he believes he is better than lionel messi .  he believes jose mourinho is the best coach in the worl .
 indian spiritual guru dies at 85 <sec> the spiritual leader dies after cardio-respiratory failure .  his followers believe he is endowed with supernatural powers .  sri sathya sai baba was hospitalized last mont .
 two college football players arraigned in beating of homeless man <sec> they 're accused of beating him into unconsciousness .  the beating continued until a passerby shielded the victim 's body , prosecutors say .  both men pleaded not guilty in massachusetts superior court on wednesday .  a court date is set for early jun .
 source : donald sterling hires private investigators to probe nba <sec> new : source tied to nba : hiring investigators part of a `` strategy of intimidation '' .  `` multiple private investigation firms '' have been hired by sterling , a source says .  source : they each have a $ 50,000 budget , 30 days to finish their probes .  investigators will look into instances of discrimination , nba executives pa .
 italian lawmakers approve new government amid economic turmoil <sec> new : in a confidence vote , italy 's lower house confirms the new prime minister 's government .  enrico letta was sworn in sunday , the same day a gunman shot officers outside his office .  letta has said unemployment and political reform are top priorities .  italy has an 11.6 % unemployment rat .
 ozil masterclass puts bremen on top <sec> werder bremen snatch top spot in bundesliga on goal difference after crushing freiburg 6-0 .  young germany international mesut ozil sets up four goals and scores one himself .  schalke move into third place after 2-0 win over hannover , who are mourning robert enke .  bayer leverkusen can reclaim top spot with a point from sunday 's trip to bayern munic .
 north korea : the danger of romancing kim ( opinion ) <sec> kenneth bae and matthew miller released by north korea .  agreement may be sign of more deals to come , says christian whiton .  whiton : kim regime is demonstrating knowledge about u.s. politics .  time for u.s. to stop 'romancing ' north korea , he say .
 more somalis flee heavy fighting in capital <sec> fighting has triggered flight of more than 67,000 somalis since may 8 .  most heading to afgooye corridor , a 30-kilometer stretch of ramshackle housing .  president sheikh sharif sheikh ahmed speaking at a conference in mogadishu .  ahmed fears foreign fighters will turn somalia into another iraq or afghanista .
 rabbi 's pitch to pope : use family dinners to defuse abuse crisis <sec> american rabbi shmuley boteach spoke to pope benedict xvi about dinner idea .  boteach calls his proposal `` turn friday night into family night '' .  pope seemed receptive to idea , but made no firm commitments , boteach sai .
 algeria cargo plane crash : 7 killed , report says <sec> plane crashed three minutes after takeoff , state-run algerie presse service reports .  plane was carrying oil equipment .  aircraft was headed from scotland to equatorial guinea ; had stopover in algeri .
 nbc announces 2014 schedule : see what 's new <sec> nbc unveiled its 2014-15 schedule on sunday .  the lineup includes three new dramas and three new comedies .  the network is also retaining `` parks and recreation '' for a seventh and final seaso .
 zimbabwe removes 12 zeros from currency <sec> one trillion in zimbabwe dollars now will be equivalent to one zimbabwe dollar .  zimbabwe 's inflation rate officially at 231 million percent as of last july .  many zimbabwean traders have stopped accepting local currency .  acting finance minister recently allowed all zimbabweans to use foreign currenc .
 blues singer rita chiarelli collaborates with louisiana prison musicians <sec> chiarelli says she took a tour of angola after learning of its rich musical history .  she went there with the intention of playing solo for the prisoners .  her collaboration with angola 's prison musicians is documented in `` music from the big house .
 4k tv promises to be four times clearer than high-def <sec> new wave of 4k tvs offers picture four times sharper than hd .  sony is already on the market with a 84-inch model for $ 25,000 .  one complaint so far is that there 's not much content shot in 4k .  lg , sharp , panasonic , sony and samsung all have sets in the work .
