 ivory coast closing borders in response to ebola <sec> ivory coast is closing its borders with guinea and liberia , two countries dealing with an ebola outbreak . .  the borders will be closed to prevent the ebola virus spreading into ivory coast .  briton living in sierra leone tests positive for the ebola virus .  the patient was a volunteer nurse working with ebola patient .
 new study finds genes linked to coffee consumption <sec> dna influences how much coffee is consumed , according to a new research .  researchers found eight gene variants that affect coffee consumption .  61 % of american adults consume coffee every da .
 chavez : venezuela arrests u.s. 'mercenary ' <sec> chavez does not identify the man , but says he was arrested five days ago .  `` we are interrogating him , '' chavez says at a campaign event .  the president warns of opposition plans to destabilize the countr .
 get potted splendor at your home <sec> `` right pot , right place '' is key to beautiful container gardens .  choose plants for amount of sun they need -- do n't mix types .  water them before transplanting into potting soil .  potted plants need more fertilizer than garden plant .
 libyan aid ship to dock in egypt , not gaza <sec> new : the ship is in egyptian waters , foundation says .  aid ship organizers plan to arrived in al arish , egypt .  egypt says it approved a request for the vessel to doc .
 'threat of violence ' over , ohio college ends lockdown <sec> new : lockdown is lifted , classes will be back in session saturday , school website says .  a letter to a college administrator threatened violence friday , a spokeswoman says .  there have been no reports of violence or injuries , betheny herr add .
 has air france flight 447 mystery finally been solved ? <sec> air france flight 447 plunged into southern atlantic ocean killing all 228 people in 2009 .  tests on instruments measuring air speed and pressure seen as one factor .  expert : search for wreck `` unprecedented in terms of depth and sub-sea terrain .
 philadelphia man finds self on missing children 's website <sec> steve carter , 35 , was adopted at age 4 from an orphanage in honolulu . .  it was only years later that the philadelphia resident grew more curious about his own roots .  on a whim , he clicked on missingkids.com .  there , he found an age-progression image made from a photograph of him as an infan .
 review : 'lottery ticket ' does n't hit jackpot <sec> shad gregory moss , formerly known as lil ' bow wow , has grown into a likable lead .  for every well-intentioned speech , it shows a montagge of him blowing wads of cash .  if `` lottery ticket '' had as much conviction as laughs , it could have hit the jackpo .
 police seek motive in deadly arizona shooting spree <sec> ryan elliot giroux , 41 , accused of murder , burglary and many other offenses .  giroux was arrested in california in 2006 in a knife assault case , police sa .
 three affordable european mini hotel chains <sec> pay just $ 36 for four hours in one of yotel 's london locations .  at qbic hotels , colorful lighting schemes give the rooms a club-like feel .  citizenm rooms feature an ultramodern cylindrical showe .
 super bowl visit boosts armless kicker 's nfl dream <sec> the nfl invited isaac lufkin and his mom to be its guests at the super bowl .  lufkin was born without arms and is a kicker on his high school 's freshman team .  he says he wants to play in the super bowl one day for the baltimore ravens .  offers poured in from tv producers , kicking coaches after cnn aired his stor .
 canadian researchers question autism screening <sec> a new paper says `` good screening tools and efficacious treatment '' for autism are lacking .  several leading autism experts question the article 's conclusions .  the american academy of pediatrics recommends screening at 18 and 24 months .  one of the report 's authors says finding and helping children with autism is his goa .
 name that holiday ? this maryland school district wo n't <sec> montgomery county will remove names of religious holidays from the school calendar .  it was done to emphasize that schools close for secular reasons , not religious .  the decision was made in light of a push from muslim leaders to see their holidays include .
 dozens of indonesians missing after boat sinks off malaysia <sec> 60 people rescued from sea .  5 bodies have been recovered , more than 30 others still missing .  boat capsized in waters off malaysia 's west coast , authorities sai .
 commentary : immigrants did n't cause your problems <sec> ruben navarrette : critics of stimulus plan say it will employ illegal immigrants .  he says critics are upset that the e-verify program wo n't be used to check in hiring .  navarrette says those who hire illegal immigrants should be jailed .  he says immigrants are n't to blame for americans ' economic failure .
 donors pledge $ 7.4 billion palestinian aid <sec> new : donors pledge $ 7.4 billion to help build a palestinian state .  new : imf offers to monitor palestinians ' promised reforms .  palestinian aid conference organizers hail event as a new beginning .  tony blair says donors need to be repaid with steps to create a lasting settlemen .
 docs questioning quebec 's urgent care resources <sec> resort where natasha richardson was injured is 2½-hour drive from trauma center .  no helicopter medical services are available .  with epidural hematoma , survival window without treatment is about 90 minutes .  some canadian trauma doctors have argued for air transport since 1990 .
 cameron diaz weds benji madden <sec> cameron diaz married musician benji madden monday .  the couple had a small ceremony at their home in los angeles .  diaz has previously been skeptical of marriage .  the couple were set up by madden 's sister-in-law , nicole richi .
 opinion : the beauty , the art and the good of snow <sec> tom foreman : snow has many benefits , especially for the drought-stricken midwest .  winter has been the subject for many artists , from monet to renoir .  snow and ice serve as important indicators for scientist .
 with teens being left at hospitals , nebraska legislature sets hearing <sec> wording of nebraska 'safe haven ' law allows parents to dump teenagers .  law 's original intent was to protect unwanted newborns .  governor calls on legislature to revise law to insert age limit .  safe haven laws fail to address issues behind abandonment , child advocates sa .
 'car talk ' hosts retiring from hit show <sec> popular radio show 's hosts will retire in october .  shows will continue with archival material ; website column will go on as well .  the show debuted on boston radio in 1977 and moved to npr 10 years late .
 opinion : in montana , a case study in rape culture <sec> lyn mikel brown : montana teen raped , teacher confessed , then judge gave one month sentence .  judge said girl looked older , was in control , teacher had `` suffered '' .  brown : culture 's distorted message about girls gives men like rapist -- and judge -- a pass .  brown : girls struggle to navigate this terrain ; judges must be wise enough to understand i .
 abandon perfection : embrace 'wabi sabi ' travel in the south <sec> 'wabi sabi ' travel involves embracing imperfection .  adopt that philosophy for a family-friendly trip to chattanooga and huntsville .  from aquariums to space rockets , these southeastern cities have kids covere .
 baha'is accuse iran of stoking hatred in media <sec> the baha'is say iranian media are demonizing them .  rights groups underscore the report 's contentions .  iran 's rulers believe the baha'i faith is blasphemou .
 britain : queen unveils new medal for military families <sec> elizabeth cross for next of kin of armed forces personnel killed on operations .  medal is a sterling silver emblem in the shape of a cross over a wreath .  first time name of a reigning monarch has been given to an award since 1940 .  most prestigious medal , victoria cross , introduced by queen victoria in 185 .
 inmates riot for second time at texas prison <sec> new : inmate unrest at texas prison enters second day .  new : authorities : three inmates have been hospitalized ; one has severed finger .  prison was site of another inmate riot in december .  officials say they do not know what sparked latest rio .
 top u.s. military commander meets with yemeni president <sec> new : gen. david petraeus and president ali abdullah saleh discuss al qaeda intelligence .  saleh says yemen will continue to assist in investigation into attempted airline bombing .  president obama has linked man behind botched attack to yemen-based al qaeda affiliate .  yemen reportedly tightens security after threats from group of somali militant .
 author : the beatles were a 'spiritual force ' <sec> author : john lennon never meant `` more popular than jesus '' comment to offend .  lennon never actually retracted the controversial remark .  vatican newspaper paid tribute to the beatles on 40th anniversary of `` white album '' .  beatles author says band were a `` spiritual force '' themselve .
 capturing the cosmos : stunning photos of the night sky <sec> ireporters have sent stunning photos of the night skies .  you do n't need expensive equipment for impressive results .  share your photos with cnn ireport and you could be featured on cn .
 case of creutzfeldt-jakob disease confirmed in new hampshire <sec> a test confirms a new hampshire patient died of the fatal brain disease .  after this patient 's death , authorities said 13 others may have been exposed .  normal equipment sterilization is n't adequate to eradicate disease-carrying proteins .  hospital president : `` the risk is extremely low that any of these patients was infected .
 china blocks access to linkedin <sec> users in china are reporting that access to linkedin has been blocked .  the company is `` currently in the process of investigating the situation further '' .  use of linkedin was by far the easiest way to access twitter in chin .
 why we eat what we eat on thanksgiving <sec> first-hand account of the first thanksgiving includes no explicit mention of turkey .  it 's also unlikely that the feast featured cranberry sauce .  `` a christmas carol '' may have helped turkeys become a holiday delicacy .  pumpkin pie became a popular dish on 17th-century american table .
 10 ways to improve the travel industry right now <sec> listen up , big travel ! .  these fixes would make travel more pleasant for us and maybe save you money . .  do we really need a napkin every time someone hands us a drink ? .  let us check into a hotel any time of day . .  upgrade the quality of public address systems in airports and on planes .
 hinckley not dangerous and should be released , lawyers say <sec> defense attorneys want john hinckley to be transitioned out of a mental hospital .  `` the hospital does n't know what mr. hinckley is thinking , '' the prosecutor says .  the hearing may determine whether to eventually free him from a mental hospital .  after john hinckley shot reagan , he was found not guilty by reason of insanit .
 mark mcgwire does n't get it <sec> jeff pearlman says mark mcgwire owed ( and delivered ) apology to roger maris ' wife , pat .  he says steroid user apologies have given a new , ignoble , meaning to `` manning up '' .  even costas ' questions could n't get mcgwire to show grasp of offense , he says .  pearlman : mcgwire still does n't see what he di .
 iranian president : isis killings are shameful <sec> new : rouhani on u.s. strikes : `` is it really possible to fight terrorism without ... .  sacrifice ? '' .  new : official : iran turned down invite from denmark minister to join u.s.-led anti-isis coalition .  new : iranian official says the coalition 's goal is to protect israel , state news reports .  iranian president hassan rouhani tells nbc that isis ' beheadings violate isla .
 letterman on post-9/11 show : 'i remember not wanting to go back ' <sec> `` late show '' host david letterman opens up about 9/11 , politics , fatherhood and more .  he said johnny carson inspired his career , calling his friendship `` a tremendous blessing '' .  letterman on `` top ten '' origin : `` it was a cheap , easy way to refill a category and get some laughs '' .  letterman on politics : `` for the record , i am a registered independent . .
 kerry : countries willing to aid strikes against isis <sec> countries inside and outside the region are willing to aid in strikes against isis , kerry said .  kerry admitted that airstrikes alone will not solve the challenge of defeating isis .  `` we 're not looking to put troops on the ground , '' kerry sai .
 fifa chief blatter : there is no on-field racism in football <sec> sepp blatter tells cnn world sport 's pedro pinto there is no on-field racism in football .  fifa president says players who are abused during a match should say `` it 's a game '' .  two high-profile cases involving racism allegations being dealt with in english game .  blatter underlines the work his organization has done to combat racis .
 michelle obama 's eye roll : what was she thinking ? <sec> president obama and house speaker boehner 's relationship has become contentious .  michelle obama was seated between the two at inauguration luncheon on monday .  first lady 's apparent eye roll while boehner was talking to her husband set internet abuzz .  tell us what you think she was thinkin .
 five years later , a distracted president struggles with the economy <sec> other issues take attention away from economic struggle .  obstinate house , threats of shutdowns , fears of starting war have been obstacles .  still , the deficit has been reduced , and the economy is improving .  white house report : `` we 've cleared away the rubble from the financial crisis .
 malala asks pakistani college to remove her name , official says <sec> official : girls at school newly named after the teen said they were afraid .  they fear naming the college after teen shot by taliban would make them a target .  malala yousafzai called official to say her name should be removed .  malala was attacked on her way to school october 9 by taliban gunme .
 thai police arrest another suspect in bangkok blasts <sec> an official identifies the suspect as madani seyed mehrded , 33 .  the attacks did not kill anyone .  the israeli prime minister blames tehran ; iran denies the accusatio .
 police find stash of 213 grenades buried in el salvador <sec> police say they found 213 anti-tank grenades buried underground .  they suspect the stash is connected with a cartel , possibly mexico 's zetas .  the grenades were manufactured in china and the united states , police sa .
 obama tells gop no compromise on tax rebates <sec> new : president tells leaders he will not compromise on tax rebate part of stimulus .  new : obama : `` feel free to whack me over the head '' because i wo n't compromise .  house expected to vote on economic package as early as wednesday .  analysis of bill estimates that about 64 percent would be put to use within two year .
 former israeli foreign minister leaves knesset <sec> tzipi livni leaves the knesset after losing her party leadership position last month .  she says the government is n't putting enough effort into making peace with the palestinians .  `` israel lives on the top of a volcano and the international clock is ticking , '' she say .
 hamilton produces 'phenomenal ' lap to claim british grand prix pole <sec> lewis hamilton on pole for british grand prix at silverstone .  edges out mercedes teammate nico rosberg by four tenths of a second .  world champion sebastian vettel third for red bull .  fernando alonso will start ninth on the gri .
 wikileaks : u.s. saw moscow mayor atop corrupt 'pyramid ' <sec> a u.s. embassy document describes moscow as a `` kleptocracy '' .  luzhkov was a political asset for russia 's ruling party .  businesses prefer paying off cops over gangsters , the document state .
 new jersey teen sneaks to top of 1 world trade center , police say <sec> justin casquejo , 16 , sneaked past security to the top of 1,776-foot building .  he was charged with a count of criminal trespass and one count of trespass .  on twitter , casquejo posted photos of himself hanging from a crane , standing on a roofto .
 opinion : liberals , stop whining and do something <sec> julian zelizer : liberal complaints about the tactics of the right accomplish nothing .  he says liberals should be looking for ways to pressure gop members in their districts .  if gop can normalize shutdowns , it will use tactic again and again , he says .  zelizer : moderate republicans might help push back against conservative .
 queen pardons alan turing , code-breaker castrated for homosexuality <sec> alan turing 's code-breaking is credited with helping to end world war ii .  he killed himself in 1954 after being chemically castrated for homosexual activity .  nearly 60 years later , he receives a posthumous royal pardon .  britain says the pardon is `` a fitting tribute to an exceptional man .
 robert gibbs is adviser , friend and mouthpiece for obama <sec> white house spokesman has more access to president than recent predecessors .  robert gibbs says he can walk in or call obama any time he has a question .  obama has praised gibbs ' willingness to challenge him , tell him he 's wrong .  gibbs known for using humor to deflect tough questions from medi .
 bush : rumors of u.s. bases in africa are 'baloney ' <sec> bush says u.s. has no plans for military bases in africa .  office in africa is possible as part of new africom command in u.s. military , he says .  africom , established last year , focuses on africa but is based in germany .  ghanaian president welcomes bush comments on base rumor .
 african hipsters take vintage fashion back to the future <sec> vintage clothes a hit with fashionistas across africa .  the quality , availability and price of vintage clothing is part of the appeal .  bloggers , designers , photographers and retailers are all part of the movement .  it 's not a trend , but a way of life , says namibian designer lourens gebhard .
 seeking a market for cheap 3-d printers <sec> new desktop 3-d printers are dropping in price and getting easier to use .  makers of the $ 200 makibox think there 's a market for `` good enough '' printers .  if more people get their hands on 3-d printing , interesting new uses could pop u .
 kansas city chiefs end green bay packers ' 19-game winning streak <sec> new : indianapolis colts win their first game of the season .  chiefs beat packers 19-14 at arrowhead stadium .  the packers were 13-0 this season and had won 19 straigh .
 marion bartoli retires from tennis - wimbledon champion reveals 'pain ' <sec> marion bartoli retires from tennis with immediate effect .  the frenchwoman made the announcement after losing to romania 's simona halep .  bartoli won the wimbledon title by beating sabine lisicki just six weeks ago .  the world no . .  7 says her body can no longer take the strain of professional tenni .
 to end the fiscal showdown , tax carbon <sec> jones and ellis-lamkins : a tax on carbon emissions could raise $ 1.25 trillion over 10 years .  carbon in the atmosphere costs u.s. an estimated $ 70 billion each year , they say .  unlike cutting medicare and social security , a carbon tax is a political winner , they say .  one study found the u.s. could create up to 1.7 million jobs with a carbon tax , they sa .
 in utah , judge 's ruling ignites same-sex marriage frenzy <sec> ruling is `` a travesty of justice , '' national organization for marriage president says .  laws `` demean the dignity of these same-sex couples for no rational reason , '' federal judge writes .  lawsuits were brought by three same-sex couples who want to marry .  decision strikes down a utah law approved by voters in 200 .
 marilyn monroe home movie surfaces <sec> copyright to film of marilyn monroe `` sitting around '' will be offered on ebay this week .  clip of film from 1950s shows marilyn monroe laughing on couch , smoking and drinking .  fbi agent told filmmaker about four-minute , silent 16 mm film during making of documentary .  keya morgan paid $ 275,000 for the rare glimpse into monroe 's unscripted moment .
 groups condemn sexual violence , 'reign of terror ' in ivory coast <sec> special representative on sexual violence warns of rapes used as 'political targeting ' .  white house meets with leaders from west african nations .  human rights campaign accuses ivory coast president laurent gbagbo of 'reign of terror .
 sisters of iowa politician mary wolfe found dead <sec> new : each died of a single gunshot wound to the head , medical examiner 's office says .  two sisters of iowa state rep. mary wolfe were found shot to death friday .  pittsburgh police have n't identified a motive for the shooting .
 rangers hit back in old firm derby <sec> rangers and celtic draw 1-1 in the old firm derby in scotland .  rangers stay seven points clear of celtic at top of scottish standings .  hearts and hibs draw 1-1 in bad-tempered edinburgh derby with two men sent of .
