 inside tehran 's transformer house <sec> architects in rian have design a house with rotating rooms .  sharifi-ha has three rooms that can open in summer and close in winter .  the design is inspired by traditional iranian houses that have different living rooms for the two season .
 surgeon tied to india sterilization deaths arrested <sec> dr. r. k. gupta is charged with negligence , attempted culpable homicide .  official : sterilization surgeries , use of some drugs halted in one district .  dr. gupta operated on 12 women at a mobile sterilization clinic who later died .  gupta says drugs the women were given after the surgeries led to their death .
 haye mocks 'fat ' solis after farcical klitschko defeat <sec> odlanier solis puts up farcical one-round challenge against vitali klitschko .  wbc heavyweight champion knocks out cuban after just three minutes of title defense .  wba champion david haye lost to solis as an amateur and says 30-year-old is fat .  soils may have to undergo surgery on his knee , which he injured during the bou .
 yale university preserves bin laden tapes <sec> yale university archiving 1,500 audio tapes recorded by osama bin laden .  collection includes recordings of everything from celebrations to bin laden 's poetry .  when done , the entire collection will be available to researchers and students .  cassettes found in bin laden 's afghanistan headquarters in 200 .
 2,000 snow geese drop dead from the sky in idaho <sec> the birds were on the return leg of their migration from the u.s. and mexico .  wildlife officials say they appear to have died of avian choler .
 camelot defeated by encke in st leger <sec> camelot fails in bid to win prestigious triple crown in st leger stakes at doncaster racecourse , england .  winner of this season 's 2,000 guineas and epsom derby beaten into second by encke , ridden by mickael barzalon .
 police : famu basketball player stabbed in the neck , killed <sec> police find shannon washington with a knife wound to the neck .  they arrest a friend who was visiting for the weekend .  authorities have not disclosed a motive .  university president : `` she had so much promise as a student athlete .
 brazilian court rules for new jersey dad in custody case <sec> sean goldman , 8 , to be turned over to u.s. consulate on wednesday .  sean 's parents divorced and mom moved him to brazil in 2004 .  mom died in childbirth in 2008 , leaving sean with stepfathe .
 sinkhole in florida swallows up house , threatens others <sec> a sinkhole pops up in the early morning hours in dunedin , florida .  a resident says he noticed his screened-in porch had fallen into the hole .  the sinkhole was at least 70 feet wide , 50 feet deep and growing .  it should be filled in soon , though some may not return to their home .
 gmail app for iphone debuts , disappears <sec> gmail mobile app is released , then pulled , from apple 's online store .  the app was made available for the iphone , ipad and ipod touch .  google said bugs broke the app 's notification system and caused error messages .  no word on when fixed gmail app will be release .
 lab-grown meat gives food for thought <sec> u.s. scientist says he is close to creating commercially available meat in a laboratory .  gabor forgacs is taking cells from a living animal and growing them into muscle tissue .  his first lab-grown product is going to be leather .  some experts question if there is a market for lab-grown mea .
 too tattooed to work ? <sec> report : 24 percent of americans ages 18 to 50 have at least one tattoo .  some companies have policies that require employees to conceal body art .  curious about a company 's policy ? .  visit the parking lot -- see how they dres .
 bush makes soft push for immigration reform <sec> bush made speech at a naturalization ceremony at his presidential library .  former president 's speech comes same day house gop discuss immigration reform .  in interview last week , bush said bill should be passed because system is broken .  bush tried and failed to get reform passed in his second term in offic .
 europe and america prepare for solheim cup showdown <sec> europe and the united states begin the 12th edition of golf 's solheim cup on friday .  the american women are aiming to win the title for a fourth successive time this weekend .  the action starts at the killeen castle resort in ireland with the opening fourball .
 veteran new york firefighter dies after high-rise blaze <sec> new : fire is ruled an accident from an electrical cord .  more than 100 firefighters responded to the high-rise blaze in brooklyn .  lt. gordon ambelas was looking for trapped residents in the high-ris .
 police : wally the green monster found <sec> `` it was just a big misunderstanding , '' said zineb curran , a boston red sox spokeswoman .  earlier friday , boston police put out a bulletin on twitter asking the public for help .  wally is named after the 37-foot green wall in left field of fenway park .  the red sox are currently in last place in the american league eas .
 obama needs a 'plan b ' on guns <sec> david frum : obama may not have votes for gun legislation to pass .  he says president 's `` plan b '' could be a surgeon general 's report on hazards of guns .  senate could hold hearings to ask gun manufacturers about actions they could take .  frum : why is n't the most dangerous consumer product in america being regulated .
 disgraced pakistani cricketers seek leniency in sentencing <sec> pakistani cricketers to be sentenced in london court on thursday .  salman butt and mohammad asif were found guilty of corruption on wednesday .  mohammad amir and agent mazhar majeed decided to pelad guilty .  they could face a possible nine-year jail term plus unlimited fine .
 george michael cancels shows over illness <sec> new : pop star george michael is `` on the mend , '' his representative says .  the singer has pneumonia , he announce .
 is egypt back where it was in 2011 ? <sec> egyptians are voting on a draft constitution that would give the military more power .  the referendum is expected to be followed by presidential and parliamentary elections .  khaled fahmy says egypt appears to be back where it was at the start of the revolution .  but he says if a military dictatorship tries to impose itself , street protests will retur .
 ryder cup : five things we learned from gleneagles <sec> europe retained the ryder cup after a resounding win over the u.s. in scotland .  it was europe 's third successive win in the biennial contest .  phil mickelson appeared to question the methods of u.s. captain tom watson in press conference .  watson previously captained the u.s. team in 199 .
 va state players beat wssu quarterback , post season canceled <sec> vsu football team ineligible for post-season play .  vsu players beat wssu quarterback during awards luncheon .  vsu player arrested on assault charges .  championship weekend cancele .
 nasa astronomer immortalizes malala with asteroid name <sec> astrophysicist amy mainzer says she was was touched by malala 's story of determination .  mainzer also works on educating children about scienc .
 thousands in argentina protest crime <sec> buenos aires rally is largest of various anti-crime protests across argentina .  at least three police officers killed in recent weeks .  argentina 's president has faced criticism for not doing enough to combat crim .
 yoga instructor brings relaxation into hong kong workplaces <sec> dario calvaruso , 39 , teaches yoga classes in a different kind of studio -- the office .  he spent 15 years in india studying yoga before moving to hong kong .  corporate wellness is still a developing concept in hong kong .  managers do n't always see the link between staff well-being and company profit .
 despite 12-hour meeting , no deal reached in nba lockout <sec> both sides agree to meet thursday .  `` we ca n't say there was significant progress made today , '' derek fisher says .  the league 's owners began a lockout of players in early jul .
 ex-san diego mayor pleads guilty to all three charges <sec> new : under plea deal , bob filner would serve three years of probation , receiving treatment .  new : filner would also forfeit pension benefits since date of first offense , march 6 .  new : filner would be prohibited from ever holding office again .  new : filner 's conduct was 'criminal ' and 'extreme abuse of power , ' attorney general say .
 iraqi technicians dismantling hussein 's nuclear plants <sec> complex at the center of saddam hussein 's nuclear efforts slowly being dismantled .  cleanup could take decades : tuwaitha complex has 18 facilities .  dismantling at tuwaitha made more difficult because of bombing , looting .  iraq began attempting to produce enriched uranium during the iran-iraq war in the 1980 .
 mohamed bouazizi : a fruit seller 's legacy to the arab people <sec> tunisian mohamed bouazizi self-immolated catalyzing a series of revolutions across middle east and north africa .  middle east expert : bouzizi 's legacy may be birth of new democratic tunisia .  salman shaikh : the unique form of governance emerging in tunisia could be a model for whole regio .
 flow of refugees fleeing kyrgyzstan slows down , but crisis remains <sec> new : more gunfire heard in osh .  uzbekistan concerned that it has had no official contact with kyrgyzstan .  red cross estimates that there are also 60,000 internally displaced peopl .
 two california deputies killed in shooting rampage <sec> new : suspects are in police custody .  new : placer county sheriff ids deputy killed as michael david davis jr . .  sacramento deputy danny oliver , a 15-year officer , also is killed .  a civilian motorist is shot during a failed carjackin .
 quran does n't call for stoning , experts insist <sec> adultery is only crime that carries penalty of stoning in iran .  under letter of islamic law , it 's nearly impossible to prove adultery , researcher says .  only handful of nations have laws calling for stoning .  it was banned under the secularized shahs of ira .
 in wake of twister , kansas town is rebuilding green <sec> greensburg rebuilds `` green '' after tornado demolished 90 percent of the town .  long-term goal is to have 100 percent renewable energy .  the city hopes to open a biodiesel facility as one of its first green newcomers .  nonprofit expert says terrible tragedy `` also provided an incredible opportunity .
 no one connected the dots on terror plot <sec> former national security adviser frances townsend : it 's crucial to review what went wrong .  she says agencies failed to put together intelligence that pointed to plot to blow up plane .  americans and intelligence community ca n't afford to be complacent , she say .
 connecticut fire victims died from trauma , smoke inhalation <sec> two grandparents and their 3 grandchildren died in the blaze .  lomer johnson fell through roof rafters while apparently trying to get a child out .  the fire is thought to have been caused by smoldering fireplace ember .
 showgirls to hang up headdresses as famed show closes <sec> les folies bergere show in las vegas to close after 50 years .  curtain at tropicana resort on the strip goes down for last time march 28 .  show , imported from paris , opened on christmas eve 1959 .  it was known for its leggy , topless dancers wearing huge feathered headdresse .
 former captain conte takes charge of ailing juventus <sec> antonio conte takes charge of serie a giants juventus .  conte replaces luigi delneri after a second successive seventh place finish for juve .  former italian international conte played for juventus for 13 year .
 attorney : haleigh cummings ' father filing for divorce <sec> haleigh cummings ' father plans to file for divorce from the girl 's stepmother .  haleigh went missing from father 's home in satsuma , florida , on february 9 .  misty cummings was ronald cummings ' girlfriend when haleigh went missing .  investigators said they think misty cummings has not told them everythin .
 it 's too early for christmas music , canadian drugstore chain says <sec> when should stores start on the christmas season ? .  for one canadian drugstore chain , the first week in november is too soon .  after hearing complaints from customers , it pulled christmas music from stores across canad .
 three years later , no sign of missing family <sec> mcstay family went missing nearly three years ago .  surveillance video shows four people of similar size crossing into mexico .  relatives dispute author 's claim that wife was involved in disappearanc .
 classic 1950s silver arrow back on track <sec> the silver arrow has an important place in mercedes history .  f1 legend juan manual fangio won the 1955 italian grand prix in the classic w196 .  57 years later , china grand prix winner rosberg drives car ahead at hockenheim .  seven-time world champ michael schumacher will drive 2011 silver arrow mgp w0 .
 world cup : a quick guide to brazil vs. germany <sec> brazil , without neymar , is the unlikely underdog .  if he scores , klose becomes highest goal scorer in cup history .  brazil has committed more fouls than any other team .  referee for match is the man who did n't notice suarez bit .
 mystery drive : tour offers cab rides to who knows where <sec> a new tour in taipei , taiwan , allows tourists to do four-hour ride-alongs in local taxis .  tourists go wherever local fares hire the cabs to go .  the appeal is going to unexpected locations and meeting chatty locals .  one english tourist was invited to a taiwanese family dinner by a passenger in his tax .
 ultimate heli-ski in british columbia <sec> the highest peak in the coast mountains is mt . .  waddington at 4,019 meters .  coast mountain 's rugged landscape doubled for the himalayas in feature films `` seven years in tibet '' and `` kundun '' .  guests at pantheon heli ranch can ski uncharted terrain then name the new ru .
 opinion : after kony , should kids decide our morals ? <sec> keen : tens of millions of innocent kids have found a new jerusalem to liberate .  keen : all it takes to join the crusade is a click of a mouse and $ 15 .  millions have watched the `` kony2012 '' movie spotlighting the horrors of joseph kony .  keen : should we trust children to make moral decisions with minimal world experience .
 army rangers , medic arrested on drug , firearms charges <sec> arrests made after atf agents set up a sting operation .  affidavit : atf `` became aware '' some soldiers wanted to rob dealers of their cocaine .  the investigation began in november .  the army rangers are an elite light infantry fighting forc .
 u.n. : gbagbo 's forces regain parts of ivory coast 's main city <sec> new : human rights watch blames both sides for `` serious abuses '' .  the u.n. peacekeeping chief accuses gbagbo 's forces of a `` trick '' .  he says they used a lull in fighting to reinforce their positions .  the u.n. may use force if gbagbo rival ouattara 's hotel is attacke .
 secret allergy triggers -- revealed ! <sec> household items such as candles , wall paint , carpet may cause allergy symptoms .  dust mites live in bedding and stuffed animals , irritating 15 percent of americans .  mold can grow on christmas trees , household plants causing allergic reactio .
 four british soldiers die in afghanistan in a day <sec> 4 british soldiers die in one day in separate attacks in afghanistan .  deaths happened in three incidents in the southern helmand province .  two soldiers were killed in a suicide bombing during a patrol in geresh .
 sudanese president seeks 'brotherly relations ' with south sudan <sec> president omar al-bashir will visit south sudan when it marks its independence .  south sudan is to become the world 's newest country on saturda .
 european christmas markets rich with history <sec> copenhagen 's tivoli gardens glitters with lights during the market .  advent markets have been held for hundreds of years .  handmade crafts , local snacks and mulled wine are typica .
 snowe retirement a blow to senate 's 'sensible center ' <sec> sen. olympia snowe , r-maine , surprised political world with her decision not to run again . .  `` i think she lost hope , '' a fellow senate republican said . .  snowe is the latest in a string of senate centrists to announce retirement . .  despite departures , some centrists remain including sen. mark warner , d-virginia .
 'tears of joy to utter heartbreak : ' teen player 's mom has stroke in stands <sec> leo klink , 17 , leads his kalani falcons soccer team to a hawaii state championship .  amid the celebration , he learns devastating news about his mother 's health .  leo `` is such an amazing role model , '' longtime coach say .
 olympic swimming legend michael phelps to make comeback <sec> greatest olympian of all time set to come out of retirement .  phelps scheduled to appear at event in arizona later this month .  `` baltimore bullet '' re-entered u.s. drug testing program last yea .
 j.k. rowling 's reply to critic of gay dumbledore <sec> a harry potter fan took to social media to say she did n't see dumbledore as gay .  author j.k. rowling 's quick response won the day on twitte .
 'european olympics ' to be held in 2015 <sec> azerbaijan 's capital baku to host the first european games in 2015 .  european olympic committees ' 49 members vote to launch the event .  the eoc says it has `` plenty of technical details to decide '' .  the games will be in same year as athletics and swimming world .
 brett favre 's record of consecutive starts in jeopardy <sec> quarterback brett favre has two fractures .  favre holds the record for most consecutive starts in the nfl at 291 .  he made headlines recently after allegations that he sent explicit pictures to a jets employe .
 malala 's recovery crosses key threshold <sec> former british prime minister gordon brown welcomes malala yousafzai 's release .  she will continue to receive treatment as an outpatient , the hospital says .  the 15-year-old will probably undergo cranial reconstructive surgery in the next month .  she was shot by taliban gunmen for promoting education for girl .
 multi-camera sitcoms dominate in ratings <sec> multi-camera sitcoms like `` two and a half men '' seem to be dominating ratings this fall .  scott sedita , an acting coach , says that multi-camera sitcoms offer an invitation to laugh .  ed baker , a tv critic , says that no one would call sitcoms like `` seinfeld '' unsophisticated .  todd vanderwerff says single-camera sitcom writers need to return to the multi-camera forma .
 introducing cnn 's change the list <sec> change the list is a new cnn journalism experiment .  current project : bumping hawaii off the bottom of the u.s. voter turnout list .  stories will focus on creating change where it 's needed most .  the project is led by john d. sutter from cnn digita .
 embattled toronto mayor rob ford withdraws from race <sec> doug ford says he 's honoring his brother rob 's request to run for mayor .  rob ford withdraws from mayoral race after tumor is found .  it 's not known if the tumor is malignant or how it will be treated .  the mayor has been dogged by his substance abus .
 guangzhou 's 'cosmic ' opera house <sec> opera house was designed by pritzker prize winner , zaha hadid .  took more than five years to build and opened in may 2010 .  water from pearl river is used in the cooling system .
 damaged kidney removed from one recipient , thrives in another <sec> transplant recipient ray fearing donates his failing transplanted kidney to another patient .  for the first time a failing transplanted kidney has thrived in a new recipient , says doctor .  it allows the new recipient to resume his work as a cardiovascular surgeon .  `` it 's amazing stuff , it really is , '' says president of the national kidney foundatio .
 hariri 'will not shy away ' from lebanese pm post <sec> saad hariri hopes to finish what his father , rafik hariri , never had a chance to do .  hariri 's coalition retained control this week despite challenge from hezbollah alliance .  hariri : u.s. will play a key role in efforts to attain peace in the middle eas .
