 israel declares unilateral cease-fire in gaza <sec> new : cease-fire in gaza fighting to begin at 2 a.m. sunday .  new : chief palestinian negotiator says truce wo n't stand unless israel leaves gaza .  new : `` i do not suggest that hamas or other terrorist organizations try us , '' pm says .  two children killed in israeli artillery attack at a u.n. school north of gaza cit .
 burberry battles to keep downturn in check <sec> christopher bailey , burberry 's creative director spoke to cnn .  burberry has recently opened new headquarters and children 's store in london .  `` we think about the world recession , but it helps us focus , '' said baile .
 does the new 'exodus ' movie whitewash the bible ? <sec> critics say the new movie `` exodus '' has a `` race problem '' .  the race of the ancient egyptians has been controversial for more than 200 years .  american slave owners insisted egyptians were white ; historians are n't so sur .
 iran nuclear official says iaea can inspect new plant <sec> new : news agency : islamic revolutionary guard corps plans `` missile exercises '' .  head of iran 's atomic energy program says u.n. experts can inspect plant .  iran told iaea there is no nuclear material at the site , iaea spokesman says .  u.s. has known about unfinished site since bush administration , officials sa .
 faith groups launch campaign to counter controversial 'defeat jihad ' ad <sec> the `` defeat jihad '' ad is displayed in several new york subway stations .  jewish and christian groups buy new ads , touting religious tolerance .  some are already up ; others go up on monda .
 school hostage suspect dies ; motive still unknown , police say <sec> the suspect dies from a self-inflicted gunshot wound .  police identify him as 15-year-old samuel hengel .  police say incident began earlier than previously thought .  duffel bag contained more ammunition for both weapon .
 saudi arabia to inject $ 3 billion into lebanese army <sec> the lebanese army will get $ 3 billion from saudi arabia , says lebanon state news agency .  the money could buy weapons from france , according to a statement .  lebanon 's army is not as well equipped as hezbollah , which is headquartered in lebanon .  hezbollah has been supporting syrian government in civil wa .
 ghanaians prepare for election challenge ruling <sec> ghanaian supreme court set to rule on massive presidential election challenge .  decision could remove president mahama from office .  calls for calm and unity sweeping west african country .  massive nationwide interest in crucial decisio .
 ex-italian pm berlusconi gets 4-year prison term for tax fraud <sec> former italian prime minister silvio berlusconi calls sentence `` political '' .  he is likely to appeal the sentence handed down by a milan court .  he resigned as prime minister in november over his country 's debt crisis .  berlusconi has survived a series of legal cases over the year .
 'geezer bandit ' wanted in string of bank robberies <sec> `` geezer bandit '' may have robbed up to 11 banks .  robber believed to be at least 60 years old .  robberies have taken place in southern californi .
 fbi seizes letter from jackie kennedy to rfk 's widow <sec> fbi trying to determine who owns letter written by jackie kennedy in 1968 .  letter passed from collector to collector , but widow says she gave it to no one .  letter found among papers of russell nuckols , who died in 1999 , son says .  son thomas nuckols told authorities he found it among the papers left by his fathe .
 report : 'high-risk behavior ' contributes to rising army suicide rate <sec> new : mother of soldier says families need clearer access to resources .  study concludes commanders need to be attentive to soldiers ' behavior .  `` high-risk behavior '' was deemed a factor in many army suicides .  report : commanders should realize that troops with problems should not deplo .
 eyewitnesses recount israel flotilla raid <sec> passenger says shots were fired before israeli commandos boarded ship .  israel says its forces started shooting after passengers assaulted them .  zoabi said she saw five dead bodies during the hour-long military operation .  another witness said a bag was placed over her hea .
 biden , ryan in combative exchange , but call it a draw <sec> new : a snap cnn/orc international poll shows paul ryan with slight edge , but result statistically even .  ryan slams the obama administration on libya , iran and the economy .  vice president joe biden fights back , criticizing republican claims as untrue .  the kentucky debate was the only one between the vice presidential candiate .
 who are the seals ? <sec> same seal unit involved in osama bin laden raid did somalia rescue .  somalia operation was latest in long storied seal history .  navy seals have their origins in world war ii .  force known for being jack-of-all trades capabl .
 676 arrested , tons of drugs seized in u.s. bust of mexican cartels <sec> law enforcement agencies work together to target mexican drug cartel operations in the u.s . .  $ 12 million , 282 weapons , 94 vehicles , 40,000 pounds of pot , 467 kilos of cocaine seized .  the coordinated bust began wednesday and targeted operations around the u.s . .  it comes a week and a half after a u.s. agent was killed while working in mexic .
 islamist abdelmonen abol fotoh appeals to broad spectrum in egypt <sec> abdelmonen abol fotoh is backed by egyptians from the right and left .  a moderate islamist , he has a long history of opposition to the mubarak regime .  he was suspended from the muslim brotherhood when he decided to run for president .  abol fotoh says he wants to tackle corruption , ensure progress toward democrac .
 eu to launch first anti-piracy operation <sec> eu force will take over the role of escorting u.n. world food program vessels .  role includes `` protection of vulnerable vessels cruising off the somali coast '' .  pirates have attacked almost 100 vessels off somalia 's coast this year .  warships from u.s. , india , russia and malaysia also patrol regio .
 fed up with violence , ukrainian police commander switches sides <sec> police commander leads his officers from western ukraine to kiev .  `` we can not tolerate this any longer , '' the commander says of scenes of violence .  `` some police officers have committed crimes , '' vassily krikowsky say .
 opposition : saturday is deadliest day in syrian civil war <sec> new : at least 330 people are reported dead , including more than 200 bodies found in and around damascus .  new : with one week left to go , august is already the deadliest month in syria 's 17-month crisis .  syrian government : armed forces `` continue pursuing terrorists in aleppo '' .  turkish foreign minister : `` no regime fighting its own people can survive long .
 anti-whaling activists say they were attacked by japanese ships <sec> new : australia says japan needs to stop aggressive whaling `` once and for all '' .  new : australia and japan are threatening to take the issue to court .  new : each side claims the others ' ships rammed theirs .  environmental groups face off each year with japan 's whaling vessel .
 uk lawyer set to file phone hacking claims in u.s . <sec> lawyer mark lewis says he is about to take action in the u.s. on behalf of 3 clients .  one of those clients is a u.s. citizen , he says .  lewis represents dozens of people in the uk who say their phones were hacked by murdoch papers .  the phone hacking scandal led to the closure of the uk 's news of the world newspape .
 florida officials re-examine anna nicole smith 's death <sec> broward county , florida , prosecutors taking new look at death of anna nicole smith .  ex-playboy playmate found dead in florida hotel room in february 2007 .  coroner : smith died of accidental overdose of prescription drugs .  smith 's boyfriend , two doctors charged recently in california drug cas .
 boston bombing suspect 's lawyers ask court to strike hospital statements <sec> dzhokar tsarnaev 's attorneys want a court to suppress comments he made in a hospital .  in a motion , lawyers say bombing suspect begged for rest and requested a lawyer at least 10 times .  tsarnaev , 20 , is accused of planting bombs at the finish line of the 2013 boston marathon .  his trial is set for early november , with the government seeking the death penalt .
 opinion : root for ole miss this weekend <sec> ole miss football players reportedly heckle a performance of `` the laramie project '' .  john sutter : it would be nice if we could laugh at such stupidity ; but we ca n't yet .  the solution is to give the football players a chance to change , sutter says .  sutter : one way to do that is by supporting ole miss and its tea .
 former mexican senator reported missing <sec> new : discarded items were found outside ex-senator 's car ; inside were traces of blood .  new : federal attorney general 's office has declined to call the case a kidnapping .  diego fernandez de cevallos ramos , a former mexican senator , is missing .  ex-senator was last seen on the ranch of his home , notimex news agency report .
 texas art student 's slaying flies under media radar <sec> samantha michelle nance , 20 , stabbed to death in texas .  she was a third-year student at art institute of dallas .  nance 's case has received little attention outside dalla .
 girls victimized by taliban find safe haven to learn <sec> schoolgirls victims of fighting between pakistani soldiers and taliban in swat valley .  a retreat in islamabad gives 26 girls a safe haven to learn .  a student from stanford university is helping lead the retrea .
 egypt 's muslims support coptic christians on religious holiday <sec> police beef up security around churches .  coptic christians make up 9 percent of egyptian population .  a bombing kills 23 congregants in the country 's nort .
 documents : teens ' killer stalked others <sec> officials say john albert gardner iii followed girl , 11 , but was scared off .  gardner admitted killing chelsea king , 17 , and amber dubois , 14 .  jogger who was attacked also identified gardner , documents show .  probation report reveals details of earlier sexual assault of teenage neighbo .
 suspected tornado touches down in ohio <sec> powerful storm damages ohio state university satellite campus .  buildings , residences damaged in wooste .
 paramedic on michael jackson call : doctor 's story 'did n't add up ' <sec> new : michael jackson appeared dead when ambulance arrived , witness says .  new : paramedic testifies dr. conrad murray said he was treating jackson for dehydration .  paris jackson cried `` daddy ! '' .  as murray tried to revive her dad , witness says .  murray delayed calling 911 for 21 minutes , prosecutor say .
 what kind of leader do you want ? results are in <sec> four out of five say boundary-pushing visionaries make the best leaders .  one in seven think financial expertise is the best attribute .  75 % of those who voted in the facebook survey were male .  less than one in 50 think a military commander makes the best leade .
 excommunicated doctor hailed for abortion on child rape victim <sec> report : doctor who performed abortion on child rape victim praised at event .  brazilian law bans abortion except in cases of rape .  catholic church excommunicated doctor , along with child 's mother , medical team .  archbishop says child was not excommunicate .
 some creatures great and small -- and disappearing <sec> only an estimated 150 iberian lynx remain .  human activity is endangering many animals .  experts say situation is redeemabl .
 retired principal wins record mega millions jackpot <sec> retired school principal wins $ 326 million mega millions jackpot .  harold diamond , 80 , credits his wife for the win .  he bought the ticket after they pulled over for something to eat during bad weathe .
 why are politicians playing doctor ? <sec> ford vox : florida law keeps doctors from talking gun safety with patients ; arizona law forces doctors to promote disputed abortion claim .  he says doctor organizations are failing to defend medical profession against politically motivated interference by clueless lawmaker .
 california bill would free more than 27,000 inmates <sec> california senate oks bill to allow early release of 27,000 inmates .  state assembly will take up measure , which would save $ 524 million , on monday .  democratic senate official says changes would protect public from violent offenders .  senate republicans call the legislation a threat to public safet .
 atf lost dozens of weapons , laptops , audit shows <sec> bureau of alcohol , tobacco , firearms and explosives lost 76 weapons , report says .  35 of those were stolen , including two later used in crimes , says inspector general .  atf ca n't account for 418 laptops ; many could hold classified material , report says .  atf says it 's changing its procedures for dealing with missing weapons , laptop .
 hagel refused to hold off resignation - cnnpolitics.com <sec> defense secretary chuck hagel refused to wait for his replacement before announcing his resignation .  the white house had hoped he would hold off until this week .  hagel 's frustrations with micromanagement led to his early departur .
 cnn student news transcript : summer show - july 1 , 2011 <sec> cnn student news is producing special , web-only shows all summer long .  this week , we explore a week-long conference called leadership unplugged .  the program introduces high school students to the world of journalis .
 crohn 's disease means lifelong battle <sec> more than 1 million people in the united states have crohn 's .  patients face ever-changing complications .  those with crohn 's include olympian carrie johnso .
 the street kids turned acrobats : helping zambia 's homeless children <sec> barefeet theatre uses performing arts to engage with street children in zambia .  the group puts together events and art workshops to help kids participate in creative activities .  the group 's performances culminate in its annual 10-day youth arts festiva .
 whitney houston 's daughter 'fighting for her life ' <sec> whitney houston 's daughter experienced seizures on monday , a source says .  bobbi kristina brown was found in a bathtub full of water over the weekend at her home .  her mother was found dead in a bathtub at a california hotel in 201 .
 facts ? shmacts . it 's only a movie <sec> gene seymour : `` lincoln '' error on emancipation vote shines light on how films tell history .  he says oscar chances for `` argo , '' `` zero dark thirty '' may be hurt after facts questioned .  he says films have long gotten history wrong but are useful in showing society 's perceptions .  seymour : it 's art , not history , sometimes a vision , something we wish had been or could b .
 arrest made in espn reporter 's voyeur video case <sec> chicago man accused of secretly videotaping espn reporter erin andrews in nude .  authorities say andrews was filmed through peephole in hotel rooms .  videos were later posted on internet , according to fbi .  michael david barrett faces interstate stalking charge , authorities sa .
 abhisit vejjajiva : talking politics with thailand 's pm <sec> abhisit is thailand 's third prime minister in four months , youngest in 60 years .  leader of democrat party since 2005 , now leads coalition government .  career politician who was educated at eton and oxford university in the u .
 real madrid capture coentrao <sec> real madrid have completed the signing of portugal defender fabio coentrao .  coentrao will join from benfica for a fee believed to be in the region of $ 43 million .  new : manchester city have announced the arrival of stefan savic from partizan belgrad .
 aid workers scramble to help vanuatu after cyclone pam <sec> situation is `` worse than the worst-case scenario , '' oxfam says .  homes , hospital , schools and churches all damaged , aid group reports .  aid officials and supplies start to arrive in vanuatu 's capital from australi .
 tv station wins fight to air terror suspect interview <sec> cincinnati reporter interviews christopher cornell on the phone .  cornell is accused of plotting an attack on the u.s. capitol .  cornell claims to have ties to isi .
 cnn poll : majority think government poses threat to citizens ' rights <sec> poll : 56 percent think federal government is a threat to freedoms of ordinary citizens .  survey indicates partisan divide on the issue .  americans overwhelmingly think u.s. government is broken , survey say .
 the daughter of a hero , suu kyi became myanmar 's symbol of hope <sec> aung san suu kyi is released saturday .  she has been under house arrest for much of the past two decades .  she has defiantly challenged the authority of the military junta .  she likens myanmar 's plight to south african aparthei .
 at home with 'portlandia ' star carrie brownstein <sec> rocker turned `` portlandia '' star carrie brownstein shows off her portland bungalow .  a basement full of guitars is a favorite spot for brownstein and co-star fred armisen .  brownstein is burned out on cutsy bird silhouettes , thanks to an episode of `` portlandia .
 us airways plane blows tire on takeoff in philadelphia , comes to stop <sec> new : fire commissioner : 1 went to hospital with a minor injury , 1 with a minor illness .  new : after the evacuation , passengers complained about the cold , fire official says .  us airways flight 1702 was leaving philadelphia 's airport , destined for fort lauderdale .  airline spokesman : it blew a tire on takeoff , leading to passengers ' evacuatio .
 protesters march for peace in ukraine <sec> the ukrainian army regains full control of the donetsk airport , spokesman says .  government forces and pro-russia rebels have been battling since apri .
 wikileaks begins releasing trove of u.s. diplomatic messages <sec> wikileaks begins an `` unprecedented '' release of u.s. cables .  documents detail u.s. `` backroom deals '' and spying , wikileaks says .  congressional leaders join white house condemnation of wikileaks .  wikileaks says it is under cyberattack , but documents are already distribute .
 sahara desert deaths : 92 perish in niger after vehicle breakdowns <sec> bodies of 92 people have been found in the sahara desert , say security officials .  niger 's northern desert has become a major transit area for migrants , says group .  the migrants , almost all of them women and children , died of dehydration .  niger , one of the poorest countries in the world , has a fast-growing populatio .
 u.s. to continue military aid to lebanon <sec> acting commander of u.s. central command in lebanon to discuss security crisis .  at least 62 died last week after battles between govt . .  forces , anti-govt . .  militants .  discussions centered on continued u.s. military assistance to lebanese army .  the violence is the worst to hit lebanon since the end of its civil war in 199 .
 the biggest reveals in the 'walking dead ' finale <sec> sunday night 's episode had some gasp-worthy moments .  last week several survivors arrived at a safe haven .  the road to terminus is a rough on .
 tiny flying robots ! meet the quadrotor <sec> at penn lab , researchers have created small aerial robots .  the quadrotor takes commands but is programmed to decide how to do them .  a youtube video of quadrotors playing the james bond theme reached millions .  they were used in post-earthquake japan to investigate damaged building .
 norwegian sentenced to prison after she files rape claim in dubai <sec> marte deborah dalelv says she was sentenced to prison in dubai after reporting she was raped .  the norwegian alleges she was attacked by a colleague after a night out on work trip .  norway 's foreign minister tells uae her conviction `` is contrary to fundamental human rights '' .  dubai police and uae authorities have not responded to cnn 's requests for commen .
 leaders of iran , syria stand united against u.s. influence <sec> iran 's ahmadinejad , syria 's assad pledge mutual support .  u.s. recently sent ambassador to syria for first time in five years .  clinton interferes in the two nations ' relations , ahmadinejad says .  u.s. policy is contradictory , assad say .
 obama wants 'inclusive ' iraqi government - cnnpolitics.com <sec> obama says iraq 's leaders must come up with a political solution .  he pledges 'there wo n't be a military solution ' for iraq 's crisis .  he wants to see an inclusive democracy for sunnis , kurds , shiite .
 why to buy snow tires <sec> snow tires really are better than all-season tires in snowy areas .  all-wheel drive can give suv owners false sense of security .  get snow tires for all four wheels , even if car is two-wheel driv .
