 bob geldof : ebola threatening state collapse <sec> an outbreak of the ebola virus in west africa has killed more than 4,400 people since march .  campaigner and musician bob geldof says immediate action is needed to stop the crisis .  geldof says ebola 's spread is linked to poverty in the worst affected countries .  he warns affected states could collapse , allowing ebola and `` human evils '' to take hol .
 mosaic in israel shows biblical samson <sec> the ancient synagogue is in israel 's galilee region .  samson is a well-known bible figure .  the samson scene is straight from the book of judges .  another shows a hebrew inscriptio .
 mccartney glad he and lennon repaired friendship <sec> paul mccartney on john lennon 's death : `` it was just a huge shock '' .  lennon was killed 34 years ago monday .  mccartney was glad the pair repaired their friendship before lennon 's deat .
 local officials : 1 of 2 abducted u.s. service members killed <sec> new : two u.s. sailors missing , navy confirms .  afghan official says body of killed service member has been found .  u.s. military officials say the two went missing in kabul .  afghan official says he learned of the death from local .
 sri lanka : rebel command center seized <sec> sri lanka news agency says government jets bombarded rebel transit camp .  defense ministry says rebels killing civilians .  reported capture is latest in a series of claimed government successe .
 sochi 2014 : winter olympics by the numbers <sec> new : fans have come from 124 countries , organizers say .  new : 13,477 media personnel are covering the games .  the sochi winter olympics are expected to cost at least $ 50 billion .  the games are guarded by about 37,000 security officer .
 birmingham city owner carson yeung jailed 6 years for money laundering <sec> owner of british soccer club birmingham city carson yeung jailed for 6 years .  54-year-old businessman was found guilty of laundering us $ 93 million between 2001 and 2007 .  the hong kong tycoon acquired the british soccer club in 2009 in $ 130 million takeover .  yeung said in his trial that he accumulated the money through businesses , stock trading and gamblin .
 why china wo n't turn the other cheek over foreign policy <sec> china appears to toughen its foreign policy to match its economic might .  beijing uses perceived provocations to assert itself .  examples of conflicts with japan , philippines , vietna .
 spain cracks down on fake business and benefits scam <sec> spanish police have arrested 750 people after a nationwide investigation into fake businesses .  the crackdown comes as part of a year-long probe into benefit fraud , which has cost $ 64 million .  policy say investigation uncovered 4,000 crimes of document and other fraud of public fund .
 ex-saudi ambassador : kingdom could have helped u.s. prevent 9/11 <sec> prince bandar bin sultan : u.s. did not engage saudis in serious , credible way .  all but four of september 11 hijackers were saudi nationals .  u.s. official : bandar 's comments should be taken `` with a grain of salt '' .  bandar was the saudi ambassador to washington for nearly 22 year .
 intriguing people for january 14 , 2010 <sec> 36-year-old doctor , health administrator takes lead on u.s. effort in haiti .  televangelist says haitian pact with satan brought on deadly earthquake .  race to fill ted kennedy 's senate seat comes down to the wir .
 iraqi journalist shot dead in baghdad <sec> mohammed bdaiwi , baghdad bureau chief of radio free iraq , shot and killed in baghdad .  military guard is reported to have opened fire after an argument .  bdaiwi was also an author and professor at a university in the iraqi capita .
 all you need is love -- and a beatles degree <sec> british university says its masters degree in the beatles is a world first .  course supervisor says academic study of the fab four is long overdue .  lecturer miles brocken says beatles ma will boost career prospect .
 new illinois law allows undocumented immigrants to get driver 's licenses <sec> illinois governor signs law that may affect 250,000 who do n't have visa or green card .  immigrants who pass a driver 's test and have insurance can get a driver 's license .  bipartisan backers say the law bolsters safety , economy and `` hard-working immigrants '' .  signing comes as debate about federal immigration reform continues in washingto .
 agency : 4th protester to die in bahrain may have been tortured <sec> new : a fourth person dies in bahrain police custody .  new : human rights watch says the body showed apparent signs of torture .  human rights watch says as many as 430 people have been arrested .  an official says police had to stop protesters who were harming the econom .
 sony : playstation 4 unveiling not coming soon <sec> sony 's deputy president says the playstation 4 will not be announced at e3 .  e3 is a giant trade show for the video game industry .  sony is focused on deploying and supporting its playstation vita hand-hel .
 freed gitmo prisoner considers suing u.s . <sec> pakistani citizen was taken into u.s. custody in january 2002 .  muhammad saad iqbal accuses handlers at guantanamo bay of beating him .  iqbal reportedly arrested after talking about making a shoe bomb .  u.s. attorney says lawsuit is under consideratio .
 u.s. envoy to press israel on two-state solution with palestinians <sec> george mitchell to meet with israel 's prime minister benjamin netanyahu .  netanyahu has not explicitly said he supports palestinian statehood .  israel 's foreign minister has said annapolis peace process is `` null and void '' .  israeli president shimon peres meets with mitchell , supports dialogue with ira .
 marussia f1 : car was not a factor in de villota crash <sec> marussia f1 team rules out car as cause of maria de villota 's crash .  de villota lost her right eye following a crash at a test event this month .  the spaniard needed two operations after hitting a stationary truck .  the 32-year-old is one of just two female drivers contracted to an f1 tea .
 sweet satisfaction : five chocolate tours <sec> san francisco chocolate walking tours are offered three times a week .  tickets for new york chocolate tours run $ 70 to $ 80 .  a luxury paris tour takes visitors on a weeklong chocolate adventur .
 carrie underwood on getting glamorous <sec> singer carrie underwood uses lotion more than perfume .  she counts calories , fat and fiber ; cheese is her downfall .  singer loves to play with makeu .
 alonso reveals ferrari 's new approach <sec> fernando alonso confident that ferrari can return to winning ways in 2012 .  spanish driver and teammate felipe massa finished fourth and sixth this year .  alonso says the design of the team 's new race car will be less conservativ .
 hoax victim arrested after flight lands in dallas <sec> hoax victim arrested on unrelated charges in texas .  `` this was hoax and a pretty nasty trick was played on this passenger , '' police say .  making false calls affecting a commercial airline is a federal offense .  authorities say they expect the caller to be prosecute .
 l.a. braces for massive michael jackson memorial <sec> elizabeth taylor and debbie rowe , jackson 's former wife , not attending memorial .  musicians , famed athletes slated for michael jackson memorial .  private gathering expected to be held at 8 a.m. pt tuesda .
 cnn student news transcript : august 17 , 2010 <sec> consider a controversy surrounding a proposed islamic center near ground zero .  examine how china 's economy might soon become the second largest in the world .  take the field to learn how a college football program tries to beat the heat .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 will the real shinzo abe emerge ? <sec> shinzo abe 's recovery strategy aims to reflate the economy and boost consumption .  there is widespread concern that abe will have a tough time enacting bold structural reforms .  but anything less than audacious will disappoint markets , says kingston .  kingston says abe must also tread carefully with his ideological , nationalist inclination .
 sterling asked : what has magic johnson done ? answer : quite a lot <sec> donald sterling targets magic johnson in racist rants .  sterlings latest comments come in a cnn interview .  johnson has a $ 500 million business empire .  his foundation has raised million .
 la . judge says child who accidentally shot grandmother can live at home <sec> the 87-year-old woman was caring for her grandson , 8 .  the child fired what he thought was a toy gun , authorities say .  louisiana law does not charge children under 10 in crimes .  a judge says the child can continue living at home , get counselin .
 protesters hit syrian streets as report describes torture <sec> new : a syrian police officer has been killed by protesters , state-run media says .  thousands demonstrated in several cities , and most protests were peaceful .  u.n. rights experts denounce past crackdowns by syrian authorities .  detainees screamed , and people were beaten , witnesses sai .
 months after boston bombings : sense of winning for amputee <sec> the boston marathon bombings changed the lives of hundreds of people .  mery daniel lost her left leg , but not her spirit .  she 's learning to adjust to a prosthetic leg and a new lif .
 ghana 's weird and wonderful movie posters <sec> hand-painted movie posters from '80 and '90s have become collectibles .  originally painted to attract people to local cinema clubs in ghana .  most were painted on used flour sacks stitched together .  original artists continue to produce imagined versions of current films to feed growing art marke .
 by the numbers : today 's drought vs. the dust bowl era <sec> the dust bowl lasted for 8 years , causing millions to leave their homes .  an estimated 20 million hectares of farmland were ineffective annually .  the current drought is affecting all but a handful of american states .  4 billion fewer bushels of corn will be produced this year than once expecte .
 apparently this matters : cutest fan letter ever <sec> the bat of kyle seager flew into the stands at a game in houston .  lyle raymond was hit by the bat , but returned it to seager .  raymond later wrote seager the cutest fan letter eve .
 what would a publicly traded facebook mean to users ? <sec> questions arise over what a publicly traded facebook would mean to users .  some fear a constant need to please stockholders would mean less innovation and more ads .  others say a cash infusion would be good for startup companies facebook may buy .  the wall street journal : facebook will go public next year at $ 100 billion valuatio .
 malaysia airlines flight mh370 'phantom call ' theory dismissed <sec> passengers ' ringing cell phones led to speculation that flight mh370 had n't crashed .  aircraft 's disappearance remains shrouded in mystery .  `` phantom call '' theory inconclusive , cnn hear .
 suspect 's sister apologizes for attack on malala <sec> `` he has brought shame on our family , '' says suspect 's sister .  `` i do n't consider atta ullah my brother any more , '' she adds .  the 23-year-old student is being sought in connection with the attack on malal .
 ali fedotowsky and roberto martinez split <sec> rep : `` ali fedotowsky and roberto martinez have ended their relationship '' .  the duo 's romance unfolded in 2010 on season 6 of `` the bachelorette '' .  in october , fedotowsky downplayed rumors that their relationship was on the rock .
 bubble trouble : not-so-sweet champagne history <sec> france 's champagne district known for its wool in 17th century .  dom perignon was first champagne winemaker to use corks .  france 's louis xiv drank champagne almost exclusively .  treaty of versailles : only champagne can call sparkling wine champagn .
 obama pushes health care bill with house democrats <sec> white house steps up campaign against private health insurance companies .  obama works to win support among key house democrats for his plan .  pelosi : congress is `` on the brink of making very important history '' .  pelosi tries to ease concerns of abortion-rights opponent .
 football clubs struggling to stay afloat in a sea of debt <sec> football 's finances may not be as healthy as previous figures have suggested .  manchester united reportedly seeking to refinance $ 960 million of debt with a bond issue .  german giants bayern munich pledge to cut massive wage bill amid fears of overspending .  belgian club mouscron goes into liquidation after failing to meet obligation .
 after years of separation , 32-year-old man finally adopted <sec> maurice griffin , 32 , is finally able to call her `` mom '' legally .  a juvenile court judge okays his adoption by foster parent lisa godbold .  griffin had to leave his foster family at 13 ; he has been searching for them ever since .  years later , his one-time foster mom adopts hi .
 traffic stop leads to man believed dead since '89 <sec> north carolina officer did n't believe man 's story during traffic stop .  he could n't find name man that gave in police database .  eventually , `` james sweet '' confessed he was bennie wint .  wint was reported missing off daytona beach , florida , in september 198 .
 oscar honcho on first lady , meryl streep 's blunder , and song for the losers <sec> macfarlane and chenoweth wrote the loser song during the show .  director did n't know meryl streep was n't going to open envelope on camera .  michelle obama 's appearance was referred to as `` operation florence '' before the sho .
 nigerian army : gang leader arrested in kidnappings <sec> fifty-one of his followers are also arrested .  nigerian authorities freed the 19 hostages earlier this week .  nigeria has launched a major offensive in the niger delta regio .
 what happens when you follow the light ... <sec> the entrepreneur grew up with little , but a love of radio gave him the incentive to improve his circumstances .  denied a radio license three times , he eventually set up what would become the biggest private radio station in malawi .  after nine years in radio kazako transitioned into television , maintaining a focus on ethical businesses .  the station supports female students in malawi and has an scholarship fund sending women to international universitie .
 chris brown 's 'con air ' trip to l.a. ends ; more jail time ahead <sec> new : `` he 's doing remarkably well under the circumstances , '' brown lawyer says .  judge : chris brown must stay in jail for at least another week .  brown 's october dc arrest triggered 5 months rehab , 7 weeks in jail .  he turns 25 next monda .
 bloodshed and chaos in egypt with more than 50 dead <sec> a witness says she is sure both sides were shooting at each other .  officials defend the military and police actions in monday clash .  al-nour party withdraws from government talks .  a white house spokesman calls situation `` incredibly complex and difficult .
 drug industry 's free speech helps doctors <sec> david frum : court ruling may dramatically open drug companies ' free speech rights .  drug salesman convicted of promoting uses not approved by fda for a legal drug .  frum : but doctors often use drugs `` off-label '' ; court said it 's free speech to discuss .  by trying to protect public , he says , fda risks depriving doctors of good informatio .
 man gets life without parole in gruesome ohio murders <sec> matthew hoffman enters guilty pleas in november killings .  he admitted to killing two women and an 11-year-old boy .  defendant said he entered home to commit theft .  he also kidnapped a 13-year-old girl from the hom .
 is it worth dealing with the enemy ? <sec> western companies are fleeing russia - but could reap rewards from holding their ground .  reduced competition in a lucrative market could offset the risks .  iran could soon become a `` strategic priority for business .
 opinion : the everly brothers , two voices the beatles envied <sec> bob greene : the everly brothers had a talent that was extraordinary .  in five years , they had 25 hits in the top 40 charts , he writes .  despite frictions between phil and don everly , they were masters at working together , greene says .  greene : paul mccartney and john lennon used to pretend that they were the everly brother .
 gaia space telescope 's billion pixel camera to map milky way <sec> european space agency 's gaia has been tasked with making a 3d map of the milky way .  telescope so sensitive that makers say it could measure a human thumbnail from moon .  one of gaia 's objectives is to help in hunt for exoplanets .  mission applauded for building up most accurate charts of the cosmo .
 syria agrees to cease-fire , sort of <sec> new : saudi arabia deports three syrian diplomats .  under pressure , the government announces the release of some detainees .  the cease-fire would extend to monda .
 politicians barred from speaking at this year 's 9/11 ceremony in new york <sec> memorial foundation `` is focused on honoring the victims and their families in a way free of politics '' .  victims ' families told the reading of names will be the `` exclusive focus '' of the program .  dignitaries from mayors to presidents have spoken at previous events .  mayor bloomberg had considered ending the recitation of names , drawing criticis .
 deadly amoeba lurks in florida lakes <sec> 3 boys die from deadly amoeba in orlando-area lakes this summer .  bathers warned to stay out of water warmer than 80 degrees fahrenheit .  officials : flu-like symptoms after swimming in a lake should spark alar .
 amnesty celebrates 50th anniversary with bob dylan tribute album <sec> amnesty international celebrated its 50th anniversary with a compilation album .  about 80 musicians offered their renditions of classic tunes by the venerable bob dylan .  the four cd collection is called `` chimes of freedom .
 nadal drawn in djokovic 's group for atp tour finals <sec> groupings for season-ending atp world tour finals in london announced .  tournament sees top eight players in the world compete against each other .  rafael nadal has been drawn to play novak djokovic , tomas berdych and andy roddick .  roger federer to face robin soderling , andy murray and david ferre .
 malala yousafzai and kailash satyarthi share nobel peace prize <sec> pakistan 's malala yousafzai : children around the world `` should stand up for their rights '' .  india 's prime minister congratulates winners for determination and courage .  pakistani pm nawaz sharif says yousafzai has `` made her countrymen proud '' .  india 's kailash satyarthi says award honors everyone working for child right .
 report : more than 100 executed by syrian authorities <sec> the human rights watch report is based on interviews with eyewitnesses .  many of those killed are women and children , the group says .  the deaths are `` a desperate attempt to crush the uprising , '' researcher say .
 experts advise ending concordia underwater salvage <sec> the operation is becoming too dangerous for divers , technical experts say .  the head of the operation is unlikely to overrule them , his office says .  15 people are still missing after the january 13 shipwreck off the coast of italy .  the captain of the costa concordia is under house arres .
 las vegas sands corporation facts <sec> the company owns three major casino complexes , in las vegas and macau .  venetian casino resort opened in 1999 , originally consisted of 3,036 suites .  in may 2004 , las vegas sands opened the sands maca .
 albert pujols is leaving st. louis . rejoice ! <sec> albert pujols is leaving the cardinals , and st. louis should be relieved , jeff pearlman says .  pujols may be worth a $ 254 million contract with the angels , but he 's a pain , pearlman says .  pearlman says he 's seen few pro athletes who show more disrespect for loyalists .  pujols was st. louis ' zeus , and nothing negative could ever be said -- until now , he say .
 'fireproof ' is still generating heat <sec> `` fireproof '' about a firefighter having marriage problems .  film was produced by a church , aimed some marketing at churches .  `` fireproof '' successful in theaters , now success on dvd , has become a bran .
 unmanned x-37b space plane lands , its exact mission a mystery <sec> the x-37b orbital test vehicle lands at vandenberg air force base .  it spent 674 days in orbit conducting experiments , military says .  the military has spoken only in generalities about the spacecraft .  theorists speculate it 's a space bomber or a spy plane against china space statio .
