 grand jury to 'thoroughly ' mull michael brown case <sec> new : 2 hold signs backing officer darren wilson , then are confronted by others .  new : attorney general holder recalls his own experiences with racial profiling .  a county grand jury to hear evidence , could opt to indict the officer who killed brown .  the case has spurred protests by those calling for charges against the office .
 3 men try to join isis : here 's what we know <sec> all three men came to the united states legally .  they 're accused of attempting and conspiring to provide material support and resources to a foreign terrorist organizatio .
 city guide : cutting-edge cool in cultural , hip berlin <sec> berlin has flourished as a cultural capital in recent years .  former east berlin boasts its own museum island .  contemporary art galleries cluster around mitte , a hip district filled with bars and cafe .
 lara logan apologizes for '60 minutes ' benghazi report - cnnpolitics.com <sec> publication of book containing account is suspended .  reporter : cbs was `` wrong '' in report that raised questions about benghazi attack .  official claims discrepancies between cbs source 's accounts and what he told fbi .  source had claimed he violated orders , reached benghazi compound and fought militan .
 john crawford in walmart : fatal 911 call ( opinion ) <sec> police fatally shot john crawford , a young black man holding an air rifle , in a walmart .  jesse williams : 911 caller wrong when he said crawford was pointing and loading `` gun '' .  williams : crawford 's killing once again shows racist assumptions about black men .  williams : data show cops shoot first , ask later when it comes to blacks , an injustice to al .
 high-tech arms race causing stock market 'tsunamis ' <sec> high frequency trading uses algorithms to conduct trades in fractions of a second .  it can cause individual stock prices to spike and dip close to zero , says neil johnson .  these `` sub-second tsunamis '' go unnoticed and are over in the blink of an eye .  governments need a financial `` air traffic control system '' to manage this , says johnso .
 jahi mcmath 's family seeks to move brain-dead girl to another facility <sec> new : family must find a doctor who 's willing to operate on body , hospital says .  13-year-old jahi mcmath suffered complications after tonsil surgery .  she was declared brain dead , and a judge has agreed with that .  the family wants to transfer her to another bay area facility , uncle say .
 power of forgiveness : apartheid-era cop 's memories of nelson mandela <sec> johann lochner was a police officer in south africa during apartheid .  he credits nelson mandela for uniting south africa .  forgiveness was at heart of mandela 's success , lochner says .  what do you think ? .  share your story on cnn irepor .
 spain 's king apologizes for african hunting trip <sec> new : king juan carlos apologized upon leaving the hospital .  the king 's hunting trip caused an uproar for its expense .  spain is in the throes of an economic crisi .
 robbie rogers : the aftermath of a gay footballer coming out <sec> footballer robbie rogers is one of the most high-profile voices in battle for gay rights .  los angeles galaxy midfielder came out in february 2013 .  former germany midfielder thomas hitzlsperger revealed he is gay earlier this week .  hitzlsperger says he wanted to come out ahead of sochi game .
 justin bieber wo n't face charges in limo beating case <sec> prosecutors found `` no reasonable prospect '' of convicting bieber , official says .  singer was accused of hitting limo driver in the head in toronto .  all of his january arrests have now been resolved .  bieber faces a new assault charge recently in another ontario cas .
 faith comes to the forefront on sunday in joplin <sec> sunday marks the one-week anniversary of the ef-5 tornado that hit joplin , missouri .  a memorial service is being planned , and a moment of silence will be held at 5:41 p.m . .  a catholic priest , whose church was destroyed , lauds the enthusiasm and goodwill .  a local christian official says the twister has strengthened many people 's fait .
 gunshot residue found on vonderrit myers of st. louis <sec> vonderrit myers , 18 , was fatally shot by an officer last week .  police say he fired a pistol three times at the officer .  the shooting sparked angry street protests in missour .
 texas doctor to operate on injured girl <sec> a doctor found the little girl in a trash bin in pakistan 's swat valley .  her face and arms were severely burned .  her caretaker named her shakira , which means thankful .  shakira arrived in texas last week for reconstructive surger .
 lebron james , headband to reunite for game 7 <sec> `` it 's about heart and determination at this point , '' lebron james says .  he says he will wear his signature headband for the final game .  spurs star tim duncan says he and teammates ca n't be tired .  game 7 is in miami on thursday nigh .
 'do n't ask do n't tell ' deal is good for the country <sec> more than 14,000 troops fired because of `` do n't ask , do n't tell , '' says alexander nicholson .  deal on dadt between white house , pentagon , gay rights groups , is good , says nicholson .  new legislation would firmly establish the mechanisms for ending gay ban , he says .  nicholson : most importantly , it would do so with coveted pentagon suppor .
 blog of the month : serie a talk <sec> serieatalk.com was set up in 2007 due to the rising popularity of serie a .  the blog 's creator , christopher harris , says he tries to be neutral .  harris tells cnn the david beckham story has brought a surge in reader .
 u.s. and iran find common interests in unlikely places <sec> longtime foes u.s. and iran now find themselves on same side of some critical conflicts .  a nuclear deal would loosen sanctions on iran , and allow it to devote more resources to propping up assad regime in syri .
 islamic militants set fire to sacred tombs in timbuktu <sec> the tombs are a 15th century shrine to muslim saints .  the ansar dine militant group has destroyed some of the tombs .  the islamist group says people should n't worship saints .  timbuktu is a world heritage sit .
 ferguson police study new guns tech to reduce killings <sec> device mounted on a gun barrel turns a bullet into a golf ball-sized projectile .  ferguson , missouri , police are evaluating the latest weapons technology called `` the alternative '' .  the projectile will still hurt and can even kill upon impact , but it 's designed to stop , not kil .
 u.s. students behind in math , science , analysis says <sec> national center for education statistics put out special analysis .  in math , u.s. high schoolers were in the bottom quarter of the countries .  education secretary : `` we are lagging the rest of the world ... in pretty substantial ways .
 forest in the sky to transform historic milanese skyline <sec> porta nuova aims to transform milan 's skyline .  project will feature new skyscrapers and buildings covered with trees .  some experts believe construction ventures like these could get italian economy movin .
 michael jackson to make 'announcement ' in london <sec> musician schedules news conference for thursday at o2 arena .  one news outlet says he will hold series of summer concerts .  jackson 's physical and financial health have been subject of rumor .
 syrian protesters cry for regime change , despite 'reforms ' <sec> the opposition says the proposed law is `` constitutionalizing dictatorship '' .  sunday protests fell on the heels of cabinet approval of a reform bill .  videos posted online showed public squares filled with anti-regime protesters .  activists renewed claims of arrest campaigns by president bashir al-assad 's regim .
 rockets fired in india-pakistan border skirmish <sec> indian border guards fire four rockets into pakistan along punjab region border .  india claims attack in retaliation for similar attack ; pakistan denies that claim .  incident follows gunfight ended between indian forces , militants in kashmi .
 arubans urge holloway 's father to delay search during peruvian probe <sec> natalee holloway 's father wants to search swamp area for daughter 's remains .  authorities want to wait until peruvian authorities give more information .  aruban investigators will not question van der sloot until after peruvian .
 stampede at shanghai new year 's celebration kills 35 <sec> witness tells xinhua people were scrambling for dollar-shaped coupons .  stampede breaks out at a new year 's celebration in shanghai .  at least 35 people are killed , state media report ; authorities are investigatin .
 three reforms to unstick the senate <sec> sarah binder : minority has always exploited filibuster rules to hang up rival proposals .  reid 's plans to reform procedures have faced tough opposition , she says .  binder : senate should set limits on filibuster rules that are fair to each party .  binder : confirmation process is glacial and contentious and needs `` fast-track '' optio .
 investigators find body of marine 's missing wife <sec> brittany killgore went missing friday night .  two people are in custody in connection with the case .  she had recently filed for divorce from her husband .  her husband is a marine who was deployed in afghanista .
 man faces charges over nooses on truck at jena march <sec> louisiana resident , 18 , faces federal hate-crime , conspiracy charges .  driver allegedly taunted civil rights marchers with nooses on pickup truck .  marchers were protesting handling of several racially charged incident .
 plans are being made to secure libyan mustard gas <sec> libya has a stockpile of mustard gas at rabta south of tripoli .  the gas is not weaponized and would be difficult to use .  a force might be needed to secure the site .  the concern is that the material could be diverted or sold to third parties such as terrorist group .
 cruise ship strikes ice , stranded on antarctic coast <sec> a cruise ship carrying 122 people was stranded thursday .  ship carrying 89 passengers , 33 crew members , television c5n reports .  ship losing fuel , taking on water but not in danger of sinking , television c5n report .
 justice department to sue arizona sheriff after talks fall through <sec> the two sides had been in the midst of settlement talks .  the justice department wanted arpaio to allow an independent monitor .  arpaio : `` this will not happen , not on my watch ! '' .  the government alleges the sheriff 's office has committed constitutional violation .
 border crisis : sending minors back to danger ( opinion ) <sec> ruben navarrette : u.s. rushes deportation of thousands of unaccompanied minors .  navarrette : system is rigged to make it all but impossible for kids to obtain asylum .  navarrette : deported children reportedly killed upon return to murderous situation they fled .  he predicts that as thousands of kids are deported , more children will be kille .
 why asians want to move to the u.s . <sec> report : asians have surpassed latinos as the largest group of immigrants to the u.s . .  u.s. university degrees are often a gateway to jobs and residency in the u.s . .  lifestyle , educational and financial opportunities draw many asian immigrants .  rise in immigration comes despite growing opportunities in asi .
 dozens killed as heavy rains hammer central america <sec> at least 28 people are reported dead in guatemala .  more than 20 people are killed in el salvador , including 7 children .  more rain is forecast from remnants of hurrican .
 antique furniture to be sold after a career in movies <sec> the furniture was owned by two wealthy 19th-century americans .  studio bought it at an estate auction in 1942 for a fraction of its original cost .  auction house not allowed to reveal in which movies the furniture was used .  you can watch post-1942 warner brothers period films to find the antique .
 pakistani schoolgirl activist malala thanks supporters after being shot by taliban <sec> malala yousufzai says thank you for `` the outpouring of love and support '' .  she is recovering in britain after being shot by taliban gunmen in pakistan .  her father says she is walking and reading books .  she expresses commitment to the cause of promoting girls ' educatio .
 greatest photos of the american west <sec> from national geographic archives , `` american west '' photo exhibit is on display around the united states .  exhibit includes 185 photos from 1800s to present .  stunning collection is curated by james mcnutt of the national museum of wildlife art .  award-winning companion book includes 75 image .
 halle berry on pregnancy : 'biggest surprise of my life ' <sec> halle berry expecting her second baby at 46 .  actress says she feels `` fantastic , '' calling news of baby a `` surprise '' .  oscar winner and olivier martinez are expecting their first child togethe .
 pakistan 's president will pardon christian woman , official says <sec> the high court should release asia bibi , punjab 's governor tells cnn .  she was sentenced to death for insulting islam 's prophet mohammed .  `` she 's not going to be a victim of this law , '' gov . .  salman taseer say .
 drug dealer 's account elicits laughs from bulger at trial <sec> a former fbi agent testifies about james `` whitey '' bulger 's role in a 1982 homicide .  the agent apologizes to the victim 's family for his role in tipping off bulger .  bulger and a former drug dealing associate exchange smiles and laughter .  associate recalls how bulger saved his brother from kidnapper .
 how two music lovers blocked out spain 's crisis <sec> marco torremocha and phillip stark are running an unusual business in spain .  amid a deep economic crisis , they are selling ear plugs .  the two rockers found their ears were ringing after concerts .  they are now selling the plugs at a huge music concert and say it 's proving big busines .
 'red shirts ' mark anniversary of 2006 coup in thailand <sec> prime minister thaksin shinawatra was ousted in a bloodless coup .  anti-government demonstrators gathered sunday to mark the anniversary of his ouster .  the demonstrations conjured images of a monthslong protest earlier this year .  91 people were killed and 2,000 injured in a crackdown in ma .
 facebook to announce new look for news feed <sec> facebook is unveiling a redesigned news feed at an event thursday morning .  the news feed is the center of your facebook homepage .  it has n't been radically updated since 200 .
 u.s. law aimed at helping north korean orphans <sec> president obama signed into law a measure designed to help north korean orphans .  the law is aimed primarily at those orphans hiding in china and other countries .  state department is tasked with helping reunite family members and facilitating adoptions .  it could be years before americans are able to adopt any of these childre .
 under pressure , facebook targets sexist hate speech <sec> facebook ramps up crackdown on hate speech after pressure from women 's groups .  protest focused on pages that celebrate violence against women .  site says it will increase training , update guidelines , work with activists .  about 15 companies pulled advertising , according to protester .
 former argentina president kirchner dies suddenly <sec> nestor kirchner , 60 , has died of a heart attack , the government says .  kirchner was married to the current president of argentina , cristina fernandez .  `` what a great loss , '' says venezuelan president hugo chavez .  kirchner had undergone angioplasty surgery last mont .
 ntsb : deadly 2011 bus crash caused by fatigue , speed , poor oversight <sec> 15 died when bus crashed returning from casino in connecticut .  ntsb says bus driver was `` impaired by sleep deprivation , '' had been speeding .  last year , bus driver pleaded not guilty to charges of manslaughte .
 10 african startups that rocked 2014 <sec> this year , african entrepreneurs built businesses that can solve the continent 's problems .  founder of african tech blog techloy.com , loy okezie names his 10 top startups of 2014 .  list includes , uber-style motorbike delivery , pay-as-you-go cloud computin .
 how the consumer electronics show lost its spark <sec> andrew keen says ces has remained the same while the world has radically changed . .  keen : `` ces will gradually but inevitably go out of business . '' .  `` the future of this kind of event is probably far far away from las vegas , '' says kee .
 rafael nadal cruises through singles return <sec> spaniard rafael nadal wins his first singles match shock wimbledon exit .  the 12-time grand slam winner beat jesse levine 6-2 6-0 at rogers cup in canada .  wimbledon champion andy murray defeats spain 's marcel granollers 6-4 7-6 ( 7-2 ) .  in the women 's event , there are wins for serena williams , li na and marion bartol .
 twitter ceo : 'you do n't pull the batteries out of the microphone ' <sec> dick costolo weighs in on stop online piracy act and protect intellectual property act .  twitter did not participate in blackouts because it would have been counterproductive .  ceo addressed new censorship policy that twitter announced last wee .
 new york slaying considered bias attack <sec> man gunned down on greenwich village street .  suspect allegedly made anti-gay remarks .  bias attacks up significantly , police commissioner say .
 unilever head : we can profit from sustainability <sec> unilever 's europe head plans to grow the business by stengthening green credentials .  he says consumers do n't simply want the cheapest products , but ones made responsibly .  the emerging markets are more business-friendly than europe , he says .  europe is in need of a `` spring clean '' to encourage innovation and growt .
 michael jackson 's father seeks allowance from estate <sec> joe jackson , who was left out of will , wants judge to give him allowance .  michael 's mother , katherine , michael 's children get bulk of the estate .  michael jackson had publicly criticized his father 's parenting skill .
 lessons learned : how sars could prevent a mers virus outbreak <sec> expertise gained in hong kong during sars epidemic helpful in battling mers virus .  over 100 mers deaths have now been reported as cases spike .  hong kong and chinese researchers looking at `` promising '' antibodies as mers cur .
 women run the world in marvel 's new avengers <sec> marvel comics announced a new avengers team made entirely of women .  the new team will be called a-force , replacing the earlier avengers .  team will be comprised of hulk , dazzler and mor .
 'the evil dead ' is back 'to kick monster butt ' on tv <sec> sam raimi is producing an `` evil dead '' series on starz .  star bruce campbell is reprising the role of ash williams .  the series , `` ash vs . .  evil dead , '' will have 10 half-hour episode .
 romney : throw out the big-government liberals <sec> romney : the right course is the one championed by ronald reagan .  romney : republicans prefer straight talk to politically correct talk .  romney : it 's time for the party of big ideas , not the party of big brothe .
 body found in grand canyon park believed to be missing hiker <sec> national park service : body found in the bonita creek area at 9:30 a.m. saturday .  about 50 searchers had been looking for bryce gillies , last seen a week before .  gillies was backpacking through the deer creek-thunder river area of the park .  death was the second this month in grand canyon national par .
 militants attack another convoy in pakistan <sec> new : drone strike kills 4 in tribal region .  gunmen set the truck on fire , then shoot the occupants .  convoys have come under repeated attack in recent days .  the pakistani taliban says it has set up a special unit to attack u.s. interest .
 5 children , 5 caskets made just for them <sec> texas family loses five children in mobile home fire .  casket maker trey ganem makes them caskets for free .  the caskets are designed to reflect the children 's personalitie .
 poland mourns as president 's body arrives home <sec> polish president 's body arrives in warsaw as country mourns his death .  tens of thousands flood onto streets to pay respects to lech kaczynski .  kaczynski died with 95 others in a plane crash in russia on saturday .  investigators say aircraft 's flight data recorders in good conditio .
