 did montana newlywed blindfold husband before pushing him off cliff ? <sec> defense : prosecution said during phone call they have evidence victim was blindfolded .  jordan graham is charged with murder in the death of her husband of eight days .  graham accidentally shoved husband off cliff during argument at park , defense says .  attorney cites several issues with fbi interrogation of suspect , subsequent repor .
 abidal honored as barcelona cut real madrid 's lead to one point <sec> barcelona beat getafe 4-0 in the nou camp in la liga match .  reigning champions close to within a point of real madrid at top .  alexis sanchez scores twice for barcelona with lionel messi also on target .  barcelona star eric abidal undergoing liver transplant as match takes plac .
 nobel laureates call on obama for torture transparency <sec> twelve nobel peace prize laureates wrote the white house on monday .  the letter called for administration disclosure on torture . .  south africa 's archbishop bishop desmond tutu was one of the letter 's signer .
 higher places : on the trail of the dalai lama in india <sec> visiting dalai lama in his residence just above dharamsala is considered a pilgrimage for some .  monks and followers from more than 60 countries attend his public teachings .  dharamsala is predominantly tibetan buddhist while surrounding villages are more indian and have a hippy vib .
 golden girl ennis : i 'd do it for nothing <sec> jessica ennis won olympic gold for hosts britain in heptathlon .  ennis first of three track and field winners for hosts on saturday .  she admits to feeling the pressure as poster girl of the games .  medals more important than money for the 26-year-ol .
 ronaldo treble as madrid thrash osasuna <sec> cristiano ronaldo scores a hat-trick as spanish leaders real madrid thrash osasuna 7-1 .  madrid are three points ahead of barcelona , who are held to a 2-2 draw at athletic bilbao .  tottenham remain in touch with premier league leaders after 3-1 success at fulha .
 george michael is 'well and resting ' after mystery hospital visit <sec> george michael was discharged over the weekend , his rep says .  no details are revealed `` given the personal nature of this matter , '' rep says .  michael has a new song due out in july .  the singer turns 51 in jun .
 my airport 's bigger than yours : middle east 's big aviation ambitions <sec> dubai , abu dhabi , doha , istanbul and riyadh are all upgrading their main transport hubs . .  there is pressure in the region to build the most 'iconic ' airport . .  the combined capacity in the region will number 450 million -- three times current traffic . .  istanbul and dubai are both claiming their airports will be the world 's biggest .
 what 'x factor ' can do for britney spears <sec> spears joins the fox singing competition still riding the success of her seventh studio album .  source : being a mainstay on the show could bring a level of fame she has n't had in years .  spears has n't been accessible to her fans since she was placed in a conservatorshi .
 typhoon matmo threatens mudslides in taiwan <sec> strong winds , rain raises threat of mudslides in taiwan .  typhoon matmo passed over the island in the early hours of wednesday morning .  `` water is just sheeting off the mountains , '' storm chaser james reynolds tells cn .
 cambodia , thailand border row escalates <sec> both agreed to meet as each side deployed more troops to preah vihear temple .  both cambodia and thailand lay claim to the 11th century temple .  the international court of justice awarded the temple to cambodia in 1962 .  current row began when cambodia briefly held 3 thais who crossed into the are .
 keita goal helps mali grab first win of africa cup of nations <sec> seydou keita grabs the only goal of the game as mali beat niger at africa cup of nations .  former barcelona star 's late strike settles the first win of the tournament after three draws .  dr congo come back from 2-0 down to deny ghana victory in the first game of group .
 box office report : 'catching fire ' breaks november record with debut <sec> `` the hunger games : catching fire '' trounced the weekend 's competition .  it earned an estimated $ 161.1 million .  only three films have opened higher at the box office .  that sum also makes `` catching fire '' the best november debut of all tim .
 china 's giant , quiet step in space <sec> leroy chiao : china 's first manned space docking in june was a giant step for the country .  chiao : we celebrated spacex 's mission , but were notably quieter about china 's mission .  he says : we downplay china 's accomplishments at our own peril .  chiao : we do n't need another space race , but we must not lose our leadership in spac .
 opinion : college graduates , a job is just a job <sec> as college seniors across the u.s. graduate , they worry about finding a job .  peggy drexler : most college graduates do not start out in their desired field .  she says it 's ok to take job that is not ideal for a while ; job-hopping is normal .  drexler : if there 's a new constant , it 's that adaptability and flexibility are key to surviva .
 saudi food firm bets on french bread to make the dough <sec> bateel is a saudi gourmet food company founded in 1992 .  company started by manufacturing dates but now has numerous food products in its line .  ceo says aim is to become major international bran .
 parents , police monitoring kids ' cell phones <sec> colorado officer uses cell-phone monitoring software to catch sexual predators .  investigator has made at least 44 arrests with the help of the service .  software is increasingly popular with parents as more kids carry cell phones .  service provides parents with online record of kids ' calls , texts and shared photo .
 review : 'a dangerous method ' is compelling cinema <sec> watching keira knightley cycle through shame , anger , arousal and relief is a pleasure .  michael fassbender 's eventually heartbreaking work is largely one of subtlety .  it 's an historical drama , a romance and the story of a professional friendshi .
 els thanks mandela after emotional british open victory <sec> ernie els dedicates british open victory to former president nelson mandela .  els was first south african to win a major golf title in post-apartheid era .  his win at royal lytham is popular at home and across the world .  els has raised millions of dollars for his autism charity , inspired by his so .
 cnn student news - april 16 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 coroner in amy winehouse case resigns <sec> coroner suzanne greenaway ruled that winehouse died of accidental alcohol poisoning .  greenaway resigned after officials discovered that she had not been a registered lawyer .  greenaway was appointed to her post by her husband , andrew rei .
 kenyan airport fire disrupts billion dollar transport hub <sec> kenya is east africa 's largest economy and has made a big push to carve out its space in the global market .  tea , horticulture and tourism all bring in about $ 1 billion in revenue to the kenyan economy each year .  kenyan authorities are working to normalize operations as quickly as possible with a sizable effor .
 manchester united seal semifinal place as 10-man chelsea crash out <sec> manchester united win all-english semifinal 3-1 on aggregate after home victory .  javier hernandez and park ji-sung score either side of didier drogba 's equalizer .  veteran ryan giggs sets up both united goals to add to his first-leg assist .  chelsea coach carlo ancelotti faces the sack as last chance of silverware end .
 leverkusen defeat hamburg to close gap <sec> bayer leverkusen move to within three points of german leaders bayern munich .  stefan keissling scores twice for leverkusen in their 4-2 win over hamburg .  claudio pizarro nets the only goal as werder bremen defeat hoffenhei .
 police : american-born drug kingpin arrested in mexico <sec> edgar valdez villarreal is known as `` la barbie '' because of his blue eyes and fair complexion .  valdez was captured by federal police on monday .  he is purported to be a top leader in the beltran leyva drug cartel .  his arrest is a high-profile win for mexican authoritie .
 vermont , new hampshire top list of healthiest states <sec> as they have in the past , northeastern states dominated the top of the rankings .  vermont has low rate of infectious disease , high use of prenatal care and lack of violent crime .  mississippi was again the unhealthiest state in the nation , a spot it 's held for a decad .
 yemen opposition considers using military to oust president saleh <sec> opposition leaders call for military action against the saleh government .  heavily armed tribesmen loyal to the anti-government ahmar family have been entering sanaa .  more than 2,000 pro-government heavily armed tribesmen are stationed in the outskirts of sana .
 cnn student news transcript : october 7 , 2010 <sec> putting together a peace deal in afghanistan means overcoming big obstacles .  the u.s. supreme court considers a balance between privacy and free speech .  a victim and a former perpetrator share some of their experiences about bullying .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 nypd has n't given up on baby hope case <sec> body of unidentified child -- named baby hope by police -- was found on july 23 , 1991 .  detectives continue to investigate , and ask that anyone with information come forward .  there are many reasons people may talk years later , says detective robert dewhurst .  `` twenty years is not uncommon for a cold case , '' dewhurst say .
 should manchester united keep carlos tevez ? <sec> carlos tevez ' loan deal at manchester united ends at the close of the season .  tevez says he has not been offered contract and does not feel 'wanted ' .  tevez is a favorite of many united fans who hope to see him signe .
 famous '2001 ' ship to be put on display <sec> a shuttle from `` 2001 : a space odyssey '' was purchased by the motion picture academy .  it will be put on display to the public for the first time .  the 1968 classic is considered one of the most influential science-fiction movies eve .
 al qaeda 's al-zawahiri calls on saudis to rise up <sec> ayman al-zawahiri appears on a video posted on jihadist forums , an intelligence group says .  the al qaeda leader urges saudis to rise up against the country 's rulers .  al-zawahiri says the rulers are criminals for opening the country to u.s. troops .  the video statement was posted online , the site intelligence group say .
 new peruvian president stresses equality <sec> new : peru 's new president stresses equality .  humala is a former army officer .  he is a leftist who has moderated his stance .  he promises to spread the benefits of peru 's economic boom to the poo .
 rape victims fear being jailed in mauritania <sec> rights groups working to get a law defining rape in mauritania .  currently rape victims can be jailed for having sex outside marriage .  victims also pressured by social stigma attached to rape .  one woman tells cnn : mauritania is no place for rape victims like m .
 cnn student news transcript : december 17 , 2010 <sec> learn the status of some high-profile proposals in congress .  examine the impact of icy conditions on the southeastern u.s . .  look back at some of the most memorable stories from this year .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 poor sanitation could worsen haiti cholera outbreak , cdc says <sec> u.s. report says the cholera outbreak 's course is `` difficult to predict '' .  haiti has n't seen a cholera outbreak in more than a century .  the epidemic has killed more than 1,100 in the earthquake-ravaged natio .
 military : 7 kidnapped soldiers freed in egypt <sec> new : the rafah crossing between egypt and gaza has reopened , state media say .  the seven soldiers were kidnapped last thursday in the sinai peninsula .  they are now free and heading back to the capital , cairo , a military spokesman says .  military intelligence services and sinai residents cooperated to secure their release , he say .
 al jazeera : world cup broadcast was jammed from jordan <sec> millions suffered frequent disruptions of the broadcast , says al jazeera .  accusation based on `` teams of independent international technology experts '' .  jordanian government denies the charg .
 third man arrested in denmark over copenhagen shootings <sec> police arrest a man on suspicion of aiding the gunman in the copenhagen shootings .  the unnamed suspect is due in court on saturday , police sa .
 beyonce 's surprise album : what 's the verdict ? <sec> beyonce released a self-titled album as a surprise .  fellow artists expressed excitement over the project .  beyonce says she was inspired by michael jackson 's `` thriller .
 doctor interested in seeing kids not kidney , lawyer says <sec> new york doctor , soon-to-be-ex-wife fighting over kidney he gave her in 2001 .  doctor tells cnn 's larry king `` real issue '' is to get his children back .  doctor says he hopes case will not deter organ donatio .
 'american sniper ' fame weighs on jury selection <sec> eddie ray routh is accused of killing chris kyle at an isolated outdoor firing range .  kyle , routh and chad littlefield had gone there to shoo .
 football-mad bangkok faces world cup under curfew <sec> nationwide midnight-4 a.m. curfew lifted in many tourist destinations but not bangkok .  many world cup matches start between 11 p.m. and 3 a.m. local time .  some bar owners say they 'll air matches , hope curfew wo n't be strictly enforce .
 flu virus sparks 'social distancing ' trend <sec> move towards 'social distancing ' as people worry about swine flu epidemic .  mexico 's health ministry directing people to avoid handshakes and kissing .  who advises avoiding close contact with people who appear unwell .  follow cnn 's dr. sanjay gupta on twitte .
 u.n. estimates 5,000 killed in syrian uprising <sec> new : activists and a resident report a pipeline explosion and gunfire in homs .  new : ambassadors at the u.n. call a briefing `` horrifying ' and `` unbearable '' .  the u.n. high commissioner says `` this situation is intolerable '' .  she alleges syrian forces likely committed crimes against humanit .
 6 british soldiers accused of attacking nypd cop <sec> six british soldiers were arrested after a fight outside a manhattan bar .  an nypd officer suffered lacerations and bruising to the face .  the soldiers are fiji nationals who serve in the 1st scots guard of the british arm .
 botswana commends egyptian revolution <sec> botswana expresses concern `` that the military is in charge '' of the transition in egypt .  it says it hopes the military will step aside as soon as possible .  it urges other nations to work hard to ensure meaningful change in egyp .
 spanish court suspends catalonia independence vote <sec> a top spanish court suspends catalonia 's referendum on independence .  the vote was set this weekend for november 9 .  the federal government filed a lawsuit calling the vote unconstitutiona .
 slain photographer 's family sells her photos online <sec> proceeds from photo sales will be used to support sierra 's sons , family friend says .  sierra traveled alone to istanbul on january 7 , and her body was found saturday .  an estimated 9 million people travel to istanbul each yea .
 sandra bullock : forbes ' highest-paid actress <sec> forbes estimates sandra bullock earned $ 51 million in the past year .  the star tops the magazine 's list of highest-paid actresses .  jennifer lawrence is in second place with $ 43 million earne .
 survey says latino voters sticking with obama , democrats <sec> hispanic support for president obama is strong over possible republican opponents .  latinos surveyed disapprove of increased deportations under the obama administration .  the main issues for hispanic respondents are jobs , education and health car .
 police : boys killed by snake died from asphyxiation <sec> noah and connor barthe , aged 4 and 6 , were found dead monday morning .  they had been at a sleepover at an apartment above a pet store .  the python believed to have killed them has been euthanized .  deaths caused by large constrictor snakes like pythons are fairly rar .
 surprising names behind these famous works <sec> unexpected names are behind some classic songs and works .  one beach boys song includes retooled lyrics by charles manson .  `` respect , '' made famous by aretha franklin , was written by otis reddin .
 residents hope for best , brace for worst as wildfire sizzles near colorado springs <sec> 473 structures have been destroyed by the black forest fire in central colorado .  an official estimates 30 % containment of the over 15,000-acre fire , up from 5 % .  a heavy burst of rain helps those fighting the blaze near colorado springs .  at least 20 structures are burned in the royal gorge fire southwest of colorado spring .
 fabregas spoils coyle 's bolton debut <sec> arsenal move to within three points of chelsea at the top of the english premier league .  returning captain cesc fabregas scores one goal and makes the other in a 2-0 win at bolton .  the result spoils the debut of new bolton manager owen coyle following his switch from burnle .
 detained americans say they had good intentions in haiti <sec> idaho-based missionaries arrested for trying to move children across haitian border .  group admits children did not have passports needed to leave country .  children from orphanages damaged in the quake , said church 's web site sai .
 swedish hutu gets life for rwandan genocide <sec> the man is tied to several massacres in western rwanda .  at least 800,000 people were killed in the 1994 genocide .  the convicted man is a swedish citizen of hutu origi .
 grisly scene in iraq : 'see these children ? ' <sec> a mortar attack outside a school in mosul leaves 17 dead , police say .  the dead are families who were trying to flee fighting , police say .  nearly 500,000 people are estimated to have been displaced this yea .
 dolphins killed in taiji 's controversial hunting season <sec> four pods of risso 's dolphins have been killed in annual hunt in taiji , japan .  the hunting season runs from september to march every year .  it draws international conservationist activists to the village to document the killing .  locals complain of harassment from activists ; activists say the hunt is barbari .
 qatari driver keeps battling at dakar rally <sec> defending champion nasser al-attiyah wins saturday 's seventh stage of the dakar rally .  hummer driver moves up to sixth overall as he makes up almost eight minutes on leader .  mini 's stephane peterhansel extends his advantage over teammate krzysztof holowczyc .  motorbike champion marc coma makes up two minutes on leader cyril despre .
 north korean state news : court sentences american to 15 years <sec> kenneth bae , referred to as pae jun ho by north korea , is sentenced , kcna reports .  he was accused of serious crimes ; a u.s. official was n't sure what the claims were .  the u.s. had pushed for bae 's release on humanitarian ground .
 malala 's father gets job in pakistan 's uk consulate near her <sec> ziauddin yousafzai , father of malala , will work in birmingham , england , consulate .  he will serve as education attache for three years with possibility of extension .  the job fulfills a pakistan government pledge to help the family .  malala is being treated in england after being shot in the head by taliban gunma .
 murdoch 's news international announces new name <sec> news international , the uk arm of murdoch 's news corp. , is now news uk .  the renaming follows changes `` taken place to address the problems of the recent past '' .  news uk says new policies have been put in place following the phone hacking scandal .  news corp. is splitting into two parts , one holding publishing assets and the other tv and fil .
 argentine mom seeks daughter forced into prostitution <sec> argentine woman vanished in 2002 ; it 's believed she was forced into prostitution ring .  argentine soap opera , based on marita 's mother 's search , probes human trafficking .  mom : `` my life will be completely absorbed with this fight until she is back and safe '' .  mother susana trimarco 's foundation tries to save women , children from sex slaver .
