 barry bonds gets hearing on obstruction conviction <sec> baseball legend barry bonds gets another hearing .  he was convicted of obstruction of justice stemming from a probe into steroid use .  the 9th u.s . .  circuit court of appeals has granted a new hearing .  a three-judge panel of the court upheld his conviction last yea .
 iranian team drops star for 'refusing ' to fast <sec> team says player refused to honor ramadan fast .  top player ali karimi fired from team though attacking midfielder denies accusation .  karimi is second most capped player in the history of the iranian national sid .
 myanmar invites u.s. and eu to observe april elections <sec> april by-elections in myanmar are seen as a test of recent reforms .  the government has invited the u.s. and eu to send observers , official says .  other countries in the region have also been invited to send monitors .  pro-democracy leader aung san suu kyi and her party are participating in the election .
 russian editor , lgbt group founder fined under 'gay propaganda ' law <sec> the founder of an online support group for gay teens is fined , state news reports .  so is an editor whose paper published a story on a teacher and gay activist .  both punishments relate to a russia 's controversial law barring `` gay propaganda '' .  critics call the law archaic ; russia 's president says it protects childre .
 navy creates force devoted to fighting piracy <sec> u.s. fifth fleet hoping other nations will join anti-piracy force .  combined task force 151 will focus solely on combating piracy .  pirates attacked nearly 100 vessels off coast of somalia in 2008 .  international maritime bureau welcomes establishment of task forc .
 u.s. extends soft power in asia with typhoon relief effort <sec> one of u.s. navy 's largest vessels , uss george washington , is leading typhoon relief effort .  as an expression of soft-power , the nimitz-class aircraft carrier is finding its influence in asia .  u.s. links with philippines as former colony means the relief effort has a special resonance .  criticism has been leveled at china for its handling of its relief contributio .
 benevolent bureaucrat : ban ki-moon <sec> ban ki-moon elected eighth u.n. secretary-general in october 2006 .  ban has pushed sudan on peacekeepers in darfur and focused on climate change .  ban was ban was south korea 's foreign minister from jan. 2004 to nov. 2006 .  he has long been actively involved in issues relating to inter-korean relation .
 indonesia 's parliamentary elections begin <sec> 12,000 people , 38 parties vying for one of 700 parliamentary .  parties need 25 percent of the vote to name a presidential candidate for july poll .  third direct election since the authoritarian regime of suharto fell in 1998 .  indonesia is the world 's most populous muslim natio .
 australia seeks answers to worst naval disaster <sec> the wreckage of sydney ii was found in march 2008 off australia 's western coast .  delay in announcing the boat 's loss in 1941 fueled various theories over the years .  inquiry lawyer : some proponents of theories will be allowed to present their cas .
 woman alleges cosby raped her , other playboy bunnies <sec> p.j . .  masten says she was a playboy bunny when she met comedian bill cosby .  she alleges that cosby drugged and raped her in a chicago hotel .  masten says other former playboy bunnies were sexually assaulted by cosby .  the comedian 's camp has repeatedly , vigorously denied similar storie .
 mexico struggles to rein in armed vigilantes battling drug cartel <sec> mexico orders vigilante groups to lay down their weapons .  the groups say they 're protecting citizens against the knights templar cartel .  residents say they 're caught in the middle of spiraling violence .  some worry the armed vigilantes could have a darker ai .
 egypt : mohamed morsy trial interrupted by defendants ' chanting <sec> `` what 's happening is a cover for the military coup , '' morsy says in court .  trial adjourned until january after opening hearing interrupted twice .  outside court , protesters chant and briefly attack news crews .  morsy is accused of inciting violence against protesters in december 201 .
 premier league sorry for 'mourinho to chelsea ' mistake <sec> english premier league apologizes to chelsea after publishing a story about jose mourinho .  epl website reported that mourinho has returned to stamford bridge after leaving real madrid .  the story was later taken down and the epl insists it has no prior knowledge of his return .  real madrid president florentino perez will continue in the role for the next four year .
 nasa plans capsule to take humans into deep space <sec> new craft wo n't be ready until 2016 at earliest .  it could go to moon or mars .  separate crew compartment needed to go farther .  capsule intended to fill gap created by end to shuttle progra .
 'no negotiations ' on falklands , britain vows <sec> new : a spokesman says argentina has not yet filed a protest with the united nations .  the uk foreign office says falkland islands residents are british by choice .  britain won the 1982 war over the falkland islands .  argentina still claims the territory , which it calls the malvina .
 federal judge blocks parts of south carolina anti-immigration law <sec> judge blocks parts of south carolina 's immigration law .  three sections will not go into effect .  south carolina attorney general notes much of the law will go into effec .
 commentary : do n't let general motors go bankrupt <sec> jack nerad : some argue that a quick bankruptcy is best course for gm .  he says bankruptcy will reduce sale of gm cars , even with government warranty .  nerad says gm suppliers could be driven into bankruptcy by such a move .  he says bankruptcy is being used as a hammer for gm to get concession .
 dutch city turns church into a luxury experience <sec> maastricht , a southern dutch city , is full of fantastic restaurants and sights .  former churches have been converted into a restaurant and book store .  caves used to host functions for up to 400 peopl .
 man freed from death row : 'no anger in my heart ' <sec> `` ai n't no anger in my heart . .  i forgive those people , '' says henry mccollum .  dna evidence frees both him and his half-brother , leon brown .  the brothers had been convicted in the rape , murder of an 11-year-old chil .
 pink floyd drummer rejects labels <sec> pink floyd 's entire studio catalog has been remastered .  drummer nick mason says band is n't just `` space rock '' .  band is getting along fine these days , mason say .
 shakira and usher bring new competitive edge to 'the voice ' <sec> usher and shakira will filling in for cee lo green and christina aguilera .  rolling stone sat in on some blind auditions .  how long the pair will remain on the show is up in the ai .
 syrian group cited as new york times outage continues <sec> new york times site still experiencing problems following tuesday outage .  syrian electronic army takes credit for new york times attack .  the group is loyal to syrian president bashar al-assad .  twitter also experienced problems on tuesday due to a similar attac .
 official : not close to charging anyone in killing of texas da <sec> officials are still trying to determine whether the killings are linked .  mclellands were shot more than a dozen times , an official says .  mike mclelland was the second kaufman county prosecutor slain in two months .  assistant district attorney mark hasse was shot to death in januar .
 first lady : childhood obesity fight is about fitness , not looks <sec> new : michelle obama on `` larry king live '' : small changes can make a difference .  first lady introduces national campaign to fight obesity in children .  president obama signs memo establishing task force on childhood obesity .  number of overweight children has tripled since 1970 , study find .
 eric cantor dropping leadership post , calls loss 'personal setback ' <sec> cantor lost a primary battle in virginia on tuesday in a stunning upset .  the loss shakes up the republican leadership picture in the house .  cantor was thought to be a likely successor to house speaker john boehner .  boehner reaffirms his intention to remain speake .
 cast of new allen film goes with 'whatever works ' <sec> woody allen 's new film is `` whatever works '' .  movie stars larry david , rachel evan wood and patricia clarkson .  david plays a grouchy new yorker who takes up with the younger wood .  clarkson says allen manages to always keep it `` fresh .
 'sweatbox ' victims were attending 'spiritual warrior ' program <sec> new : illnesses occur during event led by author james arthur ray , reports say .  new : evidence `` may turn this into a criminal prosecution , '' sheriff says .  about 50 people had spent up to two hours inside the `` sweatbox , '' officials said .  resort is nonprofit religious organization , web site say .
 tracy morgan 's mom pleads for his help saving home ; he says stories `` untrue '' <sec> new : tracy morgan says he 's not seen mother in 11 years `` for reasons that are between us '' .  `` i am not some person on the street ... .  i am your mother , ' '' she says she told him .  alicia morgan 's ohio home faces foreclosure this month , her daughter say .
 pedrosa snatches pole at mugello <sec> dani pedrosa snatches pole position from motogp world champion jorge lorenzo .  spaniard beats his own record time at mugello ahead of sunday 's italian grand prix .  pedrosa was angry with other slower riders for getting in his way on the track .  his teammate marc marquez battles his way up to sixth after crash-strewn practice .
 tight security in india 's punjab for slain preacher 's funeral <sec> tensions ease in punjab after widespread violence over sikh guru 's death .  sant rama nand shot dead in temple in vienna , austria ; another guru wounded .  nand 's body is due to arrive from vienna early thursda .
 little-known fecal transplant cures woman 's bacterial infection <sec> after surviving a car accident , kaitlin hunter battled a bacterial infection .  nine rounds of antibiotics failed to provide a cure .  hunter underwent a fecal matter transplant with material from her mother .  her doctor says gastroenterologists are `` very excited '' about the treatmen .
 what is cerebral hypoxia ? <sec> cerebral hypoxia can be caused by flying at too high an altitude .  it can cause someone to pass out , stop breathing temporarily or die .  pilots tracking the plane could see a pilot slumped over , norad say .
 prankster : wisconsin governor out to help wealthy backers <sec> ian murphy calls gov . .  walker `` delusional '' and a `` right-winger '' .  the blogger poses as a billionaire political activist and calls walker .  walker : `` the things i said are the things i 've said publicly all along '' .  he urges the 14 democratic senators to come back to the capito .
 boy swept away in arizona flooding ; l.a. evacuation lifted <sec> family in arizona escapes to higher ground in flood , but 6-year-old boy did n't make it .  authorities classifying the arizona operation as a recovery .  in los angeles , 2,000 residents who were evacuated can return hom .
 new orleans restaurants struggle to stay afloat <sec> new orleans has seen its number of restaurants increase since hurricane katrina .  stephen schwarz says it 's a constant struggle to keep his restaurant up and running .  recession reducing number of people with disposable income heading to the city .  schwarz has received a grant , low-interest loan as part of state 's recovery effor .
 the man who got india drinking wine <sec> rajeev samant founded one of india 's most successful wineries -- sula vineyards .  however , samant studied engineering at stanford university and before becoming a winemaker worked for oracle .  his sula vineyards were first to be featured in wine spectator , a respected industry magazin .
 at least 26 hurt as airliner hits turbulence <sec> airliner hits turbulence , is forced to divert to miami , florida .  at least 26 people hurt , four of them seriously .  jet had been en route from rio de janeiro , brazil , to houston , texa .
 wendy davis : from teen mom to harvard law to famous filibuster - cnnpolitics.com <sec> texas state sen. wendy davis wore pink running shoes during filibuster .  she 's described as `` successful attorney '' whose clients include public entities .  she was a teen mom who pursued education and attended harvard law school .  her office was firebombed last yea .
 why women in business are flocking to twitter chat <sec> twitter chats have gained momentous popularity over the last few years .  participants join via a bespoke hashtag at a predesignated time on a particular topic .  chat 's allow networking , support and access to experts otherwise impossible .  cnn will co-host a chat on sept 28 8p/11e on the subject of women at wor .
 german power lies in coalition <sec> angela merkel 's cdu are favorites to win the election .  but they will need a coalition partner to rule .  merkel has publicly named the liberal democrats as her preferred choice .  but the current partner , the social democrats , may be the end resul .
 police find that 'holy sand ' was drugs <sec> police : man stopped at amsterdam 's schiphol airport dressed as a priest .  initially refused to be searched , saying that he was a religious person .  found to have $ 155,000 worth of cocaine strapped to his legs under his vestments .  officers trying to establish whether the man , on flight from peru , is a pries .
 new yorker says he would have been suicide bomber <sec> man has pleaded guilty to charges of aiding al qaeda .  bryant neal vinas ' interview with belgian prosecutors is released .  vinas says he received extra religious instruction to be ok 'd as bomber .  he says he discussed attacks in the west with al qaeda , including in the u.s .
 'marigold hotel ' defies the naysayers <sec> despite patronizing critics , `` best exotic marigold hotel '' is surprise hit movie of the year .  nicolaus mills : movie 's popularity shows audiences do care about older people 's lives .  mills : english literature often points up failures of british society by contrasting life abroad .  `` marigold hotel '' reveals the compassion in india that was lacking in life in englan .
 opinion : we 're living '1984 ' today <sec> lewis beale : we live in age where authorities , companies collect information about us .  he says after snowden spying revelations , sales of george orwell 's `` 1984 '' spiked .  he says elements like `` doublethink '' and `` endless war '' have parallels today .  beale : in a modern surveillance state , we 're all suspect .
 charlie hebdo i am not ( opinion ) <sec> sally kohn : it 's possible to back free speech but object to charlie hebdo cartoons .  kohn warns not to dismiss all of islam as extrem .
 marshal kills utah gang defendant who rushed court witness , feds say <sec> new : witness tell cnn affiliates a prisoner was on the witness stand , testifying about gang life .  new : woman says man who was shot appeared furious .  officials : defendant -- alleged to be a gang member -- rushed at witness on first day of trial .  defendant charged with racketeering conspiracy , accused of several robberie .
 craig : i did nothing 'inappropriate ' in airport bathroom <sec> new : idaho senator : i did nothing inappropriate ; i am not gay .  new : republican senators call for ethics review of sen. larry craig case .  craig pleaded guilty this month to disorderly conduct at minnesota airport .  police officer reports senator peered into stall , gave a `` signal '' in jun .
 farms fell short on safety , fda chief says <sec> fda commissioner says `` about 1,000 '' sickened by salmonella .  producer says it 's `` devastated '' by outbreak .  hillandale farms says it shared supplier with wright county egg .  wright county says managers addressed problems `` swiftly and effectively .
 fashion brand creates buzz with africa-inspired designs <sec> rwandan entrepreneur teta isibo is the owner of inzuki designs .  the fashion brand specializes in handmade jewelry , accessories and interior decor .  its locally-source products fuse traditional craftsmanship and contemporary styl .
 obama , lady gaga compete for facebook fan record <sec> president and pop star are top competitors in facebook fan race .  one of them could become the first living person with more than 10 million facebook fans .  michael jackson has more than 13 million fans on site .  social networking site says it has more than 400 million active user .
 u.s. offers aid , sends teams to help typhoon-ravaged philippines <sec> u.s. military will support typhoon recovery efforts in various ways .  usaid announces an initial $ 100,000 for the philippines after huge typhoon .  u.s. government is sending several teams to assess damage , assist .  the united states and the philippines are longtime allie .
 facebook rolls out 'verified accounts , ' celeb nicknames <sec> facebook is rolling out `` verified accounts '' on thursday .  system will let people with lots of subscribers apply to be verified .  those people also will be allowed to prominently display stage names , nickname .
 anxiety abounds as new orleans braces for another hit <sec> katrina survivors face more stress with new looming hurricane .  study : new orleans ' post-traumatic stress disorder rate is more than 25 percent .  city 's mental health services have n't recovered from katrina losse .
 northern ireland : 56 police hurt in belfast disorder <sec> new : `` those people had no intention of peaceful protest , '' says top police officer .  police say 56 officers were hurt in violent clashes with loyalists in belfast .  the violence broke out as loyalists staged protests against a nationalist march .  belfast 's main shopping district was the focus of the disturbance .
 solstice fast facts <sec> the solstice happens twice each year when the sun is at either its northernmost or southernmost position .  summer solstice will occur on june 21 , 2013 at 5:04am ut in the northern hemisphere .  winter solstice will take place on december 21 , 2013 at 5:11pm ut in the northern hemispher .
 volcanic ash cancels flights to bali <sec> an ash cloud has affected flights to the indonesian island of bali .  several airlines have canceled international flight .
 belgium strikes disrupt travel as eu summit begins <sec> eurostar and thalys international train lines are affected .  unions say the strike is necessary because government talks are going slowly .  cnn journalists do not see strikes or major traffic disruption .
 survey finds egyptians favor advisory role for religious leaders <sec> the survey finds two-thirds of egyptians are suspicious of the united states .  the role of social media in the revolution is largely overstated , the survey says .  only 8 % say they got their news about the revolution from twitter or facebook , it says .  more than 60 % say their opinion of u.s. will change if it changes its policy on israe .
 republicans reject government shutdown as a viable option for immigration reform <sec> president obama is expected to take executive action if congress does n't act .  several lawmakers weighed in sunday saying a shutdown would n't solve anything .  mitt romney says there 's `` got to be more productive ways '' to work with the presiden .
 winter storm pounds new england <sec> boston to lift snow emergency thursday .  massachusetts mobilizes 250 national guardsmen amid blizzard conditions .  hundreds of flights are canceled at boston 's logan international airport .  more than 15,000 households are without power in massachusett .
 u.s. takes a new step toward commercial drones <sec> the federal aviation administration announces sites for testing .  drones are used overseas in counterterror operations .  but they are also becoming more popular in domestic security , law enforcement .  faa looks to develop standards for their use in domestic airspac .
 opinion : why a minority opposes affirmative action <sec> ruben navarrette : there 's an old and new way of thinking about affirmative action .  navarrette : some think use of racial criteria in college admission helps minorities .  but asian-americans , a powerful minority in california , oppose affirmative action .  navarrette : the debate in california is not about `` reparations , '' but rather `` merit .
 donetsk , ukraine : photos of a besieged ukrainian city <sec> photojournalist jonathan alpeyrie returned to donetsk , ukraine , two weeks ago .  donetsk is held by pro-russian rebels but the ukrainian army has gradually encircled it .  alpeyrie 's photographs show the life of the residents surviving under siege .  the images show them sheltering in cellars or clearing rubble from their home .
 column defending cops in ferguson sparks online fury <sec> new : father in ferguson : respect police , or it could be `` you laying on that ground '' .  `` if you do n't want to get shot , tased ... do what i tell you , '' a veteran cop writes .  sunil dutta spent 17 years with the lapd .  `` the outrageous thing is that we accept it , '' a critic write .
