 opinion : who 's to blame for iraq crisis <sec> writers : troop collapse in mosul predictable since iraq 's politicization of security forces .  prime minister marginalized sunnis , kurds , replaced them with shiite loyalists , they say .  writers : he 's dismantled sunni `` awakening '' forces that helped rout al qaeda in iraq .  nuri al-maliki should seek security forces he 's shunned , but he 's unlikely to , they sa .
 atf agent can write 'fast and furious ' book , ca n't profit from it <sec> john dodson , an atf agent , wants to write an insider 's account of the u.s. operation .  aclu said forbidding the book 's publication violated dodson 's first amendment rights .  agencies will review his manuscript , make redactions , law enforcement official says .  earlier , the government said it was blocking publication for morale , ethics reason .
 springsteen and mccartney cut off by london curfew <sec> bruce springsteen and paul mccartney have sound cut off at london festival .  fans left angry and disappointed as rock idols are forced to cut set short .  concert organizers pull the plug in line with local council 's strict curfew .  new : lead guitarist says : `` when i 'm jamming with mccartney do n't bug me ! .
 morocco 's aviation industry spreads its wings <sec> morocco 's aeronautics sector benefits from the country 's location , political stability and competitive workforce .  the industry is growing fast and factories are expanding to support that growth .  morocco needs though to overcome training challenges and create more added-value to succeed in the secto .
 on iraq , congress says obama has authority <sec> obama says he is consulting congress in accordance with the war powers act .  congress mostly agrees that the president has authority for now .  president argued against congressional ok for action in libya .  war powers resolution passed in 1973 over nixon 's vet .
 handwriting through the ages : an abridged history of english script <sec> before printing press , handwriting a specialized , labor-intensive monastic discipline .  handwriting history shows how collision between secular , sacred informs literary traditions .  `` the real purpose of writing was to propagate the word of god , '' english professor says .  ironically , manuscript process and computer programming share parallels in evolutio .
 agencies : no need for baby formula recall <sec> `` there is no need for a recall of infant formula , '' federal health officials say .  dna fingerprinting finds the missouri and illinois bacteria are different , suggesting they 're not related .  cdc recommends breastfeeding whenever possibl .
 hillary clinton gets personal in push for female voters <sec> hillary clinton , who regularly pitches female voters , got personal in her plea on tuesday . .  the personal remarks resembled a message clinton could use should she run for president . .  `` you have the same right to the american dream that i did , '' clinton said americans should be able to tell children .  this was clinton 's second trip to colorado in a week .
 indictment of alleged 'grim sleeper ' serial killer unsealed <sec> the `` grim sleeper '' killings claimed at least 10 lives from 1985 until 2007 .  lonnie davie franklin jr. was arrested in the case .  a grand jury returned an 11-count indictment against franklin .  he was arraigned thursday on 10 counts of murder and one of attempted murde .
 student suspended for sexual harassment after hugging teacher <sec> georgia senior gets year-long suspension after hugging a teacher , wgcl reported .  video shows student hugging the teacher , then the teacher pushing him away .  district : a student 's past disciplinary history taken into account .  student told wgcl he has discipline record , suspensions but not for harassmen .
 3rd person in southwest 737 cockpit raises new questions <sec> new : 3rd person in cockpit of a southwest 737 that landed at wrong airport placed on leave .  new : no apparent air traffic controller issue , says industry official .  new : the 737 is back in service , suggesting the probe is focused on human factors .  source : investigators will want to know if the pilots were distracted by the additional perso .
 nadal 's conqueror rosol bows out to kohlschreiber <sec> lukas rosol crashes out to philipp kohlshreiber in wimbledon third round .  rosol beat rafael nadal but goes out in straight sets .  marin cilic wins second longest wimbledon clash against sam querrey .  andy murray survives to face cilic in the fourth roun .
 north korea 's message to washington and iran <sec> north korea launched a long-range rocket that broke apart after liftoff .  frida ghitis : north korea defied the world , and there is not much the u.s. can do .  she says the impunity of north korea sets a dangerous example .  ghitis : for countries such as iran , there 's more incentive not to give up nuclear progra .
 ipod creator : apple 's forstall 'got what he deserved ' <sec> apple 's former top hardware designer says apple 's scott forstall `` got what he deserved '' .  forstall 's departure from apple was announced last month as part of an executive shakeup .  tony fadell made the comments in a recent bbc intervie .
 does north korea think u.s. going soft ? <sec> david rothkopf : pyongyang 's bluster comical and implausible , but it must be taken seriously .  he says enemies may mistakenly believe u.s. caution on intervention means it 's `` soft '' .  he says more often than not , u.s. posture is policy , but testing resolve would be error .  rothkopf : obama has shown that when threat is most urgent he does not hesitate to ac .
 mandela posters mark 95th birthday <sec> mandela poster project exhibiting 95 posters of the former south african president .  project received more than 700 poster submissions from around the world .  mandela day has been celebrated worldwide since 2009 .  the day encourages 67 minutes of good deeds from participant .
 protesters encircle white house grounds , demanding halt to huge pipeline project <sec> new : thousands of protesters encircle white house grounds , chanting `` stop the pipeline '' .  new : they claim jobs created from the project are not worth the environmental costs .  transcanada claims that the 1,700-mile pipeline will be safe and secure .  critics say , among other concerns , it might poison water sources in its pat .
 olmert : right-wing u.s. cash derailed israeli peace plan <sec> ehud olmert says extreme right-wing elements in the united states helped derail his peace plan .  they poured millions of dollars into efforts to topple him from office , he says .  olmert , who quit as prime minister amid corruption allegations , does not name the right-wing figures .  his 2008 peace plan proposed a two-state solution based on the 1967 border .
 barbecue , bible and abe chase racism from mississippi rib joint <sec> one of the oldest restaurants in mississippi defied segregation .  abe 's bbq in clarksdale was founded by lebanese immigrant abraham davis .  `` we knew how the blacks must 've felt , '' says son pat davis .  long-time worker : abe 's is symbol of great barbecue and the civil rights struggl .
 'big bang ' writers tease details on sheldon , amy romance <sec> 'big bang ' comic-con panel teased upcoming season .  johnny galecki surprised in 'star wars ' costume .  sheldon and amy may consummate their relationshi .
 engineers : dangling crane tied securely to nyc building <sec> since tuesday , engineers have been inside the one57 building on west 57th .  high winds toppled a crane boom some 90 stories above new york city .  bloomberg said engineers will be `` tying the boom to the building so that they can then work around the top of it '' .  the whole process could take weeks , the mayor sai .
 liverpool send man utd crashing out of fa cup <sec> late winner from dirk kuyt sees merseyside club progress to fifth round of historic english cup competition .  epl giants chelsea also progress with 1-0 win over queens park rangers .  norwich city beat west brom 2-1 ; bolton wanderers beat swansea city by same margi .
 5 things we 've learned from petraeus scandal <sec> frida ghitis : petraeus scandal is far from clear , but we 've learned some things anyway .  she says libido and arrogance continue to make accomplished men do stupid things .  she says anything you write in an e-mail is not really private ; the fbi can look if it so chooses .  ghitis : americans torn about what 's public , private ; prefer a sex scandal to real issue .
 cnn student news transcript - march 1 , 2013 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 klose keeps lazio in italian title race <sec> veteran striker miroslav klose earns lazio a 1-0 victory at home to second-placed inter milan .  result means leaders juventus can move seven points clear of inter with victory on sunday .  in spain , malaga move to within four points of third-placed real madrid with 2-0 win at sevilla .  in germany , bayern munich denied a record winter-break lead as bayer leverkusen beat hambur .
 milder atlantic hurricane season predicted this year <sec> accuweather forecast joins three others predicting milder hurricane season .  latest forecast : 13 named storms , 8 hurricanes in 2009 atlantic season .  predictions likely to be tweaked closer to the season , june 1 to november 30 .  last year was fourth busiest atlantic hurricane season since 194 .
 end statute of limitations on child sex crimes <sec> jon wertheim : charges of sex abuse ca n't be pursued once victims reach certain age .  but abuse depends on secrecy and shame , he says , so victims often take years to reveal it .  prosecutors wo n't bring case against bernie fine because accusers are too old , he writes .  wertheim : in sandusky case , alleged victims can not sue after the age of 3 .
 holding gitmo inmates would be economic boost , illinois officials say <sec> proposal calls for using maximum-security prison in struggling northern illinois .  on monday , federal officials to visit facility in thomson , about 150 miles west of chicago .  `` it 's good for our economy , it 's good for public safety , '' illinois governor says .  but rep. mark kirk says plan could make chicago `` ground zero '' for terror plots , recruitmen .
 'tonight show ' favorite david brenner dies at 78 <sec> david brenner appeared 158 times on johnny carson 's late-night show .  brenner started out in television documentaries .  `` knowing david , he 's now making the devil laugh , '' joan rivers tweet .
 10 killed in pakistani air base attack <sec> new : pakistan 's prime minister condemns the `` act of terrorism '' .  the fighting took place during a predawn meal in observance of ramadan .  the taliban claimed responsibility .  the attack came amid talk of a planned offensiv .
 the oregon brewers festival : 'america 's oktoberfest ' <sec> oregon brewers festival is a five-day annual event started in 1988 in portland .  more than 80,000 beer fans from all around world gather at this year 's obf .  the obf is a free and family-friendly beer party with more than 80 different craft beer .
 super bowl : seven commercials to watch <sec> part of the fun of the super bowl is watching the ads .  a number of them have been released before the big game .  these seven are ones we ca n't wait to watch agai .
 rice : reports of a u.s. apology to afghanistan are false <sec> new : u.s. secretary of state john kerry offered a letter of assurances , not apologies , officials say .  reports the u.s. will offer an apology are false , the national security adviser says .  u.s. : a `` general '' security agreement was reached last month , but some issues remain .  u.s.-led military raids on afghan homes have been a major point of discussio .
 dna match leads to search for suspect in dallas sexual assaults <sec> at least nine similar assaults have been reported in south dallas this summer .  attacker wore a mask or bandanna .  police say dna match points to suspect van dralan dixso .
 hispanic heritage month : its origin and the former intern behind it <sec> former washington intern shares story of how hispanic heritage month came to be .  robert lopez pushed the idea in 1988 while working for congressional hispanic caucus .  lopez faced resistance from members but kept working for passage of the bill .  `` you ca n't really understand american history without understanding latino history .
 electric zoo festival-goers must watch anti-drug video <sec> electric zoo concert-goers will be required to watch anti-drug video at this month 's event .  last year , deaths of two electric zoo attendees believed to be linked to mdma .  electric zoo promoters agreed to city 's recommendation that the festival be canceled last summe .
 this week on inside africa ... <sec> inside africa reports on africa 's seats in the united nations security council .  cnn 's tj holmes sat down with alicia keys to talk about her visit in africa .  photographer tim hetherington shows us his liberia photo exhibit .  plus , world food prize and nigerian foreign minister ojo maduekw .
 threat forces chinese flight diversion for 2nd day in a row <sec> a shenzhen airlines flight was diverted after a threat , the airline said .  wednesday , an air china flight had to divert after an unspecified threat .  some chinese travelers are using social media sites to voice their anxiet .
 ntsb : no evidence of fire before truck hit california students ' bus <sec> `` nothing is ruled out yet , '' ntsb member says .  investigators look at truck driver 's last 72 hours , including cell phone use .  ntsb : `` fatigue , distraction and other human performance issues are at the top of our list '' .  crash kills 10 people -- 5 high school students , 3 chaperones and both driver .
 peru plans off-balance , cliff-edge hotel <sec> spanish design firm ooiio has an imaginative design for its upcoming hotel project in peru .  called `` unbalance hotel , '' the design resembles a tilted photo frame by the cliff .  the design will avoid blocking sea views and aims to become a landmark for lim .
 roger federer tastes double defeat at shanghai masters <sec> roger federer loses to gael monfils in third round of the shanghai masters .  former world no . .  1 also beaten in the doubles later thursday .  the 17-time grand slam winner battling to qualify for atp world tour finals .  he missed out on a shanghai quarterfinal against world no . .  2 novak djokovi .
 trial starts for friend of boston bombing suspect <sec> prosecutors allege azmat tazhayakov helped dispose of dzhokhar tsarnaev 's items .  tazhayakov knew identity of bombers before the public , prosecutors said .  his lawyers said tazhayakov did everything he could to assist the fbi .  they said statements from him during questioning were coerce .
 sotomayor is tough judge with breadstick habit , colleagues say <sec> colleagues recall sotomayor as tireless , focused worker .  `` her hobby is people , '' says friend , former columbia university colleague .  critics call her `` prickly '' ; former aide says tough talk is saved for the bench .  lifelong yankees fan 's most high-profile case ended baseball strik .
 young kim looks to build his own legacy in north korea <sec> new leader kim jong un has stepped out of his late father 's shadow .  presided over successful rocket launch after humiliation of april failure .  like his father , kim has ignored international condemnation .  kim is more personable , speaking publicly , appearing with his wif .
 rights groups ask supreme court to block part of texas abortion law <sec> abortion-rights groups ask the supreme court to block part of texas law .  they say that a ruling has led to the cancellation of abortion appointments .  justice antonin scalia gives the state until november 12 to respond .  the bill originally failed to gain approval because of a democratic filibuste .
 tom vilsack to announce 7 'climate hubs ' to help rural communities <sec> agriculture secretary tom vilsack to introduce the new venture wednesday .  climate change has led to increased risks for farmers , ranchers and landowners .  the hubs are part of a broader u.s. commitment to deal with climate chang .
 apple : we did n't give ids to the fbi <sec> apple : we did n't give iphone , ipad ids to the fbi .  hackers claim they got 12 million numbers from an agent 's laptop .  apple 's new mobile operating system will quit using the numbers .  meanwhile , journalist poses in tutu to get hacker intervie .
 the weirdest thing at sochi ? your face on a giant screen <sec> sochi visitors can see their own face rendered on a giant morphing wall . .  the 20 feet tall facade is made of 11,000 pistons , each acting as its own led-tipped pixel . .  the creator refrained from rendering the spectators ' faces in true color as it was too scary .
 violence mars mexico 's independence day celebration <sec> new : death toll rises to eight in two blasts , official says ; more than 100 wounded .  new : mexican president says federal officials will help investigate .  explosions occurred during independence day celebration in moreli .
 do n't let superstorm sway your vote <sec> frida ghitis has seen disasters around the world change people 's vote .  approval ratings soar or plummet depending on disaster performance , she says .  ghitis : both political camps are handling the aftermath of sandy with exact care .  voters must keep in mind all the candidate stood for before disaster happened , she say .
 al jazeera journalists freed from prison <sec> their retrial resumes february 23 .  mohamed fahmy says he reluctantly surrendered his egyptian citizenship to facilitate his releas .
 new jersey mall gunman found dead hours after shooting <sec> `` we 're all devastated , '' says gunman 's brother .  the brother called authorities after hearing about shots at the mall .  the gunman is identified as 20-year-old richard shoop .  no one else was injure .
 christians senselessly tormented by extremists in muslim world <sec> ahmed , chane : bonds deep between christians and muslims ; both faiths revere jesus .  yet , christians being savagely killed in iraq , under siege in egypt and pakistan , they say .  mohammed named christians , as he did jews , as respected `` people of the book , '' they write .  writers : islamic scholars need to speak out against extremists behind persecution .
 barclays to shrink controversial unit <sec> barclays will take the axe to its controversial tax structuring unit .  uk lender seeks to clean up its image in the wake of a succession of scandals .  comes as global banks from goldman sachs to deutsche bank are reviewing their business .  barclays ceo : all activities would in future be `` screened for reputational impact .
 jurors deliberate : should jodi arias die ? <sec> jurors will continue deliberations on sentencing wednesday .  jurors are weighing whether jodi arias should receive the death penalty .  the prosecutor says the death penalty is `` the honest , right thing '' .  arias pleads for her life , saying she could make a difference in priso .
 200k flee syria in 4 days , monitor says <sec> as many as 200,000 people have fled a syrian kurdish area , a monitor group says .  kurdish fighters from turkey are arriving on the border to join the fight against isis .  official : `` isis brought weapons from iraq and raqqa . .  they have tanks , rpgs , cannons '' .  the number of syrian refugees in turkey surpasses 130,000 , a u.n. official says .
 medicare patients could see better care <sec> obama administration plan to redirect spending to health care provides that stress quality , frugality .  the plan would change medicare 's traditional fee-for-service strateg .
 bangladesh asked to find a compromise to end bank crisis <sec> state department official says u.s. is `` deeply troubled '' by the situation .  yunus and nine grameen bank directors have petitions pending before appeals court .  nobel peace laureate muhammad yunus was removed as head of bank he founde .
 what china can learn from hong kong in its fight against corruption <sec> 40 years ago , corruption was rife in hong kong , experts say .  now it 's considered one of the least corrupt territories in the world .  china , however , rates poorly on the index by transparency international .  it 's in 80th place on the corruption perceptions index , near serbia and trinidad and tobag .
 ex-cop arrested in fatal theater shooting 'nice guy , ' neighbor says <sec> police files state shooter had mostly high marks during his time as officer .  curtis reeves , 71 , charged with second-degree murder in theater shooting .  an ex-captain with tampa police , reeves helped set up tactical response team .  he was `` always smiling . .  i 've never seen him angry , '' neighbor says of reeve .
 nazi concentration camp survivor , 90 , found strangled <sec> felix brinkmann , a native of latvia , was a survivor of three concentration camps .  brinkmann spent years in the nightclub business after he and his wife immigrated .  he had lived alone in an upper east side apartment since his wife died last year .  police : `` man and a woman '' being sought in connection with the homicid .
 'doctor death ' convicted of manslaughter in australia <sec> indian-born doctor , found guilty in 3 deaths , will be sentenced thursday .  jayant patel also found guilty of grievous bodily harm to fourth person .  prosecutors painted a picture of patel as a 'bad surgeon motivated by ego ' .  he was extradited last year from portland , orego .
 brazil drops 'happy being a prostitute ' ad campaign <sec> the campaign aimed to promote safe sex .  it also sought to reduce the stigma against sex workers .  prostitution is legal in brazi .
 london police did n't respond to burglar alarm <sec> british tabloid releases video it says shows the robbery being carried out .  british police say they did n't respond to a burglar alarm in jewelry district .  police give no value of the amount taken in the heist in london 's jewelry distric .
