 can ghana 's economy prosper against the odds ? <sec> ghana , whose president john atta mills died in july , is holding elections in december .  the smooth transfer of power after his death attests to the strength of ghana 's democracy .  yet , serious obstacles lie ahead for ghana 's economic prosperity .  uncertainty about elections , coupled with bloated bureaucracy and overspending , are the biggest hurdle .
 'isa pleads not guilty in iraq bombing case from 2009 <sec> accused of orchestrating a deadly 2009 bombing in iraq , faruq khalil muhammad 'isa pleads not guilty in u.s. court .  authorities believe he helped set up the attack from edmonton , alberta , in canada .  five u.s. soldiers and several iraqi citizens died in the suicide bombin .
 investigators find cracks in second dreamliner engine <sec> inspectors find second cracked general electric engine on new 787 airliners .  first engine cracks found in july during taxi test , ntsb says .  a similar engine lost power aboard a boeing 747 in china earlier this month .  high-tech dreamliner set to begin u.s. domestic routes in novembe .
 cecilia sarkozy : i prefer shadows <sec> french president nicolas sarkozy 's wife cecilia says she did n't like spotlight .  former model said it was no longer possible to keep their marriage together .  the split came after 11 years of marriag .
 tributes pour after death of rajesh khanna , 'the first bollywood superstar ' <sec> his movies are part of indian `` film folklore , '' the prime minister says .  the actor had been in and out of hospital in recent months .  he is best remembered for the romantic movies he made in the '60s and '70s .  khanna also spent four years as a lawmaker in the indian parliamen .
 gervinho sees red as gunners draw blank <sec> arsenal 's new signing sent off after altercation with newcastle 's joey barton .  liverpool start with 1-1 home draw against sunderland ; villa draw 0-0 at fulham .  bolton beat new boys queens park rangers 4-0 ; wolves open with win at blackbur .
 ed mcmahon hospitalized <sec> ed mcmahon has been in the hospital for almost a month .  he is in serious condition , says spokesman .  mcmahon best known as johnny carson 's longtime `` tonight '' show sidekic .
 two words make joe wilson an internet sensation <sec> little-known south carolina congressman shouts , `` you lie ! '' .  at president obama .  wikipedia disables editing for rep. joe wilson 's entry , citing `` vandalism '' .  name-calling rampant on facebook and twitter as political passions run hig .
 review : david bowie 's first new album in 10 years <sec> `` the next day '' is david bowie 's first new album in 10 years .  it was n't due to hit stores until march 12 , but it 's now streaming on itunes .  bowie 's 26th album finds him vacillating between forward-looking restlessness and outright nostalgi .
 dropbox acquires buzzworthy app mailbox <sec> mailbox , the hot email-management app , has been purchased by dropbox .  the app , which works with gmail , has a waiting list with 100s of thousands of people .  being bought by the cloud-storage company may speed things u .
 earn those pints in ireland <sec> ireland 's gray skies make going to the pub practically irresistible .  but why not stave off that guinness belly with some pulse-pounding activities ? .  try kitesurfing , zorbing or rock climbing before you duck in for a pint or tw .
 give immigrant kids a fair shake <sec> charles garcia : a judge ruled that children of immigrants in florida deserve in-state tuition .  he says children born in the u.s. are american citizens , should n't be treated differently .  garcia : give young people a chance at college and they 'll boost the econom .
 state media : peru 's president to supervise mine rescue <sec> new : peru 's president says it will be `` a few hours '' before the rescue begins .  new : the miners ' `` spirits are quite high , '' president ollanta humala says .  nine miners have been trapped since thursday .  in 2010 , 33 miners were rescued after being trapped underground for 69 days in chil .
 uk to compensate families over 1972 bloody sunday massacre <sec> the ministry of defence says it acknowledges the pain felt by families .  british troops shot dead 13 people and a 14th later died of his injuries .  a report last year found that british soldiers were to blame in the massacre .  bloody sunday is widely accepted as having fueled violence in northern irelan .
 online black friday sales top $ 1 billion <sec> u.s. consumers spent record $ 1.042 billion online on black friday , up 26 % over 2011 .  it marks the first time e-commerce spending on that day has topped $ 1 billion .  online spending is up 16 % this holiday season over 201 .
 'friends with kids ' : a strange message from rom-com land <sec> jennifer westfeldt and adam scott star in `` friends with kids '' .  scott effortlessly steals the show , softening westfeldt 's brittle cuteness .  the dialogue climaxes in a vulgar kicker ; it 's unnecessary in a comedy for adult .
 report : 'bin laden was within our grasp ' <sec> report released by senate panel blames bush officials for bin laden escape .  `` bin laden expected to die , '' report says , noting that a copy of his will was found .  `` requests were also turned down for u.s. troops to block the mountain paths , '' report say .
 'consummate ' journalist , former cnner stuart loory dies <sec> ted turner says stuart loory was an excellent journalist .  loory covered johnson , nixon , early manned space flights .  he was a moscow correspondent twice , once for cn .
 congress : 12 work days to compromise on border crisis <sec> new : texas legislators unveil a proposal to hasten some deportations .  divided on immigration , legislators tackle the surge of central american children .  president obama wants $ 3.7 billion to bolster an overwhelmed system .  u.s. government sends about 40 recent immigrants back to hondura .
 search continues for 9 in chilly pacific <sec> new : coast guard capt . .  thomas farris : `` we 're still in the search and rescue phase '' .  a coast guard plane and a marine helicopter collided off cost of southern california .  seven people were aboard c-130 thursday , which was searching for a missing person .  the marine helicopter contained two crew member .
 after 42 years , washington 's tourmobile company makes its final run <sec> tourmobile sightseeing began showing visitors the sights of washington 42 years ago .  the company announced that monday would be its last day of operation .  the company had an exclusive contract for tours of arlington national cemetery .  the national park service says it hopes to have a new tour bus company in place by year 's en .
 more than 300 killed , 3,000 injured in iran earthquakes <sec> scores of villages are damaged or destroyed after two earthquakes .  iranian media : rescue operations have ended after the saturday quakes .  historic sites are also damaged .  iran sits on major fault lines and is prone to devastating earthquake .
 for gop star , mom , challenges go beyond congress <sec> cathy mcmorris rodgers is a four-term congresswoman from eastern washington state .  her name comes up as a possible running mate for mitt romney .  she and her husband have two children , including a son with down syndrome .  mcmorris rodgers has taken up leading causes in the disability communit .
 the legacy of 'tron ' <sec> fan anticipation is high for `` tron : legacy '' .  computer programmers , gamers inspired by original film .  original co-star says it made technology `` magical .
 3 arrested after deadly mexico hospital blast <sec> three men arrested in connection with the blast at hospital .  a nurse and two babies were killed by the blast , official says .  mexico city 's mayor says a gas leak was reported , then there was an explosio .
 paul mccartney on road to recovery from virus in japan <sec> paul mccartney `` received successful treatment '' after contracting a virus .  he canceled shows in japan after being hospitalized .  tour scheduled to go to seoul , then over to america in jun .
 report : news corp. agrees to split in two <sec> wall street journal : news corp. board agrees to split company .  journal is owned by rupert murdoch 's news corp . .  tv , film assets and the publishing wing to be separate entitie .
 milan victory turns up heat on ferrara <sec> ac milan keep up the pressure on serie a table-toppers and city rivals inter milan .  brazilian ronaldinho scores twice as milan win 3-0 at juventus to heap pressure on juve coach ciro ferrara .  the result lifts milan within eight points of inter at the top of the table with a game in han .
 why ca n't americans vote online ? <sec> online voting has been tested worldwide but not much in the united states .  security analysts say too many risks exist on the internet to make voting practical .  advocates argue banking , bill-paying are already common online .  in estonia , people have voted online since 2007 with no known security breache .
 japan elections : is abenomics working ? it depends who you ask <sec> two years after its introduction , abenomics is yet to benefit all japanese .  some sectors of the economy are doing well out of the japanese pm 's flagship policy .  but rising prices mean that not all japanese are fans of the policy .  abe is painting the impending general election as a referendum on abenomic .
 man pleads not guilty in new york mass stabbing <sec> mingdong chen is ordered held without bail .  chen , 25 , is accused killing a woman and her four children in brooklyn .  he 'd been staying with the family for about a week in the sunset park neighborhood , police say .  police : he 's accused of murder , assault , resisting arrest , criminal possession of a weapo .
 skiing 's pop queen maze did it her way <sec> tina maze has rewritten skiing 's record books this season .  slovenian ace wrapped up overall world cup title with nine races left .  defied death threats to break all-time points record of hermann maier .  maze has had a no . .  1 hit record in her native countr .
 'vampire ' burial in poland keeps alive the myth that will not die <sec> exhumed skeleton in poland revealed unusal bural practices .  some believe medieval burial was connected to fear of vampires .  vampire folklore strong in the eastern european countr .
 witnesses : security forces attack protesters and doctors in bahrain <sec> new : cnn 's mohammed jamjoon expelled from the country .  iran withdraws its ambassador to protest the crackdown .  doctors say security forces stormed hospital .  gunfire is heard at pearl roundabou .
 toddler in cursing video will remain with mother , judge rules <sec> a judge rules the toddler and his mother should live with the same foster family .  video shows toddler bombarded with obscenities , coaxed to respond in kind .  `` he 's a smart little boy . .  all that cussing that he did , he does n't do that , '' mom tells tv station .  the aclu and a community leader blast a police union that posted the vide .
 polar vortex leaves nasty surprises , still grips northern midwest <sec> the upper midwest still sees lows around minus-20 .  the low is below freezing in most of the nation .  pipes are thawing and bursting , damaging homes and businesses .  the changing weather is laying down a slick spot from the midsouth to oklahom .
 hermione frigate sets sail <sec> l'hermione is a painstaking replica of an 18th century ship of the same name .  the original fought with american colonists against the british in the revolutionary wa .
 reporter 's notebook : on blair mountain , answers are hard as rock <sec> miners like james dials say mountaintop removal coal mining preserves jobs .  health researchers worry about the effects of mining ; the epa has frozen mining permits .  environmentalists and historians say the mountains should be preserved .  `` that is the bottom line , i have got to work , '' dials say .
 too short 's off the hook on meth charge <sec> the los angeles city attorney will decide if the drunk driving charge remains .  too short 's breath tested `` 0.01 above the limit in california '' for alcohol , manager says .  `` as for drugs- we call bull , '' too short 's manager says .  manager : `` every rap fan knows short 's into weed ! .
 at least 21 people died in ugandan riots , police say <sec> new : ugandan president to address parliament monday on deadly riots .  new : death toll from three days of rioting rises to 21 ; 86 injured , 663 arrested .  u.s. government warns americans in uganda of potential danger of more violence .  rioting sparked by central government 's travel ban on a tribal kin .
 searching for the why behind rising autism rate <sec> a new government study shows that rate of autism has increased .  catherine lord : it 's striking that increase is uneven in terms of region , gender , race and ethnicity .  she says researchers are trying to find out the reason behind rising rate .  lord : for families that may have a child with autism , be persistent in seeking hel .
 black pastors are n't saying 'do n't vote ' <sec> ap article caused consternation by asserting black pastors urging flocks not to vote .  roland martin says story did not back that up with real evidence or context .  martin : no pastor quoted in the story said he told congregants to stay home on election day .  martin : president 's gay marriage stance is of concern , but vast majority of blacks support hi .
 how to remember every day of your life <sec> cesar kuriyama has filmed everyday of his life for one year for his `` 1 second everyday '' project .  he says the project has helped him live in a manner he wo n't regret when looking back at the finished video .  there is a mobile application in development that will help people create similar project .
 sending out an sos for america 's greatest ocean liner <sec> historic ocean liner ss united states is running out of money and may have to be scrapped .  ship designer 's granddaughter : `` we have to save her '' .  supporters hope to make the ship a stationary entertainment complex and museum .  the ship set the trans-atlantic speed record , hosted stars like grace kelly , duke ellingto .
 dutch teen completes historic , controversial solo sail around the globe <sec> laura dekker was at sea or in port for 518 days , her website states .  she traversed 27,000 nautical miles before docking in sint maarten .  the teen fought efforts by dutch authorities who did n't want her to sai .
 convicted jfk plotter accused of planning attacks on attorneys <sec> russell defreitas allegedly asked his fellow prisoners to help him carry out several murders .  his attorney said she thought the claims were `` ridiculous '' and that she never felt threatened .  defreitas was sentenced to life in prison last year for masterminding the airport plo .
 7 songs inspired by real women <sec> several famous songs written by men for a woman .  beethoven 's `` für elise '' may have been written `` for therese '' .  songwriters make up stories about who is behind `` 867-5309/jenny .
 legendary manager joe torre to retire at end of baseball season <sec> los angeles dodgers ' joe torre to retire from managing after 29 seasons .  with the new york yankees , torre won four world series titles .  don mattingly , l.a. 's hitting coach , to take over as skipper .  the former yankee great has no full-time managerial experienc .
 murray having a ball back on court <sec> andy murray thrilled to be back in action after missing french open .  world no . .  2 missed roland garros with back problem .  murray won both matches thursday to make quarterfinals at queen 's club .  briton reached final of last year 's wimbledon and won olympic gold at same venu .
 college student goes into labor , dies in benedict college dorm room <sec> the student died of complications from childbirth , medical examiners say .  ayaanah gibson was 32 weeks pregnant ; her fetus was stillborn .  she was a student at benedict college in columbia , south carolin .
 dos and don'ts at the great wall of china <sec> avoid visits on weekends and holidays , when the great wall is most crowded .  consider booking a day tour through your hotel .  allot several hours to experience this man-made marve .
 rep. van hollen : budget cuts hurting ebola response <sec> two key u.s. health agencies have faced steep budget cuts in recent years .  rep. chris van hollen says those cuts `` have made it more difficult '' to handle the ebola outbreak .  health agency director : `` i have to tell you honestly it 's been a significant impact on us .
 bo xilai and the dilemma of china 's anti-corruption campaign <sec> wang : the recent corruption crackdown creates problems for china 's political elite .  the conviction of bo xilai follows a familiar pattern during chinese leadership changes .  few observers believe bo conviction marks a success in the anti-corruption campaign .  the communist party needs to institute strong independent institutions to check corruptio .
 fedex cup : henrik stenson pockets $ 11.4m with tour championship victory <sec> swedish golfer henrik stenson wins pga tour 's end-of-season playoffs .  the 37-year-old triumphs at tour championship , having also won in boston .  win lifts him above previous fedex cup leader tiger woods , who ties for 22nd .  veteran steve stricker ties for second in atlanta with young american jordan spiet .
 game , set and strike : has men 's tennis reached burn-out ? <sec> the atp tour tennis schedule is coming under fierce scrutiny once again .  andy murray and andy roddick are among the players who want a reduction in tournaments .  mark woodforde believes more big-money exhibitions will be played if the schedule is reduce .
 ebola fears lead to bans in kenya <sec> kenya airways temporarily suspends flights to liberia and sierra leone .  kenya also temporary denies entry by passengers from sierra leone , guinea , liberia .  health professionals and kenyan citizens are exempt from temporary ban .  but the health workers and citizens will have to undergo extensive screenin .
 learn from the champs : 10 classes taught by elite pros <sec> ski , fish , play drums ? .  you can learn how at the feet of the stars .  in games with nba pros you wo n't be taunted , but welcomed to the team .  poker legends joe hachem and tom mcevoy share secrets .  you can book a golf lesson with ex-tiger woods coach butch harmo .
 obama 's victory wo n't transform america <sec> david kennedy : barack obama 's achievements fell short of his aspirations .  kennedy : american political system often disappoints voters and presidents .  he says the presidency has less power in actuality than folklore has it .  kennedy : in a second term , obama faces a divided , bickering governmen .
 banned rugby player found dead <sec> terry newton , 31 , was found dead at home sunday .  his death does n't seem suspicious , police say .  he was banned from play for two years in februar .
 overheard on cnn.com : angry fliers get what they deserve <sec> cnn.com commenters weigh in on airline seat controversy .  americans are getting bigger ; seats are not .  one commenter calls for government regulation .  another commenter says airlines should charge by passenger weigh .
 ecuador recognizes a palestinian state <sec> other south american nations recognized a palestinian state .  palestinians have recently requested state recognition .  this comes amid a breakdown in talks with israe .
 how to exchange money using just an e-mail <sec> with square cash , users can make payments remotely via e-mail .  the system requires sender to register credit card and recipient a debit number .  square was founded in 2009 as a way to let small businesses to accept card .
 7 victims from dc navy yard shooting identified <sec> new : none of those killed were military personnel , authorities say .  a wounded cop asked to call mom before surgery , doctor says .  a navy commander says he saw maintenance worker shot in hea .
 worldwide shark attacks hit lowest level since 2009 <sec> there were 72 unprovoked shark attacks last year .  more than half , 47 , happened in the united states .  globally , 10 people died from shark attacks .  `` sharks have a lot more to fear from us than we do from them , '' researcher say .
