 robin van persie rescues point for man utd <sec> man utd holds chelsea 1-1 at old trafford .  robin van persie equalizes didier drogba 's opener for chelsea .  chelsea tops epl by four points from southampton .  bayern and juvenuts top in germany and ital .
 obama signs order activating deep spending cuts <sec> new : obama signs order that is required by law .  `` we will get through this , '' president obama says of the forced spending cuts .  obama , congressional leaders fail to bridge gaps on cuts , letting them take effect .  speaker boehner says the house will take up a government funding measur .
 in today 's warp-speed world , online missteps spread faster than ever <sec> thanks to social media , missteps and misinformation get repeated more quickly than ever .  singer chris brown posted profane tweets after the grammys , then deleted them .  a story about a banker leaving a 1 % restaurant tip went viral before it was revealed a hoax .  mistakes online can be fixed quickly , but not before damage is don .
 the one story elaine never told was her own <sec> journalist elaine rivera died october 26 at age 54 .  `` what is it about puerto ricans and drinking , '' she asked before her death .  puerto ricans have a higher rate of alcohol abuse than other latinos , expert says .  millions in the united states suffer from cirrhosi .
 rare hybrid eclipse graces the sky <sec> one of the most interesting solar events , a rare hybrid eclipse , happened over the weekend .  partial eclipse was visible in the early morning sunday in eastern north and south america .  skygazers in parts of europe , africa and the middle east could see it too .  the hybrid eclipse was only visible from parts of atlantic ocean and equatorial afric .
 drive-in theater a throwback to the '50s <sec> bengies drive-in theatre has n't changed much in its 53-year history .  owner says he 's often surprised by children 's fascination with drive-in .  each night features a double feature ; admission is $ 8 a person .  onslaught of light pollution has been challenge to theater owner , moviegoer .
 tyler perry sending rebuffed day-care kids to disney world <sec> tyler perry to send 65 kids from day care center to disney world .  publicist : perry wants to show that people want kids to succeed regardless of race .  `` i am ecstatic for the children , '' day care director says .  kids said swim club members made racist comments ; center 's check returne .
 facebook threats case heard at supreme court <sec> the supreme court heard oral arguments monday on a case examining free speech and social media .  the outcome of the case , elonis vs. u.s. , could determine was is acceptable to post onlin .
 n. korea 's second-ranking military officer dies at age 82 <sec> jo myong rok was vice marshal of the korean people 's army .  he died of heart disease saturday .  his death is `` a great loss , '' pyongyang say .
 hamas justice system 'reeks of injustice , ' rights group says <sec> intra-palestinian rivalry is a `` significant factor ' behind abuses , report says .  three executed men apparently confessed under torture , human rights watch says .  hamas calls the report inaccurate , biased and politica .
 amtrak train : no better way to connect with u.s. voters <sec> railroad propelled united states into becoming economic powerhouse .  by 1970s , rail travel was in decline , and amtrak founded in bid to arrest its fall .  in this election , republicans have threatened to do away with subsidy .  few better ways of discovering faces of the real america than to visit by rai .
 india probe crash-lands successfully on moon <sec> unmanned indian probe lands succesfully on the moon friday probe hit the moon at a speed of 5760 kilometers per hour two-year mission seeks high-resolution , 3-d imaging of the moon 's surface probe will also search for evidence of water or ic .
 and the world 's busiest airport is ... <sec> the busiest airport in the world saw fewer passengers last year than in 2012 .  beijing 's airport saw an increase in passengers in 2013 .  dubai 's airport jumped three spots to finish in seventh plac .
 ex-army officer admits taking bribes for iraq contracts <sec> former u.s. army colonel pleads guilty to bribery and conspiracy .  levonda selph admits accepting cash , vacation from contractor .  prosecutors : in exchange for gifts , selph steered contracts to firm .  contracts let company operate defense department warehouses in ira .
 golden moments : agassi and graf relive olympic glory <sec> steffi graf and andre agassi both won olympic gold medals in singles .  graf completed the `` golden slam '' in seoul in 1988 after winning all four grand slams .  agassi said his 1996 atlanta win was a `` boyhood dream '' .  graf has full set of olympic medals to add to 22 grand slam singles title .
 bicycles find new lease of life as modern furniture <sec> ojey 's designs specializes in making modern furniture from old bicycle parts .  launched in 2012 , the business lists bars , hotels and restaurants as clients .  click through the gallery to see the kenyan startup 's creation .
 da ponders dropping charges in unc 'paper classes ' case <sec> district attorney jim woodall said he 's thinking about withdrawing fraud charges .  former university of north carolina professor julius nyang'oro is key figure in case .  woodall said his most important aim is the full cooperation of nyang'oro .  whistleblowers say the athletic department used paper classes to keep athletes eligibl .
 many teens send 100-plus texts a day , survey says <sec> most teens prefer texting to talking on cell phones , pew research center survey says .  survey : one in three teenagers send more than 100 text messages a day .  43 percent of teens reported sending at least one text message from class a day .  girls use cell phones more than boys do , survey foun .
 opinion : is train derailment a criminal case ? <sec> paul callan : train operator could face charges if evidence supports criminal negligence .  callan : criminally negligent homicide very difficult to prove , but possible in this case .  callan : grounds seem adequate to seek an indictment against train engineer rockefeller .  gov . .  cuomo says tragedy related to `` excessive speed and reckless handling of the train .
 u.n. : syrian rebels agree to free peacekeepers , but release is delayed <sec> u.n. : team sent to collect peacekeepers , but darkness friday means pickup delayed a day .  syrian opposition group : release set for saturday morning , if cease-fire holds .  peacekeepers were taken wednesday from area near the golan heights ; u.n. demands their releas .
 can colorful tycoon 's kingfisher survive ? <sec> vijay mallya is often referred to as india 's richard branson .  empire includes brewery business , airline , f1 and cricket teams .  kingfisher airlines is struggling under mountain of debt .  indian airlines plagued by high fuel prices , aggressive discountin .
 cartels targeting police officers in juarez , authorities say ; 8 officers dead <sec> eight police officers in ciudad juarez , mexico , have been killed in recent weeks .  authorities say cartels are responsible for killings .  banners threaten that an officer will be killed each day unless the police chief resigns .  the chief -- a former military officer -- says he 's not stepping dow .
 north carolina public health officials search for source of stomach bug <sec> at least 135 people sickened in one outbreak linked to a restaurant .  health officials identify the outbreak as norovirus .  `` we are not sure yet how it started , '' harbor inn seafood manager say .
 mclaren 's fernando alonso to miss australian grand prix <sec> fernando alonso will not race in season-opening australian grand prix .  the double world champion suffered concussion in testing crash for mclaren .  kevin magnussen will take his place in melbourne for march 15 rac .
 from model to entrepreneur : collard on fashion 's changing shape <sec> charlotte collard is a former model turned entrepreneur .  she launched a fashion e-commerce platform after spotting the potential of the market .  charlotte says there is room for both physical and virtual boutiques in the world of shopping .  she thinks they offer different advantages when shopping , which compliment each othe .
 5 charged with seeking to import north korean drugs into u.s . <sec> new : all five defendants plead not guilty in first court appearance in new york .  case highlights `` emergence of north korea '' as meth source , dea chief says .  five men are expelled from thailand , brought to new york .  they allegedly conspired to import 100 kilograms of north korean-produced meth to u.s .
 medical society boots doctor who did ivf in suleman octuplets case <sec> reproductive medicine society : dr. michael kamrava `` violated '' standards .  kamrava implanted nadya suleman with six embryos before octuplets ' birth .  expulsion from group does not affect kamrava 's ability to practice .  group advises no more than two embryos for women under age 3 .
 oakland port reopens after protesters disrupt overnight operations <sec> new : port of oakland reopens tuesday after being shut down by protesters overnight .  new : the disruptions cost workers shifts and wages , port officials said .  `` it 's really got to stop , '' oakland mayor say .
 paul and ringo getting together for grammy tribute <sec> paul and ringo to play together at `` grammys salute to beatles '' .  pair is also performing at grammy awards , though maybe not together .  ringo and paul last played together in 2010 for ringo 's 70t .
 faa proposes fine for airline crews flying without rest <sec> commuter jet operator colgan air did not give crews enough rest , the faa says .  the agency lists 17 instances that occurred three years ago .  a 2009 crash involving colgan air involved pilot fatigue , an investigation found .  `` safety is the top priority at colgan , '' a spokesman say .
 former astronaut : man not alone in universe <sec> he says governments are concealing evidence that extraterrestrials exist .  the astronaut is from roswell , new mexico , the site of an alleged ufo crash .  mitchell : roswell residents `` told not to talk about their experience '' by militar .
 blacks in survey say race relations no better with obama <sec> african-americans strongly approve of obama and his performance , poll finds .  during election , fewer black people thought discrimination was a serious problem .  smaller percentage of whites than blacks say obama has met their expectations .  about half of both whites and blacks think race relations will improv .
 jon favreau : how food trucks became l.a. kings <sec> director and actor jon favreau says the food truck scene has become emblematic of los angeles .  food truck pioneer roy choi says he 's honored by the numerous imitators of his korean taco-serving kogi venture .  in l.a. , the brig parking lot on venice beach attracts food truck fans to a rally on the first friday of each mont .
 should cities be reimbursed for ebola costs ? one u.s. senator says yes <sec> sen. chuck schumer says new york should be reimbursed for money spent on ebola .  so far , the city has shelled out more than $ 20 million for ebola response , he says .  dallas county officials have also said they 'll seek reimbursement .  obama has asked congress for $ 6 billion in emergency funding to fight ebol .
 crude oil leaks into montana river <sec> crude oil spills into the yellowstone river in montana .  exxonmobil sends response team .  cause is under investigation .  responsible parties will restore river , governor say .
 classrooms bear the burden after violence in india <sec> 300,000 people fled villages in assam after ethnic tension and riots .  displaced people stay in schools , forcing cancellation of classes .  students are upset about inability to continue classe .
 ipad gives voice to kids with autism <sec> touchscreen ipads are giving voice to autistic children , adults .  apps for it and other tablets aid those with trouble verbalizing their thoughts .  education and therapy apps also help with other aspects .  therapist : apple 's steve jobs gave a voice to the voiceles .
 airstrikes , militants and a refugee crisis fail to dampen iraq oil markets <sec> airstrikes , rebels seizing oil fields and a refugee crisis would normally spell market panic .  but in iraq , which has dealing with all three issues , oil prices have remained steady .  the militants storming the country 's north have not taken the country 's oil-rich south .  and investment is still being pumped into the region , john defterios write .
 was the middle east better off with its dictators ? <sec> khatib : west supported mideast dictators until it became unpalatable in 2011 .  khatib : west 's lack of a plan for aftermath of dictatorships has been catastrophi .
 huckabee , obama have huge night in iowa <sec> sens . .  chris dodd and joe biden drop out of race .  polls : huckabee earns support of evangelicals , women .  democratic race a debate between change , experience , cnn analyst says .  huckabee vastly outspent by romney , who poured millions of dollars into campaig .
 blog of the month : republik of mancunia <sec> cnn 's football fanzone profiles a football blog every month .  in march the profiled site is the republik of mancunia blog .  the republik of mancunia is a dedicated blog for manchester united fan .
 can amazon help 3-d finally catch on ? <sec> amazon is expected to reveal a new phone at an event wednesday .  phone is rumored to have a 3-d screen that would n't require special glasses .  3-d entertainment has had a long history of mixed success .  3-d technology has migrated from movies to tv to mobile device .
 eight killed in north carolina nursing home rampage <sec> slain patients ranged in age from 78 to 98 , district attorney says .  nurse also among those killed at nursing home in carthage .  man suspected of carrying out attack was shot ; condition unknown , police say .  police officer also wounded in shootin .
 federer battles to 900th win on historic day at french open <sec> second seed roger federer reaches his 36th consecutive grand slam quarterfinal .  federer registers 900th win of his illustrious career , beating gilles simon in five sets .  the 17-time grand slam champion will next face jo-wilfried tsonga at french open .  fourth seed david ferrer will play comeback king tommy robredo in last eigh .
 new york city logs murder-free monday , police say <sec> no slayings , stabbings , shootings or knifings reported in any of the five boroughs .  the violence-free stretch is part of a downward trend in crime in the city , police say .  fbi says violent crime is decreasing nationwide but remains problem in urban area .
 journalist freed from syria : 'i 'm overwhelmed ' <sec> peter theo curtis thanks journalists but declines to make more than a few statements .  he apologizes to journalists that he ca n't say more , says he wants bonding time with mother .  islamist militants had held the 45-year-old journalist in syria for nearly two years .  nancy curtis says the release is bittersweet , coming shortly after another journalist 's beheadin .
 obama says fatherhood trumps schmoozing <sec> obama has been criticized for failing to build relationships with washington insiders .  clinton spent evenings talking to lawmakers ; obama spends that time with family , biographer says .  `` it actually really has more to do with us being parents , '' he says of turning down dinner invite .
 lindsay lohan freed from home confinement <sec> the actress served 35 days in home confinement .  120-day jail sentence was changed to home confinement due to jail overcrowding .  she pleaded guilty in may to a january necklace theft charge .  lohan must now resume work on 480 hours of community servic .
 bet awards to pay tribute to jackson <sec> bet awards are scheduled for sunday night .  many of the planned attendees expected to pay tribute to michael jackson .  network ceo : `` michael 's influence is felt every day in so many ways .
 navy drone crashes in maryland <sec> new : no one was hurt and no property was damaged , the navy says .  new : the drones cost $ 176 million apiece .  navy drone crashes near salisbury , maryland .  the rq-4a global hawk was on a training mission , the navy say .
 opinion : an aids-free generation is within sight <sec> hiv/aids treatment has come a long way in a decade , goosby says .  south africa has been on the front lines of the epidemic , he says .  pepfar has invested $ 3.7 billion in supporting south africa 's hiv/aids effort .
 eight air marshals fired for drinking during training <sec> six others face discipline for failure to report the drinking , tsa says .  the incident took place during a training session in february .  the eight marshals had alcohol during lunch at a restaurant .  some had their weapons at the tim .
 fans worldwide watch jackson memorial service <sec> `` sadness party '' held in berlin , where fans follow service live from los angeles .  in london , jackson fans brave torrential downpours and hail to pay tribute .  in japan fans gathered at record store , have photo taken next to cast of footprint .  online fans pay tribute to king of pop , comment as service progresse .
 espn reporter erin andrews receiving death threats <sec> lawyer : espn 's erin andrews getting death threats .  fbi says it has identified person responsible for the threatening e-mails .  illinois man sentenced for secretly taping andrews nude , posting videos onlin .
 british citizen killed , another kidnapped near kenya-somalia border <sec> new : kidnapped british woman may have been taken to somalia .  the killing and kidnapping attack occurred at a beach resort north of lamu , kenya .  the foreign office advises against travel near kenya 's border with somali .
 irish poet seamus heaney dies at 74 <sec> his poetry detailed ireland 's rural past and its violent sectarian strife .  irish prime minister compares him to writers joyce , yeats , shaw and beckett .  heaney received the nobel prize for literature in 1995 .  later in life , he produced new translations of well-known works of anglo-saxon literatur .
 wisconsin golf course 's $ 9.11 offer for 9/11 hits a nerve <sec> social media erupts after course offers discount to `` commemorate '' terror attacks .  offer : $ 9.11 for nine holes , $ 19.11 for 18 holes .  management apologizes on facebook , reports death threats .  course may be closed on wednesday due to security concern .
 obama looks to cuba to test an old theory <sec> obama makes good on vow to engage us enemies .  cuba offers hope to legacy needing big foreign policy wins .  republicans accuse president of appeasing dictator .
 sports field serves as quake refuge <sec> youth program 's athletic field serves as refuge for families displaced by quake .  boby duval has welcomed children from haiti 's slums to his program since 1996 .  2007 cnn hero and haitian native was imprisoned under duvalier regime .  freed in 1977 with help of president carter , duval has vowed to help improve hait .
 'no one 's going to save us ' <sec> bob greene says he met bob orsa in 2008 in chambersburg , pennsylvania .  he says orsa was opening a restaurant just as the economy was tanking ; he 's still hopeful .  he says customers feel pinch ; it affects business , but unlike banks no one bails him out .  greene : orsa has hung on , employing 13 people , determined to succeed in his communit .
 from pole to pole : the journey of a 'chexican ' arefoot runner <sec> joseph michael liu kai-tsu roqueni to run barefoot from canada to argentina .  the `` chexican '' left montreal on tuesday and will run south through 14 countries .  kai-tsu is running barefoot because it `` is something no one has done '' .  joseph 's feet will cover 19,000 kilometers of roads , greater than earth 's diamete .
 justice ginsburg suggests 'sharp disagreement ' over hot-button cases <sec> `` the term has been more than usually taxing , '' ginsburg says .  the court is expected to rule in coming weeks on high-profile cases , including health care .  she offers no hints on internal deliberation .
 tech gurus use power of web to help veterans <sec> silicon valley professionals start web site to connect donors with troops in need .  founder models site on craigslist and kiva.org , so people can decide who to help .  veterans and active-duty troops can list their stories , photos and specific requests .  `` i am so grateful that there are people who were willing to help me , '' soldier say .
 why is this so hard ? the disconnect on background checks and guns <sec> days after newtown , more than half of the nation favored stricter gun control laws .  less than six months later , that number dwindled to just over 40 % .  national polls show 90 % of americans support some form of universal background check .
