 iraqi families sue blackwater in u.s. court <sec> federal suit filed in washington on behalf of slain and injured iraqis .  suit : september shooting a `` senseless slaying '' and part of a `` pattern '' .  blackwater has maintained that it acted `` acted lawfully and appropriately '' .  iraqi officials say 17 were killed in baghdad 's nusoor square on september 1 .
 arizona bill would deny citizenship to children of illegal immigrants <sec> children of illegal immigrants would be denied birth certificates .  arizona legislature could take up matter in the fall .  children born in the united states are automatically granted citizenshi .
 fool techie friends with fake-gadget 'gifts ' <sec> fool your gadget-obsessed friends with the iarm or idrive from prank pack .  the growing gag-gift box company has a decidedly techie feel .  founder says he got idea when his nephew got video-game console in coffee-maker bo .
 georgia cities remember madcap 'great locomotive chase ' <sec> 150 years ago thursday , union raiders stole a train in georgia .  they were chased by conductor , other crew members .  the incident became known as `` the great locomotive chase '' .  towns along the chase route are commemorating the even .
 'everybody loved being around her ' <sec> madeline loftus was a beloved student , hockey player who died aboard flight 3407 .  the 24-year-old was returning to buffalo to play in a collegiate reunion game .  her former teammates played the game saturday with a heavy heart .  `` she popped into my head every time i got back to the bench , '' former teammate say .
 official : pro-gaza activists still at sea after being taken hostage <sec> new : all of group 's 10 hostages , including 7 britons , have called friends and family .  pro-gaza activists `` doing fine '' after being confined in the ship , a spokeswoman says .  two hostages managed to send a mayday message , but there 's been no rescue .  diplomats are working for a `` safe resolution , '' the british foreign office say .
 two nj state troopers lose jobs over unauthorized high-speed escort <sec> the caravan included porsches , lamborghinis and ferraris .  speeds reportedly topped 100 mph .  two new jersey troopers who provided an unauthorized escort for the caravan agree to resign .  `` they are justly paying a high price for their poor judgment , '' says nj attorney genera .
 syrian military raids villages ; protests in aleppo <sec> new : harsh words between syrian and western diplomats at the united nations .  villager : 2 dead during military push .  protesters are roughed up in aleppo .  a u.s. lawmaker says the situation is `` dire .
 louis oosthuizen shrugs off niggling injuries to maintain home record <sec> louis oosthuizen wins volvo golf champions event in south africa .  successfully defends title in durban .  birdies four og the last six holes to pip compatriot branden grace .  oosthuizen won british open at st andrews in 201 .
 why i ca n't get behind 'dead island ' <sec> the trailer for zombie survival horror game `` dead island '' has sparked intense interest online .  but game developers seem to be getting comfortable with putting children in peril .  gallaga says this is just another reflection of our cultur .
 world 's darkest material <sec> a british nanotech company has created what it says is the world 's darkest material .  vantablack is designed by surrey nanosystems and absorbs 99.96 % of all light that hits it .  it 's designed to help air-borne cameras and infrared scanning systems work more efficientl .
 roddick 's 'best shot ' denies hot prospect raonic in memphis <sec> andy roddick wins atp tour title in memphis to claim 30th career crown .  american top seed outlasts new canadian star milos raonic in three sets .  world no . .  8 roddick seals victory with a spectacular diving passing shot .  jo-wilfried tsonga pulls out of france 's davis cup tie in austria due to injur .
 what the iphone jailbreaking ruling means <sec> copyright office says jailbreaking your iphone no longer violates copyright law .  if if users want software not in the app store , they need to jailbreak their phone .  but apple could pursue breach of contract if someone jailbreaks their phon .
 review : google+ a clean , intuitive mobile experience so far <sec> cnn mobile columnist amy gahran reviews the google+ app on her android phone .  google+ is still very much a `` beta '' service with plenty of glitches , mysteries and oddities .  gahran : google+ user interface is cleaner , more intuitive , more user friendly than facebook ' .
 donald makes shock exit at malaysia open <sec> luke donald misses halfway cut at malaysia open .  donald had never previously missed a halfway cut in his professional career .  thailand 's kiranradech aphibarnrat holds a one-shot lead going into final round .  rain-affected tournament reduced to 54 hole .
 5 badly injured in oklahoma city plane crash <sec> single-engine beechcraft makes hard landing near busy road .  plane developed engine problems shortly after takeoff , faa official says .  fliers were headed for enid , oklahoma , about 100 miles nort .
 iran quake kills 37 , injures more than 850 <sec> new : at least 37 people are dead after the earthquake , iranian state media reports .  more than 850 people are injured .  no damage occurred at a nuclear plant , state media reports .  several aftershocks struck same area , the u.s. geological survey sai .
 with security council report , palestinian statehood bid stalled at u.n . <sec> a report details myriad disagreements between the council members .  many question palestinians ' ability to meet u.n. charter obligations .  a country must be a `` peace-loving '' country , says the charte .
 texas polygamist gets 10 years for sexual assault <sec> raymond jessop sentenced to 10 years in prison for sexual assault of teen `` bride '' .  jessop must also pay $ 8,000 fine .  girl was one of hundreds seized after 2008 raid at texas polygamist ranc .
 can circumstantial evidence convict aaron hernandez ? <sec> paul callan : prosecutors can often make compelling cases without direct evidence .  surveillance video is key to the prosecution case against aaron hernandez , callan say .
 bail denied terror suspects in new jersey court <sec> bail denied for two men accused of trying to join a terror group .  the two were arrested at an airport on june 5 .  the fbi was investigating the two suspects since 200 .
 commentary : allow gays to serve openly in military <sec> nathaniel frank : some retired military officers oppose letting gay troops serve .  he says they do n't understand wide acceptance of gays today in military .  he says many other nations have approved gay service without harm .  frank : polls vastly exaggerate number of officers who might leav .
 fast-track court hearings begin in india gang rape case <sec> new : five adult suspects accused of raping and killing a woman appear in court .  new : media outlets can not report details of what happened at the hearing .  new : the supreme court will hear a request to move the case outside new delhi .  the 23-year-old victim died following the alleged attack on a bus in decembe .
 man jumps tampa airport fence <sec> new : the man is taken to a hospital for a mental evaluation .  a man jumped an airport fence and ran toward one of the runways .  he was observed by a worker , who called 911 .  two flights from the tampa airport were delayed briefl .
 heavyweights due at 'all things digital ' <sec> the d : all things digital conference begins tuesday in california .  tech conference was started in 2003 by technology columnists from wall street journal .  twitter , disney , netflix and google leaders are among those set to spea .
 opinion : after snowden , we 're self-censoring and we do n't care <sec> suzanne nossel : edward snowden has done damage to international relations .  nossel : some writers have begun censoring themselves out of fear .  nossel : still , many average americans may not see the intrusion as that big of a dea .
 tribal bonds color kenyan politics <sec> kenya 's 36 million population made up of around 40 tribal groups .  president mwai kibaki belongs to the influential and powerful kikuyu tribe .  challenger raila odinga 's luo tribe forms sizeable group in west , nairobi slums .  kenya dogged by poverty , violent crime , corruption , simmering ethnic tension .
 residents flee as philippines volcano threatens to erupt <sec> scientists : full-blown eruption is expected to take place within weeks to days .  authorities order mandatory evacuation for residents within a radius of 6 km .  mayon 's most violent eruption in 1814 killed more than 1,200 people .  last major eruption was in 1993 , since when it has emitted ash , spewed lav .
 n. korean rocket seen on launch pad <sec> north korea says it will launch a commercial satellite atop a rocket between april 4-8 .  satellite imagery shows rocket at launch site in northeastern north korea .  u.s. defense secretary robert gates says rocket aims to boost military capabilit .
 court document details indiana girl 's killing <sec> new : inconsistencies found in suspect 's account , sheriff tells hln .  court document details an alleged confession in indiana girl 's death .  the document says the suspect admitted to dismembering the girl .  relative : the girl was staying with michael l. plumadore while her mom had the fl .
 the harrowing journey of the girl who called herself tika cortez <sec> jakadrien turner told police that she was from colombia after being arrested .  she created an alter ego and did n't fight her deportation , a u.s. official says .  in fact , she was a 15-year-old runaway teenager from dalla .
 jankovic stuns serena to set up final with ivanovic 's rome conqueror <sec> jelena jankovic beats world no . .  1 serena williams in three-set epic to reach italian open final .  jankovic will play maria jose martinez-sanchez , who beat her fellow serb ana ivanovic .  the spaniard also knocked out world no . .  2 caroline wozniacki earlier in the clay event .  jankovic is seeking to win tournament for the third time , having triumphed in 2007 and 200 .
 rescuing costa rica 's sleepy sloths <sec> sloths have very few natural predators .  costa rica 's roads and power lines threaten its sloth population .  aviaros del caribe is the world 's only sloth sanctuar .
 former marine released from mexican prison <sec> new : hammar meets his family at the border .  jon hammar , 27 , was jailed in mexico in august on a questionable gun charge .  his family says he was sometimes chained to a bed in a low-security site .  the former marine , who served in iraq and afghanistan , was headed to costa ric .
 pakistan 's military claims taliban stronghold <sec> pakistani forces secure sararogha , clearing the town of weapons and ammunition .  pakistan : 21 militants and one pakistani soldier die in the past 24 hours of fighting .  restive and largely ungoverned region of south waziristan is headquarters of pakistani taliban .  pakistan 's army has launched three similar offensives in kaniguram and sararogha since 2004 without succes .
 oscar-nominated 'the square : ' how egypt 's hope turned to fury <sec> oscar-nominated 'the square ' traces egypt 's revolution through revolutionaries .  different experiences portrayed including working class non-islamist revolutionary .  a gallant , loyal brotherhood member conflicted about his leaders , writes h.a . .  hellyer .  emotions of hope , idealism , pain , and betrayal shine through - hellye .
 kashmir city tense after indian police kill schoolboy <sec> indian security forces in srinagar to quell violence sparked by death of schoolboy .  authorities trying to disperse anti-india protesters when tear gas shell hit 13-year-old .  police say 100 people wounded in clashes between muslim protesters and security force .
 halloween by the numbers <sec> consumers will spend $ 7.4 billion this halloween , according to the national retail federation .  42.1 million children will go trick-or-treating , according to the u.s. census bureau .  `` it 's the great pumpkin , charlie brown '' premiered 48 years ag .
 wife of american jailed in cuba says he feels hopeless <sec> alan gross ' wife , judy , visits husband in cuba a week after his mother 's death .  gross is serving a 15-year sentence for bringing satellite equipment to island .  subcontractor 's condition this week is the worst she has see .
 founder of singapore released from hospital <sec> former prime minister lee kuan yew is resting at home , his son 's office says .  lee was treated for an irregular heartbeat and `` stroke-like symptoms '' .  he molded singapore into a major financial hub .  his son is the country 's third prime ministe .
 8 iranian border guards killed in clashes near pakistan <sec> the pakistani government says its security agencies are investigating .  a group believed to be based in pakistan 's balochistan province claims responsibilit .
 can this app transform india 's postal chaos ? <sec> many sprawling indian cities have problems defining exact locations .  zippr is offering a solution for businesses in need of a specific address .  the app generates a unique code , which will enable the postal service to find user .
 jamie dornan says no full frontal for him in '50 shades ' <sec> jamie dornan says his contracts do n't allow full-frontal nudity .  the actor plays christian grey in the much-anticipated film .  filming the sex scenes were n't sexy , he sai .
 hillary clinton campaign-in-waiting outlines its values <sec> robby mook , hillary clinton 's soon-to-be campaign manager , distributes a `` values statement '' .  the memo maintains that the campaign must remain humble , disciplined and unite .
 syria 's u.n. ambassador rips criticism of his daughter <sec> `` this is an unethical , immoral , baseless , unfounded , animal and brutal approach , '' ambassador says .  `` they are trying to attack me through my own daughter , '' bashar jaafari says .  his comments follow the expression of regret by barbara walters for having tried to help his daughte .
 sri lanka and kiwis thrash minnows <sec> sri lanka 's mahela jayawardene scores a rapid hundred to set up 210-run win .  new zealand record thumping 10-wicket win over kenya .  kenya skittled out for just 69 with kiwi openers knocking off runs in eight over .
 deaths from tainted cantaloupes rise to 15 <sec> contaminated cantaloupes have caused illnesses in 19 states , the cdc says .  in addition to the deaths , a total of 84 people have fallen ill , the agency says .  the fruits are thought to be tainted by listeria monocytogenes bacteria .  colorado-based jensen farms has recalled its cantaloupe .
 london 's black cabs gain mileage in china <sec> manganese bronze , london 's struggling cab maker , in joint venture in china .  tie-up with geely hopes to sell 4000 vehicles in foriegn markets .  uk production now down to 12 vehicles a day and company is barely breaking eve .
 phil mickelson should feel free to speak his mind <sec> phil mickelson apologized for comments criticizing tax rates he has to pay .  ruben navarrette : mickelson is entitled to his views , why apologize ? .  he says people need to be more willing to hear alternate points of vie .
 gang members , cop arrested in filmmaker 's slaying in el salvador <sec> 5 men in el salvador arrested in killing of french filmmaker christian poveda .  a sixth man who allegedly ordered the murder was already in prison , officials said .  poveda recently finished a documentary about a violent street gang in el salvador .  poveda found shot dead in town of tonacatepeque , on september 2 , officials sai .
 kutcher replaces sheen on 'two and a half men ' <sec> new : sheen takes a shot at the executive producer of the show .  ashton kutcher will replace charlie sheen on `` two and a half men '' .  sheen is involved in a lawsuit over his dismissal from the hit show .  kutcher first gained fame on the tv sitcom `` that 70s show .
 il divo spreads 'popera ' across the world <sec> the group is the brainchild of `` american idol '' judge simon cowell .  the operatic quartet 's new album , `` the promise , '' debuted atop the uk charts .  il divo ( italian for `` divine male performer '' ) is made up of singers from four countrie .
 r.e.m . archive blog preemptively shut down by universal <sec> a digital archivist is being discouraged from posting restored version of r.e.m 's first cassette demo .  universal issued a digital millennium copyright act ( dmca ) takedown notice for on analog loyalist 's site .  `` these were demos freely given away by the band . .  on low-fi c45 cassettes , '' the writer sai .
 terror , murder charges could be filed against boston bombing suspect <sec> new : federal public defender office in boston to represent dzhokar tsarnaev after charges are filed .  russian president vladimir putin wants details from u.s. on bombing suspects .  if physically able , suspect could be in court this weekend , expert says .  two u.s. senators say dzhokar tsarnaev should be questioned without a lawye .
 will benjamin netanyahu still address congress ? - cnnpolitics.com <sec> netanyahu scheduled to address congress march 3 .  speech has stirred controversy among democrat .
 sri lankan inmate stashes phone in rectum <sec> an x-ray reveals a cell phone and two hands-free sets hidden in a prisoner 's rectum .  sri lanka 's prisons chief says the smuggling of phones into jails is a big problem .  prisoners talk at nighttime using hands-free sets under the covers to avoid detection .  they often acquire the cell phones when they leave the prison to attend cour .
 in beijing , michelle obama reprises pingpong diplomacy <sec> anyone for table tennis ? .  michelle obama is .  the game led to a thaw in u.s.-chinese relations more than four decades ago .  michelle obama is to answer questions from cnn ireporters on saturday .  `` i want to turn mathematics into reality , '' says one studen .
 oklahoma 's foss lake remains are 6 missing people <sec> human remains found in 2013 were tested for dna .  test results show they are six people who went missing in 1969 and 1970 .  some of the remains belong to three teens who were last seen in a 1969 camaro .  the others are two men and a woman found in a 1952 chevrole .
 china eyes carbon emissions cap <sec> china may introduce checks on carbon pollution by 2016 .  a chinese policy expert says the economic planning ministry is exploring an emissions cap .  china accounts for nearly a quarter of global carbon dioxide emissions .  tough emission controls in china could help break a deadlock in un climate talk .
 north korea 's rocket launches cost $ 1.3 billion <sec> south korea : cost of pyongyang 's two rocket launches estimated at $ 1.3 billion .  north korea appears to have successfully launched a rocket after a failed april mission .  official : cost of 2012 rocket program could feed north koreans for `` four to five years '' .  analyst : main audience for wednesday 's rocket launch is north korea 's own citizen .
 woman 's gut feeling thwarts teen 's planned minnesota school massacre <sec> john ladue planned to kill father , mother , sister , police say .  police found bombs , 'numerous guns , ' pyrotechnic chemicals in his home and storage locker .  authorities were tipped off by someone who saw a suspicious person at a storage facility .  ladue allegedly kept a journal detailing his preparations for the attac .
 humphrey bogart 's boat 'african queen ' saved from scrapheap <sec> the african queen is a steam boat that featured in a 1951 movie of the same name .  the film starred humphrey bogart and katherine hepburn .  after the death of its previous owner , the 100-year-old vessel fell into a state of disrepair .  a movie loving florida couple have restored the ship to its film star glor .
 uruguayan government proposes marijuana legalization bill <sec> the uruguayan government presented lawmakers with a bill this week .  it would allow the government to control and sell marijuana .  the bill did not specify how such a system would wor .
 reese 's spread a nutella killer ? not so fast <sec> new reese 's spread announced on november 5 .  it will come in different flavors .  the hazelnut spread may compete with nutell .
