 cambodian war crimes court in corruption probe <sec> joint cambodian-u.n. court is facing allegations of corruption and bribery .  court is trying five former members of khmer rouge group on war crimes charges .  staff are allegedly forced to hand part of salaries over , with funds going to an official .  defense attorneys say they plan to try to discredit the court with the allegation .
 prince harry steps back from attack helicopter pilot role <sec> prince harry moves to a desk job in london , keeps rank of captain .  the move takes him out of a potential combat role flying apache helicopters .  he has served in afghanistan as a helicopter pilot and gunner .  prince `` has reached the pinnacle of flying excellence , '' his commanding officer say .
 ukrainians along tense border : 'god is on our side ' <sec> fear of russian invasion is palpable in the border community of holmy .  father mikhail zorivchak : `` i will preach to our people to defend our homeland '' .  border region was scene of guerrilla warfare vs. germans during wwii .  ukrainian officer claims big buildup of russian troops , presence of offensive weapon .
 newly-discovered velazquez portrait sells for $ 4.7m <sec> previously unknown work by diego velazquez sells at auction in london for $ 4.7m .  painting was previously thought to have been by british artist matthew shepperson .  portrait was among a series of paintings put up for sale by shepperson 's descendants .  change of attribution meant it sold for 10,000 times its original estimat .
 netflix 's 'daredevil ' has arrived : what 's the verdict ? <sec> marvel 's long-awaited show `` daredevil '' began streaming early friday .  binge-watchers are already giving the series high mark .
 american climbers killed in peru likely fell 1,000 feet <sec> the bodies of ben horne and gil weiss were discovered over the weekend .  their equipment was strewn over a glacier .  weiss `` had the most optimistic view on practically everything , '' his sister remember .
 review : 'snl 's ' maya rudolph shines in 'away we go ' <sec> john krasinski and maya rudolph star as a couple expecting a baby .  their onscreen relationship feels touchingly true .  director sam mendes brings out a great performance from rudolph .  movie 's loose-limbed , spontaneous quality is a good part of its appea .
 mumbai 's rail lifeline a death trap for commuters <sec> on average , 4,000 people die a year on mumbai 's railways .  victims are crushed by trains , electrocuted by power lines or killed leaning out .  at peak hours more than 550 people cram into a carriage built for 200 .  angry passengers riot a few times each year , rampaging through station .
 britain 's spaceport ambitions revealed <sec> britain is leading the space race with world 's first non-american spaceport .  new venture provokes interest of space tourism giants virgin galactic and xcor .  space travel looks to be an increasingly attainable dream for consumers as prices look to fal .
 wild horse roundup triggers controversy <sec> the u.s. government rounds up wild horses and burros in the west , using helicopters .  the government says the program controls the population .  protests increased after 100 horses died in a helicopter roundup .  government officials say less than 1 % of wild horses die in these roundup .
 gun control support rises but divide remains over what to do <sec> three new national polls indicate a majority of americans support most gun control measures .  polls divided by political party , gender , age , race and education over some proposals .  pew survey : 85 % of the public backs background checks on private gun sales and at shows .  abc/wash post poll : 44 % of people who own at least one gun less supportive of proposal .
 lehman brothers collapse stuns global markets <sec> u.s. investment banking giant lehman brothers to file for bankruptcy .  merrill lynch agrees to be taken over by bank of america .  job losses certain but numbers not yet known .  new : dow jones suffered worst day since 9/11 ; asia , europe markets tumble .
 north carolina man charged in 1 of 5 suspected serial killings <sec> antwan maurice pittman , 31 , charged with first-degree murder .  taraha shenice nicholson , whose remains were found in a wooded area on march 7 .  remains of five women found since 2005 along road outside rocky mount .  police chief says it appears women `` suffered a similar death '' .  city , county , state agencies have formed task forc .
 schalke and celtic seal cup triumphs in germany and scotland <sec> schalke 04 win german cup with 5-0 win over second-flight duisberg .  highly-rated goalkeeper manuel neuer captained schalke to final victory .  celtic take scottish cup with 3-0 win over motherwell at hampden .  lille clinch french league title with 2-2 draw at ps .
 egyptian women protest ban on austere veil <sec> recent ban on wearing the all-encompassing veil sparked demonstrations .  ban of the veil , known as the `` niqab , '' seen by many as attempt to counter extremism .  increasing number of young muslim women want to cover themselves .  no consensus among muslim scholars on covering u .
 car bombs explode near mexico tv station , transit office <sec> one car bomb targeted televisa , a cnn affiliate .  the attacks occurred in the same state where 72 bodies were discovered this week .  no fatalities or injuries were reported in the bombings .  televisa was previously attacked nearly two weeks ago in monterre .
 recovering queen elizabeth misses commonwealth day service <sec> queen elizabeth to miss commonwealth day service as she recovers from illness .  monarch will attend monday night reception , where she will sign commonwealth charter .  charter calls for end to discrimination on any grounds , implicitly including homosexuality .  palace official insists queen is apolitical and is merely carrying out official dutie .
 sin hwa dee facts <sec> sin hwa dee founded by former soya salesman and soya production operator .  one of sin hwa dee 's factories dedicated exclusively to yu sheng products .  in 2005 , sin hwa dee moved into their own building , chng kee 's foodlin .
 new arrest in uk phone hacking probe <sec> a 51-year-old man is arrested on suspicion of intimidation of a witness , london police say .  he was previously arrested on suspicion of intercepting voice mail messages .  his rearrest comes a day after that of former news of the world editor rebekah brooks .  police are investigating alleged misconduct by news international employee .
 connie nielsen : inspired by the city of her dreams <sec> connie nielsen says she refuses the fame and money side of acting .  she says the long winters mean the residents have to be creative .  copenhagen is full of history and culture , and nielsen loves its museums .  the city is very beautiful and the light has `` a very special quality , '' she say .
 inside the secret world of teen cartel hit men <sec> two men reveal details about their lives as teen drug cartel assassins .  now in prison , rosalio reta and gabriel cardona were hit men for drug lord `` z-40 '' .  for each killing , they say , they each were paid about $ 10,000 .  their stories offer a glimpse into a dark world that threatens countless mexicans and american .
 homeland security teams up with walmart for safety <sec> dhs expands `` if you see something , say something '' campaign .  `` homeland security starts with hometown security , '' said dhs chief janet napolitano .  320 walmarts stores joined monday , dhs said statement .  program started by new york city 's metropolitan transportation authorit .
 once near death , boy is 'getting stronger every day ' <sec> josh hardy , 7 , received an experimental drug after a public outcry .  once near death , josh is recovering well and is out of the hospital , his mother says .  ex-drug company president who resigned afterward says he is `` collateral damage .
 al qaeda , in web message , confirms bin laden 's death <sec> al qaeda issues a threat against the united states .  it urges pakistanis to `` rise up and revolt '' .  the web has long been a favored medium for jihadi .
 the men behind famous diseases <sec> alzheimer , addison and crohn used to be just names of people .  but they are now attached to the diseases that they identified or studied .  austrian dr. hans asperger described autistic syndrome in 1944 .  crohn 's name linked to disease because it was listed first among 3 authors of stud .
 dreaming of more than a wedding <sec> humaiya akhter is a 16-year-old advocate for girl 's education and child rights in bangladesh .  humaiya campaigns against child marriage and is active with world vision .  she says one of the biggest reasons for early marriage is lack of education .  cnn films will release `` girl rising , '' focusing on improving the lives of girls around the worl .
 nine great ways to remember birthdays <sec> the more often you see the dates , the more likely it is you 'll remember them .  a specialist recommends writing birthdays in a day planner in bright colors .  birthdayalarm.com , bigdates.com and birthdaypal.com are other helpful sites .  remember birthdays on your computer calendar for easy change .
 ebola is not a death sentence ( opinion ) <sec> almost 5,000 people have died in current ebola outbreak , david nabarro says .  case of craig spencer shows the virus is n't a death sentence , he says .  ebola has caused inestimable suffering and havoc in west africa , nabarro say .
 170 arrested in global child porn investigation <sec> u.s. , european officials join for child pornographer sting .  11 girls ages 3 to 13 rescued in the united states , dozens more found in europe .  arrests turn up people who traded child porn , sexually abused children , officials say .  inquiry began with pornographic video found in australia that came from belgiu .
 african growth ? it 's complicated <sec> harvard researchers have a new way of predicting african countries ' growth .  the new metric links the level of a country 's complexity with wealth creation .  olopade argues that africa , therefore , may have a hidden economic advantag .
 lawsuit seeks $ 75 million in death of u.s. agent in mexico <sec> new : the court docket is amended to state that the lawsuit is for $ 75 million .  the family of a slain immigration agent is suing the government and many others .  an agent who survived the attack in san luis potosi is also a plaintiff .  the lawsuit calls a number of people negligent in decisions leading to the 2011 attac .
 karzai : security transfer to afghan control will start in march <sec> afghan president hamid karzai made announcement sunday at a security conference .  coalition forces will start shifting security responsibilities to afghans in march , he says .  karzai credits the surge of international forces with improving security on the ground .  he also outlines steps aimed at preventing corruption in afghanista .
 cleveland man indicted in decades-old killing of 2 women <sec> elias acevedo , 49 , has been charged with 293 counts , including rape and murder .  acevedo is accused of strangling 30-year-old pamela pemberton .  he also is accused of killing christina adkins , who disappeared in 1995 .  authorities believe they found adkins remains this mont .
 human rights watch expresses concern for aging prisoners <sec> group says medical costs and prison facilities are not equipped for older prisoners .  the number of older prisoners in the u.s. is growing , it says .  it calls for changes to harsh sentencing rules and care behind bar .
 saudi arabia 's change of art <sec> small gallery in amsterdam has huge online support .  facing a lack of interest in their country , many saudi artists have found recognition abroad .  abdulnasser gharem broke the record for highest grossing work by a saudi artists when a piece of his sold for $ 842,500 .  the landscape is changing as more galleries are opening up inside saudi arabi .
 google maps sandy flooding , power outages <sec> google assembles sandy crisis map .  interactive map shares weather , storm surge , evacuation and other information .  users can toggle for as much or little data as they wan .
 nbc wins premiere week for first time in nine years <sec> nbc has outright won the first week of the broadcast season among adults 18-49 .  for the fourth year in a row , cbs was first among total viewers .  nbc is up 12 percent from last fall , while others are dow .
 nigeria : why outrage alone will not # bringbackourgirls <sec> boko haram 's latest abductions may meet a weary global reaction , tolu ogunlesi says .  eight months since the chibok abductions he argues that little has changed .  the outrage that sparked # bringbackourgirls will not defeat boko haram he says .  what is needed is superior military strength and training , ogunlesi write .
 paraguay gets cold shoulder from neighbors after impeaching president <sec> chile , venezuela , brazil , uruguay and argentina recall their ambassadors .  the moves follow the impeachment of the president , fernando lugo .  the new president , federico franco , says the process was constitutional .  some leaders say they refuse to recognize the franco governmen .
 jon stewart spars with mike huckabee over - cnnpolitics.com <sec> jon stewart called out mike huckabee for saying beyoncé was too 'vulgar ' .  huckabee argues that the artist should be more careful due to her role model statu .
 gambler antes up , gives $ 10k reward to cabbie who found his $ 300k <sec> poker player rewards las vegas cabbie who returned $ 300k left in backseat .  cabbie and his bosses still are n't giving gambler 's name .  `` he does n't want me to mention his name , '' cabbie gerardo gamboa says .  his native philippines is going to give driver a resolution of commendation , to .
 how murdoch bounced back from his 'most humble day ' <sec> rupert murdoch claimed to have been `` humbled '' by the phone-hacking scandal .  revelations about journalistic practises at the news of the world led to the tabloid 's closure .  since the scandal , news corp. has decided to split its publishing assets into separate fir .
 2 firefighters killed in boston blaze <sec> those killed are identified as lt. edward walsh and firefighter michael kennedy .  `` we lost two heroes here today , '' says boston mayor .  more than a dozen other firefighters are hurt .  blaze appears to have begun in the basement of a brownston .
 hungary plant that leaked toxic sludge to reopen <sec> new : the head of the plant , who was arrested monday , is released pending trial .  nine people have been killed by the toxic spill .  red sludge flows from the plant into villages and the danube rive .
 dan carter 's only goal : back-to-back world cup crowns for all blacks <sec> all blacks seeking to make history at 2015 world cup in england .  star flyhalf dan carter missed most of 2011 tournament with injury .  rugby 's world champions recorded 14-game perfect year in 2013 .  carter is the sport 's all-time leading international points-score .
 ashes cricket : australia defeats england to win series <sec> australia has won the ashes following victory in perth .  host nation leads the five-match series 3-0 .  australia had not won the ashes since it defeated england 5-0 in 2006-7 .  england beaten by 150 runs in perth to concede serie .
 accused cat killer took anatomy class , police say <sec> police : tyler weinman described research he did on finding cats to dissect .  affidavit : 18-year-old laughed when police asked him about being the cat killer .  weinman is charged with 19 counts of animal cruelty and is on house arres .
 tornadoes hit north texas ; 6 dead <sec> resident says she 's been told power will be out three weeks .  national weather service says at least 13 tornadoes touched down .  doctor says some victims had to have amputations .  roof collapsed , `` and you could see the twister just there , basically , '' witness say .
 how jonathan safran foer celebrates passover <sec> `` i would n't be considered religious by most definitions , '' says foer .  foer says haggadah could n't feel more important to him now that he 's a father .  even for the unreligious , religion can be a powerful way to engage amazemen .
 body of best man believed to be found after hudson river crash <sec> a jet skier found the body believed to be best man mark lennon .  `` we 're looking into every single thing , '' sheriff says .  the body of bride lindsey stewart was recovered saturday .  the wedding party 's boat crashed in to a parked barge on the hudson friday nigh .
 opinion : three reasons why a $ 10.10 minimum wage is good for america <sec> democratic govs . .  shumlin and malloy support raising the federal minimum wage to $ 10.10 .  they argue it has n't increased in real dollars since 1968 .  republican governors , they say , have stood in the way of or tried to roll back the minimum wag .
 rams players ' ferguson gesture angers police <sec> new : st. louis county police say a rams official apologized ; the rams deny .  five players for the st. louis rams raise their hands during sunday 's game .  a group representing police officers says it 's infuriated by the move .  rams coach says players were exercising free-speech right .
 uk officials : pilots slept at 30,000 feet , but not at same time <sec> virgin atlantic : we have no evidence that both pilots were asleep simultaneously .  pilots of british airline slept in the cockpit at 30,000 feet , uk aviation officials say .  report : the incident was `` due to longer duty period with insufficient opportunity to sleep '' .  some countries allow one pilot at a time to sleep in the cockpit , under certain circumstance .
 environmentalists fill national mall to fight climate change <sec> the national mall in washington was packed with anti-climate change protesters sunday .  demonstrators were lobbying for president obama to step up against environmental threats .  the proposed keystone xl pipeline from alberta to the gulf is a major topic of conflict .  pipeline backers say government intervention is a bad idea , both pragmatically and politicall .
 tough decisions on the front line of nature conservation <sec> copenhagen zoo under fire for culling healthy family of lions to make way for new animal .  danish zoo was criticized last month for killing a young giraffe .  animals from all the world 's zoos can not be released into the wild , says lesley dickie .  dickie : we can not pretending there is a magical solution to the crisis in natur .
 europe terror threat : greece aids belgium with probe <sec> neither belgium nor greece confirms whether the probe involves a jihadi cell in verviers .  source : up to 20 sleeper cells could be set to strike in france , germany , belgium and the netherland .
 police : 14 killed in juarez attacks <sec> police say gunmen ambushed an ambulance .  the attack is one of several in ciudad juarez .  crime rates in the border city have gone dow .
 why you need a 'zombie apocalypse ' phone <sec> a low-end , energy-efficient backup phone can come in handy during emergencies .  expert says motorola motofone f3 is her preferred `` zombie apocalypse survival phone '' .  store the phone with its charger in an easily accessible place , or maybe in your ca .
 'poliwood ' explores media-politics link <sec> barry levinson 's new film looks at how tv has influenced politics .  levinson : hard to tell politician and entertainer apart on television .  `` rain man '' director observes celebrities , ordinary people try to relat .
 caf to lift togo ban after fifa steps in <sec> confederation of africa football 's president will ask for togo 's suspension to be lifted .  togo were banned for next two africa cup of nations events after january withdrawal .  togo 's team bus was attacked by rebel gunmen ahead of tournament in angola .  world governing body fifa stepped in to mediate the row , which went to a tribuna .
 let 16-year-olds vote ( opinion ) <sec> scotland allowed 16-year-olds to vote in its referendum on independence .  americans worry that young people do n't know enough about politics , jason brennan says .  but surveys suggest many other demographics have a poor grasp of politics as well , he says .  there is no sudden increase in cognitive ability or political wisdom by age 18 , he say .
 international campaign finance : how do countries compare ? <sec> an estimated $ 6 billion will be spent by candidates , parties and outside groups in the 2012 u.s. election .  corruption monitors say billions of dollars in 'black money ' are undermining the integrity of india 's elections .  98 % of donations to brazil 's 2010 presidential election winner came from corporations , ti brazil says .  monitors say united russia abuses government resources to gain an edge on opponent .
 official : days before power restored to thousands in chicago area <sec> hundreds of thousands of customers without power .  the storms also killed a man in michigan .  the man 's wife and six children are unhurt , officials sa .
 new tech creates buttons and shapes in mid-air <sec> a company called ultrahaptics has developed a technology to create 3d shapes in mid-air .  a tactile sensation is provided by ultrasonic waves , which alter air pressure .  the technology could be applied to electronic devices , car dashboards , and virtual reality headset .
