 source : loughner 's photos include g-string and gun <sec> the photo was on a roll of film police say loughner dropped off for processing , source says .  a walgreen 's employee saw the photos and contacted police .  loughner describes the college he attended as `` my genocide school '' in newly released vide .
 network quiet as 'duck dynasty ' boycott continues <sec> two online petitions are encouraging people not to watch a & e .  the network still has n't publicly commented since wednesday .  cnn 's senior media correspondent does n't see `` duck dynasty '' going away .  but , if it did , it would n't be the first time a network made a similar mov .
 family members head to taiwan after tourists disappear in rock slides <sec> typhoon megi triggers the rock slides .  sections of a scenic highway , perched along a cliff , gives way .  emergency crews rescue hundreds of other people who were trapped .  megi also causes an estimated $ 238 million in damage in china 's fujian provinc .
 clijsters remains on course in australia ; zvonareva marches on <sec> kim clijsters beats ekaterina makarova to reach the last eight of the australian open .  she will face agnieszka radwanska , who saves two match points to beat shuai peng .  second seed vera zvonareva defeats czech iveta benesova 6-4 6-1 .  petra kvitova edges out flavia penetta 3-6 6-3 6-3 to advance to the next roun .
 black caviar : the real queen of horse racing ? <sec> black caviar arrives in england to compete in royal ascot next week .  set to make english debut run in diamond jubilee stakes on june 23 .  australian mare has undefeated career statistics of 21 wins from 21 starts .  overseas trip has drawn comparisons with phar la .
 feds update h1n1 antivirals guidelines <sec> feds tweak recommendations for who should get antiviral therapy for h1n1 flu .  instead of preventive use of antivirals , providers may consider watchful waiting .  certain high-risk people with symptoms should still be given antivirals .  cdc : virtually all influenza that 's circulating right in u.s. is 2009 h1n1 strai .
 was the u.s. naive about the chen guangcheng deal ? <sec> the deal the u.s. and china made over chen guangcheng appears to be unraveling .  yang su : has the obama administration bungled his case ? .  he says the deal was almost made to be broken because the u.s. made false assumptions .  su : u.s. will have more success in negotiating with china if it recruits more chinese expert .
 n. korea : u.s. journalists were creating 'smear campaign ' <sec> north korea issues `` detailed report '' of why women were arrested , convicted .  n. korea : journalists intended to `` isolate and stifle the socialist system '' .  euna lee , laura ling sentenced to 12 years of hard labor .  journalists were working for al gore 's current tv when arreste .
 search of north korean ship a slow process <sec> new : captain , crew face weapons trafficking charges .  investigators have emptied only one of five cargo holds on the ship .  they have found military weapons in shipping containers .  cubans say the equipment was bound for north korea for repai .
 investigators search for car after colorado prison chief shot dead <sec> new : family of tom clements says it lost a devoted husband and father .  authorities want to talk to a woman who may have been speed walking in the area .  colorado governor signs gun control bill ; says clements would have wanted that .  investigators are looking for the driver of car seen in clements ' neighborhoo .
 14 navy commanders relieved of duty , prompting conduct memo <sec> so far this year , the navy has relieved 14 commanding officers of duty .  for all of last year , the number of commanding officers relieved of duty in the navy was 17 .  the chief of naval operations has written an unusual memo to all potential commanders .  `` you will be held accountable to the highest standards of conduct , '' the memo say .
 company sticks with plan to end japan nuclear crisis in nine months <sec> tokyo electric power co. first announced the timetable for ending the crisis in mid-april .  three reactors at plant overheated after the march 11 earthquake and tsunami .  the company says it will have to change strategies in cooling the no . .  1 reacto .
 former texas justice of peace convicted of murder , could face death <sec> eric williams , his wife were accused of killing 2 prosecutors , a prosecutor 's wife .  a kaufman county jury finds him guilty of capital murder in the wife 's death .  prosecutors will ask for the death penalty during sentencing , county official say .
 what 's really going on in gadhafi 's tripoli ? <sec> cnn 's david mckenzie gets away from libya government minders to talk to ordinary people .  `` ninety percent of the people hate gadhafi , '' a businessman says .  security forces battle protesters right behind journalists ' backs , a cab driver says .  the government denies there are anti-gadhafi protests in the capita .
 commentary : were mumbai attacks inspired by al qaeda ? <sec> gohels : some in the media are calling mumbai attacks india 's 9/11 .  they say attacks bore signs of transnational group inspired by al qaeda .  mumbai siege lingered primarily because gunmen had taken hostages , gohels say .  mumbai may have been targeted due to higher security elsewhere , they sa .
 was jobs an edison for our time ? <sec> paul israel says some have compared steve jobs impact to that of thomas edison .  he says there are differences : edison not in tune with consumer markets but jobs was .  he says both were good at harnessing scientific knowledge into transformative technologies .  israel : both had their product missteps but were masters at innovation and media promotio .
 troy davis and constitutional virtues <sec> mark osler : courts considering troy davis case had to balance values .  he says the argument to proceed was the virtue of `` finality of judgment '' .  he says conflicting values relate to due process and the virtue of mercy .  osler : we should err on the side of further deliberation and of merc .
 opinion : veterans should n't politicize the honoring of another vet <sec> david heath , a war veteran , says celebrating veterans should n't be about politics .  heath has been in a similar spotlight and felt uncomfortable .  he says honoring troops is more important than where other vets stand on issue .
 army corps starts to blow up levee , flood 130,000 acres in missouri <sec> new : the u.s. army corps of engineers begins intentionally breaching the levee .  water levels near cairo , illinois , reach 61.4 feet -- far above the 40-foot flood stage .  missouri had tried to block the decision , which will flood productive farmlan .
 myanmar : curfew after buddhists , muslims clash <sec> two people are dead after violent clashes between buddhists and muslims in myanmar .  radical buddhist monks appeared to play a role in inciting mobs , says rights researcher .  myanmar has had numerous outbursts of anti-muslim violence in recent years .  the violence threatens the country 's fledgling transition from decades of military rul .
 knicks fire coaching staff <sec> knicks missed playoffs this year , with 37-45 record .  mike woodson was 109-79 as head coach for knicks .  firing comes month after phil jackson becomes team presiden .
 time the enemy in solving mcstay family killings <sec> chase merritt has pleaded not guilty to four counts of murder .  bodies of mcstay family were found in the desert in 2013 .  prior to his arrest , merritt shared his story with cnn 's randi kay .
 high court affirms third-party standing in employer retaliation suit <sec> eric thompson was fired after his fiancée alleged sex discrimination .  plaintiff was clearly `` collateral damage '' of employer 's act , scalia writes .  court ruled 8-0 that thompson has standing to sue for retaliation .  employment rules clearly favor thompson , ginsburg write .
 'at a crossroads ' : russian military muscle , vote heighten crisis <sec> u.s. warns americans in russia about possible `` violence or anti-u.s. actions '' .  u.s. , russian talks go nowhere : `` we do n't have a common vision , '' lavrov says .  john kerry : russia has a choice , will pay price if it annexes crimea .  armored trucks rumble through northern crimea ; russia stages military drill near ukraine borde .
 scientific review reaches no conclusion on source of anthrax <sec> new : legislators call for independent review of the fbi 's investigation .  panel says it can not say what was the source of the anthrax used in the attacks .  the panel does not offer an opinion on the guilt or innocence of suspect bruce ivins .  ivins , who knew he was under suspicion by the fbi , committed suicide in 200 .
 new fda rules target foodborne illnesses <sec> rules address produce safety and preventive controls for human food .  they will be available for public comment for 120 days .  the goal is to prevent outbreaks of foodborne illnesses , fda commissioner say .
 wta championships : li na seeks more history in istanbul semifinals <sec> li na to play petra kvitova in semifinals of wta championships on saturday .  chinese star will become asia 's highest-ranked player if she beats the czech .  jelena jankovic will face world no . .  1 serena williams in other last-four clash .  serbian goes through despite losing to already-eliminated sara erran .
 commentary : when interest groups go too far <sec> zelizer : interest groups are focus of controversy over disruptive town hall tactics .  he says it 's not clear if the protests are largely being stage-managed .  he says interest groups are playing a bigger role in american democracy .  zelizer : there 's a danger that interest groups will choke off real debat .
 u.s. air force helicopter crash on uk coast kills four <sec> an investigation is expected to take several days , police say .  the helicopter was on a low-level training mission when it crashed .  the pave hawk is a modified version of a black haw .
 iraq liquor store owners fear for their lives amid attacks <sec> iraqi officials says 25 liquor stores have been bombed .  most of the stores are owned by iraqi minorities , officials say .  it 's not clear who is responsible for the attacks .  store owner : `` it 's not about liquor stores . .  it 's about the new democracy .
 apps to boost motivation and productivity <sec> witness up by jawbone lets you sign up for organized weight-loss challenges .  people are more motivated when they can see their goal and progress visually .  zocdoc lets you view pictures of physicians and book an appointment onlin .
 a grand dam with the power to light up africa <sec> ethiopia is building the largest hydro-electric dam in africa .  the country says the $ 5bn grand renaissance dam is funded entirely by the government and its people .  neighboring sudan and egypt fear that the dam will affect their water suppl .
 how businesses got social media smart <sec> businesses are creating new ways of engaging with customers through social media and interactives .  walkers , birds eye and douwe egberts are some of the big organizations changing their advertising rules .  consumers can tweet or instagram their way to a free snack , coffee or mea .
 protests ripple across syria ; at least 7 dead <sec> new : armed groups fire on security forces and civilians in douma , sana reports .  a witness says he saw at least six dead in douma .  one person is dead and 10 are wounded in al sanameen , witnesses say .  dozens more are said to be injure .
 emanuel expected to bring 'tough-minded ' approach to white house <sec> new : rahm emanuel will be white house chief of staff , barack obama says .  emanuel 's direct style has ruffled some feathers on capitol hill .  house minority leader calls pick `` ironic '' for candidate who ran on change .  emanuel is a veteran of clinton white house , wall street and congres .
 wounded warriors face home-front battle with va <sec> ty ziegel lost an arm , part of his skull when he was attacked in iraq .  va initially rated his brain injury at 0 % , meaning he got no compensation for it .  another vet : va rejected his claim , saying his wounds were `` not service connected '' .  ziegel : `` i want to make the va system better .
 campaigners rally to save 'racy pics ' banker dave 's job <sec> banker caught looking at photos of semi-nude model on live tv .  internet campaign launched in bid to save his job .  employer says it is investigating actions of client investment manager .  video of incident viewed more than 1.3 million times on youtub .
 new hampshire pumpkin festival crowd turns unruly <sec> bonfires burn in the streets of keene , new hampshire .  some in the crowd throw beer and liquor bottles .  this is the city 's 24th annual pumpkin festival .  keene is located about 80 miles northwest of bosto .
 portrait of an artist : the uyghur painter on mh370 <sec> 35-year-old uyghur artist memetjan abdullah aboard mh370 .  friends depict him as a thoughtful , passionate and `` progressive '' person .  artist 's work is in the china national art museum collection .  close friend kurbanjan semet holds out hope that he will see abdullah agai .
 blatter : 2010 south africa world cup huge financial success <sec> fifa announce they made $ 3.6 billion from world cup in south africa .  president sepp blatter said first tournament in africa was huge financial success .  organization reveal they made more than $ 4 billion over last four years .  blatter also said he does not expect to be challenged in presidential bid this yea .
 an overview of japan 's nuclear issues <sec> japan 's electric power companies run 54 nuclear reactors at 17 power plants .  they produced more than 280,000 gigawatt-hours of electricity in 2010 .  most japanese plants -- including the three facing emergencies -- use boiling-water reactor .
 source : carrie prejean 'sex tape ' spurred pageant settlement <sec> carrie prejean was dethroned as miss california usa and sued pageant .  source : `` extremely graphic '' home video involving prejean spurred suit settlement .  tmz managing editor says he got video during summer but was `` too racy '' to pos .
 rescue on of u.s. man in antarctica <sec> a sick man needed evacuation from the u.s. research base at mcmurdo station .  a crew of 12 , plus three medics , flew to his rescue .  the flight was the second attempt by new zealand 's air force .  blinding snow and snow on the runway at mcmurdo turned back the first missio .
 israeli pm netanyahu : iran nuclear deal 'historic mistake ' <sec> white house : israel `` has good reason to be skeptical about iran 's intentions '' .  the deal makes the world `` a much more dangerous place , '' netanyahu says .  `` you are not our enemies , '' israel 's president tells iranian people .  last week , iran 's supreme leader said israeli officials `` can not be even called humans .
 spit happens : saliva 's mysteries revealed <sec> saliva contains more dna than blood because of all of the oral bacteria .  most common type of bacteria in saliva is streptococcus , in a mostly harmless form .  saliva spreads molecules to the taste receptors on the tongu .
 dolphins killed for shark bait in peru <sec> more than 10,000 dolphins are being killed every year in peruvian waters .  dolphins being used as shark bait despite being outlawed by the country .  fisherman : the cost of fish bait in peru has gone up year on year .  the peruvian government has promised to investigat .
 will real madrid coach jose mourinho stay or go ? <sec> jose mourinho says he has n't decided where he 'll be managing next season .  an english newspaper , though , reports that he has agreed to rejoin chelsea .  mourinho insists he has always left his clubs on good terms , including chelsea .  mourinho takes a swipe at longtime madrid and spain goalkeeper iker casilla .
 google unveils streaming-media 'globe ' <sec> google unveiled a new home server called nexus q on its google play store .  google bills the globe-like device as `` the first social streaming player '' .  nexus q can be used to power speakers or be connected to a tv .  the device is priced at $ 299 and will ship in jul .
 randy travis gets heart implant , still critical <sec> new : travis remains in critical condition two days after being hospitalized .  travis suffers complications related to his `` recently acquired viral cardiomyopathy '' .  travis owns seven grammys , 10 acm awards and 10 ama statuettes .  his best-known songs include `` three wooden crosses , '' `` forever and ever , amen .
 north korea steps up activity at its nuclear site , south says <sec> new : it could be preparations for a test or deception , a south korean official says .  the reported activity comes just days before president obama is due to visit seoul .  pyongyang said last month that it would n't rule out `` a new form of nuclear test '' .  north korea 's last nuclear test in february 2013 was widely condemne .
 torres celebrates `` step forward '' in career with chelsea move <sec> fernando torres speaks to chelsea tv after signing for the club on monday .  epl champions agreed a deal with liverpool just before the transfer day deadline .  spain striker 's first game for blues could be against liverpool on sunday .  liverpool signed strikers andy carroll and luis suarez ; chelsea also secured david lui .
 'first lady ' of khmer rouge ruled unfit for genocide trial <sec> u.n. court in cambodia upheld earlier diagnosis that ieng thirith has dementia .  court : experts say accused 's cognitive impairment is 'likely irreversible ' .  three others , include ieng thirith 's husband , face charges of crimes against humanity .  khmer rouge regime 's four-year rule in the 1970s is blamed for 1.7 million death .
 decision nears on amanda bynes ' treatment <sec> doctors must decide if they want bynes kept on an involuntary psychiatric hold .  an administrative referee would hold a hearing at the mental hospital this week .  bynes claims her father had a microchip implanted in her brain .  the actress was admitted to a california hospital frida .
 slain ambassador died 'trying to help build a better libya ' <sec> new : chris stevens was a `` beautifully even-tempered person , '' his stepfather says .  diplomat was `` best of the best , '' longtime friend says .  he was a hands-on diplomat , cnn reporter says .  stevens died in an attack at the u.s. consulate in benghazi on tuesda .
 report : hundreds detained by israel without charge <sec> b'tselem , hamoked call on israel to release the detainees or charge them .  rights groups say 335 palestinians being held under administrative detention .  detention without charge or trial legal only in cases of national security .  israel says this is a valuable pre-emptive tool in its ongoing war on terroris .
 u.s. proposes new crash test for car seats <sec> the national highway traffic safety administration proposes first-ever side-impact tests for car seats .  those types of crashes are particularly dangerous because doors can collapse on passengers .  car-seat makers are already improving designs , but congress has ordered a standard be put in place .  more than 320 kids up to age 4 were killed in car crashes in 2009 ; more than half were in car seat .
 opinion : why we ca n't forget the gulf <sec> `` out of sight , out of mind '' does n't apply to communities along the gulf of mexico , philippe cousteau says .  we must take the time and effort needed to understand our natural resources , he says .  he says our understanding of how the gulf works remains limite .
 sarah hyland gets order to keep matthew prokop away <sec> tmz reports hyland accuses prokop of putting her in fear for her life .  `` the documents speak for themselves , '' hyland 's lawyer tells cnn .  hyland plays haley dunphy on `` modern family '' .  she met prokop when they both auditioned for disney 's `` high school musical .
 activists file lawsuit to try to stop restart of japanese nuclear plant <sec> a group of citizens seeks an injunction to block the restart of a nuclear facility .  many japanese people remain uneasy about nuclear energy after last year 's crisis .  reactors at the fukushima daiichi nuclear plant went into meltdown after the tsunami .  only 2 of japan 's 54 reactors are currently operatin .
 louisiana newlyweds want justice of peace fired <sec> couple were denied marriage license because they are of different races .  justice of peace keith bardwell said he was concerned for kids of biracial marriages .  louisiana couple eventually got married by different justice of the peace .  beth , terence mckay hire lawyer , want judge to lose jo .
 peterson sorry about 'hurt i have brought to my child ' <sec> new : adrian peterson was accused of abusing another child , khou reports .  da says he expects peterson to be at next court date in october .  the running back was indicted on a felony child abuse charge and missed sunday 's game .  vikings : peterson should play while legal process plays ou .
 three car bombs kill dozens in southern iraq city <sec> new : all vehicles banned in city of amara through thursday , provincial governor says .  death toll continues to rise as interior ministry reports 151 wounded .  state television reports that many of the casualties are women , children .  amara has been scene of fighting between rival shiite factions vying for powe .
 dani pedrosa denies teammate marc marquez in malaysia motogp <sec> dani pedrosa wins malaysian motogp in sepang .  honda teammate marc marquez in second place .  marquez extends lead in title race over third placed jorge lorenzo .  motogp legend valentino rossi in fourt .
 house passes energy overhaul bill 219-212 <sec> democratic leaders , obama twist arms to get politically dicey bill passed .  bill would reduce nationwide greenhouse gas emissions 17 percent by 2020 .  gop says bill would drive polluting companies to less-regulated countries .  bill faces unclear future in senate , where it has not been introduce .
