 arsenal keep up pursuit of epl leaders manchester united <sec> arsenal win 3-1 at blackpool to close to within seven points of epl leaders man utd .  41-year-old jens lehmann dons goalkeeping gloves for arsenal .  aston villa beat newcastle 1-0 to ease relegation fear .
 cameron hosts talks on football racism <sec> cameron says football can `` crack this problem '' .  the english premier league has had a number of high-proflie incidents .  one case stems from comments a chelsea footballer allegedly made .  racist taunts , alleged and proven , have dogged english football for year .
 chinese women push for a place in space <sec> launch comes 49 years to the day after russia sent tereshkova into space .  china 's first woman in space comes same week woman wins china 's first major golf title .  marketing experts are tapping into potential goldmine of female chinese consumer .
 seau 's death adds to dark legacy of championship team <sec> eight players from the 1994 chargers team have died .  junior seau was found dead wednesday .  the 1994 chargers are the only edition of the team to make the super bow .
 man pleads guilty to owing $ 1.2 million in child support <sec> prosecutors say robert sand spent more than a decade evading his obligations to pay .  hhs launched a website to get public 's help in finding fugitive `` deadbeat parents '' .  he faces up to four years imprisonment ; sentencing is scheduled for may 2 .
 gop hopes new class of black republicans signals trend , data suggests otherwise <sec> the new congress will feature three black republicans , a record .  republicans reached double-digit support from black voters in some states .  but experts say the gop has a long way to go before it attracts a large percentage of black voter .
 forget the g-20 , what are the spouses wearing ? <sec> gordon brown 's wife , sarah , greets dignitaries in american designer 's outfit .  michelle obama wears j.crew at london , england , summit .  both women pay for all of their clothes themselve .
 shenan chuang : is this china 's $ 50 billion woman ? <sec> shenan chuang helped transform the chinese ad industry .  china 's advertising market second-largest in the world .  industry expected to exceed $ 50 billion in revenue by 2015 .  wakes at 5am , finishes work at 10p .
 specter of arizona immigration law slowly drains economy <sec> anecdotal evidence indicates mere specter of immigration bill is slowly paralyzing economy .  hispanics make up 30 percent of the state 's population .  gov . .  jan brewer signed the bill in april ; jobless rate has risen each month since .  real estate agents , restaurant owner report big slowdown in busines .
 romanian sex trafficking crime family convicted in uk <sec> court : father , son deceived women into coming to england , made them work as prostitutes .  court heard how bogdan nejloveanu helped his son set up his own prostitution business .  police : marius and bogdan nejloveanu generated almost $ 20,000 each month .  police began investigating the nejloveanus after a social worker became concerne .
 sold ! auction sells furnishings from michael jackson 's last house <sec> a chalkboard with a message of love from jackson 's children sells for $ 5,000 .  the rug on which paramedics tried to revive jackson sells for $ 15,360 .  jackson did n't own the furnishings , but his use of them should raise prices .  auction is selling 524 items from rented mansion where pop icon died in 200 .
 threats after rams 'hands up do n't shoot ' protest <sec> rams tight end jared cook , other rams made `` hands up , do n't shoot '' gesture sunday .  cook says he intended no disrespect to police .  he also says he has received hateful messages and threats on faceboo .
 republican hill leaders , rnc chairman fight obama <sec> rnc chairman priebus said wednesday he does n't 'believe a thing ' obama says .  this comes despite initial bipartisan overtures on both sides .  but a mcconnell-boehner editorial laid out a partisan agend .
 silverstone unveils new pit and paddock complex ahead of british gp <sec> silverstone unveils a revamped multi-million dollar pit lane and paddock complex .  'the wing ' cost $ 43m and includes 41 garages , a new media center and vip suites .  former british champs including jenson button and jackie stewart were at the launch .  bernie ecclestone insisted on the changes when silverstone was awarded british g .
 kenyan police vow to 'finish and punish ' westgate mall terrorists <sec> new : kenyan minister : `` from the information that we have , '' 2-3 of the attackers are american .  gunmen , including snipers , remain inside the mall , two senior officials say .  on twitter , kenyan officials say they 're in control of the situation .  kenya red cross : 65 people are unaccounted for after the attac .
 this week on marketplace middle east <sec> this week mme takes a look at the relationship between russia and the middle east .  plus facetime with turkey 's garanti bank ceo -- ferit sahenk .  could ties between the two regions change from political to economic .
 obama demands 'unfettered ' access to iran facilities <sec> u.s. , iran hold talks on margins of multilateral meeting on iran 's nuclear plans .  obama says talks are `` constructive '' start but demands more .  foreign policy chief confirms another round of talks coming .  newly revealed iranian uranium facility is focus for world power .
 in political extramarital affairs , mistress rarely emerges unscathed <sec> in infidelity scandals , the woman 's life often does n't turn out as well as the politician 's .  vance mcallister 's mistress is no longer working for the congressman .  mcallister says he plans to remain in public life after scandal emerge .
 bolt runs fastest 100m of year in korea <sec> usain bolt runs the fastest 100-meters of 2010 in a meeting in daegu , korea .  the jamaican world and olympic champion clocks a time of 9.86 seconds .  bolt will next race in the 200m in sunday 's diamond league meeting in shanghai , chin .
 netanyahu urges u.s. to set 'red line ' for iran <sec> new : if israel attacks iran , `` there will be nothing left of israel , '' an iranian commander says .  new : there 's still time for pressure to work on iran , the u.s. ambassador to the u.n. says .  israel 's leader says in six months , iran will have 90 % of what it needs to produce a bomb .  he says people are trying to draw him into the american election and he wo n't allow i .
 benfica maintain sporting 's misery <sec> sporting 's worst season since the portuguese league was founded in 1933 continues .  the lisbon club lost 3-1 at home to benfica as sporting 's city rivals go top of the league .  fulham beat newcastle in the premier league while lazio are held at bologna in ital .
 former mexican president dies ; miguel de la madrid led country in economic crisis <sec> miguel de la madrid died in mexico city , family members say .  he was mexico 's president from 1982 to 1988 .  as president , he faced an economic crisis and a devastating earthquak .
 apple 's mac app store sparks another software gold rush <sec> apple launched the mac app store a week ago , spawning success stories .  like app stores for other platforms , it 's a central place for finding and managing apps .  the store was met with 1 million downloads in its first da .
 craigslist suspect 's wedding called off <sec> phillip markoff , fiancee call off wedding , according to fiancee 's lawyer .  lawyer : fiancee megan mcallister planning to move to new jersey .  markoff accused of killing julissa brisman after police say she met her on craigslist .  markoff also charged in connection with an april 10 robber .
 fauna fight : the battle over the roland garros expansion <sec> french tennis federation want to expand french open venue roland garros .  plans have met with fierce opposition from environmental campaigners .  expansion will take over part of an botanical gardens and adjoining sports centers .  move to one of three alternative sites rejected by federation in vote last mont .
 what we learned from florida-13 <sec> republican david jolly narrowly beat democrat alex sink in a special election .  outside groups supporting jolly poured more money into race than democrats .  republicans feel they have found a winning issue on obamacar .
 9/11 detective dies after battle with lung cancer <sec> new york police officer , a 9-11 responder , died after battling lung cancer .  nypd medical board presumed his condition was caused by toxic air from ground zero .  czartoryski 's funeral occurred on the same day 9/11 bill was derailed in senat .
 obama taps daschle as 'lead architect ' of health care plan <sec> new : obama says must address health care to fix economy .  ex-sen. tom daschle is a health care adviser on obama 's transition team .  the former senate majority leader says he plans to write obama 's health care plan .  daschle advocates expanding federal employee health benefits to private employer .
 9 best european tree house stays <sec> some tree houses are slick and modern , such as the swedish mirrorcube .  others are little more than a hut with a bed -- but still cozy .  croissants are delivered daily at europe 's tallest tree house , 22 meters u .
 petrov thanks fans for messages of support <sec> stiliyan petrov attends villa ' park on saturday to watch home match with chelsea .  announced friday that bulgarian international is suffering from acute leukemia .  veteran midfielder will start treatment for illness at a london hospital on monda .
 what 's next for obama on gay rights ? <sec> president obama announced on wednesday that he supports same-sex marriage .  frida ghitis : endorsement does not undo the fact that he has a mixed record on gay rights .  the gay community has derided him for his `` cowardice '' on gay issues , she says .  ghitis : obama needs to back up his words with actions going forwar .
 champions dortmund kick off bundesliga with win <sec> borussia dortmund 's quest for third successive title starts with a 2-1 win against werder bremen .  jurgen klopp 's team now undefeated in 29 league matches in a run which stretches back almost a year .  title rivals bayern munich kick off campaign with a trip to newly-promoted greuther fuerth on saturday .  bundesliga celebrating its 50th anniversary during the 2012-13 seaso .
 beckham returns to help ac milan claim emphatic victory over genoa <sec> david beckham returned to the ac milan team to help inspire them an emphatic 5-2 victory over genoa to keep the pressure up on inter milan . .  beckham 's passing was danger throughout and he impressed in a game watched by england coach fabio capello . .  inter remain top of the table after mario balotelli 's first-half strike gave them a 1-0 win over chievo in verona .
 army investigates sergeant for alleged sexual assault <sec> new : prostitution-related activity may have been involved , says an official .  service members anonymously reporting a sexual assault grew by more than 30 % .  `` no meaningful distinction between complacency or complicity , '' says rep. mckeon .  soldier was assigned to a sexual harassment and assault response progra .
 cowboys and indians unite against keystone xl <sec> mary annette pember thinks the push to build the keystone xl pipeline will hurt the land .  she says there is no escape from the order of nature if we poison our land and water .  she contends the land , water and wildlife are also members of the communit .
 newsquiz : week of february 18 <sec> use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student news .  write your answers in the space provided .  today 's newsquiz includes the media literacy question of the da .
 schmeichel tips dortmund for champions league glory <sec> peter schmeichel forecasts borussia dortmund to win the european champions league .  schmeichel won the champions league with manchester united in 1999 .  the dane says barcelona can be stopped , as chelsea proved last season .  schmeichel suggest jose mourinho can guide real madrid into the latter stage .
 teen at school for first time since being shot by taliban <sec> malala yousafzai attends school in birmingham , england , where she was treated after shooting .  malala : `` i am excited that today i have achieved my dream of going back to school '' .  taliban shot the teen in pakistan in october .  before shooting , teen got international attention for defying taliban 's ban on girls in schoo .
 north korea : ready to go to war with u.s. , south korea <sec> military drills are scheduled through march 9 .  south korea and the united states regularly hold military drills .  the most recent talks between north korea and the united states ended with little progres .
 downey : unsafe at home plate <sec> baseball becomes contact sport when catcher blocks plate to keep runner from scoring .  mike downey says the collisions at home plate are thrilling and often memorable .  but , he asks , is it worth the possible damage to the catcher 's body ? .  downey : ray fosse still feels pain from a collision 43 years ag .
 mo'ne davis ' little league world series comes to an end <sec> mo'ne davis is a star pitcher for a philadelphia little league team -- and a girl .  the world series ' most hyped player makes the cover of sports illustrated .  her team loses 6-5 to chicago , failing to advance to the u.s. championship gam .
 singer al jarreau hospitalized <sec> jarreau was admitted to an icu in the french alps .  doctors told the jazz singer to take time off .  four concerts have been cancelled .  jarreau could resume his tour next thursda .
 one company 's innovative health care approach <sec> geisinger operates hospitals , community clinics , its own insurance company .  company says its procedures , operations cost patients less .  `` we re-engineered all our care from beginning to end , '' ceo say .
 obama 's keystone problem <sec> the senate blocked a keystone bill from advancing tuesday .  but the issue wo n't go away for obama .  mcconnell : keystone will be `` an early item '' on 2015 agend .
 nepal earthquake : teenager saved from rubble on day 6 <sec> death toll rises to more than 6,100 .  pemba tamang , 15 , shows no apparent signs of serious injury after rescue .  u.s. special forces helicopter 30 , including 3 americans , to safet .
 why your facebook feed is full of giraffes <sec> a new facebook meme asks users to answer a riddle .  if you get it wrong , you 're supposed to replace your profile pic with a photo of a giraffe .  most users agree there are two acceptable answer .
 nyc council oks raising legal age to buy tobacco products to 21 <sec> mayor michael bloomberg is expected to sign two measures restricting tobacco .  one bill raises purchase age from 18 to 21 .  second bill will prohibit discounts and increase enforcement on vendor .
 packed restaurant deck collapses into florida bay <sec> the collapse happened during a san antonio spurs , miami heat game .  twenty-four people are being treated , three have critical injuries .  authorities believe no one is missing .  shuckers bar & grill is located in miami 's north bay villag .
 after nearly a century , a modern afghan railroad is under construction <sec> afghanistan skipped the age of railroads .  a line is under construction in the north .  rail lines seen crucial to extracting afghanistan 's mineral wealt .
 u.n. envoy 'motivates somali warlords ' <sec> somali journalists say u.n. envoy 's quote motivates attacks on them .  he appeared to compare somali journalists with rwandan radio staion during genocide .  journalists want an apology and the remark retracted .  rwandan radio was used to encourage participation in genocide in 199 .
 celibacy for priests a hot issue , just not for church leaders <sec> celibacy in the catholic priesthood still a contentious issue .  vatican says the vow underscores a priest 's commitment to his vocation .  opponents say celibacy should be optional , citing low seminary numbers .  speculation strong about whether a new pope will keep the discipline of celibac .
 more protests demand ouster of yemen 's leader <sec> witnesses say more than 500,000 protesters gather in taiz .  in sanaa , protesters and a smaller number of saleh supporters gathered .  protesters rebuff the ruling general people 's congress ' call for dialogu .
 group claiming to have romney tax records threatens to leak them <sec> new : a bitcoin developer says such a heist seems unlikely .  an unnamed group demands $ 1 million in bitcoins , an online currency .  mitt romney has not responded publicly , .  the secret service is investigatin .
 tampa , florida , homeless man finds fat bank account <sec> john helinski 's id and social security cards had been stolen .  his case worker and a cop had to get foreign id papers to get him a driver 's license .  then helinski remembered a bank account he used to hav .
 actor dennis hopper 's health failing , lawyer says <sec> hopper is dying of prostate cancer , say documents in divorce case .  he is too ill to testify , but doctor recommends he appear at star ceremony .  hopper is to receive a star on hollywood boulevard on frida .
 katherine heigl : i wanted to quit acting <sec> katherine heigl says she `` could n't say no '' to rom-coms .  heigl tells magazine she considered opening a knitting store .  former `` grey 's anatomy '' star has new tv show coming in novembe .
 massachusetts authorities investigating spate of suspicious fires <sec> officials in northampton , massachusetts , say 9 fires have killed 2 people .  5 structures , `` numerous cars '' burned early sunday , district attorney says .  fires reported between 2 and 3:15 a.m. , da says .  task force of local , state , federal fire officials investigatin .
 arctic ice to vanish in summer , report says <sec> new report says arctic sea ice will largely disappear in summer within a decade .  survey captured latest data on ice thickness in northern part of beaufort sea .  measurements show the ice-floes surveyed were on average 1.8 meters thick .  scientists warn that arctic ice melt is likely to set off `` powerful climate feedbacks .
 'the king ' of comic book artists <sec> jack kirby helped create many famed superheroes .  kirby 's energetic drawing style influenced generations of comic book artists .  the incredibly prolific kirby is now considered a towering figure in comic book .
 wikileaks suspect is deteriorating mentally , physically , friend says <sec> pfc . .  bradley manning is the prime suspect in the wikileaks case .  one of the few friends to visit him in confinement says he seems `` frazzled '' .  the defense department says manning is being treated no differently than other detaine .
 brazil awards potential oil bonanza to global consortium <sec> the consortium is composed of companies from brazil , europe and china .  the group has paid a $ 7 billion signing fee to access the libra oil field .  it 's estimated the offshore oil field holds anywhere from 8 billion to 12 billion gallons .  protesters against the sale with police and troops in brazi .
 severe weather sweeps across central florida <sec> new : 25 homes in hillsborough county were damaged by the storm .  thunderstorm and tornado warnings are in effect until 8 p.m . .  et .  reports that an airport building collapsed , trapping 70 people , are false , police say .  florida 's emergency management office says it has deployed personnel to the airpor .
 leno : why stone them for whom they love ? <sec> mavis leno led the protest of the beverly hills hotel , linked to sultan of brunei .  brunei recently implemented laws punishing those found guilty of homosexuality or adultery .  punishments call for flogging of women who have abortions , stoning of gay men and lesbians .  organization 's # stopthesultan demanding brunei rescind the laws , seeking u.n. actio .
 lawyers arrested protesting pakistan firings <sec> new : lawyers arrested at start of 'long march ' protest to the capital , islamabad .  protesters heading to islamabad to take their case to parliament .  they want judges removed by previous president be restored to office .  president zardari 's party had vowed to reinstate judges after winning electio .
