 getting back at your ex -- by getting surgery <sec> a survey by a uk plastic surgery group showed 26 % of patients were newly divorced women .  the women fall into three categories , plastic surgeon says .  one of them seeks plastic surgery solely to make the ex-spouse jealou .
 opinion : will the jpmorgan chase settlement be fair to the public ? <sec> jp morgan chase is reported to be in talks with u.s. over $ 13 billion settlement .  william black says if reports are correct , the public and shareholders will not see justice .  reports say california criminal probe will continue , but it 's not clear what may result , he says .  black : shareholders pay bonuses to execs who profit from frauds , then pay the fine .
 london court : 3 'inspired by isis ' plotted beheading <sec> three british men were charged thursday with preparing acts of terrorism .  prosecutors tell london court the men were inspired by isis to behead member of public .  the three were arrested in and around london on november .
 blast kills 71 people at bus station in nigeria <sec> scores killed , at least 124 injured in explosion , police say .  blast happened at about 6:45 a.m. at bus station on outskirts of abuja as commuters were on way to work .  nigerian president goodluck jonathan visited blast site .  no one has claimed responsibility but attack bears hallmarks of islamist militant group boko hara .
 can jumping spiders kill in space ? student 's experiment set for orbit <sec> egyptian amr mohamed designed an experiment for the youtube space lab competition .  his experiment to send jumping spiders into space will be carried out on the international space station .  his school was closed for several months during last year 's revolutio .
 appreciation : shirley temple , the model child star <sec> shirley temple was a leading movie star of 1930s .  she represented `` the epitome of childhood goodness and sentiment , '' said one observer .  fame was gigantic -- there were countless shirley temple products .  after movie career , she had successful adult life as diploma .
 budget bill prospects brighten in senate <sec> the house passed a compromise budget bill easily , sending it to the senate .  bill aims to avert another government shutdown as early as mid-january .  it would also ease unpopular spending cuts to the military and other programs .  some conservatives come out for the budget bill ahead of tuesday test vot .
 zoo lessons : four animal facts only zookeepers know <sec> from dr. seuss to dr. dolittle , life with wild animals may look like fun , but working at a zoo is no picnic .  here are some lessons best learned ahead of tim .
 obama and holder hone their messages on race issues <sec> new : holder cites mistrust between police and residents of ferguson .  no loaded language this time from president obama , attorney general holder .  in the past , both made controversial statements in response to racial issues .  granderson : obama has become more centrist in response to racial issue .
 investigation under way after waves kill cruise passengers <sec> cruise ship was hit by three `` abnormal '' waves , each about 26 feet ( 8 meters ) high .  maltese government officials begin investigation .  german , italian passengers killed when waves smashed windows .  fourteen other people injured in the incident which occurred off cabo de san sebastia .
 officer decides to pull the trigger as dash cam rolls <sec> an officer walks away from a suspect he has shot ; he keels forward to the ground then sobs .  dash cams reveal the intense emotions of an officer who decided to pull the trigger .  officer cleared of wrongdoing , though many expressed doubts in facebook posts to police chie .
 iran : military intervention in syria would spark 'disaster ' <sec> iran 's supreme leader says `` possible intervention '' would be `` disaster '' .  the foreign minister likens possible attack to return to middle ages .  u.n. inspectors are combing through an area outside damascu .
 syrian dissidents allowed to meet in damascus <sec> dissidents meet unmolested in damascus hotel amid clampdown .  `` we must change this tyrannical regime , '' a former political prisoner says .  other activists say the syrian street was n't represented .  white house calls event `` a worthwhile step '' but says violence has to sto .
 greece cleans up after night of rioting <sec> riots leave 106 police officers , scores of civilians injured .  the rioting follows approval of an austerity plan .  prime minister lucas papademos calls for calm , says violence will not be tolerated .  approval of the plan will pave the way for a $ 172 billion bailout dea .
 isis closes in on town in syria , tens of thousands flee <sec> new : president obama meets with national security council over isis strategy .  turkey deploys troops along its border with syria as lawmakers debate intervention .  british planes strike two isis targets in northwestern iraq .  isis closing in on the kobani area of syri .
 del potro pulls out of australian open <sec> del potro out of australian open .  has struggled with a wrist injury for ten months .  injury doubts persist over nadal and kyrgio .
 germany vs. brazil tweets were funny , brutal <sec> brazil 's stunning loss to germany in world cup inspired a flood of tweets .  they range from standard sports trash talk to pop culture references .  one gem : `` i just took the poll , which german goal against brazil are you ? .  i 'm # 6 ! .
 'spring breakers ' : james franco 's oscars campaign <sec> `` spring breakers '' distributor a24 has launched an oscar campaign for james franco .  the actor played a rapper/hustler/predator named alien in the film .  a24 's ad is vying for a best supporting actor nomination .  franco was previously nominated for an oscar with `` 127 hours .
 obama says protests give voice to economic frustrations <sec> new : vice president biden likens `` occupy wall street '' protesters to the tea party .  new : republican rep. paul ryan says lower taxes are needed to bolster the economy .  new : 10 demonstrators are arrested in los angeles for trespassing .  similar protests have cropped up in more than a dozen citie .
 u.s. marine says he 'd walked into mexico before arrest on gun charges <sec> andrew tahmooressi says he earlier crossed border by foot , stayed at a tijuana hotel .  tahmooressi , 25 , says he attempted suicide while mexican jailers abused him .  his family says he had recently moved to southern california to get treatment for ptsd .  u.s. marine sergeant says he accidentally crossed mexican border with three guns in marc .
 wal-mart : brain-damaged former employee can keep money <sec> wal-mart sued debbie shank to recoup $ 470,000 it paid for her medical care .  shank appealed to the u.s. supreme court , but the court would not hear the case .  on tuesday , wal-mart said it is modifying its health care pla .
 violence prompts state of emergency in nigeria <sec> the president called for a state of emergency in certain parts of the country .  those parts have seen violence by the group boko hara .
 philippines standoff in mindanao : clashes continue in third day <sec> new : mnlf rebels are believed to be holding at least 180 hostages , state media reports .  philippine troops continue a tense standoff with muslim rebels in zamboanga .  authorities say almost 13,000 people have been evacuated as a result of the fighting .  for decades , separatists have fought for independent islamic state on mindanao islan .
 opinion : the risks of obama 's executive power plan <sec> julian zelizer : president obama promising to take action even though his agenda stalled in congress .  he says obama is doing what other presidents have done , but there are risks to reliance on executive orders .  zelizer : next president could quickly reverse obama 's policies , and lack of congressional support weakens the .
 commentary : torture weakened america 's national security <sec> john kerry : barack obama 's early decisions were victories for rule of law .  he says president sent message that america 's values will guide terror fight .  kerry : torture weakened u.s. national security by sending wrong message .  he says closing guantanamo will be an enormous challenge for administratio .
 roseanne barr sheds pounds , thanks fans <sec> the actress showed off her new figure tuesday .  she will be a judge in `` last comic standing '' .  her ex has also lost a lot of weigh .
 man pleads guilty to racial threat using fake facebook account <sec> african-american man created account in november , pretending to be supremacist .  he used account to make death threat against a black university student .  man told fbi that he only wanted `` to get a reaction '' .  he will be sentenced november 18 , could get prison tim .
 thaksin : i am not red shirt leader <sec> thaksin : `` the government should be mindful that these protesters are thai citizens '' .  anti-government protesters support thaksin who was ousted in 2006 coup .  he fled country to avoid a corruption tria .
 somali women beaten for violating islamic law , officials say <sec> militant group al-shabaab imposes strict interpretation of law in areas it controls .  women violate law by not wearing socks , headscarves and by wearing bras .  `` al-shabaab dispatched men with whips to the streets , '' witness says .  al-shabaab is considered a terrorist organization by the united state .
 keeping fit on the road : a how to guide <sec> many people come back from trips abroad carrying a few extra pounds .  disruption of regular exercise regime and extra business dinners partly to blame .  fitness consultant shani anderson offers her tips for keeping fit on the road .  careful preparation , portable fitness equipment and extra discipline are ke .
 doctor : cameraman with ebola 'stable , ' but not in clear <sec> new : poll of u.s. nurses : ebola education , supplies lacking in u.s. hospitals .  ashoka mukpo is getting an experimental drug known as brincidofovir , or cmx001 .  liberian official : duncan left before it was known woman who infected him had ebola .  nih : american doctor with high-risk ebola exposure released with no symptom .
 georgia professor sought in shooting death of wife , two others <sec> new : marie bruce , 47 , wife of the suspect , was one of the victims , police say .  new : other victims identified as tom tanner , 40 , and ben teague , 63 .  new : suspect apparently dropped children off at a neighbor 's house before fleeing .  new : local , state and national alerts are out for george zinkhan , 5 .
 london 's best 'no reservations ' restaurants <sec> a growing number of london restaurants are adopting a no-reservations policy , accepting walk-ins only .  pitt cue co is credited with bringing southern american bbq to london diners .  current london hotspot bubbledogs is a champagne bar serving new york-style gourmet hot dog .
 q & a ; : the maldives - trouble in paradise <sec> new : former president beaten by police , maldivian democratic party says .  former president mohamed nasheed resigned after weeks of protests .  comes amid a rising tide of islamic rhetoric in the nation 's politics .  turmoil started with the detention by the military of a chief judge in januar .
 how obama will be on the ballot in 2016 <sec> julian zelizer : as a lame duck with gop congress , obama 's powers are limited .  he says best focus for the president is to position his party to win in 201 .
 protests continue in venezuela following 2 deaths <sec> protests over media freedom continue in venezuela a day after two protesters killed .  students oppose cable operator dropping 5 tv channels , including opposition station .  stations pulled from air for not broadcasting speech by president hugo chavez .  protesters : rctv suspension ( known for anti-chavez slant ) provoked by governmen .
 how one small bank keeps its staff among the happiest in europe <sec> a danish bank has repeatedly been recognised as one of europe 's best places to work .  the bank coaches its employees in self directed leadership .  the strategy is shown to have kept its staff engaged and motivate .
 2 secret service supervisors ousted in prostitute scandal identified <sec> new : greg stokes and david chaney are no longer with the secret service , a source says .  new : they were the two supervisors with the secret service members in colombia .  new : chaney declined to comment to reporters outside his virginia home .  8 other secret service agents and 10 u.s. troops are also under investigatio .
 debate moderator martha raddatz has covered white house , wars <sec> martha raddatz is abc 's senior foreign affairs correspondent .  she 's visited iraq 21 times and flown in an f-15 over afghanistan .  conservatives question her neutrality ; obama is a friend of her e .
 bombings , bloodshed mar end of ramadan in iraq <sec> new : the $ 10 million reward has been in place since 2011 , u.s. embassy says .  death toll grows quickly as explosions erupt throughout iraq .  celebrations marked end of ramadan .  july was deadliest in iraq since the peak of sunni-shiite violence in 2006 and 200 .
 'perfect muse ' : how the horse cantered to the canvas <sec> the horse has inspired paintings , novels and films .  artists have been capturing the image of the horse for centuries .  george stubbs painting sold for $ 35.9 million in 2011 .  stubbs is renowned for his paintings of horse .
 figuring out the magic of woodstock <sec> woodstock festival was 40 years ago saturday .  festival represents idealism , music , money , mud , depending on who you ask .  festival co-creator : it was the audience who `` created a legend .
 norman foster designs monaco 's new yacht club <sec> british architects norman foster are behind glamorous new yacht club on monaco harbor .  the new building is intended to celebrate monaco 's coastline and nautical heritage .  solar thermal panels as well as photovoltaics will augment the conventional energy suppl .
 selma protesters invoke ferguson <sec> protest links selma police killing of man a year ago to ferguson , new york cases .  protesters want video of incident to be made public .  officer , victim were black ; police chief says cases should n't be lumped togethe .
 racing champ dario franchitti calls it quits , cites doctors ' advice <sec> dario franchitti was injured in a crash on october 6 at the grand prix of houston .  franchitti , 40 , suffered a concussion as well as fractures to his spine and ankle .  based on medical advice , he says he has `` no choice but to stop '' .  franchitti ends his career with 31 indycar wins and 33 starts in the no . .  1 pole positio .
 aclu files 'right to read ' lawsuit on behalf of students in michigan school district <sec> suit : an 8th-grade plaintiff has reading proficiency `` appropriate for the 2nd or 3rd grade '' .  the aclu suit says students are not being educated as state law requires .  a spokeswoman for the governor says the state is working to improve the situatio .
 reddit shuts down community seeking navy yard shooter <sec> reddit shuts down community created to seek navy yard shooters .  site , which was embarrassed in the wake of boston bombings , says it violated its terms .  reddit bans the posting of personal information about others .  aaron alexis , 34 , has been named the lone shooter and was killed in the attac .
 judge : state ban on protests at military funerals unconstitutional <sec> federal judge tosses out missouri ban on protests and picketing at military funerals .  the law was passed in response to a protest by westboro baptist church .  the church members say they believe u.s. troop deaths are god 's punishmen .
 amnesty offer extended to insurgents in somalia <sec> new : large areas of somalia are suffering from famine .  new : al qaeda-linked al-shabaab has been waging an insurgency since 2006 .  group retreated from the capital of mogadishu over weekend .  insurgents promise to keep on fightin .
 police chief on 911 tape : i shot my wife in my sleep <sec> 911 tape : `` the gun was in the bed , i went to move it , put it to the side , and it went off '' .  wife of peachtree city , georgia , police chief in critical condition .  no charges filed while case is being investigate .
 mortician resigns in misconduct probe at dover military mortuary <sec> quinton `` randy '' keel was a civilian mortician at dover air force mortuary .  he sawed off the arm of a dead marine without consulting the family .  he was a supervisor who `` illegally '' tried to punish whistleblowers , investigators say .  officials are awaiting air force decisions on the two other supervisor .
 'bully ' controversy : student urges mpaa to change documentary 's r rating <sec> `` bully , '' a look at adolescent bullying in america , was rated r for `` some language '' .  the weinstein co. believes an r rating would diminish the film 's influence on adolescents .  they said they will continue keeping pressure on the mpa .
 public takes shots at armstrong in advance of oprah interview <sec> new : `` now is when the real work begins for lance , '' cnn ireporter says .  oprah winfrey says her team was `` mesmerized and riveted '' by armstrong interview .  `` i would say that he met the moment , '' winfrey tells `` cbs this morning '' .  the interview will air at 9 p.m . .  et thursday on the oprah winfrey networ .
 'star trek into darkness ' blasts off with a $ 70.6 million weekend <sec> j.j. abrams 'star trek into darkness ' landed at no . .  1 at the box office .  although it made $ 70.6 million in three days , that was lower than initial projections .  'iron man 3 ' continues to do well despite competition from the new 'star trek ' .  that movie made $ 35.2 million in its third weeken .
 hezbollah claims it sent drone over israel , but expert calls it 'rinky-dink ' <sec> hezbollah leader : we sent the drone into israel , and iran made it .  sheikh hassan nasrallah : the drone flew over `` sensitive sites '' .  expert : hezbollah has been doing this for years ; the drone has 'rinky-dink ' technolog .
 h1n1 virus ' death toll as high as 17,000 , cdc estimates <sec> cdc estimates between 8,330 and 17,160 people have died from h1n1 .  between 6,390 and 13,170 -- were 18-64 years old , cdc estimates .  in a regular flu season , about 36,000 people in u.s. die from seasonal flu .  90 percent of those deaths usually are people age 65 and olde .
 mychal bell of 'jena 6 ' released on bail <sec> bell released from custody after juvenile court judge sets bail at $ 45,000 .  prosecutor wo n't appeal ruling in bell case .  bell and five other black teens are accused of beating white student justin barker .  beating followed white students hanging nooses from a tree on school ground .
 gates foundation pledges $ 50 million to fight ebola <sec> bill and melinda gates foundation joins fight of ebola outbreak in west africa .  more than 2,200 people have died in guinea , liberia and sierra leone .  money will be used to purchase supplies and scale up emergency operation .
 mh17 crash : get up to speed on the latest from ukraine <sec> official : there could still be 80 bodies at the mh17 crash site in eastern ukraine .  observer : the crash site is `` one of the biggest open crime scenes in the world '' .  europe and the u.s. stepped up sanctions ; russia shows no sign of backing down .  as accusations fly , many make cold war comparison .
 bahraini activist arrested for twitter posts <sec> yousif al-muhafda is accused of disseminating false information about clashes .  a prosecutor points to a photo that went up during a demonstration monday .  the activist 's attorney says he was observing the demonstration , not participating .  human rights activists say his arrest is part of a growing crackdown on social medi .
 3rd person dies from asiana crash , hospital says <sec> all four runways at san francisco 's airport are now operational , airport says .  a girl , who 'd been in critical condition , died at a san francisco hospital .  a teen who died earlier was hit by fire truck , police say .  her body was believed to be covered in foam sprayed by firefighters , spokesman say .
 'obliterated ' town coming back to life <sec> five years after hurricane katrina , waveland , mississippi , regains what it lost .  mayor : `` we were wiped off the face of the earth '' .  town has recovered about 65 percent of lost businesses since the storm .  about two-thirds of the town 's residents have returne .
 learning from amazon 's cloud collapse <sec> on wednesday , amazon elastic cloud compute collapsed .  the trouble was due to excessive re-mirroring of its elastic block storage volumes .  the collapse affected were foursquare , quora , hootsuite , scvngr , and many other .
 america 's most romantic towns <sec> couples can go for horseback rides on the beach on florida 's amelia island .  the pirate blackbeard once hung out in the historic town of beaufort , n.c . .  two california wine towns provide plenty of lovely dinner options for tw .
