 civil war re-enactors 'die ' for photographer <sec> photographer eliot dudik 's `` still lives '' series features civil war re-enactors .  his images aim to spark conversations about life and death .  2015 marks 150 years since the war 's en .
 analysis : obama did n't score knockout but landed more punches - cnnpolitics.com <sec> barack obama as president had a certain advantage on foreign policy in debate .  winning debate key , but projecting strong leadership might be more important .  last chance for both candidates to make impression before captive audienc .
 commentary : obama 's 'yes we can ' theme needs second act <sec> alex castellanos : obama 's message was populism and bottom-up change .  obama campaign taken over by democratic establishment , he says .  castellanos : democratic party champions big government and opposes change .  `` yes we can '' turned into `` yes washington can , '' castellanos say .
 does bergdahl swap set precedent ? <sec> the state department says bergdahl 's case does not set the stage for other exchanges .  alan gross is being held in cuba and kenneth bae is in north korea .  other efforts to win the release of americans being held overseas mired in controvers .
 chavez jr. tries to write his own legend <sec> julio cesar chavez jr. fights sergio martinez in a championship match saturday .  martinez says chavez jr. is champ only because of his father , one of boxing 's greats .  julio cesar chavez sr. won championships in three different weight divisions .  martinez is considered one of the top three fighters in the world toda .
 oprah praises young whistle-blowers at her school <sec> new : oprah winfrey praises teens who took complaint to school 's ceo .  winfrey says `` horrible situation '' has been rooted out at school .  matron allegedly abused seven school students , the youngest age 13 .  tiny virginia makopo , 27 , has pleaded not guilty to the charge .
 atheists cite resurgence as they gather on easter weekend <sec> american atheists group meets easter weekend .  group seeks to debunk stereotypes about atheists .  leader says atheists are becoming more accepted .  `` i have n't danced naked under the stars , '' he say .
 'disintegrated ' air algerie plane found with no survivors ; 'black box ' recovered <sec> french foreign minister laurent fabius puts number of french victims at 54 .  `` we are ruling nothing out , '' french president francois hollande says .  wreckage found in mali , not far from border with burkina faso .  the plane disappeared from radar after changing its flight path because of bad weathe .
 drug criminals block roads in mexico <sec> five presumed drug gang members , soldier killed in shootouts .  criminals blocked roads with cars , buses to prevent military from arriving , authorities say .  area near texas border site of bloody fighting between zetas , gulf cartel .
 has corrupt florida city been scared straight ? <sec> hampton expects to learn fate at tonight 's meeting with florida lawmakers .  the city , pop . .  477 , was given a month to show it can govern itself .  if lawmakers are not satisfied , they vow to push bill to dissolve hampton .  state audit revealed mismanagement , corruption , questionable spendin .
 analysis : nsa privacy rule violations undermine government assurances <sec> new report raises more concerns over nsa surveillance programs .  obama : americans would be comfortable with programs if they knew all about them .  obama says programs not being abused ; later report says nsa often breaks privacy rules .  court overseeing programs reportedly does n't see all document .
 denise scott brown : architecture favors 'lone male genius ' over women <sec> architect denise scott brown worked with her husband robert venturi for more than 40 years .  venturi was awarded the pritzker prize in 1991 , but scott brown was excluded .  22 years on , a petition to recognize scott brown has more than 11,000 signature .
 gunman at discovery channel hq shot dead , hostages rescued <sec> a police sniper shoots james lee after lee aims a gun at hostages , police say .  three hostages are unharmed , officials say .  devices in backpacks held by lee have to be rendered safe , police say .  a discovery spokesman says the company knew of lee , did not take his threats seriousl .
 justices debate corporate responsibility for human rights abuses <sec> two u.s. cases seek to sue corporations for actions abroad .  the justices are being asked to sort out whether laws intended for individuals apply .  justice alito : `` there 's no connection to the united states whatsoever '' in these lawsuits .  justice breyer : would blackbeard get off by blaming crimes on pirates inc . .
 alex jones may be the king of conspiracy <sec> alex jones espouses conspiracy theories over more than 100 radio stations .  he says he believes globalist bankers want to establish world dominion .  jones supported the branch davidian church , famous for the waco standoff of 1993 .  his website biography says he has made more than 15 film .
 former navy seals died after coming to the aid of others <sec> glen doherty and tyrone woods were part of a security team that rushed to scene of consulate attack .  after they made their way back to a safe location , they came under fire .  they were among four americans killed last week in benghaz .
 tracking love across the globe : a complex business <sec> the roses come directly from kenya , colombia , ecuador and are picked up by a freight .  after a 10 hour flight , they land at frankfurt and here , it 's all about speed and punctuality . .  lufthansa cargo is one of the many carriers that help to deliver romanc .
 ex-student calls teacher over alleged sex abuse , posts talk on youtube <sec> teacher resigned after being interviewed , alhambra schools chief says .  the woman , now 28 , says the teacher abused her between ages 12 and 18 .  `` i regret it , '' the teacher states , according to the youtube video .  police are investigating , but the statute of limitations may be an issu .
 before i die , i want to ... <sec> candy chang is an artist focused on how we use public spaces .  she created a `` before i die , i want to ... `` project on new orleans building .  chang : people responded with a wide array of thoughts .  similar projects started in 25 nations , she say .
 tibetans cancel new year celebrations <sec> the tibetan government-in-exile canceled new year celebrations .  it asked tibetans to remember those who `` suffered '' under chinese rule .  tibetans all over the world will mark the day solemnly .  22 tibetans have self-immolated this past year to protest china 's policie .
 norway at top of prosperity index <sec> index is based on economy , government , educator and other factors .  norway tops the rankings for the 2nd straight year .  the united states is no . .  10 , down one spot from 200 .
 prosecution pushes death penalty for colorado theater shooting suspect <sec> a victim 's father says james holmes should get the same mercy he showed his victims .  prosecutor : `` in this case ... justice is death '' .  the defense said last week holmes would plead guilty to the avoid death penalty .  prosecutors criticized the move , saying it was done to generate publicit .
 federer registers first clay win of 2010 <sec> roger federer beats germany 's bjorn phau 6-3 6-4 in opening match at portugal 's estoril open .  world no . .  1 bounces back after losing first clay match of 2010 in rome .  swiss star will next play french veteran arnaud clement in friday 's quarterfinals .  top seed marin cilic wins rain-delayed opening match of bmw open in munic .
 new italy captain buffon ruled out for three months <sec> italy star gianluigi buffon aims for a successful recovery following a back operation .  goalkeeper played only one game at world cup due to a herniated disc .  he has been appointed italy 's next captain by new coach cesare prandelli .  juventus announce the season-long loan signing of marco motta from udines .
 creatinina : kidney disease plagues central america <sec> ckdu is a complex health problem with unknown origins .  the disease is especially prevalent among sugarcane workers .  kidney dialysis and transplants are often too expensive for employees .  some research on the disease is funded by the sugarcane industry , causing controvers .
 'godfather ' home up for sale <sec> the staten island home where scenes from `` the godfather '' were filmed is for sale .  the 5-bedroom english tudor and 24,000 square foot yard are listed for nearly $ 3 million .  the opening wedding scene in the 1972 classic was filmed on the propert .
 reports : third person killed in algerian riots ; food prices drop <sec> state-run media : the algerian government reduces duties on sugar and oil .  interior minister : a person is found in a hotel set on fire by rioters .  protests erupted last week amid rising food prices .  similar protests have taken place in neighboring tunisi .
 mamoru samuragochi exposed as a fraud , may not be deaf <sec> japanese composer mamoru samuragochi says another person wrote his music .  known as the `` japanese beethoven , '' he has reportedly been deaf for 15 years .  the man who claims to have written the works says he does not believe samuragochi is deaf .  but the composer 's lawyers say he has a government-issued certificate confirming his hearing impairmen .
 on the george washington bridge : 'those days ... like a disaster ' <sec> fort lee mayor accepts christie 's apology ; resident says , `` i do n't buy it '' .  official : four medical emergencies were delayed help because of snarl on bridge .  lane closures tied up traffic on busy bridge in september .  e-mails and texts emerged this week suggesting that christie aide was involved in closure .
 nigerian nba boss finding africa 's basketball stars <sec> masai ujiri is the general manager of nba team the denver nuggets .  the nigerian is the first african to take charge of an american major league team .  ujiri hopes to grow the sport of basketball across afric .
 rosetta 's big lesson <sec> rosetta space mission a huge success : martin barstow .  project was enormously ambitious and technically risky : barstow .  mission shows benefit of agencies collaborating , he say .
 the truth about border security ( opinion ) <sec> to meaningfully improve our border security , congress should pass immigration reform .  migrant workers should be allowed to apply for validated , biometric entry keys to cross our border safely and legall .
 dutch , u.s. authorities investigating needles in airline sandwiches <sec> new : countries develop their own rules on airplane food catering .  dutch authorities say six needles have been found .  a military police spokesman in the netherlands says a criminal investigation is under way .  one passenger was injured when he bit into a sandwich containing a needl .
 jimmy cliff , abba among rock hall inductees <sec> induction ceremony held monday night at the waldorf astoria hotel in new york .  inductees chosen by a voting committee of the rock and roll hall of fame foundation .  artists are eligible 25 years after their first recording is release .
 national parks get boost - cnnpolitics.com <sec> congress passed major parks and wilderness legislation .  it 's the largest expansion for the national park service in decades .  while the bill had bipartisan support , it underwent some turbulence by conservative .
 south africa 's rooibos a hit with tea lovers across the world <sec> an increasing number of tea lovers are turning to rooibos for its health benefits .  the plant grows only in south africa 's western cape province .  the multi-million dollar industry is fighting to protect the rooibos name and its heritage .  producers are lobbying for the tea to be given geographical indication statu .
 feds : ecstasy found in vehicle at u.s.-canada border <sec> vehicle from canada stopped in detroit .  occupants say they were headed for atlanta , u.s. authorities say .  search turns up 53 pounds of drug ecstasy , according to agenc .
 as floodwaters rise , thai pm looks to recovery <sec> thai pm lays out three-point flood recovery plan .  floodwater moving closer to heart of thai capital .  thousands refusing to leave home , risk being trapped without food .  more than 500 people have died , interior ministry say .
 at least 4 escaped ukraine plane downing near russia <sec> all eight on board downed plane were ukrainian , defense ministry spokesman says .  four escaped after plane hit ; two taken hostage , official says .  kiev officials say rocket that struck plane crash appears to have come from russi .
 assistant principal who tackled stabbing suspect hailed as 'great man ' <sec> a mass stabbing takes place at franklin regional senior high school outside pittsburgh .  assistant principal sam king brings down the suspect , according to police .  a former student says if anyone would have done that , `` it would be him '' .  king is celebrated on social media as `` a hero '' and `` man of the year .
 ntsb to probe problems on other airbus flights <sec> probe involves two failures of airspeed and altitude indications aboard a330s .  on june 1 , an air france a330 crashed into the atlantic .  investigators are looking at the possible role of airspeed sensors in that crash .  the planes involved in the other two incidents landed safel .
 manassero welcomes golf 's latest wave of young pretenders <sec> matteo manassero is encouraged by the number of young golfers coming through .  manassero is the youngest player ever to win an event on the european tour .  the italian is targeting his first win since the european pga championship triumph in 201 .
 guard faces charges in case of u.s. student killed in costa rica <sec> a security guard apparently mistook the boy for a thief , authorities say .  the 16-year-old was in costa rica on a trip with his school 's spanish club .  he was shot in his ches .
 military in charge of spanish air space after controllers walk out <sec> new : the spanish military is called in to replace striking air traffic controllers .  air traffic controllers walk out after approval of a measure covering work conditions .  millions of people are traveling on spain 's long holiday weeken .
 groups protest decision not to re-enroll child of lesbians <sec> gay and lesbian groups call the decision `` discrimination on the back of a child '' .  archdiocese says decision `` respects the integrity of the catholic school 's philosophy '' .  about 30 opponents of the move protested sunday outside the church during mas .
 orbitz fined $ 50,000 for failing to clearly disclose baggage fees <sec> the dot fines orbitz for failing to properly disclose baggage fees on its website .  customers had to scroll to the bottom of the page to find baggage fees , the dot says .  orbitz says it has corrected its site `` to be consistent with dot 's preference '' .  `` we are not aware of any consumer confusion , complaints or deception , '' orbitz say .
 italian captives in syria video : 'we could be killed ' <sec> two young women went missing after traveling to syria in late july .  some online postings say the video is from al qaeda affiliate jabhat al-nusra .  `` i have no doubt that it 's them , '' the father of one of the captives tells cn .
 ranking socially conscious mbas <sec> 'alternative ' mba table ranks programs by social consciousness .  business schools increasingly consider social and environmental issues .  business community recognizes need for chang .
 this week in ireport : typhoon ketsana ; tsunami hits islands <sec> typhoon ketsana slams the philippines , flooding the capital .  an earthquake and tsunami left hundreds dead in the samoan islands .  watch team ireport talk about these stories and more .  share your stories with cnn at ireport.co .
 scalpel , scissors , landing gear : flying hospital helps blind to see <sec> the world 's only flying eye hospital is a jet converted into a fully equipped eye hospital .  eye specialists treat patients and train local doctors to ensure long-term benefit .  it has flown to 78 countries and trained thousands of doctors .  flying hospital treats diseases such as cataracts and glaucom .
 gulf coast beaches update <sec> health advisory issued for pensacola beach and perdido key beaches in florida .  mississippi beaches experienced significant oiling earlier this week .  health officials have issued advisory against swimming in alabama gulf water .
 christian bale wo n't be batman in 'justice league ' movie <sec> christian bale officially opted out of playing batman in the 'justice league ' movie .  bale said he would only reprise the role if christopher nolan directed the film .  `` the dark knight '' screenwriter said the new batman would be a rebooted characte .
 ex-pakistan spy chief urges talks with omar <sec> face-to-face talks would work best , says former head of the isi spy agency .  last year gul said omar was only person who can improve u.s. interests in afghanistan .  he insisted u.s. can access omar through pakistan military .  pakistan inter-services public relations deny military in contact with oma .
 the people who plan your next christmas <sec> retailers buy christmas ornaments 11 months in advance .  wholesalers create the ornaments 2 years in advance .  the atlanta international gift & home furnishings market is `` like a marathon '' for buyers .  christmas 2011 will bring vintage-feeling ornaments as well as bright , whimsical color .
 first asian model on victoria 's secret runway <sec> liu wen will be the first victoria 's secret runway model of asian descent .  she entered a modeling contest four years ago to win a laptop computer .  wen has appeared in chinese editions of fhm , marie claire and vogue magazine .
 ultra-orthodox paper erases women leaders in picture <sec> hamevaser cut women , including germany 's angela merkel , from front-page pic .  haaretz writer called the move `` embarrassing '' and others on social media slammed the decision .  ultra-orthodox often eschew showing images of women for modesty 's sak .
 down but not out : china 's jade rabbit lunar rover back from the dead <sec> china 's chang'e 3 moon rover , thought to be beyond saving , has resumed signal-receiving status .  'jade rabbit ' prematurely pronounced inoperative .  moon rover 's 300,000 weibo fans rejoic .
 reggie love talks obama friendship in new book <sec> president barack obama 's most notable aide , reggie love , is releasing a book .  in `` power forward : my presidential education , '' love talks about his five years in the administration .  love describes the president as part boss , part mentor .  the book is set to hit stores on feb . .
 her success against odds inspires singer john legend <sec> legend 's hero , `` mama '' mwadawa ruziga , is lifting herself and others from poverty .  they met when the singer/songwriter visited tanzania on an anti-poverty campaign .  ruziga leads a business collective that makes products from local fruits , sells them .  this is the first time some members of her group have ever earned an incom .
 toxic cloud passes , residents allowed home <sec> new : environmental official says area surveyed , no traces of chemical remain .  toxic cloud forms saturday after chemical leak at pennsylvania plant .  three residents taken to hospital ; extent of injuries not know .
 nike 's bullet ad with pistorius backfires <sec> nike carried ad calling oscar pistorius a bullet .  nike has sponsored other stars who have fallen from grace .  reputation expert says as soon as an athlete harms a brand the link is cut .  some brands are looking at evading future fallout by using different language , he say .
 jaylen fryberg : from homecoming prince to school killer <sec> jaylen fryberg shot 5 , killing 1 , at his washington high school before killing himself .  fellow students express surprise , describing him as a well-liked and good person .  he was suspended after a fight , after `` racist '' words were directed at him , student says .  `` i would have never expected it would have been him , '' another classmate say .
 djokovic named laureus sportsman of the year for 2011 <sec> tennis world no . .  1 novak djokovic named laureus world sportsman of the year .  serbian has won three grand slam titles in a row including recent australian open .  kenya 's distance runner vivian cheruiyot is named sportswoman of the year .  european soccer champions barcelona named team of the yea .
 colombia peace talks set for october <sec> new : the white house calls the peace talks a `` milestone '' .  the talks will begin in oslo in october , and then move to havana .  colombia 's president says the outlook is good .  `` another colombia is possible , '' the farc 's leader say .
