 tsarnaev defense once more argues to move boston trial <sec> defense asking three-judge appellate panel to move dzhokhar tsarnaev 's trial from boston .  judge has turned down three previous defense requests to move boston marathon trial .  prosecutors indicate court is near to finding enough unbiased jurors in bosto .
 deadliest year in mexico 's war on drugs <sec> national media say 7,600 mexicans died in the war on drugs in 2009 .  gangs affiliated with two major cartels have heightened the violence .  despite dire situation , mayor of beleaguered ciudad juarez sees a brighter 2010 .  more personnel , tougher laws , crime stoppers all will be better weapons , mayor say .
 jon stewart named to 9/11 memorial and museum board of directors <sec> jon stewart has been a strong supporter of the project and 9/11 causes .  he dedicated a broadcast of `` the daily show '' to pushing for a bill for first responders .  mayor bloomberg : `` he understands how important the memorial and museum are .
 child fighter tormented by isis <sec> yasir , 15 , trained with isis in syria .  he had military training and religious indoctrination .  his father helped him escape into turkey .  but now yasir is torn between school and returning to isi .
 uae mall restroom stabbing : woman arrested <sec> slain american teacher is remembered for compassion and dedication .  woman also accused of planting bomb near u.s. doctor 's house in uae .  american was stabbed in the women 's restroom at high-end mall , police say .  the 47-year-old victim was a schoolteacher , mother of thre .
 thousands evacuated due to severe flooding in balkans <sec> worst flooding the region has seen in at least 120 years .  new : at least 20 people are dead in serbia and bosnia-herzegovina .  more than 16,000 people have been evacuated in serbia .  more flooding is expected sunda .
 ebola airborne : a nightmare that could happen <sec> experts fear that ebola will mutate and become spreadable via cough or sneeze .  ebola is an rna virus , meaning every time it copies itself , it mutates .  most mutations mean nothing , but some could change the way the virus behave .
 obama pledges to cut deficit in half at fiscal summit <sec> president obama reaches across party lines to host summit .  about 130 people from variety of areas invited to open q & a white house forum .  participants discuss country 's long-term financial problems .  obama 's plans to cut deficit may be complicated by continuing economic downtur .
 bombing injures somali interior minister <sec> attack on abdukadir ali omar left him with shrapnel wounds to his leg .  explosion occurred about noon at the bakaraha market in mogadishu .  interior minister is a popular moderate in somalia .  fueled concerns moderate islamists would strike against hardline al-shaba .
 sailor adrift for 2 months in 'surprisingly good ' shape <sec> father : `` i know he went through what he went through '' .  louis jordan was found on his sailboat , which was listing and in bad shape , rescuer says .  he appears to be in good shape , physically and mentall .
 'must-have ' gadgets at world 's biggest mobile show <sec> nokia , htc expected to lead a busy field for new mobile device launches at mobile world congress .  samsung 's galaxy s iii will remain under wraps as korean manufacturer focuses on tablets .  sony and motorola 's plans remain a mystery ahead of barcelona even .
 school year begins with still no sign of missing oregon boy <sec> video cameras are being put in place at skyline elementary in portland .  police continue to search and seek witnesses .  kyron horman 's father has said he thinks his now-ex-wife was involve .
 23 suspected pirates captured , indian navy says <sec> suspects caught in gulf of aden after failed hijacking , india says .  boats , weapons , ammo , equipment also seized , officials say .  piracy off horn of africa has sharply increased this yea .
 company recalls ground beef after e. coli reports <sec> new : none of those who became ill required hospitalization .  cargill meat solutions has recalled 8,500 pounds of beef .  three people became sick from a strain of e. coli .  the usda is urging consumers to check their freezer .
 it was romney 's debate to lose , and he did <sec> todd graham : mitt romney had a bad debate in iowa , did n't seem to know he 's trailing in polls .  he says romney needed new strategy , but he blew chances to go after front-runner gingrich .  when other candidates attacked him and gingrich , romney failed to differentiate himself .  graham : gingrich acted ready to take on obama ; romney acted as if he were trying not to los .
 strong earthquake strikes central chile <sec> new : the 7.1-magnitude quake cuts some telephone and electricity lines .  it is felt as far as santiago , 370 miles away .  there are no immediate reports of major damag .
 review : 'jack and jill ' is stupefyingly unfunny <sec> on a scale of 1 to 10 on the laugh meter , `` jack and jill '' is a negative 10 .  jack is gritting his teeth over a holiday visit from his loudmouthed twin jill .  the plot is a stew of half-baked ideas that quickly turns ranci .
 serena williams clarifies steubenville rape comments <sec> serena williams clarifies comments on steubenville rape published in rolling stone .  tennis star apologizes for `` what i supposedly said , '' calls crime `` horrible tragedy '' .  the victim `` should n't have put herself in that position , '' williams said , according to rolling stone .  rolling stone reporter stands by the article , says interview is on tap .
 australian politician injured in kangaroo attack <sec> shane rattenbury was jogging in a suburb of canberra when he ran into the animal .  `` i did n't see the kangaroo , and it did n't see me , '' he says .  he had to seek medical attention for gashes to his left leg .  kangaroos are common in the area and do n't usually threaten human .
 toll rises in myanmar amid clashes between buddhists , muslims <sec> four townships in central myanmar under a state of emergency , the president says .  the rioting has driven thousands of people from their homes , officials say .  clashes started with a dispute between a muslim shop owner and buddhist sellers .  last year , ethnic violence in western myanmar left scores of people dea .
 progress , but no deal yet on iran nuclear talks <sec> talks run until early thursday morning ; expected to resume hours later .  iranian minister : other side must `` seize the moment , '' not try to pressure iran .  u.s. official : `` it is still totally unclear when this might happen , if it happens at all .
 will travel for food : share your favorite local eateries <sec> cnn and travel + leisure partner to eat like a local .  we want your recommendations for where to get the taste of a place .  share your picks with ireport for possible inclusion in upcoming storie .
 meningitis death tied to princeton outbreak <sec> a drexel university student died march 10 from group b meningitis .  the student had been in contact with princeton students .  the death raises concerns the outbreak may still be present at princeto .
 fears for baby polar bear after twin dies <sec> german zookeepers concerned for baby polar bear after its twin died .  young polar bear died monday , less than two weeks after it was born .  baby nowhere to be found in enclosure ; mothers often eat young if sense dange .
 patty hearst 's dog nabs win at westminster <sec> patty hearst is one of three owners of shih tzu that won toy dog category .  the heiress is best known for being kidnapped by a radical group in 1974 .  rocket the shih tzu will compete for best in show tuesday nigh .
 crew may face manslaughter charges in deadly hong kong ferry crash <sec> commission of inquiry into hong kong 's deadliest boat crash in decades held preliminary hearing .  police may charge crew from both boats with manslaughter next month .  commission will not determine civil or criminal liability .  commission expected to deliver report in apri .
 man utd 's evra to pursue racism claim against liverpool 's suarez <sec> patrice evra will continue his complaint of racial abuse against luis suarez .  english fa is investigating after incidents in liverpool-manchester united game .  liverpool striker suarez has denied the claims by united defender evra .  evra is expected to play in united 's champions league trip to romania on tuesda .
 from russia , no love for viktor yanukovych <sec> ex-envoy sees signs that yanukovych `` is not in good standing with his current host '' .  yanukovych and russian president vladimir putin have talked by phone but have not met .  the ousted president expresses surprise that putin has not done mor .
 woods lined up for turkey 's european tour bow <sec> tiger woods to play in turkey 's first european tour event .  the turkish airlines open will be staged between november 7-10 .  the world no . .  1 played in the unsanctioned world golf finals last year .  the new tournament will form part of the european tour 's final serie .
 government report slams tsa program to spot possible terrorists <sec> gao says tsa has spent $ 900 million on unproven terrorist-spotting program .  the program has trained observers looking for signs of stress , fear or deception .  the gao says the results of the program are `` the same as or slightly better than chance '' .  tsa : behavior detection techniques are a long-accepted practic .
 wta finals : williams and halep set for final rematch <sec> serena williams battles past caroline wozniacki in wta finals semi .  simona halep beats agnieszka radwanska in other semi .  romanian humbled the world no . .  1 in group stages earlier in the week .  williams looking to clinch a fifth wta finals title ; halep reaches final in first appearanc .
 both parties must lead on immigration <sec> ali noorani : both parties got electoral politics wake-up call from a diversifying u.s . .  he says latinos heavily favored democrats , but an out-of-touch gop bad for america .  he says bipartisan approach on immigration is good politics and good policy .  noorani : people across country want immigration reform ; both parties must delive .
 ukraine 's political upheaval boosts some while others get the boot <sec> ukraine 's sudden political transformation helps some , hurts others .  looking shaky : ukraine 's missing president , russia and its allies in the country 's east .  looking up : opposition icon yulia tymoshenko , the protest movement and the e .
 veteran jihadist moktar belmoktar is killed in mali , chadian forces say <sec> a u.s. lawmaker describes belmoktar as one of the deadliest terrorists in north africa .  belmoktar was killed during clashes in northwestern mali , a spokesman says .  he led a group associated with al qaeda in the islamic maghreb .  belmoktar had claimed responsibility for a deadly attack on an algerian gas facilit .
 opinion : the best week for privacy in a long time <sec> catherine crump : three major developments this week on the nsa surveillance issue .  a judge questioned constitutionality of mass surveillance program .  report by nsa review panel recommended sweeping changes .  president signaled willingness to seriously consider the panel 's proposals , crump say .
 u.s. weather : deadly beaches , grinding tornadoes and sweltering heat <sec> denver 's new heat record pales in comparison with oklahoma 's 100 degree forecast .  baltimore 's tornado makes for dramatic video , but twisters in kentucky demolish homes .  rip currents kill four in alabama , close beaches in florida .  despite warnings in alabama , beach goers , even children , still enter the wate .
 opinion : putin wo n't stop at crimea <sec> alexander motyl : crimea vote a joke : many believe war with russia inevitable .  he says when yanukovych was overthrown , ukrainian-americans were euphoric .  motyl : then putin made threats ; russia stole crimea and massed troops at border .  motyl : ukrainian-americans fear for friends and relatives in ukrain .
 hurricane raymond soaks mexico 's pacific coast <sec> new : raymond weakens slightly as it moves toward shore .  top winds are 125 mph , but hurricane-force winds reach only 25 miles from the eye .  the storm is centered about 135 miles off acapulco and is expected to turn west .  tropical storm lorenzo forms in the atlantic , drifts toward open se .
 bush signs bill funding wars into 2009 <sec> new : white house spokeswoman calls bill a victory for president bush .  bush signs supplemental spending bill with $ 162 billion for wars .  legislation funds iraq and afghanistan wars through spring 2009 without restrictions .  bill also contains veteran education and unemployment benefits and disaster relie .
 medical aid workers freed from captivity in kenya <sec> two aid workers with doctors without borders have been freed , the group says .  they were abducted in october 2011 .  the kidnapping came during an attack at one of the world 's largest refugee camp .
 illinois family deaths ruled murder-suicide <sec> coroner says four are victims of murder-suicide in addison , illinois , house .  bodies of married couple and two sons found after 911 call in suburban chicago .  father 's death a suicide , others homicides , coroner say .
 ray rice case : blaming victim is an outrage ( opinion ) <sec> carol costello says there should be no tolerance for blaming victims in domestic violence .  a `` fox and friends '' co-host joked that abusers should take the stairs to avoid cameras .  it takes abused women seven attempts to finally leave their abusers , she says .  costello : if you want to know why it 's so hard , talk to those who are abuse .
 cdc : health reform extends coverage to young americans <sec> new : the provision was also supported by gop , a john boehner spokesman says .  the measure covering dependents up to 26 generally has n't been a source of dispute .  the new law lets people stay on their parents ' health insurance through age 26 .  young adults are traditionally least likely to be insured , the government say .
 egypt 's el-sisi to resign , paving way for presidential bid <sec> new : chief of staff of egypt 's armed forces , lt. gen. sedki sobhi , is promoted .  police clash with protesters at cairo university .  egyptian army chief , also the defense minister , meets military leaders .  el-sisi deposed president mohamed morsy of the muslim brotherhoo .
 selling mandela : from t-shirts to tv shows , how madiba became a brand <sec> nelson mandela is recognized as a global `` brand '' .  mandela name has been used to launch collection of wines and clothing products .  two of his granddaughters starred in reality tv show `` being mandela '' .  some of his relatives have been accused of tarnishing his imag .
 70,000 jobs lost ! really ? <sec> union used the number to indicate `` the broader impact of halting airport construction jobs '' .  the true number of laid-off workers is probably one-third of that figure , expert says .  professor says the faa should be able to release the actual numbe .
 officials : inmates walked out front door during mass prison escape in mexico <sec> prison director is among 16 employees arrested after the escape .  authorities launch a manhunt after the escape .  police set up blockades on roads leading to the united states .  president : more than 1,000 inmates flee from state prisons in six year .
 tsonga slides to qatar open crown ; murray reaches brisbane final <sec> world no . .  6 jo-wilfried tsonga wins all-french final at the qatar open on saturday .  tsonga defeats gael monfils 7-5 6-3 in match which was delayed by misty weather .  world no . .  4 andy murray will take on third seed alexandr dolgopolov in brisbane final .  serbia 's janko tipsarevic faces canada 's milos raonic in chennai open title matc .
 mississippi teacher gets life for killing lover 's pregnant fiancee <sec> same jury that convicted carla hughes of murder declines to impose death penalty .  prosecutors said gruesome nature of crime warranted death sentence .  avis banks was five months pregnant when she was shot , stabbed multiple times .  prosecutors alleged hughes killed rival so she could be with keyon pittma .
 obama : i did n't mean to slight cambridge police <sec> new : gates eager for incident to be `` teaching moment '' to improve racial relations .  president says he hopes incident provides `` a teachable moment '' .  attorney says professor has no immediate plans to sue cambridge police .  union asked obama to apologize to `` all law enforcement personnel '' offende .
 joni mitchell : i felt like a black man <sec> joni mitchell told new york magazine she 's experienced being a black man .  the renowned singer-songwriter says she appeared as a black man on an album cove .
 reports : tax authorities swoop for maradona 's earrings <sec> maradona staying a clinic in italy when tax authorities swooped .  reports : argentina coach owes millions in taxes from his time playing in italy .  maradona says serie a club should have paid the taxe .
 house votes to stop npr funding <sec> new : the house votes to bar federal funding for national public radio .  npr 's website says the broadcaster provides content to 900 independent stations .  the house voted earlier to cut $ 50 million from the corporation for public broadcasting , which supports npr .  past efforts to refund the cpb and npr have faile .
 honduran president defends melons by eating one <sec> president manuel zelaya says honduran fruit has no salmonella .  to prove his point , he eats some publicly `` without any fear '' .  fda links 50 cases of salmonella to honduran grower .  1,500 workers laid off , grower reports losses in excess of $ 3 millio .
 obama signs payroll tax cut extension <sec> obama signs 2-month payroll tax cut extension .  house gop 's defeat raises new questions about boehner 's leadership .  the house and senate passed the bill by unanimous consent .  the procedural move allowed the measure to pass even though most members have left tow .
 sailing the northwest passage : dutch harbor and the bering sea <sec> team aims to discover how climate change has affected arctic and inuit people .  at dutch harbor , alaska , discovered how fishing quota transforming community .  unexpected calm weather on trip so far despite sailing `` deadliest catch '' seas .  read the first ship 's log from the crew of the silent soun .
 lupita nyong'o 's special 'sesame street ' message <sec> lupita nyong'o had a special message on `` sesame street '' tuesday .  she encouraged the kids watching to `` love the skin you 're in '' .  the oscar winner has spoken about her struggle with self-acceptanc .
 edward herrmann , 'gilmore girls ' star , dead at 71 <sec> edward herrmann , known for `` gilmore girls , '' dead of brain tumor .  herrmann was hard-working character actor known for roles as politicians , blue bloods .  he was nominated for two emmys for playing franklin d. roosevel .
 the cell phone revolutionary <sec> abayima is creating software that could be used to hack sim cards .  sutter : it will be a boon to activists and humanitarians .  the nonprofit is one of many tackling censorship in the digital era .  sutter : too many countries are using tech to crack down on free speec .
 gangs talk truce in world 's murder capital <sec> new : `` what we want is peace , '' a member of one of the country 's most violent gangs says .  honduras has the highest murder rate in the world , according to the u.n . .  the two most violent gangs will begin talks for a possible truce .  a similar truce in el salvador has significantly reduced the number of murder .
 john kerry offers condolences , support in canada <sec> secretary of state kerry is on his first official trip to canada .  he has a message for terrorist groups , and efforts to thwart their recruiting .  no place is safe for those who `` pervert the teachings of a great religion , murder the innocent '' .  kerry pledges the u.s. will work `` even more closely '' with canada to prevent terroris .
 obama 's great society challenge <sec> scholar : circumstances wo n't allow another great society .  obama could learn from president johnson 's mistakes , he says .  did great society sputter because johnson over-promised .
 family pushed to brink by 'perfect storm , ' avoids foreclosure <sec> the hicks family purchased a `` dream home '' just south of atlanta , georgia .  the couple struggled to pay the interest-only mortgage after it adjusted .  they suffered a series of financial blows from health issues to loss of income .  homefree-usa consulted with their lender to avoid foreclosur .
 violence flares again in tehran <sec> new : khamenei : islamic establishment `` will never give in to coercive demands '' .  new : iran 's ambassador to mexico says protesters want to `` impose a dictatorship '' .  `` they were waiting for us , '' one protester says of security forces .  troops beat demonstrators in tehran square , sources sa .
