 the tiny african nation that 's a rappers ' delight <sec> cnn 's errol barnett takes a hip hop cultural tour in gabon . .  he visited urban fm radio to learn about the african remix of american hip hop . .  barnett met ba'ponga , a local hip hop star who uses music to reach disaffected youth . .  for gabonese , hip hop music is not only about hope but unity , finds barnett .
 5 video games to watch from gdc 2013 <sec> game makers converge on san francisco for the game developers conference .  show offers sneak peeks at upcoming video games .  highlights include action game `` lego marvel super heroes , '' horror title `` daylight .
 new zealand refuses entry to rap group odd future <sec> odd future are `` deemed to be a potential threat to public order , '' immigration service says .  officials point to 2011 concert in boston that left a police officer hospitalized .  group leader tyler the creator still `` loves nz '' but calls the government 's decision `` sick .
 man tricks pregnant girlfriend into taking abortion pill <sec> john welden pleaded guilty monday .  he was accused of tricking his girlfriend into taking an abortion pill .  welden faced a life sentence but took a plea deal .  he is scheduled to be sentenced in decembe .
 young arizona mayor accused of taking bribes <sec> new : judge sets bond at $ 250,000 .  mayor of arizona city indicted on fraud , money laundering charges .  search warrants executed at mayor 's home , office , business .  charges allege mayor took money to obtain contract .
 'fast and furious ' report slaps 14 at justice , atf <sec> new : atf whistleblower calls botched probe `` egregious '' .  inspector general 's report refers 14 for discipline ; 2 already out .  atf will `` get off the mat again and keep swinging , '' acting chief says .  firearms traced to the probe were at the site of the killing of border patrol agent brian terr .
 oscars 2014 : five things to know <sec> despite obstacles , `` 12 years a slave '' takes oscar 's big prize .  ellen degeneres sets record for tweet with a star-studded selfie .  best supporting actress winner lupita nyong'o speech an oscar standou .
 ukraine says it 's made gains against separatists <sec> ukraine recognizes russian cargo as humanitarian aid , but delay likely in delivery of goods .  ukraine says it destroyed part of russian military convoy that crossed border .  british media outlets report they saw military vehicles cross from russia into ukrain .
 sex offender wins $ 500,000 alaska lottery <sec> lottery winner reportedly convicted in 1993 and 2000 for sexual abuse of a minor .  proceeds of the lottery help standing together against rape in anchorage .  fbi : alaska has the highest per capita number of rape cases in the united state .
 mia love 's inspirational life story ( opinion ) <sec> mia love became the first black republican woman in congress .  lz granderson says her life story is inspirational and reflects mlk 's dream .  he says love 's story shows that democrats do n't have exclusive right to black voter .
 death toll climbs in bangkok as thai pm warns of civil war <sec> eight dead in fresh clashes saturday in bangkok ; 25 dead in total .  thai pm abhisit says some protesters attempting to foment civil war .  security forces declare a `` live firing zone '' in a central area of the city .  opposition `` red shirts '' have been protesting against government for month .
 novelist loses a dog , finds a heroine in 'suspect ' <sec> in robert crais ' new novel , a pair of wounded warriors heal each other .  both main characters -- a longtime police officer and a war dog -- have ptsd .  crais says he found the world of military- and police-working dogs eye-openin .
 could malaysia airlines flight 370 have slipped by radar ? <sec> new : grief counselor : families are trying `` to hold onto any little bit of hope '' .  experts are divided over whether plane could have slipped past radar .  analyst : radar blind spots could be determined `` easily '' .  uss kidd pulls out of the search for the missing plan .
 officials : taliban executes boy , 7 , for spying <sec> new : afghan president calls execution a 'crime against humanity , ' if true .  boy was accused of spying for the government .  official : other such executions have taken place in the provinc .
 evacuations begin near colombian volcano <sec> eruption likely within days or weeks at nevado del huila volcano , agency warns .  colombian volcano 's eruption killed at least six people in november .  some 800 families under evacuation from high-risk area .  eruption would cause avalanche down paez and simbola rivers , officials sa .
 rossi continues remarkable return at german motogp <sec> valentino rossi records seventh fastest time in practice for german motogp .  defending champion rossi in action just 41 days after breaking his leg at mugello .  dani pedrosa sets fastest time ahead of title leader jorge lorenz .
 syrians flee violence in dangerous nighttime trek to jordan <sec> women and children are among the refugees who walk across border to jordan .  families were shot at and people injured while trying to cross , jordan border guard says .  refugees walk for hours or days , carrying what they can , to escape civil war .  jordan 's resources are taxed , and winter `` makes it even more difficult , '' border official say .
 should you look for work in china ? <sec> an american couple moves to china for work and tells their story to cnn.com . .  expert has seen a spike in inquiries from americans interested in expat employment .  a spokeswoman for the peace corps says applications are trending u .
 will caesars impress with las vegas high roller ? <sec> las vegas is the latest city to add a ferris wheel to its entertainment options .  the skyview atlanta ferris wheel has 42 climate-controlled observation cabins .  the tianjin eye in china near beijing , was built on a bridge across a rive .
 opinion : why china is balancing foreign policy in island dispute <sec> president xi has reshaped china 's foreign policy , stressing sovereignty and stability .  shen dingli : east china sea adiz looks to be china 's latest attempt to stress this approach .  facing increasing security challenges , beijing is likely to respond in kind , shen dingli say .
 new year 's resolution no . 1 : lose weight <sec> many people will choose weight loss as a new year 's resolution , but many will fail say experts .  one clinical psychologist says people sabotage themselves by not being clear on their goals .  pam wurst , ireporter seth leigh each lost over 100 pounds in their weight loss program .
 inside cambodia 's hidden child brothels <sec> mira sorvino takes a behind the scenes look at cambodia 's child sex trade .  karaoke bars are often fronts for prostitution in phnom penh , the country 's capital .  when a club hostess is asked to bring in younger girls , she obliges .  girls are shown messages from others who escaped life from these covert brothel .
 chavez leaves venezuelan economy more equal , less stable <sec> chavez will be remembered for improving the wealth and political participation of the poor .  the inequal distribution of wealth dropped to the lowest in the americas during his tenure .  while venezuela has the world 's largest oil reserves , production dropped under chavez .  venezuela devalued its currency by 30 % last month and is saddled with high inflatio .
 who killed the mcstay family ? <sec> joseph and summer mcstay , and their two boys , vanished from home in february 2010 .  their bodies were found in the mojave desert nearly four years later , buried in shallow graves .  from the start , the case has baffled investigators , but they are n't giving up .  `` i could have probably hired some boy scouts and done a better job , '' says joseph 's fathe .
 iraq 's baby noor : soldier steps up so a 'miracle ' is not unfinished <sec> col. kevin brown had wondered about noor , the iraqi baby his soldiers helped save .  a cnn story about baby noor struck a chord with him .  brown helped deliver donations from america for the disabled girl .  he did not want the `` miracle '' of baby noor left unfinishe .
 nasa sets shuttle discovery launch for wednesday <sec> nasa now says that space shuttle discovery is scheduled for launch wednesday .  shuttle is set to lift off for the international space station at 9:20 p.m . .  et .  the launch date had been delayed to allow additional testing .  discovery 's 14-day mission will include four spacewalk .
 all eyes on russia as opening ceremony marks start of winter olympics <sec> new : suspect reportedly in custody in turkey after jet bomb threat , desire to fly to sochi .  opening began with a girl , rigged with wires , flying over floats depicting russian landscapes .  russian president vladimir putin attended .  putin pushed for the international olympic committee to hold the games in the natio .
 indian lawmakers cast votes for president <sec> results from the vote by federal and state lawmakers in india are expected sunday .  the presidency is a largely ceremonial post , but does have some power .  pranab mukherjee of the ruling united party alliance is expected to win electio .
 u.s. contractor accused of 'deviant hazing ' <sec> watchdog : contractor providing security guards allowed `` deviant hazing , humiliation '' .  video showed naked man , another man apparently drinking liquid poured down back .  watchdog warns sec . .  of state clinton of security threat posed by behavior .  armorgroup , north america has contract until july 201 .
 north korea ramps up threats against military exercises <sec> new : north korea says it will counter joint exercise with its `` nuclear deterrence '' .  the military exercise is scheduled to begin sunday on both south korean coasts .  clinton : a peaceful resolution is possible only if north korea changes its behavior .  expert han park says north korean military should not be underestimate .
 plains states could see tornado outbreak <sec> a tornado causes scattered damage in norman , oklahoma .  severe storms are expected in plains states on saturday .  a tornado outbreak is likely in high-risk areas , forecasters say .  kansas , missouri forecasters testing graphic warning .
 they left the corporate cocoon to blossom <sec> google manager leaves during slow economy to force himself to change .  he says large resources can actually slow down the creative process .  exec at another firm misses big firm 's muscle but enjoys trying new things .  another ex-google worker says , `` there 's more to life than money .
 google hires camel for desert street view <sec> abu dhabi 's liwa oasis is captured using a google trekker camera attached to a camel .  google spokeswoman says the beast was most appropriate way to explore the area .  google 's treks have previously explored the grand canyon , the egyptian pyramids and the galapagos island .
 floodwaters slowly recede in eastern australia <sec> `` it will be an unprecedented long-term repair job , '' one official says .  with roads underwater , some residents are still using boats to travel .  nearly 2,000 people have been evacuated from flood-affected areas in queensland state .  police say 10 people have died in flooding since november 3 .
 'perfect storm ' of calamity , quake expert says <sec> civil engineering quake expert heads to haiti to assess buildings .  reginald desroches says the quake was `` really the worst of all cases '' .  desroches is a native of haiti ; his uncle died in the quake 's aftermath .  haiti must be rebuilt `` so that it 's safe and sustainable , '' he say .
 tell a brown girl she 's pretty , dreadlocks and all <sec> an oklahoma student was told wearing dreadlocks was against the school policy .  this week , the elementary school changed the dress code policy .  author yaba blay says people should affirm brown girls ' beauty and valu .
 djokovic on course for fifth china open title <sec> world no . .  1 extends unbeaten run with semifinal victory over andy murray .  serb will face tomas berdych in sunday 's final after czech player beat martin kliza .
 what i do n't want to happen at my daughter 's wedding <sec> adele raemer asks , what is the worst thing that could happen at a wedding ? .  caterer not showing up ? .  rainy weather ? .  for her daughter , it 's a bomb blast at the ceremony . .  share your own personal essay with cnn ireport .
 glenn greenwald 's partner david miranda wins partial court victory <sec> new : police hail court 's rejection of `` attempt to prevent further examination of material seized '' .  court bars use of materials seized , except for purpose of protecting national security .  lawyer for the police says a criminal investigation has been launched .  miranda was detained for nearly 9 hours sunday at heathrow airpor .
 police , protesters prep for ferguson grand jury ruling <sec> cities around the country anxiously await grand jury decision in ferguson case .  group calls for demonstrations in more than 30 cities from boston to los angeles .  law enforcement agencies prepare to respon .
 chile busts trade in exotic animals from peru <sec> more than 400 exotic animals from peru were found .  the animals include macaws , toucans , parrots , turtles , squirrels , crocodiles .  most of the animals are protected under international pact on endangered species .  the wildlife will be returned to per .
 as movement spreads , ny mayor slams protesters for 'trying to destroy ' jobs <sec> new : the nypd reports no protest-related arrests on saturday .  new york 's mayor says some protester concerns `` are legit , some are n't '' .  bloomberg says protests that target banks are also targeting critical tax revenue .  a protest spokesman says bloomberg `` has n't represented all of new yorkers .
 sale of 1 house will help 30 villages <sec> family tries to sell $ 1.8 million mansion and give half the proceeds to charity .  decision comes after discussions about how much wealth is needed .  family voluntarily downsizes to more ordinary house .  after sale , money will go to villages in ghana via the hunger projec .
 study : thousands of haitian children work as slaves <sec> study : as many as 225,000 children in haiti live and work as unpaid domestic servants .  known as restaveks , these poor children are sent by their families to other homes .  child-rearing given to another household in exchange for the child 's unpaid domestic service .  the majority of restaveks are female and are prone to abuse and rape by their host familie .
 israeli ambassador returns to embassy in jordan <sec> all but a skeleton staff was sent home from the embassy thursday .  more of the staff is expected to return to the embassy sunday .  anti-israel demonstrations have taken place in amman for the past several week .
 from second amendment to assault weapons ban : a look at u.s. gun laws <sec> the second amendment gave americans the right to bear arms in 1791 .  congress addressed gun violence in the 1930s in reaction to organized crime .  political assassinations in the 1960s led to the gun control act of 1968 .  assault weapons ban in 1994 expired a decade late .
 unification church member sets self on fire , injures others <sec> a fire official says three people were burned .  the incident comes just before the anniversary of rev . .  sun myung moon 's death .  the unification church 's headquarters are in seou .
 911 calls reveal a desperate bid to pull out woman mauled by cougar <sec> renee radziwon-chapman was killed by a cougar saturday .  she was the head keeper at a big cat sanctuary in oregon .  the owner called 911 after finding her bod .
 highway crash kills four in arkansas <sec> minivan involved was operated by group aimed at helping disabled people .  chrysler pt cruiser evidently went into wrong lane , officials say .  northbound lanes of highway were close .
 top 5 eye-opening mike rowe moments <sec> top moments from `` somebody 's got ta do it '' include a look at the largest human colon .  in another , mike rowe dangled high above a pool of water at a vegas show .  he busted a move or two during a stint with a marching ban .
 storm system threatens to bring high winds , tornadoes to 10 states <sec> new : forecasters see an `` increasing threat for severe thunderstorms '' into wednesday .  new : system stretches from texas north to michigan .  new : there could be `` damaging winds and several tornadoes '' in parts of 10 states .  snow and cold weather are n't far behind tuesday 's high temperatures and rai .
 scotland mourns o'donnell 's death <sec> scottish footballer phil o'donnell died after collapsing in match on saturday .  the 35-year-old motherwell club captain did not regain consciousness .  motherwell 's next two games against hibernian and celtic are postpone .
 kim kardashian speaks her mind <sec> kim kardashian shared multiple thoughts on may 7 .  some of it dispelled wedding rumors , others touched on more serious topics .  the reality star is set to marry kanye west on may 2 .
 transgender murder , hate crime conviction a first <sec> allen andrade guilty of murder , bias crime in teen 's slaying .  advocates : case is first conviction in nation for transgender hate crime .  case has been closely watched by transgender rights group .
 london rocks for nelson mandela <sec> celebrities , statesmen gather in london to celebrate mandela 's 90th birthday .  mandela at outdoor concert in his honor in london 's hyde park .  crowd of 46,664 sing `` happy birthday '' led by will smith .  performers include amy winehouse , queen , annie lennox , simple mind .
 playground made from trash gets children back in the swing <sec> ugandan ruganzu bruno raises environmental awareness through his art .  he uses waste bottles and other recycled materials to create functional pieces of art .  he won the city 2.0 award last year for his idea to build a playground from trash .  he has also developed a loan scheme that helps eco artist .
 famed boxing trainer angelo dundee dies <sec> dundee was inducted into the international boxing hall of fame in 1992 .  he trained muhammad ali and sugar ray leonard .  'dad lived a great life , and he did a great job living it , '' his son told cnn affiliate wft .
 utah asks supreme court to block same-sex marriage <sec> state seeks immediate ruling from high court .  emergency appeal filed with justice sonia sotomayor .  a federal judge struck down utah 's same-sex marriage ban just weeks ago .  utah voters approved the ban in 200 .
 'mad men ' and the real women behind them <sec> there are 7 women on the 9-member writing staff of tv show `` mad men '' .  some dramatic show moments written from writers ' experiences .  producer : women shock male writers by revealing how female minds wor .
 girls got game in cricket-crazy bangladesh <sec> girls are breaking down social barriers by starting to play cricket in bangladesh .  the sport has long been dominated by males in the cricket-crazy nation .  bangladesh 's religious code has made it difficult for females to play the game .  but despite a lack of coaching resources , girls ' teams are starting to flouris .
 rival schools bond to help rebuild haiti <sec> kaley shannon wanted to do more for haiti than send donations from a cookie sale .  she used facebook , phone calls to organize `` student hearts for haiti '' to help rebuild schools .  more than a dozen schools have joined the effort , raising tens of thousands of dollar .
 how bad is measles around the world ? <sec> immunization rates are declining in parts of western countries .  many u.s. measles cases in 2014 are linked to travelers to the philippines .  the philippines , which is coping with measles after typhoon haiyan , had over 50,000 cases in 201 .
 free-spirited drew barrymore champions women <sec> drew barrymore talked first boyfriends , fashion and girl power in october 's instyle .  barrymore admitted that her relationship with her mother is hard for her to talk about .  while she loves her life , she sometimes wishes that she could be someone else .  the full interview hits newsstands thursda .
 'parks and recreation ' producer harris wittels dies <sec> wittels produced , wrote and occasionally appeared in episodes of the show .  police say they believe he may have died from an overdose .  `` he was my baby , '' comedian sarah silverman says on twitte .
