 her smoking car problem <sec> an oil-thirsty engine and smoke coming from car 's tailpipe are signs of trouble .  bad valve seals or worn guides , clogged pcv valve , worn piston rings among causes .  white smoke : water condensation from blown head gasket , too much gas .  blue smoke : engine oil is being burned in the combustion chambe .
 'opie & anthony 's ' anthony cumia fired over tweets <sec> `` opie & anthony 's '' anthony cumia made racially charged tweets .  cumia took photo of african-american woman , claimed he was assaulted .  `` behavior is wholly inconsistent with what siriusxm represents , '' says re .
 this week on inside africa ... <sec> thousands of somali refugees are living in the u.s. state of minnesota .  minnesota 's somali community is benefiting from access to local healthcare .  one fast-food restaurant is treating american palettes to african flavor .
 body of missing skydiving instructor found in utah <sec> david brown was last seen in late june near moab , utah .  the skydiving instructor left behind cash , passport and driver 's license .  police said they do not suspect foul pla .
 former brazilian footballer 's head left on doorstep <sec> new : local media report that santos left the field this year to focus on his business .  police : the former football player 's wife found his severed head on their doorstep .  joã£o rodrigo silva santos played for mostly second-tier club teams before retiring .  o globo : police investigate whether facebook posts are connected to the crim .
 actor pete postlethwaite dies at 64 <sec> new : steven spielberg reportedly called him `` the best actor in the world '' .  he was nominated for an oscar for `` in the name of the father '' .  he also starred in `` inception , '' `` the usual suspects '' and `` romeo + juliet .
 bush : i would have done some things differently <sec> bush says he has always acted with country 's `` best interests '' in mind .  `` there are things i would do differently if given the chance , '' bush says .  president bush delivers speech before invited audience in white house east room .  tradition of farewell presidential address dates to george washingto .
 report : china to shut down hundreds of smaller coal mines <sec> effort targets deadly accidents , pollution .  china will switch to larger mines with newer equipment , increased capacity .  coal makes up 75 percent of china 's energy us .
 disney debuts do-it-yourself thrill ride <sec> disney opens an exhibit where kids create roller coasters -- and ride them .  theme parks are trying to make their rides more interactive , taking cues from gaming .  the `` sum of all thrills '' ride opens wednesday at epcot center in florida .  kids design their rides on computers , ride them in a stationary robotic carriag .
 wyoming officials eye slow-moving landslide , evacuate residents <sec> a slow landslide in jackson , wyoming , is tearing apart a house inch by inch .  there 's a 5 % chance it could become like the violent landslide that hit washington state .  officials are doing underground test to determine how big the landslide is .  some residents continue to live in their homes despite the evacuation orde .
 u.n. official : niger 's post-coup junta wants return to democracy <sec> general public sentiment in niger appears to favor last week 's coup , u.n. official says .  u.n. : collapse of talks over president 's effort to supersede term limits may have led to coup .  president mamadou tandja is said to be detained in a military camp .  new constitution in the works , u.n. official say .
 aaron hernandez sued by families of 2012 fatal shooting victims <sec> the former nfl star is being held on first-degree murder charge in death of odin lloyd .  families of two men gunned down in separate shootings file wrongful death lawsuits .  meanwhile , hernandez has been moved to a more restrictive jail unit after a figh .
 combative christie is back , reporters learn the hard way <sec> new jersey governor takes on reporters at sometimes heated news conference .  get your facts straight , christie snaps in response to hostile questions .  his trademark gruffness returns with an internal report clearing him in the fort lee traffic controversy .  federal and state investigations continue into the possibly politically motivated traffic snarl .
 man pleads guilty to misdemeanor after teen claimed rape <sec> mother of victim says she thinks prosecutor did what she could , but evidence was contaminated .  matthew barnett pleaded guilty to leaving daisy coleman drunk outside her house to fend for self .  he had been charged last year with sexual assault , but those charges were dropped .  victim says she is happy that barnett took responsibilit .
 missing dolphin trainer found dead <sec> dolphin trainer jose luis barbero was found dead in his vehicle , spanish police say .  grainy viral video triggered abuse allegations as he prepared to work at the georgia aquariu .
 ny city council overrides bloomberg veto on police measures <sec> christine quinn is speaker of the nyc city council , also a mayoral candidate .  she co-authored a bill to add an inspector general to the nypd .  amid nyc 's stop-and-frisk controversy , the bill passed but mayor bloomberg vetoed .  quinn and other city council member overrode that veto thursda .
 turkish delight : a sweet tour of istanbul <sec> istanbul , at the crossroads of history , is also a hub for sweet confections .  candied fruit , turkish delight and candy-coated nuts are among the city 's sugary bounty .  nut pastes such as marzipan are molded into colorful shape .
 four killed in car-train crash in s.c . <sec> amtrak train hits car near south carolina-georgia state line .  car apparently tried to beat train across tracks , official says .  four killed in car , including 12-year-old .  no train passengers injured , official say .
 opinion : benghazi hearing 's real target : clinton in 2016 <sec> david rothkopf : benghazi hearing upstaged by jodi arias verdict , cleveland story .  he says benghazi worth investigating , but committee 's aim was to undermine clinton .  he says little new revealed in hearing and no evidence of cover-up shown .  rothkopf : hearings an attempt to turn innuendo into blips on opinion polls for 2016 rac .
 'lost ' silent movies found in russia , returned to u.s . <sec> it 's estimated that 80 percent of hollywood 's silent-era films no longer exist in the u.s . .  ten films from that era were discovered in a film archive in russia .  they were turned over to the library of congres .
 hostage , 2 pirates killed in french rescue operation <sec> new : military says mission prompted by fear pirates could take hostages ashore .  new : owner florent lemacon , who was held hostage , dies in rescue ; four freed .  french military attack pirates holding yacht from different directions .  two pirates also killed in rescue operatio .
 basketball star dies after winning shot in team 's perfect season <sec> wes leonard was a star athlete and a popular student .  he scored the winning points to lift fennville high school to a perfect season .  he collapsed on the court after the game .  a small michigan town is in shoc .
 scientists study 'garbage patch ' in pacific ocean <sec> researchers are trying to learn the effects of the plastic and debris on wildlife .  experts from the scripps institution of oceanography will spend three weeks at sea .  scientists say this sea-bound trash zone is largest among worldwide debris fields .  researchers believe this enormous trash zone accumulated over many year .
 millionaires ' tax bracket would be a smart compromise <sec> earlier this year sen. schumer , rep. pelosi proposed raising taxes on millionaires .  reihan salam says their idea of a higher threshold than obama 's $ 250,000 could work .  salam : it would n't raise as much money , but would be more politically palatable .  he says another plus is that it would n't risk as much of an economic slowdow .
 teen tourist killed in u.s. virgin islands shooting crossfire <sec> teen tourist killed in crossfire on st. thomas .  an unidentified man also fatally shot .  shootout happened at a funera .
 investigators probe mystery disease killing cambodian children <sec> new : seventy-four cases have been identified , cambodia 's ministry of health says .  surrounding countries notified of disease ; doctors on alert in hong kong .  children suffered swelling in their brains and died because lungs faile .
 fabio capello appointed new russia manager <sec> fabio capello is the new manager of the russian national team .  the italian is `` happy and proud '' to be taking charge .  russia suffered a shock early exit at euro 2012 .  russia are due to host the 2018 fifa world cu .
 portland police , justice department agree on excessive force reform <sec> justice department , portland police agree on reform , monitoring .  police department had been accused of using excessive force on mentally ill people .  independent officer would take public feedback , measure complianc .
 sabritas target of a string of attacks in mexico <sec> thursday night 's victim is hospitalized with extensive burns .  last weekend , five of the company 's distribution centers were set ablaze .  the interior ministry vows to protect businesses .  u.s. state department condemns the attack .
 tempers fray as hamilton grabs china pole <sec> lewis hamilton will start on pole in china .  pushed teammate rosberg into second on the last lap .  rosberg refused to shake hamilton 's hand afterwar .
 nadal out of australian open <sec> rafael nadal has withdrawn from the australian open .  the 11-time grand slam winner had hoped to make his return from injury in melbourne .  nadal has been laid low with a stomach virus following six months out with a knee problem .  novak djokovic opened season with semifinal win over david ferrer in abu dhab .
 biti treason trial ordered <sec> magistrate rules tendai biti must face trial on charges that include treason .  biti 's defense team requests he be granted bail while waiting for trial .  u.s. secretary of state condoleezza rice condemns violence in zimbabw .
 american arrested in uae apologizes for facebook post <sec> florida man arrested in uae for `` cyberslander '' after facebook comments .  ryan pate , 30 , was in florida when he made the remarks .  pate said he regrets calling his employers `` backstabbers .
 former republican vp candidate , congressman kemp dies <sec> jack kemp , former congressman and vice presidential candidate , dies at 73 .  kemp announced in january he was battling cancer .  before politics , kemp was a professional football quarterback .  kemp also served as secretary of housing and urban development ( 1989-1993 .
 former death row inmate john thompson helps others exonerees rebuild <sec> ex-death row inmate john thompson describes re-entering society after 18 years .  thompson was weeks from execution when new evidence led to his release .  during thompson 's retrial on murder charges , a jury declared him not guilty .  thompson founded a group to help former death row inmate .
 serena shrugs off injury scares to open new season with convincing victory <sec> serena williams starts new tennis season with straight sets win .  she beats varvara lepchenko 6-2 6-1 in first round of brisbane international . .  15-time grand slam champion has had foot surgery .  sister venus stars as united states beat south africa in hopman cu .
 egypt says it killed 13 'extremists ' in sinai airstrikes <sec> airstrikes struck four homes in egypt 's sinai peninsula , military says .  military alleges those killed were `` extremists '' loyal to muslim brotherhoo .
 hat-trick for lewis hamilton in mercedes one-two in shanghai <sec> lewis hamilton wins chinese grand prix in shanghai .  third straight f1 win for hamilton .  mercedes teammate nico rosberg finishes second .  fernando alonso claims the final podium spot in thir .
 should america worry about morsy ? <sec> blake hounshell : morsy 's views on 9-11 , women and embassy breach worrisome .  in his u.n. debut , he touted islamic values but also affirmed egypt 's international obligations .  he may be anti-american but will rein that in because egypt needs money from the world , he says .  hounshell : morsy must help his country thrive ; if he fails , then worry about religious rhetori .
 swat valley : ski resort to taliban stronghold <sec> taliban militants in pakistan 's swat valley take control of neighboring buner district .  swat valley was once one of pakistan 's top tourist attractions .  militants are now closer to islamabad than any point since start of insurgenc .
 hepatitis outbreak in new hampshire strikes fear in 7 other states <sec> staffing firm says it 's aware of the issue but has no immediate comment .  the suspect worked in several states as a lab technician .  lawsuits have been filed in federal court in nebraska .  kwiatkowski is called a `` serial infector .
 more herbicides in food will lead to disaster ( opinion ) <sec> epa has steadily increased the allowable concentration limit of herbicides in food supply .  david schubert : herbicide resistant crops present health risks for consumers that can not be ignore .
 pro wrestlers shake things up in north korea <sec> cnn attends pro-wrestling festival in north korea in tightly-controlled trip .  behind public spectacle , is an attempt at sports diplomacy .  trip showcases country club , theme park , military might .  minders watch reporters ' every mov .
 prince william gives diana 's ring to fiancee kate middleton <sec> new : william 's brother harry is delighted to be getting a sister at last , he says .  both the ring and kate are `` special to me , '' the prince says .  the engagment ring his mother , diana , wore was last seen in public in 1996 .  the wedding is planned for the spring or summer of 201 .
 endorsements pure gold for phelps <sec> phelps already is collecting about $ 5 million a year in endorsement checks .  before the beijing olympics , phelps collected a million-dollar bonus from speedo .  phelps could join soccer star david beckham and golfer tiger woods in big mone .
 matt sandusky files motion to change name <sec> one of jerry sandusky 's six adopted children requests a name change .  matt sandusky 's wife and four children join him in the request .  matt sandusky admitted his stepfather abused him during jury deliberation .
 high court rejects lawsuit over gays in military law <sec> ex-army capt . .  james pietrangelo sued over `` do n't ask/do n't tell '' law .  pietrangelo had appealed case to u.s. supreme court .  justices without comment refuse to intervene .  obama administration had asked the high court not to take the cas .
 turkey : suspicious objects at 3 consulates <sec> suspicious items at istanbul 's canadian , german , belgian consulates investigated .  report : no one at canadian consulate is exhibiting alarming reactions to substance .  german foreign office in berlin reports a suspicious object at its consulate in istanbul .  belgian consulate : a suspicious substance found in an envelope is being investigate .
 third high school football player dies in a week <sec> a varsity football player dies after suffering game injury .  tom cutinella , 16 , was transported to a hospital and died later .  police in new york say he suffered a serious head injur .
 5 high-ranking kurds leave iraqi president 's party <sec> 5 politicians in kurdish iraqi president talabani 's puk party resign .  puk and kurdistan democratic party rivals for power in kurdistan .  official says resignations are over corruption , questions of where money goes .  resignations could threaten power base of talabani , first kurdish presiden .
 commentary : i was the 'queen of denial ' on autism <sec> didi conn says she tried to deny the seriousness of her son 's struggle with autism .  she says her son went through many different kinds of therapies .  eventually they found caring people who helped him progress , she say .
 south african captain graeme smith makes shock retirement announcement <sec> south africa captain graeme smith to retire from international cricket .  smith has captain his country for 12 years .  south africa rated no.1 test nation .  facing defeat to australia in his final match in cape tow .
 cowboy who won $ 232 million lottery known as 'good kid ' <sec> neal wanless from south dakota won $ 232 million in lottery .  former teacher : `` he 's just such a nice guy and i hope he does n't get suckered '' .  neighbors , teachers call winner `` dedicated , '' `` humble , kind and considerate .
 arizona execution : governor wants wood 's death reviewed <sec> new : director of the arizona department of corrections defends execution .  media witnesses say arizona murderer joseph wood gasped intensely .  his attorneys tried to halt execution more than halfway through and have wood revived .  new drug combinations in lethal injections have sparked controvers .
 agency scales back team after kenya aid workers abducted <sec> medical charity evacuates parts of its team in two camps in kenya .  it says it is working to ensure release of two workers .  two missing women from spain were in a pickup truck ; the driver was shot .  dadaab is overflowing with refugees fleeing war and famin .
 the search for sony 's soul <sec> sony 's new ceo has pledged to cut 10,000 jobs - about 6 % of its workforce .  comes after the company finishes its fiscal year with a record $ 6.4 billion loss .  the iconic japanese conglomerate has n't made a profit in four years .  the firm 's electronics business has been hit by low-cost competitor .
 taliban casts long shadow over afghan schools <sec> u.s. 101st airborne arrived in andar district in afghanistan 's ghazni province 4 months ago .  it was the first american presence in the largely taliban-controlled area in two years .  historically the taliban flee to their safe havens in neighboring pakistan for winter .  outside of this u.s. `` security bubble '' the fear of taliban among population prevail .
 after school reform march , teachers question what 's next <sec> about 5,000 people joined in the save our schools march .  one former teacher says she was told to cater to tests , not to students ' needs .  the u.s. education department : we all must `` get much better , much faster .
 the internet is mad right now - about everything <sec> fans are roaring even louder and more often these days .  `` dancing with the stars '' is the latest to suffer backlash .  `` 50 shades of grey '' casting continues to press button .
 jewish group 's visit sparks clashes at jerusalem holy site <sec> street battles began in jerusalem 's old city on sunday morning .  police : clashes begin when palestinians praying there start to throw rocks at visitors .  police says 2 palestinians , police officer hurt ; former mufti says 9 palestinians hurt .  chief palestinian negotiator saeb erakat calls the visit a deliberate provocatio .
 fatal bachelorette limo fire over san francisco bay ruled an accident <sec> the limousine 's suspension system suffered a `` catastrophic failure '' .  it created friction between the drive shaft and the floor board , igniting a fire .  five members of a bachelorette party were killed , including bride-to-be neriza foja .
 how colleges use , misuse social media to reach students <sec> universities are reaching out to engage with applicants on facebook and twitter .  expert : colleges should make their social media interactions personal .  student : `` why have a twitter account if you only have four tweets in the past few months ? '' .  survey : 98 % of colleges have a facebook page ; 84 % have a twitter accoun .
 sebastian vettel lauds red bull 's hard work <sec> sebastian vettel says red bull 's f1 dominance is down to hard work .  the german is top of the drivers ' standings ahead of the korean grand prix .  vettel is unconcerned by the boos he consistently receives from fans .  ferrari 's ferando alonso is refusing to give up on the 2013 titl .
 island airport proposed for london <sec> airport would sit on artificial thames island .  estimated $ 76 billion project is forecast to take seven years .  transparent hubs filled with trees would form passenger terminals .  heathrow `` to close '' if project realize .
