 israeli child burned in molotov cocktail attack <sec> girl and father burned when molotov cocktail tossed into their car .  attack happened thursday evening in west bank settlement ma'ale shomron .  idf still looking for the attacke .
 big chill as winter storm slams u.s . <sec> new : gusty winds and snow created whiteout conditions across upper midwest and great lakes regions .  new : about 3,000 university of wisconsin students descend on field for snowball fight , campus police say .  schools were also closed across iowa and parts of minnesot .
 u.s. , china must overcome mutual distrust <sec> kenneth lieberthal : u.s. and china have the most important bilateral relationship in the world .  although the nations stress cooperation , he says , each side distrusts the other 's intentions .  lieberthal : china believes u.s. wants to stop its rise and change its political system .  military topics must be discussed in depth , he writes , and confidence needs to be buil .
 minn. officers on leave after video shows suspect being kicked <sec> amateur video shows officer jesse zilge kicking eric hightower in his chest .  two officers are on leave pending results of an investigation .  st. paul police federation urges people not to rush to judgmen .
 messi 's left foot -- yours for $ 5.25 million <sec> solid gold replica of lionel messi 's left foot has gone on sale in japan . .  the 25 kg statue , worth $ 5.25 million , was created from mold of messi 's foot .  created by japanese jeweler ginza tanaka to commemorate messi 's fourth ballon d'or awar .
 turkey : from a bridge to an island in the mideast <sec> egypt scales back diplomatic relations with turkey over criticism of interim government .  turkey expert fadi hakura says turkish pm 's attempt to play leading role in mideast has failed .  hakura : turkey at odds with most gulf arab states , algeria , israel , jordan , morocco , iran , iraq , syria .  despite change in circumstances , turkey can not be ignored , says hakur .
 malaysian football fan 's nightmare turns to dream thanks to twitter <sec> football fan travels 6,500 miles to watch everton but game is called off .  english premier league side 's game against crystal palace postponed due to weather .  merseyside club contact rick wee after seeing his disappointment on twitter .  wee 's tweets lead to tour of club and meeting with manager roberto martine .
 5 things to know about dangerous , sars-like virus <sec> mers-cov has sickened 49 people and killed 27 , world health organization says .  the cases have a link to the middle east , especially saudi arabia .  experts say the virus could show up in the united state .
 burkina faso president resigns ; military in charge <sec> burkina faso 's top military official says he is in charge now .  president blaise compaore says he resigns .  protesters stormed parliament as lawmakers considered extending the president 's rul .
 brad pitt on love , sex and fatherhood <sec> brad pitt gave a candid interview to parade magazine .  says he stands by not marrying angelina jolie until it 's `` legal for everyone else '' .  actor says he loves being a father to six childre .
 obama talks libya with leaders of france , italy , uk <sec> new : the white house says the leaders discussed a coordinated response .  the french embassy says obama discussed planned measures .  the white house spokesman says all options are under consideration .  u.s. goals are to protect americans and halt attacks on libyan peopl .
 family of boxer fights for pardon of 1913 racist conviction <sec> heavyweight champ jack johnson was arrested around 1908 .  his offense : transporting a white woman across state lines for `` immoral purposes '' .  relatives working with washington powers to get johnson a posthumous pardo .
 no jail time for boy in bahrain accused of protesting <sec> ali hasan was arrested on may 14 in bahrain .  authorities accused him of participating in an `` illegal gathering '' .  bahrain clamped down on an uprising inspired by last year 's arab spring movemen .
 major storm expected to snarl thanksgiving holiday travel in northeast <sec> rain or snow expected to cause travel problems in the northeast tuesday , wednesday .  `` i-95 corridor may end up being the dividing line '' between snow , rain , meteorologist says .  american airlines is waiving rebooking charges for travelers using 18 northeastern airports .  aaa expects 46 million people to travel over thanksgiving , most since 200 .
 ukraine issues arrest warrant for ousted president viktor yanukovych <sec> `` this is not a restoration of the cold war , '' white house spokesman says .  russian foreign ministry accuses opposition of `` dictatorship and terror '' .  opposition leader says missing president is trying to `` avoid responsibility '' .  ousted president viktor yanukovych has n't been seen since saturda .
 chile quake : this was big but a bigger one awaits , scientist says <sec> geologists say an even larger quake in the region is lurking .  scientist : `` we do not know when it 's going to occur '' .  chile has seen no shortage of seismic activity in recent year .
 house gop already planning for next obamacare fight <sec> next fight with president will be over debt ceiling .  republicans seek to maintain united front in opposition to obamacare and other issues .  debt ceiling bill will include laundry list of gop priorities on entitlements , taxes , energy , jobs .  adding a mix of controversial items increases the threat of a default on u.s. deb .
 mccain adviser fiorina : palin not ready to run a corporation <sec> carly fiorina also tells msnbc john mccain is n't ready to run a corporation .  fiorina was the ceo of hewlett-packard and is now a mccain adviser .  she also says barack obama , joe biden not ready to be ceo .
 second body in east cleveland identified <sec> the woman is identified as shetisha sheeley , 28 .  she is one of three people found dead within a few blocks from each other .  `` i just want everybody just to pray for me , '' sheeley 's mother tells cnn affiliate wew .
 holbrooke : persian gulf money key to taliban insurgency <sec> persian gulf area is key source of money for taliban , u.s. diplomat tells cnn .  holbrooke : money from the area outpaces afghanistan 's opium , heroin exports .  much of meeting dealt with rebuilding after fighting in areas of pakistan .  holbrooke : afghanistan elections are a priority of obama 's administratio .
 miracle of medinah : how seve 's spirit inspired europe success <sec> europe staged a stunning fightback to snatch the ryder cup from u.s. grasp .  the u.s. had seemingly built up an unassailable lead before huge turnaround .  leadership specialist tells cnn memory of seve ballesteros drove europeans on .  european captain jose maria olazabal was close friend of late spaniar .
 the dark side of asia 's gambling mecca <sec> macau home to three dozen casinos and six times bigger than las vegas .  locals are questioning whether growth has been too fast and furious .  a gaming lawyer claims he was attacked in broad daylight in an intimidation attempt .  macau 's gaming sector is thought to retain deep ties to organized crim .
 pirlo strike sends milan top ; valencia overcome bilbao <sec> ac milan beat parma 1-0 to go top of serie a on saturday night .  udinese record their first win of the season beating cesena 1-0 .  in spain , valencia beat bilbao 2-1 , real zaragoza draw 2-2 with sporting gijo .
 commentary : when nobel prize rewarded failure <sec> julian zelizer : the last sitting president to receive nobel was woodrow wilson .  he says wilson 's prize came at end of a very troubled presidency .  he says obama is being honored at beginning of presidency .  zelizer : prize can serve as a moral compass to guide obama 's action .
 little rest for singapore 's silent army <sec> hrw : singapore `` should be embarrassed '' about record on domestic worker rights .  just over 200,000 foreign domestic workers live and work in one in six singaporean homes .  survey shows only 12 % of city-state 's foreign domestic workers have a day off a week .  fierce resistance from employers to calls for legislated days of .
 now that he 's free , can zimmerman make a living ? <sec> trayvon martin 's killer , george zimmerman , wo n't likely find a safe job , his lawyer says .  zimmerman has collected hundreds of thousands of dollars .  zimmerman 's wife faces a perjury charge for allegedly lying about their financial situation .  zimmerman has sued nbc universal , but has n't specified a dollar figur .
 russian supermodel 's playful ambition <sec> russian supermodel natalia vodianova runs the `` naked heart foundation '' .  her dream is for the foundation to build 500 play parks across russia .  the `` love ball '' was a celebrity-filled fundraising event held in mosco .
 the world 's toughest sportsman ? <sec> richie mccaw is second new zealander to lead all blacks to rugby world cup title .  he played through the last three games of the 2011 tournament with a broken foot .  mccaw is taking a six-month sabbatical from rugby in order to extend his playing career .  the 31-year-old is hoping to explore his other passion of flying gliders and plane .
 10 things i love about the iphone 3gs <sec> tech enthusiast chris pirillo lists 10 things he loves about his new iphone 3gs .  it 's more than 50 percent faster than the original iphone and iphone 3g models .  twice the storage capacity and five times the amount of usable memory .  the only iphone killer on the market today ... is a newer iphon .
 diane sawyer replacing charlie gibson on 'world news ' <sec> abc news anchor charlie gibson retiring at end of the year .  diane sawyer will take over `` world news '' beginning in january .  the pair worked together for years on `` good morning america .
 obama tees off with tiger but lack of access irks press corps <sec> president obama enjoys a round of golf with world no . .  2 tiger woods in florida on sunday .  white house press corps frustrated by lack of access at floridian resort in palm beach .  obama reportedly worked on his swing with woods ' former coach butch harmo .
 iranian tv to air interview with woman sentenced to death by stoning <sec> new : press tv took ashtiani to her home for a re-enactment of her husband 's death .  new : ashtiani confesses she `` made a plot to kill my husband '' in the interview .  new : the release of photographs fueled conjecture she had been release .
 northrop grumman louisiana shipyard to close in 2013 <sec> northrop grumman will close new orleans shipbuilding facility in 2013 .  louisiana gov . .  bobby jindal trying to keep new orleans yard open .  company 's gulf operations will be consolidated in pascagoula , mississipp .
 from disaster to triumph : a week in the life of mallory weggemann <sec> u.s. athlete mallory weggemann is an eight-time world champion .  weggemann paralyzed from the waist down after epidural injection to treat shingles .  the u.s. swimmer resumed swimming just four months after being paralyzed .  weggemann talks about overcoming obstacles on her journey to the london paralympic .
 typewriters live on in new york police department <sec> typewriters mainly used for filling out property voucher , says nypd official .  public records show city signed $ 432,900 contract for typewriter maintenance .  `` it 's so antiquated , '' said one office .
 film director shares sights and sounds of beirut 's 'little armenia ' <sec> film director nigol bezjian takes cnn on a guided tour of the bourj hammoud neighborhood .  bourj hammoud , on the outskirts of beirut , is known as little armenia .  bezjian , director of `` chickpeas , '' says he is armenian first of al .
 haiti transitions from relief to rebuilding <sec> two years after massive quake , organizations are helping haiti get back on its feet .  mfk and pih/zl serve health needs , create jobs , train workers .  hope for haiti helps schools rebuild and educate more students .  can-do aims to establish model communities , create more opportunities for wor .
 what 's in a word : does 'personal privacy ' extend to corporations ? <sec> the supreme court mulls whether a corporation has `` personal privacy '' .  at & t says yes , as it tries to prevent release of documents gathered by a federal agency .  some justices seem skeptical as they hear oral argument .
 u.s. releases $ 250 million in aid to egypt <sec> egypt says it will impose reforms with or without imf loan .  kerry releases $ 190 million to egypt 's government , $ 60 million for business .  more money will come if egypt implements reforms , kerry says .  egyptian president mohamed morsy has pledged to take steps to secure imf loans , he say .
 can china end conflict in the sudans ? <sec> violence and rhetoric escalating between sudan and south sudan .  observers fear the two neighbors are sliding back towards war .  international crisis group says china should be doing more to resolve conflict .  china has large stakes in oil consortia in the countr .
 top 10 ethical travel destinations for 2015 <sec> nonprofit group ethical traveler 's annual list highlights developing nations with promising human rights records .  vanuatu , samoa and tonga are new to the 2015 list .  ethical traveler 's research focuses on four categories : environmental protection , social welfare , human rights , animal welfar .
 world 's fastest supercomputer belongs to china <sec> tianhe-1a unveiled wednesday at hpc china 2010 in beijing .  supercomputer has a performance record of 2.507 petaflops .  tianhe-1a designed by the national university of defense technology .  system cost $ 88 million and its 103 cabinets weigh 155 ton .
 panthers qb cam newton injured in truck crash <sec> new : doctor says some patients ready to go after a week , some take longer .  team tweets cam newton has two fractures in his back .  newton is in fair condition , will stay in hospital overnight , team says .  `` it would appear the car rolled over . .  the accident is being investigated , '' police sa .
 death toll climbs in asian monsoons <sec> at least 137 people have died in the last few days , media and governments report .  as much as a foot of rain fell in parts of pakistan on thursday , government reported .  flooding is also causing issues in china , thailand and elsewher .
 heartbreaking losses as western wildfires rage <sec> new : california issues burning ban .  70 large fires are burning west of the mississippi river .  more acreage has burned so far than last year at this time , national fire officials say .  an idaho fire could force more evacuation .
 jennifer lawrence on fame , love and an oscar loss <sec> jennifer lawrence appears on the june cover of marie claire .  the actress explains why she fell again at this year 's oscars .  she also tells the magazine that fame has changed he .
 godfathers of metal black sabbath return to roots <sec> black sabbath creates history with the release of their new album `` 13 '' .  record is their first no . .  1 album in u.s. , first uk chart topper in 43 years .  singer ozzy osbourne says `` this was our last chance '' to return to their roots .  osbourne says he 's uncomfortable with legacy as godfather of heavy meta .
 clintons share stage , kiss during global initiative event <sec> bill clinton praises wife 's approach to food security at global issues conference .  hillary clinton wants farmers worldwide to grow own food to earn income .  clinton admits `` wrong-headed '' policy toward humanitarian ai .
 man , 42 , accused of threatening to shoot up utah mall , movie theater <sec> jack harry stiles , 42 , is charged with making a terrorist threat .  he told police he wanted to `` kill as many people as possible '' .  his first target was a salt lake city mall ; his second was a movie theater .  lastly , he planned to blow up a bus , according to his charging documen .
 budget cuts ground blue angels , thunderbirds <sec> navy 's blue angels had 32 shows left in 2013 .  air force 's thunderbirds lose more than two dozen shows .  federal forced spending cuts lead to cancellations .  air shows can cost bases $ 100,000 , air force say .
 officials : ecstasy is back , and it 's laced with meth <sec> more than half of all ecstasy seized in u.s. in 2007 was laced with meth .  teen in albany , new york , says , `` it 's easy to get '' .  ecstasy is coming in at rapid pace from canada , law enforcement officials say .  canadian officials say gangs with ties to china and india are behind the smugglin .
 icc drops charges against former kenya official <sec> new : politics is n't behind dropping the charge against the official , the prosecutor says .  new : the prosecutor says some witnesses are dead , scared or tainted .  charges remain for kenya 's newly elected president , uhuru kenyatta .  kenyatta , who says he 's innocent , wants the court to reconsider the charge .
 new york settles with 2004 republican convention protesters <sec> 1,800 protesters were arrested in new york during 2004 republican national convention .  a joint settlement is resolved between the city and protesters after nine years in litigation .  the average payout per plaintiff is about $ 6,40 .
 opinion : why thatcher was the 'iron lady ' <sec> tom rogan : margaret thatcher was a close ally of u.s. and helped end the cold war .  rogan : she stood against terrorism and stood up for britain , won the falklands war .  rogan : privatization , deregulation and curbing unions revived the british economy .  you always knew where she stood and she changed world for the better , he say .
 blues great 'pinetop ' perkins dies in texas <sec> he was born joe willie perkins in belzoni , mississippi , on july 7 , 1913 .  perkins won two grammy awards and a lifetime achievement award .  he played in muddy waters ' band for 12 years .  perkins releases 14 albums between 1988 and 201 .
 colombia says it killed cocaine kingpin <sec> new : weapons , ammunition found with dead drug lord , colombian government says .  new : defense minister warns drug dealers will `` end up in the jail or in a tomb '' .  victor manuel mejia munera linked to paramilitaries , also wanted in the u.s . .  the slain man was originally thought to be brother miguel angel meji .
 turkey positions itself as heart of the arab world <sec> turkish prime minister addresses arab foreign ministers in cairo .  speech put an end to turkey 's isolation from the arab world .  recep tayyip erdogan continued his diplomatic offensive against israel .  he is also scheduled to visit tunisia and libya during his `` revolution tour .
 romania denies hosting secret cia prisons <sec> romania rejects accusations by the council of europe that it hosted jails for `` enhanced interrogation '' .  human rights commission 's thomas hammarberg says `` the full truth '' must be established .  cia officials have acknowledged the extraordinary rendition program but refuse to disclose details .  records emerging from moammar gadhafi 's regime in libya contain potential revelation .
 ann romney stole the show on opening night <sec> david gergen : ann romney got the best reviews on the first night of the rnc .  he says she wowed the crowd , but will her speech gain new voters for mitt romney ? .  gergen : paul ryan faces task of pleasing the party 's base and appealing to a wider audience .  he says younger leaders are looking beyond romney for future top candidate .
 6 charged in human trafficking scheme involving thai workers <sec> indictment unsealed in hawaii accuses employees of a california-based company .  400 people were lured from thailand with promises of lucrative jobs , the indictment says .  they instead were coerced into providing `` cheap , compliant labor , '' it say .
 another test for john boehner - cnnpolitics.com <sec> house will vote tuesday on whether john boehner will serve a third term as speaker .  boehner is facing conservative opposition but is still expected to wi .
 renee zellweger 's face : why so much criticism ? <sec> renee zellweger 's appearance at an event led to non-stop talk about her face .  the actress issued a statement , calling all the attention `` silly '' .  women around the country were outraged at the ease with which she was criticized .  women are in a no-win situation when it comes to aging , many women sai .
 olympic badminton scandal claims china 's rising star <sec> career of one of china 's most promising badminton players ended amid olympic scandal .  yu yang announced she was quitting sport after badminton world federation disqualified her and seven others .  yu and her partner were ranked number one in world according to badminton world federation .  yu said federation `` mercilessly shattered our dreams .
 paul walker : hollywood left stunned by death <sec> actor paul walker died in a car crash saturday .  several in hollywood were stunned by the news .  stars took to social media to express their grie .
