 made in ghana : heel the world shoes put sparkle in your step <sec> fred deegbe is the co-founder of heel the world , a high-end shoe company in ghana .  the young entrepreneur wants to prove that quality shoes can be made in his country .  the company imports materials from abroad but makes the shoes by hand locally .  heel the world has also started making accessorie .
 perry 's immigration policy is different than gop rivals <sec> immigration issues separate gov . .  rick perry from his rivals .  he supports in-state tuition for the children of illegal immigrants .  his stance drew boos from the conservative tea party debate crowd .  latinos make up almost 40 percent of the population in texa .
 ebola patients buy survivors ' blood from black market <sec> the ebola outbreak in west africa has killed at least 2,400 people .  the who says it 's working with affected nations to eliminate the black market trade of blood .  convalescent serum is said to have antibodies that can fight the deadly virus .  though unproven , desperate patients are doing whatever it take .
 could mitt romney be america 's first hispanic president ? <sec> mitt romney told a crowd in new hampshire of his father 's mexican roots .  ruben navarrette says it 's fair to say romney could be first hispanic president .  yet he says romney wo n't get allegiance of latino voters because of immigration stance .  poll of latino voters shows president obama would have huge edge over romne .
 rivalries renewed : real and barca clash in 'el clasico ' <sec> real madrid and barcelona will contest `` el clasico '' at the bernabeu on saturday .  real currently lead barca by three points at the top of the spanish first division .  barca 's lionel messi and real 's cristiano ronaldo are two of the world 's best player .
 5 dead , including gunman , at nevada ihop <sec> in all , 11 people are shot .  of them , three national guard members and a civilian are killed .  witness : `` it was just a war zone down there '' .  the suspect died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound , authorities sa .
 race and politics in the age of obama <sec> former president carter says criticism of obama is largely based on race .  obama does n't believe criticism is based on color of his skin , spokesman says .  cnn contributor : carter should n't paint such broad strokes on racism .  gop strategist says all the racism controversy is `` absurd .
 bush condemns intimidation tactics in zimbabwe <sec> bush : continued use of government-sponsored violence deplorable .  opposition unable to campaign freely ahead of june 27 presidential runoff election .  police arrest student activist-turned-opposition politician arthur mutambara .  bush : mugabe 's government is failing on multiple level .
 swiss nationalists win record vote <sec> nationalists ride anti-immigrant wave in swiss elections to win record share .  switzerland to be ruled by coalition under system of consensus government .  swiss people 's party called for a law to throw out entire immigrant families .  greens , also in coaltion , make gains by appealing to environmental concern .
 at least 7 arrested after raids in 3 states <sec> federal authorities plan to unseal charges monday ; at least 7 arrest over weekend .  nongovernment source : those arrested part of self-proclaimed christian militia group .  the hutaree operate in michigan , indiana and ohio , source in another militia say .
 children among 10 killed in afghan rocket attacks <sec> the children are killed during a battle in kunduz province early monday .  taliban fighters fired a rocket-propelled grenade into a civilian house , authorities say .  a separate attack in herat province kills a district police chief and four other officer .
 death toll rises in philippines massacre <sec> new : burial looked hurried , local police chief superintendent says .  new : massacre was worst politically motivated violence in philippines ' recent history .  death toll from massacre rises to 46 , a day after the brutal attack .  mangudadatu says he had received threats if he filed the candidate papers himsel .
 mexico rallies to top u.s. and win high-scoring gold cup final <sec> new : mexico scores 4 straight goals to earn a 4-2 win over the united states .  mexico takes the gold cup , the top tournament for the region .  this is the 3rd straight time the u.s. and mexico have met in the gold cup fina .
 u.s. families feel sting of mexico 's drug violence <sec> marisella molinar , a secretary , was killed nearly a mile from her u.s. home .  husband : `` she was n't involved , she did n't have anything to do with this ! '' .  more than 1,600 deaths in juarez last year , 400 already this year .  cartels have killed cops , forced police chief to resign , threatened public official .
 premier league will oppose terracing <sec> the english premier league oppose a petition to bring back standing at matches .  the football supporters ' federation want to see terracing return to top flight games .  the 1989 hillsborough disaster resulted in all-seater stadia being made compulsor .
 seduction tips from famous enchanting woman <sec> scheherazade kept her head on her shoulders by keeping her king interested .  her 1001 stories seduced his mind and soul .  relying on physical seduction often leads to heartbreak than happiness .  expert : if women want to hear `` i do '' they need to say `` i do n't '' many time .
 gingrich dared to speak truth on teens ' work ethic <sec> newt gingrich said poor teens do n't see people working so do n't learn work habits .  we have lost our work ethic , navarrette says . .  not just poor kids : richer kids lack purpose .  navarrette : gingrich got in hot water talking about it , but it should not be a taboo subjec .
 43 years in china : jaime florcruz signs off <sec> jaime florcruz , cnn 's beijing bureau chief , has lived in china for four decades .  on his last day with cnn , he reflects on his `` ring side ticket '' to china 's rise .  the changes he 's witnessed have been mainly positive but problems remain .  florcruz : i see a nation of 1.3 billion seemingly rudderless , looking for direction and meaning in their live .
 robben brace ensures bayern maintain unbeaten run <sec> bayern munich extend unbeaten league run to 39 games with win over braunschweig .  bayer leverkusen bounce back from midweek drubbing with 3-0 win against nurnberg .  dortmund also win on saturday to stay third and seven points behind bayern .  arsenal beat cardiff in english premier league to stretch lead at top to seve .
 will falling gas prices help obama ? <sec> gas prices have dropped 23 cents per gallon since peaking in april .  it 's unclear whether the drop will undermine gop attacks against obama 's energy policy .  industry experts say politicians deserve little credit or blame for short-term price change .
 alleged white house shooter competent to stand trial , judge rules <sec> judge rules oscar ortega-hernandez is mentally competent .  he will appear in court monday for a preliminary hearing .  he is accused of firing a rifle at the white house in november .  he faces charges of trying to assassinate president obam .
 fort hood gunman vented on fb about adam lanza and other subjects <sec> spc . .  ivan lopez , before fort hood attack : `` my spiritual peace has just gone '' .  lopez received treatment for depression , anxiety .  he killed 3 , wounded 16 before taking his own life .  `` it is stupid to me that anyone can have easy access to a powerful weapon without being mentally evaluated .
 'soul train ' legend remembered as 'pioneer ' <sec> many express their grief on twitter .  holly robinson peete says cornelius was a friend , and she will miss him .  chaka khan says cornelius was like famil .
 11 dead in fresh muslim-christian violence in nigeria <sec> muslim herdsmen attacked predominantly christian village near the city of jos .  attacks followed the massacre earlier this month of roughly 200 people near jos .  thousands of people in plateau state have been killed in the last decade .  many say violence fueled by ethnic , social , and economic problems rather than religio .
 fiery and emotional at freddie gray 's funeral <sec> eric garner 's family and other members of families united for justice will attend gray 's funeral .  gray was arrested april 12 and died a week later from a severe spinal cord injury .  three white house officials will also attend gray 's funera .
 justice department enters passport breach probe <sec> justice prosecutors aid state department in passport breach investigation .  state department contractors accessed files of sens . .  obama , clinton and mccain .  attorney general had said he would n't join the investigation unless aske .
 10 airport restaurants that taste like home <sec> get the atlanta airport 's finest chili-cheese dog and a fried peach pie .  look no further than the new orleans airport for leah chase 's creole cooking .  land in memphis and you can get some fine local barbeque within the airport wall .
 sailing group : americans had split off on their own in indian ocean <sec> the owners of a yacht taken by pirates on february 18 had been traveling with other boats .  the couple stopped traveling with the sailing group three days before they were seized .  two other americans were traveling with them , the sailing group say .
 british airways worker guilty of al qaeda-linked terror plot <sec> rajib karim gave information to radical cleric anwar al-awlaki , a court finds .  al-awlaki was seeking to blow up a plane in the united states , decrypted e-mails show .  karim admitted to other terror-related charges .  he will be sentenced march 1 .
 peanut exec found guilty in deadly salmonella outbreak <sec> the government accused stewart parnell of knowingly marketing tainted food .  he and his brother were found guilty friday on federal conspiracy charges .  a deadly salmonella outbreak was traced to peanut butter made by parnell 's company .  parnell 's indictment became a landmark case in food safety in americ .
 liverpool wait on torres injury verdict <sec> liverpool wait to find out extent of injury to star striker fernando torres .  torres suffered injury to left adductor in closing stages of spain 's win over the netherlands .  manchester united depart for u.s. tour without rooney , neville , owen , carric .
 jordan graham , accused of pushing husband off cliff , pleads not guilty <sec> new : jordan linn graham pleads not guilty to murder , making false statements .  new : she remains released , and her next court date is set for later this month .  the couple had been married for a little over a week when cody johnson fell to his death .  police : graham says she pushed johnson in the back as they argued while hikin .
 clijsters warms to australian open but cool on another comeback <sec> former world no . .  1 tells cnn 's open court she misses not going to melbourne .  mother of two retired from tennis for a second time in 2012 .  clijsters resumed career in 2009 after originally retiring in 2007 .  belgian won a total of four grand slam titles -- the last in melbourne in 201 .
 u.s. is world 's top user of targeted killings , u.n. says <sec> new : a u.s. official insisted the united states is not violating international law .  cia contends that there is accountability for its drone strikes .  u.s. drone strikes have increased sharply under obama -- 39 this year in pakistan .  u.n. report says u.s. as world 's top user of targeted killings due reliance on drone attack .
 forlan named world cup 's best player <sec> uruguay 's diego forlan wins golden ball award for world cup 's best player .  forlan scores five goals as uruguay reach semifinals for first time in 40 years .  germany 's thomas muller wins golden boot award for five goals and three assists .  spain take fifa fair play prize and iker casillas named best goalkeepe .
 weight loss success : learn how she lost 145 pounds <sec> kari ianuale lost 145 pounds in three years .  she began exercising at home and cutting portions .  as her diet and exercise intensified , she shed more pound .
 ex-massachusetts chemist annie dookhan may plead guilty , source says <sec> annie dookhan , accused of mishandling drug evidence , asked about possible sentences .  dookhan , 34 , has pleaded not guilty to 27 counts including obstruction of justice , lying .  ex-chemist would likely get 3 to 5 years with guilty plea , a judge says after a hearin .
 exhaustion and delight for australian released in philippines <sec> warren rodwell was taken hostage in december 2011 .  he was released early saturday , coming ashore in a philippine port .  his captors were believed to be the islamic militant group abu sayyaf .  his family express relief after `` a very difficult time .
 al-assad touts plan for resolution , says enemies of syria 'will go to hell ' <sec> u.s. state department spokeswoman : bashar al-assad has lost all legitimacy .  the syrian president lays out a plan for reconciliation , but says he wo n't work with `` terrorists '' .  al-assad has been `` rejected by his people and his traditional allies , '' says the oppositio .
 in their words : drivers stranded for over 12 hours tell their stories <sec> more than 25,000 people join a facebook group to connect the stranded in metro atlanta .  mom on road for 12 hours before she and son find refuge with family .  some report relatives missing after night on the roa .
 commentary : rep 's wife says she keeps a sense of humor <sec> rep. chaffetz 's wife , julie , is raising three children ; writes `` perspective is everything '' .  `` planning is crucial . '' .  julie used to go with the flow , but `` now , time is precious '' .  julie chaffetz says support from family and close friends keeps her going .  says being flexible important as plans change or the need to travel comes u .
 trial gets under way for rutgers student accused of bullying <sec> new : `` these acts were purposeful , '' says a prosecutor .  dharun ravi , 19 , faces a 15-count indictment that includes hate crime charges .  jury will decide whether the alleged bullying was borne of a gay prejudice .  tyler clementi flung himself off the george washington bridge just days after the inciden .
 los angeles times , new york times top 2011 pulitzer winners <sec> the papers snag two awards each .  a prize is not given in the breaking news reporting category .  jennifer egan 's `` a visit from the goon squad '' wins for fictio .
 climate change : u.n. summary of latest science coming friday <sec> the intergovernmental panel on climate change released a report every five or six years .  a draft that leaked in august said there is more certainty that humans are playing a role .  the report will lay out projections for climate change through the end of the century .  the first section of the report is aimed at assisting policymaker .
 airbnb apologizes : 'we have really screwed things up ' <sec> airbnb connects people who have space to rent with those looking for a place to stay .  blogger says that her apartment was ransacked by a renter .  airbnb announces property protection guarantee , other security measures .  incidents have some wondering whether it 's safe to book and rent out through the agenc .
 malinga makes hat-trick history as sri lanka crush kenya <sec> lasith malinga takes a hat-trick against kenya at cricket world cup .  malinga is the first bowler in history to take two world cup hat-tricks .  sri lanka crush kenya after bowling opponents out for 142 .  hosts reach their target in 18 over to win by nine wicket .
 end of the 9-5 ? <sec> a growing number of experienced professionals are looking for an alternative to the 9-5 work schedule .  business talent group , founded by jody miller , seeks to help workers who are after a project-based career .  sourcing projects in industries such as healthcare , media and manufacturing , business talent group look to revolutionize working lif .
 madonna responds to leak by releasing songs <sec> demos from madonna 's newest album were leaked online .  madonna responded by officially releasing six songs on itunes .  the singer has been plagued by leaks in the pas .
 man exonerated , freed from prison after 35 years <sec> `` you are a free man . .  congratulations , '' judge tells james bain .  bain imprisoned for 35 years in abduction and rape of a 9-year-old florida boy .  dna testing excluded bain from crime , authorities say .  his case was reopened after his fifth request to use dna evidenc .
 in iran protest , online world is watching , acting <sec> experts on iran : online world is watching , acting .  foreign activists have been key in helping iran 's dissidents spread word .  future impact of `` civilian diplomacy '' online is unknown , expert says .  despite its power , no sure thing internet will bring change in ira .
 down many flights of stairs , national guard evacuates patients from hospital <sec> new : `` we 've never seen anything like this , '' a hospital official says .  national guard troops carried patients out of the hospital , he says .  after the storm , troops formed a `` bucket brigade '' to carry fuel to generators .  the hospital is near another hospital forced to evacuate patients after the stor .
 iran appoints first woman minister and a terrorist suspect <sec> islamic republic appoints its first ever woman minister marzieh-vahid dastjerdi .  lawmakers also approve nomination of ahmad vahidi for its defense minister post .  vahidi , a former leader of the iranian revolutionary guard is a suspected terroris .
 witnessing haiyan 's devastation : 'filipino spirit is alive among us ' <sec> an expat filipino , armie jarin-bennett returned to her native land after typhoon haiyan .  `` to deal with this difficult assignment in my own backyard , i had to shut down . '' .  she was struck by the resilience of her countrymen despite the challenges .  many chose not to heed warnings to evacuate , thinking the storm would not be as sever .
 kentucky officer gunned down for no obvious reason ; chief vows revenge <sec> new : `` he just wanted to do his job , '' ellis ' widow says .  bardstown officer jason ellis was gunned down while coming home from work .  state police : ellis was trying to remove debris from the road when he was ambushed .  it 's unclear whether ellis specifically was targeted or if the shooting was rando .
 governments look for ways to avoid using 't-word ' <sec> penalty , fee or tax , its all money to the government .  taxes are all about messaging , political experts say .  it can be easier to sell revenue-raisers as penalties or fees than as taxes .  americans distrust politicians to handle their tax dollars wisely more than they did in 198 .
 police : contractor kills self at olivia newton-john 's home <sec> new : a contractor committed suicide on her property , police say .  new : `` olivia and her husband john are in shock , '' her publicist says .  olivia newton-john and her husband were not at the property at the time .  public records indicate a sale is pending on the palm beach county hom .
 disney actor lee thompson young dead of apparent suicide <sec> new : `` lee thompson young tragically took his own life this morning , '' his manager says .  young , 29 , is best known for the leading role on disney 's `` the famous jett jackson '' .  young 's body was found in his home at 8 a.m. monday , a los angeles police spokesman say .
 easy riders : liberia 's soldiers turned taxi bikers <sec> liberia is celebrating 10 years since end of civil war .  many former soldiers finding work driving motorcycle taxis .  there are an estimated 500,000 drivers across the countr .
 missing body parts of famous people <sec> out of curiosity , war or science , body parts kept from final grave .  napoleon 's penis allegedly in hands of u.s. doctor .  saint francis xavier 's hands spread from asia to europe .  gen. stonewall jackson 's body buried in two virginia town .
 cyndi lauper and her hero fight for gay rights <sec> lauper and cathy nelson campaigned together for gay and lesbian rights .  nelson helped the human rights campaign go from 12,000 members to 725,000 .  lauper and nelson lobbied to expand federal hate crimes law .
 condemnation of egypt protest response mounts <sec> new : morsy supporters peaceably leave mosque where bodies were being held .  health ministry : at least 580 killed , over 4,000 injured wednesday in clashes .  nations condemn crackdown ; egypt official defends it , says troops did n't cause many deaths .  muslim brotherhood touts `` friday of anger '' protests in cair .
 no answers yet in lisa robin kelly 's sudden death <sec> the autopsy on kelly was completed saturday .  `` addiction problems '' plagued kelly `` these past few years , '' agent says .  kelly died late wednesday in a los angeles area treatment facility .  kelly played laurie forman on `` that '70s show .
 transit systems struggling to restart <sec> new : amtrak has no estimate for when trains to and from penn station will be back up .  some new york city area airports set to offer limited service wednesday .  the new york city transit system sustains devastating damage .  more than 19,500 flights have been canceled , a flight tracking site say .
 carroll fires liverpool into fa cup final at expense of merseyside rivals <sec> andy carroll defies critics with match-winning header at wembley in fa cup semifinal against everton .  liverpool reach second final of english domestic season after winning league cup in february .  carlos tevez scores a hat-trick as manchester city thrash norwich city 6-1 .  title rivals manchester united at home to aston villa on sunda .
