 opinion : obama was right to shake hands with raul castro <sec> president obama shook hands with cuban leader raul castro at mandela 's memorial .  paul begala : like reagan shaking gorbachev 's hands , obama 's act makes sense .  he says even a simple handshake can be potent and transformative .  begala : it sends out a ripple of hope from the right side of histor .
 four found guilty in landmark pirate bay case <sec> four men sentenced to a year , fined $ 3.6m in sweden over file-sharing web site .  prosecutors said the pirate bay lets users download copyrighted material .  site allows users to exchange movies , music , games , but does not host the files .  supporters said the pirate bay does n't put copyrighted material on web sit .
 2 killed in blast targeting pakistani polio workers <sec> pakistan is one of three countries in the world where polio has yet to be eradicated .  many pakistanis view polio vaccination campaigns with suspicio .
 a weighty issue : hidden world of jockey heaving bowls <sec> the stereotypical image of sportsmen is of bulging six-packs -- except jockeys .  horse riders are put under enormous pressure to meet racing weights .  drastic methods include vomiting in `` heaving bowls , '' found at u.s. race tracks .  teeth fall out due to constant vomiting , some to the point of needing denture .
 kim jong un had ankle surgery , south korea says <sec> south korean lawmakers were briefed by intelligence sources .  kim jong un had surgery done by `` european experts , '' lawmaker said .  there is a possibility a cyst could recur because of obesity and health conditions .  kim jong un reappeared in photos on october 14 after about six week .
 counterclaims over shots fired near u.s.-mexico border <sec> new : a mexican official says he does n't think mexican helicopters crossed into the u.s . .  new : mexican authorities did n't fire any shots , but `` criminals '' were shooting , he adds .  a u.s. official had said a mexican helicopter crossed about 100 yards into arizona .  two shots were fired near u.s. border agents , but no one was hurt , the official add .
 real held in champions league blockbuster <sec> real madrid held to a 1-1 draw by manchester united in the first leg of its last-16 tie .  cristiano ronaldo scored against his former club after danny welbeck had put united in front .  borussia dortmund recorded a 2-2 draw at shakhtar donetsk .  german side came from behind on two occasions to claim crucial away goal .
 diving into coldest water on earth <sec> swimmer lewis pugh uses extreme adventures to dramatize environmental perils .  swimming in the arctic helped demonstrate impact of climate change , he says .  pugh says mental toughness is the key to completing great challenges .  once you start giving up , failure can become a habit , he say .
 the hajj : thinner crowds and lots of rain <sec> huge downpours flood tents in mina .  ministry says there are 40 percent fewer saudi pilgrims this year .  with fewer visitors , merchants report less business .  no incidents reported among pilgrim .
 christchurch 's quake-hit cathedral to come down <sec> church officials say quake-damaged cathedral will be demolished .  walls to be reduced to three metres and the base kept as a prayer garden .  the anglican church says the cost to rebuild the structure is 'staggering ' .  the cathedral had survived five other quakes in its 131-year histor .
 nfl player arrested on federal drug charges <sec> chicago bears wide receiver samuel hurd arrested .  officials accuse him of trying to set up a drug distribution network .  he accepted a kilo of cocaine from undercover agent , they sa .
 singer leona lewis attacked at bookstore , label says <sec> british singer was signing copies of her book at london store .  a man is accused of punching her , police say .  lewis won britain 's `` x factor '' show in 2006 ; her new album is out next mont .
 fancy an ejection seat ? meet the men turning old planes into art <sec> men at motoart search boneyards for old plane parts to recycle into furniture .  they use b-25 rudders for desks , 747 jet engine cowlings for beds .  motoart prides itself on preserving aviation history with functional ar .
 cnn student news - october 24 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call . .  the weekly newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the new .
 5 reasons bathurst may be south africa 's most eccentric town <sec> bathurst is a creative community of artists , musicians and academics .  the town 's quirky venues include a giant pineapple building and an agricultural museum .  pig and whistle is south africa 's oldest pu .
 man killed at seattle bar hosting celebrating seahawks , fans <sec> police : altercations preceded a shooting at a popular seattle-area bar .  cnn affiliate king reports that several nfl players were in the bar at the time .  detectives are still interviewing witnesses to develop leads on suspects .  reality star tweets that she saw body on the floor and a lot of bloo .
 more than 11,000 syrian children killed in civil war , report says <sec> the report says 112 children were tortured , then executed .  many kids were gunned down by snipers , but most were killed in explosions .  london-based study authors call for sides to stop using bombs in areas with children .  u.n. says 100,000 killed in the country , millions of refugee .
 opinion : what do pope 's remarks on gays mean ? <sec> kevin clarke : pope francis ' remarks about gays are n't a new position on homosexuality .  clarke : his talking frankly was startling , but calling for compassion for gays is not new .  clarke : the church may change its tone and approach to gay and lesbian catholics , however .  but pope 's call in rio for action on social injustice and poverty was equally important , he say .
 brandt snedeker targets return to form in fedex cup after bone disease <sec> golfer brandt snedeker reveals a bone disease has been affecting his form .  the american has brittle ribs but says new medication is helping him focus on golf .  snedeker is the fedex cup champion but says defending the title will be tough .  the fedex cup playoffs begin at liberty national in new jersey this wee .
 principal reports high schoolers ' 'fantasy slut league ' <sec> principal of piedmont high tells parents of boys ' `` fantasy slut league '' .  girls were unwittingly drafted into the league , the principal says in a letter .  the school is investigating the boys ' activitie .
 e3 2012 : 5 mobile games to watch for <sec> e3 is becoming a prime stage for game publishers to showcase new mobile titles .  here are five games worth checking out when they hit mobile devices later this yea .
 mother blames nicolas cage for son 's troubles <sec> christina fulton to seek conservatorship for 20-year-old son with nicolas cage .  weston cage is on a psychiatric hold after a violent hollywood incident .  `` i do n't want to have anything to do with my mother , '' weston cage tells cnn .  `` weston would say whatever his dad wants him to say , '' his mother say .
 prince andrew denies tie to sex ring <sec> billionaire jeffrey epstein pleaded guilty to two state felonies related to prostitution .  four women say they were victims in sex abuse ring ; claim the plea violates their rights .  1 says epstein forced her to have sex with prince andrew ; the palace refutes that clai .
 kenyan presidential contender 's camp says vote 'doctored ' <sec> running mate of raila odinga says transmission system a failure .  a day before , election officials said the new electronic voting system broke down .  kenyans held a general election monda .
 actress joanna lumley slams gurkha conditions <sec> british government unveils moves to let more former gurkha troops live in the uk .  gurkhas are part of british armed forces made up of nepalese fighters .  campaigners say qualifying criteria mean most will not be able to settle in uk .  first gurkha units formed in 1815 and they fought in every campaign sinc .
 french president francois hollande to skip sochi olympics <sec> hollande has no plans to go to the winter olympics in russia , foreign minister says .  the move comes on the heels of german president joachim gauck 's similar choice .  russia has been criticized for human rights abuses and discriminatio .
 netanyahu : iran must recognize israel 's right to exist <sec> israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu slams nuclear framework deal with iran .  he says it would legitimize iran 's nuclear program and bolster its econom .
 one year later , iran protesters fight on <sec> hamid dabashi says young people continue the fight for freedom in iran .  he says green movement is marks its anniversary as it survives repression by regime .  green movement embodies ideals of freedom from american revolution .  he says u.s. policy in region is n't living up to america 's own ideal .
 galifianakis annoys brad pitt on 'between two ferns ' <sec> brad pitt is latest guest on comic web series `` between two ferns '' .  host zach galifianakis asks him several insulting questions .  pitt did get a gift -- an , er .. `` bassoon '' .  galifianakis ' last guest was barack obam .
 nwankwo kanu : supporting football with strong foundations <sec> nigerian footballer is european cup and english premier league winner .  age 19 , told he could never play football again after hole was found in his heart .  a unicef ambassador has also set up two charitable foundation .
 daryl hannah arrested at white house protest <sec> a sit-in was held in front of the white house on tuesday .  hannah was among demonstrators protesting plans for an oil pipeline expansion .  the state department is expected to rule on the issue by the end of the yea .
 wind-powered craft aims to smash ice speed record <sec> greenbird , driven by richard jenkins , claims the land sailing speed record .  the land yacht reaches 202 km/hour ( 126.1 miles/hour ) on a dry lake in california .  makers describe craft as `` part airplane , part sailboat and part formula one car '' .  jenkins is now aiming to better the speed in montana in his ice-sailing craf .
 sundance stars encouraged to regift <sec> gifting suites at sundance allow stars to pick up free products .  celebs encouraged to regift swag to benefit victims of superstorm sandy .  rally.org partnered with jon bon jovi 's soul foundation for a regifting suit .
 father in toxic truck case charged with attempted murder of son <sec> new : jorge barahona is charged with attempted murder ; home is being searched .  barahona `` attempted to harm himself '' thursday morning , police say .  he `` refused to cooperate '' by not speaking , which postponed his hearing .  cause of daughter 's death has been determined but not made publi .
 will united nations do anything about north korea ? <sec> u.n. general assembly committee considers resolution on north korean human rights .  security council has the power to refer to the international criminal court .  china does not support referring north korea to the icc for human rights abuses .  follows allegations of widespread abuses inside the isolated countr .
 e. coli death toll rises to 31 ; sprouts traced to trash in home <sec> new : contaminated sprouts found in west german home .  new : bacteria found in produce for the first time .  four more deaths bring total to 31 .  2988 people are infected , 759 have a severe form of the illnes .
 israel eyes lebanon after drone downed <sec> `` we know it originated in lebanon , '' an israeli security analyst says .  israel is investigating the craft 's origin and has n't pointed any fingers yet .  the drone was shot down over israel 's negev desert on saturday .  the craft was several dozen miles from the top-secret dimona nuclear plan .
 justice department wo n't probe death of georgia teen found in gym mat <sec> kendrick johnson , 17 , was found dead in a rolled-up gym mat at his georgia high school .  authorities ruled his death accidental , said he did n't have `` significant injuries '' before dying .  the family questioned the ruling , ordering an autopsy that found `` non-accidental ... trauma '' .  u.s. justice department does n't find `` sufficient indication of a civil rights violation .
 how to look good on the go <sec> apply a couple of drops of visine on a pimple for a few seconds to quickly cut redness .  extend the life of eyeshadow by dusting translucent powder over your lids first .  add a swipe of eyeliner across your upper lashes to define and perk up tired eye .
 mers : 5 things to know <sec> mers has shown limited human-to-human transmission .  it 's in the same family as sars and the common cold .  there is no treatment and no vaccin .
 fukushima 's exclusion zone a ghost town <sec> tomioka was once home to 52,000 people .  it sits in the southern section of the exclusion zone .  except for the livestock roaming the region , there are no people .  surface radiation meter climbs near entryway to exclusion zon .
 manchester united great scholes retires <sec> paul scholes announces his immediate retirement for football .  scholes played 676 times for manchester united and won 66 england caps .  midfield star will join the coaching staff at epl champions united .  his final game came as a substitute in 3-1 champions league final loss to barcelon .
 jimmy ellis , 'disco inferno ' singer , dies at 74 <sec> `` disco inferno '' appeared on the `` saturday night fever '' soundtrack .  the song won a grammy for the trammps .  singer jimmy ellis was 7 .
 zimmerman apologizes as judge sets $ 150,000 bond <sec> investigator says authorities do n't know who started fight that led to death .  defendant 's father says his son 's face was swollen and had gashes the next day .  attorneys for trayvon martin 's family call apology `` disingenuous '' .  george zimmerman tells the teen 's family he is sorry for what happene .
 mom killed when son grabs gun from her purse in walmart <sec> mom was shopping with several of her children at walmart , police say .  they were doing some post-holiday shopping in electronics department .  `` this is a pretty tragic incident right now that we 're dealing with , '' police rep say .
 da vinci 's lost masterpiece may be found <sec> researchers think they 've found leonardo 's `` the battle of anghiari '' .  pigment found on a hidden wall match `` mona lisa '' paint , they say .  the mayor of florence wants the italian government to approve more study .  the wall is in the hall of the 500 of the palazzo vecchio , the seat of florence governmen .
 senate passes sweeping immigration bill - cnnpolitics.com <sec> president obama says `` we just need congress to finish the job '' .  the 68-32 senate vote sends the measure to the house for consideration .  speaker boehner says the house will stick to its own version of immigration reform .  the senate bill offers a path to citizenship for millions of undocumented immigrant .
 can cease-fire between israel and hamas result in real change ? <sec> marco vicenzino says gaza conflict marks a clear wake-up call to both sides .  vicenzino : the regional status quo is simply unsustainable in the long term .  vicenzino : best outcome for israeli prime minister netanyahu was cease-fire .  vicenzino : egypt 's morsy must prove able to restrain hamas when necessar .
 liberia warns ebola situation 'remains grave ' <sec> president ellen johnson sirleaf warns liberia 's health system is under stress .  stay-at-home order for all nonessential government workers extended .  quarantine on liberian township lifted on advice of health agency and others .  johnson sirleaf wants bigger response from international communit .
 renowned cnn sports broadcaster nick charles dies at 64 <sec> charles began at cnn on the network 's first day , june 1 , 1980 .  charles appeared on a bubble gum card , a rarity for a television personality .  he covered everything from the olympics to the super bowl to the kentucky derb .
 nypd releases video of lohan incident but questions remain <sec> the brief video does not make it clear whether an accident occurred .  a police statement with the video does not directly state a pedestrian was hit .  the statement does say the alleged victim remained standing and walking .  lohan is due in court on october 23 on a charge of leaving the scene of an acciden .
 regina benjamin stepping down as surgeon general <sec> sebelius says benjamin should be proud of her achievements .  before her nomination , she served as ceo of an alabama health clinic .  she has been in the post for four year .
 15 ways drones will change your life <sec> though drones have incredible commercial potential , most countries restrict its use .  the u.s. is expected to open up drones for commercial use by 2015 .  auvsi estimates the u.s. loses $ 10 billion yearly by delaying drone integration .  though drones bring up privacy concerns , some argue it could advance privacy la .
 peaches geldof dead at 25 : tributes pour in <sec> police investigate death of model and tv personality peaches geldof .  she was daughter of live aid organizer bob geldof and tv presenter paula yates .  she was `` the wildest , funniest , cleverest , wittiest and the most bonkers of all of us , '' father says .  model and tv presenter geldof was married and had two son .
 detained journalist 'will enjoy all his rights , ' egyptian leader says <sec> in a letter , egypt 's interim president reassures mohamed fahmy 's family .  the jailed al jazeera journalist has mri , ct scans of his injured shoulder at a civilian hospital .  fahmy , baher mohamed , peter greste accused of spreading false news , having terrorist ties .  their trial is set to resume on march 3 .
 u.n. : world can 'thrive ' as population reaches 7 billion <sec> new : world population could surpass 15 billion by the end of the century , the u.n. says .  in 1927 , the world 's population was 2 billion .  people under age 25 make up 43 % of the current population .  africa 's population is expected to more than triple this centur .
 brief history of men 's underwear <sec> for thousands of years , men 's underwear consisted of loin cloths .  codpieces allowed men `` convenience '' while wearing braies .  henry viii began to pad his codpiece in the 16th century .  boxers jumped into the spotlight when their design came under fir .
 fourth baby dies after romania hospital fire <sec> a fourth baby dies from monday 's fire at a bucharest hospital .  another seven are being treated for injuries .  preliminary conclusions show the fire started in a cable behind a wooden closet .  pictures show a blackened hospital room and a burned incubato .
 paleo diet ranks last on 'best diets ' list <sec> for the fourth year in a row , the dash diet eating plan is ranked no . .  1 .  the dash diet plan was developed by the national institutes of health .  rankings are based on safety , effective weight loss , heart health , diabetes prevention .  the paleo diet was the most searched on google in 201 .
 'partridge family ' actress suzanne crough dead at 52 <sec> suzanne crough was the youngest member of tv 's `` partridge family '' .  crough died monday at 52 in nevad .
 grace steps up race to dubai bid with st andrews win <sec> branden grace wins dunhill links championship .  final round 70 at st andrews give south african two-shot win .  fourth european tour title of season for grace .  thorbjorn olesen of denmark pushes him all the wa .
 indonesian military stops search for airasia qz8501 <sec> indonesia 's search agency says it will have 60 divers and 7 boats .  the military chief orders his teams to pull out of the wreckage area .  investigators are reportedly looking at whether on-board computers played role in cras .
 abidal pounces late as barcelona edge 'el clasico ' over real madrid <sec> barcelona beat real madrid 2-1 in their spanish cup quarterfinal first leg tie .  french defender strikes 13 minutes from time as holders suffer defeat at home stadium .  cristiano ronaldo had given real the lead before carles puyol equalized .  milan beat novara to progress into the quarterfinals of the italian cu .
 shipping company says seized weapons in nigeria came from iran <sec> cma cgm says the containers came from a port in southern iran .  the shipper declared they contained glass wool and stone .  nigeria 's security service seized 13 containers filled with illegal weapons earlier this week .  the seizure comes in the run-up to nigeria 's 2011 election .
