 at least 2 dead in kentucky flooding <sec> new : two people are confirmed dead .  rains saturday result in flash flooding in pike county , kentucky .  rescue crews worked throughout the night to rescue people from homes .  the raccoon creek area was the hardest hi .
 warning shot kills iraqi girl , coalition says <sec> shots were fired at vehicle that accelerated toward hurriya police station .  12-year-old was standing behind car and was hit by one round .  she died while being transported to the hospita .
 animal kingdom comes from behind to win kentucky derby <sec> animal kingdom , jockeyed by john velazquez , entered with 20-1 odds .  the jockey was supposed to ride favorite uncle mo , until that horse dropped out .  a record 164,858 spectators attended saturday 's race in louisville .  the derby is the first leg of horse racing 's triple crow .
 world cup : brazil defeats chile on penalties <sec> brazil defeats chile 3-2 on penalties .  game had finished at 1-1 after 120 minutes .  david luiz goal had given brazil advantage .  alexis sanchez equalized for chil .
 lance armstrong 's demise : how an all-american hero fell to earth <sec> lance armstrong stripped of his seven tour de france titles by cycling 's ruling body .  american accused of systematic drug use by united states anti-doping agency .  eleven of the texan 's former teammates testified against him in usada report .  armstrong has stepped down as chairman of the livestrong foundatio .
 cnn student news - may 22 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 five questions : targeting americans on u.s. soil <sec> what is the administration 's argument for targeting u.s. citizens on u.s. soil ? .  there is no drone law , or precedent , cnn legal analyst says .  debate has united strange bedfellows -- democrats , republicans , acl .
 tech check : the talking cars of the future , google privacy <sec> tech check is cnn.com 's weekly technology podcast .  this week doug gross , john sutter and stephanie goldberg discuss car technology .  google privacy is the topic of our reader comments of the wee .
 sport and menstruation : periods stop play ? <sec> british player heather watson loses match due to 'girl things ' .  sparks global debate about whether menstruation is sport 's 'last taboo ' .  openness applauded by some , others concerned it could damage equalit .
 student 's apparent suicide linked to webcast of sexual encounter <sec> rutgers student tyler clementi committed suicide last week , his family says .  two other students are charged with broadcasting clementi in a sexual encounter .  the president of rutgers says , `` we do n't have all the facts in this case '' .  if true , the actions `` gravely violate the university 's standards of decency and humanity .
 two country singers come out as gay -- herndon , gilman <sec> herndon broke the news first with interviews with `` people '' and `` et '' .  that inspired gilman , but an encounter with a reporter also gave him a push .  gilman fears nashville is giving him the cold shoulder over his sexual orientation .  herndon is also worried , but thinks things are changing for the better in the scen .
 defeating isis might take more than might <sec> syrian opposition forces are fighting a two-front war .  they are caught between isis and syrian government troops .  the u.s. has pledged to provide weapons and military training to moderate opposition force .
 woman 's death prompts abortion debate in ireland <sec> savita halappanavar , who was 17 weeks pregnant , went into a hospital complaining of back pain .  doctors said she was having a miscarriage that would end in a matter of hours , report says .  halappanavar 's husband sought an abortion to end the pain , but doctors refused , citing law .  her death led to protests , and top irish lawmakers are discussing a change to the la .
 backers hope to revive violence against women act <sec> efforts to renew the 1994 violence against women act failed to survive the last congress .  supporters say the law sharply cut the number of domestic violence deaths .  senate wanted to extend protections for native americans , gays and lesbians .  house bill did n't contain those provisions , which activists say are necessar .
 greece : robbers raid olympia museum , steal artifacts <sec> new : culture minister pavlos geroulanos is traveling to olympia to see the robbery scene .  new : three art works , including a picasso , were stolen from an athens gallery last month .  the robbers took dozens of small statues and a gold ring from olympia , police say .  the archaeological museum of olympia is located at the birthplace of the olympic game .
 uk lawmakers approve same-sex marriage in first vote <sec> british mps vote in favor of the bill , 400-175 .  to become law , it has to clear more hurdles , including a vote in the house of lords .  prime minister david cameron faces revolt within his own conservative party on the issu .
 cnn student news - august 30 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum 's newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 tomas aftermath raises concern over worsening cholera outbreak <sec> new : two more port-au-prince cases confirmed .  the official death toll from cholera in haiti is 583 .  more than 9,000 cases have been confirmed .  as many as 73 people have come down with cholera in port-au-princ .
 sammy hagar remembers ronnie montrose <sec> sammy hagar : ronnie montrose gave me my first break as a songwriter , as a front man .  hagar : [ i would like montrose to be remembered ] as one of the pioneers of american heavy/hard rock .  haragr : but he was more than that -- he was really versatil .
 u.s. helicopter shot down in afghanistan <sec> a u.s. uh-60 helicopter has been shot down in afghanistan .  none of the 10 soldiers on board were killed , u.s. official says .  a suicide bomber has killed a u.s. soldier and child in northern afghanista .
 cnn student news - may 30 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum 's newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 barcelona hold on to knock 10-man real madrid out of spanish cup <sec> barcelona beat real madrid 4-3 on aggregate to knock holders out of spanish cup .  real fight back from 2-0 down in second leg but 2-2 draw not enough .  liverpool beat manchester city 3-2 on aggregate to reach english league cup final .  napoli knock holders internazionale out of the italian cup with a 2-0 victor .
 human error blamed in gas explosion at strip club <sec> a utility worker inadvertently poked a hole in a gas line in springfield , massachusetts .  fire marshal : markings on the sidewalk incorrectly indicated where the line was .  at least 21 people were injured in the blast , including firefighter .
 aborted landing of first lady 's plane under investigation <sec> faa increases supervision of flights carrying the vice president , first lady .  the national transportation safety board also will investigate .  a plane carrying the first lady got too close to a military c-17 .  the faa says the aircraft were never in any dange .
 nsa : we read .00004 % of web traffic <sec> nsa says it looks at tiny fraction of web traffic .  security agency released rare document on policies friday .  says it `` touches '' 1.6 % of web traffic , reads .00004 .
 world cup 2022 : uefa backs plan for switch to qatar winter <sec> uefa backs plan to move 2022 qatar world cup to winter .  fifa will hold vote next month in zurich to decide on outcome .  uefa president michel platini has suggested a january or february time frame .  australia wants compensation for switch from winter to summe .
 'five easy pieces ' actress karen black loses cancer fight <sec> `` she was a stellar person in every area of her life , '' he agent says .  black took her fight to overcome cancer to a crowd-funding website .  her `` health continued to deteriorate at an alarming pace '' recently , her husband says .  black was nominated for oscar for her role in the 1970 film `` five easy pieces .
 3 americans fighting alongside kurds in syria against isis , official says <sec> official : jordan matson is one of three americans fighting with kurdish force in syria .  matson is fighting near the town of jazaa in northeastern syria , the official says .  he was wounded in fighting , but is fine , says the ypg spokesman .  the u.s. state department says it is aware of the report .
 lionel messi 'agrees ' new barcelona contract <sec> argentine striker lionel messi agrees a new contract at fc barcelona .  spanish club announce `` an agreement to adjust the terms in the contract '' .  new deal will be signed in the next few days say the spanish champions .  barca face title decider against atletico madrid on saturda .
 ebola air ? inside the plane that flies ebola patients <sec> georgia company equips plane to transport ebola patients .  design was developed when sars , swine and bird flu were generating concer .
 vettel looking forward to making his mark in shanghai <sec> sebastian vettel is looking to make it three wins in a row in china this weekend .  vettel said he likes the shanghai circuit despite finishing only sixth last year .  2010 winner jenson button believes mclaren can push red bull all the way in chin .
 anna tsuchiya : kamikaze girl <sec> anna tsuchiya is one of japan 's most recognizable actresses and singers .  born and raised in tokyo by japanese mother and polish-american father .  started as a model and moved into acting before launching musical caree .
 appeals court to hear motions on proposition 8 <sec> a judge ruled the law unconstitutional and later revealed he was gay .  proposition 8 recognizes marriages only between one man and one woman .  the case is expected to end up in the u.s. supreme court , both sides sa .
 australian billionaire to build titanic replica <sec> an australian mining magnate plans to build a replica of the titanic .  construction is to begin next year in a chinese shipyard .  he says the ship will be every bit as luxurious as the original .  the titanic sank in 1912 on its maiden voyage , leaving more than 1,500 dea .
 obama wants rangel to end career with dignity <sec> obama said he hopes that u.s. rep. charlie rangel can end his career with dignity .  the president calls the allegations `` very troubling . '' .  ethics subcommittee has recommended rangel be reprimande .
 armitage says he was 'foolish ' to leak cia agent 's name <sec> richard armitage says he had `` no ill intent '' when he revealed cia agent 's name .  armitage revealed valerie plame 's identity to columnist robert novak .  former state department official says he did n't know plame was covert agent .  plame 's husband -- joseph wilson -- was critical of bush administration 's iraq polic .
 the last kings of africa <sec> photographer alfred weidinger is traveling across africa to capture the continent 's last remaining monarchs .  he has photographed 220 tribal kings and chiefs since 2009 .  the biggest threat to these monarchs , says weidinger , is cell phone .
 william and kate : the web 's response <sec> moments after clarence house announcement , web was abuzz with congratulations for couple .  wikipedia updates , new facebook groups , twitter comments all reflected the news .  `` better buy a fancy hat '' tweeted adamhucklefilms .  refusion tweeted : `` i do n't care ... william and kate middleton are getting married .
 are chinese falling out of love with their cars ? <sec> many large chinese cities ration license plates as they look for a solution to gridlocked roads and pollution .  it means many prospective car owners have to bid in license auctions .  but hybrid vehicles automatically qualify for a license plat .
 revealing facebook posts promote cancer awareness <sec> women post color of bra they 're wearing in effort to boost cancer awareness .  grass-roots movement spreads quickly on networking site .  `` we 're all for it , '' susan g. komen for the cure spokeswoman say .
 'egypt protesters ' 'egypt sit in ' 'egypt reaction ' egypt un <sec> new : canada says two parties must sit down immediately , reconcile their differences .  eu 's foreign policy chief calls on the security forces to `` exercise the utmost restraint '' .  the u.n. chief regrets that egyptian authorities `` chose to use force '' on demonstrators .  iran : brutal crackdown of egyptian protesters condemne .
 forget selfies -- make way for 'dronies ' <sec> a new breed of selfie -- the `` dronie '' -- is hitting the web .  drone owners are using the aircraft to show themselves .  the term `` dronie '' was coined on video site vimeo .  one family shares drone video from their nationwide tri .
 fbi looks at possible hate crime charge against seattle officers <sec> a freelancer caught the april 17 incident on videotape .  video shows officers kicking and stomping a detainee , shouting racial slurs .  agent : fbi will gather info to send to the justice department 's civil rights section .  `` the constitution was violated in a most egregious way , '' seattle naacp president say .
 south africa mine wo n't fire absent workers <sec> owner of south african mine says it wo n't fire workers who fail to show up .  lonmin had threated to discipline workers if they did n't report for duty .  34 miners were shot last week , but the situation is now calm , company says .  a memorial service is scheduled for thursda .
 fifa chief urges stronger action in serbian racism case <sec> head of world football says he will talk to european counterpart about serbia case .  sepp blatter says racism and discrimination deserve `` harsh punishments '' .  fifa president expresses concern about 2014 world cup safety after brazil violence .  he says indonesia lucky not to be suspended as a fifa member natio .
 mutu goal earns fiorentina a point <sec> super cup winners ac milan are held to a 1-1 home draw by fiorentina .  brazilian kaka gave milan the lead with a penalty after a foul on ambrosini .  adrian mutu equalised for fiorentina with a header from santana 's cros .
 meredith : lawyers want new autopsy <sec> uk exchange student meredith kercher killed in perugia , italy november 1 .  lawyers for released suspect patrick lumumba demand second autopsy .  request after another suspect says an unidentified assailant attacked kercher .  other suspects include kercher 's u.s. flatmate and flatmate 's italian boyfrien .
 opinion : do n't blame women 's drinking for rape <sec> matthew whitaker : articles said women could avoid rape if they did n't drink too much .  he says it 's ridiculous to focus on women 's behavior and not crime of the rapist .  he says women should not be expected to prevent their rape , made to feel guilt if they did n't .  whitaker : this discussion is retrograde . .  to prevent rape , fix misogyny , not women 's behavio .
 former guatemalan first lady 's presidential bid hits obstacle <sec> sandra torres divorced the president so she could run for the office .  there is a law that relatives of the president can not run .  the country 's electoral tribunal rejected her candidac .
 dead ohio athlete said he had concussions <sec> kosta karageorge 's brain will likely be examined for evidence of damage .  ohio state coach calls the death an `` incredible tragedy '' .  karageorge was also a wrestler as well as a football player .  he died from what authorities believe was a self-inflicted gunshot woun .
 alex rodriguez lawsuit may expose doping secrets <sec> lawsuit contains a 34-page report with doping allegations .  report alleges injections of banned drugs , secret meetings and big money payments .  alex rodriguez received the longest drug-related suspension in mlb history .  he denies using performance-enhancing drugs in recent year .
 venus defends dubai crown to move up all-time titles ladder <sec> venus williams claims 42nd title of her career , defending dubai tennis championship crown .  american third seed defeats victoria azarenka of belarus 6-3 7-5 in final .  victory lifted williams into 11th place on the all-time list above justine henin .  maria sharapova claims her first title of 2010 , beating sophia arvidsson in memphis fina .
 ny government website lists bakery , mechanic for obamacare help <sec> the errors are n't pervasive or statewide , a state health spokesman says .  new york businesses unrelated to health care have gotten calls about obamacare .  calls result from incorrect list on new york state 's health exchange website .  a pharmacist on list has filed complaint after multiple calls per da .
 gone in 12 seconds : nascar crew 's super-fast pit stops <sec> nascar pit crews are key to a driver 's success .  crews aim to complete the stop inside 12 seconds .  head coach of the 48 pit crew at hendrick motorsports explains the art of pit cre .
 france honors jim bittermann , cnn 's man in paris <sec> only two americans are set to be award the rank of chevalier this year .  jim bittermann , a journalist for nearly 40 years , joined cnn in 1996 .  first awarded by napoleon bonaparte to recognize outstanding accomplishmen .
 large rise in northern ireland bombings , report finds <sec> the number of detonated bombs went up fourfold in the past six months .  deployed devices have roughly doubled from the previous period .  the findings are in a report from the independent monitoring commissio .
 who is saif al-islam gadhafi ? <sec> saif al-islam gadhafi , 38 , gives libya 's first public speech acknowledging unrest .  there 's been no public indication why he , and not his father moammar , talked .  as western-educated and reform-minded , saif has differences with his father .  an expert says that , his speech notwithstanding , it 's unlikely saif will rise to powe .
 serena williams 'chills out ' to clinch charleston treble <sec> world no . .  1 serena williams defends her title at the family circle cup in charleston .  american rallies to defeat jelena jankovic 3-6 6-0 6-2 in sunday 's final .  serbian 's compatriots through to semifinals of davis cup , beating u.s. in idaho .  champion czech republic team will play argentina in the other semifina .
 biological terror attack likely by 2013 , panel says <sec> new : next terror attack on u.s. likely to originate in pakistan tribal areas , report says .  terrorists with biological weapons could kill millions , panel 's chairman says .  biological attack more likely than nuclear attack , report says .  number of nations with nuclear weapons also growing , panel say .
 5 things to know about immigration reform <sec> backers of `` gang of eight '' plan have momentum , but there 's a long way to go .  the bill will require at least 60 votes -- including some republicans -- to pass the senate .  `` gang of eight '' bill currently faces stiff opposition in the house .  polls show majority of americans back a pathway to citizenship for undocumented resident .
 prince george at one : profile and protection <sec> prince george was born on july 22 2013 amid intense media attention .  during his first year he travelled with his parents on their tour to new zealand and australia .  foster : george 's parents wanted to keep his world small and intimate in those early day .
 rig survivors : bp ordered shortcut on day of blast <sec> rig survivors say bp , transocean official argued over shortcut on day of blast .  bp official won argument : `` this is how it 's gon na be , '' he said , according to witness .  bp says it wo n't comment on specifics .  bp routinely cut corners and pushed ahead despite safety concerns , workers sa .
 weight loss success : man drops 188 pounds <sec> kevin pippen lost 188 pounds in two years , cutting his body weight in half .  his wife , susan , has gotten fit as well , dropping from a size 10 to a size 2 .  the couple focuses on eating healthy meals and works out almost every da .
 california man kills five family members , himself <sec> devan kalathat , 42 , shot six of his family members before turning gun on himself .  his wife , in critical condition , is the only survivor of the attack .  police : `` family dynamics and personal relationships may have played a factor '' .  police say man was not facing job loss or financial problem .
