 author richard bach is injured in a washington plane crash <sec> bach is best known for his 1970 classic , `` jonathan livingston seagull '' .  he was the pilot of the plane , which crashed friday on san juan island .  the cause of the crash is under investigatio .
 passer-by spotted emaciated wisconsin girl ; relatives charged <sec> the 15-year-old weighed 70 pounds when found ; she has since gained 17 .  the passer-by says the girl looked like `` she just came from auschwitz '' .  the girl 's stepbrother has been charged with sexual abuse .  her father and stepmother have been jailed on child neglect charge .
 search for new york teen avonte oquendo shifts to transit system <sec> avonte oquendo , 14 , has been missing since he ran out of his school on october 4 .  transportation officials suspend overnight weekend maintenance as search goes underground .  the family says the boy , who can not communicate verbally , is fascinated by train .
 isis , hamas , boko haram : believe their intent ( opinion ) <sec> newt gingrich says isis , hamas and boko haram want to impose islam by force on the world .  boko haram threatened its captured girls with death if they did n't convert to islam , he says .  isis wants the same thing for the yazidi girls they are capturing , he says .  gingrich : americans are not `` war weary , '' but even if we were , it would not matte .
 opinion : party like it 's the 1980s <sec> julian zelizer : new tv show may add to nostalgia for the 1980s .  he says the era was one that fundamentally shaped the world we live in today .  zelizer : from tax cuts to the 24-hour news media , the 1980s were tremendously influentia .
 more americans on their phones while watching tv <sec> study finds about half of u.s. mobile phone owners use phones while watching tv .  viewers use them to look up information , keep busy during commercials , text other viewers .  men are just as glued to phones as women while watching tv .  urban , wealthier and african-american viewers are most likely to use phones to interact with show .
 this paper cup can be recycled -- unlike the 50 billion that end up in landfills <sec> 50 billion paper cups end in u.s. landfills every year because they ca n't be recycled .  a british inventor has come up with a fully recyclable paper cup to cut this number down .  once recycled , paper cup cardboard can be used up to further seven time .
 soldier accused of being hit man for cartel <sec> new : 18-year-old was `` a good soldier , '' grandfather says .  u.s. soldier arrested in connection with killing of mexican drug cartel member .  michael jackson apodaca , 18 , was one of three men arrested monday .  other suspects are ruben rodriguez dorado and christopher andrew dura .
 cancer : 10 killer facts <sec> the majority of cancer cases are now found in developing countries .  72 per cent of all cancer deaths in 2007 occurred in poorer countries .  by 2030 , who estimates there will be 12 million cancer related deaths worldwide .  a third of cancers can be cured if detected early and treated adequatel .
 before obama visit , group warns ethnic violence could destabilize myanmar <sec> a nonprofit group is warning ongoing violence could destabilize the country .  the clashes are between majority buddhists and a stateless ethnic muslim group .  scores have been killed in clashes in recent weeks .  roughly 110,000 people are displace .
 officials : 1 pilot dead , 1 injured in spaceshiptwo test-flight failure <sec> pilot who is hospitalized parachuted to the ground .  nasa 's administrator says death of pilot felt by all who devoted lives to exploration .  both pilots worked for virgin galactic 's partner , scaled composites .  one pilot died , and one is seriously injured , officials sa .
 california same-sex marriage licenses possible in june <sec> court officials said licenses could be given out next month .  california supreme court struck down the state 's ban on same-sex marriage .  that ruling earlier this month found the ban unconstitutional .  june 16 is the last day the state supreme court can rule on a re-hearin .
 intriguing people for february 11 , 2010 <sec> 20 years ago today , nelson mandela was released from prison .  iran 's supreme leader says a `` punch '' will be delivered during revolution anniversary .  jaimee grubbs says she did n't think through releasing tiger woods ' voice mai .
 japan election a world away from tsunami-hit town <sec> elderly residents in ishinomaki are struggling to adapt to post-tsunami surroundings .  some live in temporary homes , 18 months after the earthquake and tsunami .  one resident fears that another change in government will delay reconstruction work .  another says : `` the government has n't done a thing for us . .  they 've only cleared the debris .
 basketball fan blows $ 25,000 watching knicks ' nightmare season <sec> fan spends $ 25,000 to watch knicks ' epic losing streak .  traveling far and wide , dennis doyle gets no respite .  only `` morbid curiosity '' keeps him coming back for more .  run of losses `` like watching a small animal get tortured , '' says doyl .
 eduardo arellano-felix gets 15 years for role in mexican drug cartel <sec> eduardo arellano-felix is sentenced for money laundering and illicit drug profits .  he is one of four brothers who ran the arellano-felix drug cartel in mexico .  two of his brothers are in u.s. prisons ; the third was killed in a 2002 shootout with polic .
 lawyer : fat joe cleared in sex assault case <sec> lawyer : police 'officially cleared ' fat joe after probe .  woman reported sex assault after wisconsin show .  fat joe never spoke to accuser , lawyer sai .
 hbo to make film of scientology book , hires 160 lawyers <sec> hbo is producing a film based on `` going clear , '' a book about scientology .  the network , preparing for legal battle , has hired 160 lawyers , according to exec .  documentary will be directed by alex gibney of `` taxi to the dark side '' fam .
 world 's first test-tube burger : do you want ketchup with that ? <sec> the world 's first test-tube burger will be served in london next week .  the burger is made from 20,000 strips of cultured meat and lab-grown animal fat .  it took nine weeks to grow and cost â£250,000 ( $ 384,000 ) to develo .
 oklahoma executes charles warner <sec> `` they poked me five times . .  it hurt . .  it feels like acid , '' warner said before his death .  his was the first execution in oklahoma since a controversial lethal injection in apri .
 high heat , high spirits at coachella <sec> coachella music festival wraps up sunday .  intriguing moments include vegetarian morrissey complaining about grilling .  both paul mccartney and the cure run past curfew ; cure is cut of .
 opinion : big brother spying is reaching scary levels <sec> the world 's leading tech companies asked president obama to reform privacy laws .  casey oppenheim : the scale of big brother spying is beyond our imagination .  he says even those who have nothing to hide want to regain some control of their privacy .  oppenheim : in this atmosphere of anxiety , more people are trying to find privacy solution .
 mayor bloomberg : 'cities will lead us into the future ' <sec> new york city mayor bloomberg is chairman of c40 cities climate leadership group .  city leaders are taking action , not debating climate science , says mayor .  hurricane sandy emphasized importance of stronger infrastructure .  new york is prepping for future storms and cutting emission .
 northeast digs out after deadly blizzard ; midwest braces for winter blast <sec> new : 90 % of two massachusetts towns still do n't have power , an official says .  new : monday will bring warmer temperatures and the threat of collapsing roofs .  at least nine people are killed in the blizzard , including a 14-year-old boston boy .  the next major winter storm is expected to strike between colorado and minnesot .
 insanity defense ? forget about it ( opinion ) <sec> trials of james holmes and eddie routh will invoke insanity defense .  danny cevallos : the insanity defense is rarely ever successful in court case .
 report : 2,000 bodies found in northeast japan <sec> the bodies were spotted in two locations , kyodo news agency reports .  the discovery would be the largest yet of victims from last week 's devastating earthquake and tsunami .  the official death toll is expected to go up as rescuers reach more hard-hit area .
 nyc settles with teacher who claimed students harassed her <sec> theresa reel agrees to $ 450,000 settlement with the city .  reel , 52 , claimed she was subjected to continuous harassment and verbal assaults .  a nyc dept . .  of education investigation claimed she dressed inappropriately .  deal was reached ahead of a trial that was scheduled for september 1 .
 kansas company recalls 50,000 pounds of ground beef products <sec> new : `` we are working closely with authorities to investigate this matter , '' company says .  usda says the products may be contaminated with e. coli .  it is the second recall this summer for the company .  it recalled 22,000 pounds of beef in june because of the same concern .
 australian panel calls for revamp of constitution to include aborigines <sec> a panel proposes new sections for the australian constitution to recognize indigenous people .  the government says it will consider the recommendations before deciding how to proceed .  it has promised a referendum on the issue by the next election .  changes to the constitution by referendum rarely do well in australi .
 dog hitches a ride to hospital with his human <sec> buddy hopped a ride on the side of the ambulance .  his owner complained of being dizzy and asked to go to the hospital .  the owner said he was `` impressed '' by his dog 's determinatio .
 2 dead as flash floods slam arizona , nevada <sec> a second woman in arizona died due to the flooding , authorities said tuesday .  one woman was killed when her car was swept away by floodwaters .  arizona gov . .  jan brewer declares a statewide emergency , warns drivers .  the national weather service says rains in the phoenix area set a recor .
 man charged with murder after 5 found dead in san francisco <sec> 5 people were found dead in san francisco , all having suffered `` blunt trauma '' .  there were 4 separate homicide scenes in the single residence , the city 's police chief says .  binh thai luc , 35 , is arrested sunday and charged on 5 murder counts .  his brother was also arrested on narcotics and other charge .
 henin defeats dementieva in melbourne <sec> justine henin booked her place in the third round of the australian open after she claimed a 7-5 7-6 ( 8-6 ) victory over fifth seed elena dementieva . .  fellow belgian kim clijsters came through in straight sets - 6-3 , 6-3 - in her clash with thai veteran tamarine tanasugarn . .  third seed svetlana kuznetsova recorded a 6-2 6-2 victory over fellow russian anastasia pavlyuchenkova .
 opinion : myths about obamacare <sec> aaron carroll : obamacare 's major changes go into effect in 2014 ; misconceptions remain .  he says polls show many opposed ; but 16 % of opposed say it 's not liberal enough .  he says gop want it to fail ; unwilling to even amend , change program .  carroll : california exchanges proving less expensive than thought ; gop should take not .
 army corps battles rising mississippi from memphis to new orleans <sec> new : `` it 's going to be a tragedy on many levels , '' says miss . .  emergency management spokesman .  u.s. army corps of engineers opens a spillway to protect new orleans .  there 's been flooding around memphis , though levees appear sound , officials say .  the river near memphis is expected to crest at a near-record 14 feet above flood stag .
 urban life sucks : urban life sucks in , one and all <sec> vimlendu takes a group of children to see a village in uttaranchal .  his aim was to show them the differences between india 's city and village life .  many of the children had never been to an indian village .  vimlendu says they were `` saddened by the villagers ' plight .
 should you buy a 'certified ' used car ? <sec> certified pre-owned programs may save you money .  manufacturers and dealers may also toss in perks .  buying a cpo vehicle will cost 2 to 8 percent mor .
 wife says canoe man faked death , hid in home <sec> reports : wife says he faked his death to avoid debts , hid in their home for years .  john darwin , 57 , thought to have drowned at sea off northeastern england in 2002 .  reappeared last week ; being questioned on suspicion of fraud .  sons of the couple say they are in an `` angry and confused state of mind .
 new north korean leader faces unprecedented challenge <sec> a third-generation dynasty has not happened in modern times , analysts say .  kim jong un can be viewed `` almost as a ceo of north korea inc. , '' an analyst says .  different factions and interest groups could end the younger kim 's reign , an analyst says .  s. korean official : a `` relatively well-grounded '' government seems to be in plac .
 somalia tops list of most corrupt countries <sec> transparency international 's annual corruption perception index measures perceived levels of public sector corruption .  survey found that lowest-scoring countries were fragile , unstable and scarred by war or long-standing conflicts .  somalia topped the list as most corrupt , while new zealand ranked highest at the other end of the scal .
 review : 'iron man 3 ' sweetly calibrated piece of blockbuster <sec> in the new film iron man is pitted against the mandarin .  stark 's arrogance and narcissism come back to haunt him .  the love story continues between pepper potts and tony star .
 at 110 , oldest known holocaust survivor dies <sec> alice herz-sommer and her son were sent to a concentration camp during wwii .  a talented pianist , she survived by playing for the nazis at the camp .  `` my world is music , '' she said in a 2014 oscar-nominated documentary about her lif .
 yemen crisis : evacuee prays for 'those we left behind ' <sec> air india has evacuated 2,500 people in recent days from yemen , indian official says .  passengers could only bring carry-on luggage onto the airplane .  the saudis have not destroyed the airstrips , which are controlled by houthi .
 fire destroys private-island home of virgin head richard branson <sec> the fire was sparked by a lightning strike during tropical storm irene .  20 people , including actress kate winslet , were in the house at the time .  no one was injure .
 police release video of deadly parking lot brawl <sec> police questioned the group about an alleged assault of a walmart employee .  a man put a police officer in a headlock and fighting broke ou .
 israel says it destroyed 2 tunnels in gaza <sec> israel says it targeted `` terror tunnels , '' including at least one going from gaza to israel .  israeli military says it suspects one was intended to help militants kidnap israelis .  four palestinian militants were killed in friday 's incidents , al qassam brigades says .  idf says hamas fighters injured four israeli soldiers during operation to destroy tunne .
 china 's rise does n't have to come at america 's expense <sec> vijay vaitheeswaran : cheap china is fading fast , and innovative china is emerging .  vaitheeswaran : if america wants to stay on top , it needs to spur innovation .  he says america needs better immigration policies to retain talents .  he says congress should pass a bill to make it easier to fund entrepreneur .
 connecticut mayor apologizes for 'taco ' comment <sec> new : joseph maturo jr. asks public to consider difficulties of arrested officers .  new : east haven mayor blamed stress for what he later described as a flippant comment .  new : a restaurant manager says police routinely harassed latino workers , customers .  four east haven police officers were arrested for their alleged roles in abusing latino resident .
 brown wins massachusetts senate race <sec> democrat martha coakley concedes to republican scott brown .  president obama `` frustrated '' by massachusetts senate race , aide says .  good turnout expected as massachusetts votes to fill sen. ted kennedy 's seat .  democrats would lose filibuster-proof majority in senate with brown wi .
 daniel ricciardo wins action-packed hungary grand prix <sec> daniel ricciardo wins hungarian grand prix for red bull .  fernando alonso takes fine second in his ferrari .  lewis hamilton in third after starting from pit lane .  hamilton ignored team orders to move over for nico rosber .
 veteran in north korea to find remains of fellow aviator <sec> former pilot , now 88 , visiting north korea .  thomas hudner plans to see korean war crash site .  he tried to save jesse brown .  brown was first african-american pilot in u.s. nav .
 farc ready to lay down arms if government does , members say <sec> an immediate cease fire will be on the agenda in talks next month , farc members say .  but one warns , `` there 's enough of us to keep taking the fight to the government . '' .  the revolutionary armed forces of colombia have waged a civil war for five decades .  `` we no longer have any captives , '' farc commander mauricio jaramillo say .
 jews protest arab construction in israel <sec> jewish right-wing extremists protest arab construction in neighboring area .  bedouin residents who are israeli citizens hold counter-demonstration .  more than 1,000 police officers deployed to calm the protesters .  main road closed to prevent clashes ; march ends peacefull .
 opinion : the year that changed the world <sec> this week marks the anniversary of the unveiling of the u.s. constitution in 1787 .  akhil amar : over the following 12 months , america debated the ground rules for a new kind of democracy .  on voting rights , the u.s. has recently taken backward steps ; free speech is flourishing , he says .  amar : constitutional self-government rules half the globe , thanks to u.s. exampl .
 iraqi christians find refuge in france <sec> many iraqi christians have fled to france , reporting threats and persecution .  massacre at a baghdad church in october killed 56 people , injured more than 70 .  iraqi christians once numbered 1.2 million ; now down to 400,000 , bishop says .  worshippers in france say they did n't want to leave iraq but danger was too grea .
 ghana court dismisses election challenges , president retains office <sec> john dramani mahama was sworn in as president of ghana after december elections .  his challenger , nana addo dankwa akufo-addo , was among those alleging voter fraud .  the supreme court dismisses all claims of fraud and irregularities .  challenger akufo-addo calls on ghanaians to `` come together and build our country .
 gop congress , please no more circus shows ( opinion ) <sec> sally kohn : now that the gop has control of congress , it needs to do a better job .  kohn : republicans must go beyond their fringe conservative base and ideologies .  crumbling infrastructure , immigration , good wages are issues that matter , she says .  kohn : gop should stop shutting down the government and show it 's up to task at han .
 dubai murder suspects climb to 26 <sec> new : australian officials cooperate with dubai authorities over passports .  new : police say metabank issued credit cards to suspects ; company says it 's investigating .  new : senior hamas leader reported to say he believes israel is behind killing .  dubai police name 15 new suspects in murder of hamas officia .
 nz south island 's 13 most beautiful photo ops <sec> new zealand 's south island has fewer people and more scenic views than north island .  nz travel photographer mike hollman lists his favorite places to photograph .  list includes best road trip , glaciers , icebergs and alien boulder .
 africa 'ultimate testing ground ' in bid to end poverty <sec> liberian president ellen johnson sirleaf and unfpa chief write on development goals .  international community made progress on mdgs , but still has a way to go , they say .  extreme poverty and vaccinations for children have seen an improvement .  africa will be testing ground for new strategies to reduce inequalit .
 cycling in amsterdam : how to pedal like a local <sec> amsterdam is pancake flat and crisscrossed with 4,000 kilometers of bike paths .  local cyclists are said to get frustrated with tourists who dawdle or stop in the center of cycle paths .  bike theft is a problem with an estimated 55,000 cycles going missing every yea .
 suspect in orlando shooting spree charged with first-degree murder <sec> new : jason rodriguez , 40 , charged with first-degree murder in office shootings .  new : suspect `` was recognized by numerous former co-workers , '' affidavit states .  `` they left me to rot , '' suspect says as police escort him past reporters .  company spokesman : rodriguz was let go `` for performance issues '' in 200 .
 pakistan 's prime minister warns united states <sec> new : u.s. commander wants an investigation complete before christmas .  pakistan denies firing first at a nato aircraft that killed two dozen pakistanis .  the pakistani taliban say pakistan must respond in kind to the attack .  a top afghan official warns of possible conflict with pakista .
 celebration in north korean capital marks 100 years since founder 's birth <sec> kim jong un touts the importance of the revolution begun by his grandfather .  he stresses the military 's significance and vows citizens wo n't starve again .  he spoke during a celebration in pyongyang marking kim il sung 's birth 100 years earlie .
