 ralph nader enters presidential race <sec> `` dissent is the mother of ascent , '' nader says in announcing his presidential run .  nader turns 74 this week .  obama on nader : `` he seems to have a pretty high opinion of his own work '' .  nader : political consultants `` have really messed up hillary clinton 's campaign .
 new york times ' david carr died of lung cancer <sec> carr , 58 , died thursday after he collapsed at the times ' office in manhattan .  shortly before his death , he had moderated a film discussio .
 atf blocks agent 's 'fast and furious ' book <sec> book is being blocked by superiors because it might negatively impact morale .  the botched gun-walking 'fast and furious ' operation was investigated by congress .  atf 's john dodson was among a number of agents who claimed whistleblower status .  agency cites rules that prohibit current agents from writing on issues they experience .
 elizabeth warren : i 've been treated differently - cnnpolitics.com <sec> elizabeth warren said she 's been treated differently as a woman in the senate .  warren would n't talk specifics of her treatmen .
 magna carta being auctioned for first time <sec> sotheby 's to auction one of the earliest versions of the magna carta .  document expected to go for at least $ 20 million to $ 30 million .  charter mandated king to cede certain basic rights to citizens .  ross perot bought this version in 198 .
 ancient 'air-conditioning ' cools building sustainably <sec> architect has adapted india 's ancient stepwell architecture for a modern , sustainable building .  pools of water at base create low-tech `` evaporative cooling '' of surrounding area .  academy protected from elements by a double skin , derived from traditional `` jaali '' structur .
 immigrants face deadly voyage to europe <sec> this year around 20,000 migrants have been apprehended on european shores .  malta is a hub for immigrants from africa trying to reach europe .  thousands of africans have died trying to cross mediterranean and adriati .
 'mama wu ' unlikely hero for homosexuals in china <sec> 'mama wu ' has earned fame by publicly defending her homosexual son .  homosexuals face deep cultural prejudices and pressure to marry .  about 30 percent of chinese homosexuals have attempted suicide .  although not illegal , homosexual venues regularly shut down in chin .
 sage stallone died of heart attack , not drugs , coroner concludes <sec> over-the-counter pain medication only drug found in stallone 's body , coroner says .  sylvester stallone had appealed for end to `` speculation '' about his son using drugs .  stallone was found dead in his los angeles home on july 13 by his housekeeper .  a full autopsy report is to be made public next wee .
 opinion : clinton allowed u.s. to again stand tall on world stage <sec> rep. joe crowley credits hillary clinton for turnaround of america 's global standing .  clinton became one of the most traveled secretary of states by visiting 112 countries .  he contends that clinton reversed the `` habitual unilateralism '' of bush er .
 indian footballer dies after heart attack <sec> bangalore mars football club striker venkatesh collapsed towards the end of a game .  the 27-year died after being taken to a local hospital by teammates .  comes days after a young footballer experienced a similar attack in englan .
 opinion : three voices , three big stories <sec> new cnn radio podcast features cnn opinion contributors on top three stories .  podcast offers views of john avlon , margaret hoover and dean obeidallah .  panelists exchange views on iraq war anniversary , obama 's trip to israel and gop strateg .
 opportunity plugs away as new mars probe nears landing <sec> the mars rover opportunity has survived eight and a half years on mars .  the 5-foot craft was designed to last 90 days .  `` we 've taken great care '' in operating it , former driver say .
 tlc sues jon gosselin for breach of contract <sec> tlc lawsuit says new `` kate plus 8 '' show is `` suspended indefinitely '' .  source : enough footage for `` jon & kate plus 8 '' to last sometime into november .  suit alleges jon gosselin violated contract with paid and unpaid tv appearances .  gosselin 's attorney calls tlc 's claims `` weak , feeble and baseless .
 nicole kidman , keith urban announce new daughter 's arrival <sec> faith margaret kidman urban was born through a surrogate .  urban and kidman already have a 2-year-old daughte .
 a new era for the national enquirer ? <sec> the national enquirer was considered for a pulitzer prize for john edwards coverage .  enquirer better known for roots as a celebrity supermarket paper , scandal sheet .  roots of it and others can be most directly traced to 1950s magazine confidential .  enquirer 's new respect illustrative of changes in media busines .
 at least 447 dead after storm pummels philippines <sec> new : philippine red cross chairman will travel to stricken region monday .  emergency officials are distributing food rations , blankets and mosquito nets .  officials estimate 100,000 are displaced .  they are investigating reports that an entire village was swept awa .
 let manti te'o be the end of sports hero worship <sec> manti te'o saga is the latest of a series of embarrassing failures by journalists .  howard kurtz says reporters covering sports ca n't fall victim to hero worship .  people in news business are accustomed to being lied to , kurtz says .  kurtz : it 's time for aggressive and tough-minded sports reportin .
 kim kardashian , kris humphries tie the knot <sec> kim kardashian and kris humphries got engaged in may .  the reality couple have their wedding in montecito , california .  kardashian is the star of the e ! .  network 's `` keeping up with the kardashians .
 south miami commissioners propose seceding from florida <sec> in resolution , south miami commissioners propose creating state of south florida .  split would be along interstate 4 corridor , so disney world is in , daytona beach out .  it sounds like a joke , but resolution highlights serious issue of rising sea levels .  florida voters and congress would need to approve any measure to split stat .
 syrian president in spotlight after deadly attacks <sec> al-assad grew up in the shadow of his father , the late president hafez al-assad .  his father ruled with iron fist , jailing some dissidents and marginalizing others .  his son , bashar , enjoyed rare privileges and education as he studied abroad .  but those in europe and the u.s. initially seemed heartened by the incoming presiden .
 feds revamp ellis , liberty islands security plan <sec> the national park service had planned to relocate screening to the islands .  visitors would have been allowed on ferries and on the islands before security checks .  senator : `` it 's sort of saying we are going to screen people ... after they get on the plane '' .  visitors will continue to be screened before boarding ferrie .
 slogan hailing stalin returns to metro station , draws scorn <sec> newly restored slogan at moscow metro station hails stalin , draws criticism .  gulag survivor : `` for people ... whose parents were killed , this is still in their hearts '' .  group says 40 percent of russians are in favor of rehabilitation of stalin 's image .  `` that means people do n't care about what was happening to their ancestors .
 new inquest into baby 's 'dingo ' death <sec> azaria chamberlain disappeared from a tent 31 years ago .  her mother , lindy , claimed her baby had been taken by a dingo .  crown prosecution convinced a jury she was guilty of murder .  conviction was later quashed but azaria 's official cause of death still remains `` open .
 country stars guest list grows for lionel richie tv concert <sec> `` acm presents : lionel richie and friends in concert '' will have many country stars .  luke bryan , sara evans , tim mcgraw , and jennifer nettles are the night 's newest additions .  the concert will feature a variety of offerings , from solo performances to duet .
 convicted cold war spy john walker dies in prison <sec> walker 's spy ring included his brother and son , according to the fbi .  he was scheduled to be released on parole within the year .  his brother died in the same prison in jul .
 legal woes for new jersey gov . chris christie over bridge traffic jam <sec> new jersey state assembly releasing 907 pages of lane closure scandal documents .  christie 's republican political allies may have created traffic mayhem to spite a democrat .  a group of citizens has filed a class-action lawsuit against christie .  analyst : there may have been a crime , as a woman died amid the chao .
 gifting from your kitchen : a toffee tutorial <sec> homemade treats are easy to make and sure to please .  put english toffee in decorative tins or plastic bags for a sweet gift .  candy-making may seem difficult , but these instructions will turn you into a pr .
 brazil presidential vote headed for runoff <sec> new : with more than 99 % of votes counted , dilma rousseff has more than 41 % of votes .  new : exit polls say she 'll face aecio neves in a runoff .  rousseff is brazil 's first female president and was once a marxist rebel .  neves , an economist , is a well known career politician who vows to fight inflatio .
 horse racing drugs scandal trainer banned for eight years <sec> leading horse racing trainer mahmood al zarooni receives eight-year ban .  al zarooni had admitted to administering anabolic steroids to 15 top thoroughbreds .  horses in question also suspended from running for six months .  punishments handed down by british horseracing authority in londo .
 'anonymous arab ' cyberattacks hit israel <sec> websites for israel 's knesset and elections agency appeared to be down sunday .  cyberattackers ' own website was itself hacked ; it played israel 's national anthem .  hackers can do `` no real damage , '' israeli cyberchief says .  group called anonymous arab announced attack plan last wee .
 swine flu 'not stoppable , ' world health organization says <sec> further spread of swine flu inevitable , world health organization says .  who calls h1n1 a global pandemic , raises alert to highest level .  u.n. agency says that does n't mean disease is worse , but that it 's in more countries .  hong kong orders closure of all elementary schools , kindergartens , day care center .
 life-long boston red sox fan heading to fenway with help of strangers <sec> allan munroe , 87 , is a lifelong red sox fan .  his wife , norma , died in may .  munroe 's granddaughter set up gofundme page to raise money for trip to fenway .  he 'll see his first in-person game in 50 years next weeken .
 pancake house takes on prayer group <sec> lawsuit is filed this month .  ihop , the pancake house , says church group is infringing on its trademark .  the international house of prayer was founded in 199 .
 more than $ 690k for the indian prime minister 's suit <sec> proceeds of the auction go toward cleaning of india 's holy river .  the suit is considered one of the world 's most expensiv .
 costa concordia captain convicted in shipwreck <sec> francesco schettino is sentenced to 16 years in prison .  judges find him guilty of manslaughter and abandoning ship .  schettino says he `` died along with the 32 others that day , '' went through `` media meat grinder .
 youtube wants commenters to use real names <sec> youtube is encouraging the use of full names in its comment section .  users can comment anonymously but must explain why .  recent youtube changes include video face-blurring tech to protect protesters .  it may be a step towards making the internet more civil , but will users comply .
 lack of wind stalls america 's cup start <sec> start of the 33rd america 's cup has been delayed yet again by a lack of wind in spain .  holders alinghi were due to face oracle in first of three races on monday morning .  it has now been rescheduled for wednesday , with alinghi seeking a third straight title .  the two syndicates have been in legal disputes since alinghi 's last win in 200 .
 nato : no evidence for afghan claim of possible torture , murder by u.s. forces <sec> new : a u.s.-nato-afghan joint probe will look at allegations against u.s. `` special force '' .  new : local afghan officials tell cnn the allegations came from upset residents .  the afghan president 's office did n't indicate the source of the allegations .  `` we found no supporting evidence , '' nato say .
 american has 20 days to appeal iranian death sentence <sec> hekmati 's family has hired a lawyer with success in negotiating with tehran .  he is sentenced to death for espionage .  an iranian court of appeals would hear the case , if it 's appealed .  hekmati 's parents are `` shocked and terrified '' by the new .
 ukraine crisis : sanctions a sticking point between u.s. , europe <sec> where do washington and the european union stand on the ukraine crisis ? .  no one wants an armed conflict , especially in the eu 's backyard .  europe 's economic ties with russia make it less likely to back strong sanctions .  new : the u.s. house authorizes loan guarantees for ukrain .
 arrests , beatings fail to deter chinese human rights crusader chen <sec> chen never sought to be a rabble-rouser , says law professor .  an eye infection left him blind as a child ; his parents were farmers .  chen became an advocate for farmers and the disabled in shandong .  the case that brought him to international prominence began in 200 .
 cnn student news transcript - june 1 , 2012 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 brain bank examines athletes ' hard hits <sec> nathan stiles was the youngest reported case of chronic traumatic encephalopathy .  the degenerative disease is found in athletes who get repeated blows to the head .  va center for the study of traumatic encephalopathy brain bank examines injurie .
 famous okies pull off benefit in bad weather <sec> blake shelton 's `` healing for the heartland '' had an all-star lineup .  the event was held in oklahoma city in front a sold-out crowd .  miranda lambert choked up while singing `` the house that built me '' .  funds raised from the telethon will go to the united way of central oklahom .
 opinion : art that embraces our limits <sec> phil hansen gave a ted talk describing how a shake led him to different forms of art .  in new project , people describe their limitations and he writes them onto a huge canvas .  hansen : a project that began with goal of connecting people is also a portrait of our cultu .
 death row inmate found hanged in cell , 2 days before execution <sec> new : billy slagle was found alone in his cell ; an autopsy is set for monday .  a condemned killer in scissors death , slagle faced execution tuesday .  he was found hanging in his ohio prison cell sunday morning .  ohio gov . .  john kasich had denied clemency in jul .
 gunman fires at french nursery <sec> eight injured by gunman who opens fire at nursery school in lyon , france .  police said the shooter used an air rifle and was not captured .  security cordon set up around area schools .  mayor says he thinks pedestrians rather than the school were gunman 's targe .
 dan rather : 'quote approval ' a media sellout <sec> reporters are agreeing to let candidates vet their quotes before they appear in stories .  dan rather : allowing candidates to edit their quotes makes reports fraudulent .  by making this `` bargain '' for access , he says , reporters essentially become pr agents .  rather : newspapers and media outlets must push back on `` quote approval .
 police suspect arson in deadly israeli wildfire <sec> new : u.s. and israeli officials have been in `` near-constant contact , '' president obama says .  40 people died when their bus was engulfed in flames , a newspaper reports .  `` suspicious articles '' have led police to suspect arson .  at least 41 people have been kille .
 bonnaroo lineup : billy joel , mumford & sons lead 2015 <sec> billy joel will headline this year 's bonnaroo music and arts festival .  the festival will run from june 11 to 14 in manchester , tennesse .
 opinion : shutdown deal : a 15-yard punt <sec> ari fleischer : shutdown deal reached by obama , congress was a punt that went 15 yards .  he says it 'll likely happen again in january . .  tea party 's goals admirable , tactics must change .  he says tea party must realize : to win , it needs votes . .  that 's why it lost shutdown battle .  fleischer : obama has also overreached -- with obamacare , call for tax hik .
 blackpool claim coveted premier league spot after wembley win <sec> blackpool beat cardiff 3-2 in championship playoff final at wembley .  brett ormerod scores winning goal just before halftime for seasiders .  promotion to english premier league worth an estimated $ 130 million to blackpoo .
 guttierez in at sauber <sec> mexico 's esteban gutierrez to race for sauber next season .  guttierrez will line up alongside nico hulkenburg in 2013 .  kamui kobayashi to leave team following disappointing season .  charles pic signs long-term deal with caterham after leaving marussi .
 mass . rape suspect arrested , accused of multiple crimes <sec> gregory lewis , 26 , was wanted in connection with violent crimes spanning several states .  he crashed his car after police pulled him over for a missing license plat .
 was bergdahl swap legal ? depends on who you ask <sec> democratic sen. feinstein says congress should have been told .  president obama defends the swap of terror suspects for sgt . .  bergdahl .  white house : protecting u.s. citizens and soldiers is a special circumstance .  gop critics say obama violated a law requiring 30 days ' notice for congres .
 doctor in gaza : patients 'lying everywhere ' <sec> new : israel announced on monday it was opening up border crossings .  new : it will allow 80 trucks filled with humanitarian supplies to pass into gaza .  doctor : some 20 percent of the 500 people dead at hospital are children .  at least 507 palestinians have been killed in the military operatio .
 poll : 47 percent concerned mccain would n't finish first term <sec> poll : nearly 47 percent of americans concerned mccain would n't finish first term .  john mccain , 72 , survived cancer , could be oldest sworn first-term president .  barack obama , 47 , a former smoker and fourth-youngest major party nominee .  only 7 percent of voters said health is `` single most important factor '' in decisio .
 money-pinched brandeis to sell art collection <sec> brandeis trustees vote to close rose art museum , sell collection .  university spokesman says `` painful decision '' necessary for school 's survival .  collection includes iconic paintings by warhol , johns and lichtenstein .  brandeis is the only nonsectarian , jewish-sponsored university in natio .
 opposition : syrian regime intensifies attacks in cities visited by monitors <sec> new : shelling in hama causes a number of buildings to collapse , witness says .  they say fresh violence erupts in douma and hama after u.n. observers leave .  syria is not accepting monitors from friends of syria nations , a u.n. official says .  hillary clinton : it is `` absolutely deplorable '' if the regime is killing those who spoke to monitor .
 nadal scrapes past nalbandian in miami <sec> rafael nadal is through to the third round of the sony ericsson open in miami .  andy roddick and jo-wilfred tsonga are other players to progress on sunday .  belgian pair kim clijsters and justine henin both win their matches in women 's dra .
 ted ligety extends giant slalom domination in season opener <sec> ted ligety wins world cup giant slalom at soelden .  hat-trick of wins at the venue for 29-year-old american .  ligety won last two giants slaloms of 2012-13 season .  american bode miller returns to competitio .
 strip clubs , marijuana eyed during budget crunch <sec> states consider creative approaches to raise money .  georgia lawmakers proposed $ 5 charge for patrons of gentlemen 's clubs .  delaware approved sports lottery , but it 's getting pushback from pro leagues .  larger issue is shift from manufacturing to service-based economy , analyst say .
 late di maria strike keeps madrid in touch with barca <sec> real madrid keep pressure on rivals barcelona with 1-0 win over sevilla .  atletico madrid recover from europa league exit with 3-0 win over malaga .  in bundesliga , bayer leverkusen miss opportunity to close gap on league leaders dortmund .  mario gomez scores a hat-trick as bayern munich thrash stuttgart 5- .
