 official : lake search did n't turn up weapon in aaron hernandez case <sec> a police search of a connecticut lake does n't turn up the gun , an official says .  a dive team will return to the area next week and search a smaller body of water .  hernandez 's cousin was charged with contempt of court and jaile .
 iraqis claim british abused them , demand probe <sec> 125 iraqis claim they suffered abuse such as hooding and sleep deprivation .  the abuse was part of a `` deliberate policy , '' their lawyer argues .  the ministry of defence says it is investigating case via a special commission .  the lawyer says that 's just delaying the inevitabl .
 court upholds conviction in california subway shooting <sec> johannes mehserle was convicted in 2010 of killing an unarmed man .  he was sentenced to two years in prison .  the shooting has been controversial in california 's bay area communit .
 opinion : what will fix the obesity crisis ? <sec> michael rosenbaum : dr. mehmet oz says there 's no long-term miracle weight loss pill .  rosenbaum : 68 % of adults are overweight or obese ; americans want to lose weight .  he says obesity prevention starts in the home , school , community , and at early age .  rosenbaum : schools should provide strong health and physical education to student .
 5 train stations worth a stop <sec> spanish architect santiago calatrava 's liège-guillemins station was unveiled in 2009 .  grand central terminal features a 25,000-square-foot cerulean blue and gold leaf zodiac ceiling .  eliel saarinen 's helsinki central station is a stunning example of art nouveau architectur .
 saudi blogger 's second round of lashes postponed <sec> saudi blogger convicted of 'insulting islam ' has second round of flogging postponed .  raif badawi was sentenced to 1,000 lashes .  doctors said badawi was too injured to withstand getting more lashe .
 sanchez wins first stage as champion contador loses time in tour <sec> three-time tour de france winner alberto contador now four minutes off leader 's time .  defending champion finishes ninth in thursday 's 12th stage of cycling showpiece .  fellow spaniard samuel sanchez wins the first stage of his career to be 4:11 off pace .  france 's thomas voeckler retains the leader 's yellow jersey after finishing nint .
 obama says gun lobby stokes fear of federal action <sec> new : new york 's senate passes a bill on gun regulations ; the bill goes to the assembly .  the gun lobby is stirring fears over plans to address gun violence plan , obama says .  some gun violence initiatives may not require legislative approval , others will .  the gun rights group nra has vowed to fight gun restrictions tooth and nai .
 ebola victim brantly : 'i felt like i was about to die ' <sec> dr. kent brantly went to west africa to work for a christian relief organization .  he recalls feeling `` a little off '' on july 23 , then testing positive for ebola virus .  brantly says he had `` no reserve , '' did n't know if he could continue breathing .  he did and -- after time at an atlanta hospital -- was declared symptom-fre .
 chelsea fail to regain top spot in england after draw at newcastle <sec> english champions chelsea come from behind to draw 1-1 at newcastle .  salomon kalou 's 45th-minute goal cancels out andy carroll 's early opener .  carlo ancelotti 's team trail leaders manchester united by two points after 15 games .  tottenham move into fifth place above bolton with a last-gasp 2-1 win at home to liverpoo .
 buddy holly 's officially a hollywood star <sec> holly 's star is on vine at the capitol records building .  his dream was to make his mark on hollywood , holly 's widow says .  gary busey , who played holly in a film , feels his `` spirit in the air '' .  the dedication coincides with the release of a tribute albu .
 'black dynamite ' pays homage to blaxploitation films <sec> `` black dynamite '' spoofs the blaxploitation genre .  film stars michael jai white , who says he is a fan of the movies .  director scott sanders says genre greatly influenced the culture .  author says films reflected a post civil rights era spiri .
 michael jackson 's brothers talk reunion tour <sec> jermaine jackson says the brothers are meeting monday to plan a new tour .  `` michael would want us to continue on , '' he says .  jackson was unveiling wax figures of michael jackson on tour at madame tussaud .
 doris lessing : born into stories <sec> writer doris lessing spells out mankind 's dependence on stories .  lessing on storytelling : `` it 's always going on in one way or another . '' .  her own life is itself a great story : born in persia , she grew up in southern africa .  the nobel prizewinner says her latest novel `` alfred and emily '' will be her las .
 man who took hostages at hillary clinton 's office is missing <sec> authorities say leeland eisenberg is not at his new hampshire halfway house .  eisenberg held hostages at a hillary clinton campaign office in 2007 .  after an early release from prison , eisenberg violated his probation in 201 .
 michael jackson 's boyhood home pays tribute <sec> joe jackson : `` it 's always good to come back home '' .  teachers , neighbors remember energetic boy full of talent .  children , groups sing and dance to pay tribute to jackso .
 2 in custody after reports of armed men on south florida campus <sec> campus police question 2 men after incidents on school campus monday .  report of armed intruder on the university of south florida campus in tampa , florida .  police received a report of person armed with bomb , gun near the library .  usf police say no one was hurt , no shots were fire .
 use with caution : the perils of wikipedia <sec> free online encyclopedia wikipedia has fallen victim to hoaxers , vandals .  students and journalists have fallen foul of site 's inaccuracies .  cal tech grad student has uncovered corporate wikipedia whitewashing .  site is still a valuable resource -- when used with cautio .
 edward dolman profile <sec> dolman was specialist in furniture department of south kensington for 10 years .  in 1996 he was made managing director of christie 's amsterdam .  developed five-year business plan with christie 's international management grou .
 civilian died in afghan crossfire , nato says <sec> afghan forces investigating death of woman caught in crossfire of gunbattle .  nato says 12 militants also died in the battle in logar province .  nato said initial indications are the woman was killed by militant .
 tall , dark and handsome muse ... is a horse <sec> from picasso 's dora maar to andy warhol 's edie sedgwick , muses inspire great artists .  but muses are n't always beautiful women -- sometimes they 're a horse .  champion thoroughbred frankel inspires poem and painting ahead of last race .  arguably world 's greatest race horse secured 14th win at ascot 's champions stake .
 economy tanked over cows , horses and whales <sec> odd things caused u.s. economy to tank four other times .  disease kills 99 percent of horses in 1872 , causing business failures , bankruptcies .  dry summer , record cold winter in 1886 wipes out half the cattle in west .  1907 copper scheme causes run on banks , banker uses own money to stop i .
 recall of nearly 9 million pounds of meat not fully inspected <sec> the u.s. announces a massive recall of beef , veal products from a california company .  agency : products came from `` diseased ... animals , '' were n't properly inspected .  they went to distributors , retail establishments from january 2013 to 201 .
 saudi man loses more than 700 pounds after king intervenes <sec> in august , king abdullah ordered khalid bin mohsen shaari to be treated in riyadh , the capital .  he then weighed 1,345 pounds and had not left his bed for three years , magazine says .  heart and lungs are better , and he has less inflammation and stronger muscles , doctor says .  shaari still ca n't move on his own and uses a mechanized pulley to sit on a big wheelchai .
 mccanns win $ 1m libel damages <sec> mccanns accept damages and apology for stories published in newspapers .  couple will use the £550,000 libel damages to look for madeleine .  the daily express and daily star printed an apology on their front pages .  had alleged that the mccanns were responsible for the death of the missing gir .
 commentary : raise a ruckus , make a difference <sec> malaak compton-rock : some critical of `` black in america '' focus on problems .  she says community has serious challenges to overcome , particularly for children .  compton-rock : `` black in america 2 '' will show solutions .  she says naysayers must join the fight to improve condition .
 fda : psoriasis drug could cause deadly brain infection <sec> new : european medicines agency discourages new raptiva prescriptions .  raptiva 's product labeling was revised in october to highlight risks .  raptiva is an injection for adults with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis .  the drug suppresses t-cells , which makes it decrease immune system functio .
 it may take a genius to shop for smart tvs <sec> connected tvs have a major presence at ces .  the offerings can be confusing since there are so many platforms .  several manufacturers produce similar tv models that run completely different softwar .
 volunteers will be key as sandy cleanup begins <sec> relief groups and state agencies are registering volunteers to help in the wake of sandy .  volunteers are needed immediately and in the weeks to come .  stay informed of ways you can help those impacted by sandy at cnn.com/impac .
 official : no deal yet between chicago teachers and school system <sec> new : school board chief tells union , `` we should resolve this tomorrow '' .  new : a mayor 's spokeswoman says talks are continuing into the night .  30,000 teachers and other staff went on strike after failing to reach a contract deal .  the strike harms children unnecessarily , chicago 's mayor say .
 golfer hits hole in one but joy short lived <sec> welsh golfer stuart manley hits a hole in one at the world cup of golf in melbourne .  manley celebrates wildly as he thinks he has won a new mercedes .  but the car only goes to those who hit a hole in one in the fourth and final round .  a disappointed manley then hits an 11 on the par-4 fourth and finishes with a 7 .
 4 firefighters injured during ice bucket challenge <sec> firefighters were participating in group als ice bucket challenge .  one firefighter remains in critical condition .  electricity arc shocked firefighters in extension ladder .  ice bucket challenge organized by campbellsville university ban .
 miracles singer bobby rogers dead at 73 <sec> new : `` bobby will be missed and mourned by many , '' his cousin and fellow group member says .  rogers was one of the original miracles , a cornerstone group of motown .  rogers was `` my brother , '' singer smokey robinson says .  the band was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 201 .
 spanish international star villa breaks his leg as barcelonal brush al sadd aside <sec> barcelona and spain striker david villa breaks his leg .  villa sustains the injury in barca 's 4-0 club world cup defeat of al sadd .  european champions barca will face brazilian side santos in sunday 's final .  adrian scores twice in the easy win for the catalan giant .
 davis ad uses wheelchair to criticize paralyzed foe <sec> wendy davis attacks her gop opponent with an ad featuring an empty wheelchair .  her opponent , greg abbott , is partially paralyzed and uses a wheelchair .  it 's a hail mary by a candidate who polls show trailing badly in the race 's final week .
 prison security stepped up on eve of noriega return to panama <sec> the former strongman is expected to arrive in panama late sunday afternoon .  panamanian officials want him to face justice there .  the former dictator has been convicted of crimes in the united states and franc .
 nasa discovers 715 new planets <sec> four of 715 newly discovered planets may support earth-like life .  it 's the biggest single discovery of planets in history .  all were found in the first two years of the kepler telescope 's voyage .  nasa expects next batch of data to reveal more habitable planet .
 a pow 's 'tears in the darkness ' <sec> ben steele recounts surviving the bataan death march in world war ii .  `` men died like flies , '' says steele , now 91 .  steele 's story is recounted in new book `` tears in the darkness '' .  steele forced to confront hatred through chance meeting after wa .
 joe torre goes to bat with obama against domestic violence <sec> baseball great joe torre tells white house event about his abusive father .  new initiatives seek to reduce violence and help victims .  one in four american women experiences domestic violence in her lif .
 florida church van crash kills 8 <sec> `` we 've lost a lot of family members , church family , '' a man whose father died tells cnn affiliate wpbf .  eight people are dead , 10 are injured after a church van crash in florida early monday .  investigators do n't know why the van ran a stop sign and plunged into a shallow cana .
 how the navy avoids norovirus <sec> the u.s. navy has largely avoided major outbreaks on ships .  the navy isolates crew members who are n't feeling well .  rigorous cleaning is part of sailors ' daily routin .
 bomb squad gives all clear at u.s. embassy in belgium <sec> a suspicious vehicle prompts the belgian defense ministry to send a bomb squad .  the car has no explosives but police are investigating how it got there .  the alert follows a scare at the u.s. embassy in norway a month ag .
 paul walker 's scenes will be part of 'fast and furious 7 ' <sec> fans can expect to see the late paul walker in `` fast & furious 7 '' .  studio has confirmed that the actor will still be a part of the picture .  the actor died in a car accident before he finished filming the project .  the tragedy put in doubt whether the film could be completed at al .
 rep. john murtha dies after surgery complications <sec> new : source : complications came from doctors hitting intestines during surgery .  murtha had represented pennsylvania 's 12th congressional district since '74 .  watchdog groups considered longtime lawmaker one of `` the kings of pork '' on capitol hill .  ex-vietnam war vet stunned congress when he urged u.s. to pull out of iraq in 200 .
 officials and lawmakers see threat at home after paris - cnnpolitics.com <sec> republican lawmakers slammed obama 's foreign policy after a terror attack in paris .  meanwhile , u.s. agencies are scanning their databases and reassessing potential terror threats .  attorney general eric holder will head to paris sunday for a meeting on counterterrorism and foreign fighters .  rep. ted poe is introducing legislation to revoke the passports of americans who join terror organization .
 royal ascot : 300 years of horses , hats and high society <sec> britain 's most glamorous horse-racing event celebrates its tri-centenary this week .  royal ascot is the jewel in the crown of the english summer `` season '' .  queen elizabeth ii has been attending royal ascot since before her reign began .  the real spectacle of royal ascot is arguably the fashion -- in particular the hat .
 princess 'caught frolicking naked ' <sec> britain 's princess eugenie reprimanded for naked school frolic , reports say .  sixth in line to british throne involved in end of term `` high jinks , '' insiders say .  princess due to attend queen 's official birthday celebration .
 seaworld challenges ban limiting interaction between whale and trainer <sec> new : seaworld , osha make their cases before federal appeals panel .  seaworld lets visitors observe human interaction with killer whales , company says .  osha has cited seaworld for not having adequate safety precautions .  in 2010 , dawn brancheau was pulled underwater by a killer whale and drowne .
 the device that could change the internet <sec> adtrap is hardware that blocks internet ads before they reach your devices .  most ad blockers are software that has to be installed on each device .  excitement about the invention led to $ 200,000 raised on a kickstarter campaign .  the company has retained an attorney in case advertisers su .
 'year one ' polishes forbidden fruit in comedic poke at the bible <sec> `` year one '' stars jack black and michael cera as stone age men in bible .  director and co-writer harold ramis says the film uses comedy to make points .  biblical films are sometimes met with protest ; will `` year one '' qualify .
 anti-government extremist groups reach record levels , say experts <sec> 74-year-old `` patriot '' group founder says her granny warriors are harmless .  southern poverty law center : the number of such groups has risen by 7 % in the past year .  ex-fbi informant david gletty expects anti-government sentiment will worse .
 serena williams targets swift return after blood clot surgery <sec> new : serena williams targets a return to tennis in may or june after emergency surgery .  williams underwent an operation on a pulmonary embolism on monday .  the american remains under observation at the cedars-sinai medical center .  the 29-year-old has not played since winning her fourth wimbledon title in 201 .
 health magazine names top chain restaurant fare <sec> health magazine names top 10 chain restaurants for fresh , healthy food .  writers looked at 43 chains with more than 75 locations across the country .  experts ' favorite : uno 's chicago grill , with trans fat-free menu , many grilled entree .
 the hottest gadgets at world 's biggest mobile technology show <sec> among new gadgets showcased in barcelona is a processor that can deliver surround sound from a mobile phone .  sony 's new xperia tablet z is waterproof , making it idea for the bath or inclement weather .  ford has teamed up with spotify to bring the music-streaming service to some if its cars in europ .
 the future of christianity in china <sec> christianity , including catholicism , protestantism , growing fast in china .  rise of religion threatens the rule of the communist party .  chinese students barred from attending the asia youth day in korea .  chinese-style christian theology proposed by official .
 web wails as directv channels go dark <sec> subscribers take to web to bemoan directv viacom blackout .  a total of 26 channels went dark shortly before midnight tuesday .  stars of shows on the networks led the social-media charge complaining .  web tv alternatives could tide viewers over until the spat is resolve .
 microsoft will make xbox games without controllers <sec> microsoft unveils future video gaming system that does n't use controllers .  'project natal ' monitors full-body movements to control games , company says .  no launch date is given for the sensor , which will work with any xbox 360 console .  xbox users also will be able to send messages via facebook and twitte .
 park police can enforce camping ban , judge rules <sec> a man attempts to tear down the `` tent of dreams '' tarp ; protesters stop him .  a federal judge denies a restraining order on the camping ban .  washington protesters vow to stay strong despite a sleepless night .  over the weekend , protesters and police also clashed in oakland , californi .
 13 colombian soldiers killed by rebels <sec> two sergeants , 11 soldiers among the dead .  government , farc in the midst of peace talks .  farc still holding american hostag .
 florida highway patrol : some drivers did n't slow before crashes <sec> florida highway patrol releases its report on crashes .  it says drivers did n't heed caution on fog and smog from fire .  law enforcement department said policy changes neede .
 two years on , haiti still reeling from quake <sec> fabiola leocal lost her home and husband in the 2010 earthquake .  she is now living in the remnants of her home .  but about half a million haitians are still in camps .  the country 's new president acknowledges recovery will take tim .
 bolivia boots visiting iranian minister after argentina complains <sec> iranian defense minister ahmad vahidi was on an official visit to bolivia .  argentina has an arrest warrant for him .  he is wanted in connection with a bombing that killed 85 peopl .
 nigeria : islamic leader on way to funeral killed by militants <sec> emir of gwoza , other leaders were heading to funeral of another emir .  gunmen opened fire from hilltops overlooking highway , aide says .  state government says attackers believed to be boko haram militant .
 marc marquez sizzles in qualifying for motogp 's grand prix of americas <sec> reigning motogp world champion marc marquez is on pole sunday in austin .  marquez sets a record time in qualifying for grand prix of the americas .  he finishes nearly 0.3 seconds ahead of repsol honda teammate dani pedrosa .  jorge lorenzo and valentino rossi start fifth and sixth , respectivel .
