 new york mayor-elect bill de blasio 's family gives him lift <sec> not everyone is a fan , though mayor bloomberg vows to help with the transition .  biracial family of new york mayor-elect bill de blasio influences his campaign .  increasing visibility of de blasio clan resonates with new yorker .
 earthquakes strike waters south of philippines <sec> new : four earthquakes hit waters south of philippines .  new : three of the four have magnitudes above 7.0 .  no tsunami warning was immediately issue .
 'i just want people to die , ' seattle shooting suspect allegedly wrote <sec> new : ybarra 's double-barrel shotgun malfunctioned , prosecutor alleges .  ybarra allegedly considered other campuses for shooting before choosing spu .  aaron ybarra is charged with first-degree murder and two counts of attempted murder .  prosecutors will seek a special sentence of life in priso .
 for gop , it 's the social issues , stupid <sec> john avlon : conservatives say election about economy , not social issues . .  really ? .  avlon : gop at state and federal levels has put social issues ahead of economy repeatedly .  he says gop focuses on abortion , same-sex marriage , but runs from action on debt .  avlon : it 's clear in past 2 years social conservatism a driving force behind tea party rhetori .
 award will be exception to recent posthumous medals of honor <sec> u.s. army says of 3,467 medals of honor awarded , only 619 were awarded posthumously .  recently , more of the medals granted posthumously ; pentagon wanted that changed .  soon , staff sergeant who survived his act of heroism will receive the medal .  narrower recent conflicts , addition of other medals may have cut medal of honor award .
 u.s. jets escort russian bombers off alaska coast <sec> u.s. radar picks up the russian planes about 500 miles off the alaska coast .  the russians entered an air exclusion zone .  they are escorted out of the area without incident .  russian planes last came near the u.s. coastline in februar .
 tunisia extends state of emergency <sec> tunisia was the inspiration for the arab spring .  there 've been longstanding tensions since ben ali 's ouster .  the state of emergency extends through jun .
 how you can stop girls being maimed and abused <sec> many girls around the world have no protection from being raped and maimed by men .  some governments are taking action , but more needs doing , says kweskin .  individuals must lobby politicians to condemn so-called `` honor systems '' and countries that perpetuate them , says kweskin .  october 11 is the u.n. 's international day of the girl chil .
 growing up with smokers may cause lasting lung damage <sec> lungs of adults who had grown up with secondhand smoke had more `` holes '' .  many `` holes '' -- less dense areas of lung -- are characteristic of emphysema .  even though smoke-exposed lungs functioned fine , there 's concern for future health .  about 24 million people in the united states have emphysema , chronic bronchiti .
 arrests made in shooting of pakistani schoolgirl malala <sec> six arrests are made in the shooting of malala yousufzai .  police identify the main suspect as atta ullah khan ; his suspected role is unclear .  malala is in an english hospital , where doctors say she is making progres .
 pentagon spending out of hand ( opinion ) <sec> pentagon uses budgetary sleight of hand to evade spending caps , says william hartung .  levels of overfunding of the war budget have been astonishing , hartung says .  congress has responsibility to make pentagon justify every dollar of spending , he say .
 'call of duty ' creators seek to dismiss noriega lawsuit <sec> activision blizzard has filed a motion to dismiss manuel noriega 's lawsuit .  ex-new york city mayor rudy giuliani is representing the `` call of duty '' video games creator .  he calls the lawsuit `` absurd '' and a violation of free speech .  noriega says the video game damaged his reputation and he 's entitled to part of the profit .
 police : 2 americans arrested after death of irish woman in tokyo hotel room <sec> new : nicola furlong was an `` outgoing , bubbly '' girl , her parish priest says .  new : her rural irish community is devastated , the rev . .  jim fitzpatrick says .  the 21-year-old is found dead in a hotel room with one of the men , police say .  the death is believed to be a result of stranglin .
 taylor swift releases new song and video <sec> swift dropped `` shake it off '' on monday .  she announced her first `` official pop album '' .  there were accusations of racis .
 15 buffalo shot after day of chase in upstate new york <sec> 15 buffalo are shot on friday after escaping the day before from a farm in schodack , new york .  police helicopters fly overhead and nearby schools put on alert in the final moments of the chase .  the herd breaks through three layers of barbed wire fencing and crosses the hudson river during the escap .
 manhattan tops income inequality list ( opinion ) <sec> cnn 's john sutter looks at new income inequality data from the census .  new york county has the highest inequality level , according to the data .  east carroll , parish , louisiana , which sutter featured last year , drops to no . .  128 .  sutter celebrates the news as a sign that things are changing in that rural communit .
 china issues alerts as typhoon fitow approaches <sec> fitow battered okinawa .  it is forecast to make landfall in china on monday mornin .
 in venezuela protests , both sides draw battle lines , call for peace <sec> venezuelan opposition protesters push to maintain momentum .  the country 's attorney general says 13 people have died in clashes during protests .  supporters rally behind president maduro , who says he 's planning peace conferenc .
 two escaped murder suspects are captured 2 miles from arkansas jail <sec> quincy vernard stewart and cortez rashod hooper are caught in a vacant house .  they are murder suspects who escaped from a jail in arkansas .  the two men unsuccessfully tried to flee when officers entered the house .  one said , `` it was easy getting out . .  i 'll do it again , '' according to chief deput .
 afghan dog finds new life in britain <sec> bear the dog was born into poverty , had ears and tail chopped off for dogfighting .  unknown soldier in afghanistan first found bear last year .  royal marines made preparations with company and locals to transport dogs .  marine : `` it shows that the people of afghanistan and us , we can work together .
 california bill would ban orca shows at seaworld <sec> `` the premise behind this proposed legislation is severely flawed , '' seaworld says .  `` keeping orcas captive for human amusement must end , '' bloom says .  `` this is about greed and ... corporate exploitation , '' former seaworld trainer says .  assemblyman 's bill comes in the wake of cnn 's documentary `` blackfish .
 pentagon : seal 's book has classified info , did n't follow protocol <sec> questions raised about disclosing nature of seal training , operations .  navy seal commander unhappy about disclosures .  the pentagon alleges the book violates secrecy agreements .  the author 's lawyer disagrees and disputes the pentagon accoun .
 agent in cargo hold leads to emergency jet landing <sec> agent was taken to an area hospital as a precaution . .  he passed a drug test and was discharged , alaska airlines says .  the cargo hold is pressurized and temperature controlle .
 look to madd in changing our gun culture <sec> candace lightner : after my daughter was killed by a drunk driver , i started madd .  lightner : madd radically changed our society 's view toward drunk driving .  she says those who want to change our gun culture can look to madd 's strategy .  lightner : engage the media and harness the support that is pouring i .
 militants launch deadly attack on afghan governor 's compound <sec> new : 37 wounded in sunday 's attack , officials said .  new : attack leaves 25 people , including six militants , dead , officials say .  new : an isaf spokesman condemns the attac .
 some gays say obama has n't kept promises <sec> obama stops short of giving full health care coverage to same-sex partners .  president 's support for gay issues does n't go far enough , some say .  obama 's actions `` too little , too late , '' say gop gay leade .
 puppy bowl 2014 , by the numbers <sec> puppy bowl 2014 features 66 puppies traipsing the gridiron .  this year 's puppy bowl kitten halftime features keyboard cat .  last year 's puppy bowl drew 2.6 million viewer .
 canada 's house of commons extends afghan mission <sec> troops to stay until 2011 , with the stipulation that nato contribute more forces .  most of canada 's 2,500 troops in afghanistan are in kandahar province .  the canadian mission in afghanistan was to end next february .  critics say the cost has not been disclosed to parliament or the publi .
 panetta , dempsey defend u.s. response to benghazi attack <sec> aircraft `` was n't the right tool , '' dempsey says .  joint chiefs chairman and sen. mccain square off in testy exchange .  panetta says he did n't receive any specific threats related to benghazi before attack .  terror attack last september in benghazi killed u.s. ambassador , three other .
 opinion : is harry potter stamp un-american ? <sec> some stamp collectors are upset over a new line of harry potter stamps .  dean obeidallah : keep in mind that the postal service is in a financial mess .  he says popular stamps are preferable to higher deficits or drastic cuts in services .  obeidallah : the postal service should roll out some stamps that can make mone .
 who is indiana serial killer suspect darren deon vann ? <sec> police say darren deon vann admitted to killing 7 women in northern indiana .  he was arrested for threatening to burn up his girlfriend in 2004 ; got 90 days in jail .  vann was convicted of aggravated sexual assault in texas for raping , hitting woman .  authorities later categorized him as a `` low-risk '' sex offender ; he moved back to indian .
 remains for final costa concordia victim recovered <sec> the remains of the final costa concordia victim have been recovered .  thirty-two people lost their lives in the disaster .  the remains of russel rebello were found in a cabi .
 july 4 ceremony : military members become citizens <sec> president barack obama participates in a naturalization ceremony for military members .  the ceremony takes on greater impact as a debate rages about immigration reform .  thousands of immigrant children are flooding into the u.s. from central america .  buses with immigrants bound for detention centers have been met by angry protestor .
 officials : river crest at minot will hit record levels <sec> new : actor josh duhamel , who is from minot , appeals for public 's help .  officials warn that river crest will come sooner and be higher than expected .  city mayor and state governor congratulate residents on smooth evacuation .  evacuation orders cover a third of the minot area 's populatio .
 christian bookstore pulls bible from shelves , anti-abortion advocates celebrate <sec> lifeway said the sale of the bible violated its core values .  funds from the sale of the bible went to the susan g. komen foundation .  komen gives money to planned parenhood for breast cancer screening .  decision to pull bible wins praise from anti-abortion group .
 arts , politics mingle at annual kennedy center honors <sec> `` we 're just over the moon about this , '' one honoree says .  obama joins those in washington toasting this year 's kennedy center honorees .  they are barbara cook , neil diamond , sonny rollins , meryl streep and yo-yo ma .  the president says each has `` an extraordinary gift '' they 've shared with the worl .
 ukraine 's donetsk region asking to join russia , separatist says <sec> a cnn poll out monday finds backing for russia much lower than the vote tally .  separatists say people in donetsk voted to secede from ukraine .  nato secretary general blasts referendum as `` illegal '' .  acting ukrainian president oleksandr turchynov slams votes , calls referendum `` farce .
 egypt launches airstrikes in sinai after troop massacre <sec> dealing with sinai is a foreign policy test for egyptian president mohamed morsy .  strikes come after attack by gunmen wound five security officers and a civilian .  apache helicopters from the egyptian army fire rockets at armed militants ; at least 20 killed .  the violence comes just days after another attack in sinai that killed 16 egyptian soldier .
 in havana , u.s. turns off sign critical of cuban government <sec> sign 's deactivation comes as relations between u.s. , cuba improve .  electronic sign was put on u.s. interests section building in havana in 2006 .  sign ran quotes from u.s. heroes , blasted cuban government 's policies .  cuba erected billboards to block the sign ; billboards were taken down this yea .
 humperdinck : latest veteran to seek youth vote <sec> uk picks engelbert humperdinck as its entry for eurovision song contest .  decision to pick him for eurovision , which showcases emerging acts , raises eyebrows .  other reputations to be rehabilitated include tina turner , tammy wynette , sandy shaw .  music journalist paul stokes says best revivals were of artists who did not try too har .
 messi passes pele 's goal milestone <sec> lionel messi scores twice as barcelona beat mallorca 4-2 on sunday .  argentine forward moves past pele 's landmark 75 goals in a calendar year .  he now has nine more matches to beat the record set by gerd muller in 1972 .  messi 's rival cristiano ronaldo suffers eye injury in real madrid victor .
 rebooted gambling ad aims to save singapore 's blushes <sec> original ad campaign , which inadvertently predicted germany win , provokes worldwide mocking .  updated poster shows ongoing nature of problem gambling .  new legislation in 2006 liberalized the asian city 's gaming law .
 autopsy : lax rampage victim shot 12 times <sec> tsa officer gerardo hernandez was shot 12 times .  he was killed during a shooting at lax .  suspect paul ciancia is in custod .
 ohio man seeks trial over getting dui on motorized barstool <sec> kile wygle : `` it was just an accident . .  i mean a little minor accident '' .  barstool was welded to a small metal frame and lawnmower engine .  he crashed during his attempt at a u-turn while speeding down the street .  wygle told officers he had consumed 15 beer .
 china 's xi promises equal trade relations with africa <sec> china 's new president seeks to address unease over trade .  xi jinping visiting tanzania , south africa and republic of congo on first overseas trip .  chinese have built infrastructure in exchange for natural resources like oil .  some local leaders have questioned to what extent africa has benefite .
 cameron : we must focus on trade , taxes , transparency <sec> new : david cameron says the united states could learn from britain on deficit reduction .  he tells amanpour he has no regrets over promising a referendum .  he says the g8 will focus on free trade , fairer taxes and greater transparency '' .  we can be the generation that eradicates absolute poverty in our world , '' he say .
 cnn student news transcript - october 19 , 2012 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 jake tapper will anchor cnn 's 'state of the union ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> jake tapper will add the sunday show `` state of the union '' to his portfolio at cnn .  tapper also anchors `` the lead '' on weekday .
 pilot texting a factor in deadly copter crash <sec> medical helicopter crashed in missouri in 2011 , killing pilot and three others .  pilot engaged in private text conversation while preparing for doomed flight .  actions could influence federal rules on texting , phone calls by pilot .
 doctors give zsa zsa gabor 'one last shot ' before leg amputation <sec> new : the actress has not been told she may lose a leg .  doctors hope antibiotics can heal zsa zsa gabor 's deep leg lesion .  gabor 's leg would be amputated below the knee if the drugs fail .  gabor , 93 , has been unable to walk since a 2002 car cras .
 martin short 's wife has died <sec> martin short 's representative would not release details of his wife 's death .  paramedics were called to the couple 's home for a medical emergency saturday .  short , nancy dolman had been married for 30 years and had 3 childre .
 world leaders mark 15th anniversary of srebrenica massacre <sec> obama : massacre leaves `` stain on our collective conscience '' .  thousands watch burial of 775 recently identified genocide victims .  ratko mladic has been charged with genocide and remains a fugitive .  bosnian serb president radovan karadzic is now on trial at the tribunal in the hague .
 30 children among 160 killed in iraq bombings , interior ministry says <sec> death toll in baghdad double bombing rises to 160 .  bombs exploded outside government buildings in baghdad .  obama condemns bombings , pledges u.s. support for iraq electio .
 obama 'shocked ' by ray rice video <sec> white house chief of staff : `` the president was shocked '' by punching video .  lawmakers criticize the nfl and the league 's commissioner .  `` i 'm waiting to see if there is a major cover-up , '' senator say .
 zachary quinto on dating jonathan groff : 'i 'm incredibly happy ' <sec> zachary quinto opened up to out magazine about his relationship with jonathan groff .  quinto : `` i 'm incredibly happy , i 'm incredibly lucky '' .  the `` american horror story '' star is very politically active on twitte .
 justices deny appeal over reporter 's sources <sec> new york times journalist james risen has refused to testify in leak case .  it involves anonymous sources in an ongoing criminal investigation of a former cia officer .  a federal court has already ruled that he must testif .
 7 tips to get out of a career rut <sec> best-selling author harvey mackay : retrain your brain to get out of career rut .  study your corporate culture and your competition .  adjust your pace in changing times and consider going sideways for growth .  draw up your plans for future and measure your growt .
 common core , beware china test-prep culture ( opinion ) <sec> yong zhao : common core 's advocacy of more tests for students is not a great idea .  zhao : china 's education system is a test-prep machine , and that 's been problematic .  he says a testing culture stifles creativity , fosters spirit of compliance , imposes stress .  zhao : the lesson for u.s. is that china is trying to turn away from a test-oriented educatio .
 g-20 police : we wo n't tolerate violent protests <sec> police say they are planning one of their largest and most complex operations .  london 's 3 police forces under a single umbrella for the g-20 security plan .  `` unprecedented '' protests expected ahead of next thursday 's summit meeting .  protests include street party outside bank of england dubbed `` financial fools day .
 iconic carmaker 's grandson , detroit lions owner william clay ford dies <sec> william clay ford dies sunday at his home from pneumonia , car company says .  he had worked or been on the board at ford motor company for 57 years .  ford also owned the nfl 's detroit lions since 1963 .  son calls him a `` wonderful family man '' ; barry sanders says he was a `` visionary .
 police : nba legend bill russell arrested with gun at airport <sec> russell had handgun in the airport , authorities said .  russell played for the boston celtics .  he was awarded the presidential medal of freedom in 201 .
 nelson mandela funeral : what to expect as global icon is laid to rest <sec> new : mandela 's body reaches the village of qunu , in south africa 's eastern cape province .  anc leaders , local chiefs and the men in mandela 's family will hold a private vigil .  about 4,500 people will attend the funeral sunday on the family farm .  the funeral service will be followed by a smaller burial ceremon .
 syria education at risk <sec> shelly culbertson : at least half of syrian refugee kids not in school .  education is in crisis across the host countries , she say .
 sun-powered desert race : the world solar challenge <sec> the panasonic world solar challenge is currently crossing australia .  race involves cars powered exclusively by solar energy .  47 teams from 18 countries cover 3000 kms in 8 days .  solar-powered cars reach speeds of up to 147 kilometers per hou .
