 heat wave sweeps across u.s. northeast <sec> `` few areas ( will be ) below 90 degrees in the northeast , '' weather service says .  last year , the weather service reported 206 heat-related deaths nationwide .  in the past decade , heat has been the second-leading cause for weather-related death .
 increase in girls ' soccer in u.s. is a winning trend , participants say <sec> three decades ago , the u.s . .  youth soccer organization had 100,000 members .  today , membership is at more than 3 million .  and a growing number of those young players are girls , say parents , coaches and player .
 medical researcher convicted for fatally poisoning wife <sec> a pennsylvania jury convicts robert ferrante of murder in his wife 's death .  ferrante , who managed a scientific lab , bought cyanide just before she fell ill .  authorities say the wife , dr . .  autumn klein , was killed by cyanide poisoning .  a juror says : `` the facts were clear , and i could n't argue with them .
 hamilton wins british gp after rosberg fails to finish <sec> lewis hamilton wins british gp in front of home fans .  hamilton closes gap on title leader nico rosberg .  pole sitter rosberg fails to finish after gearbox problems .  valtteri bottas and daniel ricciardo complete podium position .
 bionics : from hollywood movies to life-changing reality <sec> ekso bionics has designed a bionic suit to give paraplegics the power to walk unaided . .  the robotic skeleton is a battery-powered outfit that is strapped over the user 's clothing . .  the company expects to sell up to 45 suits in the u.s. by the end of 2012 .
 american exposed to ebola headed to nebraska <sec> the health care worker was in sierra leone , one of the hotbeds of ebola .  the patient is not currently ill nor contagious , but had `` high-risk exposure '' to ebol .
 fda proposes new rules for arsenic levels in apple juice <sec> the fda proposes new limits for amounts of inorganic arsenic allowed in apple juice .  this is the first time the fda has set limits for arsenic levels in food or drink products .  long-term exposure to arsenic has been linked to various forms of cance .
 last 3 connecticut shooting victims laid to rest recalled as loving , special <sec> new : ana marquez-greene 's family says it is grateful for so much love and support .  ana is one of 3 children , all age 6 , buried -- the last burials for the school shooting victims .  emilie parker 's funeral was in utah ; josephine gray 's was at a church in newtown .  flags on sunday will rise to full staff in connecticut for first time since the massacr .
 caller : officer 's side of ferguson shooting <sec> brown rushed full speed at officer , an account called in to st. louis radio station claims .  a source with detailed knowledge of the investigation says the account is accurate .  autopsy suggests brown kneeling or bending forward when shot in head , lawyer say .
 pellegrini joins manager merry-go-round , saying he will quit malaga <sec> manuel pellegrini says he will stand down as malaga manager at the end of season .  the chilean says he is moving on for `` sporting reasons '' .  pellegrini has been tipped to succeed roberto mancini at manchester city .  uefa says it will not impose second-year ban on malaga after club meets financial rule .
 ohio state clinches playoff spot , big 12 left out <sec> in the semifinals on january 1 : alabama vs. ohio state and oregon vs. florida state .  controversy swirls as baylor and tcu miss out .  ohio state jumped into the final four by drubbing wisconsin in the big ten championship game .  big 12 is the only one of the five `` power conferences '' not to be in a championship gam .
 accidental outing of cia official could end a covert career <sec> new : `` to me , it 's unforgivable and the message has to be sent , '' rep. king tells cnn .  cia chief of station in afghanistan accidentally named in white house media report .  if forced to leave afghanistan , the official 's absence could hurt the u.s. mission .  analyst : `` they are going to have to pull him out .
 mid-atlantic storms leave trail of fallen roofs , power lines <sec> collapsed roof at fire station punctures a natural gas line , igniting the blaze .  snow expected to hit swath south .  children going back to school in new york after three snow days .  snow blamed for the collapse of at least 22 roofs in washingto .
 skeleton in bank chimney is of man missing since 1984 , police say <sec> joseph w. schexnider vanished at age 22 , when he was facing a stolen vehicle charge .  the remains were discovered in may by workers doing renovation on the bank building .  the chimney was too small at the bottom for him to gain entry into the building , police sa .
 harry potter actor jailed for 2 years over london riots <sec> jamie waylett played school bully vincent crabbe in six harry potter movies .  he was convicted of violent disorder during rioting in london last summer .  he pleaded guilty to handling stolen goods , court documents say .  video footage showed him carrying a petrol bomb , the judge say .
 smart syringe turns red to tell you it 's been used <sec> scavengers in india clean old syringes from landfill sites and sell them to clinics .  new syringe design changes color after use if it is contaminated .  the 'intelligent ink ' is projected to prevent more than 700,000 infections in five year .
 eva longoria 's happy life moves <sec> `` before i could afford a food delivery system , i 'd pack some snacks , '' eva longoria says .  `` now i like weight training and abs . .  i love abs . .  i hate the elliptical , '' she says .  longoria : `` after i shower , i put baby oil all over my body .
 riyo mori : mistress of the universe <sec> riyo mori says her grandmother convinced her to enter miss universe .  she says tokyo has a very mixed culture and the city never sleeps .  she wants to teach young people to be patient and happy , through dancing .  tokyo is a great place to shop -- especially ginza and harajuko , she say .
 isis ' british hostage was helping displaced syrians <sec> man threatened in isis video was working for french aid group acted .  david haines was abducted near aid camp in syria in march 2013 , acted says .  haines was logistics manager , in charge of securing food , other aid for thousands .  `` the threats on david haines ' life are intolerable , '' aid group say .
 celebrating elvis presley at denmark 's graceland <sec> elvis presley fan henrik knudsen has created a larger-than-life replica of graceland in denmark 's jutland region .  graceland randers features a $ 1.6 million-valued collection of elvis memorabilia .  the venue will mark elvis 's 80th birthday with a performance featuring some of the king 's old backing ban .
 29 killed in west virginia mine to be remembered 1 year after blast <sec> the upper big branch mine explosion killed 29 men .  it is the worst mining disaster in the united states since 1972 .  the mine had a spotty safety record .  tuesday 's ceremony will include state dignitaries and the victims ' relative .
 casey anthony trial ends early as judge says she 's ill <sec> new : anthony receiving medical attention in jail .  the judge did not give details of anthony 's illness .  she cried earlier thursday as photos of her daughter 's remains were shown .  she is accused of killing her daughter caylee , 2 , in 200 .
 taiwan 's expats seen as key in presidential poll <sec> taiwan heads to the polls on saturday to vote in presidential elections .  since ties with beijing have warmed , thousands of taiwanese businesses are based in china .  returning 'taishing ' could decide one of the closest polls on record .  tycoons have been chartering planes to fly employees back to vote in the electio .
 obama needed decisive win , did n't get it <sec> william bennett : denver debate was a game changer ; long island one was n't .  he says the president needed to score a convincing win but fell short of that .  bennett : obama was more energetic , but romney showed he 's a credible alternativ .
 twitter chase to hottest dining spots <sec> rain or shine , kogi fans wait in line to dine in parking lots at night .  two kogi trucks with korean-mexican fusion food roam streets of los angeles .  customers follow tweets on twitter to find the current location of trucks .  tacos cost $ 2 , and burritos , sliders and kimchi quesadillas cost $ .
 how media lose interest in gun control <sec> danny hayes : after newtown shooting , it seemed time was ripe for new gun control laws .  but congressional opposition has not wilted , hayes says .  he says after mass killings , media attention surges , public follows ; both quickly drop .  hayes : pattern same with newton , and gun control opponents count on i .
 madrid hit five to go top <sec> barcelona beat almeria 2-1 . .  almeria had led at half time . .  introduction of suarez turns game around . .  barcelona go one point clear , but madrid have game in hand .
 italy faces deadlock , uncertainty after divided vote <sec> new : `` we were n't able to see through to the end and win , '' berlusconi says of election .  parliamentary election results bring fears about weak government , economic woes .  `` nothing could be worse for europe , '' analyst james walston says of the stalemate .  a quarter of votes in the lower house go to a protest movement led by an ex-comedia .
 facebook a 'tool ' for cheating spouses , some say <sec> new : facebook responds to the idea of social-networking sites leading to divorces .  ken savage created a website after discovering his wife 's messages with an ex-boyfriend .  affairs conducted on the web are growing as social-networking sites grow .  study : 81 percent of divorce attorneys use evidence found on networking site .
 north korean envoy apologizes after diplomat caught with undeclared gold <sec> north korea apologizes to bangladesh after one of embassy 's diplomat caught with 59 pounds of gold .  gold was undeclared , says bangladeshi governmen .
 lorenzo wins british motogp to extend world championship lead <sec> jorge lorenzo wins british motogp at donnington .  victory extend his world championship lead .  reigning champion casey stoner finishes second .  home rider cal crutchlow secures brave sixth plac .
 australian open : seven things to look out for <sec> the australian open starts monday in melbourne .  rafael nadal makes his grand slam comeback .  serena williams seeks a 19th career major .  roger federer enters with momentum after 1,000th wi .
 ron artest will raffle off his new nba championship ring <sec> the nba bad boy credits a psychologist with turning around his life .  now ron artest wants to raise money for youths who ca n't afford mental health care .  he and the los angeles lakers just received their championship rings tuesday .  artest : `` having someone to talk to is very important .
 arrest made in missing california teen case <sec> new : forensic evidence led authorities to suspect , sheriff says .  new : police are still searching for sierra lamar 's body .  new : the suspect is also linked to a 2009 unsolved assault .  the suspect faces murder and kidnapping charge .
 border-fence dispute snares rare jaguars <sec> it is believed that jaguars in northern mexico total no more than 120 .  conservationists worry that border fence could prevent return of breeding jaguars .  homeland security officials have waived laws to make sure fence is completed .  agencies look for solution that enhances security while preserving wildlif .
 iconic coffee cup creator dies <sec> leslie buck , designer of new york 's iconic blue- and-white coffee cup , has died .  cup has appeared in film , tv , including `` law and order '' and `` sea of love '' .  he designed cup to honor greek diner owners who bought his products .  cup shows phrase 'we are happy to serve you '' , 2 cups , 2 greek amphora vase .
 isis speech : 10 questions for obama ( opinion ) <sec> newt gingrich : isis has awakened americans to threat of radical islamists .  he says president obama can rally nation in his speech if he answers key questions .  how will he define victory ? .  will military be given funds to carry out the fight properly ? .  gingrich says the u.s. needs to lead coalition vs. isis , and congress should vote on i .
 chris brown faces another 'con air ' trip after trial delay <sec> new : chris brown 's situation has `` gotten worse , '' a prosecutor says .  new : the singer is `` stuck between a rock and a hard spot , '' his lawyer says .  `` it 's a little over the top to have him in custody on this misdemeanor , '' lawyer says .  the assault trial is delayed until appeal from brown bodyguard is don .
 maxwell completes transfer to psg <sec> brazilian defender maxwell has completed his transfer to paris st germain .  the 30-year-old left-back joins on a three-and-a-half-year deal from barcelona .  maxwell made 57 league appearances for barcelona , winning 10 trophies in two year .
 what if we had no air security checks ? <sec> bob greene says prior to the '70s , u.s. commercial airports relied on trust .  until now , tsa faced few real challenges to airport security since 9/11 , he says .  have the new screening machines and pat-downs crossed the line ? .  greene asks .  a protest would pit americans trying to keep people safe against those who want to fl .
 opinion : why north korea regime is scary <sec> scott snyder : kim jong un ratchets up threats toward south korea and u.s. to record level .  snyder : bluff , followed by `` charm offensive , '' is typical strategy but kim gets closer to brink .  we do n't know what kim is trying to prove , snyder says , or what political events drive him .  snyder : south korea and u.s. are tired of chest-thumping and it 's not working anymor .
 shake hands with chavez but hold smiles , analyst says <sec> president obama , venezuelan president hugo chavez shake hands at summit .  gop senator : it 's `` irresponsible '' to be seen `` laughing and joking '' with chavez .  it 's ok to shake hands , but obama should n't seem too friendly , cnn analyst says .  responding to critics , obama says , `` i do n't worry about the politics .
 isis video claims to show child killing palestinian man <sec> a video claims to show the killing of mohamed said ismail musallam .  musallam 's family says isis recruited him .  isis claims the 19-year-old is an israeli sp .
 cnn student news learning activity and resources : hispanic heritage month <sec> students will investigate how hispanic americans have contributed to u.s. culture .  students will identify opportunities and challenges that exist for hispanics in america .  students can use videos and maps to further their understanding of hispanic heritag .
 supreme court allows federal stem cell research to continue <sec> court dismisses appeal that tried to block funding of stem cell research on human embryos .  scientists had sued the national institutes of health over the use of embryonic stem cells .  opponents of human embryonic stem cell research cite moral issues .  supporters say federal funding will help research ways to fight a range of illnesse .
 u.n. hears plan to clear syria of chemical weapons <sec> special adviser speaks to the u.n. security council ; team is in damascus this week .  sigrid kaag says destruction of chemical weapons facilities is to start this month .  she points out some sites were previously undisclosed to her group .  syrian ambassador to u.n. condemns coalition airstrikes in syri .
 an airplane in your garage ? <sec> anna dietrich : we depend on cars and planes for most transportation .  she says the highway system and commercial plane network limit mobility , choices .  dietrich and her colleagues are developing a plane that can drive legally on roads .  if the prototypes succeed , people will be able to park airplane in garage , she say .
 brennan defends al-awlaki drone strike as part of war with al qaeda <sec> john brennan says lethal targeting of terrorists is carried out legally .  drone campaign against al qaeda has been legacy of brennan as obama adviser .  lawmakers get classified document on drone policy .  brennan 's knowledge of harsh interrogations , leaks is scrutinize .
 new york governor to propose legalizing same-sex marriage <sec> assemblyman says governor 's office asked him to attend announcement of bill .  previous governor filed same bill , which passed assembly but not senate .  gov . .  paterson has said he is committed to `` full marriage equality in new york state '' .  `` we hope to have this bill passed at the end of june , '' assemblyman say .
 could congress go from bad to worse after election ? <sec> partisan bickering likely to continue after elections .  health care , economy remain wedge issues .  senate power shift could happen after 2012 electio .
 12 months , 12 amazing adventures <sec> vow to do something truly memorable on vacation this year .  see komodo dragons in indonesia or try sportfishing in panama .  go to burning man or bicycle through tuscan .
 cnn exclusive : analysis shows flight 370 crashed in indian ocean <sec> report : investigators suspect communications were manually switched off .  more investigators learn , `` the more difficult to write off '' human intervention , official says .  malaysian military radar shows drastic altitude changes , an official says .  a classified analysis calculates the flight crashed into the indian ocean , cnn learn .
 ex-coast guard chief : captain failed in every way <sec> james loy , retired admiral , says the reported behavior of costa captain is unfathomable .  he says ship captains have huge authority , responsibility , training to make good decisions .  he says costa captain made series of indefensible decisions , including abandoning ship .  loy : promotion system that put someone with poor judgment at helm needs repai .
 road rage suspect knew victim , husband says <sec> police say they are looking for at least one more suspect .  erich milton nowsch faces three felony charges , including murder .  tammy meyers who was shot in front of her home last week knew suspect , husband say .
 france to face wales in world cup semis as england and ireland exit <sec> france end england 's world cup hopes with 19-12 win in quarterfinals .  les bleus avenged 2007 semifinal loss to england on home soil .  victory sets up semifinal clash with wales , who defeat ireland 22-10 .  group c winners suffered first defeat of the tournament in new zealan .
 wall street is back in charge of congress ( opinion ) <sec> congress passed a spending bill that repealed a critical rule in the dodd-frank law .  rick mcgahey : essentially , it means wall street is back in charge .  repeal of provision means risk of banks ' transactions will be passed to taxpayers , he says .  mcgahey : repeal provision was basically from a memo written by lobbyists for citiban .
 israel , palestinians launch sustained peace talks <sec> new : kerry says he will be the only person authorized to provide information on the talks .  secretary of state kerry says the talks seek a final status agreement in nine months .  israel agrees to release some palestinian prisoners .  obstacles include agreeing on the status of jerusale .
 nascar 's tony stewart hits , kills driver kevin ward jr . <sec> `` all options remain available , '' sheriff says .  video shows stewart 's car hitting kevin ward jr. as he walked on track near vehicle .  tony stewart says he ca n't describe how sad he is after the acciden .
 deadheads share tie-dyed memories as band plans new tour <sec> ireport.com : grateful dead tributes shared as band plans new tour in 2009 .  mark goldfarb met his wife at a dead concert and drove a volkswagen bus .  craig rutman has seen more than 200 shows and met the band members .  steve maaske says now is the perfect time for a tour after the historic electio .
 denmark 'happiest ' country in the world <sec> group 's survey factors in economic growth , democracy , social tolerance .  top 10 include seven european nations , colombia , puerto rico , canada .  u.s. ranked no . .  16 ; zimbabwe , moldova , armenia ranked at botto .
 pedrosa edges lorenzo in qualifying at san marino motogp <sec> spanish rider pips his compatriot jorge lorenzo to pole by less that two hundredths of a second .  britain 's cal crutchlow will start sunday 's race from third on the grid .  pedrosa looking to close lorenzo 's 13-point lead at top of championship standing .
 federal court oks controversial full-body scans , orders public review <sec> a u.s. appeals court weighs in on a lawsuit against the tsa over full-body scanners .  the panel rules the machines do n't violate protections against unreasonable searches .  judges find the tsa did not go through the right process before deploying the machine .
 cuban court convicts 15 in airline corruption case <sec> a chilean businessman had close ties to the government .  he was president of an agency jointly owned by the cuban state and chilean investors .  the 14 cubans were convicted because they received `` cash bribes and personal perks .
 car crash caught on camera sparks south korean government investigation <sec> a car suddenly accelerated as a couple drove to a store .  their son posted rearview camera video from the drive and subsequent crash .  south korean ministry is investigating claim of sudden unintended acceleration .  hyundai declines interview request , says national forensic service also is investigatin .
