 kremlin critic mikhail khodorkovsky applies for swiss visa <sec> new : russian supreme court reportedly orders review of his past cases .  a spokesman for khodorkovsky says he has no long-term plans to settle in switzerland .  greenpeace international says 30 of its activists will leave russia soon .  moves are seen as part of a public relations offensive with olympics coming u .
 why pumpkin fest riots are not like ferguson <sec> experts say what happened in keene was a riot ; ferguson is a political movement .  and yet pumpkin fest violence prompted important debate about racial perception .
 jindal blows off low cnn poll numbers <sec> louisiana governor says he 's not worried about a poll showing low support in new hampshire .  he says he will decide whether to run for president after november 's midterm elections .  bobby jindal unveils an energy plan to reporters at a christian science monitor breakfast .  he calls barack obama the worst president since jimmy carte .
 6 ways to boost hawaii 's voter turnout <sec> hawaii has the lowest voter turnout rate in the country .  cnn 's change the list aims to boost turnout there .  the new project is led by cnn 's john d. sutter .  here are six solutions to the state 's low civic participatio .
 police check whether officer drew gun during snowball fight <sec> plainclothes police officer accused of drawing gun at snowball fight in washington , d.c . .  `` images and statements ... would seem to support the allegation , '' police say .  about 200 people were in snowball fight when officer 's vehicle was hit , police say .  police : separate , uniformed officer held a gun while checking report of armed perso .
 'walk-on-water ' with affordable sailing toys <sec> mainsail profiles six top water-toys for cheaper fun in the water this summer .  the seabob scooter can propel a person through the water like a fish .  the iceberg wall is the ultimate water toy for the whole famil .
 'duck dynasty ' star makes modeling debut at new york fashion week <sec> sadie robertson from `` duck dynasty '' walked in her first show .  her family came out to support her at new york fashion wee .
 david moyes ' imperfect storm : from the chosen one to the sacked one <sec> david moyes is dismissed after less than a year in charge of english league titleholder .  the scot was personally endorsed by outgoing manager alex ferguson .  moyes ' united slipped to 11th league defeat against his former club everton on sunday .  united will not feature in european champions league for first time since 199 .
 source : justin bieber granted re-entry after plane searched in nj <sec> justin bieber has been granted re-entry into the united states , a source tells cnn .  bieber was interviewed for several hours at a new jersey airport , the source says .  bieber 's private plane was searched after officers said they smelled pot , sources sa .
 airline defends 5-passenger flight <sec> environmental groups angry with american airlines after five-passenger flight .  the passengers were unable to be rebooked after flight delayed by 14 hours .  aa says canceling flight would have left many more stranded in london next day .  the transatlantic flight did carry a full cargo load , according to the airlin .
 lenovo to cut 2,500 jobs , restructure <sec> chairman of the board cites last quarter 's below-expectations performance .  job cuts to include management and executive positions .  company is ranked as the world 's no . .  4 pc maker .  lenovo anticipates taking pre-tax restructuring charge of approximately $ 150 millio .
 libyan forces sock oil port as global pressure against gadhafi grows <sec> new : gadhafi 's government suspends diplomatic relations with france , a minister says .  new : the u.s. broadens its sanctions , freezing assets of gadhafi 's relatives and officials .  the eu council calls for gadhafi 's departure .  pro-gadhafi forces steadily bombarded the oil port city of ras lanu .
 why christian bale wo n't be seeing 'newsies ' <sec> christian bale starred in the 1992 film `` newsies '' .  bale says he has no desire to see the musical based on the movie .  `` newsies the musical '' opened on broadway last march to sell-outs and acclai .
 behind the scenes : inside jackie chan 's den <sec> rare treat to film in jackie 's hong kong den .  personal office looked like organized chaos and revealed his many collections .  action superstar was still raring to go after exhausting five-hour shoo .
 fisherman files restraining order against bp <sec> order asks bp from destroying evidence taken from ill workers .  john wunstell jr. wants oil company to provide masks to workers cleaning up oil .  bp is not commentin .
 obama signs food safety bill <sec> new : president obama signs the food safety bill .  the bill allows for greater governmental regulation of the u.s. food system .  the food and drug administration will be able to issue direct recalls of foods .  the bill includes the biggest overhaul of the food safety system since 193 .
 venezuelan army backs chavez amid uncertainty <sec> new : political tensions in venezuela spill over into a regional meeting .  the armed forces will defend the supreme court 's decision on the presidency .  the court said chavez remains president and can be sworn in at a later date .  the army has `` unconditional loyalty '' to chavez , the defense minister say .
 webber claims f1 lead with hungary win as vettel pays for error <sec> mark webber overtakes previous leader lewis hamilton in the f1 drivers ' standings .  australian claims his fourth win of 2010 in hungary as red bull move above mclaren .  his teammate sebastian vettel hit with 25-second penalty for error while safety car was out .  german finishes third behind fernando alonso , having led by 12 seconds from pol .
 'body snatchers ' actor kevin mccarthy is dead at 96 <sec> mccarthy died of natural causes in massachusetts .  mccarthy was in hundreds of movies , tv shows , stage plays .  he won a golden globe and got an oscar nod for `` death of a salesman .
 being ex-president can be lucrative gig <sec> ex-presidents receive an annual pension , health care , paid official travel , an office .  recent former presidents have made millions after leaving office by writing books .  since 2001 , former president clinton has earned $ 75.6 million giving speeches .  president obama 's `` dreams from my father '' was only a modest success initiall .
 the making of the 'first 100 days ' <sec> franklin roosevelt used his first 100 days to launch the new deal .  roosevelt , like president obama , took office during an economic crisis .  roosevelt quickly acted on 15 major bills .  obama has bold agenda , but little legislation to show for i .
 152 soldiers sentenced to die for mutiny in bangladesh <sec> some defense attorneys plan to appeal the sentences .  74 people were killed in the 2009 takeover of the bangladesh rifles headquarters .  civilians were also prosecuted in connection with the mutiny , including two lawmakers .  as many as 850 people were initially charged after the mutin .
 real madrid rally to move clear of barcelona in spanish league <sec> real madrid go three points clear of barcelona with 3-1 victory over sporting gijon .  leaders have to come from behind before clinching 14th successive home league win .  barcelona can draw level on points with victory at real zaragoza on sunday .  fourth-placed sevilla end miserable week with 2-0 defeat by espanyo .
 shania twain spills new album details <sec> shania twain is working on her first album since 2002 's `` up ! '' .  the singer says she has most of the songs in place and is looking at producers .  over the last year , she 's listened to a lot of lana del rey .  the new album will show twain 's evolution while holding on to her root .
 cnn student news - september 8 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 evra ruled out for minimum three weeks <sec> manchester utd defender patrice evra sidelined for minimum of three weeks .  frenchman hurt ankle ligaments during 3-0 premier league win over chelsea .  england defender rio ferdinand is out for another week with a back proble .
 pets and people buried together <sec> people and their pets can be laid to rest together at cemetery in england .  owner : more than 30 people already buried with pets ; 100 more plots reserved .  future customer : `` i 'm so sick of people saying that 'it was just a dog or a cat ' '' .  anthropologist : very old practice fell out when christianity became institutionalize .
 high court lets same-sex marriages in california continue <sec> court turns aside emergency request from supporters of california 's prop 8 .  justice kennedy , acting on his own , rules same-sex marriages can continue .  prop 8 backers say the appeals court ignored traditional 25-day waiting period .  supreme court ruling last week threw out on jurisdictional grounds a suit defending prop .
 mpaa shuts down 50+ torrent sites <sec> mpaa shuts down 12 torrent websites in the u.s. and at least 39 sites abroad .  names of the sites remain unknown but major players seem to be unaffected .  torrent and file-sharing sites have even taken to hiring lobbyist .
 suspect in google exec 's death linked to ga. overdose <sec> in georgia incident , tichelman described her boyfriend as overdosing .  forrest timothy hayes , 51 , was found dead on his california yacht in november .  police say alix tichelman , 26 , was seen on video footage on yacht .  authorities say she injected hayes with heroin and left casually as he was dyin .
 new 'avengers ' trailer sends us on a dark journey <sec> `` avengers : age of ultron '' debuted new trailer monday night .  superhero team 's battle with ultron looks to be brutal .  new look at movie 's special effect .
 no answers in disappearance of new orleans teacher <sec> terrilynn monette was last seen 11 days ago at a bar in new orleans ' lakeview area .  friends : she was celebrating `` teacher of the year '' nomination when she vanished .  principal : `` she is very loving with her students . .  they are a family '' .  mom : `` i just want my baby back . .  i just want her home .
 'bachelorette ' contestant eric hill dies after paragliding mishap <sec> eric hill interrupted his `` global odyssey '' to compete in `` the bachelorette '' .  hill 's parachute partially collapsed , slamming him into a hillside sunday .  he was on a mission to visit `` every country in world record time '' .  his episodes on the abc reality show premiere may 1 .
 cnn student news transcript - september 23 , 2011 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 flooding in north carolina kills 2 <sec> search crews find body of a 48-year-old swimmer from huntersville .  kayakers find girl who drowned in a swollen catawba county creek .  first responders conduct swiftwater rescues to help people out of homes , car .
 atlanta airport grooving to clean music <sec> visitors to atlanta 's airport will hear some familiar classics .  older r & b hits reworked to promote airport cleanliness .  original artists re-record songs meant to gently prompt passengers .  airport also using scent to help relax visitor .
 togo opposition vows sex strike amid anti-government protests <sec> government official says a majority of detained protesters have been freed .  demonstrators take to the streets in lome to protest electoral reform .  the sex strike is to protest the arrest of demonstrators ahead of parliamentary elections .  the elections are set for octobe .
 who 's paying for the ground zero islamic center ? <sec> rick lazio says the imam behind the planned islamic center refused to call hamas terrorist .  lazio : other associations also make him wary of center 's funding sources .  he says new yorkers have a right to know where money is coming from to feel safe .  lazio : the state attorney general should request cordoba initiative open its book .
 concerns mount over impact of nepal earthquake <sec> earthquake scientists have been expecting major event in nepal since 1934 .  population density , weak building infrastructure amplified damage , usgs spokesman says .  `` this event , while large and tragic , is not unusual '' in region , geological engineer say .
 israeli forces clash with palestinian protesters marking land day <sec> advocate says 14 palestinians , including 2 children , arrested in east jerusalem .  one protester dies and at least 37 are injured in gaza , palestinian medical sources say .  17 palestinians were hurt during protests in qalandia , a senior doctor says .  the protests are an expression of what palestinians consider discriminatory israeli policie .
 james patterson : the world 's busiest best-selling writer <sec> james patterson currently has three books on the best-seller lists .  patterson turns out 10 books a year , with help from co-writers .  his latest , `` guilty wives , '' arrives in stores next wee .
 venus goes out as serena , federer continue hunt for gold <sec> venus williams suffers surprise defeat to german angelique kerber .  gold medal favorites serena williams and roger federer progress .  local hero andy murray drops first set , recovers to make quarter final .  sharapova advances as she looks for missing gold meda .
 ryder cup : captain tom watson brings lessons for twitter generation <sec> veteran tom watson is the united states ' 2014 ryder cup captain .  the eight-time major champion last skippered the u.s. team in 1993 .  that victory in england is the last time the u.s. won on european soil .  the 2014 ryder cup starts at gleneagles in scotland on frida .
 britain 's david cameron makes 11th hour push for middle east contracts <sec> david cameron says sale of bae eurofighter typhoon does not have to close this week .  about 230,000 jobs , government officials suggest , are directly linked to aerospace .  prime minister has not hid his desire to advance relations with the middle eas .
 obsessions : how abc 's 'revenge ' snuck up on us <sec> modern day `` count of monte cristo '' reels audiences in with love/hate characters .  amanda clarke , disguised as emily thorne , returns to the hamptons to take revenge .  abc was lucky to find a new female-driven drama that resonates with viewer .
 niagara falls daredevil wallenda skywalks over florida highway <sec> new : nik wallenda was not wearing a safety tether , and no net was below him .  new : thousands watched the 600-foot-long high-wire walk in sarasota , florida .  he garnered headlines last year by walking across niagara falls .  wallenda is the first person in recent history to cross over the actual fall .
 rubio : 'we 're going to abide ' by law on gay marriage - cnnpolitics.com <sec> marco rubio said americans should `` abide '' by a supreme court decision if it rules gay marriage is constitutional .  local officials have no choice but to abide by federal courts ' decisions to overrule gay marriage bans , he added .  rubio said jeb bush 's decision on 2016 wo n't dissuade him from runnin .
 bolivia weighs regulating social media <sec> bolivia 's vice president says he tracks who insults president evo morales online .  lawmakers from morales ' party say they want to regulate social media .  bolivian opposition leaders say the government is authoritarian , aims to censor critic .
 bidding under way for unabomber 's personal effects <sec> ted kaczynski 's personal items are offered in an online auction .  kaczynski , the `` unabomber , '' killed three people and wounded 23 others .  the auction will benefit the four victims who are seeking restitution .  items include books , letters , photographs and clothin .
 polygamist leader jeffs critical but responsive , prison officials say <sec> prison officials say jeffs is sedated but not comatose .  he is in critical condition but expected to recover , a prison spokeswoman says .  jeffs has not been eating , prison officials and jeffs ' attorney say .  jeffs was sentenced to life plus 20 years for sexual assaul .
 15 quirky hotels around the world <sec> the most memorable hotels do n't always come with five stars .  idaho 's dog bark park inn is shaped like a nine-meter-high beagle .  desert palace meets bedrock at egypt 's magical adrere amellal .  near a nature reserve , the balancing barn in suffolk , uk , sleeps eigh .
 'breaking dawn -- part i ' barely misses franchise record with $ 139.5 mil weekend <sec> `` breaking dawn '' earned $ 72 million on friday ( the third-best opening day ever ) .  `` happy feet two , '' fell far short of expectations by dancing to only $ 22 million .  the 3-d action flick `` immortals '' dropped a harsh 62 percent for $ 12.3 millio .
 opinion : a tale of two economies , one for rich and one for poor <sec> sally kohn : jobs report for january shows tepid growth .  she says divide between rich and poor shows failure of supply-side economic theory .  tax cuts for wealthy have n't led to a surge in investment , more middle-class jobs , she says .  kohn : spending and saving by the rich flourish , while the 99 % find it harder to thriv .
 labor secretary : 'damage done ' by port strike - cnnpolitics.com <sec> tom perez to cnn : port strike wo n't cause permanent damage to economy .  perez : 'i 'm confident that we can recover quickly .
 webb opens , closes vacant senate session <sec> democratic senators will hold short `` pro forma '' sessions over the holiday break .  sessions usually under one minute long .  move prevents president bush from making recess appointments .  bush refused to withdraw one controversial nominee after democratic offe .
 boaters missing in lake michigan , coast guard says <sec> the coast guard searches for missing boaters in lake michigan near chicago .  rescuers also pull boaters from the water near michigan city , indiana .  temperatures in the lake are lower than normal , the coast guard say .
 veterinarian posts fb photo of cat shot with arrow <sec> dr. kristen lindsey has since removed the post of her holding the dead cat by an arrow .  her employer fired her ; the sheriff 's office is investigating .  activist offers $ 7,500 rewar .
 bono : 'i have glaucoma ' <sec> bono tells graham norton he wears glasses for his glaucoma .  eye ailment can lead to blindness , but bono says he 's fine .  `` you 're not going to get this out of your head now , '' he sai .
 israel approves temporary settlement freeze <sec> security cabinet voted 11-2 in favor of the measure which calls for a 10-month freeze .  israel under pressure -- particularly from united states -- to halt settlement construction .  continued construction a key stumbling block in restarting israeli-palestinian peace talks .  palestinian pm salam fayyad said proposed freeze would be inadequat .
 to fix government , call in the geeks <sec> jennifer pahlka : a new generation has the potential to reinvent government .  her program puts software experts in city halls , leading to a flurry of innovation .  she says projects that would have taken years and millions can be done cheaply in months .  pahlka : to overhaul government , electing leaders is n't enough ; bureaucracy must be change .
 top u.s. military officer arrives in pakistan <sec> adm. michael mullen to meet with pakistan 's new prime minister and military chief .  relations between u.s. and pakistan tense since u.s. raid in pakistani tribal region .  suicide attack kills 3 soldiers , wounds 6 others in pakistan region of swa .
 review of u.s. lung transplant policy unlikely to save girl 's life <sec> transplant policy change could take 2 years ; girl needs lung transplant within weeks .  health secretary kathleen sebelius seeks review of lung transplant policy for children .  children are n't prioritized for adult lungs .  meanwhile , a 10-year-old pennsylvania girl in need of a lung fights for her lif .
 vonn injured in giant slalom fall <sec> world cup overall leader lindsey vonn crashes out of giant slalom in lienz .  vonn severely bruises her left arm as mri scan reveals no break .  she retains lead in the overall world cup standings as nearest rival maria riesch also went ou .
 rap music mogul 'suge ' knight arrested outside california restaurant <sec> marion `` suge '' knight was arrested late friday at a suburban l.a. shopping mall .  police say he was detained after failing to appear in court on a traffic violation .  knight was arrested , booked and issued a citation , a process that took an hour .  the co-founder of death row records has had several run-ins with the la .
