 abusive or protective ? kennedy 's son on trial over alleged assault of nurses <sec> new : a nurse testifies that douglas kennedy twisted her arm and kicked another nurse .  new : the defense questions the nurse 's motives and calls her `` abrasive , confrontational '' .  new : judge will decide case against kennedy , who is charged with harassment and child endangerment .  he is the son of the late sen. robert f. kenned .
 soldier returns from afghanistan to learn his beloved dog is gone <sec> 1st lt. brandon harker left last year for afghanistan , leaving his dog with a `` good friend '' .  the dog was gone when he returned ; he does n't know if it was sold or given away .  harker uses craigslist to ask for help : `` i 'd just like him back , safe and sound '' .  the yellow lab , oakley , loves to play and snuggle with whomever , wheneve .
 u.n. report highlights 'unspeakable atrocities ' in north korea <sec> united nations inquiry looking into human rights violations in north korea .  the rights probe documented `` unspeakable atrocities '' after witness interviews .  commission listened to prison camp survivors who suffered through childhoods of starvation .  north korea has rejected this testimony as `` slander '' put forward by `` human scum .
 record prize money for wimbledon victors <sec> wimbledon has announced record prize money for this year 's tournament .  the winners of the men 's and women 's singles titles will take home $ 1.7 million .  the 2010 winners , rafael nadal and serena williams , collected $ 1.6 millio .
 marathon des sables : winners survive 'toughest race on earth ' <sec> mohamad ahansal and meghan hicks are the winners of this year 's marathon des sables .  the epic race , taking place in the southern moroccan desert , is billed as the toughest footrace on earth .  runners had to cover more than 220 kilometers over six stage .
 most families in nusoor square killings join blackwater settlement <sec> families of slain offered $ 100,000 to settle lawsuit , survivor of shooting says .  blackwater guards protecting a convoy opened fire in baghdad in october 2007 .  seventeen people were killed ; security firm said guards came under fire .  guard pleaded guilty to voluntary manslaughter ; charges dismissed against five other .
 twin babies mauled in london fox attack <sec> twin girls were asleep in upstairs bedroom when attack occured .  nine-month-olds ' condition described as `` serious but stable '' .  fox caught in trap at property has been destroyed .  hackney council says no past reports of foxes attacking resident .
 bus overturns in bronx ; 14 dead <sec> new : police are interviewing driver of another vehicle that was traveling near the area .  7 passengers were extracted by removing seats and cutting a hole cut in the roof .  the tour bus was on the new england thruway in new york city .  eight people suffered severe injuries , police sa .
 u.s. soldier captured by taliban : 'i 'm afraid ' <sec> soldier from idaho says he 's frightened he wo n't be able to see family again .  u.s. military : pfc . .  bowe r. bergdahl , 23 , was captured june 30 from paktika province .  taliban commander : taliban will kill him if foreign troops keep targeting civilians .  he was taken by members of the taliban , the military say .
 7 of america 's hottest hotel restaurants <sec> hotel restaurants have been getting increasingly sophisticated since the mid-90s .  china poblano marries chinese and mexican food at the cosmopolitan in las vegas .  redd wood at the north block hotel has the recipe for a perfect afternoon in napa valley .  southern art at the intercontinental in atlanta features an `` artisanal ham bar .
 monty python says goodbye <sec> `` monty python live ( mostly ) '' concluded sunday .  show was live in london , simulcast all over world .  group looked like it was having fun , did n't break new groun .
 florida governor announces run for senate <sec> gov . .  crist says the country is `` facing the most profound public policy questions '' .  crist , a popular governor in florida , ran unsuccessfully for senate in 1998 .  crist was immediately endorsed by the senate republican campaign arm .  former state house speaker marco rubio declared his intention to run last wee .
 same-sex marriage : who will legalize it next ? <sec> the netherlands was first country to legalize same-sex marriage in 2001 .  several countries have pending legislation and may join that group soon .  uruguay and vietnam are among the leading candidate .
 four more arrested in juarez house party massacre <sec> heriberto martinez , member of a juarez street gang , was arrested last sunday .  others arrested were luis alberto camacho ramos , jesus bustos renteria , alfredo arias .  juarez mayor said many of city 's criminals had been deported from the united state .
 what 's pinching woman 's bottom got to do with cycling ? <sec> belgium cycling tournament scraps poster of podium girl 's bum .  sparks global debate about sexism in cyclin .
 vitesse dent ajax 's dutch title bid <sec> second-placed ajax held 2-2 at home by vitesse arnhem in dutch eredivisie .  the amsterdam side now trail league leaders psv eindhoven by five points .  psv defeated excelsior 2-0 on saturday to open up six-point gap at to .
 what michael brown 's autopsy tells us ( opinion ) <sec> judy melinek : medical examiners act as quality control over law enforcement agencies .  melinek : body diagram of michael brown suggests he was facing the officer , leaning forward .  she says as doctors who perform the autopsy , medical examiners speak for the dead .  melinek : public should trust medical examiners ' report since they act independen .
 'no yelling , just silence , shooting , ' witness says <sec> new : survivor did n't hear screams , just `` shooting , silence , shooting , silence '' .  new : former co-worker describes shooting suspect as `` quiet , '' not violent .  law enforcement finds 14 dead in immigration center , 37 survivors .  shootings occurred at american civic association , which helps immigrants , refugee .
 pirates release chemical tanker after 4 months <sec> the mv hannibal 's crew is safe and in good health , the ship owner says .  the waters off somalia are dangerous for ships due to pirac .
 is an apple-nike partnership on the way ? <sec> as nike pulls back from fuelband , apple speculation emerges .  the companies have ties , from apple ceo on down .  analyst says it makes sense for nike to leave hardware to others .  a long-rumored apple `` iwatch '' could come this yea .
 fda bans generic versions of original oxycontin pills <sec> `` the benefits of original oxycontin no longer outweigh its risks , '' fda says .  the drug is attractive to abusers who crush it to snort , or melt and inject it .  reformulated pills from purdue pharma make the drug more difficult to abuse .  any generic version seeking approval should be based on the new formula , fda say .
 feds : company agrees to pay $ 150 million over medicaid fraud charges <sec> maxim healthcare services is a leading provider of home health services in the u.s . .  prosecutors say the company submitted more than $ 61 million in fraudulent billings .  maxim says it has instituted reforms and remedial action at the company , including firings .  the company says previous actions `` did not adversely affect patient health ... or care .
 brooks testifies about paying public official at phone hacking trial <sec> editor rebekah brooks testifies all week in phone hacking trial .  `` they were asking for money in return for the information '' .  official says government covered up saddam hussein 's anthrax plot .  brook is one of seven defendants in the cas .
 high tide alert for india 's financial capital <sec> india 's financial capital of mumbai put on a high-tide alert .  officials expect a water rise of up to 197 inches ( 5 meters ) .  sea tides expected to rise 5 meters friday , 4.9 meters saturday , 4.7 meters sunday .  high tides also forecast from august 19 to 2 .
 same-sex marriage in massachusetts , 4 years later <sec> david wilson , rob compton were among first same-sex couples to marry in 2004 .  at least 48 same-sex divorces , which are hard to track , have been reported .  california will become second state in nation to allow same-sex matrimon .
 nickolas ashford of motown duo ashford and simpson dies <sec> ashford was married to valerie simpson , his partner in ashford and simpson .  they wrote songs such as `` ai n't no mountain high enough '' and `` i 'm every woman '' .  the two also performed themselves ; their hits included `` solid ( as a rock ) '' .  the couple were inducted into the songwriters hall of fame in 200 .
 sagging wisconsin bridge snarls traffic in green bay <sec> 400-foot section of wisconsin bridge suddenly sags .  state officials close the bridge before anyone gets hurt .  the bridge is n't in danger of collapse , state officials sa .
 has hillary clinton gotten her groove back ? <sec> hillary clinton helped democrats campaign during the 2014 midterm .  clinton found a voice campaigning for other democrats and honed what will likely be her 2016 message .  clinton 's republican detractors also grew and learned how to effectively attack clinto .
 grand national : did 'gentleman jockey ' sam waley-cohen save royal relationship ? <sec> sam waley-cohen is credited with getting prince william and kate middleton back together .  the amateur jockey will ride one of the favorites in saturday 's prestigious grand national .  but he also runs a multimillion-dollar dental business throughout the uk .  he rides with the initials of his dead brother in his saddle after his death from cance .
 'sex ' actor : being a bad patient can save your life <sec> actor evan handler says `` bad '' patients do better for themselves .  nurses tried to give him drugs to which he 'd had `` horrendous adverse reactions '' .  he forged a doctor 's signature on authorization slips to get faster test result .
 frozen remains of wwii airman identified <sec> u.s. military identifies frozen remains as those of a world war ii airman .  ernest g. munn had been missing since his training flight disappeared in 1942 .  hikers found the body in a californian glacier last year .  the body had long wavy hair and an unopened parachute lay nearb .
 'cinderella ' shines at the box office <sec> live-action retelling of `` cinderella '' has an estimated box office debut of $ 70.1 million .  liam neeson 's latest thriller , `` run all night , '' opens in soft second plac .
 drug executive defies race and gender <sec> dr freda lewis-hall is the senior physician at drug company pfizer .  as chief medical officer , she is responsible for regulating the company 's medical work .  editor of book on treatment of psychiatric disorders disproportionately affecting women .  a psychiatrist trained at johns hopkins and howard university , she has three childre .
 jay-z wins at everything : his new album tops album charts <sec> the rapper just scored his 13th no . .  1 album .  he also had the most first-week streams on spotify .  jay-z 's stadium tour begins this weeken .
 police : parishioners tackle gunman after church shooting <sec> new : the suspect specifically targets church clergy , police say .  the man 's wife is among the shooting victims .  police are working to determine a possible motive .  the pastor and associate pastor are being treated at a lakeland hospita .
 the trouble with apple 's touch id fingerprint reader <sec> apple 's fingerprint sensor on the iphone 5s does n't always work the way it should .  some iphones do n't approve fingerprints they 're supposed to approve .  sensor is susceptible to problems caused by dust , moisture , and electrostatic discharge , .  user error could also be causing some people 's issues with the touch id syste .
 hussein 's iraq and al qaeda not linked , pentagon says <sec> joint forces command report : no link between saddam hussein , al qaeda .  interviews with former iraqi leaders , 600,000 iraqi documents were reviewed .  president bush cited a link in the runup to the 2003 u.s.-led invasion of iraq .  report says evidence was found of iraqi government-backed terroris .
 google pulls 21 apps in android malware scare <sec> according to the company , the apps are malware .  the apps have already been downloaded by at least 50,000 android users .  the apps look just like knockoff versions of already popular app .
 would you choose your child 's gender ? <sec> technology that lets parents choose their children 's gender is becoming more mainstream .  some experts believe that it 's wrong to use such technology for non-medical purposes .  cnn asked people around the world if they would choose their child 's gende .
 texas ban on same-sex marriage struck down <sec> a plaintiff calls the ruling an `` awesome first step , '' noting an appeal is coming .  judge : same-sex ban has `` no rational relation '' to legitimate government .  texas governor calls ruling a case of federal courts impeding on state rights .  this is the latest court ruling overturning laws forbidding gay and lesbians from legal wedloc .
 shakira announces pregnancy , cancels festival appearance <sec> singer announces that she is expecting .  she cancels a weekend concert appearance in las vegas .  festival organizers congratulate the entertaine .
 subdued reactions to apple 's final macworld keynote <sec> conference attendees say presentation lacked star ceo 's showmanship .  apple vice president unveiled software updates , itunes pricing revamp .  upgrades to 17-inch macbook pro laptop were also announced .  it was first macworld keynote since 1997 not delivered by steve job .
 elbow injury forces henin to quit tennis <sec> former world no.1 justine henin confirms her retirement from tennis for the second time .  the 28-year-old belgian quits after failing to recover from an elbow injury .  henin sustained the elbow injury during last year 's wimbledon tournament .  she was top of the world rankings for two years and won seven grand slam title .
 floodwaters roll toward 'last place on earth that needs high water ' <sec> new : 14 mississippi counties are declared major disaster areas .  new : authorities predict a major spillway could be opened within a week .  the crest is estimated to be in new orleans on may 23 , louisiana governor says .  the arkansas farm bureau estimates damage to state 's agriculture to top $ 500 millio .
 baghdad bombs kill eight , wound more than 30 <sec> the soldiers were killed by a roadside bomb in western baghdad on monday .  separately , three civilians died when a car bomb went off in the city 's east .  attacks came as u.s. vice president-elect joe biden met with iraq 's president .  u.s. military says two troops have died as a result of non-combat-related injurie .
 online campus gossips wo n't show their faces <sec> college gossip site juicy campus allows anonymous posting .  some of the postings are gossipy , others are cruel .  opinions are protected under the law , lies are not .  legal action may be difficult unless site cooperates in identifying poster .
 gop version of dream act holds promise <sec> ruben navarrette : gop plan to float new version of dream act a step in right direction .  he says plan would let kids who are undocumented be legal but not citizens if in college , military .  he says dems do n't like this , as they want to claim dream act and loyalty of latinos .  navarrette : some dems faltered on pushing issue through ; time to give new plan a chanc .
 rocky mountain high , or how i spent my family vacation <sec> wendy sachs wanted to try using pot to relax during a family vacation in colorado .  weed is legal in the state , and she looked up a local dispensary for supplies .  sachs kept her children in the dark about it ; they are n't old enough to understand .  the high was n't all she hoped , but it lent a new aspect to the traditional family ski tri .
 'majority ' of russian athletes doping , ' alleges german documentary <sec> german documentary makes allegations against russian athletics .  program claims doping is rife within the nation 's athletes .  world anti-doping authority to investigate claims .  ioc awaiting findings before making further commen .
 hillary clinton 's wall street dilemma - cnnpolitics.com <sec> hillary clinton developed a close relationship with the financial world as a new york senator .  clinton 's allies there are eager to galvanize a broad network of potential donors .  her coziness with wall street irritates liberal activists , who are a growing influence in the democratic part .
 fahey : 'djokovic does n't have the faintest idea what wada does ' <sec> wada president john fahey replies to novak djokovic 's criticism .  world no . .  2 tennis star said he 'd lost faith in agency after viktor troicki 's ban .  fahey tells cnn that djokovic `` has n't got the faintest idea what we do '' .  he says lance armstrong case shows that no-one is above the regulation .
 nate berkus : tsunami was 'eye-opening experience ' <sec> designer nate berkus survived the indian ocean tsunami of 2004 , but his partner did not .  berkus credits the red cross for helping him get through the disaster .  berkus : it 's the little things that matter in emergencies , such as flip-flops and money to call hom .
 last british army wwi veteran dead at 111 <sec> harry patch , dead at 111 , was last british survivor of world war one trench warfare .  patch was seriously wounded in ypres , belgium , in 1917 at battle of passchendaele .  patch `` tried to suppress memories and to live as normal a life as possible '' .  former soldier gradually opened up about his experiences in final years of lif .
 new york st. patrick 's day parade to include first gay group <sec> new york st. patrick 's day parade organizers said that they will allow first ever lgbt group to march in 2015 .  the change ends longstanding ban that drew national criticism and corporate boycotts .  last march , mayor bill de blasio declined to march , and guinness and heineken pulled out as sponsors .  glaad president : `` i 'm cautiously optimistic that this is definitely an important and historic step ... .
 get up to speed on the boston marathon case <sec> a bombing suspect 's friend accused of lying to authorities is due in court monday .  cambridge 's city manager says the older bombing suspect ca n't be buried there .  officials will announce a plan on how to distribute roughly $ 28 million in compensatio .
 cholera outbreak over , cuban government says <sec> the cholera outbreak hit granma province the hardest .  doctors do n't know how the disease was reintroduced to the island nation .  10 days have passed since the last reported case of cholera , officials sa .
 taylor swift wins big at academy of country music awards <sec> taylor swift retains her title as acm entertainer of the year .  host blake shelton wins male vocalist of the year .  a real-life couple gets married on stage to `` marry me '' .  shelton and reba mcentire host the annual awards show on cb .
 pakistan horror : when war comes to schools ( opinion ) <sec> gayle lemmon : peshawar attack was n't a one-off ; schools have been targeted often .  she says the bloody , brazen attack has seized the world 's attention .  lemmon : are we prepared for schools becoming the front lines of a barbaric battle ? .  we must speak out for the right of children to education and peace , she say .
 backpack full of grenades found in southern california <sec> city workers in placentia found the backpack in a storm drain , a sheriff 's spokesman says .  6 grenades , blasting caps and fuse igniters were in the backpack and nearby dirt .  the explosive devices likely had been there for some time , sheriff 's spokesman adds .  they have been safely detonated , he say .
 colombia , u.s. sign deal on use of bases <sec> u.s. military personnel may be stationed at seven colombian bases .  u.s. says agreement will help fight against traffickers , terrorists .  venezuelan leader has called agreement an act of war .  colombia wants u.s. aid in 45-year anti-guerrilla battl .
 obama , merkel disagree on spying issues <sec> new : just because we can spy does n't mean we should , chancellor merkel says .  edward snowden leaks are part of u.s.-german discussions in washington .  president obama laments strained relations with germany over u.s. surveillance .  merkel says more talks are needed to find a balance between security and privac .
 thai court rules arms-dealing suspect bout can be extradited to us <sec> new : u.s. welcomes the thai court decision .  russia 's foreign minister says decision is unlawful and political .  u.s. officials have been lobbying for viktor bout 's extradition .  he is charged with conspiracy to sell weapons to guerrilla fighter .
 obama to leave campaign trail to visit ailing grandmother <sec> new : sen. hillary clinton urges floridians to back obama in appearance with him .  obama will leave campaign trail thursday after indiana stop and return saturday .  rest of thursday events canceled ; michelle obama will stand in on friday .  mccain references biden comment that obama will be tested with early crisi .
 yemen swears in new president after saleh 's longtime rule <sec> new : obama : yemen could `` serve as a model for how peaceful transitions can occur '' .  a car bomb kills more than 20 in hadramout province .  abdurabu mansur hadi is yemen 's new president .  former president ali abdullah saleh led the country for 33 year .
