 is obligation gobbling up your vacation ? <sec> traveling for weddings and other social occasions can strain bank accounts .  survey : 41 % of americans spend most of their vacation budgets on obligations .  crossing states and continents for rituals has picked up in our increasingly mobile society .  rituals reassure us , and spending shows commitment to relationships , sociologist say .
 glenn greenwald to join media venture backed by ebay founder omidyar <sec> new : jeremy scahill and laura poitras are also part of new venture , omidyar says .  pierre omidyar of ebay says he is teaming up with journalist glenn greenwald .  greenwald says he is pursuing `` a once-in-a-career dream journalistic opportunity '' .  the guardian has come under fire in britain over its reporting on intelligence matter .
 family : american detained in abu dhabi for taking photo <sec> robert alan black traveled to abu dhabi to speak at a creativity conference .  he 's detained for taking `` a picture of something he should n't have , '' friend says .  spokeswoman : u.s. embassy is `` providing all possible consular assistance '' .  family asks uae officials to release black , says `` any violation is unintended .
 chavez : venezuela 's embassy in tripoli 'attacked and plundered ' <sec> venezuelan president hugo chavez condemns `` imperial insanity '' behind unrest in libya .  he calls for respect and protection for venezuela 's ambassador and embassy staff .  `` the drama of libya ... is only beginning , '' chavez says .  chavez and moammar gadhafi are close allie .
 andy murray and ross hutchins : friends in need and deed <sec> ross hutchins gives a rare insight into the life of andy murray .  murray dedicated win at brisbane to hutchins , who is recovering from cancer .  scot will be best man at hutchins ' wedding in november .  hutchins has finished his treatment and is helping raise money for cancer charit .
 lax shooting suspect pleads not guilty <sec> new : prosecutors have n't decided on whether to seek a capital case .  paul ciancia pleads not guilty to 11 felonies in the november 1 shooting .  ciancia is accused of shooting a tsa officer point-blank , killing him .  three other people , including two tsa officers , were wounde .
 guatemalan , mexican authorities target zetas cartel <sec> attorneys general from mexico and guatemala agree to share more information .  guatemala extends a `` state of siege '' in the border province of peten .  officials blame members of the zetas cartel for the may slayings of 27 workers there .  state media : `` we can not keep paying with deaths , '' president alvaro colom say .
 hundreds protest immigration law in arizona <sec> hundreds gather to denounce bill signed friday by gov . .  jan brewer .  new law requires police to determine whether a person is in u.s. legally .  it also requires immigrants to carry alien registration documents at all times .  kearny police chief joe martinez called critics ' concerns unfounde .
 london deploys extra police for carnival in wake of riots <sec> thousands of extra police officers will be deployed in west london and elsewhere .  more than a million people are expected to attend the two-day notting hill carnival .  police say intelligence indicates some gangs are planning to cause trouble .  three weeks ago , london was hit by outbreaks of rioting and lootin .
 fast-food giants want pizza the action in africa <sec> u.s. fast food brands are increasingly opening branches across africa .  kfc has outlets in 14 african countries , with over 700 kfcs in south africa .  pizza chain domino 's plans three more african branches by the end of this year .  african branches often introduce new dishes to cater to local taste .
 pakistani forces capture village in taliban stronghold <sec> new : official says troops take village of kotkai .  about 28,000 pakistani soldiers move into epicenter of taliban activity .  up to 10,000 militants operating in south waziristan , officials estimate .  tens of thousands of civilians fleeing region , u.n. refugee agency say .
 cnn projects republicans win governor races in virginia , new jersey <sec> new : cnn projects that chris christie will unseat new jersey gov . .  jon corzine .  new : cnn projects republican bob mcdonnell will win virginia governorship .  new : cnn projects new york mayor michael bloomberg re-elected to a third term .  cnn tv : instant results , analysis from the best political team , 8 p.m. e .
 missing uk teens seen in turkey before going to syria <sec> the teens are believed to have made it to war-torn syria .  the girls ' parents publicly begged them to come hom .
 jack lew : the signature that goes 'boing ' ! <sec> president obama has nominated jacob `` jack '' lew for treasury secretary .  treasury secretaries sign u.s. currency bills ; check your dollars out .  jack lew 's loopy signature looks like a `` boing , '' telephone cord or maybe curly frie .
 'john carter ' leaps , nay , skips to soft $ 500,000 at midnight showings <sec> `` john carter '' earned an underwhelming $ 500,000 at midnight showings .  it 's still way too early to tell , as midnight figures can not be entirely trusted .  the movie will likely find a bit more love oversea .
 bobby brown sentenced to probation in alcohol-related driving incident <sec> singer pleads no contest to driving with blood alcohol content .08 % or higher .  prosecutors dismiss two other charges against him .  he must undergo a 90-day alcohol treatment program .  he failed a field sobriety test during a california traffic stop last mont .
 goodbye to artificial colors ? ( opinion ) <sec> nestle usa plans to remove all artificial flavors and colors from its chocolate candies .  marion nestle : consumers pushing for less additive .
 how fabrics are re-fashioning medicine <sec> everyday fabrics are being used in ground-breaking medical research .  a material based on silk could help regrow damaged bone tissue .  silk has six times the tensile strength of steel fiber of equal diameter .  a device made of gore-tex is being used to plug holes in the hear .
 win free concert primus tickets for life <sec> primus are covering the soundtrack to 1971 's `` willy wonka and the chocolate factory '' .  anyone who gets one of the five gold records wins free concert tickets for life .  `` primus and the chocolate factory with the fungi ensemble '' reunites the band 's classic lineu .
 california measles cases still increasing <sec> all 15 measles cases in los angeles county involve unvaccinated people .  cdc reports cases topped 600 in 2014 , a significant spike over recent years .  scores of high schoolers sent home after one student is suspected of having measle .
 koch-backed super pac goes after independent <sec> koch-backed super pac is pushing two tv ads worth over $ 1.1 million to defeat greg orman .  orman , an independent , could cast the deciding vote in deciding control of the senate .  orman has n't said who he would caucus with , but republicans are painting him as a democrat-in-disguise .  the ad buy follows the same group 's $ 6.5 million injection into 6 other competitive state .
 holder : pakistani taliban helped direct times square plot <sec> new : faisal shahzad linked to pakistani taliban , u.s. attorney general says .  shahzad is charged in foiled times square car bombing .  terrorists `` trying to find vulnerabilities in our defenses , '' obama terrorism adviser says .  debate on miranda warning heats up in wake of bombing attemp .
 criticism of khodorkovsky verdict mounts <sec> new : khodorkovsky 's son says his father will appeal .  new : the white house says the case `` appears to be an abusive use of the legal system '' .  khodorkovsky and his business partner are both found guilty .  khodorkovsky is the former head of the yukos oil compan .
 911 calls show passengers ' fear during flight attendant 's rant <sec> flight attendant reportedly suffered mental breakdown on american airlines flight .  three passengers called 911 , asked dispatchers for help .  'they 're talking over the radio about crashing our plane , ' said one caller .  no charges have been filed against the flight attendant , local and federal officials sai .
 along atlantic seaboard , people prepare for irene 's fury <sec> ferries were moving people off some north carolina islands .  hurricane veterans know to board up and stock up on supplies .  people are preparing as far north as new hampshire .  irene poses the biggest hurricane threat to the u.s. in six year .
 2 turkish journalists missing in syria <sec> adem ozkose and hamit coskun were last heard from saturday .  turkey is seeking information from syrian authorities .  the syrians `` have not been able to confirm anything , '' a turkish official say .
 300 become ill on cruise ship <sec> 281 passengers and 22 crew on explorer of the seas report gastrointestinal problems .  people responding to medications , royal caribbean says .  vessel undergoes sanitizing in san juan , puerto rico .  a cdc official will board the ship sunday to investigat .
 opinion : 4 years after dodd-frank , system still broken <sec> rep. patrick mchenry : wall street reform law is n't working four years after enactment .  he says dodd-frank law has imposed billions in costs and millions of hours of extra work .  mchenry argues it is another example of big government overreac .
 federer , nadal to renew rivalry at indian wells <sec> roger federer and rafael nadal to face each other in the quarterfinals at indian wells .  the pair of former world no . .  1s have contested eight grand slam finals .  10-time grand slam winner nadal has won 18 of the pair 's 28 matches .  top seed novak djokovic and no . .  3 andy murray also into the last eigh .
 phoenix va chief sharon helman fired <sec> sharon helman was charge of the phoenix va but was formally fired monday .  that particular va hospital had 3,500 veterans waiting for appointments on secret list .
 loretta lynch , get ready for a fight ( opinion ) <sec> errol louis : ag nominee loretta lynch faces political hurdles on way to confirmation .  conservatives attack her to hurt obama , he says ; some on the left say she 's cozy with wall st . .  he says she 's successfully prosecuted organized crime , corporate and political corruption .  louis : she put would-be terrorist in jail ; confirmation process will be new test of her gri .
 supreme court broadens police searches <sec> case involves virginia man stopped for driving with suspended license .  instead of issuing ticket , police detained him and searched his car .  arrest violated state 's law , but trial judge allowed evidence of drugs .  justices ruled that officers had probable cause for searc .
 epa spars with congress over lost emails <sec> epa head tells house committee that the agency is having trouble recovering requested emails .  `` i heard similar testimony yesterday , '' congressman says , referring to irs ' lost emails .  epa 's lost emails part of alleged collusion probe involving agency and environmentalists .  committee chairman threatens contempt charge if requested documents not delivere .
 prosecutors weigh additional charges in maryland mcdonald 's attack <sec> a transgender woman was allegedly beaten outside a bathroom by two female suspects .  one 14-year-old suspect was charged as a juvenile .  the attack was caught on videotape by a mcdonald 's employee .  the state attorney 's office is reviewing the case to see whether more charges are appropriat .
 two men shot at california synagogue <sec> new : juvenile taken into custody and released pending investigation , police say .  los angeles mayor calls crime `` a random act of violence , '' says police investigating motive .  2 men in stable condition after being shot in the legs , police say ; identities not released .  both wounded at north hollywood 's adat yeshurun valley sephardic synagogu .
 as shutdown continues , turn to these great state parks <sec> there are more than 7,000 state park sites in the united states .  take advantage of a local state park while many federal park service sites are shut down .  florida 's fakahatchee strand preserve is often called the amazon of north america .  pick the right state park to explore and you 'll hike a bit of the appalachian trai .
 lawyer : police prevented bhutto autopsy <sec> new : new video proves bhutto shot , widower says .  doctors claim pakistani police prevented an autopsy on benazir bhutto .  lawyer athar minallah said the move violated pakistani criminal law .  police chief aziz saud said he suggested autopsy but bhutto 's widower objecte .
 walkouts and fury : a look at ahmadinejad 's u.n. speeches <sec> sensational remarks are hallmark of iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad 's 7 u.n. addresses .  u.s. , other delegations walked out of thursday 's speech , as has happened before .  u.s. , israel , european powers and the united nations are frequent targets of ahmadineja .
 places to see before they disappear <sec> some tourist destinations may not last forever .  dead sea is evaporating three feet per year .  amish running out of farmable land .  mexico city is slowing sinkin .
 after iran threat , u.s. aircraft carrier goes through strait of hormuz without incident <sec> the uss abraham lincoln heads into the persian gulf , the u.s. navy says .  british and french ships accompany the u.s. carrier group , britain 's military says .  iran had threatened to shut down the strait of hormuz .  the u.s. defense secretary says the u.s. will continue to have a presence in the gul .
 opinion : it 's time to reconsider polygamy <sec> a judge in utah struck down part of the state 's anti-polygamy law as unconstitutional .  mark goldfeder : in practice , polygamy exists even if legally it is not recognized .  he says u.s. needs to address polygamy , possibly find a way to make it legal .  goldfeder : recognition would enable law enforcement to crack down on abus .
 president obama links public health and climate change <sec> president obama attends howard university roundtable on climate change and public health .  linking climate change to how it affects a person 's health is a new way to talk about the subjec .
 healthcare.gov : what works , what does n't <sec> a host of issues have plagued the launch of obamacare 's insurance exchanges .  president obama says `` there 's no sugarcoating it . '' .  problems include website error messages , faulty information , internet overload .  bright spots include state-run exchanges , clarity on service .
 opinion : a salute to the stealth dad <sec> john bare : my father was part of a generation of stealth dads .  he says today 's fathers are more likely to draw attention to themselves , in social media era .  he says his father was always there for him when he needed to be .  bare : stealth dad does n't speak up unless he can improve on the silenc .
 in afghanistan , obama pledges cooperation , vows to 'finish the job ' <sec> new : car bomb in kabul kills 5 after obama visit .  facing an election at home , the president says `` this time of war '' will end .  romney lauds obama visit , says afghanistan `` success '' is vital .  obama and afghan president hamid karzai sign an agreement on future cooperatio .
 the best multivitamin for you -- and 11 to steer clear of <sec> stick with mainstream names found to be free of impurities , accurately labeled .  price is n't a sign of quality .  premenopausal women should take multivitamin with iron .  check with your doctor about risky interactions with prescription drug .
 report : samsung chairman to resign <sec> samsung group chairman , lee kun-hee , plans to resign , yonhap reports .  lee 's decision comes a few days after his indictment amid corruption investigation .  lee was indicted for tax evasion and breach of trust .  prosecutors say indictment relates to a plan to transfer control of the firm to his so .
 the spirit of architecture <sec> november 's show comes from the world architecture festival in barcelona .  interviewees include norman foster , zaha hadid and wolf d prix .  the best building in the world will be chosen at the end of the sho .
 egypt cracks down on terror cells in sinai ; bin laden 's doctor spotted <sec> new : israel 's netanyahu says terrorists are meddling in sinai .  official : witnesses report seeing bin laden 's doctor in sinai .  authorities are conducting an `` anti-terror '' operation in the same area .  general : `` al qaeda is present in sinai .
 u.s. lowers threshold for inclusion on no-fly lists <sec> government overhauls criteria it uses because of failed christmas day attack .  suspect umar farouk abdulmutallab was not put on a no-fly list .  sources say intelligence community has reviewed entire terrorist database since attack .  they say names have been added to watch , no-fly lists and visas revoke .
 french tv network hit by 'powerful cyberattack ' <sec> tv5monde went black late wednesday and was still out hours later .  the network blames an `` islamist group '' ; there 's no claim of responsibilit .
 let 's end the global food waste scandal <sec> central london event aims to feed 5000 people using food normally considered to be waste .  edible food is often thrown away by businesses , restaurants and retailers .  food sent to landfill decomposes into methane , which is 21 times more potent than carbon dioxid .
 make a promise to visit this place <sec> bob greene : there 's a place in washington that is n't a top tourist spot .  he says arlington national cemetery is a place all americans should visit .  more than 300,000 are bured at arlington , including the famous .  greene says to visit arlington is to realize the meaning of serving your countr .
 nadal 'relaxed ' as rivals struggle in monte carlo <sec> defending champion rafael nadal through to last eight of monte carlo masters .  spaniard will next play 21-year-old bulgarian gregor dimitrov .  world no . .  1 novak djokovic comes from behind for second match in a row .  andy murray suffers shock loss that will drop briton to third in world ranking .
 faa ban marks israeli setback , hamas 'victory ' <sec> new : jerusalem mayor nir barkat says if `` you get scared , you 're helping hamas '' .  new : former new york mayor michael bloomberg flies to israel on its national airline .  new : hamas targets airport `` because it 's used by the israel air forces , '' rep says .  the faa ban on u.s. flights to tel aviv is `` a major setback '' for israel , official say .
 'other-ness ' : what obama and romney have in common on religion , race <sec> both romney and obama have suffered attacks because of their faith .  candidates painted by some as outside the mainstream , 'others ' .  `` it 's the elephant in the room , '' said one expert on race and politic .
 chennai beat tendulkar 's mumbai in ipl final <sec> chennai super kings win the final of the ipl by beating mumbai indians by 22 runs .  suresh raina hits unbeaten 57 for chennai and takes key wicket of harbhajan singh .  sachin tendulkar scores 48 in losing effort for mumbai .  it was the third staging of the money-spinning twenty20 tournamen .
 mercedes and pirelli punished by fia for tire test <sec> the fia bans mercedes from taking part in forthcoming young driver test .  punishment comes after mercedes and pirelli took part in an unsanctioned tire test .  fia ruled that tire supplier pirelli had failed to offer other teams the chance to test .  the 2013 formula one season continues with the british grand prix on july 3 .
 'lost ' star lands new usa series <sec> sonya walger is coming back to tv in usa 's upcoming `` common law '' .  in the buddy cop drama , warren kole and michael ealy play homicide detectives .  walger played penny on `` lost '' and has been in `` in treatment '' and `` tell me you love me .
 bayern munich president uli hoeness facing jail for tax evasion <sec> bayern munich president uli hoeness facing jail for tax evasion .  hoeness sentenced to three years and six months .  62-year-old will appeal the verdict according to his defense lawye .
 henry faces fifa rap over handball <sec> thierry henry face disciplinary action over his handball in world cup playoff match .  fifa president sepp blatter says their disciplinary committee will investigate .  fifa rules out use of extra officials or video technology at the finals .  blatter apologizes to irish officials for comments made over their request to be 33rd tea .
 algerian forces seek 'peaceful ' settlement of dramatic , deadly hostage crisis <sec> new : 6 americans are freed or escaped , state department says .  algeria says 12 hostages were killed in the wake of a military operation .  terrorists are `` entrenched '' in a gas refinery with captives , aps says .  the u.s. rejects a reported prisoner exchange offer voiced by a jihadist spokesma .
 rand paul invokes libertarian roots in iowa - cnnpolitics.com <sec> rand paul makes first 2015 trip to iowa , home of first presidential caucuses .  he 's trying to build a broad coalition of voters , but says he has n't strayed far from his root .
 5 myths about the er , debunked <sec> visiting an er can be both lifesaving and frightening .  knowing what to expect and what the er can and ca n't do is helpful .  observation units can be very helpful .  the er is not first-come , first-serve .
