 pope prays for lost refugees on island visit <sec> pope francis shuns protocol and politics by visiting tiny island of lampedusa .  lampedusa has been first point of entry for refugees trying to reach mainland europe .  pope gave homily on `` global indifference '' to the refugee and irregular migrant proble .
 where are the women in tech ? driving the success <sec> the technology sector has a dearth of women in the workforce , anne bouverot writes .  women in the ict industry earn almost 9 % more than those in other parts of the economy .  `` we need to make women in mobile and ict the norm rather than the exception , '' she say .
 9 'schools ' that will help you master life <sec> a new breed of `` schools '' is emerging that teach all the important stuff formal education failed to .  now , you can learn everything from assertiveness to how to launch a social enterprise to 3d printing .  brush up your skills or learn something new and it could boost your career prospects .  cnn thinking business lists nine of the most interesting schools around the worl .
 veterans share one thing they want you to know about military service <sec> military vets share the one thing they want you to know .  their experiences range from vietnam to afghanistan , good to bad .  are you a vet ? .  add your contribution on cnn irepor .
 supreme court 's exterior to get a face-lift <sec> in 2005 , marble fell 100 feet onto the stairs leading to supreme court entrance .  work will begin next week to repair and preserve the front exterior .  visible protective netting has been in place since the incident .  the project on the 1935 building is expected to take 21 month .
 bowie : why we 're just glad to have him back <sec> david bowie stuns rock world by releasing first new music in 10 years .  bowie released string of dazzling albums in 1970s , says dorian lynskey .  lynskey : this fine music cast long shadow ; bowie prisoner of past ? .  critics will never take him for granted again , says lynske .
 can`womenomics ' save japan ? <sec> japan is pushing measures to close the gender gap in the nation 's workforce .  prime minister shinzo abe : `` women are japan 's most underutilized resource '' .  japanese women face strong cultural pressure to leave the workforce after having a child .  analyst : workforce parity `` could lift the asset level of japanese gdp by as much as 14 % .
 castro 's daughter : 'he is still behind the scenes ' <sec> raúl castro will seek more commerce with u.s. , fidel castro 's daughter says .  fidel castro still involved in cuba 's future , his daughter says .  younger castro brother chosen sunday to be cuba 's new presiden .
 colorado school shooter planned larger attack , sheriff 's office says <sec> gunman had written plans to attack at least five areas of the school on his arm .  he had also written the latin phrase for `` the die has been cast '' .  according to police , karl pierson shot 17-year-old claire esther davis once in the hea .
 mars rover curiosity reaches mount sharp in deep crater <sec> nasa 's mars rover curiosity has traversed more than five miles .  mount sharp sits in the middle of a vast , deep crater .  it 's hoped the multilayered mountain will reveal mars ' ancient histor .
 after decades of war , kurdish party calls for dialogue in turkey <sec> letter from imprisoned leader of kurdish militant group is read in turkish parliament .  `` the guns must be silent and ideas must talk , '' writes abdullah ocalan .  kurds have tried to separate from turkey for almost 30 years .  the kurdistan workers ' party , known as the pkk , is a marxist separatist movemen .
 grammy winner creates haven for kids <sec> grammy-award winning singer builds a community center from scratch in south africa .  photographer , singer document umuzi kababa performing arts center 's progress .  thulani shabalala : i ... felt like we had to do something for the peopl .
 rory mcilroy sets course record at scottish open <sec> rory mcilroy shoots a course record at the scottish open with a 64 .  the northern irishman tallies eight birdies and one bogey at royal aberdeen .  sweden 's kristoffer broberg had earlier set the course record on thursday .  defending champion phil mickelson is in contention after registering a 6 .
 judge orders aaron hernandez case evidence documents to be released <sec> papers about evidence collected in aaron hernandez case should be released , judge says .  ruling stems from filing from several media outlets requesting the papers , available tuesday .  hernandez 's defense team opposes the ruling and has the option to appeal .  hernandez is charged with premeditated murder in the slaying of odin lloy .
 obama asks americans to remember fallen troops <sec> obama continues controversial sending of wreath to confederate memorial .  president also sends wreath to african-american civil war memorial .  obama takes part in memorial day wreath-laying at arlington national cemetery .  men and women buried there `` waged war so that we may know peace , '' he sai .
 charlie sheen custody hearing held in private <sec> new : charlie sheen arrives in washington , says he ca n't discuss custody battle .  `` excellent , now let 's go , '' says the actor 's estranged wife as she approached her limo .  sheen wanted tuesday 's hearing open , but brooke mueller wanted it private .  sheen and mueller are fighting over the custody of their twin son .
 swimming pools and golf ranges in london 's luxury basements <sec> wealthy london residents are extending many floors beneath their homes .  the aim is to increase their value and provide extra room .  tight space and strict planning laws make extending upwards or outwards difficult .  some have installed swimming pools , gyms and cinemas in their extended basement .
 syria 's refugee children 'in crisis , ' un agency report says <sec> more than 1 million syrian children are refugees , authorities say .  that 's half the syrian refugee population .  as many as 100,000 people have been killed in the syrian conflic .
 russian protests target time zones <sec> russian president dmitry medvedev has proposed time zone reforms .  protesters say time zone changes waste energy and negatively affect the elderly .  chanting `` give us our time back , '' they demand a nationwide referendum on the issue .  medvedev says the changes help resolve transportation and communication issue .
 houston eulogist winans also has deep gospel roots <sec> new : veteran preacher says it took `` courage '' to hold houston 's service in new jersey hometown .  marvin l. winans grew up in a famous musical family , leads a detroit church .  he remembers houston as `` that little girl from new jersey .
 somalia urges somali-americans not to join rebels <sec> president sheik sharif ahmed says u.s.-somalis joining islamist rebels .  many somalis went to u.s. after 1992 american intervention in somalia .  fresh fighting has erupted between transitional government and rebels .  u.n. estimates 200,000 people have been forced to flee somali capita .
 venezuelan mayor 'seeking asylum ' in peru <sec> venezuelan mayor manuel rosales seeking asylum in peru , his lawyer says .  rosales says corruption charges are trumped-up , cites political reasons .  mayor was supposed to have turned himself in monday but failed to appea .
 police : no foul play seen in texas roller coaster death <sec> authorities say there is no sign of `` foul play or criminality '' .  witness says woman did n't feel safe before the ride .  at its highest point , the roller coaster is 153 feet .  texas giant is touted by the park as the world 's tallest steel-hybrid coaste .
 boyfriend convicted of swimsuit designer 's murder <sec> nicholas brooks is convicted of killing sylvie cachay in december 2010 .  her bruised body was found in a bathtub in manhattan 's soho house .  cachay 's luxury line of swimwear was a celebrity favorite .  brooks faces up to 25 years in priso .
 tiger woods grants first interviews since november crash <sec> telling wife , mother about his affairs were low points , woods tells espn .  `` to say the things that i 've done , truthfully to them , is ... very painful , '' woods says .  woods gives interviews to espn , the gold channel near his florida home .  woods says therapy will continue , but declines to say what type he 's receive .
 world cup by the numbers : crunch time for spain <sec> new : the defending champions could fail to make it out of the group stage .  new : the champions failed to advance in 2010 , as italy came last in their group .  new : the netherlands face australia , a team they have never beaten .  new : croatia and cameroon are both on five-match winless streak .
 anger over bali bomb site , 10 years on <sec> thousands gather in kuta , bali to mark 10 years since terror attacks killed 202 people .  blasts targeted revelers in popular night clubs ; 88 australians were among dead .  survivors and relatives want a permanent park to be built on the site of the sari club .  it 's currently being used as a car park with prominent signs urging people not to urinate ther .
 more than 150 homes damaged by powerful storm in wisconsin <sec> daylight reveals extensive storm damage across wisconsin .  157 homes are damaged or destroyed in city of kaukauna ; no one is hurt .  lincoln county officials do a door-to-door search after the stor .
 could world 's tallest building bring china to its knees ? <sec> china 's skyscraper boom to bring economic doom , if history is precedent .  china 's sky city will be world 's tallest building in 2014 at 838 meters , besting burj khalifa .  market crashes followed construction of chrysler building , petronas towers , burj .  cimb 's lawrence : economic busts tend to occur after large credit expansion like in chin .
 police : missing florida student 's backpack found at suspect 's home <sec> new : blood found in suspect 's vehicle , police say .  new : student 's backpack found at suspect 's home , police say .  christian aguilar , 18 , was last seen september 20 in gainesville , florida .  pedro bravo , also 18 , is charged with murde .
 hagel : more u.s. troops to remain in afghanistan <sec> up to 10,800 u.s. troops will remain in afghanistan at the start of 2015 .  hagel 's unannounced visit will include other stops in the region .  the trip follows a recent announcement that he will step down as defense chief .  he has served as defense secretary since last yea .
 death sentences over egypt football riot spark new protests <sec> new : official : 2 people killed , 15 injured in cairo amid clashes sparked by court verdicts .  an egyptian court upholds the death penalty against 21 defendants in soccer riot case .  lawyers for the 73 defendants can appeal the verdicts .  supporters of rival cairo football club al-ahly celebrate as the sentences are read ou .
 analysis : bill clinton as a diplomatic fix-it man <sec> spotlight returns to bill clinton after successful mission to north korea .  ex-president 's speedy retrieval of detained journalists could set stage for new role .  in `` pulp fiction , '' characters turned to winston wolfe to calmly solve messy problems .  analysis : clinton 's charms could be used with wolfe-like efficiency around glob .
 crown prince felipe : the sailor who will take the helm in spain <sec> spain 's king juan carlos i abdicates throne after nearly 40 years .  king 's only son felipe , a former olympic yachtsman , to be sworn in within weeks .  georgetown-educated crown prince married former cnn+ anchor letizia ortiz in 2004 .  spain 's monarchy dogged by allegations of corruption and excess in recent year .
 gang of villagers chase away google car <sec> villagers in broughton summoned police after google car arrived .  residents say the street view service will help burglars scout targets .  google says it is n't breaking any law .
 u.s. doctors see american jailed in cuba <sec> u.s. doctors visit american jailed in cuba .  alan gross is serving 15 years for bringing banned communications equipment .  family says his health is failin .
 obama inauguration tickets fetching 5 figures online <sec> new : sen. feinstein threatens to make selling of inauguration tickets a crime .  online ticket sites are selling inauguration tickets for thousands of dollars .  ticket sellers ca n't guarantee that buyers will get tickets .  government has printed 250,000 tickets for january 20 even .
 judge throws out defamation suit against syracuse 's head basketball coach <sec> new : plaintiffs ' attorney vows to appeal the decision .  the suit was brought by two former ball boys who accused boeheim of slander .  boeheim accused the men of fabricating allegations against a former syracuse coach .  a judge rules the comments `` were likely to be an opinion ... rather than objective fact .
 suspected 'pink panthers ' jewel theft gang member arrested in spain <sec> borko ilincic , a 33-year-old serbian man , has been arrested in a madrid suburb .  police say he took part in a bold robbery of a jewelry store in dubai in 2007 .  spanish police say ilincic is a suspected member of the pink panthers gang .  the gang 's behind jewelry store robberies in europe , the mideast , asia and the u.s. , interpol say .
 uk inquest finds killing of man whose death sparked riots lawful <sec> police shot and killed mark duggan in august 2011 .  the death sparked riots in london and other parts of england .  the verdict was delivered in an 8-to-2 decision .  britain 's press association : `` we still fight for justice , '' says shaun hall , duggan 's brothe .
 10 of the world 's most scenic cemeteries <sec> the granary burying ground is the final home for many revolutionary war heroes .  jim morrison is buried in a paris cemetery established by napoleon in 1804 .  the mount of olives is where the messiah will appear , says the book of zecharia .
 obama : shinseki stays for now , but va misconduct will be punished <sec> shinseki rescinds 2013 bonus for phoenix va director .  president obama defends va secretary shinseki , promises accountability .  the number of va facilities under investigation has expanded to 26 .  new : house panel wants three va officials to appear at a meeting on thursda .
 hope solo suspended from u.s. soccer team for 30 days <sec> u.s. soccer team suspends star goalkeeper hope solo for 30 days .  solo apologizes on facebook page and says , `` i think it 's best for me to take a break .
 'dazed and confused ' stars : where are they now ? <sec> affleck played haze-happy , fifth-year senior fred o'bannion .  mcconaughey has been in rom-coms like `` how to lose a guy in ten days '' .  hinojosa left behind her acting career after a brief appearance in `` clueless .
 man finds himself alone on delta flight <sec> chris o'leary was only passenger on a cleveland-new york flight until the last minute .  `` no , i 'm not joking , '' he tweeted . .  `` i 'm the only one on this plane '' .  the plane was delayed by weather , and most passengers had rebooked other flight .
 talks intensify on iran 's nuclear future <sec> one key sticking point : what would be the limits on iranian nuclear research ? .  another sticking point : when would u.n. sanctions be lifted ? .  israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu warns the deal would be a disaste .
 isis ' explosive expansion <sec> isis was only thought to have a fledgling presence in yemen , but claims responsibility for bombing there .  isis supporters appear to be heeding its leader abu bakr al-baghdadi 's call to `` erupt volcanoes of jihad .
 max mosley : why i took on google over sex images <sec> french court orders search engine google to remove max mosley orgy pictures .  courts had previously ruled the images must not be shown .  max mosley : images he fought to establish were illegal , continually reappear on google .  i think there is something seriously wrong with the culture at google - mosle .
 malaysia airlines flight 17 : five unanswered questions <sec> the u.n. security council is calling for a swift international investigation .  putin has two choices ; neither works to his advantage .  european airspace agency : ukrainian authorities closed airspace below 32,000 fee .
 thailand 's ex-pm yingluck shinawatra freed from custody , sources say <sec> source close to yingluck shinawatra confirms she was released from military camp .  an aide to yingluck contradicts junta source 's assertion that she has freedom of movement .  bangkok is largely calm but more organized protests are expected monday .  thailand 's armed forces seized power in a coup thursda .
 lochte wins maiden u.s. gold as phelps flounders <sec> ryan lochte wins gold in the 400m individual medley .  14 time olympic gold medal winner phelps finishes a disappointing fourth .  brazilian thiago pereira claims silver , kosuke hagino takes bronze for japa .
 viewers react to the beijing olympics <sec> many people impressed with show ; criticism of human rights , cheating remains .  sandra st john : `` china put on the most spectacular show on earth ! '' .  luis in mexico : `` vulgar and shameful display of unrestrained commercialism .
 french minister says he wo n't resign over sex with 'boys ' <sec> culture minister condemns sexual tourism , denies he is a pedophile .  frederic mitterrand , in 2005 book , wrote of paying for sex with `` boys '' in thailand .  le monde on thursday published steamy excerpts from `` the bad life '' .  mitterand came to the defense of roman polanski after the filmmaker 's arres .
 iranian president : we 'll stick to nuclear deal promises <sec> iranian president says a nuclear deal would remove a major obstacle for business .  `` we can cooperate with the world , '' president hassan rouhani insists .  he says , `` we do not lie , '' and iran will abide by its promises on nuclear dea .
 opening statements set in michael jackson wrongful death trial <sec> jury selection concluded tuesday with selection of six alternates .  the jury includes six men and six women , with four male and two females alternates .  michael jackson 's mother and children say a concert promoter is liable in the pop star 's death .  aeg live 's lawyers argue jackson chose and controlled dr. conrad murray .
 commentary : ceo buys fancy curtains as the walls crumble <sec> brown : departure of john thain could n't come soon enough .  thain , former ceo of merrill lynch , has resigned from bank of america .  before he left , thain reportedly spent more than $ 1.2 million to spruce up his offic .
 u.s. open : serena williams 'pumped up ' by defeat to victoria azarenka <sec> serena williams will begin defense of her u.s. open title on monday .  world no . .  1 is seeking to become the grand slam 's oldest women 's champion .  american says she is determined to bounce back from recent cincinnati defeat .  her main rival will be last year 's beaten finalist victoria azarenk .
 violence hits austrian sikh temple <sec> police : one suspect fired at two gurus , while five suspects attacked with knives .  one of the gurus , a 57-year-old sikh preacher , was killed .  police : about 150 people were in the room when the violence took plac .
 official : damage assessment over u.s. intelligence-gathering leaks <sec> `` currently , there 's a review underway to understand '' potential damage , official says .  national intelligence director james clapper declassified details of the prism program .  prism is a computer system that manages foreign intelligence , according to the materia .
 under threat , south koreans mull nuclear weapons <sec> under heated rhetoric from north korea , some south koreans call for nuclear weapons .  south korea does not have nuclear arms because of the 'nuclear umbrella ' provided by u.s . .  recent poll : 66 % of south koreans support developing nuclear weapons progra .
 congress has little motivation for compromise before election <sec> congress returns from five-week recess with just 57 days until election .  a short-term continuing resolution to fund federal agencies is expected to pass .  violence against women act , cybersecurity bill likely to be punted .  it 's possible gop and democratic leaders could work out a deal on a farm bil .
 parents shocked to learn examiner kept son 's brain <sec> andre and korisha shipley found out that their son 's brain was not buried along with him .  a class from jesse shipley 's high school saw his labeled organ at the morgue .  the family is suing the city for emotional distress .  legally , the removal of organs is allowed as pathologists deem proper for diagnosi .
 report says turkey 's kurdish conflict has turned more violent <sec> new : at least 10 turkish soldiers were killed tuesday in a suspected pkk attack .  12 killed in pkk ambushes last weekend ; turkey says it 's killed hundreds from pkk recently .  international crisis group says casualties are the highest in 13 years .  the kurdistan workers party , or pkk , launched insurgency in the 1980s in response to state bia .
 beijing 's new nightlife scene <sec> the rooftop lounge at park hyatt beijing 's xiu boasts a patio with 360-degree views of the city .  da dong 's is one of the top places to try beijing 's most famous dish , duck pancakes .  the new gold rooms at fairmont beijing are stocked with 24-karat-gold showerhead .
