 atletico 's slip up gives real and barca hope ; juve title hat-trick <sec> atletico madrid falter in la liga title race losing 2-0 at levante .  new : real madrid held 2-2 by valencia in late match .  chelsea 's epl title hopes dashed by goalless draw .  juventus seal serie a after challengers roma los .
 lightning ca n't stop lee westwood <sec> former world no . .  1 lee westwood ends 22-month for a european tour title .  englishman romps to seven-stroke victory at malaysian open on sunday .  play is halted for more than four hours due to threat of lightnin .
 wilson funds reach $ 1 million after 'you lie ' cry , aide says <sec> money pours in after rep. joe wilson directly asks for funds in web video .  youtube video : wilson says he 's still in opposition to dems ' health care plans .  wilson 's 2010 rival , rob miller , earlier announced he had reached $ 1 million .  miller lost by 8 points in '08 , the closest of five races wilson has face .
 10,000 bc : the premiere <sec> woolly mammoth on red carpet for world premiere of emmerich 's `` 10,000 bc '' .  film premiered in berlin on feb. 26 after grueling schedule of media interviews .  mammoth hunters from south africa joined stars at potsdamer platz .  viewers ' opinion of film mixed : `` action was great but the story was too thin .
 pakistan , india hit by deadly flooding <sec> large areas of pakistan are hit by flooding and landslides after heavy rain .  at least 21 people are confirmed dead , says disaster official maj. iftikhar ahmed taj .  hundreds of homes have been damaged , as well as roads and bridges .  officials in rajasthan , in northern india , say 20 people have died following floodin .
 sterlings face court trial on clippers ' fate -- or not ? <sec> sterlings face a probate court trial in california on monday .  but donald sterling now asks a federal court to take over the case .  couple face a september deadline to sell the la clippers .  probate court will look at the sterlings ' trust that owns nba tea .
 details emerge about u.s. veteran held by colombian rebels <sec> an american who colombia rebels say they 're holding is a former soldier .  the rebels claim to have captured kevin scott sutay last month .  they say they will free him as a gesture of good will .  sutay is an afghanistan war veteran , the defense department say .
 cnn poll : spike in american fears of new 9/11 terrorism - cnnpolitics.com <sec> a majority of americans say it 's likely for terrorism to take place this week .  thursday marks the 13th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks .  rise in concern is likely due to the emerging threat of isi .
 joe biden courts presidential speculation with iowa trip - cnnpolitics.com <sec> biden due to attend iowa fish fry on sunday hosted by democratic sen. tom harkin .  vice president has not said whether he will make a third bid for the white house .  iowa kicks off early caucus and primary voting for 2016 race .  biden finished fifth in 2008 iowa caucuses , but later selected for ticke .
 the taliban 's favorite sport : afghan cricket 's battle for acceptance <sec> afghan cricket team is battling to become a fully-fledged international member .  many of its players learned the game while in refugee camps in pakistan .  mohammad nabi grew up in peshawar due to the soviet war of the 1980s .  he is now afghanistan 's captain as the team bids to qualify for the world cu .
 5 things : what to watch for sunday at the world cup <sec> argentina 's lionel messi will take the field for the first time in brazil .  bosnia and herzegovina will start play in its first world cup .  action starts in rio de janeiro -- host of the world cup finals , the 2016 olympic .
 reality tv star testifies at actress ' sham marriage trial <sec> defense : fernanda romero 's marriage was `` unconventional '' but real .  the mexican actress is accused of using a fake marriage to get a u.s. green card .  photographer markus klinko was the key prosecution witness .  klinko says his goal was not to get his ex-girlfriend deporte .
 swiss break through on world 's longest tunnel <sec> the tunnel will cut travel time in the region , including between switzerland and italy .  officials say demands for railroads have increased as international trade goes up .  it will also allow millions more tons of items to pass through the alps by rail , officials sa .
 ten-man arsenal go top of premier league as west ham miss penalty <sec> arsenal climb to top of english premier league with 2-0 victory over london rivals west ham .  relegation-threatened west ham miss penalty after thomas vermaelen is sent off .  tottenham consolidate fourth place with a hard-fought 2-1 victory at 10-man stoke .  fellow champions league hopefuls aston villa held to a 2-2 draw by lowly wolverhampto .
 check out the chunnel for low-hassle travel <sec> the eurostar train zips under the english channel in 20 minutes .  air france is planning a competing rail service between london and paris .  a one-way , full-fare ticket runs about $ 425 first-class and $ 300 second-class .  cheaper seats come with more restrictions and can sell out quickl .
 group of champions pairs manchester city and real madrid <sec> european champions league draw made in monaco .  epl champions manchester city drawn in same group as real madrid .  borussia dortmund and ajax also in tough looking group d .  title holders chelsea in same group as serie a champions juventu .
 businessman bets $ 150k to help high school <sec> architect whose home was flooded by katrina works pro-bono to build $ 2-million high school stadium .  `` there 's a deeper meaning ... when you feel like you 're serving a larger purpose , '' he says .  firm 's $ 150k donation may be fruitless if funds are n't raised in time .  `` it 's a very scary time for our project right now , '' says school athletic directo .
 opinion : who will win ukraine 's 'political football match without rules ' ? <sec> abundance of plots for novels from ukrainian politics , says author andrey kurkov .  in-fighting between major political parties has trampled ukraine .  despite being in prison yulia tymoshenko still dominates foreign relations with ukrain .
 fallon resigns as chief of u.s. forces in middle east <sec> bush : `` he deserves considerable credit for progress that has been made '' .  defense secretary robert gates says he accepts the resignation with regret .  gates says fallon will be replaced by his deputy , lt. gen. martin dempsey .  fallon cites what he calls inaccurate news reports for decision to step asid .
 in-form kuchar claims memorial title as woods and mcilroy struggle <sec> matt kuchar wins memorial tournament by two shots from compatriot kevin chappell .  defending champion tiger woods ties for 65th after carding a level-par round of 72 .  five-time winner woods suffers a triple-bogey for the second successive day .  world no . .  2 rory mcilroy finishes tied for 57th after also finishing with a 7 .
 will protest or persuasion shape hong kong 's future ? <sec> hong kong governed by china under `` one country , two systems '' model allows the territory more freedoms than the rest of the country .  the election of hong kong 's top leader may be by universal suffrage in 2017 .  but will it happen without beijing screening the candidates ? .  hong kong resident : `` i definitely want universal suffrage so that we can have a leader who is not as corrupt as mainland officials .
 u.s. delaying millions in aid to somalia , u.n. says <sec> washington reviewing claims that money is being diverted to militant group .  u.n. estimates 60 percent of people who need aid live in militant-controlled areas .  millions could run out of food in the next few weeks , u.n. say .
 former rutgers student freed after serving time for bullying conviction <sec> he was released early after time off for good behavior and work credit , jail official says .  dharun ravi is released after serving a jail sentence .  he was convicted in may on charges related to recording his gay roommate .  the roommate , tyler clementi , killed himself after learning of the recordin .
 ebola fears sideline guinea football star <sec> guinea star alhassane ( lass ) bangoura withdraws from national squad .  bangoura cites fears of his rayo vallecano club teammates over ebola .  guinea due to play against ghana in morocco .  `` i am fine '' bangoura says when asked about his healt .
 hacker group briefly hits usa today 's twitter page <sec> usa today is latest victim of hacker group the script kiddies .  disruption consists of fabricated statements and group promotion .  nbc news and fox news were previously hi .
 calls for cooperation mix with raw rhetoric in u.n. speeches <sec> new : leaders from obama to gadhafi discuss climate change , disarmament .  u.s. , israeli representatives leave seats during iranian president 's address .  libyan leader moammar gadhafi says u.n. security council brings terror , not security .  global challenges require unified action , u.n. secretary-general say .
 think occupy wall st. is a phase ? you do n't get it <sec> douglas rushkoff says traditional media condescends to occupy wall street movement .  he says that 's because its 21st-century , net-driven narrative does n't fit old media model .  he says protest not about end-point , it 's about a new discourse on variety of complaints .  rushkoff : protest may be unwieldy , but aims to correct disconnects in u.s .
 yosemite advises medical help for those with hantavirus symptoms <sec> hantavirus pulmonary syndrome is a rare but sometimes fatal lung disease .  hantavirus is n't communicable between people ; symptoms include fever , aches and fatigue .  in the u.s , deer mice , cotton rats , rice rats and white-footed mice carry hantavirus .  yosemite said monday a second park visitor died after contracting the diseas .
 winter hits paris airport with double whammy <sec> charles de gaulle cancels a third of afternoon and evening flights .  about a foot of snow falls on the roof , forcing a partial evacuation .  charles de gaulle is the second busiest airport in europe .  airports were snarled by snow over the weeken .
 armed men free ukraine separatist leader after checkpoint attack <sec> new : u.s. spokeswoman : separatist leader in donetsk does n't represent region .  ukraine 's border service says armed men freed a detained separatist leader .  luhansk 's `` people 's governor '' valeriy bolotov was wanted by the security service .  tensions remain high in eastern ukraine , with presidential elections just over a week awa .
 from crackberry to 'depressing ' : the blackberry 's 5-year fall <sec> after crackberry heyday , research in motion has seen hard times .  maker of blackberry reported big losses and layoffs .  apple 's iphone release in 2007 helped start the decline .  rim still has billions on hand and 78 million subscriber .
 mourning , outrage , disbelief over woman 's mutilation in syria <sec> `` they killed the rose zainab , '' protesters ' placards say .  zainab alhusni 's death is called `` appalling '' by the united nations .  the woman was seized to get at her brother , many sa .
 criminal investigators visit massachusetts drug facility <sec> new : justice , fda investigators at facility tied to meningitis outbreak .  the outbreak has been linked to the massachusetts compounding pharmacy .  the number of cases is now up to 214 with 15 deaths , according to the cd .
 mumbai gunman to be sentenced thursday <sec> mohammed ajmal kasab was found guilty of murder , conspiracy and waging war .  more than 160 people killed from november 2008 attack on various mumbai sites .  india blames lashkar-e-tayyiba for attacks ; group denies responsibilit .
 man who took hostages at hillary clinton 's office recaptured <sec> leeland eisenberg arrested in manchester , new hampshire .  authorities say he was supposed to be at his manchester halfway house .  eisenberg will be charged with escape , department of corrections spokesman .  eisenberg held hostages at a hillary clinton campaign office in 200 .
 farmers sue oil giant shell over niger delta pollution <sec> the case was brought by four nigerian farmers and the dutch friends of the earth .  they want compensation for damage caused by oil spills and a proper cleanup .  shell says it is `` committed to cleaning up all spills from its facilities '' .  the oil giant blames pipeline thieves and saboteurs for causing oil spill .
 taliban attack wounds teen activist blogger <sec> new : doctors remove a bullet lodged in her neck .  pakistan 's prime minister condemns the attack , speaks with teen 's father .  pakistani taliban claim they targeted the teen blogger .  she feared being beheaded because of her passion for educatio .
 12 dead in islamist attack on somali prison <sec> al-shabaab rebels try to storm a prison in mogadishu .  twelve die , including seven al-shabaab fighters , in `` foiled attack , '' security forces say .  the attackers wore government military uniforms .  the prison houses mostly al-shabaab members on death ro .
 cnn student news - september 4 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 ryan leaves drama to others ; coolly steps in at key moment <sec> after keeping a low-profile , paul ryan emerges with key role in washington 's standoff .  his op-ed on a path forward first generated a conservative backlash .  but his timely emergence has proven effective .  leadership effectively transitioned republican negotiation demands away from health car .
 'movember ' gets hairy , for a cause <sec> during november men grow mustaches to raise money for men 's health issues .  movember , a nonprofit group , lays out specific rules on how to maintain your mustache .  chicago , america 's most mustache-friendly city , will hold the 5th annual 'stache bas .
 'snl ' obama sketch marks end of honeymoon <sec> recent `` saturday night live '' sketch attacked president obama .  political pundits , media seized on sketch as meaningful .  it marks end of honeymoon , one observer says , but probably not much more .  `` snl '' can `` intensify '' storylines but is mostly a barometer , says exper .
 the king 's court grows as kevin love joins cavaliers <sec> minnesota trades star kevin love to the cleveland cavaliers .  he 'll team up lebron james , who recently rejoined the cavs .  timberwolves get the cavs ' last two no . .  1 draft pick .
 nadal sweeps aside djokovic to claim eighth straight monte carlo crown <sec> rafael nadal wins monte carlo masters title .  nadal thrashes novak djokovic 6-3 6-1 in final .  eighth straight title in monte carlo for nadal .  nadal winning record 20th masters 1000 tournamen .
 smell of success : jo malone 's 'million dollar nose ' <sec> meet jo malone , the woman behind the eponymous fragrance company .  sold business to estã©e lauder in 2006 in reported multi-million dollar deal .  five years later started new company , jo loves , selling luxury fragrance goods .  left school as a teen to care for mother , started creating fragrances at hom .
 bill weakens to category 2 hurricane <sec> hurricane bill downgraded to category 2 storm .  hurricane expected to pelt bermuda with 1 to 3 inches of rain .  battering waves developing on parts of u.s. east coast .  bill is expected to pass between bermuda and east coas .
 embassies close as u.s. issues global travel alert due to threat <sec> new : 22 u.s. embassies , consulates are closed .  new : president obama meets with committee of security heads to review the situation .  the state department issues a global travel alert on possible al qaeda attacks .  sources say al qaeda is in final planning stages of unspecified plo .
 the loneliest cowboy in the world <sec> vice meets an 81-year-old man who has spent most of his life in complete isolation .  faustino barrientos lives in patagonia ; only human contact came once every two years .  as development changes his surroundings , barrientos has had to adap .
 opinion : dutch monarchs ' lessons for world 's royals <sec> beatrix bequeaths prosperous nation , popular monarchy , says richard fitzwilliams .  beatrix 's mother worked hard in 1953 when netherlands was hit by huge storm .  fitzwilliams : dutch have investiture , not coronation ; protocol is relaxed .  monarchy unites country with fractious history , the author add .
 spring '14 trends from new york fashion week <sec> fashion trend forecasters share predictions of spring fashion .  trends to look out for include florals , designer denim and punk-inspired items .  new york fashion week runs september 5 through 1 .
 jessica ridgeway 's killer in video confession : i lied to her <sec> austin sigg confessed to killing , dismembering 10-year-old girl .  he was 17 at the time .  he was sentenced to life in prison last wee .
 real leaders do n't 'double-down ' <sec> marsha johnson : this election season , it seems like politicians are continually `` doubling-down '' .  she says this term is meant to seem strong , but just avoids fessing up .  she says we like strong leaders , but want them to be self-aware ; it 's not weak to admit flaws .  johnson : the longer a leader takes to admit flaw , the more some will turn against the .
 russia to resume wheat flour exports <sec> russia banned the export of grain amid its worst drought in years .  the country plans to resume exports of flour next yea .
 penn state and the citadel : 'it 's a desire to protect their own ' <sec> both penn state and the citadel are criticized for failing to report abuse allegations .  professor : `` institutions too often substitute their own interests for the interests of the victims '' .  the phenomenon is not unique to universities , another expert say .
 reds ' homer bailey pitches season 's 7th no-hitter <sec> the cincinnati reds ' homer bailey tosses a no-hitter in 1-0 win over the pirates .  it 's the seventh no-hitter this year , tied for most ever in one season .  cincinnati has already clinched the national league central division titl .
 opinion : gop has power where it counts : the states <sec> roland martin : political echo chamber says gop doomed by its losses in 2012 election .  do n't believe it , he says -- gop has power where it counts : governors , state legislatures .  he says dems claim minorities , women , but gop plans big push for those voters .  martin : gop pushing inroads at state level , not seriously changing policy ; dems , wise u .
 romney has n't earned our trust <sec> lz : asked if they trust romney , a group of republicans replied , `` more than obama '' .  lz says romney flip flops and lies ; he wants us to trust him on tax plan he wo n't explain .  he says obama has also broken promises , played politics , but gop track record worse .  granderson : the romneys paint early years as humble to faux-relate to voter .
 how to help washington landslide victims <sec> please call 425-388-5088 to report anyone located or still missing .  the american red cross northwest response is on the ground and accepting donations .  gov . .  jay inslee has launched a mudslide relief campaig .
 analysis : kathleen sebelius deals with a difficult day at the house <sec> as republicans lob questions at her , kathleen sebelius tries to keep cool .  in 3â½ hours , she apologizes and shows exasperation .  she gives gop a talking point with `` whatever '' response to one questio .
 heat scorches one part of u.s. as flooding covers another <sec> new : triple-digit temperatures forecast as far north as spokane .  much of the west could feel temperatures 10 to 20 degrees above normal .  newly shattered heat records in the southwest could be broken again on tuesday .  showers and storms are forecast from florida to new englan .
 grammys ' top 5 moments <sec> the 55th grammy awards were held sunday night on cbs .  new : ll cool j closes out show with a performance .  new : mumford & sons beat frank ocean for album of the yea .
 the weird world of in-flight retail <sec> to make money , airlines are pushing everything from craft beer to cars .  in addition to mini coopers , airbaltic sells branded shoes .  airbaltic was also the first airline to accept bitcoins for paymen .
 drones : can secret campaigns really make us safer ? <sec> a report by u.n. special rapporteur ben emmerson qc cites civilian drones casualties .  clare algar says the report shows the `` devastating impact of drones on innocent people '' .  she says gen. mcchrystal has warned the strikes can create tremendous resentment .  people should demand to know how the secret drone campaign makes them safer , algar say .
 legal battle over forest is victory for paraguayan indians <sec> totobiegosode tribe is among last uncontacted indians in south america .  ruling revokes permit for brazilian company to clear forest .  activists undertook legal fight without totobiegosodes ' knowledge .  tribe has lost nearly 15,000 acres of land this yea .
