 gays , lesbians 'sick , ' uganda president says in blocking anti-gay bill <sec> president 's spokesman : `` there was no quorum , and homosexuals are sick people '' .  lawmakers downgraded punishment for `` aggravated homosexuality '' to life in prison .  law also proposed prison time for those who counsel , reach out to gays and lesbians .  parliament reconvenes next month , and the bill could pass without president 's signatur .
 immigration law supporters rally in arizona <sec> supporters of arizona immigration law say they 're not racist .  rally was aimed at boosting the state 's economy , supporting law .  demonstrators say they hope other states will follow arizona 's lead .  law allows police to ask for proof of legal residency when investigating crime .
 opinion : is doping at work and in class ok ? <sec> bryan moore : people who take neuroenhancement drugs to be sharper similar to a-rod case .  moore says some may take mixed amphetamine salts , used to treat adhd , to gain advantage .  he says these medications may carry health risks but wo n't get high achievers fired at work .  moore : perhaps professionals should face same scrutiny as athletes such as a-ro .
 china 's wang shu : from builder to pritzker-winning architect <sec> in 2012 wang shu became the first chinese citizen to win the pritzker architecture prize .  the 48-year-old 's practice is based in hangzhou , the capital of zhejiang province .  pritzker prize is an annual $ 100,000 award that honors a living architect .  wang spent 10 years working with chinese craftsmen to perfect his ar .
 opinion : arming tsa officials not the answer <sec> tiffany hawk : 9/11 left a legacy of security measures by airlines and airports .  friday 's shooting at lax raises new security concerns , she says .  hawk : violence in schools , malls and cinemas is more prevalent than terrorism .  arming airline workers -- often underpaid and over-stressed -- is a bad idea , she say .
 rape a weapon of war in congo , activists say <sec> human rights watch : 200,000 women , girls raped in eastern congo since 1998 .  condition of women more dire as the army fights armed groups in the country .  more than 5 million die in congo from disease , hunger resulting from fighting .  congo has taken some measures to try to curb the sexual violenc .
 body found in southern california confirmed to be missing teen <sec> norma lopez , 17 , disappeared last thursday .  a body found tuesday afternoon was confirmed wednesday to be the missing teen .  police are now treating the case as a homicide investigatio .
 auto companies strive to end car 'totaling ' <sec> companies and insurers sections cars to be crash ( and repair ) friendly .  many new developments exist in the design of auto parts and components .  new materials -- including ultra-high-strength steel -- help make vehicles safer .  new challenges continue to present themselves , says ford exper .
 ole gunnar solskjaer appointed as cardiff city manager <sec> cardiff appoints ole gunnar solskjaer as its new manager .  solskjaer succeeds malky mackay , who was sacked last month .  it is his first managerial job in england after coaching molde in norwa .
 mccain : 'fight with me ' <sec> mccain : `` we need to change the way government does almost everything '' .  mccain says he and sarah palin will `` shake up washington '' .  cindy mccain says her husband has `` shown the value of self-sacrifice '' .  lindsey graham says barack obama is bent on `` losing in iraq .
 study finds evidence of first human-to-human transmission of h7n9 bird flu <sec> the h7n9 bird flu outbreak in china killed at least 43 people this year .  until now , it was thought that all the infections came from birds .  but a new study says a woman in china probably caught it from her father .  it says the limited case shows the virus has `` potential for pandemic spread .
 smithsonian breaks ground on black history museum <sec> new : groundbreaking held for museum of african american history and culture .  new : president barack obama speaks at the ceremony .  museum is set to open in 2015 .  museum will be located on the national mal .
 wildfires rip through sun-scorched texas <sec> another fire breaks out near houston .  gov . .  rick perry cautions texans : `` we got a long way to go '' .  a fire southeast of austin has destroyed close to 500 homes .  two people are killed in a separate , eastern texas wildfir .
 manslations : what men really mean <sec> woman rates jeff mac 's `` manslations : decoding the secret language of men '' .  if there 's conflict between what man says or does , always ignore what he says .  her favorite : ok for women to call guy first , and if dumped , it 's not because of cal .
 pinterest not manly enough for you ? try these sites , bro <sec> one recent survey found that 83 % of pinterest users are women .  that 's created a niche for new `` manly '' visual bookmarking sites .  these sites cater to interests such as cars , sports , tech toys and bachelor livin .
 robert strauss , former democratic party chair , dies <sec> robert strauss dies at 95 , his law firm says .  he led the democratic party 's resurgence in the mid-1970s .  strauss was an ambassador to the former soviet union and russi .
 uruguay 's senate approves same-sex marriage bill <sec> measure must be voted on by the lower house , signed by uruguay 's president .  catholic church has fiercely opposed the proposal .  left-wing lawmakers say it 's a matter of recognizing inherent human rights .  if approved , uruguay will become the second latin american country to legalize same-sex marriag .
 cnn exclusive : alleged rape victim flees libya <sec> new : saying he was n't optimistic she 'd escape , her father says he 's now `` delighted '' .  eman al-obeidy accused libyan security forces of rape in march .  she says she has fled to tunisia with help from a defecting military officer .  she is hoping for protection from a western governmen .
 quentin tarantino loses first round of script lawsuit with gawker <sec> links to an unproduced movie script were posted in january .  the famed director and writer filed suit against one of the more popular websites that posted link .  judge rules that tarantino did n't show there was a copyright infringement .  tarantino reportedly is revising the script and might move ahead with making the fil .
 11 extremely practical japan travel tips <sec> practical tips include pre-booking a wireless router and a jr rail pass .  many of the foreigner-only discounts and services can only be reserved outside of japan .  download recommended apps for smoother trave .
 british woman beheaded in supermarket attack identified <sec> jennifer mills-westley was `` generous of heart , '' her daughter says .  she was killed in an apparently random attack in spain .  a man stole a knife , then cut off her head with i .
 26 arrests after mob beats , burns afghan woman <sec> family says farkhunda , 27 , made accusations against a local mullah .  mullah reportedly began shouting that she had burned the qura .
 charlie sheen adds 5 more shows to 'torpedo of truth ' tour <sec> charlie sheen 's twitter account has 2.8 million followers .  the first two shows sold out in 18 minutes .  warner brothers fired sheen from the hit sitcom `` two and a half men '' last week .  time warner inc. owns warner brothers and cn .
 opinion : gandolfini 's gift to television -- and america <sec> gene seymour : james gandolfini helped elevate the medium of dramatic television .  without an actor of his gifts , the character of tony soprano might not have worked , he says .  seymour : complex , conflicted tony soprano paved the way for others such as don draper .  he says it 's sad that we wo n't get to see gandolfini make other dramatic breakthrough .
 troops abroad , at home celebrate thanksgiving <sec> president calls 10 troops based in afghanistan , iraq and arabian sea to thank them .  top iraq general tours bases to wish troops happy thanksgiving .  465,000 pounds of turkey used in meals for iraq , afghanistan troops , spokesman say .
 review : robert plant 's 'band of joy ' <sec> robert plant releases new album titled `` band of joy '' .  the album is named after plant 's first band with john bonham .  plant 's was led zeppelin 's former frontma .
 a do-nothing congress is n't healthy <sec> former congressman john porter says congress has done little up to august recess .  among the issues he says congress has n't tackled is more funding for health research .  he says people support more spending , and most would pay more taxes for research .  porter : health research is an investment that will benefit our childen and grandchildre .
 support floods in for charlie hebdo <sec> vigils were held worldwide to honor victims of the attack in paris .  cartoonists everywhere took up pencils to express solidarity .  people have donated to the magazine itself , and a crowdfunding campaign to help charlie hebdo and victims of the attacks . .  american psychological association provides resources for those impacted by attacks , like the one in pari .
 soccer on the subcontinent : india 's blossoming passion for football <sec> india 's 83 million football fans are a testament to a sport rapidly on the rise across the subcontinent .  despite such grassroots support however , india 's national team ranks 146th globally .  experts blame poor international exposure and bad management for the state of indian football .  afc and fifa are trying to improve the game by injecting funding for infrastructur .
 8 questions from readers about the oldest cold case <sec> maria ridulph , 7 , was abducted and murdered in 1957 .  jack mccullough was convicted 55 years later but questions linger .  timeline , alibi and other details of the nation 's oldest cold case still in dispute .  author of series answers readers ' question .
 kenya rounds up zebras for starving lions <sec> animals brought in to restock amboseli national park 's population .  drought has caused park to lose 80 percent of livestock .  about 4,000 zebras and 3,000 wildebeest will be transferred to feed lion .
 first 'divergent ' footage revealed at comic-con <sec> dystopic `` divergent '' is said to be the next `` hunger games '' .  star shailene woodley asked jennifer lawrence for advice .  comic-con panel breaks the news `` not everyone lives .
 nazi war crimes suspect laszlo csatary dies at 98 <sec> csatary was accused of sending 15,000 jews to the auschwitz concentration camp .  he was arrested last year after a jewish rights group discovered him living in hungary .  csatary had denied allegations against him to a british tabloid .  lawyer : `` with the death of csatary there are no further proceedings in this case .
 race to the record books intensifies <sec> kite boarder alexandre caizergues , of france , holds the world sailing speed record .  the world sailing speed record council oversees and ratifies record attempts .  the wssrc had about 50 formal applications for record attempts in 200 .
 adviser calls blackberry 'miracle ' mccain 'helped create ' <sec> john mccain adviser pushes senator 's economic credentials .  adviser calls blackberry a `` miracle that john mccain helped create '' .  obama camp labels blackberry comment `` preposterous '' .  mccain camp : `` obviously a boneheaded joke by a staffer .
 champions dortmund open bundesliga season with win <sec> reigning bundesliga champions borussia dortmund beat hamburg 3-1 in season-opener .  kevin grosskreutz scores twice with mario goetze grabbing the other .  goetze has been called up to germany 's squad for friendly against brazil .  bayner munich open their campaign sunday against borussia moenchengladbac .
 how to back up your social media data <sec> facebook allows users to download their profiles through account setttings .  in wordpress , go to tools , export and choose the posts you want to export .  adobe air app flump lets you backup flickr photo .
 school lunch supplier shut by usda reopens ; some hot pockets recalled <sec> usda had closed meat plant that supplies federal nutrition programs .  the meat plant , closed for 'insanitary conditions ' reopened wednesday .  in separate action , philly steak and cheese hot pockets may contain recalled meat .  no illnesses have been reported in relation to the recal .
 cnn student news - december 4 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 'foxy knoxy ' to testify in italian murder case <sec> murder trial makes american student amanda knox well-known in italy .  british student meredith kercher found dead in house shared with knox .  prosecutors say they have evidence placing knox , other defendants at scene .  knox 's former boyfriend , italian raffaele sollecito , also faces murder charge .
 jeter undergoes surgery as questions linger over yankee future <sec> the bombers ' captain is expected to recover within 4-5 months , according to a team spokesman .  he finished off the year with 216 hits , the most in baseball .  news of the surgery also coincided with the birthday of another yankee icon : mickey mantl .
 can wooden skyscrapers transform concrete jungles ? <sec> 30-story wooden building planned for vancouver .  structure would not use concrete or steel .  wood-only buildings can be more eco-friendly .  potential to build higher than 100 meters , believes architect michael gree .
 u.n. security council unanimously condemns yemen <sec> u.s . .  ambassador susan e. rice said saleh 's `` continued equivocation '' weakens his country .  resolution does not sanction embattled president ali abdullah saleh .  yemen has been engulfed in months of unrest .  u.n. security council vote demands that yemen allow peaceful protest .
 doctor : woman paralyzed on flight regains some movement <sec> new : woman has two operations after injuries led to paralysis , surgeon says .  new : `` she is very brave and is talking , '' surgeon says .  woman struck head on bathroom ceiling during turbulence on plane , lawyer says .  federal aviation authorities investigating flight from houston to mcallen , texa .
 expert : treviño 's los zetas known for 'complete absence of scruples ' <sec> arrest could mean death knell for los zetas , ex-intelligence executive says .  los zetas-gulf cartel split unleashed `` violence all over northeast mexico '' .  death of u.s. agent , casino fire brought added u.s. , mexican focus on group .  los zetas include gun and human smuggling , kidnapping on criminal resum .
 review : 'informant ! ' misses the mark <sec> `` the informant ! '' .  stars matt damon as corporate worker giving info to fbi .  damon 's character is an untrustworthy provider , and actor 's performance great .  but movie plays situations too much for laughs , says ew .  `` the informant ! '' .  is directed by steven soderberg .
 mh370 : family of newlyweds aboard missing plane 'still waiting ' <sec> `` even if he 's gone , we want his body , '' says groom 's cousin .  the 239 people aboard the jetliner are presumed dead .  flight 370 vanished while flying from kuala lumpur to beijin .
 gunmen attack indian consulate in western afghanistan <sec> four gunmen attack indian consulate in afghanistan 's herat province .  two gunmen shot dead , two captured by afghan security forces .  the motive for the attack is not yet know .
 anti-drone protests take off in britain <sec> `` no to drones , '' says the drone campaign network .  the march came two days after the raf announced its program shift .  `` i 'm not 100 % sure what they are marching against , '' a former raf drone pilot say .
 olympic swimmer would n't let cancer dash his dream <sec> olympic swimmer eric shanteau found out about his cancer in june .  he delayed treatment so he could compete in the games in beijing .  he plans to compete in the 2009 world swimming championship in rome .  testicular cancer is diagnosed in about 1 in 300 men in their lifetim .
 pope benedict leads final public prayer , local media buzzes with scandal <sec> the pope says his decision was the result of a calling from god .  the italian media has been abuzz with new clergy sex allegations .  the vatican vehemently denied the allegations .  benedict has said he is stepping down because of weakness caused by agin .
 isis steps up recruitment in taliban territory <sec> a group of fighters in afghanistan is filmed by a cnn cameraman parading isis flags .  u.s. official : isis militants have `` no military capability '' at present , but are trying to recruit disillusioned taliban in several areas .  rivalry between isis and the taliban in afghanistan is fierce enough to mean the isis fighters could be killed for brandishing the fla .
 former u.s. embassy in iran : mistrust endures where hostages held - cnnpolitics.com <sec> cnn tours old embassy building in tehran - part time warp , part propaganda museum .  it shows no sign of terror around 1979-81 hostage crisis .  but counter area where u.s. marine guards had been posted still intact .  murals reinforce conspiracy theories around 9/11 attack .
 china rockets forward in race to moon <sec> china plans to launch its first manned flight to dock at space lab in 2012 .  country plans to build a space station , working towards a manned lunar landing .  china 's space ambitions are a campaign issue in the upcoming u.s. election .  china 's may overtake russia and europe 's space activities in a decade , experts say .
 greeks pushed to work more to pay debt <sec> media reports say that creditors are demanding an extension to the greek working week .  eurostat : as of may 2012 , 53.8 % of young greeks were unemployed .  eurozone members are waiting for the troika 's report on greece 's troubled econom .
 teachers say district fails to act after students hit them <sec> report : teacher says student beat her , video put on myspace .  second teacher says attacks at baltimore high school not unusual .  school district administration investigating incident , chief of staff says .  union chief meets with principals to develop safety policie .
 actress scarlett johansson is engaged <sec> the actress is engaged to romain dauriac .  her beau co-owns an independent advertising agency .  johansson 's marriage to ryan reynolds ended in 201 .
 shuttle exits and with it america 's dreams ? <sec> gene seymour : he 'll watch as space shuttle is flown above capitol .  he says as a boy he was entranced with promise of space travel .  he says u.s. early space progress tracked with civil rights movement .  seymour : discovery 's exit may signal end of america 's capacity to drea .
 faa announces review panel , management shuffle <sec> the faa shuffles key management jobs amid controllers controversy .  it names four members to a review panel that will evaluate training programs .  the panel will submit a report to faa administrator randy babbitt this fall .  the controversy includes more than a half-dozen alleged sleeping or inattentive controller .
 aruban authorities search mines in case of missing american <sec> authorities search phosphate mines in aruba .  fbi agents search the maryland home of gary giordano , an fbi official says .  aruba 's solicitor general says there 's no sign of missing woman , no evidence she is dead .  gary giordano is being held in connection with robyn gardner 's disappearanc .
 leaked documents ca n't tell the whole story <sec> kiron skinner says historians know raw data need to be analyzed and put in perspective .  primary and secondary sources and historical context must be considered , she writes .  she says undifferentiated wikileaks material does n't make sense without analysis .  skinner says jumping to ready conclusions will lead to misunderstanding .
 tiger woods wins at doral <sec> wood finishes 2 strokes ahead of steve stricker despite 2 bogeys in last 3 holes .  woods ' 76th pga tour win puts him closer to regaining the no . .  1 ranking .  it is woods ' second tournament win of the young seaso .
 north korean leader 's youngest son rising in leadership circles <sec> kim jong un is named vice chairman of military commission .  earlier , he was promoted to four-star general .  little is known about the younger kim .  kim jong il is rumored to be in poor healt .
 living with multiple sclerosis means struggles and triumphs <sec> ireporters share their experiences with multiple sclerosis .  ms affects about 400,000 americans and 2 million people worldwide .  the disease makes it difficult to control muscular activit .
