 'simpsons ' producers agree to pay cuts <sec> some producers are willing to have their pay reduced to continue the series .  the cast , however , have yet to agree to terms with the studio .  20th century fox tv has demanded a 45 % pay cu .
 cnn student news - april 24 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 giving teen moms the tools to change their lives <sec> catalina escobar began a foundation to improve children 's health .  the foundation also provides teen mothers with education and job training .  in colombia , one in five girls age 15-19 is pregnant or has been pregnant .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2013 cnn heroe .
 volvo launches china-made car in united states <sec> volvo says it will begin exporting chinese-built cars to the u.s. in may .  it 's the first time `` made in china '' cars will be available in u.s. showrooms .  but it 's unlikely that chinese car brands will take on developed market .
 liverpool put arsenal to the sword as chelsea take top spot <sec> liverpool smash five past english premier league leaders arsenal at anfield .  merseysiders win 5-1 to consolidate fourth place while gunners slip to second .  chelsea win 3-0 against newcastle at stamford bridge ; man city draw 0-0 at norwic .
 'i could n't walk ' : woman loses 276 pounds <sec> theresa borawski loses 14 pant sizes after spending years in a wheelchair .  borawski stopped eating sugar and cut out soda .  last month , she walked three miles for the first time without assistanc .
 attack on gaza hospital delivers devastation and grief <sec> shuhada al-aqsa hospital in central gaza is slammed by artillery shells .  video of the attack shows hospital staff scrambling to move patients to safety .  one patient and four visitors , three of them children , were killed , palestinians say .  israeli defense forces says hamas was storing weapons ther .
 israel announces new tenders for new settlement units in the west bank <sec> it issues tenders for the building of 1,877 settlement units .  `` the notices are for builders to bid on contracts to construct projects , '' spokesman says .  palestinian officials say the announcement is a `` slap in the face .
 terry pratchett , author of 'discworld ' novels , dies <sec> author terry pratchett has died age 66 , his website says .  `` in over 70 books , terry enriched the planet like few before him , '' says publishe .
 great web sites when aging parents need help <sec> internet can help you find qualified , trustworthy in-home care for aging parents .  empowered patient this week does a lot of the searching for you .  government and privately run sites match service providers to your need .
 would the government have spied on mlk jr. today ? <sec> the rev . .  martin luther king jr. was the subject of fbi surveillance in the 1960s .  j. edgar hoover spearheaded investigation , with approval from robert kennedy .  today 's fbi , said its director , operates under different rules and policie .
 israel 's defense minister defends raid on aid flotilla <sec> ehud barak : many options were discussed , including letting the flotilla through .  israel will not participate if the panel wants to question soldiers .  the united nations launches an investigation into the gaza flotilla incident .  nine people aboard the turkish-flagged mavi marmara died in the rai .
 zsa zsa gabor asks to spend last days at home , leaves hospital <sec> new : zsa zsa gabor was released from the hospital monday .  husband frederic von anhalt : `` doctors did everything they could do '' for gabor .  the actress asked for last rites on sunday ; gabor , 93 , broke her hip in july .  glamorous hungarian-born actress is most famous for her many marriage .
 cdc : 5 ways diseases in other countries can kill you <sec> millions could die in a worldwide influenza pandemic .  antibiotic resistance is growing globally and in the united states .  travelers may bring back more than souvenirs from abroad .  the cdc is partnering with other nations to strengthen disease respons .
 home accessories predicted to be collectible <sec> these simple , modern designs have the potential to become coveted collectibles .  the garland shade light by tord boontje features a doilylike shade in brass or silver .  the tight back sofa by baker has a maple hardwood frame , making it timeless and durabl .
 a worthy wreck for divers : uss kittiwake <sec> a decommissioned u.s. navy ship has become a popular cayman islands dive site .  the top of the ship is close to the surface and accessible to snorkelers .  divers can explore the inside of the submarine rescue shi .
 muhammad ali to be discharged after bout of pneumonia <sec> former world heavyweight champion muhammad ali has pneumonia .  the illness was discovered quickly , ali 's spokesman says .  he is expected to be out of the hospital soon , the spokesman says .  ali became heavyweight world champion for the first time in 196 .
 fighting cancer with cell phones : innovation to save lives in africa <sec> a canada-backed body is sponsoring health innovators to pursue creative ideas .  the goal is to improve access to care in developing countries .  grants of $ 100,000 have been given to 68 projects , 38 of which will be implemented in africa .  successful projects will be able to apply for funding of up to $ 1 millio .
 the screening room 's top 10 british villains <sec> cnn 's `` the screening room '' picks the top 10 on-screen british villains .  laurence olivier , peter cushing , christopher lee head the list .  think we 've missed one ? .  post your comments to the screening room blo .
 extreme sailing series : like formula one on water ? <sec> extreme sailing series likened to motor racing on the water .  america 's cup winner ben ainslie among the star names set to compete this year .  races take place everywhere from amsterdam canals to the sydney opera house .  crashes and capsizes are all in a day 's work for the competitor .
 forget the recession , live like a rock star in new hotel <sec> entrepreneur braves recession to open rock'n'roll hotel in london 's soho .  sanctum soho offers roof terrace with 24 hour bar , jacuzzi , guitar doctors .  rooms sparkle with silver wallpaper , free standing baths and champagne .  backers include iron maiden co-managers rod smallwood and andy taylo .
 'sharknado 2 ' whips up twitter feeding frenzy <sec> social media explodes for `` sharknado 3 '' .  it will debut this summer on syfy .  the storm will slam washington , before heading to florid .
 medal of honor recipient , defense contractor resolve lawsuit <sec> former marine sgt . .  dakota meyer was awarded the medal of honor in september .  he had sued a defense contractor that is also his former employer .  he said the company had punished him for objecting to a weapons sale to pakistan .  meyer and the company say the dispute has been resolved amicabl .
 arizona vigilante found guilty of murdering latino man , daughter <sec> anti-illegal immigration vigilante shawna forde is convicted of murder .  forde is found guilty of killing a latino man and his 9-year-old daughter .  forde 's two accomplices are to be tried later this yea .
 army to launch 'blimp ' that detects cruise missiles <sec> army will test balloons around washington , d.c. that guard against cruise missiles .  it 's a three-year test of the jlens system and doubles radar capabilities , army says .  `` it 's not for surveillance , '' just for cruise missiles , norad spokesman explains .  norad also will use the system to track santa claus on christmas ev .
 pakistan makes times square-linked arrest <sec> pakistani officials detain 10th person accused of link to bomb plot .  shoaib mughal was intermediary for bombing suspect , official says .  mughal owns and operates a computer parts store in islamabad , his uncle says .  uncle says mughal has never been outside pakista .
 tsa rules on international alcohol loosen up <sec> the tsa has eased up on the 3-1-1 rule , just a little .  the change affects only liquids purchased at duty-free airport shops abroad .  travelers transferring to a domestic flight can carry on their liquid .
 cindy crawford image stirs debate over 'real women ' <sec> new : marie claire mexico says photo came from december 2013 cover shoot .  new : `` cindy is an ambassador of beauty who has made history , '' editor in chief say .
 beyond concorde : the next generation of supersonic flight <sec> the quest continues for a next-generation supersonic aircraft .  aerion predicts it will have a business jet in service by about 2020 .  nasa is close to muffling the sonic boom that prevents overland supersonic flight .  some analysts question whether a market exists for expensive supersonic trave .
 angry djokovic exacts revenge on roddick <sec> novak djokovic beats andy roddick in u.s. open quarterfinal clash .  djokovic is jeered off court after post-match comments about roddick .  roddick had accused the serbian of feigning injuries , both later apologize .  djokovic will meet defending champion roger federer in semifinal .
 tech companies make progress on 'blood phones ' and 'conflict minerals ' <sec> report : tech companies are making progress on 'conflict minerals ' .  the term refers to metals that come from the democratic republic of the congo .  metals used in gadgets are said to fuel violence in that country .  while many make progress , the report gives nintendo a score of zer .
 justin bieber guard , driver arrested in georgia <sec> new : driver is released without charges .  the camera is thought to be worth $ 10,000 .  police identify the security guard as hugo hesny , 32 .  a representative for bieber declined to commen .
 climate change report : 'extremely likely ' that humans are responsible <sec> climate change deniers beware , says secretary of state john kerry .  there is even more certainty that humans are playing a role .  the report lays out projections for climate change through the end of the century .  the first section of the report is aimed at assisting policymaker .
 obama dropped ball on campaign reform <sec> president obama is criticizing influx of campaign money from undisclosed donors .  julian zelizer says obama campaigned in 2008 for finance reform .  once in office , president dropped the issue to focus on other things , zelizer says .  obama chose to live within existing system rather than reform it , he say .
 hiding in plain sight : captured benghazi suspect an enigma <sec> ahmed abu khatallah denied to cnn last year that he led the benghazi attack .  he was imprisoned under moammar gadhafi , then formed an islamist militia .  do n't fear al qaeda , he told cnn 's arwa damon .  he is being brought to the united states to face charge .
 american couple on flight 447 loved life , relatives say <sec> new : 9 french victims won trip to brazil for job performance , afp reports .  new : german victim was taking brazilian fiancee home to announce engagement .  anne and michael harris were two of three americans on air france flight 447 .  the harrises lived in brazil and were going to france for vacation , training semina .
 serie a : roma 's 100 % record ends <sec> italian league leader roma held to 1-1 draw away to torino on sunday .  alessio cerci 's equalizer denies capital club a record-extending 11th serie a win .  former roma coach claudio ranieri suffers first defeat of season with monaco .  atletico madrid keeps pressure on spanish leader barcelona with victor .
 pacquiao : god told me to retire -- but not yet <sec> pacquiao says he had a dream in which god told him to retire .  the boxer 's business manager says he is unlikely to retire this year .  boxing fans have long sought a fight between mayweather and pacquiao .  pacquiao is the first boxer to have won world titles in eight weight division .
 guinea-bissau president dies in paris <sec> president malam bacai sanha died at val-de-grace hospital in paris on monday .  he became president in september 2009 in a runoff election .  guinea-bissau has been plagued by political unrest , poverty and drug traffickin .
 cnn student news - august 25 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 jason aldean : at my show , 'you 're going to have a good time ' <sec> jason aldean and luke bryan travel to atlanta on `` my kinda party '' tour .  the pair of country singers are friends outside the music business , aldean says .  he 's also stepping out his comfort zone , collaborating with ludacris .  hunting , golfing and a couple of clothing lines keep aldean bus .
 california chrome 's jockey ready for another shot at triple crown <sec> victor espinoza says 2002 has prepared him for this year 's triple crown attempt .  twelve years ago his horse stumbled out of the gate at the belmont stakes .  espinoza says california chrome likes it when the jockey shows who is bos .
 thailand fights to stem tide of child sex tourists <sec> last year , 2,888 people were charged with having sex with children under 15 in thailand .  se asian nation the destination of choice for sex tourists looking to prey on children .  police lt. col. apichart hattasin leads unit dedicated to tracking down pedophiles .  col.apichart is clear the law in thailand needs reform to combat proble .
 the killing of bin laden : was it legal ? <sec> the administration says the mission leading to bin laden 's death was legal .  experts indicate the question of legality may come down to bin laden 's reaction to the raid .  if bin laden clearly tried to surrender , his killing may be illegal under international law .  experts are divided on the legality of the use of u.s. troops in pakista .
 police : arrest made in new york elevator burning death <sec> new : `` this is as bad as it gets , '' police official says .  new : jerome isaac came to police station `` reeking of gasoline , '' police say .  the suspect says the victim owed him $ 2,000 .  the victim is identified as deloris gillespie , 7 .
 marine loses rank for role in killing iraqi civilian <sec> cpl . .  trent d. thomas found guilty this week of conspiracy to commit murder .  marine gets rank of private , will be discharged for role in death of iraqi civilian .  group 's leader awaits trial on murder and conspiracy charge .
 bringing closure to relatives of those killed in '52 alaska crash <sec> a c-124 globemaster cargo plane crashed in alaska in november 1952 .  all 52 aboard were killed .  debris from the crash was spotted last month on a glacier several miles away .  a team is now analyzing material recovered at the sit .
 libyan rebels reject african union proposal as fighting rages <sec> new : at least 5 civilians killed and 20 people wounded in misrata , witnesses say .  opposition says it rejects any plan that does n't include gadhafi 's removal .  unicef : 20 children have been killed by shrapnel or bullet wounds in misrata .  mediators : gadhafi agrees to cease-fire , political transition and international peacekeeper .
 snow queen : violinist mae to compete in sochi <sec> violinist vanessa mae qualifies for sochi 2014 in alpine skiing .  musician will compete as vanessa vanakorn , her father 's surname , for thailand .  child prodigy has sold 10 million albums worldwide .  only one thai has previously competed at the winter olympic .
 bodies of 28 trapped turkish miners found <sec> energy minister says crews are still searching for two remaining victims .  new : turkish president abdullah gul calls for an investigation .  miners trapped after blast rocked coal mine near black sea port of zonguldak .  this is the third major accident to shake turkey 's mining industr .
 high-end coffee business slows during recession <sec> high-end specialty coffee industry not immune to effects of recession .  many companies still doing well , with some looking to expand .  hundreds of companies from around the world gathered in atlanta for annual expo .  british barista wins world barista championship held in conjunction with exp .
 opinion : why 'war on poverty ' not over <sec> stephanie coontz : aid programs changed lives since lbj declared `` war on poverty '' .  coontz : despite gains among young and elderly , politicians began cutting safety net in '80s .  she says mix of good employment trends , government help reduces poverty .  coontz : market forces boost insecurity , poverty , yet pols wo n't strengthen safety ne .
 t-mobile lets customers upgrade phones twice a year <sec> new t-mobile plan lets customers upgrade to a new phone up to twice yearly .  the upgrade program , called jump ! , will cost $ 10 per month .  in march , t-mobile began offering some plans with no contract .  it 's all part of a push by t-mobile to move out of fourth place among u.s. carrier .
 alex trebek sets record for hosting <sec> alex trebek has hosted almost 7,000 episodes of `` jeopardy ! '' .  he 's been in charge of the show since 1984 .  `` jeopardy ! '' .  will begin its 31st season in the fal .
 the elephant in the room at rio summit <sec> jenny shipley : rio summit on sustainable development must address population growth .  shipley : family planning is essential to summit 's goal , yet it 's not on agenda .  shipley says 215 million women who want to plan families have no access to birth control .  shipley : family planning enormously benefits women 's lives , the planet , economie .
 indonesian farmers : crisis as usual <sec> in 1997 indonesia farmers witnessed the collapse of the whole economy .  but the current `` crisis '' is worrying and a farmer 's daily life is getting worse .  farmers face issues including pressure on land and cheap imported goods .  indonsian farmers do n't talk of `` crisis , '' but of life 's continuing daily struggl .
 clinton granddaughter gets books at a fundraiser <sec> it was a democratic fundraiser , but it was a small library of gifts for clinton grandchild .  titles range from `` goodnight moon '' to a children 's version of `` the prince .
 why being part of a team matters <sec> participating in team sports helped douglas mogle stay fit as a teen .  after high school , practices were replaced by long work hours , dinner out .  now mogle hopes the fit nation will inspire him to push his fitness limit .
 russian anti-u.s. adoption bill advances , goes to putin for signing <sec> upper house of parliament oks ban on adoptions of russian children by u.s. families .  lawmakers in russia 's lower house of parliament adopted the bill last week .  the move is seen as retaliation for the magnitsky act , a u.s. law that restricts rights abusers .  but backers of the russian bill say american adoptive parents have been abusiv .
 alonso : ferrari too slow in china <sec> fernando alonso has said ferrari lacked race pace at the chinese grand prix .  alonso did not feel a different strategy would have had any impact on the race .  teammate felipe massa said it is easy to criticize the strategy after the rac .
 facial surgery may offer migraine cure <sec> migraine patients who responded to botox on a trigger point were enrolled in study .  patients were given real surgery to deactivate trigger point or sham surgery .  57 percent of patients who had actual surgery said migraines were eliminated .  some patients who got sham surgery reported improvements as wel .
 a friendly game unites one war-torn nation against another <sec> first international soccer match in baghdad in years brings iraqis to tears .  `` it 's my happiest moment ! '' .  an iraqi fan exclaims .  iraqi football association chose to play syrians , who are caught up in civil wa .
 'hunger games ' theme park ? we have some ideas <sec> the studio behind `` the hunger games '' is considering theme parks .  the possibility was raised during a conference call with analysts .  no other details were give .
 ben carson is living in the wrong decade ( opinion ) <sec> possible 2016 gop candidate ben carson stirs controversy with comments on gays , prison .  carson 's views belong in another decade , not modern america , john d. sutter say .
