 13 of the world 's most spectacular footbridges <sec> located in sochi , russia 's new record-breaking skybridge is 439 meters long .  travelers can view france , switzerland and italy from the aiguille du midi bridge .  more animals than people use the hanging bridge of ghasa in nepal .  based on traditional nepalese rope bridges , trift bridge is the longest and highest in the alp .
 top somali militant , wanted by u.s. , killed in infighting <sec> ibrahim al afghani was a top member of the al-shabaab militant group .  the united states had a $ 5 million bounty on his head .  fighting between two al-shabaab factions began about a month ago .  the group denies a split and blames the reports on local medi .
 obama to boost alzheimer 's research funding <sec> the obama administration proposes a $ 156 million boost in alzheimer 's funding .  a $ 50 million increase for nih research will take effect this year , on top of the current $ 450 million .  another $ 80 million research increase is proposed for next year , along with $ 26 million for related concerns .  up to 5.1 million americans suffer from alzheimer ' .
 brits say 'eu sucks ' over vacuum cleaner ban <sec> vacuum cleaners that use more than 1600 watts can no longer be sold in stores in the eu .  the european union rule is intended to improve energy efficiency .  next year the eu will consider other appliances such as mobile phones and hair dryer .
 pakistani taliban claims responsibility for mosque strike <sec> pakistani taliban claims responsibility for attack on mosque during prayers .  36 people , including children , were killed in the attack when armed militants stormed mosque .  mosque is frequented by retired and serving military officials .  november 2 attack in rawalpindi saw suicide bomber target a ban .
 venus williams faces bulgarian nemesis in last 16 at wimbledon <sec> five-time wimbledon champion venus williams through to the fourth round .  american will face tsvetana pironkova , who eliminated world no . .  2 vera zvonareva .  pironkova beat williams last year before losing to russia 's zvonareva in semifinals .  no . .  1 caroline wozniacki and 2004 champion maria sharapova win second-round matche .
 lionel messi to appear in court in tax fraud case <sec> spanish court rules that lionel messi and his father must testify in tax case .  the barcelona soccer star denies all allegations of wrongdoing .  he is accused by spanish tax authorities of handing in fraudulent returns .  the argentine is said to owe $ 5 million relating to image rights revenu .
 italy 's president asks center-left lawmaker to form government <sec> new : enrico letta highlights need to tackle unemployment , political reform in italy .  president giorgio napolitano asks the center-left politician to form a government .  letta , of the democratic party , says he will consult with political parties .  italy has been locked in a stalemate since inconclusive elections in februar .
 protests as sudan 'tight pants ' trial delayed <sec> lubna al-hussein faces a new trial date of september 7 .  al-hussein says she was arrested for wearing too-tight pants .  judge delayed trial to check whether she was immune from charge .
 liverpool 's suarez apologizes for evra handshake snub <sec> luis suarez apologizes for refusing to shake patrice evra 's hand .  uruguay star says he `` got things wrong '' before start of epl game .  suarez criticized by liverpool managing director ian ayre .  suarez got eight-game ban for racially abusing man utd 's evr .
 news report : would-be bomber was a double-agent <sec> suicide bomber volunteer was instead working as an intelligence agent , nyt reports .  agent has `` cooperated closely '' with the cia , officials tell the new york times .  the informant also provided information that aided the cia drone strike last weeken .
 ma ying-jeou : creating closer ties <sec> taiwan 's premier , ma ying-jeou , elected by biggest margin in history .  has promised to bring economic prosperity back to taiwan and engage china .  hugely difficult task ahead of strengthening ties with china and allaying public fear .
 wind shift threatens louisiana coast with oil slick , governor says <sec> louisiana has been mostly spared since oil rig exploded and sank off southeast coast .  bp hit with 3,400 claims for lost income and damages ; 295 paid , to tune of $ 3.5 million .  concert sunday to benefit south louisiana fishermen and wetlands restoratio .
 s. african hostage 's wife says she forgives his killers <sec> yolande korkie says she feels immense relief now that her husband 's suffering is over .  `` what will it help to accuse ? .  will it bring pierre back ? '' .  she asks .  her husband was killed in a failed u.s. military rescue operatio .
 two arrested in cash grab as millions spill from van <sec> the people arrested hid money in their homes , authorities say .  dozens of people return money found on street .  nearly $ 2 million spills from a cash transport into hong kong street on christmas eve .  transport company says `` majority '' of money recovere .
 queen elizabeth to become great-grandmother <sec> queen elizabeth to become a great-grandmother for first time .  grandson peter phillips and his wife , autumn , are expecting in december .  phillips is the son of princess anne and 11th in line to the thron .
 graham : 2016 hinges on immigration - cnnpolitics.com <sec> sen. lindsey graham says republicans need to tackle immigration reform in order to win the white house in 2016 .  he has not yet decided if he will make a bid for the gop nominatio .
 hurricane alex makes landfall off northeastern mexico coast <sec> new : hurricane makes landfall with 105 mph winds .  tornadoes touch down in texas .  gulf coast residents already feeling the effect .  storm continues to move away from oil spill but complicates cleanup effort .
 nidal hasan challenges witness account of fort hood shooting <sec> new : nidal hasan challenges witness who says hasan shot officer when she was down .  the judge again advises hasan not to be his own attorney .  judge excludes e-mails between nidal hasan and a key al qaeda member .  prosecutors hope to show that hasan had undergone a `` progressive radicalization .
 why booming china needs to learn the three r 's <sec> china has less than 10 % of the world 's cultivated land and only 7 % of its potable water .  pressure increasing as china 's people are living longer and eating more , according to u.n . .  china 's current five-year plan emphasizes resource conservation , environmental improvement .  hiscock : time is not on the side of the new leaders about to take offic .
 preview : the english premier league <sec> champions chelsea still the team to beat thanks to drogba/anelka strike force .  roberto mancini under heightened pressure to challenge for the title .  manchester united 's new striker javier fernandez must lessen goal-scoring burden on wayne roone .
 holy cities face threat from polluting pilgrims <sec> as millions embark on annual hajj pilgrimage , concern growns over cost to environment .  newly launched green pilgrimage network to promote sustainable sacred cities .  link between religion and ecology emphasized to inspire pilgrims to `` tread lightly '' .  mecca is introducing new metro link ; considers solar-powered mosque .
 police : shooting of two teens in texas park has 'earmarks of a targeted attack ' <sec> fbi is assisting local police in the case .  one victim died , the other is in serious condition .  the last murder in portland , texas , occurred two years ag .
 what is it like to land a plane at the world 's busiest airport ? <sec> hartsfield-jackson atlanta international airport is the world 's busiest airport .  more than 95 million passengers passed through the atlanta airport in 2012 .  it handled 930,000 flight movements in the same yea .
 opinion : how to end the elephant slaughter <sec> writers : elephant poaching in africa helps finance armed gangs and rebel armies .  they say this destabilizes nations , wipes out elephant population for ivory trade .  they say elephant range states , ivory consumer nations , ngos have new plan to push back .  writers : stopping ivory demand by changing cultural behavior will help end poachin .
 gerry adams : basque peace move an essential step <sec> basque separatist group eta said thursday it is laying down its arms .  gerry adams says there are key lessons from ireland 's experience with peacemaking .  he says violence usually occurs when people believe there is no alternative .  adams : political will , imagination and courage can make peace possibl .
 florida man cuts open truck to save kitten <sec> a vero beach , florida , man heard purring from his truck .  he sliced the truck bed to try to get the tiny animal out .  local humane society staff members helped finish the job .  donors have now offered to fix the man 's truc .
 eric holder seeks to cut mandatory minimum drug sentences - cnnpolitics.com <sec> holder announces action for `` certain low-level , nonviolent drug offenders '' .  offenders must not have ties `` to large-scale organizations , gangs or cartels '' .  holder hopes the rising cost of incarceration in the united states will begin to shrink .  the effort has diverse support , including gop sen. rand paul , democratic sen. patrick leah .
 bring some class to your social media <sec> the web is full of people who use tacky tactics on their social media platforms .  passive-aggressive grievances about someone in your circle can come off as childish .  every big announcement does n't require an accompanying photo , especially if it 's tmi .  do n't bully your friends into donating money for your latest caus .
 report : snowden 's russia asylum not breached by nsa spying reports <sec> his asylum stands despite claims that the nsa spied in germany , newspaper reports .  putin aide is cited as saying reports in the german press were not distributed from russia .  snowden was granted asylum by russia under the condition that he stops harming the u.s .
 actors ' guild approves two-year contract <sec> screen actors guild endorses package with studios and producers 78 % to 22 % .  alliance of motion picture and television producers hails the vote .  sag national president alan rosenberg thinks union settled for bad deal .  main sticking point had been how actors get paid in new-media distribution .
 should public housing projects go smoke-free ? <sec> federal housing officials argue that smoking bans would help smokers quit .  about 30 percent of americans living below the poverty line smoke tobacco .  expert : just few smokers can cause a big impact in a large apartmen .
 'cancer-free ' baby born in london <sec> `` cancer-free baby '' born ; baby girl is first in uk to be screened for cancer gene .  embryo was screened to check she did n't carry gene linked to breast , ovarian cancer .  ethicists criticize screening for genes that could cause later health problems .  doctors say cost of screening makes it unlikely all embryos will ever be teste .
 clinton urges india to go further in reducing iranian oil imports <sec> hillary clinton urges new delhi to reduce its imports of iranian oil further .  western countries are putting economic pressure on iran .  they hope that this will lead to a halt in tehran 's nuclear progra .
 shifting attitudes take gay rights fight across globe , experts say <sec> proposition 8 judge blasts stereotypes gays are `` disease vectors , '' `` child molesters '' .  experts : global attitudes shifting , resulting in acceptance for rights , marriage or civil unions .  watchdog says iran , mauritania , saudi arabia , sudan and yemen can put gays to deaths .  lesbian kiss on tv stirred controversy in 1997 ; now , shows with gays up for emmy .
 inauguration jubiliation spreads across the country <sec> new : man says obama inspires him to make earth `` a better place to live '' .  new : republican hopes obama turns out to be `` best thing since running water '' .  teen who took off school to watch speech with mom calls obama inspiring .  `` it 's a brand new day for the country , '' man in new york say .
 fmr . defense secretary on disagreements with obama - cnnpolitics.com <sec> panetta writes that obama was not forceful enough to try to keep a residual force in iraq .  the white house has said it could n't convince then-prime minister al-maliki to agree .  a u.s. presence in iraq might have prevented isis 's growth , panetta said .  panetta also describes a president of half-steps and hesitation when it came to syri .
 amid u.s.-russian tensions , space show goes on <sec> american mike hopkins returns to earth with russian , crimean cosmonauts .  even if u.s. , russia are at odds , space collaboration endures , nasa says .  u.s. astronauts have no way to get to and from the international space station .  in return , u.s. brings money , more advanced technology to tabl .
 gwyneth paltrow cuts back for food stamp challenge <sec> actress gwyneth paltrow is trying to live on $ 29 worth of food for one week .  it 's a part of the # foodbanknycchallenge , which is bringing awareness to food poverty .  paltrow was nominated by her friend chef mario batal .
 oscars home gets new name : dolby theatre <sec> a new naming rights deal creates the dolby theatre .  academy of motion picture arts and sciences decides to keep oscars there another 20 years .  eastman kodak 's bankruptcy removed film company 's name from the marquee in january .  deal ends speculation that oscars could move to a newer theate .
 super typhoon haiyan , strongest storm of 2013 , hits philippines <sec> new : `` this is really a wallop , '' says the governor of a typhoon-hit province .  new : casualties are reported , but officials say it is too early to asses extent of damage .  the storm is one of the strongest ever observed .  people left homeless by a quake on bohol island are among the most vulnerabl .
 ex-girlfriend tells how child rape suspect met girl <sec> chester stiles ' ex-girlfriend says she 's `` disgusted '' she helped him meet child .  stiles sought by police as suspect in 3-year-old girl 's videotaped rape .  ex-girlfriend tina allen says he seemed good with kids when she dated him .  allen says the girl lived in same apartment with her childre .
 seven great reads about space <sec> in honor of the shuttle program , here are seven books about aiming for the stars .  read about buzz aldrin 's life in space and on earth in his memoir `` magnificent desolation '' .  journalist andrew smith tracked down the 12 astronauts who walked the moo .
 wikileaks : heated debate in germany over nuclear weapons on its soil <sec> the german national security adviser is cool to a proposal to remove nukes from germany .  he said `` it made no sense ... while russia maintains 'thousands , ' '' a cable says .  the cable shows intense deliberations in germany , an analyst say .
 lollapalooza 2014 announces lineup <sec> lollapalooza will run august 1-3 .  there will be more than 130 acts .  most tickets are already sold ou .
 opinion : randy travis taught me country <sec> strangers are baffled when they learn lz granderson loves country music .  lz heard randy travis when he was 16 and was blown away by his voice , lyrics .  when he asked his partner to get married , lz says travis ' `` forever '' was the soundtrack .  lz : travis has had terrible struggles and his hospitalization is more sadnes .
 bahrain strips shiite activists of citizenship amid unrest <sec> new : amnesty international urges bahrain to rescind its `` frightening and chilling decision '' .  the list of 31 shiites stripped of citizenship includes prominent opposition figures .  clashes have taken place between the government and opposition since last year .  bahrain 's ruling family is sunni , but about two-thirds of the country 's people are shiit .
 why do n't we care that jessica simpson is pregnant ? <sec> new : jessica simpson confirms her pregnancy .  there is speculation that jessica simpson may be pregnant , but not much buzz .  simpson has been spotted around town rubbing a protruding bell .
 ebola facility in liberia attacked , police say <sec> experimental drug is sent to liberia , official says .  ebola patients fled during saturday 's attack in monrovia , police spokesman says .  no one was injured in the attack , spokesman say .
 procedural vote on dream act fails in senate <sec> new : obama calls failure `` incredibly disappointing '' .  the measure fell five votes short of 60 needed to be considered for final passage .  the bill would offer a path to citizenship for illegal immigrants who entered the u.s. as children .  the measure passed in the house this mont .
 missing boy found after 19 years <sec> richard wayne landers jr. and his grandparents had been missing since 1994 .  when he was 5 , he was taken from indiana .  police tracked him down recently in minnesota , living under a different name .  his grandparents , who also have aliases , live nearb .
 'eureka moment ' for canada 's kayak king adam van koeverden <sec> adam van koeverden is an olympic kayak champion .  the canadian has won four olympic medals and two world titles .  he took up the sport as a 13-year-old after spotting advert in local newspaper .  now 31 , he is aiming to win gold at rio 2016 olympic .
 lawyer : john travolta 'vindicated ' in sex suit <sec> john doe # 1 withdraws from the suit ; he misstated the date of the alleged incident .  `` my client will similarly be vindicated with respect to doe # 2 , '' travolta 's lawyer says .  remaining plaintiff claims travolta groped him during a massage at an atlanta hotel .  the plaintiff 's lawyer vows to `` mop up '' in court with witnesses and document .
 inner mongolia official disputes report of martial law in region <sec> the region in northeast has long been the scene of ethnic tension .  the tension is between mongolians and han people .  han people are the majority ethnic group in chin .
 opinion : privacy is not dead <sec> jack cheng : i live my life in the open , i 'm ok with websites and services tracking me .  cheng : the revelation that the government has been snooping on calls is not a shocker .  he says while young people share everything , privacy is not dead ; it 's different .  cheng : privacy is contingent on what services we choose to use and how we use the .
 facebook app tells college applicants what their chances are <sec> splash networks wants to make selecting schools to send an application to easier .  admissionsplash shows prospective students how likely it is that they will be admitted .  app runs customized equations for about 1,500 school .
 goalkeeper lehmann comes out of retirement to sign for arsenal <sec> arsenal manager arsene wenger confirms jens lehmann set to re-sign for the club .  lehmann spent five years at arsenal between 2003-2008 .  former germany international retired from the game in may 2010 .  lehmann has had controversial career and fell out with arsenal keeper manuel almuni .
 report : dozens killed in myanmar earthquake <sec> at least 75 people are killed .  the 6.8-magnitude quake injures at least 111 .  myanmar has been badly hit by natural disasters in the past few years .
 mistrial for security contractors accused of killing civilians <sec> new : defense attorney says a retrial is likely .  deadlocked jury brings mistrial declaration .  two contractors were accused of killing two afghanistan civilians .  defendants worked for a subsidiary of the company formerly called blackwate .
 owner sentenced in fatal club fire ; band absolved <sec> new : `` justice we were hoping for does not exist , '' victim 's kin says of band acquittal .  members of the callejeros band had been indicted in the case .  venue in buenos aires , argentina , was overcrowded ; many exits closed illegally .  club 's owner , band manager sentenced to prison for 2004 fire that killed 19 .
 protesters around the world march against egypt 's mubarak <sec> protests are held in london , geneva and toronto .  in geneva , people chant slogans in arabic , french and englis .
 nigerian military : over 100 girls abducted from school are freed , 8 still missing <sec> only eight of the 129 school girls abducted are still missing , says the military .  the girls were seized by suspected boko haram militants .  the students were loaded onto buses and trucks , says one who escaped .  military search teams are focusing on the forest in northeast nigeri .
 commentary : why is the gop scared of black voters ? <sec> martin : republican outreach efforts to black voters are lacking .  martin : democrats win the black vote because they try for it .  martin : gop could appeal to blacks on immigration , education , health car .
 insurgents attack bases in afghanistan <sec> new : the u.s. embassy says there are reports of injuries .  new : `` this is a failed attack by the taliban , '' an afghan official says .  isaf says a suicide car bomb exploded outside an isaf base in the panjwai region .  no casualties reported among prt or military personne .
