 'mr . marlboro ' : the veteran jihadist behind the attack in algeria <sec> belmoktar has long been a target of french counter-terrorism forces .  analysts believe the attack is too sophisticated to have been planned in days .  belmoktar earns the nickname `` belaouar '' -- the `` one-eyed '' -- after a battlefield injury .  he allegedly is involved in smuggling drugs , weapon and peopl .
 hospitalized billy graham continues to show improvement <sec> evangelist , 93 , showing progress in recovery from pneumonia , hospital says .  he is walking more , north carolina hospital spokeswoman says .  graham was admitted to the asheville hospital wednesday in stable condition .  no discharge date has been set ; he also was hospitalized in ma .
 obama signs u.s.-israel security act on eve of romney trip <sec> the measure enhances security ties between the two allies .  obama also announces u.s. funding for israel 's iron dome missile defense system .  mitt romney travels to israel on saturday to meet with leaders there .  democratic sponsors of the bill deny any political mischief in the timing of friday 's even .
 drawing fire : iran 's sketches of satire <sec> iranian cartoonists satirizing political system face great pressure .  book of iranian political cartoonists ' work published to honor their role in society .  satire used when straightforward expression is difficult or suppressed .  more satirists and comedians appearing across the region , says u.s. arabic comedian dean obeidalla .
 why young evangelicals are leaving church <sec> many young evangelicals are abandoning their churches , says laura sessions stepp .  these young dropouts are tired of being told how they should live their lives , stepp says .  because of social issues , former evangelicals may very well vote democratic , she says .  stepp : in a very tight presidential race , millennials ' votes might make the differenc .
 kaka is named top european player <sec> brazilian kaka is named european player of the year .  the ac milan player is chosen ahead of cristiano ronaldo of manchester utd .  argentine lionel messi of barcelona finishes thir .
 afghan president : u.s. airstrike killed 11 civilians <sec> amnesty international calls for a transparent investigation .  afghan president hamid karzai says women and children were among those killed .  a spokesman for isaf says it is looking into the circumstances of the operation .  another airstrike on the same night killed an armed militant , he say .
 weiner would n't have been in race without wife by his side <sec> huma abedin 's blessing was critical to his mayoral campaign .  consultant says winning the trust of the person you harmed most is key to moving on .  women who are wronged by cheating spouse are often in no-win situation , psychologist say .
 newly discovered frog species looks like kermit <sec> the newly discovered species looks a lot like kermit .  you can see its internal organs through the translucent skin on its bell .
 special nicu mimics mother 's womb for micro preemies <sec> fewer than 1 % of babies are `` micro preemies , '' a term that varies in definition by hospital .  small baby unit at california hospital mimics womb with soft lighting , low sounds .  experts say touch can help mitigate pain of medical procedures for preemie .
 opinion : will jeb bush end christie 's chances ? <sec> errol louis : `` bridgegate '' has hurt christie 's chances , cleared way for jeb bush in 2016 .  he says christie and rising bush both seen as moderates in fractured gop .  he says polls favor bush over christie and donors leaning toward ex-florida governor .  louis : bush faces no scandal , can appeal to latinos on immigration issue .
 preservation vs. progress in turkey 's eco-haven <sec> proposed dam in northeast turkey could provide abundant power supply .  the project would lead to flooding of whole towns in ecologically rich area .  issue is increasingly sensitive as some financial backers pull out of project .  area is one of u.n.-designated biodiversity hotspot .
 afghan females imprisoned for 'moral crimes , ' human rights watch says <sec> running away from home without a man 's permission can put a juvenile female in jail .  zina -- having sex with someone other than a husband -- is also a common charge .  human rights watch says many of the imprisoned women were running away from abuse .  the judicial system `` is simply not supporting women , '' an afghan legislator say .
 escape to the cape , share your photos while you drive <sec> a cape town start-up offers tours of the city in 3g wi-fi equipped vehicles .  called escape to the cape , the company was founded by a former banker .  founder won the 2012 emerging tourism entrepreneur of the year awar .
 royal baby : why a princess would be best <sec> british monarchy 's 1,000-year history has seen 34 kings and just 6 queens on the throne .  victoria arbiter argues the royal family needs a baby girl to fill the female void of future generation .
 4 kidnapped from juarez , mexico , wedding found dead , police say <sec> dead include the groom , who was a u.s. citizen , fbi says .  four bodies showed signs of torture , police say .  a fifth man was fatally shot in the incident at saturday weddin .
 opinion : soma disaster threatens turkey 's fragile social contract <sec> karabekir akkoyunlu : disaster exposes turkey as 21st-century dickensian dystopia .  those in power have displayed a brazen lack of humility and sense of responsibility , he says .  akkoyunlu : erdogan views such `` accidents '' as unfortunate but unavoidable side effects .  erdogan can not sustain his popularity through nationalist propaganda , he write .
 acorn announces new training , review after 'prostitution ' videos <sec> people disguised as pimp , prostitute secretly filmed group 's employees .  `` we have all been deeply disturbed '' by videos , ceo says .  steps include hiring freeze , independent review of programs .  fbi director hints at justice department investigatio .
 u.s. military : taliban killings prompted airstrikes <sec> new : taliban used grenades , paraded bodies through villages , official says .  new : u.s. believes taliban planned attack expecting u.s. to call in airstrikes .  civilians killed in u.s. airstrikes in afghanistan , red cross says .  news of strike comes as afghan president visiting washington for talk .
 bin laden 's death may have little impact on war , terror threat <sec> in afghanistan , `` all the issues that divide the ethnic groups are still there , '' .  `` his legacy is at least hundreds of thousands of dead people , the vast majority of whom were muslims '' .  over the long term , `` i think his death is irrelevant , '' said boston university professo .
 deep , 6.2-magnitude quake strikes near anchorage <sec> new : there are more than a dozen aftershocks following the main quake .  new : seismologist : the quake was abnormally deep , felt over a large area .  new : pictures show toppled shelves , cracked walls , dangling ceiling panels .  the 64-mile deep earthquake was centered 80 miles northwest of anchorag .
 california prison hunger strike called off <sec> some california inmates had been on hunger strike since july .  all inmates are taking meals again , the corrections department says .  reforms to solitary confinement procedures will continue , it say .
 subdued serena overpowers sister venus in charleston <sec> serena williams beats older sister venus to reach family circle cup final .  world no . .  1 triumphs in less than an hour as she continues title defense .  williams will next play former top-ranked player jelena jankovic .  davis cup champions czech republic lose doubles in kazakhsta .
 for north korea , the war is n't over , says freed u.s. vet <sec> new : another american is still being held by north korean authorities .  merrill newman , 85 , was detained in october .  he returned to the united states this weekend .  `` the north koreans seem to have misinterpreted my curiosity , '' he say .
 in a first , u.s. to use nsa surveillance against terror suspect <sec> feds say for first time it will use nsa surveillance against a criminal defendant .  a terror suspect will now have legal standing to challenge controversial nsa program .  previous legal challenges to program failed because they did n't have standing .  terror defendant is an uzbekistan refugee accused of aiding islamic jihad unio .
 htc launches new htc one line of smartphones <sec> the camera takes photos in 0.7 seconds , has 8 megapixels and uses an f/2.0 lens .  the company also launched two other htc one devices -- the htc one s and the htc one v .  all three devices should be hitting the market in the next two months , likely in apri .
 congressional women battle the press for a win on a softball field <sec> the event draws a bipartisan crowd .  supreme court justice sonia sotomayor throws out first pitch .  the congressional women beat a team of female journalists 5- .
 economy , security in spotlight as obama heads to costa rica <sec> foreign minister : in obama 's first administration , he seemed indifferent to latin america .  traveling to costa rica to meet with central american leaders is a change , he says .  economic issues are a priority during obama 's costa rica trip .  official : `` the extraordinary violence that has ravaged central america '' also on agend .
 hong kong man convicted of human trafficking in canada <sec> hong kong man convicted of human trafficking in landmark case in vancouver .  franco orr yiu-kwan charged over filipino maid he brought from hong kong .  court was told how the maid worked 16 hours a day for 21 months without a holiday .  the charge carries a maximum sentence of life in prison and a $ 1 million fin .
 music fan describes the night he met two legendary pauls <sec> music fan rick glover met guitar legend les paul and former beatle sir paul mccartney .  paul was performing at the iridium jazz club in new york and mccartney joined him on stage .  after the performance , mccartney signed autographs and talked with members of the audienc .
 photos published of alleged u.s. atrocities in afghanistan <sec> photographs have been published of what appear to be u.s. soldiers posing over dead afghan civilians .  the photos were published by der spiegel in germany .  spc . .  jeremy morlock and pfc . .  andrew holmes are featured in the photographs , according to der spiegel .  twelve u.s. soldiers have been charged in an alleged conspiracy to murder afghan civilians and cover it u .
 taiwan 's leader takes blame for typhoon response <sec> taiwan 's leader says he takes blame for slow typhoon response .  ma ying-jeou has refused to stand down over criticism .  typhoon killed 123 people in taiwan and left many thousands homeles .
 k.d . lang ending domestic partnership with girlfriend <sec> k.d . .  lang filed legal documents to end her domestic partnership .  jamie price has been her partner for nearly nine years .  the couple met through their mutual buddhist teache .
 costa rica see off nine-man bolivia to leave argentina on the brink <sec> costa rica grab their first points of the copa america with a 2-0 win over bolivia .  the result means argentina must beat costa rica on monday to avoid elimination .  colombia lead group a on four points , with costa rica on three and argentina on tw .
 state reverses itself , will seek death in casey anthony case <sec> florida 's turnaround could have a major impact on how the case plays out .  casey anthony 's defense filed motion for more phone records from a dozen people .  motion asks for all `` phone calls , text messages '' of those associated with cas .
 second life 's 2nd value : testing ideas <sec> second life 's real value may be to test ideas , analysts say .  many companies already have moved employee training to second life .  some creations in second life are operating on their ow .
 report : family killed with impunity in the philippines <sec> the ampatuan family is implicated in a 2009 political massacre .  the crimes are considered the worst politically motivated killings in recent philippine history .  dozens of people were ambushed , their bodies buried in a mass grav .
 bay bridge closure threatens to snarl traffic at least one more day <sec> san francisco-oakland bay bridge closes after parts of it fall to roadway .  repair work ongoing , but there 's no word when bridge will reopen .  travelers flock to public transit , including trains and ferries .  repairs aim to stop vibration , which may have caused the proble .
 bail hearing for imams accused of aiding pakistani taliban pushed back <sec> new : irfan khan , one of 6 people charged , puts off entering a plea in los angeles .  hafiz and his son izhar khan say they both need time to sort out their legal representation .  federal authorities claim the 6 gave money for a conspiracy to kill , injure and kidnap people .  a muslim group 's official says of the indictment : `` everyone is in shock .
 another turn in baby-shooting saga : commissioner arrested <sec> new : the mother and sister of a suspect have been ordered held without bond .  the city official is related to the family of one of the murder suspects , his wife says .  attorney : james henry brooks was n't trying to interfere with investigation .  two brunswick , georgia , teenagers have been charged with murde .
 cnn student news <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 tiananmen : activists mark date that ca n't be mentioned <sec> june 4 marks 23 years since chinese soldiers opened fire on students .  more than 100,000 people are expected to gather in hong kong to mark deaths .  event passes once again without mention in chinese mainland press .  weibo posts relating to the date are being deleted by government censor .
 opinion : a year after snowden , the real costs of nsa surveillance <sec> it 's been a year since edward snowden 's disclosures about nsa spying .  danielle kehl , kevin bankston : nsa programs hurt u.s. economic interests and policies .  they say the agency has also deliberately weakened internet security and standards .  kehl , bankston : we need a firm commitment from u.s. government to reform the ns .
 passions on display over zimmerman verdict <sec> protesters demanding changes to florida law stage sit-in at governor 's office .  `` this is not over , all is not lost , '' atlanta civil rights leader says at tuesday event .  protests against zimmerman verdict planned in 100 u.s. cities on saturday .  `` on saturday night we lost the battle but the war is not over , '' the rev . .  al sharpton say .
 hinckley hearing focuses on his relationships <sec> hinckley until recently was engaged to a former patient , a doctor says .  he had tried a singles group but `` was asked to leave , '' the doctor says .  his `` treatment team '' wants him to spend more time in williamsburg , the doctor says .  hinckley was found not guilty by reason of insanity in the shooting of president reaga .
 opinion : what we learned from vermont 's epic flood <sec> deb markowitz : vermonters ' hearts and prayers are with flood victims in colorado .  she says vermont learned lessons from the epic floods from tropical storm irene .  markowitz : one lesson is to resist temptation to build back in the same form as befor .
 memo : violations benefited tulsa reserve deputy <sec> documents show that officers thought robert bates got special treatment .  the reserve deputy has pleaded not guilty to charge of second-degree manslaughter .  bates says meant to use his taser but shot eric harris by mistak .
 doctors operating without anesthesia in misrata hospital <sec> a doctor tells cnn that 109 people were killed in misrata over the past week .  more than 1,300 people have been wounded .  the hospital only has 60 beds and doctors are operating in corridor .
 pato goal gives ac milan narrow victory <sec> alexander pato scores seventh minute goal as ac milan defeat fiorentina 1-0 .  the win puts milan within six points of serie a leaders and rivals inter at top .  milan supporters display displeasure at kaka 's possible departure from clu .
 phillips ' incest claim draws attention to taboo <sec> actress said she had sexual relationship with her father for years .  experts : incest is one of the most under-reported and least discussed crimes .  real healing after incest is possible , phillips say .
 10,000 claims over 9/11 illness , injuries settled <sec> wtc captive insurance co. announced settlements with more than 10,000 plaintiffs .  settlements could total up to $ 657 million .  wtc captive provides coverage to the city and its debris-removal contractors .  settlement would provide system to pay for compensation of injury claim .
 commentary : obama 's asu legacy <sec> mark preston : arizona state university decided not to give obama an honorary degree .  university said no degree because his `` body of work is yet to come '' .  preston : is n't winning office as first african-american a significant achievement ? .  he says obama comes out ahead by having scholarship program named after hi .
 djokovic extends winning streak to reach miami final <sec> novak djokovic reaches final of masters 1000 tournament in miami .  serbian star beats american mardy fish in straight sets .  he will play roger federer or rafael nadal in sunday 's final .  andy murray appoints ross hutchins as his new coac .
 michael brown shooting : fbi analyzing alleged audio <sec> a forensic audio expert says at least 10 shots are fired in the recording .  lawyer : the fbi questioned a man whose audio might contain the michael brown shooting .  the audio was recorded during a video chat with a friend .  cnn can not independently confirm whether the shots heard were from the brown inciden .
 north and south korea tentatively agree to talks on industrial zone <sec> new : north korea proposes `` working contact '' in kaesong on sunday .  new : it also says it will reopen a communications channel severed during recent tensions .  south korea has suggested ministerial talks in seoul on wednesday .  the north offered the talks to discuss the shuttered industrial site and other issue .
 political crisis erupts in venezuela after primary elections <sec> at least 1 critically hurt when opposition tries to stop confiscation of voter lists .  the supreme court ordered the election documents not be destroyed .  an opposition leader calls the decision tantamount to `` state terrorism '' .  the opposition says voter lists can be used for intimidatio .
 russian magnate wins libel case over poisoning report <sec> boris berezkovsky awarded £150,000 in damages after libel case .  russian tycoon disputed rtr report claiming he was behind murder of alexander litvinenko .  former russian spy litvinenko died in 2006 from a massive dose of polonium-210 .  judgment was issued in london because rtr broadcasts to britai .
 rugby sevens ' big bash in the far east <sec> hong kong provides the social showpiece of the hsbc sevens world series .  the rugby tournament has been running for four decades .  fiji has won the title for the past two year .
 airport screeners get kit to test for dangerous powders <sec> tsa kits will allow testing for explosive powders .  the agency said the testing will have little noticeable impact on passengers .  the initial carry-on screening process will not change .  potentially hazardous powders will be mixed with a solution for testin .
 anchorman has brush with death , twice <sec> on august 1 , leon harris felt terrible pain .  doctors told him he had a condition called necrotizing pancreatitis .  harris recovered and some are calling it miraculou .
 top saudi cleric : ok for young girls to wed <sec> grand mufti speaks out after judge refuses to annul marriage of man , 47 , to girl , 8 .  sheikh abdul aziz al-sheikh : `` shariah law has not brought injustice to women '' .  human rights commission fighting child marriage .
 democrats ' climate change effort might be more than a one-night stand <sec> senate democrats held all-night session to draw attention to climate change .  the issue has fallen off the radar with the help of wealthy opponents .  wealthy environmentalist tom steyer has put it back in the spotligh .
 online database reveals estates of marx , darwin <sec> the wills are published online for the first time .  they show karl marx died a poor man , but charles darwin was wealthy .  antarctic explorer ernest shackleton did not leave much , either .  there are also entries for charles dickens and lewis carrol .
 rafael nadal untroubled but andy murray on the brink at french open <sec> rafael nadal beats leonardo mayer in straight sets .  andy murray locked in five set struggle when play halted .  gael monfils wins epic five-setter against fabio fognini .  sloane stephens to face simona halep in last 1 .
