 yemeni 'child bride ' questions renew calls for end to practice <sec> in yemen , authorities say the story of the death of an 8-year-old bride is false .  last week , there were reports that she died days after being married off to a 40-year-old man .  activists calling for the end to such marriages say the story sheds light on the issue .  yemen should end the practice , human rights watch says , but cultural practices are in the wa .
 man accused of stalking , threatening to kill tv anchorwomen <sec> david lee simpson , 48 , was arrested in new york ; he will be taken to arizona .  he allegedly targeted the women because of their coverage of the jodi arias trial .  a search of simpson 's car turned up guns , ammunition and handcuff .
 the real 'alpha house ' : yes , this is where some senators actually live - cnnpolitics.com <sec> what resembles a frat house is actually home to prominent democratic lawmakers .  rep. george miller and sens . .  chuck schumer and dick durbin have lived there for decades .  old records and books , a mattress off the kitchen , an ancient stove with a hole in it -- a time warp .  the washington political fixtures are friends , and are only in town a few days a wee .
 after obama visit and nba finals ad , native americans visible again <sec> native americans appeared in big stories in mainstream media recently .  this visibility is rare but becoming more common , author says .  simon moya-smith : native americans are reclaiming our voice , and image .
 singapore air show : the airbus , boeing battle for asia 's skies <sec> singapore airshow begins with a350 xwb flyover .  airbus announces $ 6.4 billion deal with vietjetair .  over 35 % of airplane deliveries in next 20 years set to be in asia .  boeing : asia is center of aviation for the worl .
 icc to libya : hand over gadhafi 's son <sec> libya has consistently said gadhafi should be tried in the nation .  it says the hague-based court does not have jurisdiction in the case .  gadhafi has been held in the libyan city of zintan since his capture in 201 .
 songwriter lp goes into the wild -- as a singer <sec> singer lp 's cd/dvd , `` into the wild , '' comes out tuesday .  she made a name in the industry as a songwriter for pop artists like rihanna , backstreet boys .  her song , `` into the wild , '' was featured in a citi commercial , has millions of plays on youtube .  she 's working with green day producer rob cavallo on an album to release later this yea .
 hong kong to chinese shoppers : 'go home ' <sec> hong kong protests highlight rift between the city and mainland china .  residents say massive influx of chinese has disturbed peace , and driven up prices .  but the protests points at a deeper issue about hong kong identit .
 snowstorm , fierce winds and deadly flooding thrash middle east <sec> temperatures are below the regional average for this time of year .  u.n. agency : syrian refugee children face miserable conditions , need winter clothes .  heavy snow has paralyzed istanbul , with 39 turkish airlines flights cancele .
 'gangnam style ' dominates uk chart <sec> `` gangnam style '' hits top spot in uk singles chart , first for a korean singer .  the song , made famous through psy 's viral video , is number 2 in billboard chart .  cebu inmates performed version of the son .
 castro equals course record on players debut , woods & mcilroy start well <sec> roberto castro leads players championship after record-equaling opening round .  the american shot a nine-under-par 63 to lead the field by three shots .  rory mcilroy and zach johnson tied for second place on six under .  tiger woods bogeys the 18th to sit tied for fourth on five unde .
 russia offers alternate takes to what brought down mh17 <sec> a rebel commander says many of those on mh17 were dead before it was shot down .  moscow claims the plane was shot down by a ukrainian fighter jet .  claim : mh17 was traveling along almost the same route as putin 's presidential plane .  a rebel leader denies a string of evidence pointing to his forces shooting down mh1 .
 aunt : josh young 'very distraught ' at trey zwicker 's funeral <sec> josh young is accused of helping his father kill his stepbrother , trey zwicker .  his aunt , cynthia guenther , testifies young was distraught at the funeral .  the defense rests its case ; closing arguments are nex .
 energized muslim brotherhood in libya eyes a prize <sec> the brotherhood in libya is energized by the sudden upheaval sweeping the arab world .  it says it has no organizational links with the brotherhood elsewhere .  it is largely drawn from educated middle classes in tripoli and benghaz .
 suspected pirates rescued in gulf of aden <sec> seven somali men in possession of rocket grenades and ak-47 guns rescued .  danish navy ship picked them up in the pirate-plagued gulf of aden .  the patrol craft responded to a small skiff 's calls for assistance off yemeni coast .  ship 's crew instructed to hand over the men to the yemen coast guar .
 opinion : send u.s. marshals to the border <sec> ruben navarrette : obama needs to send u.s. marshals to protect women , kids at border .  federal law enforcement relocation operation met with protests in murrieta , california .  on july 4 , border patrol tricked the anti-immigration protesters by going somewhere else .  the faces in murrieta reminded navarrette of white southerners blocking desegregatio .
 paraguayan president replaces officials after deadly clashes <sec> president replaces interior minister , police chief .  authorities try to evict peasants camping in east paraguay .  peasants open fire , leading to 10 civilian and 7 police deaths , a hospital official says .  the chief of the national police 's special operations unit is among those killed , police sa .
 ipad mini review : more than just a smaller face <sec> the ipad mini hits the spot with its perfectly portable size , but the price tag is high .  buyers could be disappointed by the lack of a retina display on the mini .  ipad mini is great for consuming content , but 10-inch ipad is still best as a pc replacemen .
 honduras suspends relations with argentina <sec> honduras takes action after its ambassador is expelled from argentina .  argentina ousted ambassador because she backed new honduras government .  argentina among nations demanding that ousted honduran president be restored .  honduran president jose manuel zelaya ousted in military coup in jun .
 doctor , nurse describe michael jackson 's pleas for help sleeping <sec> new : jackson asked for `` intravenous sleep medicine , '' dr. allan metzger says .  new : nurse cherilyn lee , who told cnn jackson asked her for propofol , testifies .  defense starts case after prosecution rests monday .  katherine jackson may miss the verdict if the trial lasts into next wee .
 demaio accuser turns to lie detector to bolster claims <sec> todd bosnich has accused congressional candidate carl demaio of sexual harassment .  demaio has denied the allegations .  bosnich released the results of an independent lie detector tes .
 how the ebola virus spreads <sec> ebola is spread by someone who has become sickened by the virus .  from there , the actual transmission occurs through contact with bodily fluids .  those bodily fluids include sweat , blood and feces .  the virus can also spread through bodily fluids after the infected victim die .
 failed bomb attempts kill 11 militants in somalia <sec> militants were planning attacks around mogadishu , somali officials say .  ten were killed while working on a car bomb .  al-shabaab has warned about more attacks during ramada .
 bieber camp mum over anne frank controversy ; rabbi defends him <sec> new : anne frank `` was infatuated with hollywood , '' rabbi says .  there will be no statement from bieber or his camp , a source close to him tells cnn .  the 19-year-old pop star sparked outrage with comments in a guest book .  he wrote that he hopes frank `` would have been a belieber .
 cyprus ' energy treasure chest locked beneath the sea <sec> cypriot gas reserves in the offshore aphrodite field are estimated to be between 3.6 and 6 trillion cubic feet . .  cyprus ' energy minister said the just a fraction of the gas reserves could serve the country for up to 25 years . .  the energy minister believes it will take until the end of the decade before cyprus sees any direct benefit from the gas .
 opinion : can zuckerberg really connect 5 billion people ? <sec> mark zuckerberg is starting an initiative to bring internet access to 5 billion people .  jason buckweitz : internet.org is very ambitious but there are major hurdles to overcome .  he says that connectivity is unaffordable for most people in the developing world .  buckweitz : in places like africa , there is not much disposable income left after paying for foo .
 police : man with bombs 'ready for war ' with city <sec> police : man had bombs , loaded magazines and 4,000 rounds of ammunition .  an officer and two civilians jumped on the man and subdued him .  michael solano , 54 , was out on bail from a july incident involving bombs , police said .  solano is now being held in lieu of $ 2 million bai .
 nico rosberg extends title lead at hockenheim <sec> nico rosberg wins german grand prix at hockenheim .  extends lead in formula one title race .  mercedes teammate lewis hamilton fights his way through field for third place .  felipe massa survives spectacular first lap cras .
 how lausanne , switzerland , handled hectic nuclear talks <sec> this week 's talks on an iranian nuclear deal framework are historic .  the negotiations demonstrated diplomacy at its best , but also at its most hectic .  reporters resorted to ambushes to talk to officials ; negotiations were `` sometimes emotional and confrontational .
 jet engine makers get lift from 3-d printing technology <sec> a new engine , called leap , incorporates a nozzle made by 3-d printing .  the material used for the fan blades is a tough ceramic that reduces the weight of the plane by 1,000 pounds .  ge aviation has acquired companies that specialize in direct metal laser sintering .  airbus has also started to experiment with additive manufacturin .
 navy guards accused of abusing detainees in iraq <sec> navy guards accused of assaulting detainees at camp bucca .  eight prisoners were confined to cell sprayed with riot control agent , navy says .  navy : two detainees allegedly left with minor bruise .
 same-sex marriage is about equality , not religion <sec> o.c . .  allen says he is a product of `` the black church , '' which helped shape him into a pastor .  when he announced he was gay , he found that god 's love and the church 's love can differ .  he and partner married ; he says he realized marriage about right to equal benefits under law .  allen : gay and heterosexual couples must see their commonalit .
 duchess attends first public event since pregnancy revealed <sec> new : duchess presents awards in striking , figure-hugging dress .  prince william 's wife spent days in hospital suffering acute morning sickness .  catherine presented prizes at bbc 's sports personality of the year awards in londo .
 bcs vs. playoff debate comes to capitol hill <sec> bowl championship series decides college football 's national champ .  perennial argument is that a playoff system would be a better way to decide .  house committee hears testimony from officials , coaches on both side .
 japan may withdraw military from iraq <sec> japan may withdraw the last of its military mission in iraq by the end of the year .  japan 's military has airlifted materials , troops between kuwait and iraq since 2006 .  japanese ground force deployed in iraq in 2004 to aid reconstruction left in 2006 .  japanese navy continues refueling missions in support of coalition in afghanista .
 malaysia court upholds anwar ibrahim sodomy conviction <sec> `` i will never surrender , '' anwar tells cnn after court rejects his appeal .  `` grim day for human rights and democracy in malaysia , '' tweets rights activist .  the government denies the case was political , saying the judiciary is independen .
 boeing , union agree for commercial jet to be made in washington state <sec> machinists ' union votes in favor of building boeing 's new jet in washington state .  boeing and the union disagreed over pension plans but came to an agreement .  the 51 % -49 % vote was a dramatic reversal in machinsts ' stance .  the deal means major economic activity and thousands of jobs stay in the stat .
 star quality , star photographer <sec> ernst haas , a celebrated 20th-century photographer , was a regular on movie sets .  his work from the industry has been brought together in a new book , `` ernst haas : on set .
 how french football 's 'ugly ducklings ' beat the big boys <sec> montpellier win the french league for the first time in club 's history .  beat auxerre 2-1 to beat second placed paris st. germain to the title .  no one expected the unfancied club to win ; coach called them his `` ugly ducklings '' .  psg bought by qatari investors ; one player worth more than entire montpellier tea .
 official : burned islamic religious material had 'extremist inscriptions ' <sec> new : commander of nato-led force mandates training on handling religious materials .  official : some documents were `` extremist in and of themselves '' .  commander gen. john allen says he has launched an investigation .  muslims regard the quran as their holy boo .
 reports : three former murdoch tabloid journalists plead guilty to phone hacking <sec> three news of the world journalists plead guilty to phone hacking in trial in london .  neville thurlbeck , james weatherup and greg miskiw plead guilty , report british media .  rebekah brooks and andy coulson are accused of conspiring to hack voice mails .  they both formerly edited the now-defunct news of the world newspape .
 cigarette tax back from the dead <sec> state officials say decision for tax hike on cigarettes is weeks away .  as of thursday night , at least 829,863 votes were yet to be counted .  proposition 29 was the subject of a fierce advertising campaig .
 facts whisper , fears scream during crisis <sec> we are hard-wired to react with fear to what we do n't understand , grant says .  expert says there is a fear overload and a shortage of fact .  officials in japan have told people that radiation levels pose no risk to health .  a caveat : this emergency is in uncharted territor .
 photos capture plundering of earth 's resources <sec> shortlist for prix pictet photography award highlights destruction of natural resources .  twelve world-renowned photographers are up for the award .  prize of 100,000 chf ( $ 97,500 ) goes to the winner announced on october 2 .
 for mackenzie phillips , drugs overshadowed promising career <sec> mackenzie phillips believes she had `` genetic predisposition '' to substance abuse .  dad showed her how to roll joint when she was 10 , she tells `` today '' show .  drug abuse forced her out of role on successful cbs sitcom `` one day at a time '' .  watch mackenzie phillips on larry king live , wednesday 9 p.m. e .
 typhoon haiyan survivors flee tacloban misery on navy ship to cebu <sec> typhoon survivors arrive in cebu after 24-hour sea journey from tacloban .  evacuees received boxes of fried chicken and rice , as well as water .  many survivors were injured ; medical teams treated spinal injuries , skin infections .  cars , trucks lined streets to carry survivors to shelters and other parts of the countr .
 fbi seeking suspect for possession of explosive materials <sec> ryan kelly chamberlain ii , 42 , was last seen saturday south of san francisco .  he should be considered armed and dangerous , the fbi says .  `` we do n't know the intent or motive yet , '' an agent tells reporter .
 israel bombs targets in gaza <sec> 1 dead in strike on tunnel .  another thought to be missing .  idf says strike in response to mortar fir .
 abbas : closing jerusalem holy site means 'war ' <sec> new : israeli police announced that they will reopen the temple mount .  new : the site will only be open to women and elderly men on friday , spokeswoman says .  rabbi yehuda glick was shot and hospitalized in serious condition .  police say they shot and killed a suspect in the shooting after he fired at the .
 airasia flight climbed quickly before crash <sec> plane was climbing twice as fast as it should have been , analyst says .  airasia flight qz8501 `` ascended suddenly , '' indonesia 's transportation minister says .  at one point , the plane climbed at a speed of 6,000 feet per minute , he say .
 sharapova to face li na in edgbaston final <sec> maria sharapova into final of wta tour event in birmingham .  russian superstar will play li na of china in sunday 's showdown .  sharapova taken to three sets by american qualifier alison risk .
 wrestling reinstated to olympic program for 2020 games in tokyo <sec> wrestling back on olympic program for 2020 games in tokyo .  beats off challenge of baseball/softball and squash .  wins on first round of voting by 125th ioc session in buenos aires .  sport had been dogged by allegations of corruption and poor governanc .
 'star trek 's ' arlene martel , spock 's fiancee , dies <sec> arlene martel 's ethnic ambiguity earned her the nickname `` the chameleon '' .  `` star trek '' fans know her as t'pring , the vulcan priestess engaged to spock .  she played a russian spy on `` the monkees '' and `` i dream of jeannie '' .  male fans had crushes on her as `` a sci-fi babe from the '60s , '' her son say .
 from savannah to slums , kenyan yoga strikes a pose <sec> the africa yoga project is making yoga popular in kenya .  over 300 free classes are offered every week , from slums to villages .  maasai yoga teacher : 'it is a peaceful thing and it brings people together .
 testing of bp well will go another 24 hours <sec> new : government , bp encouraged by well pressure testing .  testing will continue ; pressure is still rising , though slowly .  scientists are pouring through undersea images and data .  no oil has gushed into the gulf since thursda .
 nasa flights will study antarctic ice changes <sec> first flight over antarctic scheduled to take off october 15 from punta arenas , chile .  technology onboard will help answer why the ice sheet is changing .  data will help predict how changes might contribute to a global rise in sea level .
 inspired by mandela 's 'stubborn sense of fairness ' <sec> john stremlau : 20 years ago today , nelson mandela was released from cape town jail .  stremlau : after 27 years , mandela emerged `` without bitterness , his humanity intact '' .  mandela maintains commitment to democracy , freedom and rule of law , he writes .  mandela is inspiration in troubled nation that desperately needs it , stremlau say .
 source : obama to tap kerry to be next secretary of state - cnnpolitics.com <sec> obama has decided to nominate sen. john kerry to be secretary of state , democrat says .  a formal announcement could come as early as next week .  u.n . .  ambassador susan rice withdrew her name from consideration thursda .
 china removes 'phantom staff ' from payroll <sec> china says it has removed 162,629 `` phantom staff '' from provincial government payrolls .  beijing has launched a campaign against official corruption and misuse of public money .  114,418 official vehicles have also been scrapped as china 's president roots out graft .
 india 's 'womanifesto : '' how central are women 's rights to the election ? <sec> a recent poll finds most indians see combating violence against women as a political priority .  the three main parties in india 's general elections have pledged to support women 's rights .  dissatisfied with the state 's efforts , civil society groups draft a plan to tackle women 's issue .
 opinion : are drugs stifling women ? <sec> julie holland : american women taking too many anti-depressants , blunting their valuable emotional reactivity , creating new normal .  she says anti-depressants dampen moodiness , but it 's healthy , useful for women to be moody . .  changing natural state damages societ .
 police seek second 'person of interest ' in unc death <sec> atm photo shows driver , shadowy figure in back seat of suv .  driver appears to be using one of student eve carson 's atm cards .  carson was found shot to death early wednesday near campus .  carson was student body president at university of north carolina at chapel hil .
 snowden sees ghost of christmas future : mass surveillance <sec> nsa leaker edward snowden delivers christmas message on british tv .  channel 4 has broadcast alternative to queen 's traditional message since 1993 .  snowden : `` a child born today will grow up with no conception of privacy at all .
 spirit passengers delayed overnight <sec> new : spirit says the checks are complete and apologized for the delays .  spirit 's voluntary engine inspections caused lengthy delays .  dozens of passengers slept at the fort lauderdale airport overnight .  some travelers lost their tempers but no arrests were mad .
