 pennsylvania officer charged with killing unarmed man <sec> police officer lisa mearkle faces homicide charge for shooting an unarmed man .  david kassick , 59 , was shot and killed after fleeing a traffic sto .
 pellegrini shrugs off managerial spat as his man city team march on <sec> manchester city win 2-0 at newcastle united sunday .  take over at the top of the english premier league from chelsea .  managers in verbal spat after newcastle goal disallowed .  liverpool win eight-goal thriller at stoke cit .
 u.s. lawmakers pass $ 700 billion bailout bill <sec> u.s. house of representatives backs revised $ 700 billion bank bailout bill .  lawmakers rejected rescue plan monday ; passed by senate wednesday .  wall street stocks rallied on expectation bill would be passed .  bailout enables u.s. treasury to buy up bad debts to ease credit crisi .
 6 ways to improve odds and beat heart disease <sec> heart disease is the leading cause of death for american women and men , cdc says .  study : majority of women who did n't have heart disease had six lifestyle habits in common .  `` these are simple things women can do to avoid going in that direction , '' author say .
 is congress getting special treatment on obamacare ? <sec> members of congress and their staffs got an extension to sign up for obamacare .  the extension is so staff can enroll and also receive subsidies .  most house and senate members and staffs must get insurance through obamacar .
 sébastien ogier : rally star leaves rivals in the dust <sec> sébastien ogier is the reigning world rally champion .  the frenchman won back-to-back world titles in 2013 and 2014 .  the 31-year-old started his rallying career when he was 22 years old .  `` i 've always been a fighter , a competitor whatever i was doing in life , '' he say .
 nobel peace prize : they did n't win , either <sec> new : india 's kailash satyarthi and pakistan 's malala yousafzai win the peace prize .  handicapping the nobel peace prize is notoriously difficult .  this year , the odds-on favorite was pope francis .  by losing , he joins an illustrious list of favorites that did n't wi .
 did robert o'neill really kill bin laden ? ( opinion ) <sec> three years after osama bin laden 's death , robert o'neill says he was the one who killed him .  peter bergen says the killing was a team effort and there is some dispute over what happened .  bergen : other seals have raised questions about the account given by o'neil .
 how to watch obama 's inauguration online <sec> tech and media companies partner-up to cover historic inauguration .  internet is changing the way history can be viewed . .  cnn and facebook among others will be showing the ceremony live on-line .  inauguration expected to cost $ 160 millio .
 obama at navy yard memorial : 'we ca n't accept this ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> obama says u.s. `` ca n't accept '' killing of 12 at d.c. 's navy yard as `` inevitable '' .  `` it ought to be a shock to all of us , as a nation and as a people , '' obama says .  obama honors each victim , noting some of the last things they said before they died .  `` our tears are not enough , '' obama tells families of those kille .
 thailand oil spill : tourists abandon blackened koh samet beach <sec> crews working to clean up oil spill on thai beach at koh samet .  crude spilled on saturday during transfer of oil from tanker to undersea pipeline .  50,000 liters of oil spilled into the water , though some say it could be more .  ptt says remaining crude will be `` 90 % clear by friday or sunday at the latest .
 richard elman profile <sec> richard elman is the founder and ceo of the noble group .  he founded the company in 1987 , having arrived in asia in the 1960s .  under his leadership revenues have grown 20-fold over the last 10 year .
 treat u.s. citizens in puerto rico fairly <sec> puerto rico gov . .  luis fortuño : some of my fellow republicans being unfair to puerto rico .  he says the house gop is seeking to cut medicaid funding for the territory .  fortuño : states with similar populations get 80 % support ; puerto rico would get 20 .
 arrests over indian jail break , beating <sec> 43 people arrested over public beating of rape suspect in india .  a crowd broke into the prison before dragging the 35-year-old suspect into the street .  he was accused of raping a local woman last mont .
 uncertainty for same-sex couples who ca n't marry at home <sec> wednesday 's supreme court rulings left some same-sex couples with conflicting feelings .  in 37 states , same-sex couples still are n't allowed to marry .  will benefits ruling apply to same-sex couples who marry outside their home state ? .  are you part of a same-sex couple affected by the decisions ? .  share your thought .
 michael phelps ' mom : my son has great values <sec> debbie phelps says she does n't get caught up in gossip involving son , michael .  michael phelps reportedly seen partying at ny bar .  phelps apologized in january after photo shows him smoking from bon .
 congressmen to obama : step up ebola defense <sec> 26 members of congress urged obama to toughen airport screenings . .  congressman alan grayson had urged obama to respond earlier this year . .  obama has said he would not implement a travel ban , since the cdc and who have not called for it .
 tendulkar adds biggest one-day score to his list of records <sec> sachin tendulkar becomes first player to score a double-century in 50-over cricket .  the 36-year-old smashes exactly 200 as india thrash south africa by 153 runs .  he surpasses previous record of 194 jointly held by saeed anwar and charles coventry .  tendulkar scores 46th ton in 442 one-day outings as india take unbeatable 2-0 lea .
 inter milan seal fifth successive title <sec> inter milan win the italian serie a title for a fifth successive year after beating siena 1-0 .  diego milito scores the only goal as inter add the scudetto to their italian cup triumph .  roma finish two points behind in second position after a 2-0 victory at chiev .
 canadians facing terror charges in 2009 n.y. subway plot <sec> new : canadian authorities have no firm leads on the suspects ' whereabouts .  the two canadians are accused of role in al qaeda plot .  they are said to have departed for pakistan in 2007 .  police say their current whereabouts are unknow .
 neighbor : times square bomb suspect 'did n't like the sunlight ' <sec> suspect in bombing attempt made pakistan trip in 2009 , court documents say .  court documents : suspect admits receiving bomb-making training in pakistan .  faisal shahzad often wore black and jogged at night , ex-neighbor in connecticut says .  phone calls related to purchase of vehicle led investigators to suspec .
 somali militants target addicts in uk 's 'khat cafes ' <sec> analysts believe britons now make up quarter of foreign fighters in somalia .  al-shabaab stepping up effort to make most of this fertile recruiting ground .  young somalis targeted for radicalization in cafes in london , and on internet .  somalis in uk fear children will be recruited by al-shabaab , or arrested by polic .
 1 christian , 2 jewish cemeteries vandalized in france <sec> ministry : headstones were damaged in a small christian cemetery in saint-beat .  swastikas were scrawled inside two jewish cemeterie .
 colombian presidential election : top candidates will face runoff <sec> new : santos : voters will choose `` between the end of the war and a war without end '' .  new : zuluaga : `` my pledge is to work for a serious , responsible and lasting peace '' .  colombia 's presidential vote will need a second round to pick a winner .  key question voters are weighing : how should government handle the farc .
 patrick swayze dies of cancer at 57 <sec> patrick swayze died monday after battle with pancreatic cancer , publicist says .  swayze 's doctor revealed in march 2008 that swayze had the disease .  swayze broke through with his performance in 1987 's `` dirty dancing '' .  co-star jennifer grey : `` he was a real cowboy with a tender heart .
 obama 's deficit plan closer to what ceos favor <sec> john avlon : 80 u.s. ceos signed letter seeking balanced , partisan plan to tame debt .  he says mitt romney has refused to consider a plan that includes revenue increases .  avlon says the $ 16 trillion debt is too big to be tackled through spending cuts alone .  he says ceos want something like bowles-simpson plan , and obama is closer to i .
 jay-z brings exclusive content to youtube launch : himself <sec> jay-z will launch his new youtube channel saturday .  the channel will debut with a live stream of his last barclays center concert .  the channel will be called life + times , an offshoot of his website .  the life + times channel is just jay-z 's latest brand expansio .
 world cup : ivory coast pay penalty as greece reach last 16 for first time <sec> georgios samaras ' injury time penalty sends greece into last 16 .  greece beat ivory coast 2-1 to finish second in group c .  colombia beat japan 4-1 to confirm top spot in group .  colombia will face uruguay in last 16 ; greece to play costa ric .
 un : flooding has displaced 1 million more in pakistan <sec> new : u.n. is increasingly worried about flood-driven malnutrition among children .  u.n. official says a `` colossal disaster is getting worse '' .  about 1 million additional people have been displaced in sindh province , the u.n. says .  authorities have ordered evacuations in the indus river delt .
 europe maintain slender lead over u.s. in solheim cup <sec> europe lead u.s. 6.5 points to 5.5 at the midway point in the solheim cup .  u.s. claim two wins and a half in saturday morning foursomes .  anna nordqvist records a hole-in-one at 17th to seal point for europe in opening foursom .
 analysis : are the pakistani taliban about to go global ? <sec> officials keep open mind about any link between taliban and failed new york car bombing .  pakistani taliban occasionally has made threats about launching attacks overseas .  just one example of global ambitions has been documente .
 do people really want a smaller ipad ? <sec> some web commenters say they do n't see the point of the new ipad mini .  consumers could get whiplash from how phones , tablets have grown and shrunk in size .  as phones and tablets seem to merge , manufacturers must find that sweet spot in betwee .
 vintage style is back in retro-mad london <sec> sugar is at the forefront of london 's retro renaissance .  hope and greenwood is a sweet 1950s-style candy store .  east end 's treacle is a return to the no-nonsense proper british teahous .
 obama 's 'hope ' message a mirage for hostile pakistanis <sec> alam : islamabad 's `` civil society '' keeping tabs on upcoming u.s. election .  alam : average pakistani has a negative view of america .  alam : many believe pakistani government is more loyal to u.s. than its own peopl .
 'black coal , thin ice ' by diao yinan redefines chinese movies <sec> `` black coal , thin ice '' reigns over domestic box office for chinese language film .  china film market to surpass the u.s. in six years .  censors loosen grip in the midst of market boom .  filmmaker wants to be on equal footing with hollywoo .
 some ohio lawmakers do n't want college athletes unionized <sec> the national labor relations board said student athletes at northwestern could form union .  ohio legislators add amendment to budget that would ban student athlete unions .  northwestern university players will vote on idea april 2 .
 study : smoke-free laws may cut heart attack hospitalizations <sec> researchers studied effects of anti-smoking ordinances in colorado .  hospitalizations for heart attacks went down 41 percent , study found .  editorial suggests several reasons for possible correlatio .
 mcilroy sorry for florida walkoff 'mistake ' <sec> rory mcilroy apologizes for walking off at honda classic .  world no . .  1 will tee off at wgc cadillac championship thursday .  northern irishman says he has no concerns over new nike equipment .  mcilroy unlikely to add an extra event to calendar ahead of april 's master .
 china : nasa mistakenly banned chinese researchers from conference <sec> nasa had barred from chinese researchers from next month 's kepler science conference .  xinhua : nasa management apparently misinterpreted a 2011 u.s. security law .  the law prevents nasa funds from being used to collaborate with chin .
 russia to u.s. : choose us or georgia <sec> new : russian foreign minister : u.s. must choose between russia , georgia .  new : rice : any cease-fire violation would risk russia 's status as partner .  new : russian military action in georgia `` must stop now , '' rice says .  bush warns russia not to interfere with humanitarian shipment .
 fitness boot camp helps fight childhood obesity <sec> fitwit 's program is a six-week after-school boot camp competition .  cdc data shows childhood obesity is a huge problem in the u.s . .  program rewards participants with prizes for meeting fitness goal .
 happy birthday , julia child ! <sec> julia child was born in 1912 and was a giant on the food world .  child passed away in 2004 , but her legacy lives o .
 'family guy ' offers fans a holiday gift <sec> `` family guy 's '' macfarlane had a special treat for fans .  sunday 's episode had a plot twist .  the show 's creator tweeted about the lesso .
 fans stay up all 'knight ' for batman movie <sec> `` the dark knight '' will open with about 3,000 late-night shows .  fandango.com : movie will have almost 100 shows at 3 and 6 a.m. friday .  cast praises heath ledger 's performance as the joke .
 democrats file ethics complaints against cassidy <sec> rep. bill cassidy is favored to defeat sen. mary landrieu in their runoff matchup saturday .  he 's facing late-breaking controversy over his teaching work at lsu .  two democratic groups have filed ethics complaints focused on his work for the universit .
 opinion : rodman just a toy for n. korea 's kim <sec> dennis rodman was in north korea purportedly trying to negotiate release of a u.s. detainee .  sung-yoon lee : in the annals of diplomatic history , this may well be a little blip .  he says kim jong un 's courting of rodman is equivalent to his enjoyment of disney .  lee : despite displays of theatrics , do n't forget north korea 's crimes against humanit .
 bob dylan investigated , suspected of inciting hatred with croatia remark <sec> croatian group would be willing to drop charges if dylan publicly apologizes , lawyer says .  iconic singer bob dylan is accused of likening the croatian people to nazis .  the remarks were quoted in an interview for the french edition of rolling stone magazine .  the complaint was brought by a body representing croatians in franc .
 ntsb sats fedex semi rig was already on fire when it hit bus <sec> new : witnesseses tell ntsb the fedex truck was on fire before hitting bus .  `` it was like a 3-d movie , '' said a man in a car that was clipped by the truck .  a fedex truck crossed the median , collided with the bus about 100 miles north of sacramento .  the collision killed both drivers , five students and three chaperone .
 history of the hot pink flamingo <sec> don featherstone , a plastics company employee , designed the first lawn flamingo in 1957 .  garden magazines urged homeowners to display more classy ornaments in the 60s .  in '70s , flamingos came back as a self-conscious symbol of rebellion .  in 1979 , university of wisconsin students planted 1,008 flamingos in front of the dean 's offic .
 french lawmakers approve same-sex marriage bill <sec> new : opponents of the measure file a challenge with france 's constitutional council .  national assembly approves a same-sex marriage bill by a 331-to-225 vote .  the issue of same-sex marriage also polarizes the united states and other nations .  lawmakers in new zealand and uruguay are the latest to back same-sex marriag .
 eurozone crisis tarnishes germany 's 'iron lady ' <sec> euro crisis has hit german chancellor angela merkel 's popularity ratings .  recent polls suggest she may struggle to secure third term . .  germany has played lead role in bailouts of economically weaker neighbors .  but this week germany announced weak economic growt .
 pamphlets aid search for u.s. soldier missing in afghanistan <sec> taliban says it kidnapped u.s. soldier , who has not been identified .  soldier , with 3 afghan soldiers , went missing june 30 in southeastern afghanistan .  pamphlets come in two versions : one has an appeal , the other has a warning .  soldier apparently left outpost on his own with no means of defending himsel .
 u.s. in peace talks with taliban , afghan president says <sec> new : `` this is karzai being karzai , '' u.s. source says .  state department says it supports reconciliation .  afghan president hamid karzai tells a youth group about the talks .  u.s. defense secretary gates has said reconciliation talks are possibl .
 when evidence goes viral <sec> new : `` i have a reputation i can never get rid of , '' audrie pott wrote online after alleged rape .  pott 's suicide and others highlight consequences of sharing sex assault photos .  expert say sharing photos of sexual assault on social media re-traumatize victim .  at same time , they provide evidence that can be crucial to building a criminal cas .
 a turning point for freedom in america , 150 years later <sec> donna brazile : weekend marks 150th anniversary of preliminary emancipation proclamation .  she says april 16 , 1862 also was significant in struggle for freedom .  on that date , lincoln signed bill to free the slaves in the district of columbia .  she says it began the process , which continues today , of seeking freedom and justic .
 priebus seeks to make gop history <sec> reince priebus says he 's running for a third term as republican national committee chairman .  priebus would be the longest-serving rnc chairman ever .  part of his tenure has included rebuilding the party 's campaign coffers and broadening the gop bas .
 no survivors in venezuela plane crash <sec> new : searcher says plane `` practically pulverized '' in venezuela mountains .  plane with 46 people on board crashes in the andes mountains .  aircraft was flying from merida to airport near caracas .  there were no survivors , official say .
 powerful storms kill 8 in south <sec> new : damage reported in 70 georgia counties and 43 tennessee counties .  uprooted tree toppled onto driver in atlanta .  20 mississippi counties report damage .  deaths are reported in three state .
 can art really get any more expensive ? <sec> insiders believe that we will see a billion-dollar piece of art in our lifetime .  last year christie 's sold more than $ 7 billion of fine art , breaking its all-time record .  global sales of fine art reached $ 65.5 billion in 201 .
 u.n. : more robust flight tracking needed by global aviation community <sec> a u.n. agency studies flight tracking technologies .  u.n. forum focuses on better flight tracking after malaysia airlines flight 370 disappeared .  the aim is to develop standards to reduce chances this could happen again .  flight 370 disappeared in march on routine flight from kuala lumpur , malaysia , to beijin .
 seattle police to hand out doritos at hempfest <sec> seattle pd tweets it will attend hempfest to hand out doritos , weed literature .  since 2003 , marijuana has been lowest police priority , but 2012 ballot legalized pot .  beginning december 6 , marijuana smokers over 21 may possess up to an ounc .
 obama follows up on past call to bolster u.s. infrastructure <sec> new : obama says washington politics should n't slow america 's progress .  president obama calls for government-private sector partnerships for infrastructure .  his proposals provide details to an idea from his state of the union address .  new : engineering group cites deficient bridges and other infrastructure need .
 pakistan and india agree to resume peace talks <sec> peace talks broke down after the mumbai terror attacks in 2008 .  pakistan and india have fought three wars since independence from britain in 1947 .  the talks will include discussions on terrorism , kashmir and humanitarian issue .
 ucla student is latest victim of campus anti-semitism <sec> barry kosmin : u.s. tradition of tolerance is challenged by incidents of anti-semitism on campus .  he says a majority of jewish students surveyed reported experiencing or witnessing anti-semitis .
