 after photoshop , roger federer ready for real india <sec> he 's 33 but it 's a new experience for roger federer when he plays in india .  federer is competing in new delhi as part of the international premier tennis league .  it will be federer 's second visit to india after a trip to southern india for unicef in 2006 .  federer ended the professional tennis season on a high , helping switzerland win the davis cu .
 april on inside the middle east <sec> artists are being inspired by current events taking place in the middle east .  in jordan , two brothers are getting a laugh with their political cartoons .  in beirut , the kabbani twins deliver social messages through graffiti , music and fashio .
 that twitter account might not be who you think <sec> barack obama 's twitter account is now overseen by organizing for america .  twitter verifies accounts of public figures , but it 's hard to know for sure who 's tweeting .  accounts can be padded with followers -- and spoofed by prankster .
 republicans ' favorite label for hillary clinton 2016 : 'obama 's third term ' <sec> republicans seeking to taint hillary clinton want to tie her to barack obama .  the president 's poll numbers are slumping .  and republicans hope the attack will raise money and excitement .  an anti-clinton super pac is launching a new effort to link clinton to obam .
 mother-daughter communication : battleground or fine art ? <sec> darlene brock has learned that all daughters try to win battles of words .  she says to state your position calmly and leave the room to scream into a pillow .  remember : moms are great , not perfect . .  so listen to daughter -- she might be right .  as last resort : `` you will do it because i am the mom and i said so .
 ohio suspect arrested after taunting police on facebook <sec> andrew marcum , 21 , responded to a warrant on him posted on facebook .  `` i ai n't tripping half of them do n't even know me , '' the purported message say .
 rachael ray : great food does n't cost a fortune <sec> rachael ray says we need to go back to way our grandparents prepared food .  plan ahead , make large meals and freeze leftovers for later incarnations , ray says .  another ray tip : clip coupons before you head to grocery and buy in bulk .  ray says eat fast food in moderation , pick healthy items such as veggies , salad .
 journey to the heart of fukushima <sec> operators of crippled fukushima nuclear plant to remove fuel rods .  1,500 fuel units resting in cooling pool within damaged reactor 4 building .  japanese nuclear plant damaged by earthquake and tsunami in march 2011 .  process to remove the spent fuel is complex and potentially dangerou .
 making the poor count -- a hugo chavez legacy <sec> chavez fashioned himself as provocateur-in-chief in latin american politics .  the poor , usually marginalized by latin american politicians , became chavez 's main weapon .  support of the poor made chavez popular in his homeland , leftist circles in latin america .  chavez ushered in new area of populist leaders in latin americ .
 unpublished photos of marilyn monroe surface <sec> unpublished photos of monroe shot by a life photographer surfaced in may .  the photos , taken in los angeles , california , show a more innocent monroe .  life.com has over 7 million images , and lost images are occasionally recovered .  the monroe pictures were `` in a warehouse in new jersey .
 obama administration proceeds with controversial prison purchase <sec> the government is paying $ 165 million for the thomson correctional center .  the illinois prison will house high-security federal inmates .  opponents worry that terror detainees at guantanamo bay will be transferred .  administration officials say the prison will help alleviate overcrowding in other prison .
 man gets 30 years in 'fast and furious ' death of agent brian terry <sec> manuel osorio-arellanes pleaded guilty to killing u.s. border agent brian terry .  his conviction was linked to the `` fast and furious '' operation .  u.s. officials wanted to track weapons intended for drug cartels .  terry was killed in a gun battle occurred in 2010 on the arizona-mexico borde .
 howard stringer to step down as sony ceo <sec> sir howard stringer will step down as sony ceo and president on april 1 .  sony has appointed kazuo hirai , currently executive deputy president , to replace stringe .  sony has faced an uphill battle in recent years as its stock value fell 54 % in 201 .
 what 's stopping job creation ? too much regulation <sec> clarence otis : everyone wants to see businesses creating jobs .  as ceo of a major restaurant company , he says regulations are inhibiting job growth .  otis says state and local rules , combined with health reform , push firms to avoid hiring .  darden : rather than hire , companies look for technology to reduce the need for labo .
 iraq 's president in stable condition , office says <sec> talabani 's office says he 's in stable condition .  a lawmaker and other official say he had a stroke ; office blames 'hardening of the arteries ' .  talabani , 79 , was elected president of iraq in 2005 .  he has left the country several times for medical issue .
 u.s. navy captures more suspected pirates off somalia <sec> nine suspects arrested off the coast of somalia .  second arrests in two days .  united states , kenya working out legal detail .
 facebook announces 'app center ' , paid apps <sec> facebook rolls out app center .  center will rank apps on user feedback and other quality measures .  it will also introduce paid apps for facebook .  center will work on android and apple devices as well as the we .
 cdc : stomach bug strikes second cruise ship <sec> more than 5 % of passengers on the caribbean princess report being ill .  a spokeswoman says the outbreak has been confirmed as norovirus .  passengers and crew experience vomiting and diarrhe .
 venezuelan opposition candidate demands recount <sec> new : capriles demands a recount .  election officials say maduro won the vote .  twitter accounts for maduro and his party are hacked .  official : 43 people were detained for alleged electoral crime .
 'fault in our stars ' takes top spot with $ 48.2 million <sec> `` fault in our stars '' earned $ 48.2 million its first weekend .  `` maleficent '' came in at no . .  2 .  tom cruise 's sci-fi flick `` edge of tomorrow '' faltered and opened at no . .
 poll finds trust of federal government runs low <sec> cnn asks 1,023 adult americans about their trust in government .  federal government rates the lowest at 23 % ; local government rates 52 % .  suburbanites rate highest level of trust with local governmen .
 iran 's president hassan rouhani urges 'constructive ' dialogue in op-ed <sec> new : in post op-ed , iran 's president says failing to engage `` leads to everyone 's loss '' .  new : iran 's nuclear program is solely for energy , a matter of national pride , he says .  john kerry praises iranian president 's comments on talks , nuclear program .  yet the top u.s. diplomat adds : `` everything needs to be put to the test .
 ex-cia chief : what edward snowden did <sec> michael hayden : snowden will likely be most damaging leaker in american history .  he says the large trove of data reveals how america collects much of its intelligence .  hayden says u.s. economic rivals will use it to disadvantage american companies .  he says other nations will doubt whether the u.s. can do anything in secre .
 child deaths lead to fda hearing on cough , cold meds <sec> fda : 54 reported child deaths from decongestants between 1969 and fall 2006 .  69 child deaths from antihistamines in same period ; most were under 2 .  hearing starts thursday on safety , effectiveness of cough , cold meds on kid .
 mercedes and lewis hamilton fastest at circuit de catalunya testing <sec> lewis hamilton fastest on second last day of f1 testing at circuit de catalunya .  mercedes look to have the edge on other constructor .
 opinion : behind washington 's politics of personal destruction <sec> tim phillips responds to op-ed attacks from brad woodhouse of american bridge 21st century .  he calls the attacks nothing more than politics of personal destruction .  he points to obamacare , energy policies and va failings as proof washington is broken .  washington 's solution to every problem , he says , is to create a bureaucrac .
 giffords ' houston doc : from outsider to brain surgeon <sec> dr. dong kim in charge of gabrielle giffords ' neurological recovery .  kim is chairman of the dept . .  of neurosurgery at the university of texas medical school .  doctor says medicine was not his first love ; it was writin .
 gunmen shoot at police near marseille , france <sec> the gunfire was reported in a suburb of marseille in southern france .  castellane is known for its drug-related activit .
 opinion : how did 'patriot ' become a dirty word ? <sec> john avlon : it 's telling and sad that irs workers were on lookout for `` patriot '' groups .  `` patriot '' is a word whose meaning has been corrupted by extremists , he says .  avlon : past decade has seen exploding number of `` patriot '' paramilitary group .
 opinion : jobless benefits do n't cause unemployment <sec> john stoehr : gop uses north carolina 's lowered jobless rate in unemployment debate .  he says rate fell after benefits slashed . .  gop argues benefits make people turn down jobs .  this gives gop cover for not extending jobless benefits , he says . .  but it masks economic reality .  stoehr : n.c. rate reflects people no longer looking for jobs . .  where is gop 's solution .
 australian daniel ricciardo lands 2014 red bull drive <sec> daniel ricciardo lands coveted drive with red bull for next season .  will team up with reigning world champion sebastian vettel .  ricciardo is currently driving for torro rosso .  former world champion kimi raikkonen had been linked red bul .
 aisha gadhafi reiterates call for probe into father 's death <sec> she asked prosecutors to begin investigating her father 's and brother 's deaths .  aisha gadhafi , who fled to algeria in august 2011 , asked last year to open an investigation .  she is a former u.n. goodwill ambassador , as well as a lawye .
 manchester united stunned by swansea in fa cup <sec> swansea scores a late goal to beat manchester united 2-1 in the fa cup .  it was manchester united 's fourth loss in its last six games at old trafford .  chelsea and liverpool advanced over derby and oldham , respectively .  the fourth round draw produced one all-premier league tie , stoke at chelse .
 sci-fi writers help scientists bridge gap between fantasy and reality <sec> new research body at arizona state university aims to bridge gap between the lab and sci-fi inventions .  center for science and the imagination ( csi ) brings creative thinkers into collaboration with scientists .  academic , private corporations and non-profit stakeholders involved in the project .  `` science fiction has a proven ability to inspire scientists and start technological innovation , '' sci-fi author say .
 scores dead as assailants target northern nigerian city <sec> new : the u.n. 's ban ki-moon is `` appalled at the frequency and intensity '' of recent attacks .  a military official tells cnn that at least 156 people were killed .  nigeria closes its borders with niger and cameroon and imposes a state of emergency .  the islamist militant group boko haram claims responsibilit .
 german embassy security employee killed in yemen <sec> new : gunmen kidnap a unicef staffer in sanaa .  a shooting occurs outside an upscale supermarket .  a german national who works for the embassy is killed .  yemeni diplomat : the victim worked for the german embassy 's security detai .
 flash flooding traps toronto train passengers , stalls rush hour <sec> new : `` so much rain in so little time , '' a resident says .  record rains flood toronto .  passengers are evacuated from a partially submerged commuter train .  drivers abandon their vehicle .
 china defeat 10-man kuwait at asian cup <sec> kuwait 's musaed neda becomes first player to be sent off at 2011 asian cup .  defender 's first-half dismissal helps china win 2-0 in the second match in group a .  zhang linpeng and deng zhuoxiang score in the second half in qatar .  hosts beaten 2-0 by uzbekistan in friday 's tournament-opening matc .
 5 lessons of kardashian/humphries split <sec> sara benincasa : many are trying to cope with news of the kardashian/humphries split .  she says fans may not agree on the best lessons to take from the breakup .  she offers five : for one , the wedding needed better champagne for marriage to last .  for another , do n't marry someone with the same first name as your mothe .
 cristiano ronaldo and daniel craig - a right to privacy ? <sec> cristiano ronaldo struggling to protect his right to privacy .  ronaldo : `` we are famous and we have to deal with that '' .  jose mourinho told cnn : `` i hate my social life '' daniel craig has seen his privacy eroded since taking james bond role .  daniel craig has seen his privacy eroded since taking james bond rol .
 forgive us , father ; we 'd rather go online <sec> web sites such as ivescrewedup.com invite people to `` confess '' online .  confession 2.0 is a place where anonymity is a substitute for privacy .  georgetown university study shows decline in people going to church to confess .  `` confessions '' on sites range from sad to funny to crimina .
 apple 's steve jobs takes shots at competitors <sec> apple 's steve jobs participated in the company 's earnings call , which is unusual .  jobs had choice words for competitors including google , rim , nokia and adobe .  android is apple 's biggest competitors in the smartphone industry , jobs sai .
 reddit co-founder urges tech leaders to fight cispa <sec> reddit co-founder alexis ohanian is calling on tech leaders to help defeat cispa .  cispa bill would allow government and private sector to share info about cyberattack threats .  house passed the cispa bill last week by a vote of 288 to 127 ; senate is up next .  new video shows ohanian trying to call google ceo larry page to ask his hel .
 google 's future phone : the modular project ara <sec> google 's project ara is a modular smartphone that allows you to swap out pieces .  the phone is still in development but will be available in 2015 .  a modular smartphone could last much longer than a traditional phon .
 gunmen force refugees overboard off yemen <sec> 74 survivors made it to the beach and were taken to ahwar , yemen .  some told u.n. smugglers operating the boat forced them overboard .  fighting in somalia 's capital led to increase in somalis making journey to yemen .  unhcr : nearly 26,000 refugees arrived in yemen this year from horn of afric .
 analysis : why u.n. wo n't act against syria <sec> the u.n. authorized action in libya swiftly but syria has been a different story .  russia and china are getting their diplomatic revenge ; they feel the libya resolution was over-interpreted .  other nations fear a syria resolution would help to destabilize a key middle east country .  some countries are imposing their own unilateral sanctions against syri .
 afghan wife maimed for refusing drug-addict husband 's cash demands <sec> 23-year-old sitara was sleeping when her husband attacked her , asking for money .  he was looking for money to fuel his long-term drug habit .  husband threatened to sell their young daughters as child brides to make money .  sitara 's wounds were so severe she was flown to turkey for treatmen .
 from the `` war on women '' to the war with women - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the democratic party is launching a new initiative to attract women .  the goal is to widen the advantage the democrats have with women voters .  the republican party knows it has work to do and has launched its own effort .
 'honor dead by celebrating life , ' norway pm urges after massacre <sec> new : `` memories of goodness and joy can not be erased , '' prime minister jens stoltenberg says .  anders behring breivik admits killing 77 people , including 69 at a youth camp .  a court must determine whether he was sane at the time of the killings .  the nation marks a moment of silence at the exact time the bomb detonated in osl .
 commentary : loners , losers -- and killers <sec> james alan fox : alabama and germany shootings raise questions about motive .  evidence in many cases shows killers do n't suddenly go berserk , he says .  fox says mass killers react after losses and lack social support system .  he says they blame others , rather than themselves , for their failure .
 how to nominate a cnn hero <sec> cnn heroes are selected after being nominated by someone like you .  here are some suggestions we hope will help you in crafting a nomination .  nominations are being accepted online through august 31 , 201 .
 u.s. , south korea begin military exercises <sec> south korea , u.s. begin joint exercises .  the exercises are scheduled to run through wednesday .  north korea says it will demonstrate its might .  aircraft carriers , destroyers , aircraft are participating in joint drill .
 pentagon to open combat jobs to women <sec> sen. mccain supports the move and says the military must keep its high standards .  sen. murray points out women already serve in combat .  officials say panetta will announce it is opening combat jobs to women .  panetta hopes the process will be complete by january 2016 , officials sa .
 gori : blood , smoke , destruction tell war 's tale <sec> georgian city of gori feels full impact of war with russia .  few people are left in the city , which russian forces shelled tuesday .  dutch cameraman was killed and a correspondent wounde .
 nestle reopens zimbabwe factory <sec> factory had refused to take milk from mugabe family farm .  nestle says mugabe government has pledged not to interfere with business .  factory employs more than 200 peopl .
 greyhound bus ride turned into roach-fest , passengers say <sec> new : greyhound : `` we are investigating how they got there - in bags or from the bus '' .  passengers on board a greyhound bus to new york city say it was crawling with roaches .  `` people were in the aisles literally brushing roaches off of them , '' says one .  greyhound says passengers were moved to another bus and given refund .
 commandos free abducted reporter in afghanistan <sec> new : local afghans helped british locate abducted journalist , official says .  new york times reporter stephen farrell freed in commando raid .  afghan journalist killed in raid , british prime minister gordon brown says .  british commando also killed during raid ; woman , child die in crossfir .
 10 secret menu items at restaurants <sec> some fast food outlets have not-on-menu items you can get if you ask for them .  fatburger 's hypocrite is bacon-topped veggie burger ; popeye 's offers naked chicken .  some subways will still make the popular pizza sub from the 1990s .  wendy 's offers the meat cube ; mcdonald 's has a neapolitan milkshak .
 unlicensed doctor charged for hiv outbreak in cambodia <sec> an unlicensed doctor has been charged over an hiv outbreak in cambodia .  police confirm the doctor re-used needles while treating patients .  health officials say 106 tested hiv positive , with over 800 seeking to be tested .  stay calm and do n't spread rumors , says health ministe .
 jeffs follower charged with rape of child bride <sec> new : man whose arranged marriage led to conviction charged with rape .  allen steed is accused of having sex with the girl , 14 , against her will .  steed testified at sect leader 's trial that he did n't force sex on new wife .  flds leader warren jeffs convicted tuesday of rape by accomplic .
 doctor reveals new face of terrorist <sec> dr. bilal abdulla 's professional life is different to radicals seen before in uk .  anti terror officer tells pa abdulla was a self-taught , self-starter .  abdulla planned car bomb attacks in june 2007 on targets in glasgow and london .  he was found guilty of conspiracy to murder in june 200 .
 shooter on the loose after killing 3 officers in new brunswick , canada <sec> `` stay locked inside . .  leave outdoor lights on , '' police tell residents late wednesday night .  police say the shooter is believed to be in a subdivision in moncton .  3 officers are killed , 2 sustained non-life-threatening injuries , police say .  the suspect is justin bourque ; police release photo of armed man in fatigue .
 woman who killed american in uae accused of terror act <sec> american ibolya ryan , 47 , was stabbed in a restroom at a high-end mall , police say .  the suspect had logged on to `` terrorist websites , '' an official says .  in october , the u.s. embassy in abu dhabi warned of a threat to attack teachers .  ryan 's ex-husband says the uae has given him the power to commute a death sentenc .
 former georgia deputy gets life in murders of wife , day laborer <sec> derrick yancey showed no emotion as judge imposed the sentence .  the former sheriff 's deputy tried to pin his wife 's murder on a day laborer from guatemala .  yancey has to serve at least 60 years in priso .
