 ray j norwood takes plea in battery , vandalism case <sec> ray j gets 3 years probation , 50 hours community service for trespassing conviction .  the singer-reality tv star is also banned from the beverly wilshire hotel .  charges were misdemeanor sexual battery , vandalism , resisting arrest and battery .  norwood is infamous as kim kardashian 's partner in a sex tape that launched her caree .
 french hostages killed during rescue mission , ministry says <sec> new : sarkozy calls the killings `` a barbaric act '' .  the french defense ministry says the men were likely executed by their abductors .  it 's believed the kidnappers are linked to al qaeda , a spokesman says .  the two were abducted while having dinner at a restauran .
 chelsea manning is tweeting from prison <sec> manning is serving a 35-year sentence for leaking thousands of classified documents .  she says she will be using a voice phone to dictate her tweet .
 new york woman says hundreds of kin missing in haiti <sec> haitian-american spent holidays in haiti , returned day before quake hit .  she said her extended family in haiti numbers about 400 .  `` my family is there starving and thirsty , sleeping on the street , '' she sai .
 searching for mysterious 'joe , ' antique ring owner <sec> an australian woman finds a ring while snorkeling in bali .  words engraved on the antique ring give clues to its owner 's identit .
 under pressure , north korea proposes human rights visit <sec> un investigator meets north korean officials for first time in 10 years .  special rapporteur `` unexpectedly '' met with officials for about one hour .  north korea has gone on publicity blitz this month , critics say to generate goodwill .  north korean diplomat : human rights in north korea is fin .
 scenes of devastation and some relief after typhoon haiyan <sec> new : `` my child has been buried , '' one survivor says .  contamination concerns take back seat as residents use what water they can find .  at a prison in tacloban , inmates threaten to break out .  a hospital with no supplies turns away patient .
 bolivian salt lake a new 'must-see ' <sec> salar di uyuni , the world 's biggest salt flat , attracting growing numbers of tourists .  bolivian wilderness described as one of world 's 25 wonders by lonely planet .  60,000 tourists visited last year ; numbers expected to double within five year .
 woman in jordan 's parliament becomes social media star <sec> `` sit down , hind ! '' .  has become a popular twitter hashtag .  hind al-fayez , a member of jordan 's parliament , was told by a fellow member to sit down .  the male parliamentarian then verbally blasts women being in the country 's legislature .  `` the lady made a point . .  she should never obey and sit down , '' says one twee .
 teen beating the odds after brain injury <sec> ryan boyle was critically injured after being hit by a truck as a 9-year-old .  a neurologist predicted he would gain enough strength in one hand to type .  boyle is now training for the 2016 paralympic .
 boj lifts assessment of japan 's economic health <sec> the boj kept its main policy settings on hold , as it has done every month since april .  japanese prime minister shinzo abe wants to make japan a more competitive place to invest and to do business .  this week the boj reported that japan 's monetary base expanded 42 per cent from a year earlier in augus .
 convict in disputed execution was guilty , ex-wife says <sec> `` todd murdered amber , karmon and kameron , '' stacy kuykendall says .  challenge to judge delays new effort to clear dead man 's name .  3 independent reviews have criticized the case against willingha .
 spurt of attacks in iraq ; 8 dead <sec> the incidents took place in tuz khurmatu , baghdad and mosul .  iraq has been beset by violence in recent months .  pm nuri al-maliki is visiting the united state .
 mexican oil giant chief wo n't speculate on cause of blast that killed 33 <sec> new : the country 's attorney general similarly refuses to rule out possibilities .  new : president enrique pena nieto visits victims in the hospital .  the death toll rises to 33 .  employee : `` i saw the explosion of glass , people bleeding ; ... .  i was terrified .
 spanish police claim record haul of eta explosives , components <sec> police seize 750 kilos of bomb-making materials from suspected eta hideouts .  this week , more than 1,600 kilos of explosives and components have been found .  eta is blamed for more than 800 deaths in its campaign for basque independence .  officials say eta appears to be weaker than ever , but warn it the group is still deadl .
 old-fashioned family fun in lake placid <sec> lake placid -- home to two olympics -- is an iconic old-fashioned vacation spot .  with 6 million acres , adirondack state park is the largest state park in the united states .  lake placid has 3,000 residents , but that number gets close to 10,000 in summer .  lake placid has a variety of resorts to choose from , including some dog-friendly choice .
 homeopathic medicine under fda fire <sec> the fda may take a more hands-on approach to regulating homeopathic medicine .  it does not go through the same approval process as over-the-counter drugs .  some studies suggest homeopathic medicine is no more effective than placebo .
 pedrosa takes pole as he bids to back up german motogp win in italy <sec> dani pedrosa of spain on pole for italian motogp .  fastest time of one minute 47.284 seconds at mugello .  championship leader jorge lorenzo second fastest .  defending title holder casey stoner fifth bes .
 kimi raikkonen wants to stay with lotus , team principal says <sec> kimi raikkonen wants to stay with lotus and lotus wants to keep him , said his team .  raikkonen has been linked with former employer ferrari and sebastian vettel 's red bull .  raikkonen 's manager said lotus `` holds the key '' to the finn 's future .  raikkonen is bidding to win his fifth belgian grand prix as the season resumes this weeken .
 will the fcc ruin the internet ? ( opinion ) <sec> barbara van schewick : americans want a free and open internet , not a fast and slow lane .  van schewick : yet , the fcc appears to be favoring a proposal that will allow fast lanes .  she says that 's bad policy and rests on shaky legal foundations ; fcc must look to better policy .  van schewick : two lanes will hurt innovation , and consumers will have to pay more mone .
 2 in texas arrested in terror-related cases <sec> one of the suspects discussed the activities of isis .  they are both from the austin area of texas .  they face up to 15 years in federal priso .
 iraq 's new crisis : moms , dads abandoning kids <sec> head of iraqi red crescent says parents abandoning their kids at alarming rates .  sometimes he wonders : `` oh my god , how are we going to solve it ? '' .  the greatest concern is the long-term effect on an entire generation .  `` trauma of what 's happening to those children is enormous .
 u.s. programmer outsources own job to china , surfs cat videos <sec> u.s.-based company discovered its computer systems were being accessed from china .  company 's own employee gave access to chinese programmers he personally outsourced .  employee , known as `` bob '' , seen as `` someone you would n't look at twice in an elevator '' .  `` bob '' earned several hundred thousand dollars a year , paying chinese firm $ 50,000 a yea .
 the supreme court , health care reform and one little girl <sec> three-year-old violet mcmanus suffers from seizures that threaten her breathing .  her parents fear supreme court could restore health care insurance caps on her coverage .  supreme court is hearing arguments this week on health care reform la .
 'eco-terrorism ' threat to poison infant formula in new zealand <sec> new zealand police reveal threat to poison infant formula .  letters were sent containing contaminated formula and a demand to government .  the letters called for government to halt use of 1080 poison in pest control effort .
 polish police break up plot to bomb parliament , prosecutors say <sec> polish authorities break up a plot to bomb parliament .  the probe began with a look at a norwegian terror suspect 's polish contacts .  two suspects have been arrested .  authorities say they recovered guns , ammunition , and materials to make a 4-ton bom .
 international adoption : i was stolen from my family <sec> tarikuwa lemma : when she was 13 , she went to the u.s. thinking she would be studying abroad .  inside a few weeks , it became clear her family had been misled about her american `` adoption '' .  lemma : `` all the lies and deception comes down to money '' .  now a college student , she has n't seen her family in ethiopia for seven year .
 social issues may not turn election in 2012 but will influence voters <sec> experts say they do n't think same-sex marriage to be a deciding issue in november .  president obama 's statement on wednesday ends a streak of ambiguity over his position .  obama had said that his position was `` evolving .
 alarm over uk hybrid embryo research <sec> uk lawmakers approve bill allowing use of hybrid embryos in stem cell research .  opponents describe controversial technique as `` deeply , deeply reprehensible '' .  advocates say use of animal embryos helps overcome shortage of human embryos .  scientists say stem cells have potential to cure conditions such as parkinson ' .
 cynde strand : 'we knew it was coming , and we survived ' <sec> camerawoman cynde strand had spent night after night in tiananmen square .  as troops arrived , she `` got everybody together and said , okay , this is it '' .  `` bullets were whizzing overhead ... then they turned the lights off '' .  she and soundman kit swartz stayed in the square for the entire historic nigh .
 turkey mulls defensive measures on syrian border <sec> turkey 's president says defensive measures are being discussed .  turkey does not want a war with its neighbor , officials say .  the turkish government is hosting more than 111,000 syrian refugees .  turkey and syria share an 822-kilometer borde .
 egypt opposition leader calls for election boycott <sec> muslim brotherhood party leader criticizes boycott effort .  egyptian president decrees election schedule change to accommodate copts .  mohamed elbaradei urges a boycott of parliamentary elections in april .  he says he `` will not be part of an act of deception .
 the world 's most incredible bike routes <sec> china 's friendship highway takes cyclists 800 lung-bursting kilometers through foothills of everest .  more relaxing rides are available -- japan 's shimanami kaido can easily be completed in a day .  riders might have bear or moose for company on the great divide bike route from alberta , canada to new mexic .
 uruguay 's joy as argentina crash out of copa america <sec> uruguay to play peru in semifinals of copa america after eliminating hosts argentina .  quarterfinal ended 1-1 as both teams had a player sent off , one in each half .  goalkeeper fernando muslera saves from carlos tevez as uruguay win penalty shootout .  peru went through earlier on saturday , beating colombia 2-0 after extra-tim .
 wife and mother of terror suspects says fbi tricked her <sec> new : eighth suspect named in north carolina group 's 'jihad ' plot .  wife , mother of three other suspects says fbi tricked her to search house .  sabrina boyd says she was told of a horrific car accident and rushed to hospital .  fbi would not comment on boyd 's allegation .
 confessions of a hollywood action king <sec> hollywood uber-producer jerry bruckheimer is famous for his ability to predict hits .  he 's the man behind the wildly successful `` pirates of the caribbean '' franchise .  the king of action is now moving into chick flicks with `` confessions of a shopaholic '' .  he opens up about newly powerful female audiences and spotting movie gol .
 guatemala : gender-based violence at epidemic levels <sec> gender-based violence is at epidemic levels in guatemala .  according to the united nations , two women are killed in guatemala every day .  five abuse survivors known as la poderosas have been appearing in a play based on their real life storie .
 gwyneth paltrow : a star 's life in balance <sec> gwyneth paltrow was in hong kong filming 'contagion ' , steven soderberg 's new film .  her focus is on her family life , which she fits her acting around .  works hard to keep out of media glare as much as possible .  went public with her postpartum depression after birth of son moses in 200 .
 two anti-smoking drugs to carry mental-health warnings <sec> fda : chantix and zyban will carry warnings about mental health risks .  risks include depression and suicidal thoughts when using the drugs .  drug makers must conduct study how often these serious symptoms occur .  some symptoms could be the result of nicotine withdrawa .
 stephen colbert signs off 'colbert report ' with a song <sec> stephen colbert 's final show aired thursday .  he said goodbye with a star-studded sing-a-long .  colbert will take over `` the late show '' in 201 .
 cash-strapped teacher sells ads on tests <sec> california calculus teacher had budget for classroom supplies cut .  parents or businesses can sponsor exams with small ad on first page .  teacher tom farber expects to raise $ 1,000 with ads this school year .  farber , education officials hope stopgap measure does n't become the nor .
 airlines cash in as in-flight wi-fi takes off <sec> more airlines providing wi-fi on their flights .  norwegian air first airline in europe to offer free wi-fi .  gogo system installed on 1,600 u.s. jets , according to ceo .  row 44 provides satellite-based system that can access internet even over the ocea .
 final preview moves windows 8 toward tablets <sec> microsoft rolls out its final preview version of windows 8 .  the operating system is a massive overhaul of windows .  it 's considered the company 's way of moving into the tablet market .  windows 8 also will connect pcs , tablets and phone .
 four shot and killed at atlanta-area home <sec> shooter kills 4 , wounds two , before killing himself at a home outside of atlanta .  two minors who survived sustain life-threatening injurie .
 suspected member of 'pink panther ' thievery ring extradited <sec> suspect in jewelry store heist flown to japan .  diamond tiara worth $ 2.3 million stolen in 2007 .  robbery ring is named for 1963 peter sellers movi .
 apparently this matters : world 's oldest water tastes `` terrible '' <sec> water bubbling up in a mine in ontario is between 1 billion and 2.6 billion years old .  scientist who sipped water says it tastes `` terrible '' .  researchers are still trying to determine if the water could contain microbes .  one brave scientist tasted horrible prehistoric water so the rest of us did n't have t .
 prudential considers changing payment of death benefits <sec> new : prudential is considering changing how it allocates death benefits to surviving military family members .  new : insurance information institute says the industry 's doing nothing wrong .  eight insurance companies have been served subpoenas in investigation .  cuomo : families ' payouts are placed in accounts ; most of the interest goes to insurer .
 kendrick johnson case puts charge of lying against teen <sec> mother says her son has mental problems and should n't have been questioned alone .  dalton chauncey said he heard boys confessing to kendrick johnson 's death .  he was arrested august 6 and charged with providing false statements .  mom says chauncey recanted when pressed repeatedly by police but says his story is tru .
 activists call foul on kfc bucket campaign <sec> kfc launches effort to raise donations through pink buckets of chicken .  critics claim company 's fattiest foods may raise cancer risk .  kfc says it has lower calorie and fat items on its menu .  susan g. komen for the cure says partnering with kfc helps educate , treat cancer patient .
 south africans fear crime could mar world cup <sec> south africa is hosting the 2010 fifa world cup .  survey finds 53 % of south africans worried about crime during 2010 event .  south africa has one of the highest rates of crime in the worl .
 cnn student news - march 19 , 2015 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 why basketball star turned his back on the nba <sec> rudy fernandez has won two olympic basketball silver medals with spain .  fernandez enjoyed spells in nba with portland and denver .  back injuries have hampered the 27-year-old 's recent career .  he opted to return to spain on permanent deal with real madrid in 201 .
 volcano ash forces flight cancellations in indonesia <sec> cathay pacific and qantas cancels flights at jakarta 's international airport .  singapore airlines continues to fly .  travelers are asked to check with their airlines for schedule change .
 teen asked to change 'virginity rocks ' t-shirt <sec> an 8th-grader in arkansas was asked to change out of a `` virginity rocks '' shirt .  her mom defends her wardrobe choice , saying it 's an expression of her christianity .  the superintendent says even if the message is seen as positive , the writing was distractin .
 freed by iran , british sailors land in dubai <sec> sailors ' parents hold news conference to thank all involved in release .  iran detained the men last week after their yacht entered its waters .  the vessel was traveling from bahrain to dubai .  authorities : men freed after it was determined that incident accidenta .
 'sea turtles ' powering china 's internet growth <sec> china counts 338 million internet users , but only 25.5 percent of its population .  majority of chinese netizens are low-end users in search of entertainment .  internet in china has made information and popular culture accessible to all .  chinese `` sea turtles '' bring back knowledge and resources from silicon valle .
 vusi mahlasela : 'the voice ' on spreading african spirit through song <sec> with over 20 years experience , vusi mahlasela is one of africa 's most lauded singers .  through his international success , he focuses on spreading african philosophy , ubuntu .  he has established a foundation nurturing young african talent and providing music lesson .
 ecclestone : formula one teams agree to race until 2020 <sec> formula one chief bernie ecclestone tells cnn sport 's future has been secured .  current deal , called concorde agreement , runs out at the end of the current season .  ecclestone says all teams have agreed to an extended deal until 2020 .  mercedes , who were said to be considering pulling out of sport , are also set to sig .
 opinion : the mystery of snowfall <sec> ice and snow storms are crippling some states in the southeast .  ian roulstone : predicting how much snow will actually accumulate is difficult .  he says the physics of snowfall is complex , involving factors like temperature , moisture .  roulstone : making the final call comes down to `` seat of the pants '' knowledge in the en .
 eto'o suspension slashed by cameroon <sec> cameroon 's football federation reduces samuel eto'o 's suspension to eight months .  the national captain had been banned for 15 matches for his role in a player strike .  but now the 30-year-old will sit out four international games and can return in september .  vice-captain enoh eyong had a two-match suspension halved by the federatio .
 police to be stationed at everest following mountain 'brawl ' last year <sec> security officers to be stationed at everest to resolve disputes .  last year `` brawl '' took place on mountain between european climbers and sherpas .  flat rate climbing fee also hoped to improve safet .
 co-op dishes out health care to restaurant workers <sec> health care cooperative helps new york restaurant workers .  not-for-profit system now enables workers to see a doctor when necessary .  `` dr. dave '' now has plans to expand coverage , hours of service .  `` i would call him a pioneer in health care , '' friend says of dr. dav .
 fifa to meet with interpol in match-fixing investigation <sec> fifa expected to make announcement on match-fixing probe after interpol meeting .  soccer body 's president to meet with crime organization 's secretary general .  fifa investigating illegal gambling and match-fixing in more than 300 matches .  former fifa executive committee member appeals against three-year ba .
 faa official out amid sleeping-on-the-job cases <sec> new : resigned official tried to improve safety culture of faa .  the faa is looking for a new chief of air traffic control .  the agency is trying to correct `` unprofessional conduct '' .  the faa is placing an extra overnight shift controller at several location .
