 european bison in the crosshairs of conservation battle <sec> european bison have been successfully reintroduced to poland .  animal was declared extinct in the country in the 1920s .  around 1,200 animals are closely monitored by conservation groups .  controlling population is now an issue with hunting a controversial proposa .
 u.s. using apache copters against isis , official says <sec> four `` strikes northeast of falluja '' struck a mortar team and isis units , pentagon says .  official says copters were used because they 're precise and iraqi forces were close .  copters fly lower and are slower than jet fighters , so they 're more vulnerable to ground attacks .  given isis advances , the official said , there will be more attacks against isis target .
 dark star : sleepy chinese town revived by its grim past <sec> anren , in sichuan province , has been declared china 's `` museum town . '' .  sleepy town 's historic heart largely built by family of notorious local landlord in last century .  anren 's fortunes changed a decade ago after property speculator began investing .  today andren 's a popular destination for weddings and banquet .
 woods , mcilroy trail mickelson at u.s. open <sec> tiger woods cards a six-over-par 76 to fall further behind the leader at the u.s. open .  rory mcilroy was one shot better than woods as he played alongside the world no . .  1 .  sergio garcia was heckled by a fan and later needed 10 shots to complete a hole .  five-time runner-up phil mickelson leads by one shot going into final roun .
 'i 'll never stop looking for him , ' wife of vanished ex-fbi agent says <sec> former fbi agent bob levinson disappeared in iran in march 2007 .  his wife says she has done everything to draw attention to levinson 's disappearance .  a $ 5,000 reward has been offered , but no tips have come i .
 5 voices : what is needed for success in afghanistan ? <sec> it has been 10 years since the start of the war in afghanistan .  progress has been made in the country , but some issues still remain .  afghans , afghanistan experts describe what they think the country needs mos .
 brazilian magic lifts chelsea above city ; liverpool beat sunderland <sec> chelsea leapfrog manchester city in the epl after a 2-0 win over northern side .  late goals from david luiz and ramires secure victory for the blues at stamford bridge .  result puts chelsea up to third , nine points behind leaders manchester united .  liverpool win 2-0 at 10-man sunderland and remain in sixth place in the tabl .
 a new role for the 1 % <sec> douglas rushkoff says the richest people tend to make money from finance .  he says historically , aristocracy took control from peasants of currency and its value .  over time , they learned how to extract value and forgot how to create it , he says .  rushkoff : the 1 % could play a key role in new ways of creating valu .
 holiday travelers brave airports , roads <sec> aaa predicts 38.4 million americans will travel over the holiday weekend .  aaa attributes slight increase to improved consumer confidence .  those traveling by air probably will decline to 2.3 million , from 2.5 million last year .  the bulk of travelers will be going by car , aaa say .
 rand paul proposal for caucus moves forward - cnnpolitics.com <sec> rand paul wants his hat in ring for both president and senate .  kentucky gop moves toward creating caucus to allow that scenario .  democratic state official criticizes mov .
 misconduct scandal prompts l.a. schools to send 604 teacher discipline cases to state <sec> los angeles school officials submit 604 teacher discipline cases for state licensing review .  state teaching licensing authorities say they will investigate 366 of the teachers .  the action is fallout from a teacher misconduct scandal in the school system .  `` the safety of our students is our no . .  1 priority , '' l.a. school official say .
 pakistan under martial law <sec> new : president musharraf orders troops to take a television station 's equipment .  pakistani opposition leader imran khan says he 's under house arrest .  president musharraf says his actions are for the good of the country .  white house calls musharraf 's emergency declaration `` disappointing .
 get ready for the nintendo wii 2 , reports say <sec> the wii has been best the best-selling console for years .  nintendo intends to respond to the xbox threat by cutting the wii 's price next month .  nintendo is also rumored to soon release a brand new hd consol .
 russia decries death of adopted boy in texas <sec> a 3-year-old boy adopted from russia reportedly died on january 21 .  he suffered `` inhuman abuse '' at the hands of his adoptive parents , says a russian official .  authorities in texas are investigating the allegations of abuse .  his death comes amid tension between the united states and russia over adoption .
 syrian army in homs is showing strains of war <sec> new : doctor likens the casualties to those seen in iraq and afghanistan .  al-zoubi cites `` readiness to invite everyone '' who abandon weapons .  syrian arab red crescent is contacting syrians who have fled , he says .  no one who responds to the call will be harmed , he pledge .
 michel platini 'disillusioned with fifa ' <sec> uefa president michel platini unhappy with way fifa runs world football .  frenchman unlikely to stand for fifa presidency at next year 's elections .  sepp blatter expected to stand for fifth term , breaking his 2011 promise .  uefa , europe 's governing body , does not want blatter to stand unoppose .
 koreas agree on october family reunion , location still undecided <sec> new : they do not agree on a place or how many families may participate .  millions of families were separated by the korean war , which ended in 1953 .  about 10,000 people applied to reunite last year , but fewer than 200 families were chose .
 nasa takes swift action after report of astronaut drinking <sec> new : drinking incidents involved aircraft , shuttle and soyuz spacecraft .  nasa briefs next shuttle crew on new safety policy .  nasa institutes no-alcohol policy 12-hours before flights .  report commissioned by nasa says astronauts flew drunk at least twic .
 appeals court lifts ban on federal funding for stem-cell research <sec> new : the nih has invested more than $ 500 million in human embryonic stem-cell research .  the district of columbia appeals court rules 2-1 .  it is a victory for supporters of federally funded embryonic stem-cell researc .
 sports photography master class : tips for stellar shots <sec> in honor of the london olympics , cnn helps you up your sports photography game .  check out the tips above , then submit your best sports photos to cnn ireport .  the best images will be featured on cnn.com .
 japan 's prime minister to give up salary <sec> naoto kan says he will give up his premier salary but not his lawmaker 's salary .  kan 's salary is 1,636,000 yen a month ( $ 20,200 a month ) .  about 100 residents returned to their homes in the evacuation zone for a short visit tuesday .  residents are allowed to go into the area for two hour .
 debate stirs in israel : is prisoner exchange worth the cost ? <sec> gilad shalit has been held captive by hamas since the summer of 2006 .  efforts to end his captivity have become a rallying cry for thousands of israelis .  there is growing debate about the price israel is willing to pay to free one soldier .  pm benjamin netanyahu once held a `` no-concessions '' stance on such deal .
 letters to zimmerman show split opinions on trayvon martin shooting <sec> e-mail , letters to zimmerman , provided exclusively to cnn , show outrage , support .  zimmerman focus of nation after shooting trayvon martin , 17 , one year ago .  `` you murder a child because of the color of his skin , '' one letter alleges about zimmerman .  another letter says martin , zimmerman likely in `` wrong place at the wrong time .
 on the first day of spring , winter weather overstays its welcome <sec> up to 14 inches of snow expected in maine .  lunenburg , massachusetts , received more than 15 inches on tuesday .  wind chills to reach 30 below in north dakot .
 ex-soldier apologizes to iraqi family for raping , killing <sec> `` i wish that i could take it back , '' says man convicted in 2006 attack .  steven green must serve life in prison without parole .  surviving family members testify against green at hearing .  matriarch lunges at green while leaving witness stan .
 review : 'the hunger games ' soundtrack captures the spirit of the film <sec> taylor swift 's ''safe & sound , '' is backed by breakout nashville duo the civil wars .  miranda lambert and pistol annies ' ''run daddy run '' is deeply ominous .  the punch brothers ' pretty ''dark days '' carry on the mournful fingerpickin .
 face-to-face with top hamas leader in secret location <sec> hamas leader hints at potential shift in policy toward israel .  khaled meshaal spoke to cnn at a secret location in damascus , syria .  meshaal says captive israeli soldier is being treated in `` humanitarian way .
 city bankers bow to pressure dress down <sec> fearing protesters bankers dressed down for work in london today .  banks and businesses in the city warned employees not to wear suits .  some said bankers remained conspicuous despite attempts to dress casually .  `` we are not pansies , '' said one defiant city worker , still wearing a sui .
 facebook may face prosecution over carolina picchio 's suicide in italy <sec> carolina picchio , 14 , jumped from a window to her death after bullying on facebook .  her sister and friends say they reported the abusive content to facebook , but nothing happened .  the novara prosecutor is looking into filing a criminal complaint against facebook .  facebook says it encourages reporting of abuse and removes content that breaches its rule .
 what the 'like ' button means for web traffic <sec> facebook like button is now present on roughly 2 million sites around the web .  user who `` likes '' your content has more than double the friends than a typical user .  button bringing facebook closer to competing with twitter in the area of referral traffi .
 sandusky admits he 'horsed around , ' but insists he 's innocent <sec> new : sandusky says paterno never discussed his behavior with him .  new : his lawyer says , `` jerry sandusky is a big , overgrown kid '' and `` a jock '' .  sandusky admits to nbc , `` i have horsed around with kids i have showered '' with .  the ex-coach tells bob costas that he 's not a pedophile and says he 's `` innocent .
 roddick crashes out in cincinnati <sec> andy roddick is out of the atp tour event in cincinnati after defeat to philipp kohlschreiber .  the 2003 u.s. open champion roddick is a two-time winner of the tournament .  sabine lisicki is out of the women 's competition after losing to israel 's shahar pee .
 tendulkar ton gives india hope of saving colombo test <sec> india still 60 runs away from making sri lanka bat again in second test in colombo .  tourists reach 382-4 on third day as sachin tendulkar scores his 48th test century .  tendulkar unbeaten on 108 as he adds unbroken 141 with debutant suresh raina .  india had resumed on 95-0 but lost three quick wickets after 165-run opening stan .
 report : north korea launches fourth short-range missile <sec> north korea fired its fourth short-range missile in two days , south korea tells news agency .  missiles were fired into the sea off the korean peninsula 's east coast , yonhap reports .  tensions in the region have eased since a peak last mont .
 review : 'year one ' almost a zero <sec> `` year one '' is a feeble comedy , says cnn.com 's tom charity .  harold ramis-directed film stars jack black and michael cera , but few laughs .  black and cera play stone age tribesmen who meet biblical figure .
 pele : brazil to put 'problems ' behind them and stage 'fantastic ' world cup <sec> pele confident brazil will host a successful world cup later this year .  mass protests and worries over infrastructure have blighted preparations .  football legend says players are blameless for these problems and should be supported .  believes neymar will be better for having played with barcelon .
 remember kercher 's suffering , knox jury told <sec> a lawyer calls amanda knox two-faced , with a `` diabolical '' side .  another lawyer shows the court photos of the victim 's bloodied body .  knox and raffaele sollecito are fighting their murder convictions .  their lawyers are due to make final arguments this wee .
 fx orders comedy from zach galifianakis and louis c.k . <sec> `` baskets '' is a half-hour comedy .  it tells the story of an aspiring professional clown .  galifianakis co-wrote it with louis c . .
 5 militants , 3 troops die in attack on base in somalia <sec> a civilian on the base also dies during lunchtime attack , au says .  al-shabaab says it detonated a car bomb to breach au 's heavily fortified base in mogadishu .  african union : 5 al-shabaab were killed in the raid .  some 20,000 african troops are in the war-torn nation to conduct `` peace support operations .
 prince jackson 's 16th birthday gift : a career <sec> prince michael jackson has a driver 's license , girlfriend and ambition to start a career .  he will guest star on the cw network 's teen drama `` 90210 '' .  he turned 16 this month .  aunt la toya jackson represents her brother 's oldest son in show bi .
 lech walesa : no apology for anti-gay comments <sec> lech walesa led poland out of the cold war soviet bloc .  he served as the country 's president and is a nobel laureate .  walesa suggests that gay members of parliament should sit in the back or `` behind a wall '' .  despite furious criticism in poland , he is refusing to apologize .
 google glass available to anyone for one day only <sec> google opening sales of google glass to the general public on april 15 .  this is the first time regular folks have been able to buy the head-mounted computers .  glass still costs $ 1,500 but google will throw in a free fram .
 awe-inspiring animal migrations <sec> animals migrate to breed , feed , mate , and various other essentials to survival . .  sometimes , migrations attract predators , as with the sardine run in south africa . .  some communities , like in pacific grove , california , impose fines on anyone disrupting the local fauna . .  locals on christmas island kickback with a beer during the annual crab migration .
 can hillary clinton overcome her weaknesses ? <sec> julian zelizer : hillary clinton has immense political and governmental experience .  he says she needs to make stronger connection to her party 's base .  clinton also needs to convince voters of her authenticity , zelizer say .
 teen killed in connecticut school assault <sec> new : police : a 16-year-old girl was cut in the neck , chest and face ; a knife is found .  new : the suspect , 16 , faces murder charges ; he could later be charged as an adult .  new : the family of maren sanchez says more should be done to prevent school violence .  the assault happened at jonathan law high school in milford , connecticu .
 cleaning up oil spills with magnets and nanotechnology <sec> mit researchers develop new technique for recovering oil using magnets .  could save oil companies money and reduce costs of clean up .  some experts question whether technique can work in sea conditions .  skimming technique may be better suited to offshore spill .
 it 's who you know ! hollywood filmmaker sanaa hamri on her mentors <sec> sanaa hamri is a moroccan music video and film director .  she got her start in the film industry as a post production assistant working up to editor .  hamri met mariah carey on set who advised her to think about becoming a director .  now she hopes to inspire youth through her success and open a moroccan film studi .
 music industry mourns the loss of george duke <sec> keyboardist george duke has died .  the prolific artist was suffering from chronic lymphocytic leukemia .  duke was known for creating and collaborating across genres .  `` it 's a goulash , '' he said of his soun .
 ann romney still 'done ' on 2016 , recalls emotional 2012 <sec> ann romney said her family -- including her husband -- does n't want a repeat of the emotionally draining 2012 campaign . .  but she also left the door open , saying `` you know , you never say never '' . .  the new day interview comes just days after she said she was , `` done . .  done . .  done '' with the idea of a 2016 bid .
 experts dispute doctor 's stem cell breakthrough claim <sec> florida cardiologist is administering stem cell therapy in dominican republic .  he claims he 's had success in turning stem cells into cells from target organ .  `` there is no such cell '' as a `` regenocyte , '' stem cell research expert says .  therapy patient and her longtime physician say her improvement was significan .
 gulfstream takes the long view with the new luxury jet <sec> private jet manufacturer 's g650 model has range of 7,000 nautical miles .  flies close to the speed of sound and carries 18 people .  rival jet makers bombardier are set to launch longer-range private planes in 201 .
 designer l'wren scott , mick jagger 's girlfriend , found dead <sec> l'wren scott , noted fashion designer , found dead .  scott was mick jagger 's longtime girlfriend .  the former model introduced a banana republic line last yea .
 3 killed after truck hits mississippi school bus <sec> new : teacher , bus driver , truck driver are killed in mississippi wreck , officials say .  a school group was returning from a college visit .  about 60 students were on the two buse .
 virginia tech mom : politicians , stop listening to the gun lobbyists <sec> lori haas : the magnitude of the newtown shooting shocked me .  haas : it reminds me of when my daughter was injured in the virginia tech shooting .  she says our elected leaders have abandoned all sense of right and wrong .  haas : how many victims would be alive today if leaders took their responsibilities to heart .
 heartbreaking losses as western wildfires rage <sec> washington blaze has grown to 28,000 acres .  national guard activated in washington , will provide air support .  an idaho firefighter is killed battling a blaze .  in all , 62 fires are burnin .
 'batman ' star bale punched , stopped from visiting blind chinese activist <sec> christian bale is in china to promote a new movie filmed there .  hollywood star wanted to visit activist chen guangcheng .  chen and his family are confined to their home .  cnn 's steven jiang was with bale as guards thwarted the actor 's effort .
 dick 's sporting goods catalog draws anger <sec> a young basketball fan wrote a letter drawing attention to ads lacking girls and women .  her letter to dick 's sporting goods drew attention after her father tweeted it .  mckenna peterson : `` it 's hard enough for girls to break through in this sport as it is .
 how petraeus courted the press <sec> howard kurtz : david petraeus long had a good relationship with the media .  he says the general 's courtship of journalists brought him favorable headlines .  kurtz : in coverage of scandal that led to resignation , media have given him benefit of doubt .  he says the press has given petraeus a pass on question about security in benghaz .
 france determined to 'eradicate ' terrorism in mali , official says <sec> new : the u.n. security council will meet about mali on monday .  france assists mali 's military in the battle to halt islamist rebels linked to al qaeda .  a rebel spokesman admits casualties and adds , `` our fighters are prepared to die '' .  france is in `` a relentless struggle against terrorist groups , '' government say .
 world cup final : germany defeats argentina in extra time <sec> germany defeats argentina 1-0 in world cup final .  mario gotze scored only goal of the game on 113 minutes .  contest finished 0-0 after 90 minutes .  gonzalo higuain wasted argentina 's best opportunit .
 mr. obama goes to riyadh <sec> obama to visit riyadh to meet with king salman , the new saudi monarch .  peter bergen : it 's an opportune time for u.s. to repair frayed relation .
 opinion : keystone will worsen climate change <sec> writers : review of keystone xl pipeline information shows it 's not in the national interest .  they say tar sands oil spews 17 % more greenhouse gas than crude oil refined in the u.s . .  writers : report acknowledges tar sands oil from keystone could worsen climate change .  oil companies will need even more pipelines to reach their goals , they sa .
 iceland 's president : social media turns government into a 'sideshow ' <sec> iceland 's president : social media is more powerful than government .  president : `` i ca n't see any chance for traditional ... institutions to keep up '' .  olafur ragnar grimsson also hopes to develop iceland as an internet hub .  the country is courting data centers , which house the interne .
 mom : down syndrome does n't change my dreams <sec> down syndrome is a genetic condition that causes delays in development .  the syndrome occurs in one in every 691 live births .  there are more than 400,000 people living with down syndrome in the united state .
