 americans beaten , shot to death in mexico <sec> benjamin lebaron and his brother-in-law are shot dead in their home .  the killers have yet to be identified , but the case seems tied to local drug lords .  local media : slayings retribution for capture of drug suspects in town nearby .  lebaron was a nationally recognized anti-crime activis .
 missing teacher and student found in west virginia <sec> a missing teacher and her 15-year-old student were found in west virginia monday .  police say the two were together during a weeklong vacation .  the teacher , 24-year-old lisa lavoie , has been suspended pending an investigation .  investigators have charged lavoie , of massachusetts , with enticement of a chil .
 typhoon haiyan : desperation , resilience in ravaged tacloban <sec> tacloban , philippines , was devastated by typhoon haiyan .  some sought shelter at convention center , which was hit by storm surge .  rice is handed out there for the first time since the massive storm .  people line up at the airport , hoping to leave the cit .
 taco bell pulls beef from uk outlets after horse meat discovery <sec> new : taco bell says its domestic restaurants have not been affected .  it pulls all beef products from its three uk restaurants .  beef from a european supplier tested positive for traces of horse meat , a spokesman says .  europe 's meat industry has been in turmoil over the discovery of rogue horse dn .
 spyware assails russian opposition members <sec> spam e-mails promoting a rally against president-elect putin contain spyware .  e-mails began circulating around march 5 , symantec says .  virus overwrites many of the user 's files then deletes them thoroughl .
 romanian deputy health minister reappointed ; protests continue <sec> raed arafat withdraws his resignation after meeting , speaking with officials .  protests continue across romania on monday , with thousands taking to the streets .  demonstrators are protesting against government austerity measure .
 cnn student news transcript : april 25 , 2011 <sec> examine the controversy surrounding a deal for yemen 's president to step down .  explore the background of libya 's civil war , as well as the possible outcomes .  witness the impact of a tornado as it ripped through the st. louis airport .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 robin williams leaves behind four films to be released <sec> two are holiday comedies , including latest in `` night at the museum '' series .  williams was known for taking on as many projects as he possibly could .  williams said he could n't choose between comedy and dram .
 arizona sheriff under investigation for alleged abuse of power <sec> maricopa county sheriff is known for being tough on prisoners and illegal immigrants .  critics say arpaio has launched bogus criminal probes against political opponents .  federal grand jury is looking into those allegations .  sheriff declines comment , but deputy chief says all of the investigations were justifie .
 nadal and federer close on semi clash ; sharapova to return to top 10 <sec> world no . .  1 rafael nadal faces seventh-ranked czech tomas berdych in miami quarterfinals .  no . .  3 roger federer to take on france 's gilles simon after late-night victory .  maria sharapova to return to women 's top-10 after reaching semifinals .  defending champion kim clijsters battles into the last eight , beating ana ivanovi .
 would background checks have stopped mass shootings ? probably not <sec> mass shootings have ignited public sentiment for some kind of new gun control .  examples of gunmen in recent mass shootings suggest background checks not a panacea . .  the virginia tech case is one where a background check might have made a difference .  gun rights advocates oppose universal checks , any new record-keeping requiremen .
 tokyo assembly member apologizes for sexist heckling <sec> tokyo assembly member apologizes to female colleague .  akihiro suzuki apologizes for heckling assemblywoman , after telling her to `` get married '' .  heckled member accepts apology , but says others should come forward to .
 storm leaves at least 1 million without power in northeast <sec> new : at least 1 million without power across four northeastern states .  massachusetts governor tells station it could be days before power is restored .  new hampshire firefighters responding to exploding transformers , station says .  authorities move seniors to safety in massachusetts , new hampshire town .
 israeli dies after self-immolation during protest <sec> akiva mafa'i was injured during his military service as a young man .  the 45-year-old set himself alight in protest over his economic situation .  he is the second man to self-immolate , an unusual protest in israel , in recent days .  prime minister benjamin netanyahu said the deaths were tragi .
 beauty talk with amy adams <sec> amy adams leaves makeup to professional `` when it counts '' .  would love to try hair that was christina aguilera blond or harlow blond .  has skin that `` rejects the sun '' .  she 's always wanted to be talle .
 children and parents dead , madonna badger rebuilds her life <sec> madonna badger 's parents and three children were killed in a house fire two years ago .  the christmas tragedy left badger mentally and emotionally unmoored .  badger moved in with a friend to recuperate and gradually found her way back .  she shares in a personal essay for vogue magazine the steps she took to rebuild her lif .
 six new european astronauts prepare for final frontier <sec> 2 italians , a dane , a german , a frenchman and briton make astronaut list .  six new astronauts named wednesday chosen from 8,400 candidates .  group will undergo four years of training in german .
 u.s. revises story on bin laden 's raid , offers more details <sec> the operation lasted nearly 40 minutes .  the compound had no armed guards , an official says .  bin laden `` resisted , '' but was not armed , the white house say .
 '70s radical sara jane olson released from prison <sec> new : governor , police unions oppose olson serving parole in minnesota .  olson evaded capture for more than 20 years living as minnesota housewife .  olson was member of symbionese liberation army , which nabbed patricia hearst .  court documents say olson kicked pregnant teller during 1975 bank robber .
 iraqi lawmakers pass budget with salary cuts <sec> iraqi lawmakers reportedly ok $ 58.8 billion budget for 2009 .  weak oil prices force $ 3.2 billion cut in spending , kurdish lawmaker says .  three-member iraqi presidential council still must approve the plan .  oil-dominated economy takes a beating due to global financial downtur .
 'doctor who ' peter capaldi comforts grieving fan <sec> `` we 're on your side , '' actor peter capaldi tells fan grieving loss of his grandmother .  9-year-old thomas goodall comes from a home of `` dr. who '' fans , or whovians .  thomas wrote a letter to capaldi when he took over role from matt smit .
 syria peace talks : russia criticizes rescinding of iran 's invitation <sec> new : having the regime and rebels at the table is key , top diplomats say .  talks ca n't be taken seriously without iran , dmitry medvedev says on cnn 's amanpour .  russian foreign minister says it was a mistake for the u.n. to rescind iran 's invitation .  iran had already announced that it was not coming to the talks in switzerlan .
 photos celebrate south africa 's eccentric cyclists <sec> 'bicycle portraits ' documents south africa 's cycling culture .  the three books show people depending on bikes for everyday transport .  stan engelbrecht and nic grobler cycled 10,000 kilometers for project .  they are now revisiting the cyclists they photographe .
 u.s. pays alan gross $ 3.2 million in settlement <sec> the u.s. agency for international development has paid alan gross $ 3.2 million in a settlement .  gross and his wife had filed a $ 60 million lawsuit in 2012 against the u.s. government and dai .  gross was released after a five-year imprisonment in cuba last wee .
 admiral : troops alone will not yield victory in afghanistan <sec> new : defense secretary says iraq enters `` endgame , '' warns of fragile progress .  `` we ca n't kill our way to victory , '' adm. michael mullen says of afghan war .  mullen makes remarks a day after president bush announces troop deployments .  afghanistan needs investment , alternative crops , good governance , mullen say .
 the gathering : sri lanka 's great elephant migration <sec> each year , hundreds of elephants travel to an ancient reservoir .  wildlife conservationists worry about impact of tourism .  in 2012 , sri lanka tourist arrivals grew 17.5 percen .
 cuba remembers start of revolution amid economic changes <sec> for the 2nd year in a row , the vice president delivered the annual speech .  the date marks fidel castro 's first attack on an army barracks .  that attack failed but marked the start of the revolutio .
 disco queen donna summer dies at 63 <sec> new : `` we wo n't forget all those many hits she put out there , '' aretha franklin says .  she was suffering from cancer , publicist brian edwards says .  summer was `` a woman of many gifts , the greatest being her faith , '' a family statement says .  she rose to pop music fame starting in 1975 with `` love to love you baby .
 3 colombian teens on facebook hit list killed in past 10 days <sec> the first list posted on facebook had 69 names , officials say .  another posting this week added 31 names , news reports said . .  officials say they do not know who published the lists or why people are on it .  people on the first list were given three days to leave town or be kille .
 in kenya , a grandmother in her 90s attends fourth grade <sec> priscilla sitienei says she went back to school to inspire her grandchildren .  `` she advises our girls , she advises our boys , '' her principal say .
 supreme court to hear arguments in case of student who resold books <sec> case involving student who resold books bought overseas is a major copyright test .  supreme court will consider competing views of law at oral arguments on monday .  copyright appeal is one of the most closely watched business cases this term .  stakes could be high for those who buy and sell books , movies , music , art , other good .
 doctor 's notes : ebola survivor sees faith , teamwork create a medical success <sec> liberia 's hospital system collapsed during the ebola epidemic .  dr. rick sacra says faith and teamwork make a medical team successfu .
 judge : u.s. ca n't deny benefits to lesbian war vet 's wife <sec> a lesbian couple sued the department of veterans affairs last year .  former army sgt . .  tracey cooper-harris wanted benefits for her wife .  with doma 's ban invalidated , a judge rules title 38 also ca n't block benefits .  judge : the denial is `` not rationally related '' to military purpose .
 soccer robots being built to beat humans <sec> fira and robocup organizations promoting development of robots .  robots have been competing in regular soccer contests since the mid-'90s .  scientists hope to be able to beat world 's top team of humans by 2050 .  robotics developments tested in robo-soccer have uses in other field .
 2 states legalize pot , but do n't 'break out the cheetos ' yet <sec> votes have `` forever changed the playing field '' on marijuana laws , norml says .  feds are reviewing the measures , the drug enforcement administration says .  `` the voters have spoken and we have to respect their will , '' colorado 's governor says .  massachusetts -- and maybe montana -- approved medical marijuana referendum .
 probe takes detailed pictures of crater-covered asteroid <sec> scientists say the asteroid lutetia is a remnant of the solar system 's creation .  craft came within 3,162 km of the asteroid .  irregular-shaped rock has deep craters covering its surface .  comet is the next stop for european space prob .
 former hostage says iran war not inevitable <sec> barry rosen , a former hostage in iran , says war of words is turning into threat of war .  he says despite saber-rattling and comments by gop candidates , war not inevitable .  he says regime flailing due to internal tensions , hard-hit economy , upcoming elections .  rosen : intermediaries like qatar could provide structure for diplomacy to calm tension .
 texas man accused of killing 6 collapses in court <sec> authorities : ron lee haskell 's mother had a restraining order against him .  this came after he allegedly `` physically restrained '' her following an argument .  a week later , police say haskell fatally shot 6 of his estranged wife 's kin , including 4 children .  he collapses in court , reportedly as the capital murder charges against him are read alou .
 opinion : tibetans reject chinese rule with one voice <sec> free tibet : we have seen protesters die from their injuries , survivors disappear by authorities .  as many as 29 tibetans have self-immolated in protest against chinese rule , group says .  without legal or political recourse to address their grievances , they risk their lives , says brigden .  brigden : world remains largely unaware of the situation as the region is effectively cut of .
 saudi prince to build tallest building <sec> a new generation of skyscrapers are being planned for cities around the world .  nakheel tower and kingdom city will reach over a kilometer in height .  in paris , a law limiting building height has been overturned to allow skyscrapers .  in the u.s. the chicago spire and freedom tower have spectacular design .
 review : 'margaret ' <sec> `` margaret '' is the long-awaited second film by lonergan -- shot in 2005 .  six years and several lawsuits later , fox searchlight is releasing a two-and-a-half-hour version of the film .  `` margaret '' may be the longest film ever made about the moral education of a selfish princes .
 axl rose will have his first live interview in two decades on 'jimmy kimmel live ! ' <sec> axl rose will appear live for the first time in 20 years on `` jimmy kimmel live ! '' .  the singer is set to chat with kimmel on october 24 .  his band 's has an upcoming run at las vegas ' hard rock hotel and casin .
 missiles looted from tripoli arms warehouse <sec> new : gen. carter ham expresses concern over the missiles .  sa-24s are the equivalent of u.s. stinger missiles .  the warehouse is in southeastern tripoli .  the missing weaponry stirs fears of instabilit .
 who is to blame for jihadi john ? only himself <sec> h.a . .  hellyer : there is no template for explaining an individual 's journey to a group like isis .  often a recruit will find themselves looking for `` meaning '' and isis provides certainty , says hellyer .  he adds : regardless of context , each individual must take responsibility for their own action .
 gary coleman 'death photos ' sold to tabloid <sec> new : globe magazine confirms it bought coleman deathbed photos .  ex-wife shannon price says said she needs money after paying lawyer .  coleman executor : price is trying to profit from his death .  funeral plans are pending , executor say .
 living golf flag auction to help haiti <sec> cnn 's don riddell persuaded the greats of golf to sign a replica flag from the st. andrews british open of 2005 .  the flag , signed by tiger woods , jack nicklaus , seve ballesteros and nick faldo , is to be auctioned on ebay .  register your bid to help raise money for those in need in earthquake-hit hait .
 tsa to phase in new pat-down procedures at airports nationwide <sec> the move is to help detect hidden items , tsa says .  cnn employee complains of invasive pat-down , lack of communication .  pat-downs are only used after an initial alarm is triggered , tsa say .
 author of israel-hamas report : would reconsider findings <sec> goldstone report was critical of israel and hamas in gaza fighting .  it focused more on allegations of israeli war crimes .  its author now says he would come up with different findings .  israeli should have been more cooperative , he writes in washington post op-ed piec .
 u.s. professor disappears during japan volcano hike <sec> award-winning poet craig arnold disappears after starting hike to japanese volcano .  arnold , a university of wyoming assistant professor , was doing research for book .  searchers found footprints on trail , says one of arnold 's colleagues .  search to continue through sunday , school say .
 how to find a new best friend <sec> if you can be facebook friends , you can be face-to-face friends .  setting up two potential friends is much less of a minefield than romantic pairings .  figure out what you 're interested in , then sign up for a club or weekly grou .
 ex-lapd cop gains sympathizers on social media <sec> christopher dorner is a `` superhero '' to some , like `` django unchained , '' expert says .  `` social media weirdness '' favors villains , another analyst says .  the little guy fighting injustice is often a folk hero in film and history , professor says .  but dorner 's violence is unacceptable , says attorney who sued lapd for racis .
 jackson fans pack harlem for apollo memorial <sec> fans line streets for blocks to pay tribute to michael jackson at apollo theater .  fans lay flowers , mementos at the foot of the stage , dance to jackson 's music .  jackson 5 won amateur night contest at apollo in 196 .
 roller derby captain drops 100 pounds <sec> alaskan woman joins roller derby team at 260 pounds .  skating helps her find the motivation to adopt a healthier lifestyle .  daily exercise and diet changes helped her lose 100 pound .
 judge : no cameras in michael jackson death trial <sec> cnn asks the judge to allow its camera in the trial .  aeg live argues televising trial could create a jackson fan frenzy .  jackson lawyers argue in favor of having a camera in court .  jackson 's mom and kids say aeg live is liable for his deat .
 as roma 's president james pallotta : rome 's newest gladiator ? <sec> as roma president james pallotta outlines new strategy for italian club .  pallotta wants to see his team play at rome 's colosseum or circus maximus .  club 's new stadium set to open in time for 2016-17 season .  roma faces bayern munich in champions league on tuesda .
 testers smuggle bomb parts into buildings ; official takes blame <sec> report questions effectiveness of federal protective service .  plainclothes investigators test security at 10 federal buildings in 4 u.s. cities .  gao agents able to assemble components in restrooms , enter offices .  agency chief says changes made but effects wo n't be felt for month .
 tea party organizer : 'a freedom movement ' <sec> tim phillips : tea parties are a broad grassroots movement for freedom .  he says the protests are n't driven by the republican party .  phillips : level of federal spending is unsustainabl .
 facebook trying to make games less annoying <sec> facebook is trying to limit updates about games , such as farmville , that some users find annoying .  according to facebook , users either `` love playing games or hate them '' .  apps will be automatically bookmarked and reordered based on actual usage .  gaming-related notifications will now be less aggressive than befor .
 sandra bullock : america 's sweetheart at 50 <sec> sandra bullock turns 50 on july 26 .  she continues to be beloved .  the actress has said she would give it all up for her so .
 five things we learned at the republican national convention <sec> mccain and rice took to stage to underscore gop foreign policy .  mike huckabee , who once questioned romney 's mormon faith , sang his praises .  condoleezza rice 's speech won raves both in the forum and on twitte .
 brazil flooding leaves at least 86 dead <sec> more than 54,000 have been left homeless , state news agency says .  at least 86 dead , 30 missing in southern brazil , reports say .  most of deaths and damage have been in santa catarina state .  flooding also has caused damage in colombia , panam .
 world cup 'worry ' for england ahead of crucial wembley clash <sec> england will qualify for the 2014 world cup with victory over poland .  ukraine can take top spot if it beats san marino and england loses .  world champion spain expected to seal qualification .  iceland can secure a playoff spot with victory in norwa .
 hillary clinton : i said no , at first , to secretary of state job <sec> clinton says she was looking forward to going back to senate after the election .  she suggested to president obama a list of other people for top diplomat post .  clinton reconsidered when obama was `` quite persistent and very persuasive '' .  clinton was recently in south korea for discussions on north kore .
 fires in siberia create red sunset <sec> smoke from massive fires in siberia created fiery sunsets in the pacific northwest .  atmospheric winds carried smoke from the wildfires across the pacific ocean .  smoke particles altered wavelengths from the sun , creating a more intense colo .
