 tallahassee cop on paid leave after tasing woman , 61 <sec> incident began when police responded to complaints of open-air drug sales in area .  3 people had been arrested when viola young arrived asking questions , police say .  video shows young pull arm away from officer , walk off before he tases her in the back .  police : officer terry mahan on paid leave pending outcome of internal affairs prob .
 science to carson : you 're wrong <sec> scientists say decades of research overwhelmingly shows sexual preference is inborn , not a choice .  dr. ben carson told cnn that being gay is a choice and pointed to prisoners who go in straight and leave gay .  prisoners do engage in homosexual practices , but that does n't mean they 've gone from straight to gay , experts sa .
 beheading of james foley recalls past horrors <sec> about 20 journalists are missing in syria , many believed held by isis , the cpj says .  the brutal killing of james foley recalls the murders of daniel pearl and others .  isis links foley 's killing to u.s. airstrikes in iraq and threatens another american captive .  `` i do n't think the white house is going to pull back on this , '' a cnn security analyst say .
 best bets for jobs in 2011 <sec> pursuing certain occupations will provide job seekers with a better return than others .  accounting is the no.1 bachelor 's degree employers will be looking for in 2011 .  physical therapist assistant is a great option for those looking for a career chang .
 indian rickshaw driver kills american wife , then self <sec> the marriage soon soured .  report : sharma accused willinger of `` talking to other men '' .  he died in a house explosion that he cause .
 volcano eruption sparks alert in colombia <sec> no deaths , injuries feared from eruption , authority says .  7,000 people ordered to evacuate from nearby galeras volcano .  volcano is in southwest colombia , near border with ecuado .
 former model : fret over being fit , not how you look <sec> ex-model kathy ireland : quit worrying about image , start taking care of your heart .  oprah 's trainer bob greene : weight gain often a signal of something else wrong .  kirstie alley 's battle with weight has people talking again about issue .  ireland : `` beautiful people come in all shapes and sizes , ages and colors .
 girl , 12 , beaten while neighbor films <sec> four rhode island girls accused of attacking school friend .  man who filmed the incident and posted it on youtube says he thought it was a prank .  police say other cell phone videos of incident were confiscated at schoo .
 government recommends lowering fluoride levels in u.s. drinking water <sec> there has been an increase in a condition called fluorosis .  it causes spotting and streaking on children 's teeth .  the ada says the new levels will still reduce tooth decay but minimize fluorosis .  fluoride was first added to u.s. drinking water in the 1940 .
 at least 13 killed in key iraqi cities <sec> mosul , kirkuk and the capital of baghdad are all the scenes of deadly violence on monday .  a car bomb in mosul claims the lives of five people , including two soldiers .  iraqi security forces are conducting a large-scale operation against al qaed .
 mcdowell takes u.s. open title <sec> northern ireland 's graeme mcdowell wins the u.s. open by a stroke .  gregory havret of france finishes second , ernie els claims third place .  tiger woods and phil mickelson locked in tie for fourth , three shots back .  mcdowell becomes first european to win u.s. open in 40 year .
 london 's docks turn into 'mini monaco ' for olympics <sec> london 's docklands to be transformed into st. tropez-style marina for olympics .  the east end heartland has been transformed from wasteland to luxury destination .  superyacht owners george clooney and roman abramovich rumored to stay .  london set to be new `` launching pad to europe '' for superyacht owner .
 study : honey can kill superbugs <sec> research has shown that honey can have powerful antibacterial properties .  manuka honey is made only by bees that pollinate the manuka plant .  an australian company claims it has produced the world 's most potent hone .
 nancy reagan still recovering from fall <sec> reagan misses a speech by rep. paul ryan .  the former first lady is 90 .  she broke a few ribs during a fall in march , a representative say .
 'brady bunch ' star ann b. davis dies ; played beloved housekeeper alice <sec> florence henderson : `` i am so shocked and sad '' .  actress ann b. davis , who played alice on `` the brady bunch , '' has died .  she died after falling and hitting her head saturday morning , a friend says .  her character anchored the show with witty one-liners and a cheerful attitud .
 sandy changes lives forever -- here are three of their stories <sec> emergency : dr. andrew brotman describes a frantic rush to evacuate 260 patients .  rescue : ralph verdi 's job was to warn people to flee , then to rescue those who did n't listen .  death : claudene christian was living her dream as a deckhand on the hms bount .
 no . 1 underdog : gonzaga snares top seed but middling respect <sec> gonzaga have ncaa-best 31-2 record ; las vegas puts championship odds at 12-1 .  statistician says , despite talk of parity , three teams stand out : louisville , indiana and florida .  expert does n't like term mid-major because gonzaga spends like a big school .  spokane councilman says city likes underdog status , is abuzz with anticipation over tourne .
 80 homes destroyed by new york fire amid superstorm <sec> among the 80 homes destroyed was that of new york rep. bob turner .  `` the winds were just devastating , blowing from one building to another , '' mayor says .  `` it was terrible , '' resident steve mastrandrea says .  powerful cold front brought rain , winds and a tornado to same area in queens last mont .
 alcohol poisoning kills 6 people a day <sec> binge drinking can cause alcohol poisoning .  white men between the 35 and 64 are dying most often from alcohol poisoning , cdc say .
 boko haram raids kill more than 30 , residents say <sec> at least 30 people are dead after raids in nigeria , residents say .  boko haram islamists are suspected in the attacks on predominantly christian areas .  gunmen on motorcycles opened fire and at least five churches were set on fir .
 four decades after roe : a legacy of law and morality <sec> 40 years later , roe remains the law of the land .  passions still run high on both sides of the landmark decision .  in 1812 , connecticut outlawed abortions after `` quickening .
 more pirates searching for lifeboat , official says <sec> new : shots fired in escape attempt , captain apparently tied up , military officials say .  pirates using other hijacked ships to look for lifeboat as navy ships arrive .  captain 's escape attempt viewed as `` optimistic sign '' of his vitality .  richard phillips , captain of a u.s.-flagged cargo ship , is being held by four gunme .
 mapping the 'last refuge ' for coral reefs on earth <sec> the coral triangle is home to 75 percent of all known coral species in the world .  researchers are using a special camera with a propeller attached to it to map the reefs .  about 40 percent of the world 's corals have been lost in recent decades due to climate change and human activitie .
 saudi arabia , uae , bahrain withdraw envoys from qatar <sec> qatar expresses `` regret and surprise '' at the decision .  saudia arabia , uae , bahrain announced the unprecedented move in joint statement .  they say doha has not implemented a security agreement among gulf arab countries .  tensions between qatar and other gulf countries have increased in recent year .
 bush calls indian pm to push nuke deal <sec> president bush calls india 's pm to push a proposed nuclear partnership .  indian government won confidence vote in face of anger over u.s. nuclear deal .  five members of parliament serving prison sentences were freed to vot .
 opinion : leading globally : america can not keep the peace alone <sec> a gop delegation , fresh back from asia trip , looks at u.s. standing in region .  asia 's continued economic growth is not certain , these lawmakers say .  they fear that china will use its economic and military power to coerce neighbors .  they argue u.s. carrier fleet overdue for upgrades that administration has n't budgete .
 divers begin recovery of civil war ironclad <sec> $ 706 million harbor deepening officially begins in savannah , georgia .  a civil war ironclad must be moved so the shipping channel can be deepened .  the css georgia never fired a shot in anger during the civil wa .
 justices to hear abortion-related case for review <sec> the supreme court accepts an appeal on the rights of protesters outside clinics .  a massachusetts law keeps protesters at least 35 feet away from clinic .
 girl who underwent lung transplants takes steps toward recovery <sec> sarah murnaghan , 10 , walks with the assistance of a therapist , walker .  she received new lungs in june .  her quest for a transplant prompted a change in national polic .
 beckham 's 'goldenbuns ' is ac milan 's 'lucky ' charm <sec> david beckham 's bottom becomes ac milan 's lucky charm .  teammates pinch the england player 's posterior during match .  ac milan have yet to lose since beckham signed on loan from la galaxy .  cnn looks at other odd footballing superstition .
 obama to add tariffs to some chinese tire imports <sec> u.s. to impose tariffs on some passenger car and light truck tires from china .  surge in exports has hurt the u.s. tire industry .  chinese leaders have strongly opposed possible tire tariff .
 vodka , bowling , costumes part of lebowski fest <sec> `` the big lebowski '' fell flat at the box office , but has developed a cult following .  film tells story of an aging hippie bowler turned bumbling detective .  lebowski fest attendees dress like characters from the film , bowl , quote lines .  most of the fans stay in character the entire nigh .
 eunice kennedy shriver hospitalized <sec> `` our thoughts and prayers are with mrs. shriver , '' special olympics head says .  family flies in to be at her side .  shriver is sister of president kennedy , bobby kennedy and sen. ted kennedy .  she is the founder and honorary chairwoman of the special olympic .
 the iowa caucuses : a media game <sec> no national delegates are actually at stake in iowa 's january 3 caucuses .  the caucuses are primarily a game of media expectations .  george h.w . .  bush beat expectations by winning iowa in 1980 , helping to earn a spot on reagan 's ticket .  mitt romney is trying to keep expectations low in iowa -- never easy for a front runne .
 bayern clear at top as dortmund hold frankfurt <sec> bayern munich go two points clear in bundesliga .  five wins from five for the bavarian giants .  champions borussia dortmund held in six-goal thriller at eintracht frankfurt .  juventus held goalless at fiorentina in ital .
 jackie gingrich , first wife of newt gingrich , dies at 77 <sec> new gingrinch 's ex-wife battled cancer for years .  she never talked on camera about their marriage , which ended in 1980 .  she taught high school math when it `` was considered by many to be a man 's field '' .  she was `` smart '' and `` spunky '' and `` strong in her belief in god .
 3 sentenced in immigration scam for faking cuban birth certificates <sec> prosecutors : scammers made $ 500,000 selling fake cuban birth certificates .  the scheme aimed to use a u.s. law that allows cubans to apply for residency .  `` you are cuban from today on , '' the plot 's alleged ringleader tells one clien .
 prince george charms in royal christmas photos <sec> palace releases three images of prince george ahead of the holiday season .  the young prince smiles cheekily for the camera in two of the shots .  his parents , william and catherine have just returned from a trip to new yor .
 israeli general : soldiers did not act in 'cold blood ' <sec> report : israeli soldiers said palestinian civilians were killed intentionally .  the accusation pertains to israel 's attack on gaza earlier this past winter .  israel defense forces has said it is investigating the claim .
 graffiti art targets kenyan 'vultures ' <sec> artists use graffiti paintings to slam kenya 's political leaders .  they liken the political class to vultures preying on the weak .  they say they want to spark ballot box revolution by making people think about their vot .
 former law clerks endorse sotomayor <sec> letter to senate leadership offers `` enthusiastic and wholehearted support '' .  endorsement signed by 45 of supreme court nominee 's 49 former law clerks .  letter comes day after top senate republicans said filibuster of sotomayor unlikely .  gop keeps up criticism ; president calls for end to `` usual political games .
 in rebuke to taliban , pakistan college named for malala <sec> malala yousafzai was shot in the head for speaking out .  `` she sacrificed her life for us , for education , '' says an admirer .  `` without an education , girls and boys are nothing , '' says another .  taliban claimed responsibility for shooting malala , who remains hospitalize .
 world bank : ukraine crisis , market volatility hits global economy <sec> global economy will slow , the world bank says in latest economic forecast .  the world bank has cut its growth from 3.2 % to 2.8 % amid economic headwinds .  developed nations will have steady growth while emerging economies will stay fla .
 family donates organs of new jersey boy shot dead by playmate <sec> brandon holt , 6 , was shot in the head by a 4-year-old playmate on monday .  he was pronounced dead at a new jersey hospital the next day .  his father tells the asbury park press that the family chose to donate the boy 's organs .  `` we ( hope ) it would help carry his name , that he 's helping somebody , '' he say .
 trial set for ex-baseball star accused of drunken driving , killing woman <sec> opening statements are next week in the vehicular manslaughter trial of jim leyritz .  leyritz is a well-known former professional baseball player and sports commentator .  he is accused of a running a red light while drunk , hitting and killing a woman in florida .  leyritz claims the light was yellow , and he could not have prevented the cras .
 time-lapse aging videos buzz across the internet <sec> more than 2.5 million people have watched a time-lapse video of a girl aging from birth to age 10 .  videos like natalie 's portray growth , change , and time dramaticall .
 al-shabaab kills somali ex-lawmaker , police say <sec> al-shabaab militants killed a former somali lawmaker thursday , police say .  it was the third attack by al-shabaab is as many days .  four people died when a u.n. convoy was attacked wednesday .  al-shabaab says it killed 36 non-muslims at a quarry in kenya tuesda .
 commentary : can obama lead another new deal ? <sec> anthony badger : british students impressed that americans stood in lines to vote .  barack obama is reading about franklin roosevelt 's first 100 days .  badger says there are parallels today to what fdr faced in 1930s .  badger : handling a financial crisis takes ability to improvise and rethink plan .
 eurozone ministers agree bailout for ailing spanish banks <sec> euro ministers agree 30 billion euro ( us $ 36.9 billion ) bailout package for spain 's banks .  aimed at preventing spain , eurozone 's fourth largest economy , from needing bailout itself .  madrid was also given an extra year to meet its steep budget deficit target .  spain 's banks suffering with bad debts mainly due to nation 's property market cras .
 iraqi leader sounds warning about sectarian strife <sec> new : four people killed in clashes between gunmen and security forces , police say .  prime minister nuri al-maliki : `` everyone will lose if civil war breaks out '' .  violence most recently raged in mosul .  sunnis have been angry at the shiite-led governmen .
 fears fuel emotional health care protests <sec> people fear they 'll have something taken away from them , michael cannon says .  obama promises those with coverage they like can keep it .  concerns coming up at town hall meetings echo sentiments from the campaign .  congress will have to `` rethink the plan '' after recess , diana owen say .
 prince charles ' car runs on wine <sec> prince charles ' office reveals his car runs on biofuel made from surplus wine .  prince converted other cars to run on biodiesel fuel made from used cooking oil .  report says prince 's household cut carbon footprint by 18 percent last year .  the prince renown for strong interest in environmental issues and rural affair .
 deadly blast targets houthi gathering in yemen <sec> the death toll from the blast is now 23 , with 48 wounded , interior ministry says .  the explosion targeted a houthi gathering in ibb province .  ibb 's governor survived the blast and fled , unharmed .  houthis have taken control of yemen 's capital and won territory from al qaeda fighter .
 arsenal knocks out tottenham in fa cup <sec> arsenal defeats tottenham 2-0 to advance to the fourth round of the fa cup .  arsenal is the second most successful side in the competition behind man united .  aston villa was the only premier league team to lose to lower-division opposition .  blackburn scores in the second half to draw manchester city and force a repla .
 pro-russian separatists defy putin call to delay referendum in ukraine <sec> new : russia says more u.s. and canadian officials have been added to those barred entry .  donetsk and luhansk separatists say they 're going ahead with sunday referendum .  body reportedly of pro-ukrainian donetsk resident is found in burned-out car .  russia says it 's withdrawing troops from border , but nato and u.s. see no signs of i .
 federal court blocks oklahoma ban on sharia <sec> federal appeals court blocks an oklahoma voter-approved measure .  the measure would ban state judges from considering islamic , international law .  council of american-islamic relations says measure violates first amendment freedoms .  legislator on possibility of judge factoring in sharia law : `` it should scare anyone .
 ledger fans demand the joker retired from film <sec> heath ledger fans are calling for the joker to be removed from future batman films .  they launched a petition at new web site , the ultimate joker , last week .  ledger 's joker in christopher nolan 's `` the dark knight '' received rave reviews .  ledger who died in 2008 has been nominated for an oscar for the rol .
 bashar al-assad says syrian rebels may attack weapons inspectors <sec> new : sources : u.s. , russia disagree over how to determine if syria is meeting its obligations .  some countries may ask rebels to attack international inspectors , al-assad says .  `` we can not know until the inspectors arrive in syria , '' he tells china 's cctv .  the u.s.-russian plan for syria 's chemical disarmament calls for inspections soo .
 15 best u.s. spots for kids <sec> travel site gogobot names travelers ' picks for best kids ' attractions in the u.s . .  top draws include science museums , theme parks and animals .  bats under a texas bridge come in at no . .  5 on the lis .
 fabregas - my future still to be decided <sec> cesc fabregas reveals that no decisions have been made regarding his future .  the arsenal captain continues to be linked with a return to barcelona .  fabregas left barca as a 16-year-old but has always spoken of his love for the clu .
 once taboo , death in america comes out of its shell in unexpected ways <sec> the victorians were open about death ; later , it became a topic of discomfort .  these days , people are starting to talk more about dying .  journalist kate sweeney 's new book explores customs of mourning in america .  sometimes those rituals include reefs , roads and roast .
 fort hood shooting family members talk in nidal hasan sentencing phase <sec> `` i am a lot angrier , a lot darker than i used to be , '' one survivor says .  patrick zeigler is partially paralyzed after being shot four times .  hasan faces death penalty after being convicted in fort hood slayings .  he has admitted to the shootings , says he would be a marty .
 fa cup final retains its global appeal <sec> the fa cup final between chelsea and everton is held this weekend .  established in 1871 , the fa cup is the world 's oldest association cup .  tv viewing figures suggest the fa cup attracts a huge global following .  cnn lists the oldest cup competitions from other countrie .
 missoni for target line creates black friday-like demand <sec> target.com up and running after periodic outages tuesday amid launch of missoni line .  stores across country report selling out of stock within hours of opening .  retailer says demand for zigzag designs exceeds typical black friday activity .  clothing , housewares from iconic italian designer typically sell for thousands of dollar .
