 obama asked : ever regret running for president ? <sec> president obama says being away from family biggest sacrifice of campaign .  obama says his lack of privacy is `` frustrating '' .  obama says today 's challenges are opportunities for youth to make a difference .  question about regrets leads to obama 's lengthy response at french town hal .
 golden globes : gabourey sidibe wins best comeback <sec> gabourey sidibe received `` mean tweets '' about her golden globes dress .  the 30-year-old actress responded with a witty tweet .  the response to her reply has been positive .  this is n't the first time the actress has dealt with criticism about her weigh .
 opinion ; do n't ask for all , ask what makes you happy <sec> maria cardona : the notion that women can have it all is a myth .  cardona : the real question for every individual is what would make you happy ? .  she says choosing either career or motherhood first is ok ; there is no one formula .  cardona : do n't judge the choices women make , rejoice that we have many choice .
 new zealand releases list of banned names <sec> new zealand has an agency that signs off on baby names .  some names that have been vetoed are mafia no fear and messiah .  new zealand is not the only country to edit names .  sweden also has a naming law and has nixed superman as a baby nam .
 monks brawl before religious ceremony <sec> greek orthodox and armenian monks punch and kick each other .  police called to break up fight at church of the holy sepulcher in jerusalem .  the site is believed to be where jesus ' crucifixion and resurrection occurre .
 official : next mh370 search likely announced thursday <sec> search area will be refined rather than brand new , malaysian official said .  analysts have been re-evaluating satellite data .  experts recommended shifting the search hundreds of miles in the southern indian ocean .  malaysia airlines flight 370 disappeared on march 8 with 239 people aboar .
 babbitt resigns as faa chief after weekend arrest <sec> new : faa head randy babbitt resigns after a weekend charge of drunk driving .  new : transportation secretary ray lahood accepts babbitt 's resignation .  police allegedly saw babbitt driving on the wrong side of the roa .
 two dying women teach the nation an unforgettable lesson <sec> on a single weekend , two young women with terminal brain cancer inspired a nation .  one ended her own life ; brittany maynard chose `` death with dignity '' .  the other , lauren hill , achieved her dream -- to play college basketball before she die .
 tsa trying new airline passenger screening machines <sec> new : aclu says machines ' detailed images violate privacy , assault dignity .  new machines use radio waves to scan passengers for hidden objects .  they 'll be used on passengers selected for secondary screening .  tsa says blurred image , remote location of scanner protect privac .
 nigeria pop star 2face idibia calls for crackdown on pirates <sec> music piracy in nigeria is a widespread problem .  music star 2face says the police need to enforce tougher sanctions for pirates .  a top nigerian music producer says better education is needed to fight pirac .
 alta : no glitz , no attitude , waist deep powder <sec> alta is spread across 2,200 acres of heart-pumping hikes and narrow chutes .  the resort is one of just three in the country that ban snow boarders .  guests at the resolutely un-corporate resort stay in five no-frills lodge .
 democrats fear superdelegates could overrule voters <sec> democrats ' system includes about 800 superdelegates -- party officials , leaders .  unlike elected delegates , superdelegates can vote for any candidate they choose .  some says they fear superdelegates could tip balance against the popular vote .  if such a thing happens , some say voters will feel alienated , disenfranchise .
 injury ends zheng 's hopes of repeating australian open success <sec> zheng jie will not play in january 's australian open due to a persistent wrist injury .  the world no . .  26 , who has not played since september , made announcement on twitter .  jie reached the semifinals in this year 's tournament , losing to runner-up justine heni .
 tragedy in boston : how to help <sec> the city of boston has established `` one fund boston '' to raise money for victims .  the red cross has several programs and information about dealing with an emotional crisis . .  the salvation army is providing food and pastoral care .  numerous crowd-funding campaigns for individual victim .
 severe weather leaves trail of destruction <sec> from cnn 's global affiliates , check out some of this week 's extreme weather conditions .  a typhoon in the philippines has killed 148 people and destroyed thousands of homes .  near auckland , new zealand , a tornado injured more than 200 peopl .
 vegan diet for dogs : a question of thriving vs. surviving <sec> shelley boyle 's vet suggested cutting meat , dairy from dog 's diet to diagnose ear infection .  five months later , cleo 's ear infection and bad breath is gone , boyle says .  vets say dogs -- but not cats -- can adapt to balanced omnivore diet .  question up for grabs is whether dogs can thrive on diet free of animal protei .
 five-goal barcelona brush off ukrainian champions in quarterfinal romp <sec> barcelona crush shakhtar donetsk 5-1 in home leg of european quarterfinal .  spanish champions in control of tie ahead of next week 's second leg in ukraine .  pep guardiola 's team seeking to set up semifinal against rivals real madrid .  brazil 's daniel alves scores one goal and sets up two at the camp no .
 time for obama to go 'gangsta ' on gop <sec> roland martin says obama should n't put up with senators who are holding him up .  gop has blocked obama appointments ; martin says he should go around it .  martin says obama should n't `` consider '' recess appointments , he should make the .
 death of kim jong il : view from the south <sec> journalist : announcement was greeted with general astonishment in seoul .  woosuk ken choi says most people in the south are calm about the situation .  choi : `` nothing happened in 1994 when kim il sung died and it will be the same this time '' .  south korean military responds to news of kim 's death by raising its alert leve .
 10 killed after blast near u.n. compound in afghanistan <sec> new : u.n. official calls the attack a `` tragedy '' .  a truck full of explosives blew up in front a u.n. compound , local officials say .  an hours-long gunbattle followed the blast .  afghan security forces kill four assailants , officials sa .
 motion : schools shot thousands of webcam images of students <sec> attorney who filed motion accuses pennsylvania district of `` spying '' .  among webcam images : students sleeping , texting , according to new court papers .  school policy did not outline use of webcams , says plaintiffs ' lawyer .  board president writes that district is `` committed to disclosing fully what happened .
 rights report cites abuses in kurdish iraq <sec> kurdish security forces arbitrarily detain , torture people , amnesty international says .  government has made progress in human rights , but problems remain , agency says .  honor killings , other attacks on women need to end , it says .  journalists have been detained , beaten and harassed by security forces , report say .
 pussy riot member hospitalized amid hunger strike <sec> pussy riot member is hospitalized in a medical ward , state-run media reports .  nadezhda tolokonnikova wrote this week that she was protesting `` slave labor '' .  russian penitentiary officials deny her claims , counter that she is blackmailing them .  she and two other pussy riot members were imprisoned last year after `` punk prayer .
 when hackers attack : amateur golfers vs. the world 's hardest course <sec> carnoustie 's championship course was named the most difficult in the world by time magazine .  the scottish links has hosted the british open seven times , most recently in 2007 .  the course is open to the paying public , with a one-off green fee priced at $ 220 .  officially players need a handicap certificate to play , but the rule is often relaxe .
 diana driver drinking before crash <sec> driver of car in which diana was killed was in bar before crash , jury hears .  cctv gives no indication though that henri paul was drunk , as officials say .  inquest jury also shown new footage of diana taken hours before her death .  court will make final decision on what happened in car crash 10 years ag .
 after long wait , japan moves to ban possession of child pornography <sec> legislation to criminalize child pornography is making its way through parliament .  the new law wo n't cover sexual abuse images in japanese comics and animations .  those industries say censoring their products would infringe on freedom of expression .  a u.s. state department report says japan is `` an international hub '' for child pornograph .
 tennis interactive : why clay is so different <sec> clay , grass and hard tennis court surfaces all produce different bounces .  the speed and bounce of certain courts can adversely affect a player 's game .  use the cnn interactive to see how the bounce differs on each surfac .
 ex-president saleh to leave yemen after handover , officials say <sec> ali abdullah saleh is headed to ethiopia , officials say .  abdurabu mansur hadi is yemen 's new president .  saleh led the country for 33 years .  obama : yemen could `` serve as a model for how peaceful transitions can occur .
 unrest in egypt , tunisia forces change in vacation plans <sec> spain is one of the top four tourist destinations .  thousands more tourists could be rerouted to spain this year .  the numbers could boost the spanish economy .  hotel owners may have to agree to less expensive rate .
 sahara explorer taming the desert <sec> newton jibunoh is a nigerian environmentalist and explorer .  he witnessed extreme drought and famine on solo expeditions across the sahara desert .  jibunoh works to curb the scourge of poverty caused by desertification .  he 's traveled the world to find solutions and set up a pilot project in northern nigeri .
 tragedy of oklahoma city echoes in norwegian terror attacks <sec> bombs in both oklahoma city and oslo were made from fertilizer .  bombers in both cases are described as domestic terrorists , attacking their native countries .  timothy mcveigh killed 168 people in the 1995 oklahoma city terror attack .  an oklahoma memorial chief says she 's learned `` evil does n't have to look like a monster .
 dogfighting a booming business , experts say <sec> humane society estimates 40,000 `` professional '' dog fighters in u.s . .  official says there could be an additional 100,000 `` street '' dog fighters .  purses at top-level dogfights may be $ 100,000 .  dogfighting a felony in 48 states , a misdemeanor in idaho and wyomin .
 texas immigrant flood will worsen , officials warn <sec> officials plan for 90,000 child immigrants this year , more in 2015 .  president obama , house speaker boehner clash over immigration politics .  obama does n't visit troubled border area during texas trip .  obama wants $ 3.7 billion in emergency funds to deal with the crisi .
 9-year-old girl dies from brain-eating amoeba <sec> 9-year-old hally yust died after contracting naegleria fowleri .  the amoeba can enter the nose , central nervous system and brain .  only three out of 130 infected people have survived over the past 50 years .  kansas health officials suggest wearing nose plugs in fresh wate .
 rubio : cuba taking advantage of u.s. ( opinion ) <sec> sen. marco rubio : castro regime wants even more in exchange for nothing .  when dealing with tyrants , you ca n't wear them down with kindness , rubio say .
 u.n. reviews security after kabul attack <sec> taliban militants attack guesthouse in central kabul killing up to five u.n. staff .  at least two militants died in the firefight ; nine u.n. staff wounded .  two rockets hit a hotel in another attack in the heart of the city .  weapons fire , explosions ripped through central kabul , starting about 6 a.m. local tim .
 your top-flight lawyer ? she 's a stay-at-home mom <sec> in the uk , the legal profession loses a huge number of women after career breaks .  city lawyer mothers feel they ca n't balance long hours with child rearing .  firm offers flexible home working for former high-flying lawyers .  clients benefit from `` top brain '' lawyers otherwise out of work , says fir .
 terror suspect at guantanamo pleads guilty <sec> `` if i keep my side of the bargain , they 'll keep their side of the bargain , '' said majid shoukat khan .  the plea is part of a deal that would require him to testify against other detainees .  he was charged with conspiracy , murder and attempted murder in violation of the law of war .  majid shoukat khan pleaded guilty wednesday to all charge .
 maria shriver breaks husband 's cell phone law , web site says <sec> new : shriver apologizes and says she will donate her cell phone to charity .  california highway patrol issues 150,000 cell phone tickets in first year .  gossip site catches shriver apparently violating cell phone law ; she 's not cited .  california first lady 's gaffes point to bigger problem , safety advocate say .
 hagel : russia causing itself long-term harm with ukraine steps <sec> cnn 's jim sciutto interviews defense secretary chuck hagel during his visit to china .  hagel says sanctions and isolation will hurt russia .  not a matter of `` one or two days or one or two weeks , '' hagel says .  new : hagel notes efforts to build trust with china despite difference .
 safety board recommends external cameras on jetliners <sec> cameras showing a plane 's wingtips would help prevent accidents , the ntsb says .  large planes like the boeing 747 , 757 , 767 , 777 and the airbus a380 would benefit from the cameras .  in may , a boeing 747-400 struck the rudder of an embraer 135 at o'hare international airpor .
 florida governor signs welfare drug-screen measure <sec> gov . .  rick scott says measure saves tax dollars , provides `` incentive to not use drugs '' .  democrats slam law , saying tests `` represent an ... illegal invasion of personal privacy '' .  controversy arose over scott 's association with company that did drug testing .  scott also signs bill outlawing hallucinogenic `` bath salts '' drug .
 cuomo 's 'eloquent voice for the voiceless ' remembered <sec> gov . .  mario cuomo 's most lasting legacy remains his `` eloquent voice for the voiceless '' .  while his accomplishments as governor were often more `` prosaic , '' he moved americans with his speeches .  his son , supporters say , is a clear inheritor of his legac .
 white supremacists , protesters clash over black man 's death <sec> people in paris , texas , march to protest dismissal of charges in black man 's death .  supremacists wave a flag with a nazi swastika , shouting `` white power '' .  two white men charged with disorderly conduct after taunting marchers , police say .  battered body of brandon mcclelland , 24 , was found next to rural roa .
 iranian officials optimistic after geneva talks <sec> p5+1 block `` has accepted the overall framework '' of tehran 's proposal , official says .  the sides could reach a deal in several months , says iranian minister .  iran 's proposal was one with a new `` level of seriousness , '' u.s. official say .
 dangerous winds move through northern rockies <sec> wind gusts topple semi trucks in montana .  high wind warning is in effect for parts of montana and wyoming .  gusting winds bend power poles and topple tree .
 walker 's victory could bring more efforts to weaken public unions <sec> at least 19 states have considered collective bargaining measures in the past two years .  gergen : wisconsin voters believe public unions are costing too much money .  the afl-cio president says the fight continues to the november general electio .
 the 50-cent accessory that could save your travels <sec> pressure point therapy can help tight muscles relax after long trips .  no need for expensive therapy or fancy equipment though .  a wiffle ball can be an effective solution to various aches and pain .
 colombian rebels release soldier <sec> soldier was captured by the farc late last month .  he is at least the eighth person freed this week .  farc rebels , the government are in peace talk .
 athletic ability leaves schalke shell-shocked <sec> spain 's athletic bilbao beat bundesliga side schalke 4-2 in first leg of europa league quarterfinal .  atletico madrid also beat german opposition , overcoming hannover 2-1 .  valencia go down 2-1 to dutch side az alkmaar ; sporting lisbon beat ukraine 's metalist kharkiv 2- .
 tsa chief john pistole retiring at year 's end <sec> new : pistole is nominated to be president at his alma mater , anderson university .  tsa chief john pistole surprises agency employees with announcement .  under pistole , tsa backed off plan to allow small knives , other items back on flights .  lawmakers , union praise pistole 's leadership at ts .
 metro-north crash shows killing zones drivers face <sec> metro-north crash killed six people at railroad crossing in valhalla , new york .  overall , train fatalities down in u.s. , tom zoellner says .  but `` bells and bars '' system still relies mainly on caution , proper gate maintenance , he say .
 cruise ship avoids potential pirate attack , spokesman says <sec> a cruise ship avoided a possible pirate attack in the indian ocean .  the ship 's radar detected a small boat and prompted the captain to take evasive maneuvers .  at least 28 vessels and 654 hostages are currently being held by pirate .
 stage collapse at indiana state fair kills at least 4 <sec> new : shortly before the collapse , police warned the audience of severe weather .  at least 24 people are injured , and police say the death toll might rise .  `` we are all right . .  we are praying for our fans , '' tweets sugarland .  a witness says he saw some people trappe .
 austrian incest dad vacationed in thailand <sec> incest dad twice holidayed in thailand while daughter remained in cellar .  austrian family terrorized by decades of incest meet for the first time .  josef fritzl kept daughter imprisoned under home for 24 years , police say .  fritzl , who appeared in court tuesday , has admitted guilt and faces 15 years .
 uk 's poorest banking on food donations <sec> trussell trust - a local communities charity on food banks - provided food aid to 128,697 britons .  government aims to rein in spending -- and that includes welfare benefits -- to tackle a national debt .  britain 's workforce has taken the biggest pay cuts in the developed world according to tu .
 pick the best asian films of all time <sec> `` the screening room '' has compiled a provisional list of the best asian films .  list includes akira kurosawa 's `` ikiru '' and `` mother india '' by mehbook khan .  but what are your favorites ? .  we would like to hear from web site users .  if you disagree or think we 've missed one . .  let us know in the sound off bo .
 bomb rips through pakistan hotel <sec> new : police officer says gunmen fired on security guards in pakistan hotel attack .  car bomb explodes at pearl continental hotel in peshawar , causing fatalities .  exclusive hotel is favored by diplomats ; it is near military base and police station .  pakistan military is on the attack against taliban in the regio .
 prisoner with suspected case of ebola escapes from hospital in uganda <sec> new : `` the disease is under control , '' world health organization official says .  the inmate is one of five prisoners receiving treatment at kagadi hospital .  they are among 30 patients with suspected cases of the virus .  the remaining prisoners will now be handcuffed to their beds , a health official say .
 eto'o head-butt adds to benitez 's woes <sec> rafa benitez on the brink as inter lose 2-1 at chievo .  tv cameras capture eto'o head-butting opponent but match officials miss incident .  juventus climb ahead of inter to fifth in table thanks to 2-0 win at geno .
 foley execution heightens fears for western hostages <sec> isis has other western hostages , including journalist identified as steven sotloff .  hostages can be useful bargaining chips or exchanged for ransom payments .  u.s. and uk governments have policy against paying ransom for hostages .  abductions are often kept quiet for fear of jeopardizing efforts to secure victims ' releas .
 opinion : mekong river dam threatens livelihoods and ecosystems <sec> cambodian government intends to build new hydroelectric dam .  conservation international believe current plan needs more consideration .  livelihoods and rare wildlife could be irreparably harmed by new project .  3-s river basin supports 1.1 million peopl .
 u.s. ship fires shots toward boats off somalia <sec> warning shots fired after two boats raise suspicions of piracy .  boats were approaching a u.s. navy refueling ship .  warning shots land in water and boats turn away , military says .  pirates known to prowl waters off african nation of somali .
 how i fell in love with a fish <sec> with compromised , overfished seas , dan barber puzzled over how to keep fish on food chain .  he says he visited fish farm in spain that restored water flow , fish populations to wetlands .  the farm is ecologically balanced , with abundant fish and 250 bird species , he says .  barber : the farm 's system is healthy again -- and the fish it produces are deliciou .
