 high court rejects appeal of 'ave maria ' ban at graduation ceremony <sec> in 2006 , school district disallowed instrument-only version of well-known song .  district cited complaints about performance of other piece that included religious references .  high school senior and others sued , saying free speech rights were being violated .  court rejects appeal without comment ; samuel alito publicly dissent .
 japan 's suicide rate for job seekers jumps <sec> some 31,690 people committed suicide in japan in 2010 .  424 people killed themselves because they failed to find a job in 2010 .  more than twice as many students kill themselves because they ca n't find job .
 tennessee to use electric chair when lethal drugs unavailable <sec> tennessee death row inmates will be electrocuted if lethal injection drugs are unavailable .  it is the only state to make electrocution mandatory .  in other states that use the electric chair , it is an option .  drugs for lethal injections have been in short suppl .
 toilets , corrupt officials , chicken coops : 10 weird tours <sec> shanghai 's weird meat tour offers the chance to sample duck tongue and bumblebee .  in barcelona you can see a side of the city known only to its homeless residents .  idaho 's barns star on -- what else ? .  -- the idaho barn tou .
 cnn student news transcript - may 4 , 2012 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 morocco 's king revokes pardon for spanish pedophile after protests <sec> king mohammed vi of morocco withdraws pedophile 's pardon after protests .  daniel galvan vina , convicted of raping 11 children , was among pardoned spanish prisoners .  protesters demonstrated outside morocco 's parliament building in rabat , the capital .  king did not know details of galvan 's case , monarchy says on its websit .
 senate passes 'do n't ask , do n't tell ' repeal ; dream act fails <sec> new : senate passes 'do n't ask , do n't tell ' repeal , 65-31 .  six republicans vote with democrats to advance repeal toward final vote .  dream act gets 55 of the 60 votes needed to proceed .  the lame-duck congress is working ahead of the holiday brea .
 last-gasp gomez goal gives bayern precious advantage <sec> bayern munich beat real madrid 2-1 in champions league semifinal first leg .  mario gomez scores 90th minute winner in allianz arena .  mesut ozil equalized frank ribery 's first half opener for bayern .  barcelona play chelsea in second semifinal wednesda .
 police : indian uber driver accused of rape is awaiting trial in other cases <sec> uber suspending operations in new delhi , re-evaluating screening processes .  shiv kumar yadav is also facing rape , molestation and firearms charges , police say .  he is now in police custody accused of raping a woman in an uber car in new delhi .  the case has prompted intense scrutiny of web-based car services in indi .
 venezuela 's chavez receives press freedom award in argentina <sec> venezuelan president receives prestigious award honoring press freedom .  chavez government in 2005 helped create telesur , a state-funded tv network .  telesur has been accused of one-sided pro-chavez coverage .  argentine journalists slam choice of chavez , saying he stifles press freedom in venezuel .
 discovery channel attacker convicted of smuggling immigrant in 2003 <sec> in 2003 , james lee , pleaded guilty to smuggling a woman from mexico .  this revelation is a stark contrast to his manifesto railing against immigrants .  police killed lee wednesday ; the hostages were unharme .
 mtv : 'no decision ' on 'teen mom 2 ' future <sec> the series follows four women who became pregnant while in high school .  mtv insisted to ew the show 's fate has not yet been decided .  about 3.4 million viewers tuned in for the show 's third season premiere last septembe .
 trio break out of belgium prison in helicopter <sec> three inmates escape from belgium prison in helicopter .  accomplices hijacked helicopter and forced pilot to land in prison courtyard .  one of inmates considered to be one of belgium 's most dangerous criminal .
 japan suspends annual whale hunt <sec> japan suspends its annual whale hunt after anti-whaling group chases its ship .  the sea shepherd conservation society regularly dogs japanese whaling vessels .  the group aims to lower the number of whales harveste .
 arizona execution raises questions over novel lethal injections <sec> joseph wood was supposed to die quickly and painlessly .  but he stayed alive for two hours after being injected with a novel combination of drugs .  his protracted death has stirred controversy over states looking for new lethal drug .
 whiskey business : myths of jack daniel <sec> to this day , nobody knows exactly when jack daniel was born .  daniel 's `` uniform '' : formal knee-length coat , vest , tie , and a wide-brim planter 's hat .  origin of `` no . .  7 '' : daniel was assigned a district tax assessment number of 7 .  daniel died from complications of gangrene from an injury to his foo .
 grand jury decision expected in nypd chokehold death <sec> eric garner died in a confrontation with new york police july 17 .  the medical examiner ruled that the death of garner , 43 , was a homicide .  the incident sparked protests in new york cit .
 large california fire is 'human-caused ' <sec> new : blaze is `` human-caused , '' officials say .  the fire is threatening more than 4,000 homes .  about 6,000 residents in the idyllwild area are under an evacuation order .  the blaze is 15 % contained , a forest service officials sa .
 saudi arabia closes embassy in egypt ; pulls ambassador <sec> new : egypt denounces `` these irresponsible acts , '' referring to the cairo protests .  the closures come after protests in front of the embassy .  throngs of egyptians call for the release of egyptian human rights lawyer ahmed el-gezawi .  saudi officials say el-gezawi was arrested trying to smuggle pills into the countr .
 video shows chilling minutes after ferguson shooting <sec> a video shows onlookers outside police tape after michael brown is shot dead .  his body lays prone on the ground , largely alone , until a white sheet is put on it .  crowd sees he 's unarmed ; many conclude the teen was shot `` for no ... reason .
 harry belafonte takes martin luther king 's heirs to court over documents <sec> belafonte 's dispute with the kings began in 2008 when he tried to sell the documents .  lawsuit : documents in question were given to belafonte by king , his aides and widow .  belafonte wants a judge to order the papers released to him .  the king estate has been aggressive in gaining control of mlk papers from other .
 florida teen rejects plea deal in controversial same-sex case <sec> prosecutor says plea offer `` extremely lenient '' .  florida teen has rejected deal .  authorities : charges are not related to the sexual orientation of the teens .  14-year-old 's parents : we are trying to protect our daughte .
 adventurers recreate 'greatest survival story ' of the antarctic <sec> adventurers set to re-enact polar explorer ernest shackleton 's epic journey . .  the team will only use equipment and clothes available during early 20th century . .  no one has yet managed to replicate shackleton 's entire rescue voyage . .  australian explorer tim jarvis will be the expedition leader .
 mississippi legislature tightens restrictions on abortion providers <sec> mississippi lawmakers : abortion providers must be ob/gyns , have admitting privileges .  observers say it could force the state 's lone abortion clinic to shut .  bill `` will effectively end abortion in mississippi , '' says lt. gov . .  tate reeves .  `` i am sick about this , '' says planned parenthood regional director for public polic .
 south african company fires 12,000 striking miners <sec> new : `` the workers are devastated , '' says the anc youth league deputy president .  thousands of anglo-american platinum mine workers have been striking for three weeks .  they were called in for disciplinary hearings .  those who did n't attend were fire .
 patz investigation a 33-year-long roller-coaster ride <sec> the 33-year-old etan patz case continues to stymie investigators .  investigators recently concluded their search of a basement near where the boy disappeared .  like other leads , it has failed to definitively reveal what happened to etan patz .  a cold-case investigator says it 's a success that the case is still getting attention and resource .
 rep. steve king tweets his christmas reindeer meal <sec> rep. steve king tweets his reindeer meal from oslo .  it 's `` totally normal '' for the region , cnn 's food guru explains .  meat played a role in popularizing christmas reindeer in the u.s .
 preston on politics : pumas stalking obama <sec> some disgruntled democrats say party rigged primaries for sen. barack obama .  despite sen. hillary clinton 's urging , not all of her followers are backing obama .  some pumas say they will subvert obama 's nomination .  others say they will vote for republican opponent sen. john mccai .
 kaka unveiled as real madrid 's number eight <sec> kaka is unveiled as a real madrid player after completing his move from milan .  the brazilian playmaker is handed the no.8 shirt in front of thousands of fans .  27-year-old just helped brazil to victory in the confederations cup tournamen .
 judy greer , john slattery join cast of 'ant-man ' <sec> `` ant-man '' started filming in san francisco monday .  paul rudd is playing the title character .  the film arrives in theaters july 17 , 201 .
 feds give $ 400 million to 8 states hit by hurricane irene , other disasters <sec> the funds are based on 2011 's biggest natural disasters .  several states receive funds to recover from hurricane irene .  alabama and missouri receive aid for tornadoes .  texas is awarded cash relief for wildfire damag .
 10 questions the 'lost ' finale needs to answer <sec> the `` lost '' season six dvd will contain 20 extra minutes .  why was claire able to give birth , but the other women are not ? .  jack has a wound on his neck that keeps reopening for no apparent reaso .
 mugabe , tsvangirai urge end to political violence <sec> mugabe is the longtime leader of zimbabwe .  he and tsvangirai are longtime political rivals .  disturbances on sunday injured mdc supporter .
 lindsey graham on 2016 : not rubio , ' i may just jump in ' <sec> sen. lindsey graham fuels speculation on a potential 2016 presidential bid . .  graham says sen. marco rubio ( r-fla. ) `` not quite ready '' to be president in a weekly standard interview .
 gop staffer calls for more 'class ' from obama daughters - cnnpolitics.com <sec> a republican spokeswoman 's comments about president obama 's daughters is causing a stir online . .  the spokeswoman criticized the girls ' dress and said they should n't roll their eyes at their dad .
 investigators believe missing iowa girls are alive <sec> fbi spokeswoman sandy breault says not all family and close friends are fully cooperating .  she urges anyone with information on the girls ' whereabouts to come forward .  `` we believe these girls are alive and we are not discouraged by the passage of time , '' she says .  lyric cook , 10 , and her cousin elizabeth collins , 8 , were last seen more than a week ag .
 bin laden message warns france to pull out of afghanistan <sec> new : u.s. counterterrorism official : the message 's effect on the hostages ' fate is unclear .  new : the message is an `` in your face '' signal that bin laden is still out there , the official says .  the audiotape believed to be from osama bin laden was aired on al-jazeera television .  the speaker says the release of two journalists hinges on a french troop withdrawa .
 opinion : a commencement speech that energized a nation <sec> controversy led three speakers to drop out of commencement talks this year .  julian zelizer : it would be a shame if colleges only invited those who give bland , inoffensive speeches .  commencement speeches can be an opportunity to introduce bold ideas , he says .  president lyndon johnson made a stirring case in 1964 for his vision of a `` great society .
 tourist on vacation finds huge diamond <sec> boy scout , 12 , finds 5.16 carat at arkansas state park .  arkansas 's crater of diamond state park is only diamond-producing site in the world open to the public .  new gem is the 328th diamond found by a park visitor this yea .
 woman gives low-income workers 'wheels of success ' <sec> susan jacobs created wheels of success to help low-income workers get cars .  the organization gives donated , refurbished vehicles to qualified applicants .  lack of transportation often gets in the way of people making a living , jacobs says .  the top 10 cnn heroes will be announced on october .
 opinion : george w. bush 's legacy is on the mend <sec> julian zelizer : president george w. bush is enjoying another bounce in the polls .  zelizer : with a few exceptions , presidential reputations are never fixed in stone .  he says one reason is that passions for presidents tend to lessen after they leave office .  zelizer : president obama has done bush a favor by continuing some of his policie .
 9 bodies remain in west virginia mine ; recovery effort under way <sec> new : officials hope to have all bodies removed by late afternoon monday .  nine bodies remain in west virginia coal mine after 13 removed on sunday .  explosion has prompted renewed questions about mine safety .  president obama to meet with safety officials over cause of the mine explosio .
 utah beauty queen , 3 other teens arrested in bomb-throwing case <sec> kendra gill and 3 other 18-year-olds accused of making , throwing explosive devices .  devices had potential to maim or kill , fire authority captain says .  one teen told investigators that they were `` pranking , '' probable cause document say .
 obama administration warned about health care website <sec> a confidential report obtained by cnn details warning that site was n't ready to go live .  the main contractor warned of a number of open risks and issues for healthcare.gov .  agency overseeing website said it addressed problems , was told project on trac .
 tottenham tell chelsea : hands off modric <sec> tottenham unhappy with chelsea 's attempt to sign playmaker luka modric .  croatia midfielder tells english newspaper that he wants to join london rivals .  spurs chairman issues statement saying the 25-year-old is not for sale .  french midfielder sylvain marveaux joins english premier league club newcastl .
 oprah interview with lance armstrong airs january 17 <sec> lance armstrong has agreed to 90-minute interview , oprah winfrey 's network announces .  release says armstrong is expected to talk about doping allegations .  armstrong has been working out in hawaii , doing triathlon trainin .
 hondurans vote to pick new president <sec> new : early results show ruling party candidate juan hernandez with the lead .  new : at the same time , the wife of ousted president manuel zelaya claims victory .  security concerns and economic woes are top issues for voter .
 uk riots : mapping the violence <sec> monday night 's unrest the worst seen in current memory , metropolitan police say .  police have arrested 525 people in london in the past three days and charged 9 .
 flight recorders found at dutch crash site <sec> mayor says too early to determine cause of wednesday 's plane crash .  investigators find data and voice recorders from turkish airlines boeing 737 .  at least nine of the 134 people on board died ; 55 wounded ; six critical .  accident involved respected airline and modern airport in good weathe .
 are we born with a moral core ? the baby lab says 'yes ' <sec> yale university researchers say babies are born with knowledge of right and wrong .  a test with puppets shows babies preferring the `` good '' character most of the time .  but bad comes with the good , and parents must guide children , one scientist write .
 california parolee suspected in shootings surrounded <sec> new : chief : none of the injuries to law enforcement officers are life-threatening .  an immigration and customs enforcement agent is shot in the leg , police say .  3 roseville , california , officers are shot in the jaw , shoulder and hurt by fragments .  authorities had `` pinned ... down '' the suspect , a wanted parolee , in a hous .
 press freedom : is this 1964 or 2014 ? ( opinion ) <sec> bob butler worries about arrests of two journalists covering the protests in ferguson .  local police wearing full combat gear detained reporters at a mcdonald 's .  butler : what planet are these police officers on ? .  where did they get their training .
 save the children ceo : 'our bottom line is children 's lives ' <sec> jasmine whitbread is the first international chief executive of save the children .  the charity raises $ 1.6bn a year and works in 120 countries .  in 2011 , the organization helped 125 million children . .  our bottom line is children 's lives , says whitbrea .
 ubs reveals new tool to claw back bonuses <sec> ubs unveils compensation model allowing bank to claw back bonuses more easily .  bank will pay out larger portion of bonuses in form of bonds , instead of cash .  bond values to be wiped out if bank needs bailout or if equity ratio falls below minimum .  change in bonus payout model is shift in politically-charged issue of banker bonuse .
 iowa court reaffirms it was ok to fire 'irresistible ' worker <sec> melissa nelson worked as a dental assistant for james knight for more than 10 years .  the iowa supreme court rules the dentist acted legally when he let her go .  nelson was fired because knight and his wife felt she was a threat to their marriage .  the all-male high court rules her termination did not constitute unlawful discriminatio .
 living medal of honor winners gained fame <sec> giunta is the first living recipient since 1976 .  other living recipients continued to make history .  some retroactive awards have been made since 197 .
 houzz taps into home improvement craze <sec> houzz caters to people who like photos of beautiful homes and dream of improvement projects .  houzz 's sites and apps attract 15 million users a month .  it draws people in with stunning photos and adds how-to guides and reviews of professional .
 new van gogh painting discovered : 'sunset at montmajour ' <sec> the painting has been identified as a van gogh after `` extensive research , '' a museum says .  `` a discovery of this magnitude has never before occurred , '' the van gogh museum says .  the picture is from 1888 , during a period considered by many to be the high point of his career .  it depicts a landscape in the south of france , where van gogh was working at the tim .
 scotus : rappers , unions , bearded prisoners <sec> the court will hear cases involving rappers , ups drivers and muslim prisoners with beards .  it is not yet clear if they will take up the hot button issue of same sex marriage .  the court 's 2014-2015 term gets underway monda .
 family , friends celebrate troy davis ' life at funeral <sec> `` i am troy davis , '' chant those at the funeral .  davis is called an innocent man put to death .  many speak out against the death penalty .  he was the `` soul of something profound , '' says his lawye .
 menendez lawyer offers theories for prostitution story <sec> first on cnn : possible conspiracies listed in letter to justice department .  sen. robert menendez was accused of cavorting with prostitutes in the dominican republic .  the alleges surfaced as he ran for re-election , but later discredited by the fbi .  however , federal authorities have launched a federal corruption investigatio .
 justin bieber fans outraged by late show in london <sec> justin bieber takes stage nearly two hours late at concert in london .  many young fans were taken home by angry parents before bieber finally appeare .
 two top afghan ministers sacked over cross-border shelling <sec> afghanistan 's interior and defense ministers are voted out .  pakistan has shelled afghanistan several times this year .  there are militant strongholds on both sides of the afghan-pakistani borde .
 famu president 's resignation effective immediately <sec> new : the university 's provost is next in line to become president .  the florida a & m university president 's resignation is effective immediately .  james ammons had said he would retire in october .  the resignation follows a band member 's hazing deat .
