 video from slain virginia tech officer 's car shows man with gun <sec> new : a vigil is held at virginia tech on thursday night ; another is set for friday .  video from a slain police officer 's car shows a man with a gun , just before shooting .  the man on the video matches the description of a person later found shot dead .  a state police major says `` we can not say definitively '' the dead man shot the office .
 opinion : lol is n't funny anymore <sec> john mcwhorter : people see the language of texting as a sign of bad writing .  he says the evolution of the phrase `` lol '' shows how texting is a new form of communication .  once a sign of humor , now `` lol '' is a way of indicating empathy , he says .  mcwhorter : texting is n't corrupting the way we communicate ; it 's enhancing i .
 football 's biggest footprint ? <sec> football stadiums across europe and the uk are using lighting rigs to grow grass .  arsenal 's emirates stadium is believed to have twelve lighting rigs .  the rigs have been used in germany , spain , greece , qatar , ireland and australi .
 royal couple make wise choice for wedding site <sec> mark saunders says many royal watchers thought william and kate would wed at st. paul 's .  but westminster abbey is future king 's nod to the past , he says .  it has power of tradition as site of royal weddings , princess diana 's funeral , he says .  saunders : couple embraces tradition in monarchy modernized by charles and dian .
 company says connecticut gunman never filed race complaint <sec> new : company president said no racial complaints were filed .  omar thornton brought two guns with him in a lunch box , police say .  authorities believe at least some of the victims were targeted .  thornton 's girlfriend says he was racially harassed at wor .
 baruch college student dies after pi delta psi fraternity 'ritual ' <sec> baruch college freshman arrived at hospital after suffering major brain trauma .  victim among fraternity members who traveled to the poconos from new york city for weekend .  authorities say student was injured while participating in fraternity ritua .
 sandusky lawyer : alleged shower victim said there was no sexual contact <sec> defense attorney describes sandusky 's version of shower incident .  former coach has maintained friendship with several alleged victims , attorney says .  jerry sandusky and his attorney maintain his innocenc .
 fact check : donald sterling 's claims vs. reality <sec> sterling said his comments about black men stemmed from jealousy .  attorney : sterling has a history of discrimination from his real estate ventures .  sterling says supporters are calling him `` by the thousands '' .  he also slammed magic johnson , saying he has n't helped the black communit .
 sources : u.s. spy planes watching iraqi-turkish border <sec> `` increased level '' of intelligence sharing with turkey , says pentagon .  u2s observing military movements amid tensions between turks , kurd rebels .  turkey has threatened full-scale attack on rebels ; u.s. relies on turk air base .  bush , rice to meet with turk officials ; iranian diplomat meets with iraqi p .
 tevez affair settled as west ham pay up <sec> carlos tevez now starring for premier league champions manchester united .  tevez scored crucial goal as west ham avoided the drop in the 06-07 season .  relegated sheffield united claimed west ham had gained an unfair advantag .
 university of okahoma : who are the 2 frat students ? <sec> `` that video does not represent his core personality , '' a friend of parker rice says .  levi pettit , the second student expelled , mainly focused on college football on social medi .
 closing arguments set in trial of michael jackson 's doctor <sec> jurors have two theories of guilt to consider for dr. conrad murray .  prosecutors say murray 's use of propofol for jackson 's insomnia was criminally negligent .  the defense contends jackson gave himself the fatal overdos .
 three men sentenced in mississippi hate crime death <sec> deryl paul dedmon , 22 , is sentenced to 50 years .  james craig anderson , 48 , who is black , was beaten by a group of white teens .  other defendants are sentenced to more than 18 years and seven year .
 peanut butter linked to salmonella outbreak is recalled <sec> the peanut corp. of america recalls all products made in blakely , georgia , plant .  peanut butter linked to salmonella outbreak has sickened 425 in 43 states .  three deaths possibly linked to the outbreak ; two in virginia , one in minnesot .
 obama rips gop opposition to jobs bill <sec> new : sen. mccain criticizes obama , says he 's campaigning on a taxpayer-funded trip .  president launches a three-day visit to north carolina and virginia .  the two states are key battlegrounds in the presidential race .  the white house has called on congress to pass the jobs bill incrementall .
 togo disqualified from nations cup <sec> togo 's national soccer team officially disqualified from the 2010 africa cup of nations .  confederation of african football confirms news after togo fail to play opening game .  players had been ordered home to togo in wake of deadly attack on team bus .  togo 's group now reduced to three teams : ghana , ivory coast and burkina fas .
 zero gravity flights : cheaper than space travel <sec> last march , novespace started selling seats on their `` zero-gravity '' flights . .  planes that follow a parabolic flight path can mimic the feeling of entering a gravity-free zone . .  tickets cost $ 7,932 ( cheaper than $ 250,000 for a seat on virgin galactic ) . .  the flights are popular with scientists and astronauts-in-training .
 cab-driving shutterbug chronicles istanbul 's underbelly <sec> cabbie 's familiarity with cameras once consisted only of `` an on and an off button '' .  sevket sahintas garnering attention for photos taken on his night shift .  fellow cabbie says , `` he makes us want to learn new skills , as well '' .  sahintas wants istanbul 's `` happy people '' to see how cold , poor residents liv .
 why faces matter to facebook <sec> facebook buys face-recognition site face.com .  the company makes apps that identify friends ' faces in photos .  facebook already has a face-recognition feature on its site .  but face.com 's technology could improve mobile face recognition for faceboo .
 investors ignored their suspicions about troubled pilot <sec> retired pilots are among investors allegedly duped by businessman .  marcus schrenker was popular among retiring pilots , known for his smooth talk .  investors said they long suspected that schrenker was n't being honest with the .
 trial begins for famous spanish judge <sec> garzon is known for going after former chilean dictator augusto pinochet and osama bin laden .  he was suspended in 2010 as a judge pending the trial .  he is accused of overstepping his legal authority in several investigations .  `` i face this calmly , with the tranquility of knowing that i am innocent , '' garzon sai .
 paris pistol pic : 'wake-up call ' for pippa <sec> storm of outrage over photos of pippa middleton in car with man apparently wielding gun .  royal watchers say incident should act as a wake-up call to prince william 's sister-in-law .  photo is causing a stir , after a spate of gun violence in france recently .  royal experts say middleton must avoid further incidents for risk of damaging royal famil .
 pakistani president finally visits flood-affected areas <sec> public officials fear a second wave of deaths from contaminated water .  president asif ali zardari was criticized for being away from pakistan .  the death toll now tops 1,343 , pakistani authorities say .  cost to restore the nationa 's agriculture sector may be in the billion .
 more than just a game ? soccer 's biggest grudge matches <sec> germany and greece to meet in last eight of euro 2012 in the ultimate grudge match .  ongoing eurozone crisis has added a political edge to the quarterfinal clash .  friday 's game will be one of the biggest grudge matches in football history .  other rivalries include the old east and west germany and argentina vs. englan .
 etihad airways unveils world 's most luxurious passenger jets <sec> `` the residence by etihad '' is a three-room vip suite with its own living room , double bedroom and shower .  etihad airways , the uae 's flag carrier , redesigned the cabins in its a380 and b787 passengers jets .  new luxury cabins designed by etihad design consortium are based on customer feedbac .
 a year later , obama again addresses nation on syria <sec> a year ago , president obama dropped plans to bomb syria over chemical weapons .  now obama confronts the threat of isis jihadists that emerged from syria .  complex issues surround military action in syria involving u.s. forces .  an election year at home also influences what happens over ther .
 golden treble for lemaitre in barcelona ; russians top medals table <sec> russia finish top of medals table at european athletics championships in barcelona .  russians win 10 golds and 24 medals overall to head off france and britain .  sprinter christophe lemaitre becomes first frenchman to win three golds at major event .  the 20-year-old helps his team win men 's 4x100m relay from ital .
 pizzeria harassed in case of mistaken identity <sec> a wisconsin pizzeria is harassed by people confusing it with one in indiana .  owners of memories gourmet pizza co. have gotten angry calls , facebook posts .  memories pizza of walkerton , indiana , made headlines amid `` religious freedom '' debat .
 prince harry : once more unto the breach ? <sec> prince harry 's comments about afghanistan stir up mockery , controversy -- and sympathy .  taliban brand harry as `` coward '' for only speaking when he was out of danger .  afghan parliamentarian says harry 's comments could risk damaging relations .  uk anti-war campaigners ask how harry knew those he 'd killed were taliba .
 movie food -- from low-class nibbles to luxury dining <sec> movie theater owners originally did n't want to sell food , believing it was low-class .  after great depression , they rented concession stands , eventually running them .  premium screening rooms offer cocktails , wine lists , $ 17 crab cake .
 what would the democrats do without clinton in 2016 ? <sec> some democrats feel even without clinton , biden , their crop of 2016 candidates is strong .  veteran strategist disagrees : `` it 's got ta be hillary or joe or we 're in trouble '' .  maryland gov . .  martin o'malley and massachusetts sen. elizabeth warren mentioned by som .
 nobel laureate norman borlaug dies at 95 <sec> borlaug died at the age of 95 from complications caused by cancer .  in 1970 , was awarded the nobel peace prize for his contribution to science .  helped develop disease-resistant wheat , worked to ease world food shortages .  borlaug : `` there has been great progress.. but famine appears all too often .
 100 fall sick on cruise ship celebrity infinity <sec> 100 passengers and crew members have been sickened on celebrity infinity .  the ship , which is based on the west coast , left san diego in late march .  the cdc is scheduled to board the ship monda .
 who is god backing in the super bowl ? <sec> study : 27 % of americans believe god plays a role in which team wins in sports .  dean obeidallah : if god backs teams for championships , god likes the yankees .  he says pick for super bowl a tough call : both teams have god-loving players .  obeidallah : san fran qb kaepernick said it right : `` i think he 's helping everybody .
 dialysis company accused of giant medicare fraud <sec> a doctor and nurse have filed a whistleblower suit against davita dialysis .  the two claim the company was over-billing medicare and medicaid .  they say the company was wasting medication and throwing it away .  the company denies the claims , saying decisions were made in patients ' best interest .
 a week after being shot in head , giffords breathing on her own <sec> new : giffords is off the ventilator and breathing on her own , the hospital says .  new : three people injured in shooting are still hospitalized , after the release of james tucker .  the grocery store outside of which the shooting occurred reopened on saturda .
 mma fighter arrested for alleged assault after manhunt <sec> jonathan koppenhaver has been on the run for a week .  his ex-girlfriend said he assaulted her in las vegas last week .  authorities arrested him friday at a motel in southern california .  `` i 'm so cursed , '' he said after the alleged assaul .
 cyborg professor looks to future of bionic technology <sec> kevin warwick had radio frequency id chip implanted in his arm in 1998 .  implant allows him to turn on lights by snapping fingers , open doors without touching them .  warwick says he does n't want to turn into a robot , he wants to be a better huma .
 'pandora 's promise ' director defends controversial nuclear energy film <sec> director : some of country 's `` top nuclear scientists and energy experts '' fact checked the film .  but scientist edwin lyman says the film hyped advanced nuclear technology .  robert stone : `` the anti-nuclear movement '' has `` come after me like a ton of bricks .
 pakistan elections : facts and figures <sec> pakistan holding elections on february 18 .  nation has parliamentary system of government .  elections to the assemblies take place every five year .
 former husband of alleged spy says he had suspicions <sec> alex chapman tells newspaper he `` hardly knew her anymore '' .  the couple met in london in 2001 .  after they were married , she became obsessed with money , he says .  husband : she was being `` conditioned '' by shadowy contact .
 the new dad learning curve <sec> dads from across the country talk about their first days of parenting .  modern dads like prince william are more involved in parenting than ever .  one of the biggest fears , dads say , is knowing how to handle a baby .  fathers take issue with the bumbling and clueless dad stereotyp .
 formula one could return to austria in 2014 <sec> the austrian grand prix could return to the formula one calendar in 2014 .  red bull founder dietrich mateschitz and f1 boss bernie ecclestone have struck a deal .  the race will be held at the red bull ring in south-east austria .  the austrian gp was dropped from the calendar in 200 .
 nigerian labor unions , government resume talks to end fuel strikes <sec> new : president goodluck jonathan is participating directly in the talks , sources say .  the national strike started last week in response to a government move to end fuel subsidies .  labor unions urge protesters to take a weekend break to stock up on food and water .  protests will resume monday if both sides do n't reach a deal , a union official say .
 5 things you may not know about olive oil <sec> olive oil contains monounsaturated fats , which may help your heart .  the united states does not have strict regulations about labeling a bottle `` extra-virgin '' .  olive oil beauty products are a multibillion dollar busines .
 stimulus is last chance for u.s. cities <sec> for decades , braddock , pennsylvania , has been in decline as it lost jobs and people .  mayor john fetterman says the population shrank from 20,000 to fewer than 3,000 .  he says stimulus plan has helped reverse the tide in the old steel town .  fetterman : government bails out wall street while allowing main street to suffe .
 mexican officials : gunmen behind massacre of 72 have been killed <sec> mexico says it has identified six of those responsible for massacre of 72 .  the six suspected gunmen have all been killed since the massacre , authorities say .  authorities believe the zetas were behind the killing .
 france to open north korea office <sec> the office will help meet cultural and humanitarian needs , france says .  it will open in the coming days in pyongyang , the french foreign ministry say .
 can social media clear air over china ? <sec> chinese environmentalist enlists social media to fight pollution .  microbloggers invited to send photos of suspected polluters .  photos are displayed on a map to name and shame offending companies .  social pressure recently pushed the government to improve air quality reading .
 billions in aid on the line : what will the u.s. do about egypt ? <sec> the u.s. gives egypt about $ 1.23 billion in military aid a year .  egypt is one of two arab countries that has made peace with israel .  the u.s. also has interests with the suez canal and american companies in egypt .  president obama has canceled joint military exercises with egyp .
 justices : judges can slash crack sentences <sec> new : justices samuel alito , clarence thomas dissent .  new : justice ginsburg writes , `` law says nothing about appropriate sentences '' .  supreme court : judges may impose shorter prison terms for crack cocaine .  ruling aims to shrink disparity between powder cocaine and crack sentence .
 meet the $ 7 smartwatch <sec> a crowdfunding campaign offers a smartwatch for just $ 7 .  fastfox is a chinese product .  makers say simple software and hardware let them sell lo .
 scientists discover monster star <sec> the newly detected star is 10 million times brighter than the sun .  its birth weight was 320 times the sun .  unlike humans , stars are born heavy and lose weight as they get older .  a team of astronomers used a sophisticated telescope in chil .
 connecticut governor signs sweeping gun measure <sec> new : connecticut 's governor signs tough gun-control bill .  new : `` today does not mark the end of our efforts , '' gov . .  dannel malloy says .  the new law adds more than 100 guns to the state 's assault weapon ban .  critics say it will do little to stop determined criminals , but supporters call the bill histori .
 'man of steel ' sequel to film in metro detroit <sec> warner bros. `` man of steel 2 '' is set to film in michigan .  director zack snyder believes it 'll make `` the perfect backdrop '' for the film .  the sequel will feature batman and superman on the big screen together for the first tim .
 environmental 'gut check time ' for obama ? <sec> green advocates worry obama softening on environment .  environmentalists call on obama to stop oil pipeline .  white house defends its record on `` clean energy economy '' .  arrested ex-white house adviser : obama `` made a promise .
 helicopter plucks crane operator from fire danger <sec> canadian forces helicopter rescues crane operator trapped by fire .  the fire monday destroyed a building in kingston , ontario , cbc reports .  the crane operator escaped with only minor injuries , the network say .
 boston magazine cover shows city 's heart <sec> boston magazine staff scrapped its planned cover in the wake of the marathon bombings .  art directors conceived the idea of running shoes in the shape of a heart .  120 pairs of shoes were donated for the project , and each pair holds a stor .
 'man of steel ' : not the familiar superman ( fan ) fare <sec> composer hans zimmer scored the upcoming superman movie , `` man of steel . '' .  he says following in the footsteps of john williams ' iconic fanfare theme was intimidating .  he says the new music celebrates `` everything that was good and fine about america . .
 mitchell casado , reluctant 'pilot of the people ' <sec> mitchell casado does n't like to see himself on camera , but he is a natural on-air .  fascination with flying became obsession when he got a toy plane as a gift at age 7 .  he was n't good at math & suffered stint of homelessness en route to becoming pilot .  he 's married to his childhood sweetheart , and he often worries about his pet dwarf rabbit .
 why the u.s. must win olympic basketball gold at london 2012 <sec> united states has dominated men 's and women 's olympic basketball .  legendary center hakeem olajuwon played in 1996 `` dream team '' .  luis scola was in argentina team which snapped u.s. domination in 2004 .  wnba star lisa leslie won four straight gold medals for u.s..from 1996-200 .
 the pellicano brief : a fool for a client <sec> private eye anthony pellicano chose to represent himself at his trial .  pellicano is accused of illegally gathering dirt for a-list clients .  people who represent themselves usually do n't do well with jurie .
 who was arrested in ferguson ? <sec> official arrest logs released for ferguson protests of police shooting .  shooting of black teen by white police officer sparked days of unrest .  log covers august 10 through august 22 and shows 212 arrests .  more than half of those arrested were charged with failure to dispers .
 terror , tragedy for tight-knit sikh community after mass shooting <sec> a man who interviewed witnesses for police describes what they saw in wisconsin .  he says witnesses say the shooter was a bald , white man with a 9/11 tattoo .  the gunman opened fire in the parking lot then in the temple 's holy room , he says .  those inside sought cover in the pantry , with one woman even hiding in a close .
