 opinion : how obama can avoid lame-duck blues <sec> julian zelizer : the last midterm election that a president faces matters very much .  zelizer : if gop gains control of senate and retains control of house , its power increases .  he says president obama might turn into a lame-duck president with little clout .  zelizer : if democrats lose the senate in november , obama will accomplish littl .
 michelle 's personal story a political triumph <sec> cynthia tucker : it would be tough for critics to paint michelle obama as angry , aggrieved .  she says obama 's dnc speech was not unkind , yet eviscerated mitt romney candidacy .  tucker : obama saluted military , told of humble roots , shared concerns with other americans .  she made case for her husband , drew contrasts with romney without venom , tucker say .
 officials : english tourist kidnapped by somali pirates <sec> judith tebbutt was taken from a kenyan lodge earlier this month .  officials believe she is being held in a remote corner of somalia .  one analyst believes this is the work of somali pirate .
 new yorkers react to weiner sexting scandal with jokes , calls to quit <sec> the latest sexting revelations make weiner the focus of ridicule for many .  criticism on social media overwhelms the voices of remaining supporters .  weiner acknowledges sending explicit texts after resigning from congress in 2011 .  he says he will stay in the mayoral race with his wife 's backin .
 computer failure temporarily halts some food stamp payments <sec> no apparent link to shutdown , but usda is unavailable to provide information .  problem began during testing of backup systems .  system shutdown began saturday morning , contractor xerox sai .
 ready for iphone 5 ? apple announces event next week <sec> apple is inviting the media to an event in san francisco on wednesday , september 12 .  the event is widely expected to be the launch of the next iphone .  among its rumored new features are a slightly larger screen and a smaller dock connecto .
 ryder cup 2014 : a tale of two captains <sec> paul mcginley is captain of the european team for the 2014 ryder cup .  europe retained trophy with epic win over the united states at medinah in 2012 .  the 46-year-old irishman is still competing on the european tour .  golf legend tom watson takes charge of the united states tea .
 cumberbatch , crow among celebs set to honor cnn heroes <sec> this year 's top 10 cnn heroes were honored at an annual tribute show in new york .  the show re-airs saturday , december 13 , at 8 p.m. et/7 p.m. pt .  presenters include benedict cumberbatch , questlove , christina hendricks and more .  the event also features musical performances by sheryl crow and trisha yearwoo .
 roach-eating contest winner choked to death <sec> edward archbold , 32 , died last month after downing dozens of roaches and worms .  he `` died as a result of asphyxia due to choking and aspiration of gastric contents '' .  the broward county medical examiner 's office rules his death was an acciden .
 spain 's lost treasure battle in u.s. court <sec> lawyers for both sides are due to present arguments monday morning .  mercedes sank during battle of cape st. mary , killing 200 spanish sailors , civilians .  no shipwreck or human remains were found at the site , odyssey 's stemm says .  `` we are not after the gold , '' spanish ministry of culture senior official tells cn .
 opinion : the west 's problem is not ukraine <sec> the west does n't have a ukraine problem , but rather one with russia , al larson argues .  larson says the focus of western policy-makers should be on how to re-engage russia .  the trade negotiations between the u.s. and eu could be used to increase pressure .  north america and europe are bound together , and need to keep russia in the fol .
 fbi posts reward for missing wife of beheaded man <sec> the fbi offers a reward of up to $ 20,000 .  shirley dermond is missing and in danger ; agencies ask anyone with more details to call .  worried friends went to their home in upscale neighborhood , found body in garage .  pastor describes parents of three as `` beloved in the community .
 facebook , instagram goes down ; twitter freaks out <sec> shortly after 12:10 a.m . .  et , facebook and instagram went quiet .  the outage affected users from around the worl .
 republicans wisely break with grover norquist <sec> john avlon : a growing number of lawmakers are breaking with grover norquist 's tax pledge .  he says they wo n't to pay fealty to anti-tax activist ; he hems them in on dealing with debt .  he says if dems are to deal on entitlements and gop on raising tax revenue , pledge has to go .  avlon : even reagan closed loopholes , raised taxes ; time to realize extreme stance no hel .
 boston bombing suspect 's body entombed in undisclosed location <sec> new : uncle says nephew is buried out of state and there was no second autopsy .  a `` courageous ... individual '' stepped forward , worcester police say .  police have n't revealed the location where tamerlan tsarnaev 's body was entombed .  tsarnaev , one of two boston marathon bombing suspects , was slain in a police pursui .
 is racism fine with uefa ? eastern europe will be watching closely <sec> uefa under fire for fining man city more for being late , than porto for fans ' racist chants .  pressure on uefa to crackdown on racism ahead of european championships .  ugly cloud of racism continues to hang over eastern europe , campaign groups claim .  fourth offense for man city and first offense for porto major factor amount fine .
 reward offered in hunt for killer of rare whooping cranes in kentucky <sec> wildlife officials seek the killers of two rare whooping cranes in kentucky .  the birds are thought to have been shot in the same incident in november .  a reward is offered for information leading to those responsible for the crime .  whooping cranes are the most endangered of all of the world 's crane specie .
 gop , climate change is not partisan football ( opinion ) <sec> sally kohn : the u.s.-china agreement to cut carbon emissions is a big deal .  kohn : republicans need to wake up to the fact that global warming is real and man-made .  she says the keystone xl pipeline would be bad for climate and u.s. economy .  kohn : gop should n't treat climate change as partisan football and set u.s. behin .
 tide turns towards undersea energy <sec> scottish power renewables has successfully tested a new type of underwater tidal turbine .  the device can produce 1 megawatt of electricity , enough to power 500 homes and businesses .  a fleet of ten underwater turbines could be installed off the west coast of scotland .  this would be the first sub sea turbine farm anywhere in the worl .
 transsexual wins right to marry in landmark hong kong case <sec> a transsexual woman has won on appeal the right to marry her boyfriend in a landmark case .  she was refused the right to marry as she did not quality as a `` woman '' under hong kong law .  the 37-year-old , known as 'w , ' had a sex change operation more than five years ago .  judges noted the decision does not address the question of same-sex marriag .
 custom-built robot to probe fukushima leaks <sec> robot to poke its arm into basement of ruined japanese nuclear reactor .  the arm can lift 100 pounds and cut steel .  the goal is to find a long-suspected coolant leak in fukushima 's no . .  2 reactor .  `` i think it certainly will solve part of that mystery , '' engineer say .
 philadelphia public schools budget cuts opening closing <sec> the superintendent of philadelphia public schools gives an ultimatum .  if the district does n't get $ 50 million by friday , schools wo n't open on time .  the district had to lay off 3,800 employees this summer due to a financial shortfall .  philadelphia 's mayor call 's the ultimatum `` chilling '' ; he backs the superintenden .
 murder-suicide suspected on cruise ship in puerto rico <sec> holland america says two passengers died in an apparent murder-suicide .  `` the cabin was immediately secured and the authorities were notified , '' cruise line says .  the fbi is investigating the deaths ; the ship is in san juan , puerto ric .
 kim jong un named 'supreme commander ' in north korea <sec> new : power reportedly transferred to him in october .  the north says it wo n't engage with the south korean government .  the comments come after two days of ceremonies to honor kim jong il .  the late dictator 's son kim jong un is being portrayed as the new `` supreme leader .
 obama , bush and ex-presidents have 'historic moment ' <sec> historian calls meeting `` smart politics , '' says it 'll be light , but could be tense .  obama and bush meet with bill clinton , george h.w . .  bush , jimmy carter .  obama says he 's grateful for chance to get `` advice , good counsel and fellowship '' .  last time all the living presidents met at white house was in 1981 , perino say .
 body of n.c. honor student missing for months found floating in river <sec> new : police say there are no `` overt '' signs of wounds or injuries on phylicia barnes .  new : hers and another body were found in a river , three to four miles apart .  new : a top officer says her body could have been in the cold water since december .  that 's when she was last seen in baltimore , where she was visiting her half-siste .
 after 6 days , u.s. boss held 'hostage ' by his chinese workers freed <sec> chip starnes was held in a beijing-area factory for six days over a pay dispute .  the ordeal was resolved , and 97 employees signed a new compensation agreement .  some workers said they were owed two months ' worth of back pay .  the u.s. executive said there were no outstanding balance .
 foxconn plans chinese union vote <sec> foxconn preparing representative labor union elections in china factories for first time .  foxconn says elections will include more junior employees , no management involvement . .  move is in response to frequent worker protests , soaring labour cost .
 opinion : the venezuelan nightmare <sec> sen. robert menendez says violence against protesters has made venezuela a nightmare .  in venezuela , the rule of law is abandoned and corruption runs rampant , he says .  menendez calls for sanctions on those responsible for violating the rights of demonstrator .
 eto'o : we ca n't wait until a black player gets killed <sec> samuel eto'o : `` we ca n't wait until some crazy fan kills a black player '' .  barcelona striker has endured regular racist taunting while playing in spain .  eto'o almost walked off during a match in 2006 because of sustained abuse .  he no longer allows family to come to games to protect them from racis .
 teen in ohio video 'ashamed and embarrassed , ' lawyer says <sec> michael nodianos `` sincerely regrets his behavior and his comments , '' his lawyer says .  nodianos appeared on a video mocking a girl at the center of a rape case .  he has been interviewed by police and had `` no involvement '' in the incident , lawyer says .  two 16-year-olds have been charged with sexually assaulting the gir .
 pom-boozled : do health drinks live up to their labels ? <sec> consumers should n't believe everything they read on labels .  the ftc and fda have been cracking down on unsubstantiated health claims .  though many health claims strain imagination , they still sell food and beverages .  these claims distract shoppers from the real nutritional informatio .
 rain stays bright in the spotlight <sec> korean pop culture sensation will be on talk asia later this month .  27-year-old has gone from backup dancer to appearing in hollywood films .  rain will be appearing with answers to your question .
 psychiatrist testifies on hinckley 's personality disorders <sec> hinckley `` continues to be mentally ill now , '' dr. raymond patterson testifies .  experts testifying previously said his top mental problems are in full remission .  would-be assassin is seeking longer release time from a mental hospital .  he was found not guilty by reason of insanity after 1981 shooting of president reaga .
 david brock : no scandal in hillary clinton 's emails <sec> david brock : the story is another example of gop efforts to create a phony controversy .  hillary clinton 's email practices did n't break the law , he say .
 how a german state election affects europe <sec> sudha david-wilp says the north rhine-westphalia ( nrw ) vote can portend national change .  brussels will be watching because germany is the power broker with the eu , she says .  david-wilp : the appearance of new parties could herald instability within germany .  she adds that the nrw vote will have an impact on germany 's future role in europ .
 gridlock hurts democrats , helps republicans <sec> julian zelizer : on the surface , it seems gridlock hurts both parites .  he says democrats suffer more since their party places more reliance on government .  gridlock prevents government agencies from planning and taking the initiative .  zelizer : focus for democrats shifts from proposing to protecting government program .
 musharraf swears in new cabinet <sec> new : `` never has such a smooth transition taken place before , '' musharraf says .  interim cabinet comprises members who served in musharraf 's government .  bhutto released from house arrest .  elections to be held before january .
 chinese netizens decry tourist treatment of dying dolphin <sec> a dolphin who died in the southern chinese city of sanya has sparked nationwide anger .  pictures of tourists mistreating and posing with the dying animal were spread on weibo .  the dolphin died due to injuries to its tail , likely from a boat collision , state media reporte .
 'it 's a little bit like yelp , for democracy ' <sec> my fair election collects ratings on polling places .  a few groups are crowdsouring election monitoring .  video the vote wants people to live stream videos from polling locations .  a harvard group warns citizen journalists to know local law .
 conrad murray did n't comfort jackson 's kids in er , family says <sec> prince jackson disputes doctor 's account of events , family member says .  murray told police he comforted prince , paris , blanket jackson in emergency room .  katherine jackson does not want her grandson to testify in murray 's trial , a family member say .
 rolling stone reporter denied embed after mcchrystal piece <sec> travel with a military unit was approved , then `` disapproved , '' the reporter says .  embedding is a `` privilege , not a right , '' a pentagon spokesman tells cnn .  michael hastings ' article helped end mcchrystal 's career .  mcchrystal did not dispute the accuracy of the piec .
 on the scene at barbra streisand 's brooklyn concert <sec> barbra streisand three-plus hour concert took place at brooklyn 's new barclay 's center .  she wore a shiny black number that had enough sheer to show off those famous legs .  streisand powered through `` enough is enough '' and `` do n't rain on my parade '' .  her tribute to composer marvin hamlisch , who recently passed away , was extremely touchin .
 youtube creators target vine , instagram with mixbit <sec> mixbit , released thursday , lets users create and edit short videos .  it 's from two of the creators of youtube .  users can splice up to 256 videos together to create their own .  web , apple versions are out now , android is coming next mont .
 bahrain 's silent spring : what happened to the 'pearl revolution ' ? <sec> state sponsored repression has been going on for the past two years , marc owen jones writes .  the prospects for pro-democracy movement are bleak , especially without western support , he says .  jones : extent of western indifference to ongoing political crisis in bahrain is alarmin .
 park rangers returning to gorilla refuge <sec> fighting forced rangers to flee gorilla reserve in democratic republic of congo .  some of the rangers fled some 14 months ago .  `` rangers are neutral in this conflict , '' park official say .
 paralympics 2012 : the inspiring women fighting for gold <sec> a record 1,513 female athletes are competing in the 2012 paralympic games .  the number of female paralympians have doubled in the last 20 years .  cnn takes a look at a few of the inspiring women aiming for gold .  we want to know the woman who inspires you . .  tell us in the comment .
 death toll in cambodia stampede now at 375 <sec> new : an additional 755 people are reported injured at an annual festival .  cambodia has declared thursday a national day of mourning .  the stampede occurred on a bridge during an annual festival to honor naval force .
 minister : boy 's kidnappers include someone close to family <sec> five-year-old snatched by armed robbers while on holiday with family in punjab .  sahil saeed , of pakistani descent , was on a two-week vacation in punjab .  kidnappers have reportedly demanded a ransom of $ 118,00 .
 double amputee loses legs , finds a cause <sec> fishing trip turned tragic for 16-year-old jordan thomas .  double amputee discovered others struggling to pay for prosthetic limbs .  jordan thomas foundation has raised $ 350k to help those struggling to pay .  legislation addresses payment gap , but more needed , say advocate .
 is time running out for the leap second ? <sec> more than 100 countries are discussing whether to keep the addition of leap seconds to the global time system .  many 21st century devices rely on incredibly accurate time keeping .  the u.s. and most european nations want to abandon the leap seconds system which they say is too cumbersome .  without the adjustment , time measured by atomic clocks and time according to the earth 's rotation will start to deviat .
 latest f1 standings after canadian gp <sec> sebastian vettel extends lead despite being caught on final lap by jenson button .  mclaren driver moves up to second overall after dramatic victory in canada .  vettel 's teammate mark webber retains third place after also finishing on the podium .  red bull move further ahead of mclaren in the manufacturers ' standing .
 barclays bank ceo diamond resigns amid scandal <sec> new : another top barclays executive resigns hours after ceo bob diamond .  the bank was fined $ 450 milllon over alleged manipulation of lending rates .  the rate-fixing scandal took money out of the public 's pocket , an analyst says .  chairman marcus agius resigned a day earlier but will now stay o .
 sochi 2014 : first impressions of russia 's grand winter olympics plan <sec> sochi buildup has been negative : security threats , gay-rights protests , corruption claims .  but another narrative appears : russia 's bid to forge a new identity through sport .  the much touted `` ring of steel '' around sochi looks to be in place .  `` world 's most expensive road '' is nothing short of an engineering marve .
 brazil name little-known menezes as replacement for dunga <sec> mano menezes is the new coach of brazil in succession to sacked dunga .  menezes emerged from a three-strong shortlist revealed brazilian football confederation .  dunga was sacked after world cup quarterfinal exit to the dutc .
 china looks for blue-sky solutions as smog worsens <sec> beijing experiences orange smog alert for the first time .  government and individuals put forward a variety of solutions to air pollution crisis .  air pollution index scores of 400 far exceed recommended levels .  economics trump environment as factories shown to be leading contributor .
 gillard trip underlines australia 's dependence on china <sec> australian pm julia gillard begins six-day visit to china friday .  gillard expected to secure major currency conversion deal with china .  currently , chinese and australian companies must use u.s. dollar as intermediary for trade .  deal would be step towards full convertibility of chinese yuan on international market .
 un chief : do n't waver from anti-poverty goals <sec> the millennium development goals include halving extreme poverty by 2015 .  the u.n. chief says progress reaching targets has been uneven .  international leaders also will convene this week for the u.n. general assembly 's debat .
 'watchmen ' stars eagerly await release <sec> `` watchmen '' film has been anticipated since comic books in mid-'80s .  film to be released friday ; stars are proud of finished product .  actor jeffrey dean morgan : `` we got to play superheroes .
 review : 'prince ' brings more potter excellence <sec> `` harry potter and the half-blood prince '' is sixth film in harry potter series .  new film another success , a great tribute to daniel radcliffe 's abilities .  film is rated pg , though not all of it is appropriate for young childre .
 urbanspoon launches full redesign <sec> app now lets you rate and upload photos of your dishes .  update de-emphasizes `` shake to find a random restaurant '' home screen .  photos feature pushes urbanspoon onto foodspotting 's tur .
 myanmar says it will set up panel to look into political prisoner releases <sec> new : united states lauds `` important step '' .  a prisoner group says it has been invited to work on the project .  myanmar long refused to acknowledge political prisoners in its jails .  human rights watch estimates that hundreds of political prisoners remain behind bar .
 strong winds , rain close statue of liberty <sec> new : flooding reported in pittsburgh , elsewhere in pennsylvania .  new : conditions improve at region 's airports .  winds break christmas tree near brooklyn bridge .  the weather service confirms an ef-2 tornado damaged homes in georgi .
 breaking the cycle of homelessness <sec> 1 in 45 u.s. children experience some form of homelessness each year .  covenant house intl has served over 1 million homeless youth in the u.s. , canada and latin america .  rights of passage program trains residents to keep a job , save money , cook and clean .  covenant house president and ceo , kevin ryan says `` claiming dignity '' is ke .
