 tests find no proof pablo neruda was poisoned ; some still skeptical <sec> scientists say pablo neruda suffered from prostate cancer when he died .  tests find no proof to support claims that the poet was poisoned .  neruda 's nephew says he plans to push for more tests .  `` the pablo neruda case is not closed , '' an attorney say .
 accuser 's attorney wants review of jameis winston investigation <sec> attorney for alleged victim says police focused on her client .  patricia carroll wants the state attorney general 's office to investigate .  prosecutors declined to charge florida state 's star quarterback in the case .  winston has said through his attorney he had consensual sex with the woma .
 obama 's race problem is black and white -- and green <sec> in recent weeks , obama 's support among blacks has been beset by troubles .  among them : cbc scolding , hardball questions on bet , black jobless numbers .  he faces a balancing act in the 2012 campaign in appealing to various blocs .  sociologist reginald daniel : `` finding a middle ground is almost an impossibility .
 indonesia volcano erupts again <sec> new : death toll from recent eruptions is now 39 .  mount merapi spews hot ash clouds .  residents flee once agai .
 smartphone of the future will be in your brain <sec> stewart scott-curran , tim lampe : what will the phone be like in 100 years ? .  they imagine that in 15 years , we get smartglasses with augmented reality .  in 50 years , the wristphone has hologram features and voice activation .  scott-curran , lampe : in 100 years , humans use rocks again to talk to each othe .
 18-year-old in india named world 's shortest woman <sec> jyoti amge is just over 2 feet tall .  she has a form of dwarfism called achondroplasia .  guinness world records reps were at her 18th birthday to confirm the recor .
 massachusetts senator pushes bill for irish work visas <sec> sen. scott brown backs bill for 10,500 special work visas for the irish .  brown represents massachusetts , home to many americans of irish descent .  brown 's bill has been blocked by a fellow republican who wants the bill change .
 'jackson 's troubles overshadowed his success ' <sec> jackson pronounced dead at 2:26 p.m. pt on thursday after cardiac arrest .  early fame had very damaging affect on jackson 's life , says newspaper .  jackson compared to elvis presley and frank sinatr .
 obama reverses course on alleged prison abuse photos <sec> new : democratic congressmen offer mixed reactions to obama 's decision .  new : senate dems mostly quiet , but russ feingold says he opposes move .  obama says releasing photos would `` further flame anti-american opinion '' .  photos show detainees in iraq and afghanistan between 2001 and 200 .
 friend : prosecutor alberto nisman fearful before death <sec> the owner of the gun that killed alberto nisman explains his side of the story .  diego lagomarsino gives new details about nisman 's puzzling death .  he is also the only person charged in connection with the deat .
 marilyn edge charged with murder in calif. as 2 kids are buried in ga . <sec> as he watches their burials , it may slowly sink in to mark edge that his children are dead .  authorities allege that their mother poisoned them .  a court had just awarded their father custody , but their mother fled with them to california .  police her in a parking lot , where they say she tried to kill hersel .
 six species under threat in mexico <sec> mexico hosts to up to 10 percent of all known species on earth .  it is home to 502 types of mammals , 290 bird species and 26,000 types of plants .  human development and climate change is placing a big strain on its biodiversity .  the golden eagle is under threat in spite of being the country 's national symbo .
 hookup culture debases women <sec> william bennett : an erotic trilogy and a hbo series paint discouraging portraits of women .  bennett : demoralizing sexual encounters debase both women and men .  he says we should take a piece of advice from the victorian author george eliot .  bennett : traditional marriage is the place to find true sexual satisfactio .
 hostage kayla mueller 's parents want to talk to isis <sec> state news : uae putting f-16 squadron in jordan to reaffirm solidarity .  kayla mueller 's parents ask her captors to contact them privately .  u.s. officials have no evidence she has been kille .
 the day america met barack obama <sec> writer rode with obama on his way to give keynote address at 2004 dnc .  obama 's keynote electrified the nation , emphasized unity .  candidate john kerry took a chance giving keynote to lesser-known obama .  obama calm : said the pressure `` nothing compared to folks ... getting laid off .
 ferguson protests around u.s. fill streets <sec> protests are largely peaceful , but oakland , california , vandals broke windows , looted stores .  part of the 101 freeway in los angeles was shut down in both directions .  new york protester : `` now we 're going to make sure things are going to change '' .  boston 's mayor estimates 1,000 people took to the streets tuesday nigh .
 turkish pm erdogan regrets kurdish civilian airstrike deaths <sec> new : turkey 's foreign minister says the country does not discriminate between its citizens .  erdogan says the deaths , many of youths under 20 , were `` a sad outcome '' .  the turkish military airstrike killed 35 people who were smuggling cigarettes .  a kurdish separatist group member calls for a `` settling of accounts '' over the death .
 liverpool go through to last 32 <sec> liverpool reach last 32 of europa league with a game to spare after draw in romania .  paris st. germain qualify from group j with a 4-2 victory over spain 's sevilla .  turkish side besiktas go through from group l with a 2-1 win at cska sofia .  in group e , dynamo kiev booked berth with 4-1 win at previous leaders bate boriso .
 argentine folk singer shot dead in guatemala <sec> new : the guatemalan president declares three days of national mourning .  the singer was on a latin american tour .  gunmen attack his suv as he makes his way to the airport .  a motive for the killing remains unclea .
 chrysler 's business decision is personal to small town <sec> axed chrysler dealership holds central place in tiny georgia crossroads .  generations of families have purchased vehicles from claxton chrysler dodge .  folks walk in off the street just to shoot the breeze over a cup of coffee .  dealer has supported youth sports , festivals , parades , charities , other businesse .
 apple 's green image continues to be dirtied <sec> greenpeace : apple needs to do more to reach its clean energy goals .  environmental group applauds apple 's green ambitions .  apple has been catching heat for abandoning a green electronics standard .  greenpeace gave the company c and d rankings for the greenness of iclou .
 opinion : sudan must end 'cruel ' amputation punishment <sec> sudan threatens to train judges to cut off hands , legs of convicted criminals .  deputy chief justice says doctors who refuse to carry out amputations will be punished .  belay : sudan must put an end to the use of cruel , inhuman punishment .
 police : still no suspect in thai beach killings <sec> new : police say dna test do n't match evidence from female victim 's body .  dna was taken from two british brothers and 11 other men .  autopsy : slain woman had signs of sexual intercourse , getting hit in head .  the male victim had water in his lungs , was hit by hard object , police sa .
 alleged drug dealer indicted after multimillion-dollar drug seizure <sec> $ 6.5 million worth of methamphetamine and heroin is seized in july .  `` this is one of the largest and highest-purity methamphetamine seizures , '' the dea says .  authorities learn of the alleged drug shipment through a wiretap of a suspect 's phone .
 official : panetta misinterpreted on 'permission ' for syria intervention <sec> panetta had an exchange with sen. jeff sessions , r-alabama .  sessions : congress circumvented when obama joined nato coalition in libya .  panetta said , `` you know , our goal would be to seek international permission '' .  sessions `` baffled by the idea '' that international group must approve u.s. comba .
 trying out tokyo 's earthquake simulator <sec> there are 50,000 reported earthquakes in the world each year .  world 's biggest believed to have been the 1960 valdiva quake in chile , measuring 9.5 on richter scale .  japan has had more than 60 major quakes . .  earthquake simulator center teaches people how to reac .
 man sets off black powder in beijing airport <sec> an explosion was heard at the beijing airport .  a man set off black powder , the kind used in firecrackers .  the man was hurt and transported to the hospital .  no one else was reported injure .
 aviation authorities find no big problems at dreamliner 's battery maker <sec> inspectors find no serious problems at gs yuasa , the battery maker .  attention shifts to the company that makes the monitoring system .  officials are trying to find the cause of two incidents involving dreamliners .  authorities have ground the boeing 787 planes worldwide for the time bein .
 uk police settle over de menezes shooting <sec> uk police reach settlement with family of jean charles de menezes , whom police shot dead in 2005 .  officers mistook de menezes for suicide bomber .  he was killed on tube train weeks after four suicide bombers struck on london transport syste .
 mississippi man pleads guilty to hate crimes charge <sec> group of mississippi men attacked african-americans , authorities say .  one such assault involved a slingshot , ball bearings , according to prosecutors .  joseph dominick , 21 , pleaded guilty thursday to one charge of conspirac .
 will healthcare law pit obama vs. roberts ? <sec> supreme court will hear case on obama 's healthcare law this month .  james simon : case recalls the furious battle between fdr and the court .  in both cases , president 's prime achievements came under judicial review .  simon : supreme court 's future direction could be decided by november electio .
 susan boyle 's debut cd sets amazon pre-ordered sales record <sec> susan boyle sets new record as amazon.com 's most pre-ordered cd .  48-year-old spinster wowed audiences on british talent show .  became an overnight sensation after delivering pitch-perfect rendition of `` i dreamed a dream .
 pair gets four years in stamos extortion case <sec> federal judge sentences man , woman in extortion , conspiracy plot .  they were accused of threatening to sell compromising photos .  actor john stamos said he was slandere .
 children slipping through health care safety net <sec> aaron e. carroll says rising poverty numbers show one in five children affected .  he says this reality must be faced when deciding how to save government money .  he says more ca n't afford private insurance but must rely on medicaid , which faces cuts .  carroll : reliance on safety net is growing and we must perserve i .
 opinion : it 's not syria holding up immigration reform <sec> ruben navarrette : some say syria kept house from passing immigration reform . .  that 's bogus .  he says debate over until 2015 ; bill was cumbersome and pork-laden .  he says sticking points are over things not vital to reform movement , such as citizenship .  navarrette : both parties panicked ; syria gives them out , but it 's not the real reaso .
 justice wo n't probe cia , senate spying allegations <sec> prosecutors say it ca n't find enough evidence to merit a full investigation .  cia sought probe of whether senate staffers improperly accessed classified documents .  the issue arose during senate review of documents related to cia 's interrogation progra .
 oscar pistorius to appear in court after murder investigation ends <sec> pistorius will appear in court on august 19 over the killing of his girlfriend .  the date would have been reeva steenkamp 's 30th birthday .  pistorius says he mistook her for a home invader when he shot her in february .  police say they expect the case to be postponed while lawyers agree on a trial dat .
 durham settles lawsuit by former duke lacrosse players <sec> duke settles lawsuit filed by three wrongly accused former lacrosse players .  the players were exonerated of sexually assaulting an exotic dancer at a party in 2006 .  durham will give $ 50,000 to the north carolina innocence inquiry commissio .
 rwandan to face genocide charges in finland <sec> the case is the first genocide trial in finland 's history .  the 58-year-old hutu man living in finland when he was arrested .  estimated 800,000 ethnic tutsis slaughtered in 1994 by hutu-led militia .
 opinion : fired because a man ca n't control himself <sec> iowa court rules it 's not sex discrimination for a man to fire a woman because she 's attractive .  pepper schwartz thought we 're at the point that if a man ca n't control his lust , it 's illegal .  schwartz : women are insulted , not hired if unattractive , fired if they are too pretty .  saving your marriage by firing an employee for her looks is a gender issue , she say .
 nelson mandela will attend world cup opening ceremony <sec> nelson mandela will attend the world cup opening ceremony says his grandson .  former south african president will greet the crowd at soccer city stadium .  current president jacob zuma dedicates the world cup to mandel .
 'ninjas ' and 'skeletons ' : japan 's eccentric homes find a niche <sec> radical design is featuring more and more in japan 's residential landscape .  it is a hit among the country 's young generation .  many avant-garde structures are small middle-class homes .  having no worry about long-term investment gives japanese home owners a lot of creative licens .
 enduring bromance of tennis ' 'marathon men ' <sec> `` marathon men '' john isner and nicolas mahut have forged close friendship .  their first round match at wimbledon in 2010 is the longest in tennis history .  by the end of their 11-hour match they 'd become famous the world over .  isner speaks regularly to mahut who he calls one of the `` classiest guys on tour .
 pelosi says she 'll press on with armenian 'genocide ' resolution <sec> turkey 's top general warns that ties with u.s. will suffer if resolution passes .  white house says labeling deaths genocide would harm relations in region .  pelosi says `` there has never been a good time '' for this resolution .  deportation of armenians after wwi resulted in estimated 1.5 million death .
 george mitchell named special envoy for the middle east <sec> new : mitchell says a jewish state and a palestinian state living in peace is possible .  former senate majority leader is announced as envoy for the middle east .  richard holbrooke named as special rep to afghanistan , pakistan .  holbrooke is former u.n. ambassador and architect of dayton accord .
 kerry tells congress to hold off on new iran sanctions for now <sec> `` we 're skeptical , '' kerry says of iran 's intentions .  a gop legislator compares iranian threats against israel to hitler .  legislators question interim deal on iran nukes .  some lawmakers pushing for new round of sanctions to force tehran 's han .
 judge oks transocean agreement on civil penalties <sec> judge accepts agreement between transocean and prosecutors on oil spill fines .  transocean will have two years to pay the $ 1 billion fine .  transocean pleaded guilty last week to criminal violations of the clean water act .  a separate civil trial begins next week to determine the cause of the acciden .
 a case of wall street greed gone too far <sec> goldman sachs granted $ 65 million in stock to execs before new tax rates began .  susan antilla says the firm 's ceo had endorsed higher rates , called for entitlement cuts .  she says goldman benefits from the implicit promise that u.s. will bail it out .  antilla : it was unseemly for goldman to rush the payments to shield execs from new rate .
 5 things you did n't know about the crash of twa flight 800 <sec> 230 people were on board twa flight 800 from 13 countries .  the government spent four years and millions of dollars in the investigation .  the fbi said the disaster was not caused by a terrorist ac .
 investigators look for missed signals in fort hood probe <sec> new : fbi : probe so far shows fort hood attack was n't part of a broader terrorist plot .  investigators check link between suspect , ex-cleric at virginia mosque .  online post attributed to cleric praised hasan as a hero for the fort hood attack .  maj. nidal malik hasan awake , says spokesman at hospital where he 's being treate .
 saudi support for syrian rebels shaped by tribal , religious ties <sec> syrians ' tribal ties with saudis are fueling aid to syrian rebels .  saudi government keeps tight rein on aid to syrian groups , trying to keep it from extremists .  saudi-based syrians set up charities carefully to stay within the rules .  but one says once aid gets to syria , it 's out of their contro .
 spain 's jobless figures hit record high <sec> spain 's unemployment rate for the last quarter was the highest ever , official figures show .  the young are badly affected , with just over 55 % of those aged 16-24 jobless .  spain is suffering its second recession in three years .  in the eurozone , only greece has a greater proportion of unemployed young peopl .
 musharraf halted from running for parliament , lawyer says <sec> musharraf will challenge decision .  he faces three court cases .  the former president had been in exile after leaving pakista .
 australia 's tony abbott makes 'suppository of all wisdom ' gaffe <sec> `` no one ... is the suppository of all wisdom , '' tony abbott says at an event .  `` there was an audible gasp , '' a reporter at the event says .  the hashtag # suppository starts trending on twitter in australia .  abbott is campaigning for national elections next mont .
 lady gaga 's 'born this way ' : a track-by-track breakdown <sec> `` americano '' is a disco-fied showtune with a pronounced `` latin '' -flavor .  `` bloody mary '' has a sluggish tempo and a lyric that sounds like bad high school poetry .  `` you and i '' is gaga 's signature power ballad -- a fan favorite since 200 .
 9 men jailed in uk on terror plot charges <sec> nine men are jailed in london after admitting a string of terror offenses .  `` their actions could have resulted in serious casualties or fatalities , '' an official says .  the men were based in three cities : london , stoke-on-trent and cardiff .  they were arrested after a huge covert operation in 2010 , police sai .
 snooki gives birth to baby no . 2 <sec> snooki now has a daughter .  giovanna marie lavalle weighed 6.7 pounds .  snooki and fiancã©e jionni lavalle already have a so .
 opinion : alaska 's salmon , more precious than gold <sec> paul begala says alaska boasts a pristine salmon fishing region .  he says bristol bay is threatened by proposal to build big mine for copper , gold .  begala says epa found it would threaten streams and wetlands .  he urges epa to use its authority to block the plan for the min .
 syrian activists are heckling isis online <sec> syrian activists are taking the fight to isis over social media .  they hope to counter the terror group 's online propaganda .  the online taunting has caught the attention of isis ' central comman .
 ibrahimovic rescues draw for barcelona <sec> barcelona fight back to earn a 1-1 champions league draw in stuttgart .  zlatan ibrahimovic levels for the holders after cacau put the bundesliga side ahead .  bordeaux secure a narrow 1-0 win in athens against olympiacos in the other last 16 matc .
 'dragon tattoo ' screenwriter on changing the story <sec> fincher 's adaptation made a few changes to larsson 's original novel .  fincher estimates that about 350 pages had to go in order to cut the story down .  one of the few subplots to get dropped entirely was blomkvist 's romantic liaison with cecilia vange .
 the new obama has his heart on his sleeve <sec> obama -- known in his first term for his cool , detached style -- has been seen crying .  the president 's biographer attributes the shift to a new sense of freedom .  in an emotional gun-control plea in his state of the union , the chamber rose to its feet .  obama : `` the one thing about being president is after four years , you get pretty humble .
 ex-miss california usa : pageant director never supported me <sec> carrie prejean says she learned she lost miss california usa crown from media .  prejean : pageant director asked me to make `` inappropriate appearances '' .  pageant officials say prejean 's firing due to `` contract violations '' .  prejean 's response to question on same-sex marriage raised eyebrow .
 how to design a yacht fit for a queen <sec> a uk politician has suggested the queen should be given a new yacht to mark this year 's diamond jubilee .  cnn asked some yacht designers what they would do if they received the commission .  timeless , captivating and cost-savvy designs have been suggeste .
