 reporter , fired for stripping , charges gender discrimination <sec> woman wants investigation of newspaper 's firing of her for not disclosing she stripped .  `` i was doing a good job '' at the houston chronicle , sarah tressler says .  a rival newspaper revealed the background of the high society reporter .  firing someone for being an exotic dancer is gender discrimination , lawyer say .
 work/life balance an impossible dream ? <sec> google cfo patrick pichette 's memo announcing his resignation in order to seek work/life balance went viral .  peggy drexler : most americans who want to find work/life balance do n't have the luxury to just quit their job .
 feds urge caution after seizure of indian artifacts <sec> federal investigators are urging collectors and museums in the united states .  a new york dealer was accused this week of stealing $ 20 million worth artifacts from india .  the items are believed to have been looted from temples in the tamil nadu region of indi .
 british hacking scandal could gain u.s. legal scrutiny <sec> the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act prohibits bribing foreign officials .  a second portion of the law applies to accounting requirements .  `` there does seem to be a basis for a u.s. investigation , '' says a business law professo .
 ebola makes stigmatized , abandoned orphans <sec> relatives wo n't take in children made orphans by ebola .  a local pastor wants to see this change ; he practices what he preaches .  unicef : thousands of children in west africa have lost one or both parents to ebola .  ebola survivors , considered immune to the disease , are being trained to treat childre .
 sony 's google tv-powered devices have arrived <sec> sony 's new internet hdtvs sport 1080p edge-lit led screens .  the tvs come with four usb ports , four hdmi inputs and wi-fi capabilities .  web surfing is powered by google chrome and apps are powered by android o .
 can this brain-sensing headband give you serenity ? <sec> ariel garten 's high-tech headband monitors brain activity .  called 'muse , ' the device transmits information to your computer .  can pour beer , control music volume , turn on lights just by thinking .  by tracking brain waves , could help users reduce stres .
 turkey hardens military position after syria downs jet <sec> turkey will consider any military approach from syria a potential threat , its pm says .  turkish-syrian ties have deteriorated during the uprising .  the countries had sharp tensions in the 1990s over kurdish militancy .  nato condemns the shooting down of the plane , but does not ac .
 hundreds mourn slain ohio student <sec> new : 16-year-old daniel parmertor is remembered as sweet , a good person .  funeral services for him were held on saturday .  mourners carried american flags and signs with hearts .  a gunman opened fire on students this week in chardon high school 's cafeteri .
 immigration reform taking center stage in texas <sec> president obama will discuss the need for immigration reform tuesday in el paso .  republican leaders have opposed reform without tighter border controls .  immigration reform is believed to have little chance of clearing the gop-controlled house .  both democrats and republicans view immigration as a potent political issu .
 congolese : returning home and building a dream <sec> kinshasa , the capital of the democratic of congo , is experiencing a construction boom .  many congolese are returning from abroad to build businesses at home .  local entrepreneurs say their hard work is starting to pay of .
 a snowy nightmare : getting your family when no one else will <sec> rick martin is both father and cnn journalist .  he was frustrated when his wife and daughters were trapped in snow-bound traffic .  using journalist training and inspiration from heroe , he took to the roads to rescue famil .
 ferguson on edge as ruling in michael brown case looms <sec> despite 10 weeks of unrest , tuesday protests peaceful ; no arrests reported , police say .  still , city remains tense as possibility looms of grand jury not indicting darren wilson .  residents , ex-law enforcement : leaks in case harbinger calculated effort to prepare city .  residents : if there 's no indictment , protests thus far will pale compared to what 's comin .
 are apple 's innovations inside us now ? <sec> douglas rushkoff : smartphone patent wars seem about human behavior , not just phones .  he says apple defending its home button makes sense ; it 's so distinctive .  but things like pinch and zoom technology may have made leap into collective consciousness .  rushkoff : when apple 's innovations become our learned behavior , they 're fair gam .
 police recover knife after ucla stabbing <sec> police have not released name of woman student stabbed in chemistry lab .  another ucla student has been arrested in the case , is held on $ 1 million bond .  victim 's family says she is recovering , `` showing signs of improvement .
 ruling increases odds for online gambling legalization <sec> the act 's prohibition of wagers via telecommunications refers to bets on a `` sporting event or contest '' .  the wire act refers to bets on an event , poker would be except because poker is itself the event .  the department of justice has aggressively enforced the ban on online poke .
 7 die in pennsylvania house fire <sec> death of 2-year-old brings toll to 7 in fourth of july fire .  six members of one family died , as well as the owner of the house .  investigators rule the fire accidental , blame grease left on stove .  fourteen people lived in the three-story home , fire official say .
 senate candidates want to give 'aqua buddha ' a rest in kentucky <sec> new : rand paul says he 'll take part in a monday night debate that he 'd threatened to pull out of .  jack conway 's ad accuses paul of once belonging to a group that mocked religion .  paul says that conway should be ashamed and that he 's never been un-christian .  conway says he 'll run more issue-oriented spots but defends the `` aqua buddha '' a .
 the iphone is ruining my long-distance relationship <sec> the iphone is notorious for dropping calls and having terrible reception .  technical difficulties have caused arguments and added to already tense moments .  at & t has introduced a reception tower to place in your home or offic .
 cops bust upscale prostitution ring <sec> alleged ringleader dubbed `` heidi fleiss of houston '' .  investigators say women met clients in upscale hotels , charged about $ 350 an hour .  police scour computer files and credit card records to verify a large client lis .
 social security increase should be bigger <sec> social security recipients will get a 3.6 % cost-of-living-adjustment in 2012 .  monique morrissey says it 's overdue ; others say it 's too generous during these hard times .  she says cola is based on inflation index for workers and does n't show seniors ' cost of living .  morrissey : calls to reduce cola bad idea ; polls show americans support increase , not decreas .
 eliot spitzer speaks on 'client 9 ' <sec> eliot spitzer agreed to participate in `` client no . .  9 : the rise and fall of eliot spitzer '' .  there were no rules going in regarding topics off limits , he says .  spitzer says he believes the documentary is a `` fair story .
 police launch hunt for 'racist ' chelsea fan <sec> police launch investigation into allegations of `` racist gesture '' by chelsea supporter .  supporter photographed in british national newspaper making alleged gesture .  manchester united striker danny welbeck appeared to be the target of alleged abuse .  chelsea promise to `` take the strongest possible action , including criminal prosecution .
 india 's ex-telecom minister gets bail in scandal case <sec> ex-telecom minister andhimuthu raja was jailed in 2011 .  police charged 17 defendants , including three firms , in the case .  suspects accused of underselling telecom radiowaves .  raja is the last defendant out on bai .
 arrests made in northern ireland after 4th night of unrest <sec> five people were arrested after a fourth night of violence in belfast .  those arrested are all in their teens or early 20s .  protesters threw petrol bombs and fireworks at police .  police are appealing for more community help to deal with the unres .
 sochi 2014 : final verdict on russia 's winter games <sec> sochi 2014 came to a spectacular close with sunday 's closing ceremony .  a winter games record of 98 medal events were held in russia .  a reported $ 50 billion was spent in the hosting of russia 's first winter olympic .
 cnn student news - november 11 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 doomed mexican plane was too close to jet , official says <sec> lear jet was too close behind boeing 767 , transportation secretary says .  pilots were unable to regain control after hitting turbulence .  investigators found no alcohol or drugs in pilots , no explosives or sabotage .  crash killed 14 people , including nation 's interior secretar .
 that was a close one ! study : massive solar storm barely missed us in 2012 <sec> study : a coronal mass ejection crossed earth 's orbit on july 23 , 2012 .  gps , the internet and electrical systems all could have been severely damaged .  damage could have been in the trillions , and national security threatened .  intense solar storms are possible at any time , study 's author say .
 review : 'jennifer 's body ' is a winner <sec> `` jennifer 's body '' is a horror winner with doses of comedy , says tom charity .  film stars megan fox as a cheerleader who turns demonic .  amanda seyfried , playing fox 's friend , provides movie 's standout performance .  `` jennifer 's body '' was written by `` juno 's '' diablo cod .
 nadal reaches last 16 in miami ; murray gets walkover <sec> second seed rafael nadal through to the fourth round of miami masters .  the three-time runner-up at the u.s. hard-court event beat czech radek stepanek .  no . .  4 andy murray handed a walkover after opponent milos raonic had to withdraw .  murray handed a walkover after opponent milos raonic had to withdraw through injur .
 opinion : putin a hypocrite with blood on his hands <sec> frida ghitis : in op-ed , putin poses as champion of peace and chastises u.s. on syria .  on contrary , russia sold arms to al-assad regime , which has killed tens of thousands , she says .  she says he touts diplomacy , yet russia , china subverted peace efforts on u.n. security council .  ghitis : putin wants to raise stock ( not peace ) in world and keep russian foothold in mideas .
 physical chess : squash gladiator nicol david stays one move ahead <sec> nicol david has dominated women 's squash since 2005 .  the 29-year-old malaysian is a seven-time world champion .  squash is one of the most demanding sports in the world .  it is bidding for olympic recognition for 2020 game .
 bangkok protesters refuse to disperse <sec> up to 50,000 protesters occupy commercial heart of the thai capital .  opposition `` red shirts '' demand that pm abhisit dissolve parliament soon .  supporters of thaksin shinawatra say they will continue until demands are me .
 apps for ipad 3 : what apple should demo at the grand unveiling <sec> the ipad 3 is expected to feature a high-definition , 2048 x 1536 retina display .  the new ipad is very likely to sport either a dual-core or quad-core a6 processor .  if the ipad gets a new hd display , an update of imovie and digital textbooks seem inevitabl .
 dj rocks despite hearing loss <sec> robbie wilde lost his hearing due to ear infections as a child .  he refused to go to a special school , learning to read lips instead .  a friend 's brother introduced him to the turntables .  wilde has performed at the sundance film festival and other event .
 aqap : how will france respond to charlie hebdo attack ? <sec> france 's response to charlie hebdo attack colored by many factors .  cleric anwar al-awlaki masterminded rampage , terror leader says .  france moves in the direction of military force against terrorism , expert say .
 ten people injured in new jersey bus crash <sec> at least 10 people were injured in crash of a private bus in new jersey .  accident comes one week after transportation officials shut down 52 bus companies .  bus line in thursday incident has not been cited for any violation .
 'duck dynasty ' star stands by beliefs as season ends <sec> willie robertson told cnn 's `` new day '' he believes the bible .  his wife says her father-in-law `` is about god 's love '' .  the pair say they would be fine if their show ende .
 fraternity 's house mom sings n-word <sec> `` i am heartbroken by the portrayal that i am in some way racist , '' says beauton gilbow .  she says she was singing along to a song but understands how the video must appea .
 prosecutors say terrorism suspect waived right to counsel <sec> suspect has given fbi `` very detailed information '' about activities , officials say .  bosnian-american pleaded not guilty to conspiracy to commit murder .  authorities say he is associate of terrorism suspect najibullah zazi .  lawyer has claimed client was `` intentionally and improperly hidden .
 bayern 's super mario sees off hertha berlin <sec> bayern munich stay top of bundesliga with 3-2 win over hertha berlin .  borussia dortmund maintain pressure on leaders with 3-1 win at local rivals schalke .  inter milan move up to fourth after a 4-2 win against hellas verona in serie .
 hamilton heads mclaren 1-2 after red bull pair collide in turkey <sec> lewis hamilton and jenson button score mclaren 1-2 in turkish grand prix .  britons take advantage of collision between red bull duo mark webber and sebastian vettel .  webber , who finishes third , maintains lead in title race from button and hamilto .
 south africa 's oscar pistorius to face 2 gun charges at murder trial <sec> oscar pistorius will face two gun-related charges alongside a murder charge , prosecutors say .  he 's due to go on trial in march for the murder of his girlfriend , reeva steenkamp .  the athlete already faced the gun charges , but they have now been moved to the same court .  pistorius admits shooting steenkamp in his home but says it was an acciden .
 5 ways to have a healthy halloween <sec> eat before trick or treating to limit snacking .  skinnier glasses give you the illusion of drinking more alcohol .  scientists find millions of germs on halloween mask .
 lieberman : mccain can reunite our country <sec> sen. joe lieberman was democrats ' vice presidential nominee in 2000 .  lieberman broke with democrats and became an independent .  mccain picked up endorsements from the des moines register , the boston globe .  mccain tied for second among gop candidates in new hampshir .
 2 u.s. swine flu dead had other health problems , officials say <sec> pre-existing conditions contributed to deaths of u.s. victims , officials say .  cdc report summarizes 642 confirmed cases of h1n1 infection .  most hospitalized patients have recovered , report says .  brazil reports four cases of h1n .
 keep affirmative action but reform it <sec> supreme court is taking up affirmative action in fisher v. university of texas .  richard sander , stuart taylor : large racial preferences can hurt minority students .  they say the court will probably not abolish affirmative action in the case .  writers : reforming affirmative action policies can improve diversity goal .
 'weather 's nice , wish you were here . ' is the postcard passé ? <sec> `` cnn business traveller '' wants to know if you still send postcards .  or is it just easier and faster to send and email or write a blog entry ? .  leave a comment to tell us what you think , and we will publish the bes .
 opinion : nationalists should not be ignored <sec> despite the success of the no vote in scotland , the genie of nationalism is now out of the bottle , writes michael desch .  victors should keep in mind that nationalism often flourishes in defeat , he says .  desch : there are plenty of nations-without-states who watched events in scotland .  the challenge for countries is to respond to demands for greater autonomy , he say .
 despite abuses , foreign domestic workers still flock to hong kong <sec> couple sentenced to jail over abuse highlights tough environment for domestic helpers in hk .  despite abuses many foreign domestic helpers prefer hong kong to other work destinations .  rights group says requirements that domestic helpers live with employers should be scrapped .  study : as many as a third of domestic helpers in hong kong do not have proper living space .
 12 die in building explosion in argentina ; authorities suspect gas <sec> leaking gas is likely to blame , authorities say .  a man working at the site in rosario before the blast ignited is taken into custody .  a swath of white smoke hangs over the city , located about 200 miles from buenos aires .  rescuers are searching for over a dozen missing people , local newspaper clarin report .
 avalanche buries , kills snowmobile driver in montana <sec> authorities say the victim was in a group of three snowmobile drivers .  the others suffered minor injuries .  gallatin county was under an avalanche warning after snow , rai .
 madonna 's adoption rejected by malawian judge <sec> official : the decision came down to residency requirement .  critics say pop star is taking advantage of `` archaic adoption laws '' .  most malawians , however , back madonna and want her to have the baby .  madonna has three children already , include a boy she adopted from malawi in 200 .
 beyonce 's secret album set to debut at no . 1 <sec> more than 800,000 downloads of `` beyonce '' sold on itunes in first three days .  the album was just released on itunes with no fanfare or marketing push .  the artist is being credited with changing the music game .  singer could easily have the full machine of a record label backing her if she wanted i .
 faa suspends furloughs , typo or not <sec> obama ca n't sign the bill until a missing `` s '' is fixed .  controller staffing shortages began this week , affecting airline flights .  the bipartisan senate plan would give transportation planners new budget flexibilit .
 after eric garner : what 's point of police body cameras ? <sec> missouri senator , president barack obama lead calls for police body cameras .  death of eric garner , caught on video , raised question : what 's the point ? .  grand jury declined to indict officer daniel pantaleo in garner 's death .  other incidents of alleged excessive force caught on tape produced mixed result .
 toronto mayor rob ford admits 'mistakes , ' wo n't resign <sec> ford says his apology covers `` a lot of stupid things '' but provides few details .  caller urges him to take medical leave : `` your family deserves better '' .  police say they have video of toronto mayor `` consistent with '' reports of him smoking a crack pipe .  ford calls for the video to be released and says he wo n't resig .
 driverless van crosses from europe to asia <sec> van arrives at the shanghai world expo on thursday .  the van left italy in july , with two engineers aboard to prevent dangerous situations .  it traveled through eastern europe , russia and kazakhstan .  the van then went through the gobi desert and along the great wal .
 air passengers face '14,000 hours ' of strike delays <sec> airlines across europe report disruptions to schedules as european air traffic controllers strike .  ryanair urges european union officials to ban controllers from taking industrial action .  airlines advise passengers to check status of their flight in advance of trave .
 major archaeological find at site of civil war prison <sec> new : research will expand knowledge of prisoners ' daily life .  open house will follow wednesday 's formal announcement .  major archaeological find at site of civil war prison camp .  learn more from the virginia historical societ .
 family of slain pakistani politician feels for giffords <sec> taseer and giffords were both gunned down .  taseer died while giffords clings to life .  daughter says father 's killing was message to liberals to keep quie .
 50-year-old barbie , based on 'gag toy for men ' <sec> barbie , originally based on a 'sexually-themed gag toy for men , ' celebrates 50 years .  90 percent of american girls , ages 3 to 10 , own at least one , mattel toy company says .  doll inspires with 108 careers and fosters 8 million collectors worldwide .  one woman in london , england , had cosmetic surgery to look like barbi .
 as china 's rich grow in numbers , so do their mobile aspirations <sec> nearly half of china 's super rich are thinking of emigrating overseas .  china 's new rich are typically cosmopolitan and tech-savvy .  some emigrants intend to operate their own businesses in the u.s .
