 state news : china 's bo xilai indicted for corruption , abuse of power <sec> former chongqing party chief indicted for bribery , corruption and abuse of power .  64 year old bo xilai has been in detention since april 2012 .  last year his wife was jailed for the murder of a british businessman .  bo 's deputy , wang lijun , admitted helping cover up for his wife before trying to defec .
 making digital-quality images with nothing but markers <sec> the human printer recreates digital prints by hand using fine tip markers .  stinsensqueeze , the design duo behind the project , mimics cmyk color processes .  the project is meant to highlight the relationship between humans and technology .  making a letter size image this way could take up to 10 hour .
 beckham says england have momentum ahead of world cup vote <sec> david beckham gives upbeat assessment of england 's 2018 world cup chances .  beckham tells cnn that momentum is behind their bid ahead of thursday 's vote .  beckham helped london win the 2012 summer olympic .
 coroner : jackson 's autopsy will be withheld <sec> lapd to coroner : do n't issue jackson report ; investigation continues .  jackson 's three children will get their own lawyer to protect their interests .  katherine jackson was appointed last week as the guardian for the childre .
 thomas menino , boston 's longest-serving mayor , dies <sec> thomas menino , 71 , dies after battling an advanced form of cancer .  he retired this year as the longest-serving mayor in boston history .  cardinal-archbishop sean o'malley : menino `` placed family , faith and public service above all .
 injured valencia could return in february <sec> manchester united 's antonio valencia is expected to be out of action until february .  valencia suffered a broken ankle in tuesday 's champions leagu game against rangers .  manager alex ferguson said : `` he 's a strong boy and he is very positive about it . .
 kiss and def leppard chart summer tour <sec> beginning in late june , kiss and def leppard will tour the u.s . .  tickets for the concerts go on sale march 21 and march 22 .  kiss ' paul stanley said the pairing seemed to be `` a natural fit .
 stolen secret service metal detectors recovered , source says <sec> new : metal detectors were found in an abandoned house , inside truck , source says .  new : authorities want to question a man seen on surveillance video .  the rental truck was stolen from a detroit hotel , found near hospital .  vice president joe biden spoke at union rall .
 uk defense ministry loses legal challenge over iraq deaths <sec> the uk ministry of defence loses a supreme court challenge .  the ruling means the families of three soldiers killed in iraq can sue for negligence .  the claimants say the ministry of defence failed to adequately equip and train soldiers .  defense secretary says he is concerned the judgment could lead to more litigatio .
 'hell on earth , ' california killer 's family says <sec> new : firearms shop manager recalls talking to rodger when he bought a gun .  new : `` it 's no different than the guy that sold him the knife that he used , '' manager says .  elliot rodger 's family released a statement thursday .  rodger fatally stabbed three and shot three others frida .
 woman sought in las vegas strip shooting <sec> police say they want to talk to tineesha lashun howard , aka yenesis alfonso .  she was inside a black range rover at the time shots were fired , they say .  the fatal shooting and crash left three people dea .
 manhunt for french gangster who used gun , explosives to escape prison <sec> redoine faid was a wanted criminal in the '90s known for attacking armored trucks .  he spent more than 10 years in prison , insisted he 'd changed , then was arrested again .  faid held guards at gunpoint and used explosives to burst through a prison 's doors .  law enforcement in france and elsewhere in europe are now hunting for hi .
 f1 : mark webber beats sebastian vettel to pole in abu dhabi <sec> mark webber claims his second pole position this season in abu dhabi on saturday .  australian driver heads off red bull teammate sebastian vettel in qualifying .  mercedes ' nico rosberg and lewis hamilton will be on second row for sunday 's race .  ferrari 's fernando alonso misses out on q3 for the first time this seaso .
 netflix : stay tuned for more 'arrested development ' <sec> netflix content chief : more `` arrested development '' planned .  `` it 's just a matter of when , '' he tells usa today .  service is being aggressive with new serie .
 hamas militant killed in syria <sec> kamal hosni ghanaja was a former deputy of a top hamas figure .  hamas senior leaders have departed syria because of the uprising there .  a syrian opposition group says the shabiha tortured ghanaja .  ehud barak says it is `` possible that not only israel '' was on the lookout for ghanaj .
 explicit photo is latest twist in weiner scandal <sec> the photo is tweeted by a satellite radio host .  a conservative blogger claims it shows rep. weiner 's genitals .  weiner has acknowledged an x-rated photo exist .
 other outspoken russian oligarchs have fared poorly <sec> mikhail khodorkovsky 's jailing `` served as an example , '' professor says .  mikhail prokhorov would not run without kremlin 's support , professor says .  vladimir gusinksy and boris berezovsky fled the countr .
 u.s. medical 'trash ' saving lives abroad <sec> third world hospitals are saving lives with discarded medical materials from the u.s . .  these supplies are clean , safe and unused but are thrown out for various reasons .  by salvaging surplus supplies , nonprofits are also reducing waste in americ .
 tacloban : after typhoon haiyan and six months later <sec> scroll the slider above to see tacloban after the storm that struck on november 8 , 2013 and six months later .  the stadium was one of just a handful of structures in tacloban to withstand the storm .  cnn revisited the city in may 201 .
 red bull fined after cameraman hit by tire <sec> red bull team principal reiterates dangers of f1 after cameraman injured .  a loose wheel struck paul allen and broke his collarbone at sunday 's german grand prix .  the incident occured after a pit stop by mark webber during the ninth lap .  red bull 's sebastian vettel took the checkered flag at his home grand pri .
 alexis sanchez agrees to join arsenal from barcelona <sec> chilean forward alexis sanchez agrees to join arsenal from barcelona .  the transfer fee was n't disclosed but it 's reportedly around $ 50 milllion .  arsenal manager arsene wenger calls sanchez a `` fantastic '' footballer .  the gunners have n't won the premier league title since the 2003/2004 seaso .
 south korea warns of 'firm ' response to future attacks <sec> new : lee condemns last week 's shelling as an `` inhuman crime '' .  new : `` we can not stay patient and be generous '' .  south korea will consider a chinese call for emergency talks .  north korea calls the military exercises a pretext for war and aggressio .
 obama outlines final health care plan , urges congress to act <sec> new : `` now is the time to make a decision '' about health care reform , president says .  new : obama backs reconciliation , controversial tactic that requires only 51 votes .  but gop says reconciliation never meant to be used for such a major policy change .  top gop leaders have reiterated calls for president to scrap his plan , start ove .
 philippines interior secretary missing in plane crash <sec> a small plane crashed in masbate bay in the philippines .  the country 's interior secretary was onboard .  he and the two pilots are missing .  his aide has been rescue .
 hotel maid goes public with allegations against ex-imf chief <sec> new : the da declines to comment ; the next ny court date is august 1 .  nafissatou diallo conducts interviews with newsweek and abc news .  strauss-kahn 's lawyer claim these are all part of a bid to get a settlement .  the accuser 's attorney says the defense has conducted a `` smear campaign .
 southwest aircraft hits parked jetblue plane at boston airport <sec> a southwest airlines plane was being pushed back from a gate .  that plane struck a parked jetblue aircraft at another gate .  there were no reports of any injuries from either of the aircrafts .  the faa says the incident is under investigatio .
 does royal gender slip give palace the baby blues ? <sec> as british royals rarely speak to the media , reporters rely on other sources , says max foster .  top of the current list of questions is if duchess is having a boy or a girl .  the duchess of cambridge 's 'slip ' prompts speculation royal baby is a girl .  another report claims duchess hinted she 's having a bo .
 number of dubai killing suspects at 27 <sec> 27th person added to list of suspects in killing of hamas leader in dubai hotel .  dubai police chief `` 100 percent '' sure israeli intel unit is behind hamas slaying .  israel says only media reports link it to killing and there 's no reason to blame mossad .  sources : two of the suspects ultimately entered the united states after deat .
 commentary : government should n't decide executive pay <sec> carly fiorina : it 's understandable that people are outraged at wall st. pay .  fiorina says government should n't set limits on executive compensation .  she says all aspects of pay and perks should be disclosed .  fiorina : shareholders , including government , should vote on pay package .
 from dinks to polyamory , the guide to how people spend valentine 's day <sec> what couples do on valentine 's day depends on the stage of the relationship .  for new couples , it 's a good opportunity to set the record straight for expectations .  valentine 's day can be an opportunity to reclaim life as a coupl .
 fernandez-castano in confident mood ahead of woods showdown <sec> gonzalo fernandez-castano believes he can beat tiger woods in world match play .  the spanish world no.48 takes on woods in the first round of the arizona tournament .  sixty-four of the world 's top 68 players are in action in the wgc event at dove mountain .  holder luke donald could lose his no.1 ranking if lee westwood or rory mcilroy win .
 clooney , ronaldo may be called in berlusconi trial <sec> new : berlusconi 's lawyer complains about the number of trials the ex-pm has to attend .  prosecutors allege berlusconi paid for sex repeatedly with an underage prostitute .  they say he tried to pull strings to get her out of jail .  berlusconi resigned earlier this mont .
 china rebukes israel ahead of netanyahu visit <sec> israel pm benjamin netanyahu is in china for a five-day visit .  china : `` the sovereignty of any country should be respected '' .  netanyahu 's visit coincides with arrival of his palestinian counterpart , mahmoud abbas .  two mideast leaders not likely to meet , israeli spokesman say .
 accreditation aims to erase fear in muslim charitable giving <sec> u.s. government started cracking down on muslim charities after 9/11 attacks .  donation checks to shelters , community centers started to dry up .  charities hope accreditation will overcome perceptions of wrongdoin .
 chris christie plan , new low for obama and netanyahu ? - cnnpolitics.com <sec> netanyahu plans trip to washington , but questions linger over whether obama will meet with him .  hillary clinton expected to embrace role as potential first female president .  a bad week for chris christie , but whispers say he 's planning a comebac .
 theater shooting unfolds in real time on social media <sec> shooting at a movie theater in aurora , colorado , leaves 12 dead .  eyewitness reports unfold online in real time .  people also turn to the internet on friday to grieve for victims .  the event highlights a shift in the way society gathers and processes new .
 greedy geezers ? that 's a myth <sec> amitai etzioni : the idea is growing that the old get all the benefits while young suffer .  but retirees have earned and saved more over the years and should live in comfort , he says .  curbing costs of health care would curb medicare ; he writes : social security can pay for itself .  etzioni : in terms of private money , older people give trillions of dollars to the young in gift .
 undercover journalists trawl manila 's seedy red light district <sec> in manila 's unofficial red light district , scantily-clad young girls are everywhere .  cnn undercover reporters asked to choose from a line up of girls .  police and anti-traffickers say sex industry is major destination for trafficked girls .  some estimates say up to 100,000 children are trafficked into the philippines ' sex trad .
 scientists : humans and machines will merge in future <sec> nick bostrom says technology will let humans manipulate their own biology .  ray kurzweil predicts humans will be mostly non-biological by around 2030 .  biotechnology , nanotechnology , robotics could merge mankind with machine .
 rivals reunited : kvitova faces sharapova rematch in melbourne semifinals <sec> the 2011 wimbledon finalists petra kvitova and maria sharapova will meet again .  world no . .  2 kvitova and no . .  4 sharapova won their australian open quarterfinals .  czech kvitova beat italy 's sara errani , while sharapova defeated ekaterina makarova .  kvitova has won two of their three meetings , including the wimbledon fina .
 clinton : u.s. can do more to help mexico fight drug cartels <sec> clinton speaks at a club in san francisco .  she compares drug cartels in mexico to terror groups .  remarks come the same week she talked about the falcon lake cas .
 800 texts in one week ? diaries of 3 smartphone addicts <sec> cnn asked people to document everything they do on their smartphones in a week .  the idea is to demonstrate how much of our lives are conducted through little glowing screens .  one virginia man sent 423 texts and 228 twitter messages from his phone that week .  kentucky man is `` stunned by just how integrated my phone has become in my life .
 goal-line technology approved in soccer <sec> goal-line technology approved for use in football on thursday .  global governing body fifa and ifab unanimously agree on decision .  fifa intends for goal-line technology to be used at december 's club world cup .  two systems , hawk-eye and goalref , approved by soccer 's lawmaker .
 raid against haqqani stronghold leaves 50 dead in afghanistan <sec> a coalition operation against militants leaves at least 50 insurgents dead .  the encampment was considered a staging ground for haqqani and foreign fighters .  the haqqani network is an insurgent group loosely affiliated with the taliban .  they are believed to be based in pakistan 's lawless frontier territorie .
 pentagon : more sexual assault cases reported - cnnpolitics.com <sec> a pentagon report says sexual assaults are decreasing and more victims are coming forward .  the report says 4.3 percent of active duty women report being the victims of unwanted sexual contact in the last year .  now 1-in-4 are reporting those assaults , up from just 1-in-10 in 201 .
 actress in anti-islamic film files lawsuit against filmmaker and youtube <sec> actress cindy lee garcia appears in `` innocence of muslims '' .  the anti-islam film ignited a firestorm , and garcia says she has received death threats .  garcia is suing the film 's producer , saying she was lied to about the film 's intent .  `` i had no idea he was doing all this , '' garcia tells cn .
 dolce & gabbana celebrates motherhood in milan <sec> dolce & gabbana dedicated their fall fashion show to moms .  some of the models carried their own babies down the runwa .
 benjamin grosvenor : inside the mind of a piano prodigy <sec> benjamin grosvener is regarded as one of the finest concert pianists working today .  grosvenor hit the headlines at the age of 11 ; now 20 , he plays sell-out concerts globally .  originally spurred on to practice by competition with friends , he now plays for love of music .  despite his success he still gets stage fright and wonders if he 's chosen the right caree .
 the sound of music -- on skis <sec> u.s. women 's ski team has strong prospects for season ahead .  mikaela shiffrin and julia mancuso medalled at 2014 sochi olympics .  preparing for 2015 world championships in colorado .  team members enjoy musical interludes off the slope .
 corruption trial begins for six former city council members in california <sec> new : `` all we 're waiting for now is justice for our residents , '' current mayor says .  new : council members now receive only $ 673 a month , not $ 100k a year as before , he says .  six former council members in bell , california , pleaded not guilty in corruption case .  they are accused of getting big salaries for no work and misappropriating $ 1.2 millio .
 sam mendes wo n't direct next james bond movie <sec> sam mendes wo n't be returning for bond 's next go-round .  mendes ' rep confirmed that he wo n't direct james bond 's 24th adventure . .  while mendes said he wo n't be directing 007′s next picture , he did n't rule out a return later o .
 white house office wins ruling on e-mail records <sec> office of administration not subject to the freedom of information act , judge rules .  watchdog group wants records possibly related to millions of missing e-mail .  some white house e-mails missing from period when cia operative 's identity leake .
 colombian president calls for french journalist 's release <sec> officials say romeo langlois has been missing since an april 28 rebel attack .  colombia 's president calls on rebels to free the reporter `` and simply tell us where he is '' .  several statements surface online discussing his capture , purportedly from the rebels .  reporters without borders says it is `` cautiously confident that he will be freed very soon .
 covert peepers try to skirt hong kong police <sec> sexual predators are using technology to become more creative in their criminal activity .  in the first half of 2011 , 38 people were arrested for `` up-skirt '' photos on the mtr .  in response , many cities have train compartments reserved for female passengers onl .
 air traffic glitch ? do n't panic ( opinion ) <sec> air traffic control system for london airspace has technical failure friday .  les abend : malfunction was inconvenient , not dangerous .  abend : global air traffic control system has become computer dependen .
 foreign-owned bud a wound to americana <sec> songwriter could n't finish his bud light when he heard the news .  college student says he felt proud to drink bud .  outrage over bud sale will soon fade , beer expert predicts .  americans increasingly turning to microbrews , expert say .
 israeli police look at whether slaying of american was 'nationalistic ' <sec> new : police confirm they are focusing on whether the attack was `` nationalistic '' .  new : the term is used when victims are targeted based on their arab or israeli background .  kristine luken was hiking with a friend and colleague from a christian ministry .  luken 's friend survived the attack and summoned hel .
 'human slingshot ' helps bride in bouquet toss <sec> newlyweds chose a `` human slingshot '' to make their wedding day memorable .  bride natasha johnson threw her bouquet while in the sling , groom jacob threw the garter .  the couple says the video has garnered international attentio .
 for nelson mandela , sports were major weapon against racism <sec> as a youth , mandela was a boxer and long-distance runner .  as president of south africa , he helped bring world attention to his country through sports .  `` sport has the power to change the world , '' mandela said .  mandela was a major factor in south africa hosting the 2010 world cup final .
 hamilton dominates hungary practice as schumacher spins off in wet <sec> lewis hamilton fastest in both opening practice sessions for hungary gp .  rain hits afternoon session as hamilton dominates in mclaren .  seven-time champion michael schumacher crashes in second session .  fernando alonso leads title race going into the mid season brea .
 bomb wounds french peacekeepers in lebanon <sec> new : the blast is condemned by france , lebanese officials and hezbollah .  the injuries suffered by the soldiers are light .  this is one of several attacks on u.n. peacekeepers in lebanon this year .  the five wounded troops are frenc .
 immigration rally draws thousands to washington <sec> demonstrators call for overhaul of u.s. immigration laws .  push comes four years after failed effort at reform .  two senators recently proposed new plan , calling for `` tough but fair '' path to legalization .  president has called on congress to act on plan `` at earliest possible opportunity .
 wrigley field still 'home ' 100 years later <sec> chicago 's wrigley field turns 100 this year .  it 's the second oldest ballpark after boston 's fenway .  cnn readers shared their wrigley memories on ireport .  what 's the secret to the park 's longevity ? .  read on .
 nazi sign stolen from auschwitz gates <sec> police are searching for a sign that was stolen from auschwitz .  the sign read `` work sets you free '' or `` albeit macht frei '' .  police believe this was a planned theft that required several peopl .
