 mcconnell 'may ' hold obamacare repeal vote <sec> senate gop leader mitch mcconnell says he `` may '' hold an obamacare repeal vote .  but mcconnell campaigned on repealing the law `` root and branch '' in order to win re-election .  he says the law will more likely be undermined by an upcoming supreme court decisio .
 super bowl ad revives iconic american voice <sec> bob greene : americans of all political stripes listened to paul harvey 's radio stories .  greene : harvey 's 1978 `` so god made a farmer '' speech was used on dodge truck ad .  harvey wrote his stories on old typewriter and treasured writing and radio , greene says .  greene : even in times of cynicism and upheaval , he spoke from the hear .
 uae sheikh acquitted in taped beating <sec> sheikh acquitted sunday of charges linked to videotaped torture of afghan grain dealer .  sheikh issa bin zayed al-nahyan , is a member of the emirates ' ruling family , .  he was charged with rape , endangering life and causing bodily harm .  in evidence was 3-hour tape shot in 2004 of the alleged inciden .
 flaming lips , michael stipe , the roots and patti smith rock for tibet <sec> this year marked the 61st anniversary of the 1950 chinese invasion of tibet .  the benefit in its 21st year .  the roots were the first performers to bring the entire audience to their fee .
 india : dozens of police dead after maoist ambush <sec> 72 police officers killed in an attack by suspected maoists in eastern india .  police holding road inspection in chhattisgarh state 's dantewada district before assault .  india regards the communist rebels as its gravest internal security threat .  maoists have claimed since the 1960s to be fighting for the dispossesse .
 juventus reeling after `` strange '' defeat <sec> juventus stunned by 4-2 defeat at fiorentina .  u.s. born giuseppe rossi scores a hat trick .  serie a champions juventus slide to third in the table .  in ligue 1 , monaco draw 2-2 at sochau .
 bus company , driver sued in famu hazing death <sec> new : bus driver `` forced '' vomiting band member to go back on the bus , the suit alleges .  new : the bus company told drivers who 'd complained to ignore hazing , says the suit .  famu band member robert champion died after he was beaten on a bus in november .  his family 's attorney says the lawsuit is about getting answers , not mone .
 dine with sharks , drink wine in an ancient tree : 6 of africa 's most unusual eateries <sec> cnn 's african start-up looks at the continent 's most unusual restaurants .  durban 's cargo hold restaurant has tables next to a shark aquarium .  click through the gallery for a culinary experience less ordinar .
 meet the copyists recreating the louvre 's masterpieces <sec> who are the louvre 's copyists and why do they do it ? .  since 1700s , artists have copied the gallery 's masterpieces .  famous copyists included pablo picasso and paul cezanne .  today , just 150 copyists allowed , one year waiting lis .
 fema gives away $ 85 million of supplies for katrina victims <sec> bureau of prisons , postal service and other agencies get free katrina goods .  fema spokesman : giveaway is `` not news '' ; agency unaware people still need goods .  head of new orleans nonprofit says , `` these are the very things that we are seeking .
 champions league : chelsea and real madrid cruise through to quarterfinals <sec> chelsea cruises into last eight of champions league .  chelsea won 2-0 on the night , 3-1 on aggregate .  real madrid eases into quarterfinals .  cristiano ronaldo on target for real once agai .
 all-american opera singer finds south african soul <sec> american baritone thomas hampson travels to durban to create musical fusion .  during journey hampson teams up with south african singers ladysmith black mambazo .  the classically-trained opera singer delves deep into zulu heritage to find inspiratio .
 young amateur makes history at windswept british open <sec> thomas bjorn takes early clubhouse lead in first round of british open .  danish golfer , whose father died in may , cards five-under-par 65 in sandwich .  he is joined at the top by 20-year-old english amateur tom lewis as they lead by one .  u.s. open champion rory mcilroy battles back from bad start to card 7 .
 wake up : it 's not just akin <sec> lz granderson : todd akin 's `` rape '' comment offers glimpse into some conservatives ' views .  he says akin 's views politically embarrassing , but such views voiced by others in gop .  he says paul ryan 's name on anti-abortion bill making odd distinction about `` forcible rape '' .  granderson : you can expect a gop congress to move quickly to ban all abortion .
 sony addresses playstation 4 'blue light of death ' <sec> error affects a small fraction of playstation 4s , sony says .  sony offers troubleshooting guide for `` blinking blue light of death '' glitch .  company says it sold more than 1 million consoles in first 24 hour .
 palestinian negotiating team resigns <sec> `` no one is really concerned , '' says a senior u.s. administration official .  settlement plans rendered the talks `` irrelevant , '' says ashrawi .  move comes a day after israel cancels settlement plans .  `` netanyahu has a choice : settlements or peace , '' erakat say .
 jeff zucker named new president of cnn worldwide <sec> jeff zucker to become new head of cnn worldwide .  zucker is a news and programming veteran who rose to head of nbc universal .  while producer of nbc 's `` today '' show , helped make it no . .  1 .  zucker is `` passionate '' about journalis .
 mcdowell stuns neighbor woodland in 'brutal ' world match play <sec> graeme mcdowell records incredible comeback win over gary woodland .  former winners luke donald and ian poulter out of world match play event .  englishmen beaten by rickie fowler and matteo manassero respectively .  world no . .  2 rory mcilroy safely through as well as sweden 's henrik stenso .
 obama will 'do what 's necessary ' to fix economy , aide says <sec> new : bill richardson expected to become commerce secretary , sources say .  growing consensus : `` we 're going to have to do something big , '' axelrod says .  sources : larry summers to be named top obama economic adviser .  obama announces plans to create 2.5 million jobs by 201 .
 mia khalifa , lebanese porn star , gets death threats <sec> mia khalifa moved with her family from lebanon to the united states as a child .  `` we are probably paying the price of living away from our homeland , '' her family say .
 israeli minister says strikes on terrorists show 'we mean business ' <sec> ehud barak says israel will not leave last week 's terror attacks unpunished .  twenty-two palestinians have died in israeli air strikes since , palestinian medical sources say .  scores of rockets have been fired into israeli territory since last thursday .  barak says israel should consider an apology to turkey over last year 's flotilla clashe .
 parents honor dead son 's wish , wed at end of his funeral <sec> 7-year-old asa hill had asked his parents over and over to get married .  the boy died last week after being injured in traffic accident .  as parents dealt with his death , they decided to marry at the end of his funeral .  wedding came as a joyous surprise to mourners who filled the churc .
 maryland cop fatally shoots son as he 's allegedly stabbing mom <sec> new : dead are denise stirkens , 53 , and son , christopher stirkens , 25 , police say .  new : james stirkens , 58 , a patrol sergeant , is put on routine administrative leave .  an off-duty police officer shot and killed his son in the family home .  the son was allegedly stabbing his mother , who later died in the hospita .
 are the dark days returning to iraq ? <sec> monthly death toll has doubled in iraq ; now highest figure since end of war .  increasing toll is related to authoritarian streak of pm nuri al-maliki , says shashank joshi .  joshi : sectarian is closely linked to protests , concentrated in sunni-majority areas .  too early to talk about iraq 's break-up , he says , but there 's no obvious way out of violenc .
 rescue teams trying to reach plane crash in indonesian mountains <sec> the airplane carrying 14 people crashed in the mountains in north sumatra , an air official says .  the flight was bound for the aceh province when it crashed .  two children and two infants are among the passengers , the official says .  an aerial search spotted the plane , which appeared to be largely intac .
 quakes hit solomon islands for second straight day <sec> the solomon islands are struck by a 6.9-magnitude earthquake .  earthquakes rattled the same area the day before .  no tsunamis were expected , according to pacific tsunami warning center .  there were no reports of damage from tuesday 's quak .
 mandela 's grandson loses court fight over burial of icon 's children <sec> the court says mandela 's grandson must return family remains to qunu .  mandla mandela says he 'll abide by the ruling .  nelson mandela is ailing at a pretoria hospita .
 3 americans arrested in egypt as clashes continue <sec> new : the college students will be questioned on wednesday , an egyptian official says .  they are accused of lobbing molotov cocktails during the unrest in tahrir square .  the students were spending the semester in cairo as part of a study-abroad program .  the u.s. state department expects to have access to them on wednesda .
 dad walks 525 miles after son 's suicide <sec> denis asselin finishes his walk from philadelphia to boston on thursday .  he is walking in memory of his son nathaniel , who took his own life at age 24 .  nathaniel suffered from body dysmorphic disorder , a form of oc .
 libyan protesters turn efforts to ousting prime minister ali zeidan <sec> protesters who won new law against gadhafi-era officials continue efforts .  they want prime minister ali zeidan to be dismissed , leader says .  leaders of armed protests have their own agenda , analyst say .
 judge considers whether five accused of 9/11 attacks need new lawyers <sec> there could be more hearings on whether an fbi investigation caused a conflict of interest .  the fbi questioned four people on defense team , none of them lawyers .  lead defense lawyer threatens to leave case , says he worries about being investigated , too .  assistant u.s. attorney says no one is currently under investigatio .
 pistorius case and the plague of violence against women <sec> one billion rising mass action is raising awareness of violence against women .  frida ghitis : oscar pistorius faces murder charges in death of his girlfriend .  ghitis says people are taking notice , with the assault on malala , the death of nirbhaya .  ghitis : the death of steenkamp is a reminder of the urgency of the cause in helping wome .
 5 questions about mother in toddler 's hot-car death <sec> leanna harris ' husband is charged in the death of their son in a hot car last month .  a friend says the georgia couple had a loving relationship with cooper , 22 months .  a detective says police found leanna harris ' actions and words curious .  she 's not a suspect , but police have repeatedly mentioned her in warrants and in cour .
 pentagon 9/11 memorial honors victims in symbols , concrete <sec> pentagon unveils 9/11 memorial to honor the 184 victims killed there .  benches are laid out in a pattern according to the year each victim was born .  son visits site with dad to honor his mom : `` i 'm very impressed '' .  watch 9/11 memorials in new york and washington on cnn.com liv .
 menorahs lighted in new york , nation 's capital <sec> the world 's largest menorah is lighted in new york .  the nine-branched candelabra is 32 feet tall , 28 feet wide and weighs 4,000 pounds .  a menorah also is lighted in washington .  the white house menorah lighting dates to 1979 with president jimmy carte .
 will women sailors prove their muscle in brutal volvo ocean race ? <sec> first all-female crew in over a decade gears up for tough sailing race .  volvo ocean race kicks off in october next year , women 's team already training .  significant race follows sudden death of coach magnus olsson last month .  will have 11 crew members -- three more than men 's team .
 michael jackson 's drug use explored in trial <sec> nurse david fournier gave jackson propofol 14 times in 3 years .  the sedations were for plastic surgeries , dermatological procedures and oral surgeries , he said .  jackson never asked for specific drugs and never quarreled with him , fournier says .  aeg live 's lead lawyer has said he would call `` many , many , doctors '' as witnesse .
 freight train derails after colliding with truck in maryland <sec> new : the cause of the accident is not clear ; ntsb will investigate .  officials believe no toxic inhalants were aboard .  driver of truck is only person injured .  witness : 'deafening ' explosion followed derailmen .
 eu slams syria 's al-assad , slaps sanctions on iran <sec> new : the european union expands sanctions against iran over human rights .  eu ministers accuse syria of possible crimes against humanity .  they extend sanctions against belarus for its crackdown on the opposition .  libya and yemen are also on the agend .
 solar lifeline saves darfur women <sec> violence in darfur has left more than 200,000 dead and 2.5 million displaced .  solar cookers in refugee camp reduce the need for firewood by up to 75 percent .  fewer trips outside leaves women less prone to beatings , rape and murder .  accompanying cottage industries provide entrepreneurial opportunit .
 hundreds lose home in new jersey apartment fire <sec> massive apartment fire accidentally started by workers , police chief says .  up to 500 residents homeless after 240 units burned in edgewater , new jersey , official says .  some 520 other residents temporarily displaced from nearby building .
 cnn correspondent rejects fox report on human shields <sec> fox says journalists including a cnn crew were used as human shields in libya .  robertson : fox report is `` outrageous and hypocritical '' .  the fox report did n't mention a fox worker also was on the trip , robertson say .
 serena to play azarenka in madrid final <sec> victoria azarenka beats agnieszka radwanska for the sixth time this year .  the world no . .  1 will face serena williams in sunday 's madrid masters final .  williams beats czech qualifier lucie hradecka in straight sets for her 12th clay-court win of the season .  the american will move up to at least no . .  6 in the rankings on monda .
 ceasefire agreed to after marathon ukraine peace talks <sec> `` we had just two options : bad , and worse , '' the ukrainian pm tells cnn .  a german government spokesman says the deal , reached after 17-hour talks , is a `` reason for hope '' .  the deal includes a ceasefire to begin sunday and the withdrawal of heavy weapon .
 christina aguilera 's 'beautiful ' tribute to cnn heroes <sec> 2008 cnn hero of the year is liz mccartney of st. bernard parish , louisiana .  grammy winners christine aguilera , alicia keys and john legend perform .  the show honors the top 10 cnn heroes as selected by a distinguished panel .  it airs globally at 9 p.m . .  et november 27 ( 0200 gmt november 28 .
 khaldoon mubarak , ceo , mubadala development company <sec> khaldoon mubarak is the 32-year old ceo of mubadala development company .  he a board member of aldar properties , dolphin energy and first gulf bank .  mubadala owns stakes in dolphin energy , ferrari and the carlyle grou .
 is the internet the future of community ? <sec> steffen says the internet can bring communities closer together .  technology now an essential part of social networking .  internet use helps people navigate the 'real ' world .  increase in online advocacy and use of the internet for campaignin .
 mugabe hosts lavish party despite national crisis <sec> mugabe 's zanu-pf raised $ 250,000 in order to hold the party .  new : at party mugabe said controversial land reform would not be reversed .  prime minister morgan tsvangirai turned down invitation to party , official said .  zimbabwe is struggling to cope with a cholera epidemic due to funding shortage .
 commentary : latinos have made it , but there 's still work to be done <sec> robert menendez : latinos are now are at the political table , making a difference .  more young latinos will follow in the footsteps of pioneering public servants , he says .  he says latinos must remind america about long latino presence , contributions .  latinos must appreciate accomplishments but also understand shortfalls , he say .
 you do n't know jack ! brazilian cops bust man using fake nicholson id <sec> new : the suspect is in jail awaiting trial .  ricardo sergio freire de barros was trying open a bank account .  a fake id of his features jack nicholson .  nicholson is a three-time oscar winning acto .
 photos north korea did n't want you to see <sec> journalist johan nylander covered an international bike race from china into north korea .  promised full access while in north korea , guards later deleted 90 of his photos .  nylander recovered the photos deemed offensive by government minders .  deleted photos often showed north korean security guards , peasants in the countrysid .
 using facebook while driving leads to homicide charge <sec> abby sletten charged with homicide after she crashed car while using her phone .  phyllis gordon , 89 , was killed in the may 27 collision on a north dakota highway .  investigators say sletten was viewing facebook photos at time of acciden .
 mel gibson faces ex-girlfriend again in battle for baby lucia <sec> new : mel 's nanny and grigorieva 's mom are waiting to testify .  gibson and oksana grigorieva are spending monday on opposite sides of court .  grigorieva accused gibson of domestic violence ; gibson says grigorieva tried to extort hi .
 pakistani scientist found guilty of attempted murder <sec> aafia siddiqui convicted of attempted murder , armed assault on u.s. officers .  prosecutors said siddiqui shot at officers while being held in afghan facility in 2008 .  siddiqui had been sought for several years for suspected ties to al qaeda .  `` this is a verdict from israel , not america , '' siddiqui says after verdic .
 man who wrote 'how-to ' for pedophiles arrested <sec> phillip greaves arrested in colorado on florida warrant .  greaves ' book was considered a `` how-to '' guide for pedophiles .  the book was pulled from amazon.com in november .  greaves faces extradition to florida to face felony charge .
 police officers killed in ivory coast ; 3 peacekeepers injured <sec> five of the police officers are killed by heavily armed gunmen , a police source says .  three others die in clashes with protesters , abidjan 's governor says .  a tense political standoff in ivory coast is ongoin .
 millionaire quizzed over cyanide death in new japanese 'black widow ' case <sec> seven of chisako kakehi 's previous partners have died in 20 years .  autopsy report on her fourth husband found cyanide in his body , police say .  media reports say she has made millions from life insurance mone .
 google , local platforms respond to japan 's 8.9 earthquake crisis <sec> an earthquake with a magnitude of 8.9 hit japan today .  in under 2.5 hours google launched its person-finder application .  within a couple hours 2,000 reports had been logge .
 polish presidential election is headed for a runoff , exit polls show <sec> new : top two vote-getters fail to garner more than 50 percent of vote .  president lech kaczynski killed in a plane crash in april .  election pits president 's twin brother against parliament speaker .  komorowski leads kaczynski , polls sho .
 u.s. bombs poppy crop to cut taliban drug ties <sec> u.s. bombs poppy seeds in bid to break up taliban 's connection to heroin .  poppy seeds used to produce opium and heroin .  opium , heroin has been a major source of revenue for the taliban .  usaid offering seeds , other help to encourage afghan farmers to grow whea .
 obama says he tried to answer mandela 's 'call ' <sec> obama has said he considers mandela one of -- if not the -- greatest influence in his life .  in `` dreams of my father , '' obama recalls pleading with college trustees to divest from south africa .  obama met mandela for the first time in 2005 .  with mandela gravely ill , obama did not get to visit him during his last trip to south afric .
 champions league final is shop window for 'brand germany ' <sec> champions league final provides a `` brilliant showcase '' for `` brand germany '' .  bundesliga clubs have strong `` indigenous corporate engagement '' .  expert : sponsor and fan cooperation is for the clubs ' greater good .  like german businesses , bundesliga clubs pursue long-term plannin .
 academy reject pilkington punishes manchester united <sec> manchester city move to top of english premier league with 5-0 win over aston villa .  rivals manchester united drop to second after losing 1-0 to norwich city .  third-placed chelsea suffer 2-1 defeat away to surprise team west brom .  arsenal win 5-2 in london derby with tottenham , who have a player sent of .
 portugal crush world champions spain ; france win in england <sec> portugal avenge world cup defeat against spain with 4-0 victory in lisbon .  helder postiga scores twice as portugal cruise past 2018 world cup co-candidates .  france inflict england 's first wembley defeat under fabio capello , winning 2-1 .  netherlands beat turkey while italy and germany both draw and russia los .
