 georgia fans cheer on teen tennis phenomenon <sec> melanie oudin , 17 , moves into quarterfinals with latest win .  oudin caused hubbub when she beat former no . .  1 maria sharapova on saturday .  oudin honed her skills at the racquet club of the south in georgia .  fellow members are as impressed by positive attitude as by her talen .
 glenn close : use of my image in navy video 'insulting ' <sec> close says she visited the uss enterprise more than four years ago .  officials say capt . .  owen honors produced profanity- and slur-laden videos .  the videos include anti-gay slurs and simulated sex acts .  honors was relieved of his command of the shi .
 planned parenthood defends virginia clinic after latest 'sting ' video <sec> planned parenthood says the virginia clinic worker acted properly .  the video is the second this week from anti-abortion group live action .  planned parenthood fired a new jersey clinic worker after a vide .
 a problem-plagued plane hits isis : f-22 enters combat <sec> the f-22 flew its first combat mission against isis .  the government estimates that each plane costs $ 412 million .  the fighter jet has been plagued by mechanical problems and cost overrun .
 a radical mother transformed <sec> hadiya masieh , 32 , joined the radical islamist group hiz ut tahrir while in college .  hizb ut tahrir members ' `` main focus was on politics , '' she says .  london bombings of july 7 , 2005 , were a turning point for her .  she and her husband now work to bring faith communities closer togethe .
 death gives massachusetts 1st open senate seat in decades <sec> state likely headed for its 1st hotly contested senate race in a quarter century .  massachusetts law requires a special election for kennedy 's seat within 160 days .  list of possible contenders is deep , and unabashedly democrati .
 another yosemite camper dies in hantavirus outbreak <sec> cdc officials have said that up to 10,000 people could be at risk for hantavirus .  yosemite 's `` signature tent cabins '' are closed indefinitely .  many campers say outbreak wo n't keep them from coming bac .
 cambridge mayor : gates ' arrest should n't have happened <sec> cambridge , massachusetts , mayor says she 'll talk to police chief about arrest .  `` this ca n't happen again in cambridge , '' mayor says of harvard scholar 's arrest .  disorderly conduct charges later dropped against henry louis gates jr . .  mayor calls gates to apologize after arrest at his hom .
 welcome to 1960s paris where bubbles ferry floating models <sec> photographer melvin sokolsky captured the now iconic `` bubble '' series in 1963 in paris .  images appeared in harper 's bazaar and are credited with launching artistic fashion photography .  models were shot inside a sphere held together by a ring of aluminum and suspended by a 1/8th inch steel cabl .
 seiji ozawa : japan 's classical maestro <sec> seiji ozawa was musical director of boston symphony orchestra for 29 years .  successful career has seen ozawa conduct some of world 's greatest orchestras .  had to deal with prejudice and expectation as asian in western dominated art for .
 domenicali : ferrari 'right ' to retain massa <sec> stefano domenicali says ferrari `` right '' to keep felipe massa as a driver .  massa struggled in the first half of last season , but picked up 98 points from september .  the brazilian signed a one-year contract extension with ferrari in october .  the 2013 formula one season starts in australia in marc .
 painting , sold under nazis , returned to owner 's estate <sec> art dealer max stern was forced to liquidate his gallery in 1937 .  stern died in 1987 with no heirs .  his art restoration project benefits three universities .  `` portrait of a musician playing a bagpipe '' was returned tuesda .
 arab-americans watch israel-gaza conflict with mix of worry , relief <sec> more than 500 people attend vigil wednesday evening in dearborn , michigan , for palestinians .  arab-americans anguish over violence between hamas in gaza and israel .  'it 's the worst reality television you 'd ever want to watch , ' says palestinian-american with relatives in gaza .  cease-fire brings relief , but many relatives in gaza are now without home .
 obama 's potential running mates <sec> new : obama picks caroline kennedy , eric holder for search committee .  obama faces tough choice of whom to pick for running mate .  hillary clinton has indicated that she is open to a joint ticket .  there is a wide field of contenders from across political spectru .
 some cities are close to the snowiest winter in history <sec> several cities are close to record-level snowfall .  new york , philadelphia , detroit are among those looking at possible records .  toledo could break its record this wee .
 roku to make line of connected tvs <sec> roku will work with tv manufacturers to build roku tv sets .  they plan to ship tvs in a variety of sizes from 32 inches to 55 inches this fall .  roku is best known for its set-top box that lets users stream up to 1,200 channel .
 top intel officer slams work of u.s. spies in afghanistan <sec> spies focus on enemy groups , not on learning afghanistan 's culture , intel officer says .  report comes less than a week after seven cia officers killed by double agent .  spokesman : gen. stanley mcchrystal , top commander in afghanistan , backs the repor .
 cuts too deep ? no , not deep enough <sec> matt welch : politicians have been squawking about dire fallout of forced spending cuts .  he says congress and obama agreed on them in 2011 deal , and they 're necessary .  he asks : what have we gotten from huge increase in federal government 's budget ? .  welch : debt at 100 % of gdp , with boomers getting ready to queue up for benefit .
 some damage in el salvador after quake <sec> the quake was deep but close to el salvador 's shoreline .  crews responded to at least 12 collapsed homes . .  a woman was killed when an electrical utility pole fell on he .
 activists cite 23 deaths friday in syria violence <sec> nine fatalities reported in damascus and its suburbs .  a journalist says security forces in damascus fired into crowds .  syria has been wracked by violent crackdowns by government force .
 documentary : serial killer , not o.j. , killed simpson and goldman <sec> `` i 'm absolutely certain that my brother glen killed nicole simpson and ron goldman , '' clay rogers says .  glen rogers was sentenced to death for murdering women in florida and california .  simpson and goldman 's killer `` is o.j . .  simpson and not glen rogers , '' goldman 's father says .  `` my brother the serial killer '' debuts wednesday on investigation discovery channe .
 north korea fires 'cutting edge ' anti-ship missiles <sec> north korea tests anti-ship missile it says was developed in the country .  analyst says the missile actually look similar to russian kh-35e anti-ship cruise missile .  announcement comes before annual u.s.-south korea exercises that draws heavy criticism from north kore .
 sony ceo accidentally reveals secret details about iphone 5 <sec> sony will be supplying image sensors for apple 's iphone 5 .  a camera sensor will be delayed because of the quake and tsunami in japan .  apple will no longer be using omnivision 5-megapixel image sensor .
 israel considers truce amid airstrikes <sec> new : israeli air force blasts away at tunnels linking gaza to egypt .  new : israeli defense forces deny reports it would advise olmert to adopt truce .  french foreign minister kouchner calls olmert about truce plan , ministry sources say .  israeli military says it is targeting only hamas militant .
 senate hearing postponed after petraeus faints <sec> new : obama calls petraeus from air force one .  spokesman says petraeus fainted , `` is feeling much better '' .  general says he got `` a little dehydrated , '' had n't eaten breakfast .  petraeus was set to testify at senate armed services committee hearin .
 obama 's asia trip highlights region 's growing global importance <sec> the president will visit india , indonesia , south korea and japan .  obama will participate in the g-20 and apec summits .  the 10-day trip includes bilateral meetings and cultural event .
 top seed nadal into tokyo quarters <sec> world number two rafael nadal beats canada 's milos raonic .  top seed nadal now into quarterfinals of the japan open .  second seed andy murray has also reached the last eight .  jo-wilfried tsonga into last eight of china open in beijin .
 moscow reduces hours for some alcohol sales <sec> a new law in moscow restricts alcohol sales in stores .  the law limits sales of stronger beverages to 12 hours a day instead of 15 .  the law affects only moscow ; there is no nationwide alcohol sales regulation in russi .
 more than 100,000 rare gorillas found in congo <sec> researchers feared only around 50,000 western lowland gorillas left worldwide .  now 125,000 primates have been discovered in northern congo .  population declining rapidly because of hunting and diseases like ebola .  expert : this is the highest-known density of gorillas that 's ever been foun .
 search for prisoner who slipped out of arkansas jail looks at missouri <sec> derrick estell might be in dallas county , missouri , a deputy says .  his mother was arrested last week for allegedly helping her son .  he was talking on the phone with his mother when he bolted , authorities sa .
 opinion : the health care fix wo n't work <sec> aaron carroll : obama 's quick `` fix '' on insurance cancellations puts off needed changes .  he says aca mandates adequate care ; policies without it must go away .  he says `` fix '' just shifts blame to the insurance companies when they cancel policies .  carroll : to fix broken health care , we must accept changes . .  there are no easy answer .
 romney wo n't make mccain 's mistake <sec> mitt romney has begun the process of picking a vice presidential candidate .  gloria borger : romney will apply one key lesson of john mccain 's sarah palin pick .  borger says whoever is chosen needs to be prepared to be president of the u.s .
 wife : isis hostage alan henning pleaded for life <sec> alan henning is being held captive by isis militants , who have threatened his life .  henning 's wife speaks out because isis captors wo n't engage in `` dialogue , '' she says .  she notes muslims have called for henning 's release ; sharia courts found him to be no threat .  `` he went to syria to help his muslim friends deliver much needed aid , '' she sai .
 demonstrators again challenge egypt 's morsy <sec> new : president mohamed morsy would reportedly consider postponing a referendum vote .  protesters break barricade at the presidential palace in cairo .  dozens throw rocks and bottles at morsy 's home in sharkia province .  morsy says those responsible for violence must be punishe .
 gay powers to osaka sprint double <sec> tyson gay completes a sprint double at the world championships in osaka .  he wins the 200 meters in a championship record 19.76 seconds .  irving saladino of panama wins the long jump with 8.57 meter .
 court : medically legal or not , smoke pot and face firing <sec> california court upheld the termination of an employee who flunked drug test .  although california allows medical marijuana , could still lead to firing .  company said its work across state borders could make it subject to federal law .  state law protection for medical marijuana only goes so far , high court say .
 records : evan ebel told prison guard she would 'beg for her life ' <sec> new : evan ebel was written up 28 times for disciplinary issues , according to records .  new : he threatened to kill guards and beat up other inmates , the records show .  new : ebel left prison wearing ankle monitoring device , says an official .  authorities have charged stevie marie vigil with buying a gun and giving it to ebe .
 ireland requests billions in euro loans from eu <sec> new : imf , eu ministers `` welcome '' ireland 's request for financial assistance .  new : the united kingdom , sweden may offer separate loans to ireland .  new : taxes could rise and billions will be cut , ireland 's prime minister says .  ireland 's finance minister said the country would ask for under 100 billion euro .
 prince harry and cressida bonas call it quits after two year relationship <sec> prince harry and cressida bonas , 25 , break up after two year relationship .  source close to couple calls split `` amicable , '' says pair remain `` best of friends '' .  bonas , who works in marketing , looking to pursue own career .  harry reportedly heading to memphis this weekend for friend 's weddin .
 african migrants protest , push for asylum in israel <sec> african migrants call for a labor strike in tel aviv .  they ask israel 's government to grant them asylum .  the government offers the migrants cash incentives to return home .  officials call them illegal migrants and blame them for an increase in crim .
 britain attack : latest developments <sec> new : friends and acquaintances say michael adebolajo is one suspect .  new : he and another man shot by police are stable in london hospitals , police say .  uk ministry of defense names the victim as soldier lee rigby .  there have been 2 more arrests tied to the case , police sa .
 jimmy savile : national treasure in life , reviled 'sex abuser ' in death <sec> flamboyant bbc tv host , who died in 2011 , accused of being a prolific child abuser .  savile hosted `` top of the pops '' and `` jim 'll fix it , '' a bbc show mostly for children .  uk police say more than 200 possible victims of savile 's sexual abuse now identified .  bbc has been widely criticized for its handling of the savile crisi .
 volunteers still needed in quake-battered japan <sec> all hands cleans houses and helps families salvage posessions .  more than 6,500 people need homes in the city of ofunato .  `` you ca n't forget about these people , '' one volunteer say .
 scores of children found in squalor at mexico shelter <sec> mexican authorities found nearly 500 children living in squalor at a refuge in michoacan state .  the children were subjected to physical , psychological and sexual abuse , authorities say .  the operator of the shelter was detained along with eight of her employees .  michoacan governor salvador jara guerrero : `` we must not allow these things to occur .
 gao report : special-needs kids abused in schools <sec> gao report uncovers abuse of techniques used to restrain or discipline children .  some deaths of special-needs kids have been linked to the practices , report says .  investigators : utah boy with autism left in cubicle for at least two and a half hours .  only five states keep track of incidents ; many states have no regulation .
 korean air executive resigns from roles over nuts row <sec> heather cho asks for forgiveness , says she takes full responsibility , airline says .  korean air says cho has resigned from some roles but is keeping vp title .  airline says ordering a flight assistant to get off the plane was excessive .  cho ordered a plane back to the gate after a flight attendant served nuts in a ba .
 what will inspire tomorrow 's rocket scientists ? <sec> astronaut chris ferguson says human spaceflight inspired him when he was younger .  there are no set plans for human spaceflight within obama 's nasa revamp .  ferguson and others in aerospace worry what will inspire children .  many hope commercial spaceflight will change the game for manned mission .
 prince william , duchess of cambridge 's royal baby due in july <sec> duchess of cambridge and prince william 's baby is due in july , couple announce .  royals were forced to reveal pregnancy earlier than planned , because of catherine 's illness .  duchess has been suffering from acute morning sickness , hyperemesis gravidarum .  she was hospitalized for several days in decembe .
 freddie prinze jr. : kiefer sutherland 's unprofessional <sec> freddie prinze jr. says working with kiefer sutherland almost made him quit acting .  the actor and sutherland co-starred on `` 24 '' in 2010 .  sutherland 's rep says this is the first time sutherland has heard of prinze jr. 's complaint .
 n. korea destroys nuclear reactor tower <sec> north korea destroys a highly visible tower at a nuclear facility .  u.s. president bush welcomes decision , warns north korea still has work to do .  bush says he 'll remove north korea from list of state sponsors of terroris .
 colombian guerrillas kill 17 indians , human rights groups say <sec> revolutionary armed forces of colombia accused of torture , slayings .  farc guerillas killed the indians for helping the army , governor reportedly said .  allegations are based in part on information from man who said he escaped .  human rights group in colombia says farc has abducted 120 awas since februar .
 climate change : 'i 'm on the front lines of this crisis ' <sec> hundreds of thousands are expected at the people 's climate march on sunday .  the event is billed as the biggest climate change demonstration to date .  among them will be bren smith , an `` ocean farmer '' in connecticut .  cnn 's john sutter rides with smith by boat from his farm to new yor .
 greek austerity protests turn ugly as strike begins <sec> new : new imf chief appeals to the greek opposition to join a national consensus on reform .  at least five arrested ; 21 police officers and one protester hurt in the clashes , police say .  protesters show no sign of leaving despite the clashes , as a two-day strike continues .  parliament is to vote on the tough austerity package on wednesda .
 manchester united ipo prices below range <sec> shares in manchester united 's ipo were priced at $ 14 , below the price range initially set .  the club and its owners will raise around $ 234m from the sale of 16.7m shares .  half the proceeds from the sale will be used to pay down the club 's outstanding debt .  when the shares start trading on friday it will mark the biggest sports listing on recor .
 the fastnet tragedy 30 years on <sec> the 1979 fastnet race ended in tragedy after a freak storm hit competitors .  in all 15 people died and the ex-british leader edward heath went missing for a time .  the disaster resulted in a raft of new safety rules introduced into the spor .
 when a parent goes to war , military kids grow up fast <sec> children of parents deployed to wars overseas assume adult responsibilities .  deployments cause stress but also force teens to become more resilient .  `` my dad told me i am the man of the house , and i have to act like it , '' says tyler dix , 16 .  teens created the sisterhood of the bdus to bring girls togethe .
 phelps suspended from competition , dropped by kellogg <sec> usa swimming suspends michael phelps from competition for three months .  kellogg co. says it wo n't renew its sponsorship of phelps .  announcements follow publication of photo showing phelps smoking from bong .  sheriff 's office says it is investigating whether phelps smoked marijuan .
 stomach illness that hit 83 people on cruise ship may be linked to norovirus <sec> 66 passengers and 17 crew members came down with a digestive bug .  princess cruises believes norovirus is at the root of the outbreak .  it is believed to have infected passengers on a number of cruise ships in recent months .  health officials track it on cruise ships , leading to more frequent reportin .
 judge says arizona can enforce most contentious part of immigration law <sec> ruling is latest in two-year legal battle over tough immigration law .  hot-button immigration issue is key in presidential campaign .  unclear when arizona will begin enforcing provision of law backed by cour .
 prescription drugs impaired tanker-crash pilot , feds say <sec> pilot of tanker that struck san francisco bay bridge `` medically unfit , '' ntsb says .  man was taking `` a half-dozen impairing prescription medications , '' report says .  crash in 2007 caused oil spill that killed about 2,500 birds , ntsb says .  supervisor 's poor oversight also cited as factor in ntsb repor .
 iggy pop : 'i was looking for an elegant coma ' <sec> iggy pop says he moved to miami in search of peace and convenience .  he is `` one of those characters who like to lurk where not too many people are '' .  he says he gets inspiration from `` exercise , nature , a woman or a city '' .  miami is `` dark and moody , with a brilliant and sensual side , '' he say .
 cnn student news learning activity : the constitution in action <sec> students will identify contemporary applications of the u.s. constitutio .
 sam simon , 'simpsons ' producer and philanthropist , dies <sec> sam simon helped create `` the simpsons , '' oversaw first four seasons .  simon earned millions and was determined to give it away .  animal welfare was among simon 's primary cause .
 former president clinton asks nations to keep funding aids programs <sec> new : clinton suggests how countries can help .  he says lack of money will cause a calamity .  the former president is attending the international aids conference in vienna , austria .  reports from vaccine tests are two to three months away , he say .
