 scientists hope to clone extinct species <sec> japanese scientists produce clones of mice dead and frozen for 16 years .  feat could lead researchers to resurrect long-extinct species , like mammoth .  researchers used cells from mice that were frozen for 16 years at -20 celsiu .
 zsa zsa gabor rushed to hospital with no blood flow in leg , rep says <sec> gabor is rushed to a hospital because of no blood flow in her remaining leg .  the 94-year-old actress had part of her right leg amputated in februar .
 so close : miami heat not the only ones to almost break a record <sec> the heat won 27 games in a row .  the team from miami lost this week to chicago .  the heat were vying to beat los angeles lakers ' unbroken winning streak of 3 .
 milan miss chance to leapfrog inter in serie a <sec> ac milan held 1-1 at home by europe-chasing napoli to stay second in serie a .  filippo inzaghi equalizes for milan after hugo canpagnaro put napoli ahead in san siro .  lazio win 2-0 at cagliari to pull clear of relegation zone .  antonio cassano 's wonder goal sees sampdoria beat juventus 1-0 .
 the lost art of offline dating <sec> some dating experts say online dating has sapped our social skills .  approaching people and starting conversations can be hard if you 're not used to it .  users mistake social media for being social , says body language expert blake eastman .  practice talking to others by striking up a conversation in the coffee lin .
 obama 's cabinet shaping up to be a boys club <sec> obama 's second term cabinet picks include jack lew , chuck hagel and john kerry .  some worry the trend will derail the president 's previous track record of diversity .  defense and treasury cabinet spots still a glass ceiling for wome .
 anti-bullying resources for parents and teachers <sec> parents and teachers can use this cnn student news resource to address the topic of bullying with their student .
 animation confronts gaza breast cancer taboo <sec> young palestinian 's death from breast cancer inspires first commercial animation .  `` fatenah '' is based on life of gaza seamstress who died of the disease aged 28 .  it took doctors six months to diagnose cancer ; they told her to loosen her bra .  filmmakers hope it will help break down barriers around subject taboo in the regio .
 'blade runner ' hires american forensic experts for murder defense <sec> olympic runner oscar pistorius wants the specialists to challenge evidence against him .  he is accused of murdering his girlfriend , model reeva steenkamp , on valentine 's day .  he has received the nicknamed `` blade runner '' for the prosthetic legs he sprints o .
 baghdad blast , gunfire kill 15 <sec> new : 15 killed , 45 wounded in baghdad blast , ensuing gunfire .  blast outside of country 's central bank .  clashes ongoing between security forces and bank robbers .  power generator for bank caught fir .
 world bank report : somali pirates cost economy $ 18 billion a year <sec> piracy off the horn of africa costs the world economy $ 18 billion a year , according to a new report .  world bank study says pirate attacks also hurt the economies of somalia and neighboring countries .  in particular , the strategic sectors of tourism and fishing are hi .
 browse the web , earn points and prizes <sec> the idea of the `` check in '' is coming to the internet .  the term once referred to the idea of telling friends where you are .  now it applies to sharing the websites you 're visiting .  onetruefan , badgeville and bigdoor media are among those competin .
 brilliante mendoza : philippines ' celebrated and divisive director <sec> mendoza won the best director award at this year 's cannes film festival .  filipino filmmaker lauded by quentin tarantino for his film `` serbis '' .  mendoza has only been directing for four years ; films have proved controversia .
 30,000-year-old girl 's pinkie points to new early human species <sec> a small bone found in a cave in siberia could indicate a new species of early humans .  dna of `` denisovans '' is found in modern melanesians .  the finger belonged to 6- or 7-year-old girl , anthropologists sa .
 jamaica under tropical storm warning as strengthening ernesto approaches <sec> new : even with ernesto 435 miles away , jamaica may see rains and winds sunday .  new : stronger by saturday night , the storm should be a hurricane soon , forecasters say .  new : aruba , curacao and bonaire may also experience heavy rains tied to the storm .  new : in the atlantic , tropical storm florence is strengthening and moving west-northwes .
 who 's really harmed by dr. oz <sec> ford vox : when celeb doc mehmet oz slammed by doctors for 'quack ' medicine , he hit back , but their complaint has some basis .  he says oz scorned by some in medical community , at senate hearing ; comics joke about him . .  he serves himself at cost to his hospita .
 prince , blanket jackson celebrate dad 's life amid death trial <sec> new : aeg live did `` fail to follow adequate hiring practices , '' expert says .  prince and blanket attend cirque du soleil 's `` michael jackson one '' premiere in las vegas .  two jurors tell judge a woman approached them during a court break friday .  `` she mentioned 'please do n't give anyone any money , ' '' one juror say .
 chavez will not be sworn in on inauguration day <sec> officials say hugo chavez will not be in venezuela for inauguration day .  government , opposition differ on what happens next ; lawmakers debating issue .  chavez 's term automatically renews , the government says .  the constitution makes it clear that this is not the case , opponents sa .
 journalist : italian arrests could be the tip of a match-fixing iceberg <sec> italian prosecutors find links to asia , south america and other parts of europe .  former international cristiano doni among 17 people arrested on monday .  atalanta veteran had already been banned from football in august after first probe .  italian journalist says it is likely clubs are involved in the scandal as well as player .
 hugh masekela : the sound of south africa <sec> musician hugh masekela was an inspirational campaigner against apartheid .  he left south africa in 1960 to go to music school in london and new york .  his hit songs included grazin ' in the grass '' and `` bring back nelson mandela '' .  he returned to jo'burg in 1990 and continues to record and tour the worl .
 in-form verdasco to face soderling in barcelona final <sec> fernando verdasco reaches second final in a week with victory at barcelona open .  verdasco denies compatriot david ferrer third successive final outing in spanish event .  fifth seed comes from behind to triumph 6-7 ( 3-7 ) 7-5 6-1 in saturday 's first semifinal .  he will face second seed robin soderling in final after swede crushed thiemo de bakke .
 four gunmen die in attack on pakistan police <sec> eight cadets are killed during attack in lahore , top military official says .  leader of pakistan 's taliban named as prime suspect .  four militants dead , three captured , authorities say .  lahore was site of attack on sri lankan cricket team earlier in marc .
 job fair draws most seniors in event 's history <sec> job fair aimed at people 50 and older draws big crowd .  pittsburgh area business executives meeting with high school students .  wal-mart adding 3,000 jobs in north carolina .  air force recruiter in florida has seen increase in interes .
 new zealand police use facebook to stop crime <sec> security camera records man unsuccessfully trying to break into a pub 's safe .  becoming hot , he removed his balaclava and looked up right at the camera .  police posted the images on the popular social networking site , facebook .  by the next day , he was in custody , fingered by viewers who recognized hi .
 hospital : pakistani teen activist malala awake , talking after successful surgeries <sec> operations to repair malala 's skull and help her hearing `` were a success , '' the hospital says .  queen elizabeth hospital : she is stable , `` awake and talking to staff and members of her family '' .  saturday 's five-hour surgery is the latest step on a long road to recovery for the teen activist .  in october taliban gunmen shot her in the head and nec .
 dining car causes 13-hour amtrak delay <sec> amtrak 's silver star train was disabled just 2 miles from a train station .  a problem with the axle on a dining car caused a 13-hour delay .  passengers had access to food and water but were not allowed to leave the trai .
 report : two-hour execution followed correct protocol <sec> an independent report on a two-hour execution revealed no wrongdoing .  joseph wood execution was initially believed to be `` botched '' .  a media witness likens wood 's breathing to a `` fish gulping for air '' .  wood had argued the combination for lethal injection was cruel and unusual punishmen .
 ntsb to assist south korea in cargo plane crash probe <sec> the two pilots of an asiana airlines cargo plane are believed to have been killed .  the plane crashed thursday in the east china sea .  before the crash , the flight crew reportedly said there was a fire in the plan .
 chris rock on the billion dollar black 'good hair ' industry <sec> chris rock investigated the black hair industry after daughter admired white hair .  says black hair care industry pulls in some $ 9 million a year .  biggest moneymaker is hair weaves -- up to $ 5,000 , says rock .  he says hair straightening chemicals are too harsh for young childre .
 1,000th win for roger federer as he takes brisbane title <sec> roger federer claims brisbane international title .  beats milos raonic of canada in three sets .  1,000th win on the atp tour for swiss maestro .  federer was claiming 83rd career titl .
 qatar can help palestinians , israel in gaza ( opinion ) <sec> khalid al-attiya : isolated , short of food and water , palestinians in gaza are desperate .  he says gazans need peace pact , humanitarian aid and development funding .  al-attiya : they need an agreement for two states for two peoples , and qatar can help .  he says qatar has helped in tough negotiations before and stands ready to help her .
 samsung galaxy s iii goes on sale in 28 countries <sec> samsung 's galaxy s3 phone goes on sale today in 28 countries in europe and the middle east .  the galaxy s3 is not yet available from u.s. carriers , but rumors say it 's just a matter of week .
 arrested commonwealth games organizer faces sandal attack <sec> police overpower the attacker , a former lawyer .  kalmadi is accused of buying a score-keeping system at `` inflated costs '' .  he has denied wrongdoin .
 opiates killed 8 americans in afghanistan , army records show <sec> eight soldiers died of overdoses involving heroin , morphine or other opiates in 2010-11 .  56 soldiers , including the eight , were investigated for using , possessing or selling the drugs .  more soldiers in the army overall are testing positive for heroin use .  the taliban are believed to be stockpiling opium to finance their activities , u.n. reporte .
 protesters in iraq decry lack of basic services , shortages <sec> hundreds protest in al hamza , an iraqi town , over a lack of basic services and shortages .  7 are wounded in confrontations with police outside a council building , officials say .  dozens also demonstrate in the central iraqi city of kut , according to officials .  these anti-government protests follow similar ones sunday and monday in baghda .
 what 's the tea party express ? <sec> cnn deputy political director paul steinhauser sums up the tea party express .  the national tea party federation expels the tea party express .  the reason ? .  an inflammatory blog post its leader wrote about the naac .
 singer gerry rafferty dead at 63 <sec> rafferty had a hit in the 1970s with `` baker street '' .  he was also famous for `` stuck in the middle with you '' .  rafferty battled alcoholism for decade .
 kansas city superintendent defends plan to shutter schools <sec> kansas city , missouri , school board approves plan to close 28 of 61 public schools .  superintendent says `` right-size '' plan is needed to save money , prevent declining enrollment .  critics say closures will drive residents away from school district .
 obama , romney 's 'china bashing ' grates chinese netizens <sec> during second debate , obama , romney talked tough on china .  monday 's debate will focus entirely on foreign policy , china expected to surface .  chineze netizens decry what they say is blaming china for u.s. economic woe .
 leg cramps interrupt nadal news conference <sec> the no . .  2 tennis player grimaces in pain after u.s. open match .  he says it was because of leg cramps .  he won his third-round match sunday in hot , humid weathe .
 naomi sims , pioneering black model , dies at 61 <sec> naomi sims was one of first black supermodels .  sims was on notable cover of ladies ' home journal in 1968 , many other magazines .  sims paved way for others such as beverly johnson , a friend say .
 apple pay is here , so why does europe have to wait ? <sec> apple introduced its iphone-linked payment system at its iphone 6 launch .  but apple pay 's rollout is initially only in the u.s. , despite demand in europe and asia .  stuart miles says one reason might be europe 's established use of contactless payment .  but , now apple is involved , the industry will likely get a big boos .
 lena dunham threatens legal action , gawker removes leaked book proposal <sec> gawker has removed dunham 's $ 3.7 million book proposal after being contacted by her lawyer .  buzzfeed has also taken down its post on dunham 's proposal .  `` girls '' returns to hbo january 1 .
 snowy owls to be trapped , not shot , at new york airports <sec> new york airport officials say they will trap snowy owls seen as threats to air safety .  media reports say airport officials had been shooting the birds after collisions with five planes .  boston logan international airport has long used traps to capture the bird .
 rice meets with libya leader <sec> condoleezza rice meets with moammar gadhafi in libya .  first trip to libya by a u.s. secretary of state in more than 50 years .  libya 's journey from pariah nation has taken several years .  u.s. companies hoping to take advantage on new friendlier relation .
 bob dylan on his dark new album , 'tempest ' <sec> `` tempest '' is bob dylan 's 35th studio album .  the title track is a nearly 14-minute depiction of the titanic disaster .  numerous folk and gospel songs gave accounts of the even .
 libyan government shelling of misrata residential area said to resume <sec> ten are dead , a medical committee members says .  rebels retook a border area from pro-gadhafi forces , who had seized it earlier in the day .  `` the fight resulted in many casualties , '' a witness say .
 heavy teens at increased risk of heart disease years later <sec> new study says teen boys who are overweight face an increased risk of heart disease .  the study drew on data from medical records of israeli soldiers drafted at age 17 .  current weight and weight changes influence the risk of developing type 2 diabete .
 tiny t. rex fossil discovery startles scientists <sec> scientists discover a fossil they believe was a tiny version of the t. rex .  the predator , nicknamed raptorex , lived about 60 million years before the t. rex .  scientists : an adult raptorex was about 9 feet tall and weighed about 150 pounds .  fossilized remains were discovered in northeastern chin .
 hundreds of christmas flights canceled as storm threatens east coast <sec> new : much of the east coast , especially north of washington , could see snowfall this weekend .  new : american and other airlines have loosened policies to allow no-fee ticket changes .  delta is canceling 500 east coast flights ahead of the storm , a spokesman says .  forecasters say the storm could be significant or a dud , depending on how it proceed .
 why u.s. , israel should welcome palestinian move at u.n . <sec> rabbi michael lerner : israel can not achieve security by dominating palestinians .  he says the powerful should show more generosity to the relatively powerless .  israel , u.s. should support palestinian move for nonmember state status at the u.n. , he says .  lerner : hamas serves netanyahu 's aim of marginalizing the palestinian authorit .
 opinion : how eric cantor 's 'house of cards ' fell apart <sec> gloria borger : eric cantor 's upset is a little bit shakespeare , a bit `` house of cards '' .  she says the irony is that cantor was the tea party 's rep in the party leadership .  borger : the ambitious cantor made right decision on supporting `` dreamer '' legislation .  but she says he failed to explain himself to voters in his own distric .
 'zambezia ' : 3d animation puts south africa film in the picture <sec> `` zambezia '' is a new south african 3d animation feature film .  the movie stars the voices of samuel l. jackson , jeremy suarez and jeff goldblum .  it has been chosen to close the 33rd edition of the durban international film festival .  `` zambezia '' is targeted toward children aged five to 1 .
 opinion : why benghazi issue wo n't go away <sec> timothy stanley : capture of terror suspect does n't blunt benghazi issue for obama .  he says it highlights the anarchy left behind after u.s. helped unseat strongman gadhafi .  he says for many americans benghazi is emblem of obama 's careless foreign policy .  stanley : if hillary clinton thinks benghazi issue behind her , she does n't get its political salienc .
 blog : three ceos in a cockpit <sec> cnn 's ayesha durgahee has been at the farnborough airshow this week .  after finishing an interview she sneaks into the qatar 787 cockpit to find some vips .  durgahee recalls stumbling upon a rare sight -- 3 ceos in a cockpi .
 ring bearer and flower girl reunited after 45 years <sec> raymond heiber and helen klinger first walked down the aisle in 1969 .  forty-five years later , they found their way back to each other .  go to cnn.com/soulmatestories to see more and add your ow .
 chelsea lodge clattenburg complaint <sec> chelsea lodge official complaint with football association .  mark clattenburg accused of using `` inappropriate language '' towards john obi mikel .  club will not pursue allegations of abuse towards juan mata by the referee .  mark clattenburg denies all allegations leveled at hi .
 tiger woods splits with coach sean foley <sec> tiger woods announces that he has split from his longtime coach sean foley .  woods says on his website that it was the right time to end their partnership .  the two began working together four years ago but woods did not win a major .  woods is currently sidelined by a back injury and wo n't play until decembe .
 turkey and portugal make euro 2008 <sec> nihat kahveci put turkey into euro 2008 with 1-0 win over bosnia/herzegovina .  nihat struck at the end of a first half as turkey joined holders greece in finals .  portugal joined poland in qualifying from group a with 0-0 draw with finlan .
 debbie reynolds family connection to 'star wars ' <sec> debbie reynolds receiving sag life achievement award .  actress ranks `` singin ' in the rain ' as her favorite rol .
 antifreeze killer dies in prison <sec> julia lynn turner was convicted in 2007 of murder .  she poisoned her husband in 1995 and boyfriend in 2001 .  both men were found to have died from antifreeze poisoning .  the georgia bureau of investigation will determine turner 's cause of deat .
 final wwi veteran seeks memorial for comrades <sec> new : bill would renovate , expand memorial .  last surviving u.s. veteran of world war i pushes for upgrade .  wwi memorial in nation 's capital currently is a local one .  monument is difficult to find , `` looks like it 's been neglected .
 2012 is 10th warmest for world since 1880 <sec> 2012 ranks as the globe 's 10th warmest since 1880 , when record keeping began .  last year was the warmest year ever for the contiguous united states .  the 12 years of new century rank among the 14 warmest in the past 133 years .  with no snow , minnesota delays a sled dog race ; musher blames global warmin .
 russian bomber buzzes u.s. aircraft carrier <sec> russia 's defense ministry says there was no violation of flight regulations .  one bomber twice flew about 2,000 feet over uss nimitz deck , u.s. military says .  u.s. defense officials say four f/a-18a fighter jets from the nimitz were in the air .  japanese officials tell ap one of the planes violated their country 's airspac .
