 conjoined twins separated , recovering after long surgery <sec> egyptian twin boys are less than a year old .  21st procedure of this type to be performed in the kingdom .  15-hour delicate surgery declared successful , surgeon says .  surgery free as part of king abdullah bin abdul aziz 's philanthropic initiativ .
 u.s. gen. john allen to retire , end pursuit of nato commander job <sec> new : allen says he is retiring due to concern about his wife 's health .  he was the top coalition commander in afghanistan for nearly two years .  allen was nominated to be the supreme allied commander of nato .  he was cleared of any wrongdoing in a scandal over embarrassing e-mail .
 snobbiest cities in the u.s.a . <sec> t+l readers ranked 35 major u.s. cities on their snobbishness .  san francisco voted most snobby city , followed by new york city and boston .  criteria included tech-savviness and presence of good-looking local .
 governor reimburses new jersey for helicopter flight <sec> gov . .  chris christie pays back $ 2,151 for helicopter flight to son 's baseball game .  state gop pays $ 919 to cover flight to political event in princeton after the game .  `` i 'm governor 24/7 , every single day , but i 'm also a father , '' christie says .  democratic assemblywoman calls it `` outright abuse of taxpayer dollars .
 will 'city of two popes ' boost italian economy ? <sec> tentori says religious tourism is generally characterized by big numbers but low expenditures .  the pope 's resignation was unexpected and struck italy like a bolt out of the blue , writes tentori .  the tourism industry , one of the most important assets for italy , is not immune from the crisi .
 ex-shell oil president : 'i felt extorted ' <sec> cnn investigates capitol hill fund-raising and political influence .  ex-oil exec says it 's a legal `` pay to play '' system for access to lawmakers .  author says politicians should not be allowed to leverage their position to extract donation .
 prosecutor : levy 'random victim ' of salvadoran laborer <sec> new : affidavit says suspect told fellow inmate last month `` they got me now '' .  new : witness told police she saw man resembling suspect in park , affidavit says .  ingmar guandique is serving a 10-year prison sentence for two assaults .  levy disappeared in may 2001 ; her body was found a year late .
 indonesia announces plan to protect forests , peatlands <sec> indonesia announces two-year moratorium on converting forests and peat lands into plantations .  norway pledges $ 1 billion to support indonesian deforestation effort .  announcement comes on eve of climate change and deforestation conference in oslo , norway .  indonesia is one of the world 's biggest emitters of greenhouse gases due to deforestatio .
 review : 'pride and glory ' and cliches galore <sec> `` pride and glory '' wants to be cop thriller throwback ; instead it 's just predictable .  film is about a family of cops , one of whom is bad .  edward norton and colin farrell star in well-acted but clichéd movi .
 ed henry : normandy visit brings chills 65 years later <sec> normandy visit came at the end of president obama 's trip to mideast and europe .  cnn 's ed henry says walking the rows of gravestones brought chills , tears .  on one grave were flowers and a message from a `` brother '' .  a group of young boys sought out autographs from assembled veteran .
 internet cut in myanmar , blogger presses on <sec> internet connection in myanmar has been cut off .  london-blogger vows to keep up the fight .  woman on phone : `` who can help us ? '' .  student sent video to cnn because people `` should know what is happening .
 ravi shankar , emissary for world beat <sec> gene seymour : ravi shankar brought classical indian music to a global audience .  he says he was legendary in india when he made cross-genre connections .  the byrds hip to shankar before beatles , but sitar could soon be heard on their records .  seymour : his sound transcended pop associations to carve out singular spot in musi .
 oil in trans alaska pipeline slows to trickle <sec> flow in the trans alaska pipeline is reduced to 5 % of normal .  a leak is found in a booster pump building .  technicians are working on a fix for the lea .
 skype has a new snapchat competitor : qik <sec> qik is a new messaging app from skype that lets people communicate with video clips .  like snapchat , the clips eventually delete , so there 's no archive of conversations .  this is skype 's first standalone spinoff ap .
 who will become paris ' first 'madame mayor ? ' <sec> mayoral elections will be held in paris this weekend .  for the first time the two contenders battling it out for the role are both women .  socialist anne hidalgo is the frontrunner but rival nathalie kosciusko-morizet is closing the ga .
 simple test may determine smokers ' lung cancer risk <sec> first study to quantify link between carcinogen byproduct and lung cancer rates .  researchers tracked levels of byproduct ( nnal ) using urine samples .  smokers with high levels of nnal doubled their risk of developing lung cancer .  test could identify high-risk people , aid in early detection and treatment .  bottom line : this test may one day be used to identify smokers at high risk for lung cancer , but wo n't help against smoking 's other health hazards .
 delights of italy 's 'village of eternity ' <sec> residents of idyllic campodimele , italy , can expect to live to 95 .  the lovely village has peaceful surroundings , pure mountain air and a stress-free lifestyle .  author tracey lawson was enchanted by the freshness of the food and the local cuisine .  the village has two big food festivals in august , celebrating beans and past .
 child-protection laws under scrutiny in wake of scandals <sec> `` it will happen again , unless something fundamental changes , '' group says .  a firm says it is working on a civil case against penn state .  report : second mile records for several years are missing .  attorneys say more alleged victims may come forwar .
 largest volcano on earth found , scientists say <sec> the underwater volcano is called tamu massif .  it is about the size of new mexico state .  tamu massif covers an area of about 120,000 square mile .
 boy stumbles upon ancient arrowhead on new jersey beach <sec> noah cordle , 10 , found an arrowhead while vacationing in new jersey .  an expert says it probably dates back to between 8,000 and 10,000 years ago .  noah 's mother says the family plans to donate the artifac .
 billion dollar ceo explains secrets to success <sec> according to mikkel svane , ceo of customer service software zendesk , a boring business idea can become sexy .  sexy stuff happens when mundane processes are streamlined and simplified , he says .  tricks to excel in the customer support field include sparking real conversations and being unafraid of mistake .
 superb inter claim thrilling derby victory <sec> inter extend their lead in serie a to nine points after defeating ac milan 2-1 .  adriano and dejan stankovic score the goals that settle the san siro derby .  juventus ' hopes take another blow as they draw 1-1 at home to sampdori .
 nbc orders new howie mandel game show : 'white elephant ' <sec> nbc has ordered a new game show from howie mandel .  `` howie mandel 's white elephant '' is based on a popular gift-swapping tradition .  the concept seems to have the tense `` take it or leave it '' simplicity of `` deal .
 man shot and killed at home of colorado legal official <sec> new : coroner says joshua stevens was shot once in head , several times in torso .  new : stevens was unarmed , official thinks .  new : the 31-year-old unemployed man had just moved to the are .
 mother 's instinct saves lives of 3 sons as tornado approached home <sec> terimy miller puts her three small sons in the house closet as the tornado nears .  but she gets a feeling : `` i just got to get out of here . .  i 'm not chancing this . '' .  the mother drives her boys away from the house in moore , oklahoma .  the home 's eventual obliteration confirms she made the right decisio .
 in alabama city , 'everything is gone and i am not exaggerating ' <sec> thirty-five people killed in marion county , sheriff says .  most died in city of hackleburg , which lost most of its businesses .  a bank vault is being used to store medicine , now that the pharmacy is gon .
 will the world be wowed by dubai 's futuristic souk built for expo 2020 ? <sec> dubai won the bid to host world expo 2020 .  site will be built upon 438 hectares between dubai and abu dhabi .  pavilions will be located in a giant , futuristic souk .  some question impact expo will have on property prices and development in the emirat .
 'new girl ' star jake johnson : what 's on my ipod <sec> `` new girl '' returned on tuesday with jessica day and nick miller addressing their kiss .  actor jake johnson plays nick miller on the fox comedy .  johnson : `` dylan 's the only musician for me that kind of sets a tone for how the world should be .
 investors find real estate gold in detroit <sec> jeremy burgess and jared pomranky run urban detroit wholesalers .  some homes in detroit , michigan , sell for as little as $ 1 , many for $ 50 .  the company works with a nonprofit and flips cheaply priced homes .  recently released convicts working for the charity help renovate the propertie .
 mexico kidnappings : outrage is n't going away ( opinion ) <sec> author : the disappearance and killing of 43 students has transformed mexico .  jose carreño figueras says the event happened after a cascade of political scandals .  all confidence in political system lost , people think wrongdoers wo n't be punished , he say .
 obama signs beam of one world trade center <sec> `` it looks beautiful , '' president obama says about national september 11 memorial .  obama signs a steel beam to be placed at the top of the tower .  it is obama 's fourth visit to the site .  one world trade center is expected to be completed next year or in early 201 .
 u.s. air force drops 55,000 pounds of food , water into haiti <sec> 40 pallets with bottled water and meals , ready-to-eat , dropped on a field just north airport .  first airdrop of humanitarian supplies by the u.s. military into haiti since quake .  mission was success says u.s. air force lt. col. leon stricklan .
 texas man indicted in death of alfred wright <sec> shane hadnot charged with drug-related offenses that resulted in wright 's death .  wright was missing three weeks before his body was found .  a coroner 's report says his body was filled with drugs , and his death was ruled accidenta .
 is removal of 'lucky ' michael jackson statue to blame for fulham relegation ? <sec> did removal of michael jackson statue end fulham 's 13-year premier league stay ? .  former owner mohamed al fayed blames dismantling of statue on fulham demise .  al fayed installed tribute to the late singer at craven cottage stadium in 2011 .  new fulham owner shahid khan removed statue which is now in the national football museum in mancheste .
 opinion : what obama could learn on the border <sec> ruben navarrette : president obama should visit the border in light of crisis .  he says obama 's call for more spending is right , but wo n't stop flow of people seeking refuge .  republicans will have to accept more spending on border and immigration , he say .
 'fear is everywhere : ' boko haram threat keeps abducted nigerian girls ' village awake <sec> night abduction by boko haram of school girls from nigerian village shocked world .  more than 200 girls remain in captivity almost one month after they were taken .  men in village of chibok forced to patrol their community at night .  nigerian authorities criticized for their response to the crisi .
 hubble peers back 13.2 billion years , finds 'primordial ' galaxies <sec> findings show galaxies grew from small , bright clusters of stars to big spirals of today .  hubble functions as a type of time machine , looking at early formation of universe .  hubble reaching its limits ; more powerful telescope to be launched in 2014 .
 a modern celebration of african-american history <sec> baby doll masking practice started in new orleans about 1912 .  in 2005 , millisia white and her brother started a modern revival .  group 's mission is to preserve and pass on tradition through education , community service .  they go into schools to teach a forgotten element of new orleans cultur .
 no verdict yet for michael jackson 's doctor <sec> new : jury deliberations resume monday in conrad murray 's involuntary manslaughter trial .  do n't convict `` murray for the actions of michael jackson , '' defense says .  defense blames `` everybody but conrad murray , poor conrad murray , '' prosecutor says .  jury must decide if murray used an iv drip or if jackson injected himself with overdos .
 supreme court justices imagined as dogs <sec> john oliver 's `` last week tonight '' used dogs to illustrate the court 's public sessions , which are closed to cameras .  dogs were robed to represent each justice on the court while audio from the hearing played in the background .  justice ruth ginsberg called the video `` hilarious '' .  gingsberg is also a fan of a tumblr page that sells `` notorious rbg '' shirt .
 pakistan : 200 taliban die in 24 hours <sec> pakistani military says 200 taliban fighters have been killed in 24 hours .  an unknown number of civilians have also been killed and injured .  tens of thousands of civilians have fled as the military campaign intensifie .
 galaxy may be full of 'earths , ' alien life <sec> astronomer : there may be 100 billion earth-like planets in the milky way .  if any of them have liquid water , they are likely to have some type of life , he says .  analysis : thousands of intelligent civilizations may have emerged in the milky way .  nasa 's kepler mission to search for habitable planets in our corner of the galax .
 royal couple 's honeymoon possibilities in the seychelles <sec> william and kate 's honeymoon is taking place somewhere in the seychelles .  the most likely spot , north island , is attractive for its privacy and green credentials .  possibilities : desroches island resort , fregate island , maia seychelles , cousine islan .
 opinion : sequester cuts hurting our kids , elderly <sec> rick larsen : congress helped air travelers , but not others suffering from sequester cuts .  larsen says congress made a band-aid fix when sequestration needs surgery .  larsen : head start cut , military community schools hurting , meals on wheels cut .  congress can fix this with a balanced approach of spending cuts , new revenues , he say .
 psychiatrist : hinckley should not be allowed unsupervised time out in public <sec> dr. raymond patterson testifies in federal court about john hinckley jr. 's behavior .  patterson : hinckley engages in deception and has `` distorted relationships '' with women .  he was found not guilty by reason of insanity in the attempt on president reagan 's life .  he currently spends 10 days a month at his elderly mother 's home at a gated communit .
 rivers recede in wake of missouri levee breaches <sec> new : rain in the forecast is unlikely to push river levels up significantly .  new : rivers are receding around st. louis .  new : water headed downstream should raise river levels south of st. louis .  hundreds of residents were evacuated after river levees faile .
 central african republic president fled to cameroon <sec> bozize is hoping to jump to another country from cameroon .  the african union has suspended the central african republic .  britain , france and the european union express concer .
 seth meyers : new year , new 'late night ' <sec> time magazine asked seth meyers to be on its 2014 forecast issue cover .  he 'll take over `` late night '' in february .  his studio is still being built , but the format is not .  amy poehler is expected to be on his first sho .
 snowstorm cuts power in parts of northeast <sec> new : nearly 240,000 homes and businesses without power in three states , officials say .  `` it 's very pretty to look at , but it 's like , come on , enough already , '' woman says .  dozens of flights canceled early friday , with more likely .  parts of new york could get as much as a foot of snow ; storm is third to hit northeast in mont .
 20 tourists survive canadian arctic ice breakaway <sec> new : the 20 tourists have walked to safety after their ice floe drifted back toward land .  new : helicopters are standing by to take them to a base .  the group was trapped on a chunk of ice in the canadian arctic .  the tourists , including two americans , received air-dropped survival kits that included raft .
 novak djokovic suffers new setback in cincinnati <sec> top seed novak djokovic loses to tommy robredo in cincinnati .  second straight third round defeat for djokovic in masters 1000 events .  andy murray saves two match points before beating john isner .  serena williams into quarterfinals of women 's tournament in ohi .
 commentary : i was the 'queen of denial ' on autism <sec> didi conn says she tried to deny the seriousness of her son 's struggle with autism .  she says her son went through many different kinds of therapies .  eventually they found caring people who helped him progress , she say .
 anna nicole smith 's estate loses $ 300 million court fight <sec> new : `` lies ... have finally been put to rest , '' marshall family says .  deceased model said money was gift from oil tycoon husband .  she fought his son for more than a decade over fortune .  federal appeals court finds against her estat .
 firefighter finds his dying daughter in new hampshire crash <sec> report : firefighter did not know the dying woman he pulled from wreckage was his daughter .  katie hamilton died at age 30 ; she was a mother .  one vehicle rear-ended hers , pushing it into an oncoming car that hit her head on .  police say the driver who rear-ended her car may have been distracte .
 top 10 spookiest buildings around the world <sec> these 10 buildings around the world are guaranteed to send a shiver down your spine .  from the u.s. to china , several of the buildings have a morbid history .  the lemp mansion in st. louis is considered to be one of america 's most haunted house .
 clinton waffles on obamacare tax question <sec> clinton speaks to medical device industry leaders .  they want an end to tax that helps fund obamacare .  clinton does n't give definitive stance on issu .
 white house unveils compromise health care bill <sec> new : house gop leader : health care summit has `` all the makings of a democratic infomercial '' .  administration plan seeks to bridge gap between house , senate bills .  president obama 's plan does n't include public option .  plan would seek to block excessive rate hikes by health insurance companie .
 white u.s. population grows but drops in overall percentage <sec> the u.s. census bureau releases more figures from the 2010 survey .  hispanic increase fuels growth in the white population .  mixed-race populations increas .
 damaging winds , heavy rain pound midwest , move into southeast <sec> at least one death has been reported from the storm system .  two tornadoes were confirmed in kentucky .  several states have seen 2 to 5 inches of rain in past week , forecasters say .  an operator reports a complete dam failure along the chagrin river in ohi .
 'walking dead ' : family friendly version on the way <sec> `` the walking dead '' is going to be edited for broadcast standards .  it will air on the fox-owned syndication channel mynetworktv .  starting this fall , mynet will run two episodes a week from previously aired seasons .  this move will make a family friendly version of `` walking dead '' availabl .
 sandusky gets at least 30 years for child sex abuse <sec> sandusky will have to cover prosecution costs .  groups for abused people hail the sentence .  `` he took my childhood , '' a victim says .  sandusky was also designated as a sexually violent offende .
 former secretary of state alexander haig dies at 85 <sec> haig worked under presidents nixon , ford , reagan .  he was highly decorated soldier who served during korean and vietnam wars .  as secretary of state , haig wrongly declared `` i am in control here '' after reagan was shot .  he unsuccessfully sought the 1988 republican presidential nominatio .
 first defendant in new jersey execution-style killings gets life <sec> rodolfo godinez eligible for parole after 216 years .  jury convicts godinez on all 17 counts including murder , felony murder .  godinez was charged along with five other defendant .
 blair adviser : iraq intelligence was not 'sexed up ' <sec> alistair campbell managed the british government 's case for war in iraq .  campbell was blair 's powerful director of communications .  inquiry is most thorough investigation yet into the decisions that led to war .  pm gordon brown said committee would have access to full range of information about wa .
