 drogba confirms he is to leave chelsea <sec> chelsea striker didier drogba confirms he is to leave the english club in june .  ivory coast forward sealed chelsea 's first european champions league on saturday .  the 34-year-old has scored 157 goals in 341 appearances since joining in 2004 .  drogba has been linked with a move to china and says chelsea will remain in his hear .
 15 years later , victims , residents remember oklahoma city bombing <sec> new : homeland security chief joins survivors , local officials , others at memorial ceremony .  `` it felt like i 'd hit a car , '' said daniel gordon , 37 , who was about 7 miles from the blast .  teen , injured by bomb at 18 months old , goes on with life , rarely asks , `` why me ? '' .  two other victims share sense of destiny , aim to make a difference with their live .
 leading light in african human rights killed in buffalo crash <sec> alison des forges , top adviser for human rights watch 's africa division , killed .  spent years in rwanda , documented genocide , tried in vain to warn the world .  group calls her loss devastating blow to human rights activism and rwanda .  des forges wrote book on rwanda , was working on report on killings in cong .
 r.e.m . debuts song on 'ac 360° ' <sec> r.e.m . .  song `` until the day is done '' debuts on cnn .  song also to be used in documentary `` planet in peril '' .  song will be on r.e.m . .  's upcoming album .  band releasing live cd/dvd next wee .
 'no budget , no pay ' is no-brainer <sec> john avlon : most people who fail to do their jobs do n't get paid .  avlon : congress has n't passed a budget in nearly four years .  congress has passed a budget on time only four times in 30 years , he writes .  avlon : house gop backs bill that would dock lawmakers ' pay till budget is passe .
 ukraine crisis : nato suspends cooperation with moscow <sec> u.s. house gives final approval to bill to sanction russia , provide aid to ukraine .  it moves now to the president for his signature .  nato says it will suspend civilian and military cooperation with russia .  gazprom says the price ukraine pays for russian natural gas will increase , starting tuesda .
 eric holder 's 'fast and furious ' woe <sec> former cia director says `` fast and furious '' operation causing problems for ag eric holder .  he says the scrutiny is similar to the attention paid to cia covert operations .  hayden says holder was among those who failed to understand the need for risky operations .  he says holder now defends law enforcement `` heroes '' who `` deserve our nation 's thanks .
 obama announces private efforts to boost community colleges <sec> new : decline in u.s. college degrees is `` a huge waste '' and a `` threat , '' obama says .  new : bill and melinda gates foundation announce $ 34.8 million , five-year program .  new : aspen prize for community college excellence '' to fund $ 1 million award .  summit 's aim is to make sure community colleges match teaching with available job .
 fifa chief blatter 's twitter account hacked <sec> fifa president sepp blatter 's twitter account hacked .  hackers also write bogus messages on official twitter page for 2016 world cup .  a fake twitter account recently threatened to disclose confidential fifa documents .  blatter 's 15-year tenure as fifa president has divided opinio .
 armitstead wins first medal for hosts behind golden girl vos <sec> marianne vos of the netherlands wins women 's road race .  she outsprints lizzie armitstead of britain to take gold .  armitstead winning first medal of london games for hosts .  olga zabelinskaya of russia claims bronze meda .
 tornado survivor : words of love , then impact <sec> a powerful tornado struck the town of henryville in southern indiana .  wayne and lenora hunter recorded its approach march 2 .  she recalls their last words to each other moments before impact .  her husband was a retired er nurs .
 your most iconic dancer of the 20th century : margot fonteyn <sec> margot fonteyn is your most iconic dancer of the 20th century .  ken swift and suzanne farrell have also been voted in your top five .  in february , we want to know who you think is the greatest classical compose .
 germany thrash netherlands in international friendly <sec> germany beat the netherlands 3-0 in international friendly in hamburg .  spain score two late goals to rescue a 2-2 draw with costa rica .  england beat sweden 1-0 at wembley for second straight friendly win .  uruguay edge italy 1-0 in olympic stadium in rom .
 namibia : wildlife photographer 's paradise <sec> namibia was first african nation to write environmental conservation into constitution .  lion , leopard , elephant , rhino and other big game is regularly spotted in namibia .  more than 30 conservancy lodges dot the caprivi panhandle and north-central regions of namibi .
 travelers warned of risks as tunisia reels from attack <sec> gunmen killed 17 tourists and two others on wednesday at a museum in tunisia 's capital .  u.s. , uk and other foreign governments have issued travel warnings .  tourism numbers had been increasing in tunisia in recent years , following downturn after 2011 arab spring unres .
 opinion : if clarence thomas is n't 'elite , ' who is ? <sec> clarence thomas said black president had to be approved by `` elites and the media '' .  lz granderson says it 's part of longstanding effort by politicians to deny their own elite status .  he says thomas is clearly in the elite due to his role as supreme court justice .  politicians should be honest about gap between their lives , average americans ' , he say .
 lionel messi and dad pay spanish authorities $ 6.6 million in tax case <sec> lionel messi and his father pay $ 6.6 million after allegedly committing tax fraud .  it comes more than two months after messi paid $ 13 million for a different tax period .  the four-time world soccer player of the year is due to appear in court on september 17 .  messi has scored five league goals for barcelona this season in two game .
 alarm as dolls get breast implants in 'miss bimbo ' game <sec> young girls can buy their virtual dolls breast implants on miss bimbo web site .  girls compete to become the `` hottest , coolest , most famous bimbo '' .  site is popular among girls aged 7 to 17 years ol .
 you asked the expert : greenwashing <sec> scot case answers your questions on greenwashing .  has green become a new form of `` premium brand '' ? .  what green words and phrases should raise a red flag ? .  click here to read more answers to your question .
 is china 's corruption crackdown a disguise for political purge ? <sec> president xi jinping 's new administration has been targeting corrupt officials .  former rising star bo xilai has been the most high-profile case so far .  but some analysts wonder whether this drive is politically-motivated .  joseph cheng : `` xi 's anti-graft campaign is tied to economic reform .
 putin accuses u.s. of encouraging russia election protests <sec> clinton says the u.s. values its relationship with russia but is committed to democracy .  calls for russia 's parliamentary elections to be re-run will go unheeded , an analyst says .  putin says secretary clinton 's words sent a signal to opposition leaders .  more than 20,000 people have signed up via facebook for a protest in moscow this saturda .
 verizon to relaunch its android app store <sec> verizon is set to announce a new android app store .  the new store , called verizon apps , will replace the old v cast apps .  verizon plans to promise third-party developers that it will promote their app .
 red cross : somalia facing severe famine <sec> icrc : somalia facing life-threatening food , water shortages leaving millions at risk .  winds are leaving crops as dry as the landscape , preventing harvests .  continual armed conflicts in central and south somalia have aggravated the situation .  high inflation on food and fuel have also exacerbated the situatio .
 analysis : americans wary about war in afghanistan <sec> americans almost evenly divided on opinion of afghanistan war , poll shows .  president obama says goal is to `` disrupt , dismantle and defeat al qaeda '' .  50 percent believe the united states is winning in iraq , poll shows .  americans wary about afghanistan because of recession and iraq , schneider say .
 stimulus jobs coming to oklahoma roads <sec> oklahoma to use $ 380 million of stimulus money for road projects .  proposed retail development in illinois would mean thousands of jobs .  call center has 300 vacancies to be filled in next few months .  truck-driving academy offers path to jobs in six week .
 irish newspaper publishes topless royal photos <sec> new : owners of the irish daily star `` profoundly dismayed '' by its publication of images .  palace : `` there can be no motivation for this action other than greed '' .  editor of the irish daily star says catherine is no different to any other celebrity .  italy 's chi magazine will run a 26-page special with the topless photos , publisher say .
 data recorders found after denver plane accident <sec> flight data recorder , cockpit voice recorder recovered .  five passengers still hospitalized after jet incident .  continental jet veers off runway while attempting to take off from denver airport .  jet caught fire , skidded into ravine 200 yards from runwa .
 carly fiorina hires republican party spokeswoman - cnnpolitics.com <sec> former hewlett-packard ceo carly fiorina hired a new spokeswoman for her pac .  some see this as a sign of a step closer toward a 2016 presidential bi .
 smart regulation can foster next boom <sec> michael mandel : even in recession , people spending more on digital communications .  policy should stoke jobs and spending engine of communications , mandel writes .  he says fcc regulations under consideration could slow growth .  need regulatory policy that allows growth but could clamp down if needed , he say .
 hilton agrees to improve facilities for the disabled <sec> u.s. justice department announces the agreement .  hotels built since the 1993 passage of the americans with disabilities act are covered .  the accusations include a failure to provide enough disabled-accessible room .
 voice actors seek more recognition <sec> voice actors are treated as big celebrities at events like comic-con , but less so otherwise .  the new documentary `` i know that voice '' sets out to acknowledge the work .  john dimaggio ( 'futurama ' ) laments the rise in big stars doing voices .  still , there 's plenty of work to go around , dimaggio say .
 kenya military : al-shabaab militants killed in strike on somali camp <sec> at least 30 militants are killed in an airstrike on an al-shabaab training camp , kenya 's military says .  among those killed are `` key commanders , '' kenyan military says .  the raid targeted the camp in the western gedo region as militants were meeting , the military says .  al-shabaab , which is linked to al qaeda , was behind a deadly attack on a kenyan mall last yea .
 nato apologizes for afghan airstrike that it says killed 9 civilians <sec> new : an isaf commander offers his `` sincere apologies , '' vows compensation .  new : he says the strike hit a building where insurgents -- and civilians -- were .  afghanistan 's president warns the u.s. military and government `` for the last time '' .  helmand province has been the scene of intense fighting this mont .
 cricket extravaganza poised to begin after lavish opening ceremony <sec> lavish ceremony officially opens 2011 cricket world cup in dhaka .  bangladesh , sri lanka and india will host the tournament .  the six-week competition is due to stage a total of 49 games .  australia aiming for fourth straight world cup succes .
 forces in afghanistan told to limit nighttime raids <sec> u.s. official : directive pertains to coalition forces ' raids on afghan homes , compounds .  coalition trying to lower tension between military and civilians , keep afghan public support .  raids seen as violation of privacy of afghan homes , and they can turn violent .  new rules are said to call for use of afghan troops , analysis of whether night raid is essentia .
 yaya toure unsure over manchester city future <sec> toure says 'we 'll see ' when asked if he expects to still be at manchester city next season .  midfielder relives the horror of hearing of the death of his brother ibrahim at the world cup .  toure 's sights are now set on winning the african cup of nations with ivory coas .
 where the sidewalk ends , chalk art begins <sec> sixteenth-century italian artists did street artwork as a tribute to madonna .  a chalk art festival has categories for copyists , free artists and 3-d artists .  every patch and crack is important when the asphalt is your canva .
 jerry sandusky 's son arrested on dui charge <sec> jon sandusky was arrested on tuesday .  his father , jerry sandusky , was convicted of dozens of counts of child sex abuse .  jon sandusky works for the cleveland brown .
 borders closing over ebola fears <sec> nigerian officials report two new cases , bringing total in that country to 14 .  senegal has closed its borders with guinea over fears about the ebola outbreak .  so far , 2,473 suspected ebola cases haven been reported to who .  ebola outbreak has been vastly underestimated , who say .
 ten cate fired by panathinaikos <sec> coach henk ten cate sacked by greek giants panathinaikos .  panathinaikos second in greek league to arch rivals olympiakos .  ten cate was formerly assistant coach at chelsea and barcelona .  catania appoint sinisia mihajlovic as coach in place of gianluca atzor .
 election 2016 : fmr . amb . surprised at clinton private emails - cnnpolitics.com <sec> fmr . .  ambassador forced to resign in 2012 amidst criticism over personal email use at the state department . .  claims accusations against him unwarranted . .  he took issue with state dept . .  security protocol because they used the same firewall as gmail . .  although his experience was somewhat different than hillary clinton 's , he was `` was very surprised to learn of the double standard . .
 daughter of severely beaten driver says he 's breathing on his own <sec> steven utash , 54 , appears to be recovering from beating , daughter says .  utash was attacked after he accidentally hit a boy with his car .  five suspects ranging in age from 16 to 30 have been charge .
 egypt on day 16 : where are we now ? <sec> announcement that hosni mubarak will not step down renews rage on the street .  observers , protesters say government concessions aimed at dividing protesters .  washington expresses frustration , demands `` immediate , irreversible progress '' in situation .  perceived leadership void being filled by muslim brotherhood , jailed google executiv .
 gary coleman 's ashes kept locked up during battle of wills <sec> no funeral for coleman until will dispute is resolved .  coleman asked to be cremated .  2005 will calls for no funeral .  decision on who gets his estate is months awa .
 pilot error blamed for deadly u.n. helicopter crash <sec> pilot error caused u.n. helicopter crash killing 10 people , probe finds .  crew did not consult weather forecast nor plan a route before taking off .  air crew comprised of two russians and one belarussia .
 officials : fatal boston blaze was unintentional , caused by welding <sec> a wind-fueled fire that killed two boston firefighters was unintentional , fire officials say .  prosecutors have yet to determine criminal culpability ; welders did not have permit .  the blaze killed lt. edward walsh , 43 , and firefighter michael kennedy , 33 .  thirteen other firefighters were injure .
 iraqi president not expected to seek re-election <sec> iraq president jalal talabani says he will likely not seek re-election .  talabani , 75 , has been president since april 2005 .  talabani , a kurd , played role in maintaining the country 's ethnic balanc .
 motivation guru zig ziglar dies at 86 <sec> self-described `` undisputed king of motivation '' was known for his seminars .  he wrote more than two dozen books on salesmanship and motivation .  `` failure is a detour , not a dead-end street '' is one of many famous ziglar quote .
 feds investigate l.a. sheriff 's office for civil rights violations <sec> the justice department is looking into an alleged `` pattern ... of discrimination '' .  two sheriff stations are being investigated , in the cities of lancaster and palmdale .  deputies allegedly sought to identify public housing residents during routine traffic stops .  the two cities have seen explosive growth among latinos and african-american .
 when will america wake up to gun violence ? <sec> a gunman went on a shooting rampage in a movie theater in colorado .  john j. donohue : our gun policy is made by the nra .  look to australia in formulating an effective gun control policy , he says .  donohue : the question is , will our country ever unify against gun violenc .
 opinion : did we really learn the lesson of the march on washington ? <sec> julian zelizer : americans bewail the failure of congress to move on major issues .  he says the march on washington showed how citizen protest can result in change .  civil rights protesters were able to highlight injustice and to obtain remedies , he says .  zelizer : we should keep the march in mind when we think of today 's washington gridloc .
 where is monica lewinsky ? <sec> nearly 20 years later , lewinsky scandal has become fodder for hillary clinton 's political foes .  sen. rand paul of kentucky has invoked lewinsky and bill clinton 's affair .  lewinsky has remained out of the spotlight since 200 .
 a real 'fault in our stars ' couple <sec> katie and dalton met as patients dealing with cystic fibrosis .  two years later , they were married .  dalton received a lung transplant , but katie is still waitin .
 confessions of a movie stuntman <sec> stuntman monte perlin has broken `` almost everything '' in his 25-year career .  his films include `` spider-man , '' `` star trek , `` terminator 3 : rise of the machines '' .  one motorbike stunt involved jumping 70 feet at 60 mph into open car of moving train .  remotely controlled , burning ambulance flipped and barely missed hi .
 my view : technology and engineering , the forgotten part of stem education <sec> matt walton is a technology and engineering education teacher in virginia .  he says that science and math often get more attention than technology and engineering .  he argues that it 's vital to the nation to not overlook the `` t & e '' in stem educatio .
 with 'sonic generations , ' sega races back to its roots <sec> sega is looking to revive its flagship franchise with `` sonic generations '' .  sega has not released a stellar sonic game in about a decade .  `` sonic generations '' celebrates the series ' 20th anniversar .
 china sees culture as a crucial battleground <sec> 'hostile forces ' are trying to 'westernize ' china , the president says in an essay .  the warning comes as the authorities restrict entertainment shows on tv .  the authorities are worried that 'propaganda is no longer working , ' an analyst says .  despite a quota , western films are likely to top the chinese box office for 201 .
 fake applicants got obamacare subsidies , watchdog says - cnnpolitics.com <sec> government accountability office set up fictitious applicants for health care plans .  eleven people were able to obtained subsidized insurance coverage under obamacare .  the matter came before congress at a hearing on wednesda .
 rugby sevens fans pay tribute to all blacks great jonah lomu <sec> jonah lomu is one of new zealand 's prodigal rugby sons .  now retired , he was an ambassador at wellington sevens tournament .  fans pay tribute to former all blacks legend , who had a kidney transplant .  lomu presents winners ' trophy to new zealand sevens captain d.j . .  forbe .
 through hazy memories , woodstock still captivates <sec> as woodstock celebrates 40 years , the music festival still looms large .  memories of the event are distorted by media coverage , movies , some say .  `` it took 10 years to realize you were part of history , '' said lenny eisenberg .  ireport.com : were you at woodstock ? .  share your memories , photo .
 saudi diplomat shot dead in bangladesh <sec> authorities say khalaf al ali , 45 , was shot about 1 a.m. tuesday and died about 5 p.m . .  crime occurred in dhaka 's highly secured gulshan diplomatic zone at ali 's rented apartment .  guard at the home said ali went for his usual walk and was attacked when he returned .  dhaka metropolitan police say no motive has been foun .
 'pitch perfect ' sequel coming in 2015 <sec> universal is planning a 'pitch perfect ' sequel .  it 's expected to arrive sometime in 2015 .  the news is n't surprising , considering the film 's $ 112 million worldwide gros .
 kurt cobain documentary to arrive in 2015 <sec> hbo to air kurt cobain documentary in 2015 .  cobain 's daughter , frances bean , will executive produce .  brett morgen is the writer , director and produce .
 european tour announces cancellation of andalucia masters <sec> the european tour announce the cancellation of the andalucia masters .  the spanish event has been on the tour calendar since 1988 .  the valderrama course hosted the ryder cup in 1997 , when europe beat the u.s . .  europe will defend the ryder cup against the u.s. at medinah this mont .
