 spain 's reign continues as under-21s win european crown <sec> spain 's under-21 team beat switzerland 2-0 in european championship final .  it was spain 's third triumph at the two-yearly event and first since 1998 .  the country also won the 2008 senior tournament and the 2010 fifa world .  belarus beat czech republic 1-0 in third-place playoff to qualify for 2012 olympic .
 details emerge on gun control proposal coming wednesday <sec> new : assault weapons ban , universal background checks are part of plan , says official .  new : so is a ban on magazines with more than 10 rounds , the official says .  moves are a response to the december massacre at a connecticut schoo .
 fidel castro meets with 5 cuban agents freed from u.s . <sec> pictures released monday show fidel castro meeting with five cuban intelligence agents .  the agents were jailed in the united states for many year .
 fort hood shooting suspect faces military hearing on charges <sec> new : fiance of wounded soldier says families of victims band together .  nidal hasan is charged with 13 murder counts .  the article 32 hearing starting tuesday could last a month .  the hearing will determine if hasan gets court-martiale .
 from jewish football to jihad : german isis suspect faces jail <sec> kreshnik berisha arrested in germany for links with isis .  berisha used to play for a jewish football team in frankfurt .  club and community shocked by events .  sentence expected to be handed down next mont .
 trains in the sky : the future of transport is vertical <sec> a futuristic proposal flips the traditional designs of today 's major train stations vertically .  the vertical hyper-speed train hub wants to cut the footprint of rail terminals by 2075 .  the proposal won an honorable mention in 2014 's evolo skyscraper competitio .
 veteran watson relishes return to u.s. ryder cup captaincy <sec> tom watson named as united states ' ryder cup captain for 2014 event in scotland .  63-year-old is the oldest u.s. captain in ryder cup history .  sam snead held the previous record when captaining the u.s. at the age of 57 in 196 .
 britain 's legacy in iraq : basra <sec> in 2003 about 46,000 british troops were stationed in and around iraq .  british forces leave iraq with 179 dead .  stationed in southern city of basra , iraq 's second largest cit .
 scott weiland : i 'm not in jail <sec> the rocker is not in jail .  a weiland imposter has been locked up since july 26 .  tmz said police insisted they had weilan .
 15 state flowers to grow anywhere <sec> the state flower designations date back to the 1893 chicago world 's fair .  legislators consulted botanists and even school children to make selections .  the rose is the most popular floral emblem nationwide and it 's the national flower of the u.s.a .
 malala , pakistani teen shot by taliban , leaves hospital after stunning recovery <sec> 15-year-old pakistani advocate for girls ' education rights leaves british hospital .  taliban gunmen shot malala yousufzai in the head and neck on october 9 .  she can speak and walk , and will now undergo rehabilitation , doctors say .  after her shooting , the taliban vowed that if she survived , they would come after her agai .
 gefilte fish ingredients for passover in short supply <sec> cold temperatures are to blame for limited supply of freshwater fish .  some passover hosts may not have any gefilte fish on the tabl .
 9 german-style christmas markets in north america <sec> germany hosts world-famous christmas markets , but you can find them in north america .  markets often sell ornaments , traditional german fare and mulled wine .  chicago , denver and baltimore are among the u.s. cities that host market .
 obama takes tough questions from house gop <sec> new : house minority leader john boehner says the day `` went very well '' .  president obama says stimulus plan saved jobs in gop districts .  obama says some republicans acted as if health care plan was `` some bolshevik plot '' .  obama says democrats , republicans both are to blame for `` sour climate '' on capitol hil .
 jeb bush steps down from another board <sec> jeb bush is stepping down from forestry company rayonier .  it 's the third company he has recently cut ties with .  bush says he is `` actively exploring '' a presidential bi .
 doomsday clock pushed back 1 minute <sec> clock is now set at six minutes to midnight , chicago-based group says .  midnight represents a nuclear apocalypse .  doomsday clock had been adjusted only 18 times before thursday .  farthest was 17 minutes after the signing of the strategic arms reduction treat .
 closing arguments expected in bradley manning case <sec> manning 's defense calls only two witnesses .  a witness tells the hearing about a manning outburst .  the hearing is part of a process of determining whether manning should face court martia .
 experts : twitter account case may blaze new trails in social media law <sec> phonedog , ex-employee argue about ownership of twitter account he used .  company says noah kravitz was `` given use of '' account ; he says he set it up himself .  damages of $ 340,000 based on $ 2.50 monthly value of each follower , lawsuit claims .  legal experts : case could set precedents in social media account ownershi .
 bayern munich to face real madrid , atletico to meet chelsea <sec> real madrid and bayern munich paired together in the european champions league semifinals .  atletico madrid and chelsea to meet in the other last four tie .  bayern looking to become the first team to defend the champions league title .  the final will take place in the portuguese capital of lisbon on may 2 .
 barcelona , atletico fail to match real madrid 's record <sec> barcelona and atletico madrid fail to equal real madrid 's record start to season .  real three points behind leader barca ahead of next weekend 's `` clasico '' clash .  bayern munich extends unbeaten run in bundesliga ; dortmund also wins .  ac milan picks up needed win ; psg moves clear at top of france 's ligue .
 afghan car bomb kills 14 children <sec> suicide car bomb in southeastern afghanistan kills 16 , including 14 children .  taliban says it carried out attack near voter registration site .  rocket attack in kabul also killed three teenage sister .
 opinion : 'nuclear option ' makes gop do its job <sec> with `` nuclear option , '' judicial nominees can be confirmed with a simple majority vote .  sally kohn : this will keep gop from using a procedure to block president 's appointments .  kohn : gop made government virtually dysfunctional , blocked obama at every turn .  this will hold republicans ' feet to the fire to do their constitutional duty , she say .
 afghan lawmakers reject most of karzai 's cabinet picks <sec> afghan parliament hands president another political setback .  nominees for seven cabinet posts approved , but 10 rejected .  president hamid karzai under pressure to clean up widespread corruption .  fourteen militants , three international troops killed in fightin .
 fun and sick facts about u.s. open <sec> olin dutra won the 1934 u.s. open while suffering from amoebic dysentery .  in 1898 j.d . .  tucker shot a 157 in his opening round .  despite being called the u.s. open , most early winners were britis .
 arson or accident ? fbi , atf investigate fuel depot fire in puerto rico <sec> blaze started with massive explosion early friday .  graffiti found in two san juan tunnels made reference to fires .  puerto rico to receive fuel imports to make up for what burne .
 annie lennox : singing with all her heart <sec> sold over 80 million records in career that has spanned four decades .  found success first with eurythmics , british band founded with dave stewart .  lennox set up sing charity to combat hiv and aids in afric .
 soldier 's afghan strategy : one village elder at a time <sec> winning civilians ' trust is the key to the counterinsurgency , says one army lieutenant .  lt. jarrin jackson says that when he visits a new village , he first tries to meet its elder .  jackson says `` trying '' gets across in any culture , even if you 're part of a foreign arm .
 former colleague shocked that holmes is theater shooting suspect <sec> james holmes worked well with kids at a summer camp , a one-time co-worker says .  `` once i saw it was him , i was shocked , '' gabriel menchaca says .  the suspect 's `` guttural , freakish '' message alarmed gun range manager .  holmes was a doctoral student in neuroscienc .
 wall street protests mix with anti-war demonstrators <sec> new : ny police commissioner : police overtime has cost $ 1.9 million so far .  wall street protests blend with war demonstrations in new york and d.c . .  crowds gather austin , minneapolis , seattle and atlanta .  friday marked the 21st day of the grass-roots protest .
 crash survivor 's mother : 'miraculous ' <sec> new : girl , 13 , was disoriented when found under wing , mother says .  new : lack of major injuries `` seems incredible , '' mother says .  new : rescuers carried girl 3.5 hours over mountains in heavy rain .  girl was only survivor in panama crash that killed thre .
 olbermann tells letterman he `` screwed up '' on current tv deal <sec> keith olbermann says , `` i screwed up , '' referring to his short stint at current tv .  the left-wing news personality hits current tv 's founders and promises legal action .  current 's `` values '' were `` no longer reflected '' in its tie with olbermann , its founders say .  eliot spitzer is launching a new show in olbermann 's 8 p.m. slo .
 how to avoid a major championship choke <sec> work on mental preparation has become a vital part of golf in recent times .  dr. bob rotella has coached some of the game 's biggest stars .  rotella 's mantra to his players is `` you 're unstoppable if you 're unflappable '' .  he has worked with major champions rory mcilroy and keegan bradle .
 kim jong un 's voting companion sparks interest <sec> north korean leader kim jong un won his first parliamentary election with 100 % of the vote .  who kim chose to cast his vote with has sparked interest .  kim was accompanied to a polling station by his younger sister , kim yo jong .  her presence was politically significant , the international crisis group told cn .
 shrien dewani : south african judge throws out charges <sec> shrien dewani was accused of orchestrating the killing of his wife in cape town .  judge jeanette traverso called the state 's case `` weak '' .  a taxi driver and two other men have been convicted of the 2010 murde .
 5 terror suspects arrested in indonesia <sec> police say the suspects were training at a militant camp in aceh .  the suspects were planning attacks similar to the 2008 mumbai , india terror attacks .  the suspects may be connected to at least two terror groups , police sa .
 no ruling yet on 911 calls in zimmerman case <sec> george zimmerman trial starts monday in florida .  judge considering evidence from 911 calls .  audio experts testify about quality of recording .
 georgia to execute its 1st female prisoner in 70 years <sec> kelly gissendaner was sentenced to death for a murder plot targeting her husband .  her lover at the time committed the murder , then confessed and implicated gissendaner .  gissendaner has requested burgers , fries , popcorn , salad and ice cream for last mea .
 what the karachi airport attack says about the pakistani taliban <sec> airport attack was not pakistan 's first security lapse .  military has taken the lead in responding to the strike .  pakistan 's government has struggled to negotiate with taliban .  ttp used recent terror incidents to show cohesion , despite major faction spli .
 united accept record $ 130m offer for ronaldo <sec> real madrid given permission to talk with cristiano ronaldo after record offer .  spanish club offer a world-record $ 130 million for manchester united winger .  the world player of the year is expected to conclude his transfer by june 30 .  real have been seeking to sign the portugal international for the last two year .
 yankee stadium bans the ipad <sec> the ipad falls under the stadium 's `` no laptops '' security policy .  patrons wo n't be able to enter the ballpark with an ipad in their possession .  wi-fi is available throughout yankee stadiu .
 for mh370 families , no end to grief and hope <sec> chinese mother of son on missing plane still believes he will come home .  many families say their loved ones are still alive .  psychologist : it 's understandable they cling on to this hop .
 lawyer for ex-miss california usa threatens to sue pageant director <sec> new : pagaent director responds , `` facts are facts , and we stand by them '' .  attorney charles limandri pens ultimatum to miss california usa director 's lawyer .  carrie prejean 's lawyer says dethronement caused `` severe emotional distress '' .  `` please view this letter as a last opportunity '' to retract statements , limandri write .
 canadian pastor reported missing after trip to n. korea <sec> canadian pastor is reported missing by his family after a trip to north korea .  hyeon soo lim , 60 , speaks korean fluently and has visited north korea numerous times .  tour groups : north korea is easing its ebola polic .
 hackers claim breach of tony blair 's personal details <sec> spokesman for tony blair 's office denies the systems of former pm have been hacked .  he says the details seem to be from the personal email account of a former staff member .  document appears to give personal details for blair and address details for personal contacts .  member of hacker group team poison says the information was obtained in decembe .
 poll : economy still looms large over christmas <sec> state of economy playing big role in how americans will celebrate holiday .  more than a third report that economy will make christmas holiday more stressful .  nearly two thirds said they had to cut back on their holiday donations .  only 6 % of americans said they will not be celebrating christma .
 tiger woods : lindsey vonn revelation 'thwarted stalkerazzi ' <sec> tiger woods says he revealed romance with lindsey vonn to limit paparazzi focus .  world 's no . .  2 golfer and former skiing world champion confirmed their relationship monday .  woods aiming to reclaim world no . .  1 ranking with victory at arnold palmer invitational .  the 37-year-old says he is proud of the way he fought back towards top rankin .
 bob arum : end posturing and make pacquiao v mayweather happen <sec> boxing promoter bob arum says it is time to make manny pacquiao v floyd mayweather happen .  pacquiao 's promoter says egos must be laid aside if and when discussions begin .  arum says there is still a huge appetite for the bout despite both having gone past career heights .  top rank ceo also defends pacquiao 's tax affairs over claims he owes $ 50 million in unpaid ta .
 michigan militia members acquitted of conspiracy ; leader faces lesser charges <sec> nine members of the hutaree militia were arrested in 2010 .  federal authorities charged they were conspiring to use weapons of mass destruction .  this week , a judge dropped the most serious charges .  a trial resumes thursday with two of the nine facing weapons charge .
 judge at center of racist e-mail about obama to semi-retire <sec> judge richard cebull has apologized for forwarding the e-mail .  civil rights groups had demanded his immediate resignation .  `` to say it 's inappropriate and stupid is an extreme understatement , '' cebull said .  he says he forwarded it not out of racist motives but out of political one .
 review : soundgarden 's 'king animal ' <sec> `` been away too long '' is the lead single from the first soundgarden album since 1996 .  the band 's sound manages to be as ageless as it is anachronistic .  the album follows their root sound down all kinds of mossy path .
 another child dies after mexico day care fire <sec> new : three officials from supervisory agency dismissed .  death toll in mexico day care center fire rises to 45 , officials say .  fire tore through building in sonora state on june 5 .  fire started in air-conditioning unit in adjacent warehouse , officials sa .
 woman suspected of witchcraft burned alive <sec> woman suspected to be witch in papua new guinea burned alive .  death adds to growing list of people accused of sorcery tortured or killed .  victims are often scapegoats for someone else 's unexplained deat .
 san francisco 49ers chief open to michael sam signing <sec> all eyes on michael sam ahead of may 's nfl draft .  the former missouri tigers defensive end came out in february .  san francisco 49ers owner john york says sam 's sexuality is not an issue .  if drafted , sam will become first active nfl player to have declared his homosexualit .
 elizabeth vargas returns to rehab <sec> vargas decided to seek treatment while on vacation .  she first entered a facility in november .  abc released a statement in support of her recover .
 opinion : african leaders , send girls to school <sec> angelique kidjo : over 200 schoolgirls abducted in nigeria are still missing .  kidjo : what does n't make headlines is the fact that many children never get education .  she says african governments must commit to the idea of bringing girls back to school .  kidjo : going to school is perhaps the most indispensable yet reachable luxury for man .
 justice ginsburg to undergo 'precautionary ' chemotherapy <sec> supreme court justice , 76 , will receive chemotherapy treatments .  doctors removed small tumor from her pancreas in february .  ruth bader ginsburg consistently signals her health outlook is good .  retired justice sandra day o'connor gave ginsburg advice on chemotherap .
 gop ad slams democrat ... and 14 gop senators ? <sec> gop ad : `` michelle nunn proudly supports obama 's amnesty plan for illegal immigrants '' .  the problem ? .  the ad is referring to an immigration bill supported by 14 republicans .  that bill was pushed to the senate floor thanks in big part to republican sen. marco rubi .
 nancy pelosi on why chuck schumer is wrong <sec> sen. chuck schumer of new york has questioned democrats ' timing in passing health reform .  rep. nancy pelosi counters that democrats also focused on the economy .  pelosi to cnn : `` we come here to do a job , not keep a job .
 opinion : hillary clinton , money changes everything <sec> hillary clinton said she pays ordinary income tax and made money through hard work .  carol costello says when the clintons are worth $ 100 million , it 's hard for americans to relate .  costello : it 's rare for wealthy politicians to admit they are n't in touch with middle class .  rich politicians need to concede that `` money changes everything , '' costello say .
 france : strike disruption less than expected <sec> new : french unions say 2.5 million protested government handling of economy .  new : government puts figure at about 1 million .  hospital and postal workers , air traffic controllers among those striking .  in paris , most metro subway lines operating ; buses , trains operating normall .
 most googled destinations in 2013 <sec> google 's year-in-review zeitgeist list reveals most searched and trending destinations by country .  mexico topped u.s. searches for destination wedding locations .  local search info has most value for traveler .
 spike lee slams the jason collins hate machine <sec> jason collins is first openly gay athlete playing in a major u.s. team sport .  spike lee responds to one critic : `` you are ignorant '' .  bill and chelsea clinton among those to congratulate collin .
 do n't be nosy about fast and furious <sec> lz granderson : in things like national security , the public does n't need to know the details .  granderson : fast and furious scandal is n't the first secret sting from the government .  he says our government sometimes gets its hands dirty in order to achieve a broader goal .  granderson : maybe it 's better for us not to be so nosy about these kinds of operation .
 ireland battens down ahead of queen 's visit <sec> 6,000 police officers and military troops deployed in dublin .  anti-aircraft guns , military planes at the ready .  record security operation expected to cost 30 million euro .
