 coming up on mainsail <sec> america 's cup winners explain how a revolutionary wing sail gave them the edge .  shirley takes to the skies in a glider to see this new innovation in action .  shirley speaks to paul larsen , the speed record fanatic with a new wild idea .  in dubai , shirley takes to the water to experience hydrofoil sailin .
 officials : ferguson police chief expected to step down <sec> asked whether there 's a plan for police chief to step down , ferguson mayor says no .  jackson has faced criticism over his department 's handling of the michael brown case .  he apologized last month but said he would not resig .
 police : road rage led to fatal shooting , charges for n.j. detective <sec> joseph walker , a new jersey detective , is charged with second-degree murder .  maryland state police say he fatally shot driver joseph harvey jr. , after an altercation .  walker 's wife , kids were with him during the apparent road-rage incident , police sa .
 father of malaysia airlines flight 370 passenger waits and wonders <sec> a father in malaysia waits for news of his son who boarded the missing malaysian plane .  puspanahtan subramaniam , 34 , is an it specialist who was going to beijing .  his two young children did n't want their father to leave , his father say .
 after decades , nbc scraps thursday comedies <sec> nbc announces that thursday comedies will be replaced by drama in the new year .  `` the blacklist '' will be the centerpiece of the new lineup .  thursday has been the home to hit nbc comedies for over three decade .
 pilot rescued after u.s. jet crash in japan <sec> new : the cause of the incident will be investigated .  the f-16 crashes about 200 miles northeast of hokkaido island .  the pilot is the sole person aboard , military officials sa .
 a 'female obama ' seeks california attorney general post <sec> kamala harris , 46 , seek to be the first black woman attorney general in california .  her mother was from india and her father is from jamaica .  she 's now the san francisco district attorney .  her opponent is the los angeles district attorney , steve coole .
 americans urged to live mlk 's ideals at memorial dedication <sec> new : obama : `` we 've got to keep pushing for what ought to be '' .  king 's children urge that his ideals and values be remembered .  speakers at the ceremony urge the pursuit of economic justice .  celebrated writer maya angelou says king has been edited to make him seem arrogan .
 'the voice ' winner sets a new trend <sec> `` the voice '' crowned josh kaufman as the winner of season 6 .  he beat out christina grimmie and jake worthington .  kaufman 's win was the first for team ushe .
 what if 'harry met sally ' in real life ? <sec> a new york based collective has created a series called `` movies in real life '' .  the series re-creates a famous movie scene .  recently , the group performed the famous fake orgasm scene from `` when harry met sally .
 bet hip hop awards : drake wins best album <sec> the 2014 bet hip hop awards aired tuesday .  drake and kendrick lamar each earned two honors .  dj mustard was the biggest winner of the night with fou .
 neymar stunner helps brazil beat japan <sec> neymar 's half-volley gave brazil the early lead against japan in the confederations cup .  paulinho and jo scored in the second half to complete the 3-0 win in group a .  the win came amid protests across brazil about a hike public transportation costs .  spain plays uruguay and mexico faces italy as the tournament continues sunda .
 remember 'the great raid ' of 1945 ( opinion ) <sec> it 's been 70 years since a daring raid freed more than 500 pows in world war ii .  val lauder : january 30 should be remembered for this moment in histor .
 benghazi hit by blast on anniversary of u.s. consulate attack <sec> official says the powerful explosion was caused by a car bomb -- state media .  the blast hit central benghazi on the anniversary of the attack on the u.s. consulate .  the explosion damaged a foreign ministry building and a bank branch , a witness says .  the central bank of libya says one of its security guards was slightly injure .
 condé nast traveler announces 2014 hotel 'hot list ' <sec> condé nast traveler says this year 's list of 33 new hotels is its most selective yet .  categories include beach , family , food , bargain , design and `` way-out-there '' .  editors tried out 510 hotels from 400 cities to narrow the lis .
 skier fredrik ericsson dies in accident on k2 <sec> new : skier 's body will not be recovered .  incident occurred as ericsson approached summit .  he `` was unable to arrest his fall '' .  ericsson was trying to reach top of k .
 robbery victim shot by new york police in apparent accident <sec> man fleeing thieves collides with officer responding to scene .  police commissioner said the two men 'became entangled ' and officer 's gun went off .  shooting believed to be an accident .  new york police involved in two high profile shootings last mont .
 as hostilities flare in crimea , u.s. steps up pressure on russia <sec> new : john kerry tells russia its continued escalation `` would close ... space for diplomacy '' .  obama rounds up world leaders to demand russia `` de-escalate '' crisis .  russian troops seized a crimean border control point , ukraine border service says .  amid disturbances , poland evacuates its consulate in sevastopol , crime .
 review : 'the lincoln lawyer ' is fun on paper but generic on screen <sec> matthew mcconaughey plays a criminal defense attorney in the movie adaptation of `` the lincoln lawyer '' .  ryan phillippe plays the son of a rich family who 's been charged with attempted rape and murder .  the plot makes for good reading , but not automatically compelling moviegoin .
 suspect in kentucky high school shooting in custody <sec> one student suffered an injury that was not life-threatening , spokeswoman says .  the shooting took place tuesday at fern creek high school in louisville .  both the high school and an area elementary school were on lockdow .
 would a surgeon general help in ebola response ? - cnnpolitics.com <sec> dr. vivek murthy has been awaiting confirmation to be the next surgeon general since last fall . .  rear admiral boris lushniak is the acting surgeon general . .  one author said the position was stripped of its real power in the 1970s . .  that same author says the most successful surgeon generals have been those that can speak out .
 fertile territory for al shabaab in chaos of somalia <sec> militant islamist group has al qaeda connections and some control of southern somalia .  al shabaab emerged in 2004 and grew when islamic courts union seized mogadishu .  organizational ties between group and al qaeda `` central '' are thought to be weak .  some fear that under pressure , al shabaab will launch attacks in kenya and elsewher .
 'the hordes are coming ' : ukrainians fear russian invasion in northeast <sec> tens of thousands of russian troops amass on border with eastern ukraine .  band of overmatched ukrainian volunteers has vowed to fight any russian advance .  moscow insists it is only conducting military drills , but has pledged to protect ethnic russian .
 sci-fi legend ray bradbury dies <sec> `` i started writing every day . .  i never stopped , '' bradbury once said .  the writer `` died peacefully ... in los angeles , after a lengthy illness , '' his publisher says .  bradbury `` inspired generations of readers to dream , think and create , '' harpercollins says .  his stories predicted atms and live car chase broadcast .
 bush : 'no problems ' defending expanded immigration <sec> former florida gov . .  jeb bush says he 'd have `` no problems '' defending his call for `` young , aspirational people '' to legally immigrate to the united states .  his comments came the day he announced on social media that he will `` actively explore '' a run for president in 201 .
 supermodel 's war crimes testimony could be delayed <sec> naomi campbell is due to testify in the trial of liberian ex-president charles taylor .  witnesses say taylor gave campbell a diamond .  campbell had to be ordered to testify .  taylor is accused of crimes during a civil war in sierra leon .
 commentary : let elton john and his partner adopt <sec> joy behar : elton john , partner mulled adopting 14-month-old boy .  she says ukrainian officials were wrong to reject idea of adoption .  she says their real objection seemed to be to a gay couple adopting a child .  behar : experts say there 's no downside to gay adoptio .
 aquino 's son to bid for philippines presidency <sec> philippines sen. benigno `` noynoy '' aquino iii announces he will run for president .  he is the only son of former president corazon aquino , who died on august 1 .  he said he would continue the fight started by his parents to promote democracy .  president gloria macapagal arroyo 's term ends in 201 .
 gunman in alabama slayings was briefly a police officer <sec> new : officials say suspect was depressed about job issues .  police say gunman `` fired in excess of 200 rounds '' during the assaults .  shooter trained briefly at state police academy but `` did n't last , '' officials say .  police say michael mclendon killed his mom , grandparents , aunt , uncl .
 u.n. chief accuses belarus of violating ivory coast arms embargo <sec> new : a u.n. team sent to investigate the possible breach of sanctions is fired upon .  a spokesman for the government of belarus denies breaking the embargo .  the secretary-general is pushing for an urgent meeting of the u.n. security council .  a spokesman for ban ki-moon says the first helicopter reportedly arrived sunda .
 study : average preemie costs $ 49,000 in first year <sec> by definition , a premature baby is born before the 37th week of pregnancy .  premature babies cost the u.s. at least $ 26 billion each year .  there are risk factors , but not all premature births can be prevented .  in tough economic times , pregnant women should not cut back on health car .
 attack targets polio workers in pakistan , kills 11 <sec> among the dead : an 8-year-old child .  pakistani taliban announce a month-long cease-fire .  security forces and militants fire upon each other .  two vans carrying a polio vaccination team are hit by a roadside bom .
 with ted , amazing ideas spread at speed of sound -- and light <sec> curator says ted allows remarkable people to share ideas with global community .  posting conference talks online has helped spread message , he says .  ted prize gives three people $ 100,000 ; only requirement is to think big .  in new partnership , cnn.com will offer ted talk tuesday .
 is this the future of football ? players refund fans after 8-0 defeat <sec> sunderland players offer refund to fans after team 's 8-0 defeat by southampton .  2,500 fans made 1,026 kilometer round trip at the weekend .  the gesture could cost sunderland 's players as much as $ 100,000 .  any unclaimed money to be donated to charit .
 beyonce will perform , receive honor at mtv vmas <sec> beyonce will receive this year 's mtv video vanguard award .  the singer is also the most nominated artist for the awards show .  additionally , she 's going to perform at the ceremon .
 eta announces permanent cease-fire in spain <sec> the basque separatist group eta has announced and broken other cease-fires .  eta seeks independence for basques in northern spain and southwest france .  about 800 eta convicts or suspects are being held in prisons , officials sa .
 celeb lawyer takes on google over hacked , nude photos <sec> marty singer is accusing google of acting `` like the nfl '' .  he is demanding that the images be removed .  google is disputing the accusation .
 north korea faces worst drought in 50 years ; south says aid unlikely <sec> this could be the driest may in north korea since 1962 .  less than a quarter inch has been recorded in major cities .  little food aid is expected from south korea and the united state .
 how a trendy shoe nearly lost its footing <sec> colorful plastic crocs clogs became wildly popular .  colorado-based company reported $ 850 million in sales at its peak in 2007 .  then , the company was hit hard by the 2008 economic collapse and a saturated market .  `` we had to innovate our way out of the situation we had put ourselves in , '' crocs ceo said .
 two die when plane hits pennsylvania house <sec> new : plane narrowly misses sleeping homeowner .  two people on board twin-engine plane are killed .  the incident occurred in pennsylvania 's westmoreland county .  people in the house escaped without injur .
 fact-checking gingrich 's charge obama voted in favor of 'infanticide ' <sec> gop presidential hopeful newt gingrich says obama voted for infanticide .  gingrich also said the media wo n't ask him about the issue .  rick santorum has made similar charges recently .  cnn and other research shows both charges are wron .
 ferrari leaves black mark on ancient chinese relic <sec> ferrari leaves tread marks on city walls dating to ming dynasty in nanjing .  ferrari said the drive was taken unauthorized by staff from its local distributor .  district tourism bureau has reprimanded officials in charge of the city wall .
 pirates hijack german-owned ship in gulf of aden <sec> pirates hijack german-owned tanker in gulf of aden .  the vessel longchamp carries a a crew of 13 , according to owners .  naval ships patrolling the area did not have contact with pirate .
 u.s. student arrested in tehran while working on thesis project <sec> esha momeni was was working on her thesis on women 's rights in iran .  she was arrested for unlawfully passing another vehicle while driving october 15 .  momeni is being held in tehran 's notorious evin prison .  news of arrest withheld because family was told she would be release .
 thousands remain stranded at nepal 's airport <sec> services at nepal 's only international airport disrupted for the third day by a stranded plane .  turkish airlines plane skidded off the runway and has remained aground since wednesday .  over 24,000 passengers and 160 planes affected by the closur .
 review : madonna 's 'w.e . ' is handsomely produced <sec> this flimsy vanity project cruelly exposes the material girl 's limitations .  despite these absurdities , `` w.e . '' .  is nicely packaged and photographed .  andrea riseborough miraculously makes wallis simpson interestin .
 court : serbs ' actions against croatians not genocide <sec> a u.n. court finds that serbian forces did commit large-scale killings , other violent acts .  but there 's not enough evidence showing intent to commit genocide , the court rules .  the same court dismisses serbia 's counterclaim that croatia committed genocid .
 rolling stone apologizes over account of uva gang rape <sec> fraternity says they were never contacted by rolling stone fact-checkers .  rolling stone 's managing editor says the discrepancies are `` deeply unsettling '' .  uva 's president says the doubts must not alter its focus on sexual assault issues .  the fraternity chapter denies many details of the rolling stone accoun .
 in weiner 's final days , more a curiosity than a candidate <sec> weiner makes his `` closing arguments '' in mayoral campaign that he once led .  in closing days of race , weiner seems to be living between shamelessness and fortitude .  his new yorkitude offers stark contrast to consultant-driven personas of his opponent .
 ukraine officials : mariupol shelling kills 30 civilians <sec> u.s. secretary of state john kerry calls on russia to end separatist support .  osce monitors say rockets were likely fired from pro-russian rebel territory .  fighting between rebels and government forces has intensified in recent day .
 survivors of foodborne illness demand action on bill <sec> advocates want the senate to pass a food safety bill when it reconvenes .  the house of representatives passed the change in july 2009 .  groups detailed recalls that have taken place since then .  the proposed act would give the fda more power over food recall .
 'eaten alive ' leaves viewers hungry for more <sec> new : viewers say the special was overhyped ; herpetologist was not eaten alive .  naturalist says he wore a special suit and was swallowed by a giant green anaconda .  `` the last thing i saw was her mouth wide open before everything went black '' .  paul rosolie says he survived the ordeal and the snake is fine , to .
 worst xi : infamous football punch-ups <sec> football fanzone presents a rundown of 11 infamous pitch punch-ups .  the tension of competition has even seen teammates turn against one-another .  let us know what you think by commenting in the sound off bo .
 mccarthy to call for ban on high-capacity ammo clips <sec> mccarthy will propose legislation banning high-capacity ammunition magazines .  a ban on clips was part of a federal assault weapons ban that expired in 2004 .  tucson suspect allegedly used a clip reported to have had held 31 round .
 patricia cornwell 's kay scarpetta gets blackberry , celebrity profile <sec> author patricia cornwell talks about kay scarpetta , fame and forensics .  in latest book , scarpetta is cnn 's chief forensic analyst .  cornwell says she works hard to keep up with scientific advances .  she says she does n't watch crime shows or scary movie .
 armenian president declares state of emergency <sec> new : protest moves after crackdown at freedom square .  order sought after protests over last month 's election turn violent .  demonstrators say the election was fraudulent .  state of emergency could last until march 20 , official say .
 what you need to know about yemen <sec> the u.s. , uk and france suspend embassy operations in sanaa .  the reason : a deteriorating security situation , terrorist activities and civil unres .
 atlanta pastor says he will answer allegations sunday <sec> on twitter , eddie long expresses thanks for prayers , support .  attorney says photos of pastor in tight shirts does n't corroborate allegations .  in statement , long denies allegations in lawsuits .  attorney says suits are an attack on long and his churc .
 despite opposition , tsa sticks with decision on knives <sec> tsa rolled back prohibition on small knives aboard commercial flights .  new : 20,000 signatures on white house website seeking reversal of decision .  small knives were banned after the 9/11 al qaeda hijack attacks .  new : airlines now wonder whether decision was thought through carefully enoug .
 jolie in iraq : 2m refugees need help <sec> angelina jolie visits iraq to boost efforts to help internally displaced refugees .  actress tells cnn : `` there does n't seem to be real coherent plan to help them '' .  jolie is goodwill ambassador for u.n. high commissioner for refugees .  more than 4.2 million iraqis have fled homes , 2 million to neighboring state .
 great white sharks : you can track 'em <sec> real-time shark tracker shows movements of great white sharks .  five great whites are actively pinging their locations off the east coast .  pings are activated when the sharks surface , so movements are logged erraticall .
 shaq joins lebron in blockbuster nba trade <sec> shaquille o'neal is traded from the phoenix suns to the cleveland cavaliers .  7 foot one inch o'neal has been named in the nba 's all star team 15 times .  o'neal , 37 , will now pair up with 2009 nba mvp lebron james at clevelan .
 southwest settles with faa for $ 7.5 million <sec> fine will double unless airline completes additional safety measures within a year .  faa found southwest flew 46 jets without checking for fatigue cracks in fuselages .  faa documents : aircraft flew for 30 months after inspection deadlines passed .  southwest happy to have settled `` all outstanding issues with the faa .
 have your say on possible 'billy the kid ' pardon <sec> gov . .  bill richardson is considering pardoning william bonney in a sheriff 's death .  he is debating whether a promise made by an earlier governor should be honored .  people are allowed to e-mail their opinions over the next few day .
