 phelps adds to olympic legend with 17th gold medal <sec> michael phelps wins the 100-meter butterfly by 0.23 seconds for his third gold of games .  including wins by missy franklin and katie ledecky , the u.s. tops china for overall golds .  a polish shot putter and ethiopian runner earn the first golds in track and field .  britain 's andy murray will face roger federer in men 's tennis final at the all-england clu .
 north korea denies sinking warship ; south korea vows strong response <sec> new : investigators recovered propeller from torpedo that blew cheonan in half .  north korea denies torpedoing warship , says report is part of a smear campaign .  south korea vows resolute measures to make north korea accept responsibility .  north korea fired torpedo that hit south korean warship , killing 46 , investigators sa .
 fans , promoters count cost of canceled jackson concerts <sec> financial impact of jackson 's death on london concerts remains unclear .  ticket sellers are still to clarify whether fans will received a refund , and how .  jackson was scheduled to perform 50 concerts at london 's o2 arena .  singer 's death has sparked surge in downloads , sales of jackson memorabili .
 inmates in chopper jail break on crime spree <sec> men who escaped belgian prison in helicopter committed string of robberies .  escapees include man considered to be one of country 's most dangerous criminals .  trio rob a bank , a gas station and two storage facilities , police sa .
 bahamas celebration halloween cruise evacuated <sec> new : passenger : the halloween cruise was `` basically a nightmare for 24 hours '' .  the ship struck something while leaving grand bahamas island , celebration says .  `` no passengers were ever in any danger , '' the cruise company say .
 american ebola patient arrives at emory in atlanta <sec> an american ebola patient arrives at emory university hospital in atlanta .  patient is a u.s. citizen who got ebola in sierra leone , state department says .  an air ambulance transported the patient to atlant .
 temptations ' damon harris dies at 62 <sec> damon harris , a former member of the temptations , was battling prostate cancer .  he was best known for singing tenor on `` papa was a rolling stone '' .  harris also had a solo albu .
 81 kidnapped migrants rescued in mexico <sec> 81 kidnap victims were rescued wednesday in northeast mexico .  all but one of the victims are from central america .  the group said they were migrants wanting to cross into the united state .
 feds : two connecticut officers found guilty of civil rights violations <sec> four east haven officers were arrested in 2012 after a federal investigation into racial profiling .  two had already pleded guilty to separate charges .  the remaining two were convicted monday and will be sentenced in january .  prosecutor : the cops ' behavior `` chips away at the public 's trust in ... law enforcement .
 dortmund and schalke maintain fine form <sec> borussia dortmund make it five straight wins with a topsy-turvy 3-2 bundesliga victory at cologne .  kevin grosskreutz pops up in injury time to seal the victory for the visitors who are five points off the top .  kevin kuranyi scores the only goal for schalke as they beat nuremberg 1-0 to return to second in tabl .
 questions linger after kenya mall attack <sec> there are conflicting reports on a british man held in kenya for questioning .  complexity of attack raises questions about planning , possible collusion .  official : the westgate mall attackers `` were not interested in hostage-taking '' .  six security officers , at least five terrorists and at least 61 civilians dead , president say .
 2 muslim brotherhood members killed as unrest sweeps egypt <sec> egyptian authorities said muslim brotherhood members tried to torch highway checkpoint .  two brotherhood members were killed in the gunfight .  supporters of ousted president mohamed morsy protested in several cities .  police said they confiscated weapons in damiett .
 total of 41 bodies recovered from air france 447 crash <sec> first bodies recovered from the crash of air france 447 returned to land .  air france agrees to replace within days speed sensors , pilots ' union says .  air france said it began replacing parts in april .  the location of the crash has not been determine .
 djokovic beats murray in classic shanghai final <sec> novak djokovic beats andy murray in shanghai masters final .  world no.2 saves five match points against the defending champion .  second set tiebreaker key to serbian 's victory .  closes on roger federer at the top of the ranking .
 air force ufo files land on web <sec> project blue book collection contains nearly 130,000 pages of investigations into ufos .  project blue book , based in ohio , lasted from 1947 to 1969 .  the documents were put in one place online for the first tim .
 nigerians vote as blasts hit in the north <sec> new : separate blasts rock a voting and collation center .  new : the second blast caused `` serious casualties , '' an official says .  there have been riots , bombings and assassinations ahead of the elections .  nigerians are voting saturday for house and senate seat .
 one night will decide obama 's fate <sec> the fast and furious scandal wo n't determine if obama is re-elected .  lz granderson says the key event will be the first presidential debate on october 3 .  he says mitt romney will go after the president with every criticism he can muster .  granderson : obama will be judged on how well he defends his recor .
 making money off infidelity in asia ashley madison <sec> ashleymadison.com , the dating website for extra marital affairs makes its second launch in asia .  website 's ceo says infidelity is `` clearly a global phenomenon '' .  the website plans to expand to `` 10 to 11 '' more markets in asia before june 201 .
 nascar driver surprises military dad with the ride of his life <sec> staff sgt . .  jason thompson was awarded a trip to tony stewart 's racing camp .  all the proceeds from the camp benefit the speedway children 's charities .  thompson has two boys with special needs and serves in the u.s. army .  thompson : as a single parent , i understand the importance of a helping han .
 building free homes for wounded vets <sec> dan wallrath 's organization builds free homes for wounded war veterans .  wallrath , a 2010 cnn hero , started it after meeting the father of a wounded marine .  wallrath 's team remodeled the marine 's house to make it more accessible .  a special documentary , `` operation finally home , '' airs december 8 and 15 on cn .
 a cold war response to north korea 's latest challenge <sec> hemmings : test on day of obama 's state of the union address not by luck .  spotlight on what china does , but beijing does n't share u.s. strategic view .  `` information is the greatest weapon at the disposal of the obama team '' .  `` free information '' had huge impact on soviet citizens during cold wa .
 northwestern university chief 'troubled ' by live sex demonstration <sec> northwestern university students see sex demonstration in after-class session .  professor says he wants students to learn about sexual diversity .  university president orders investigation of incident .  couple gave live demonstration of sex to .
 north koreans confront london barbers over sign about kim 's 'bad hair ' <sec> barbers mo and karim nabbach put up a sign about kim jong un 's hair .  `` having a bad hair day ? '' .  the sign asks , offering 15 % off men 's haircuts .  two north koreans confront the shop 's owner , saying `` that is our leader '' .  scotland yard looks into the matter but finds no crim .
 runway reopens at brazil airport after deadly crash <sec> brazil air travel slowly starting to return to normal , with fewer delays , cancellations .  main runway reopens at sao paulo 's congonhas airport after last week 's crash .  the runway has been at the center of a fierce debate over air safety .  nearly 200 people were killed july 17 in brazil 's worst aviation disaste .
 tiger woods wins his first golf tournament in 2 years <sec> woods narrowly beats zach johnson to win the chevron world challenge .  it 's his first win since a victory at the australian masters in november 2009 .  woods jumps 20 spots in world golf rankings with the win , the pga tour say .
 'war on drugs ' behind endless misery <sec> evan wood : scores killed in jamaica in attempt to nab suspected drug lord .  war on drugs has created a violent underground with billions to be made , wood says .  thousands of people die and gangs kill for profits , yet drugs get more plentiful , he writes .  wood : scientific , health-based approach instead of criminal approach works elsewher .
 in libya , fighting sweeps across tripoli following behghazi violence <sec> new : justice minister calls on `` everyone to come under the umbrella of legitimacy '' .  `` libya will not become a cradle or incubator for terrorism , '' says a commander .  at least two people are killed and 66 injured , the health ministry says .  armed men stormed parliament in tripoli , state-run media report .
 human error led to fatal train collision , spokeswoman says <sec> new : engineer failed to heed stop signal , metrolink spokeswoman says .  new : at least 25 killed , 135 others injured in head-on wreck , officials say .  new : search for bodies and survivors has finished , los angeles mayor says .  passenger and freight trains collided friday in chatswort .
 developer describes threats in 'whitey ' bulger trial <sec> real-estate developer richard buccheri says `` whitey '' bulger put a gun to his head .  he says it happened as part of a dispute about the placement of a fence .  buccheri : bulger demanded $ 200,000 , `` threatening to kill me and my family .
 messi tops beckham in football rich list <sec> lionel messi tops annual list of world 's best-piad footballers .  messi relegates david beckham to second place with $ 44.1 million earnings .  inter milan chief jose mourinho is richest manager in annual survey by france footbal .
 reporters remember chaos of rabaa <sec> thursday is the anniversary of the violent crackdown on pro-morsy protesters in cairo .  rights group : it was `` one of the world 's largest killings of demonstrators in a single day in recent history '' .  cnn correspondent reza sayah recalls that day among the chaos near rabaa al-adawiya mosqu .
 'baby grace ' murder case headed to trial <sec> kimberly dawn trenor pleads guilty to tampering with evidence .  she faces capital murder trial in death of child known as 'baby grace ' .  child 's body was found in plastic container on island in galveston ba .
 why you should buy african contemporary art now <sec> african contemporary art is thriving , says author chibundu onuzo .  she says that for the first time it is moving through proper distribution channels .  `` there is no doubt that african culture is on the rise , '' says onuz .
 boko haram 's 'deadliest ' attack in nigeria <sec> deaths number in the hundreds , one official says ; another says it is 2,000 .  after the attack , boko haram also razed home .
 south korean president apologizes for bribery scandals in his inner circle <sec> south korean president lee myung-bak apologized for recent scandals .  lee 's older brother and aides are suspected of receiving bribes .  `` this is all my fault , '' lee said in a speech to the natio .
 cnn student news transcript - may 17 , 2013 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 alzheimer 's disease : 5 things you did n't know <sec> new : high blood pressure that starts after age 90 linked to lower risk of dementia .  new : lifestyle changes , even if started in 60s or 70s , can lower alzheimer 's risk .  studies show games like checkers can boost your brain strength .  doctors may use a smell test to detect alzheimer 's diseas .
 'i have lived one crazy life so far , ' oregon mall gunman says on facebook <sec> new : the central image on roberts ' facebook page was a work by street artist banksy .  the gunman 's mother died at childbirth ; he never met father , a friend says .  he told a friend he left his aunt 's home at age 14 and raised himself .  jacob 'jake ' roberts uses edgy , dark humor on his facebook pag .
 condemn the powerful elite over 'honor ' murders <sec> dania gharaibeh : condemning the act and its perpetrators does little to end the murders .  as an aid worker , she blames the wealthy , powerful elite for failing to humanize the masses .  she says feudal system in pakistan is preventing equality and the chance to battle ignorance .  gharaibeh : dehumanizing living conditions breed dehumanized peopl .
 how to protect your cloud data from hacks <sec> security experts offer tips on how to use the cloud safely .  back up your files in multiple places , including in on-the-ground hard drives .  use a different password for every website and social network .  turn on google 's and facebook 's two-factor authentication feature .
 the honest toddler revealed <sec> writer bunmi laditan is the woman behind the honest toddler feed on twitter .  nearly 200,000 twitter users follow the dry observations laditan 's alter ego .  her experiences with an ornery 2-year-old inspired the honest toddler .  laditan will release a book based on the twitter account in ma .
 opinion : author achebe was a talent and a moralist <sec> unlike so many , achebe did not internalize the brutalities and prejudices of oppressors , writes leon botstein .  his charisma was one that mixed authority with kindness , he says .  botstein : one hopes that chinua achebe 's death will spark a renewal of interest beyond `` things fall apart . '' .  achebe was in the best sense a moralist , says botstei .
 amber alert successes : more than 650 kids rescued <sec> since amber alerts began , more than 650 kids have been rescued .  hannah anderson 's case was unusual for several reasons , expert says .  amber alert program named after child taken in texas in 199 .
 rare yellow lobster avoids boiling pot <sec> rare `` yellow '' lobster making waves at massachusetts restaurant .  fiona was caught off coast of eastern canada , given to restaurant owner .  her colorful appearance makes her 1 in 30 million rarity .  owner has no cooking plans for fion .
 cnn student news transcript : october 4 , 2010 <sec> hear why the u.s. government wants americans in europe to be on guard .  learn about some examples of lost and found in the animal kingdom .  hit the gridiron to meet a pair of female varsity football players .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 ukraine : rockets shatter nerves as army digs in <sec> ukrainian army in mariupol fears last-minute assault by separatists ahead of ceasefire .  army and rebels traded shots in several cities and towns in southeast ukraine on saturda .
 apparently this matters : doink the clown <sec> `` apparently this matters '' is our skewed look at trending social-media topics .  this week , jarrett figures out why `` doink the clown '' was trending on twitter .  doink 's wwf highlights include beating guys named `` barry '' with a prosthetic limb .  even with a loss , at least doink was n't stuck on the night shift at denny ' .
 al jazeera : how channel helped shape middle east <sec> the jailing in egypt of three al jazeera journalists has shocked many in the west .  slade : al jazeera has transformed tv reporting both within the middle east and of the region .  its success is part of a trajectory of media modernisation of media in the arabic world , says academic .  that process continued during the arab spring with the growth of social media in tahrir square and elsewher .
 death toll rises to 75 from brazilian floods <sec> new : death toll rises to 75 in floods .  more than 3 inches of rain accumulated in rio 's western regions , with more expected .  death toll from mudslide at upscale resort in angra dos reis is 41 ; dozens injured .  rio de janeiro state governor declares 3 days of mourning , calls up rescue team .
 kenya mall attack survivor played dead to live <sec> elaine dang was at nairobi 's westgate mall during last month 's terror attack .  she was injured ; at least 67 people were killed .  dang moved away from the crowd , pretended to be dead .  she says the attack strengthened her love for keny .
 north korean envoys , richardson to meet <sec> source : richardson would be listening but not negotiating .  richardson spokesman : renewable energy initiatives to be discussed on thursday .  n. korean envoys ' visit comes on heels of former president clinton 's trip to n. korea .  north korea has said it would not return to so-called six party talk .
 obama takes it easy on the last day of a busy mideast visit <sec> obama takes a cultural tour of an ancient city before returning to washington .  in a last-minute move , netanyahu calls turkey to make an apology -- on obama 's initiative .  jordan has 460,000 syrian refugees with more coming , king abdullah say .
 the wisdom of women : whose words inspire you ? <sec> international women 's day is on march 8 , 2013 .  an annual celebration of women 's political , economic and social accomplishment .  leave your favorite inspirational quotes from women , past and present , in the comment sectio .
 jurors begin deliberations in connecticut home invasion trial <sec> on tuesday , the judge ran the jury through the 17 charges .  if convicted , komisarjevsky could receive the death penalty .  his attorney insists he did n't intend to kill , blaming a co-conspirator .  he 's accused of being part of a plan that left a conn. woman and her two daughters dea .
 u.s. airstrikes kill 3 top isis leaders <sec> u.s. airstrikes have killed three high-level isis leaders .  the killings had been suspected but finally confirmed on thursda .
 'dancing ' champ : no need for abdul as judge <sec> professional dancer mark ballas is paired with melissa joan hart this season .  the two-time champ of `` dancing with the stars '' finds her `` bright and bubbly '' .  ballas : paula abdul would be great as a contestant , but is n't needed as a judge .  maksim chmerkovskiy and karina smirnoff 's breakup wo n't affect the show , he say .
 nemtsov killing has chilling historical parallel ? <sec> russian opposition leader boris nemtsov gunned down in moscow .  karen dawisha asks if there 's a parallel to famous murder of stalin 's rival in the 1930 .
 legally blind contestant stops short of miss florida usa title <sec> connor boss , 18 , makes the top five , but loses to michelle aguirre .  boss is the first legally blind contestant to compete in miss florida usa .  she was diagnosed with a hereditary eye disease at age 8 .  `` i hope that i could inspire others that anything is possible , '' she say .
 kidnapped libya olympic chief released <sec> ahmad nabil al-alam was kidnapped a week earlier in tripoli , the libyan olympic committee says .  the identity and motive of the kidnappers are unknown .  al-alam `` greatly contributed '' to the fight against the gadhafi regime , the committee say .
 u.s. troops accused of damaging babylon 's ancient wonder <sec> u.n. report claims u.s. troops damaged city of babylon during iraq invasion .  camp alpha was built on site of iraq 's historic hanging gardens .  report cites extensive damage to ishtar 's gate , processional way .  united states to pay $ 800,000 to clean babylon sit .
 thai general who led coup says he has royal endorsement <sec> new : the leader of rallies against the former government is released on bail .  gen. prayuth chan-ocha urges people to stop protesting or risk crackdown .  he says he has the king 's approval to head the ruling military council .  the military took power last week after months of political turmoi .
 study : nearly 1.3 million mexicans in capital do n't have running water <sec> nearly 7 million mexico city residents get water daily .  another 1.4 million city residents get it irregularly .  some neighborhoods had more water service in 2005 than in 2000 .  the study was conducted by the national autonomous university of mexic .
 conservative blogger andrew breitbart died of heart failure <sec> coroner : he had an enlarged heart and some heart disease .  breitbart , 43 , was known for posting the anthony weiner twitter photos last year .  he was a star on the right and a villain to the lef .
 11 of the world 's most amazing train stations <sec> architectural data company emporis has compiled a list of 11 stunning train stations .  grand central terminus in new york receives over 21.6 million tourists each year .  chhaatrapati shivaji terminus in mumbai is a unesco world heritage sit .
