 apparently this matters : 'ice cube 's a pimp ' <sec> in the early 90 's rapper ice cube released the track `` it was a good day '' .  comedian donovan strain believes ice cube 's `` good day '' was january 20 , 1992 .  an organization called good day blimp is trying to convince goodyear to fly their famous airship on january 20t .
 biden 's campaign trail goes where obama 's wo n't <sec> eastern ohio was n't a friendly region for obama in 2008 .  beck : biden can connect with voters there , he 's an old-school democrat .  hillary clinton took eastern and southeast ohio in the 2008 primary .  biden hails from scranton , pennsylvania , which has also seen hard time .
 6 hot resorts for adults only <sec> some resorts cater to a mostly 18-plus crowd with deluxe amenities .  ponta dos ganchos in brazil is tucked away on a private peninsula .  the out nyc is geared toward gay guests in the heart of the cit .
 japan parliament picks shinzo abe as prime minister <sec> `` the economy is at the bottom . .  it 's our first mission to turn it around , '' shinzo abe says .  abe , 58 , is the nation 's seventh prime minister in six years .  he faces a major task of reviving the economy and making a decision on nuclear powe .
 peace agreement broken in tajikistan <sec> government soldiers accused of shooting a former rebel commander .  the incident occurred at 4 a.m. in the southeastern province of pamir .  `` we are increasingly losing hope , '' says an open letter to the president .  former commander had been paralyzed during the civil wa .
 springboks defeat all blacks to win tri-nations crown <sec> south africa defeated new zealand 32-29 to win the tri-nations rugby series .  francois steyn and namesake morne kicked 22 points for the springboks .  fourie du preez and jean de villiers ran over a try apiece for south africa .  the win gave south africa their first tri-nations series victory since 200 .
 coast guard to review exercise after potomac security scare <sec> coast guard will `` take a good , hard look '' at handling of exercise , official says .  faa official : flights delayed at reagan national airport for about 20 minutes .  exercise occurs near where president observed 9/11 anniversary at pentagon .  white house spokesman criticizes cnn for reporting even .
 23 killed at madagascar protest <sec> gunfire heard near presidential palace , site of anti-government rally .  president and fired mayor of capital city are locked in a power struggle .  rally started peacefully , american in capital say .
 two bodies found after b-52 crash near guam <sec> new : bodies of two airmen found in pacific ocean ; four other airmen sought .  a u.s. air force b-52 with six airmen crashed off the island of guam .  rescuers search a point in the pacific about 30 miles northwest of guam .  the b-52h stratofortress was based at barksdale air force base in louisian .
 chris rock files for divorce after 19 years of marriage <sec> chris rock and malaak compton-rock have two daughters together .  rock often poked fun at marriage in his comedy routine .
 boogie night on the west bank lands israeli soldiers in hot water <sec> israeli soldiers walk into a club in flak jackets and helmets , carrying guns .  they did n't shoot ; they danced with other guys in the club .  young palestinian men heaved the soldiers onto their shoulders .  everyone was smiling -- except for the soldiers ' commander .
 happy meal toys no longer free in san francisco <sec> law putting nutritional requirements on kids ' meals goes into effect thursday .  mcdonald 's will no longer give free toy in happy meals in san francisco .  lawmaker said he wrote the law to curb childhood obesit .
 martyr 's widow inspires tunisia <sec> widow of opposition leader reluctantly became a tunisian political celebrity .  basma khalfaoui is inspiring opposition to the ruling islamist party .  what she really wants is justice for her assassinated husband .  his death was the first political assassination in tunisia since 1956 independenc .
 crais fans 'taken ' on thrilling ride in new novel <sec> robert crais returns to private detective duo elvis cole and joe pike in `` taken '' .  the characters have appeared in crais ' crime novels since 1987 .  `` taken '' is intense and reads like a big-budget hollywood blockbuste .
 curiosity causes internet to explode with joy <sec> @ marscuriosity twitter account receives about 1,000 new followers an hour since landing .  social media strategy was something that was considered years before the landing .  official `` landing tweet '' was retweeted 70,000 times around the world .  search of links , tweets , images including `` mars '' from saturday to tuesday surpassed 700,00 .
 survey says most u.s. cell phone owners have smartphones ; so what ? <sec> survey says `` just over half of cell owners '' have smartphone or use smartphone platform .  biggest growth in smartphone ownership was among adults aged 18-24 , survey says .  it says highest growth in smartphone use occurred in the lowest income bracket .  amy gahran : smartphones may be becoming norm , but benefits may not be spread evenl .
 irene batters bahamas ; tourists told to leave parts of outer banks <sec> extensive damage reported on two bahamas islands .  in north carolina , dare county orders evacuation of visitors .  storm forces changes in cruise ship itineraries , including the carnival sensation .  hurricane irene maintains strength , could be category 4 storm on thursda .
 magazine gives voice to south africa 's teenagers <sec> live magazine south africa is written for and produced by young people in cape town .  the first issue will be published mid-november .  the 48-pages of news , views and entertainment aims to give a voice to the younger generation .  the reporters are aged 18-25 and come from a range of different circumstance .
 china attack illustrates u.s. gun law divide <sec> hours before the u.s. attack , a man injured 22 children in a chinese school incident .  incident illustrates the wide gulf between gun control laws in the u.s. and abroad .  attack rekindles international wonder at the propensity of gun-related deaths in america . .  the united states has , by far , the highest rate of gun ownership in the worl .
 u.s. health chief : no change on mammogram policy <sec> secretary kathleen sebelius says findings are n't part of government policy .  gop criticizes health care `` rationing '' ; white house disputes claim .  advisory board has said women in 40s should n't get routine mammograms .  health secretary : government will continue to recommend mammogram .
 grandmother saves waterless california drought homes <sec> california 's historic drought leaves nearly a thousand people without water .  residents filled with dread when water stopped coming out of their taps .  a grandmother ends her retirement to help out neighbors who do n't have water .  she buys and delivers bottled water , inspiring donation .
 'unrestored ' copy of first superman comic book for sale <sec> action comics no . .  1 may fetch $ 400,000 , expert says .  comic book features debut of superman , lois lane .  `` there was no such thing as a superhero before superman , '' expert say .
 isis : what if that 's your company 's name ? ( opinion ) <sec> dean obeidallah : 270 products or businesses use `` isis '' in their names .  he asks : do you change the name because it 's tainted or hope customers do n't care ? .  obeidallah : many business owners are dropping the reference , but why ? .  he says terrorists should n't determine a company name , and people are n't that dum .
 portsmouth move into administration <sec> english premier league club portsmouth went into administration friday .  they are the first club to go into administration in premier league history .  portsmouth 's estimated debts estimated to total around $ 90 million .  south coast club won the english fa cup in 200 .
 ebola : give africans the drug americans used ( opinion ) <sec> americans with ebola received an experimental medicine that seemed to help .  harriet washington : poor africans do n't have access to lifesaving medicines .  she says access to drugs often based on how much money you have and if you 're a westerner .  she urges this drug be made in quantity and given to infected west africans in a tria .
 report : egypt 's ex-pm ahmed shafik faces arrest , extradition order <sec> new : shafik tells egyptian newspaper he expected charges .  new : the corruption probe includes mubarak sons , two generals .  shafik is suspected of involvement in alleged corrupt real estate dealings .  he left egypt in june for the united arab emirate .
 apparently this matters : being average is sexy <sec> going out in groups makes you more attractive than going out alone .  the cheerleader effect was coined in the hit tv show `` how i met your mother '' .  faces in a group tend to average together which , in turn , averages out appearance flaw .
 plaintiff 's attorney apologizes about error in sex lawsuit against john travolta <sec> the attorney who filed a sex suit apologizes to john travolta 's attorney .  an accuser was wrong about the date of an alleged groping incident , the attorney says .  still , the federal lawsuit filed by two massage therapists against travolta will continue .  travolta 's attorney says the actor denies the suit 's accusation .
 hillary : secretary of empowerment <sec> donna brazile : clinton stepping down as secretary of state . .  maybe she 'll run for president .  she says as secretary she expanded foreign policy to include effect on regular people .  she says she was first secretary of state to focus on empowering women and girls .  brazile : clinton has fought for education and inclusion in politics for women and girl .
 authorities believe body found in california canal is abducted boy <sec> new : outside prayer service held in patterson .  authorities believe the body is that of juliani cardenas , 4 .  they also believe the remains of his suspected abductor are in the cana .
 carter visits cuba amid tension over u.s. contractor <sec> new : carter visits a jewish center and temple and meets with the archbishop of havana .  the trip is officially to strengthen bilateral ties .  however , there are hopes the ex-president may try to lobby for an american prisoner .  the u.s. contractor was recently sentenced to 15 years in priso .
 frank lampard : 'mls my next big challenge ' <sec> frank lampard joining new york city fc .  lampard won champions league and epl titles with cheslsea .  capped 106 times by england and played at 2014 world cup .  move to mls 'the perfect fit ' he tells cn .
 'walking dead ' premiere gets fall 's biggest rating <sec> `` the walking dead 's '' third season premiere attracted 10.9 million viewers .  it was already the the most successful basic cable drama of all time in the adult demo .  last night was up more than 50 percent from season tw .
 obama makes christmas call to sailor <sec> obama calls navy corpsman francis nicola at sea to wish him merry christmas .  nicola is on board the uss rentz in the arabian gulf .  his commanding officer submitted his name as candidate for presidential call .  nicola says he invited obama for burgers and basketball when the rentz gets hom .
 kurdish protesters in iraq shout 'no to turkey ' <sec> new : kurdish regional government appeals for restraint by turkey .  marchers in iraq 's kurdish region protest against turkish parliament vote .  vote authorized military action against kurdish separatists based in iraq .  iraqi official says meetings with turkish leaders this week brought `` good results .
 former dictators found guilty in argentine baby-stealing trial <sec> the crimes were `` the most perverse of the dictatorship , '' one victim says .  court : jorge rafael videla and reynaldo benito bignone are guilty of baby thefts .  they were found guilty of stealing babies from political prisoners .  they were both one-time dictators of argentin .
 opinion : when air becomes a public health hazard <sec> a new report lists the cities that have the worst air quality in the u.s . .  dan farber : part of the problem stems from policy failures in washington .  he says we need to implement mass transit more on a national level .  farber : air pollution from cars and trucks pose a real public health hazar .
 family or f1 ? female driver chooses the track - for now <sec> female f1 test driver maria de villota admits she 'd like a family one day .  as a youngster the spaniard joined racing father emilio on the track .  her first taste of racing was as a five-year-old beating her brother go-karting .  she admits she has had to work hard to compete with me .
 obama 's uncle wins immigration battle , gets ok to stay in u.s . <sec> onyango okech obama is an uncle of president barack obama .  the uncle has lived in the united states without immigration papers for five decades .  a federal immigration judge notes his character , record of working and paying taxes .  the judge grants onyango okech obama permission to remain in the u.s .
 drugs from michael jackson 's bedroom cover courtroom table <sec> dr. conrad murray 's police interview to be played in court .  the doctor who did jackson 's autopsy should testify soon .  jurors hear jackson 's voice telling doctor , `` i hurt '' .  `` i did n't have a childhood , '' jackson says in drugged recordin .
 29 titles ? it 's 31 , insists defiant juventus <sec> sunday 's win over palermo gives juventus a 29th italian league title .  club and its fans celebrate with flags and signs denoting `` 31 '' .  turin side still refusing to accept loss of two titles in match-fixing scandal .  dutch club ajax clinches third successive league title and 32nd overal .
 uae goes cr4zy over license plates <sec> uae puts up for auction the mother of all vanity plates : the number `` 1 '' .  tiny oil-rich nation already holds world record for a plate : $ 6.75m for number 5 .  abu dhabi has held five auctions , selling 300 plates and raising $ 56 millio .
 this week on marketplace middle east <sec> mme looks at the region 's struggling tourism sector in wake of the revolutions .  egyptian and tunisian governments hit global road shows in attempt to bring back tourists .  pharmaceutical ceo on the need to speed up reform .
 alaska airlines : note on wing 'not the best approach ' <sec> handwritten note on damaged airplane wing referenced repair .  alaska airlines said the repair was made before flight , according to faa standards .  method for heading off repeated damage reports was `` not the best approach , '' airline sai .
 napoleon 's brother in new jersey ? <sec> napoleon bonaparte 's brother joseph wanted to be a writer not a king .  joseph bonaparte abdicated the throne of spain and went to live in new jersey .  he lived like royalty in a mansion , which burned to the ground in 1820 .  joseph even claimed to have encountered the `` jersey devil .
 trekking through mud , rivers and jungle to provide free medical care <sec> dr. georges bwelle is bringing free health care to rural villages in cameroon .  bwelle and his team spend almost every weekend seeing hundreds of patients .  there are n't many doctors in the west african country ; just one for every 5,000 peopl .
 philadelphia flight evacuated in security scare <sec> new : flight departs nearly six hours after scheduled .  there was no failure in airport security , official says .  the incident is not believed to be terror-related .  us airways flight 1070 was bound for bermuda with 102 passenger .
 shadow of mao still lingers over china <sec> mao zedong can divide opinion in china , inspiring nostalgia in some and fear in others .  mao 's `` great leap forward '' and `` cultural revolution '' was disastrous for china .  china is now less about one supreme leader and more about ruling by consensus .  the country has grown into the world 's second largest economy behind the u.s .
 three boneheaded online dating moves to avoid <sec> breakups spike right after cupid 's big day , according to unofficial facebook data .  when encountering an online date offline , do n't be creepy about it .  online daters should n't ignore safety and common sense , but should reveal some basics .  there 's less success on online dating sites when using a poor user nam .
 abidal injury adds to barcelona woes <sec> french defender eric abidal faces two months out because of a left leg injury .  the setback is a further blow to barcelona coach pep guardiola .  rafael marquez , dani alves , gerard pique and yaya toure are also on sideline .
 six things men say that signal trouble <sec> there 's a limit to how much a woman can tolerate seemingly unmanly behaviors .  `` i need to tell you something , '' never , ever ends well .  relationships are not like a lego set : created to be dismantled and put back together agai .
 are vacation rentals still legit ? <sec> renting a short-term apartment in cities like paris and new york city can cut back expenses .  though some cities have passed laws prohibiting short-term rentals , renters face no penalty .  even with new laws , short-term vacation rental inquiries in new york city increase .
 cinco de mayo a mexican import ? no , it 's as american as july 4 , prof says <sec> a ucla professor of medicine happens upon the true origins of cinco de mayo , he says in a book .  it 's an american holiday -- not a mexican one -- with roots in the civil war .  latinos in the american west cheered mexican army 's defeat of french in 1862 .  the french sympathized with confederacy , and u.s. latinos supported the unio .
 sonic booms of fighter jets rattle seattle area <sec> dozens of western washington residents reported feeling the rumblings .  the jets were scrambled in response to a plane that entered restricted airspace .  president barack obama was in the region tuesday .  the plane left the restricted airspace before it was intercepte .
 army to honor soldiers enslaved by nazis <sec> surviving soldiers happy that recognition will finally come .  army 's decision comes at urging of two congressmen .  soldiers signed secrecy document before returning to the u.s . .  u.s. soldiers were starved , beaten , killed at nazi cam .
 hope grows for compromise proposal on gun control <sec> new : key senator says agreement close on bipartisan proposal .  some gop senators oppose a threatened filibuster by their colleagues .  sen. reid still hopes for a compromise on a package of gun laws .  the issue has become a major focus of president obama 's second ter .
 u.s. , eu coordinate on russia sanctions , but will they work ? <sec> russia says new sanctions will harm relations with washington .  expanded sanctions target russian banks , arms industry , oil development .  eu joins obama after initially balking due to economic concerns .  another possible option : take the 2018 soccer world cup from russi .
 opinion : to fight poverty , start with women <sec> maria cardona : in parties ' inequality debate , gop has chance to show it gets it .  she says economy 's failure to help americans seen clearly in the lot of women , children .  she says women need equal wages , workplace policies that support women .  cardona : rubio , gop slam war on poverty policies ; issue needs attention , not partisanshi .
 inflight meals delivered to your home <sec> `` air food one '' makes weekly deliveries of airline meals to addresses in germany .  meals inspired by lufthansa business class menus can be heated at home .  the meals are `` astonishingly ok , '' says company spokesman max thiniu .
 report : charged prof was questioned in '93 mail bomb case <sec> prof charged in alabama deaths initially suspected in '93 mail bomb attempt , newspaper says .  professor charged with capital murder in shootings at university of alabama at huntsville .  professor 's husband says they received atf letter on '90s case that `` 'you are in the clear ' `` .  in 1986 , amy bishop anderson , then 19 , fatally shot brother ; case ruled accidenta .
 for gabrielle giffords , this is not an ending <sec> tom zoellner : we have put a narrative of national recovery on giffords ' ability to run again .  by stepping down , giffords shows a respect for principles of democracy , he says .  her moral authority and influence may be better used outside congress , zoellner says .  zoellner : her driving motivation is to make a positive difference in public life , and she wil .
 ntsb hits pipeline owner , regulators in deadly california blast <sec> an ntsb report is critical of pipeline owner pg & e and government regulators .  pg & e `` exploited weaknesses in a lax system of oversight , '' the ntsb chief says .  the san bruno explosion killed eight people and destroyed 38 homes .  pg & e says it has taken `` multiple steps '' to improve safety since the blas .
 world 's best new skyscraper is ... <sec> emporis skyscraper award given to buildings completed in the last 12 months that are higher than 100 meters .  this year no north american buildings are acclaimed , despite winning in previous two years .  panel of architecture experts award rankings according to aesthetic and functional design criteri .
 giant mechanical animals stalk french theme park <sec> fantastical mechanical animals roam $ 19m french amusement park .  features 12-meter-tall great elephant and 25-meter-high deep sea creature carousel .  les machine de l'lle in nantes is the brainchild of street theater company la machine .  brings to life imaginary world of jules verne and mechanical universe of leonardo di vinc .
