 vehicle of professor suspected in georgia killings found <sec> university of georgia professor sought in shooting deaths of wife and two others .  investigators find professor george zinkhan 's jeep near athens , georgia .  university fired marketing professor after off-campus shootings .  zinkhan had purchased plane ticket to the netherlands , fbi agent say .
 ukraine 's tymoshenko ends hunger strike at pro-eu protesters ' behest <sec> yulia tymoshenko has ended a hunger strike , opposition party cites her daughter as saying .  eugenia tymoshenko says her mother is very weak after what is her third hunger strike .  she stopped her fast at the request of anti-government protesters , eugenia says .  ukrainian president viktor yanukovich meets with russia 's vladimir puti .
 floods , mudslides kill scores in el salvador <sec> 40 percent of dead are children , aid group spokeswoman says .  aid is promised , but more is needed as cold front is due tuesday .  at least 130 people killed , dozens missing after heavy rains cause flooding , mudslides .  mudslides unrelated to hurricane ida , officials sa .
 beyoncé admits singing 'with my prerecorded track ' at inauguration <sec> beyoncé says , `` i 'm very proud of my performance '' at president obama 's inauguration .  she sang with a prerecorded track because she `` did not feel comfortable taking a risk '' .  singer vows she wo n't lip-sync sunday , when she heads up the super bowl xlvii halftime sho .
 paris police search for canada killing suspect <sec> french authorities investigate a reported sighting of luka rocco magnotta .  police say magnotta killed and dismembered a chinese student , then mailed body parts .  he caused `` stephen harper and ( lawmakers ) to reasonably fear for their safety , '' it says .  a warrant notes that police want him arrested on 5 charges , including murde .
 review : 'the descendants ' is a triumph <sec> reviewer : film beautifully acted and directed , funny and touching .  `` the descendants '' manages to be sad without being maudlin .  the supporting cast is loaded with exceptional performance .
 family : blind chinese activist 's nephew faces prosecution <sec> chinese police sends case involving chen guangcheng 's nephew to prosecution .  police downgraded chen kegui 's alleged crime to `` intentional infliction of injury '' .  chen 's family says it 's retribution for chen 's escape from house arres .
 nelson mandela video prompts outrage in south africa <sec> south africa 's ruling party accused of exploiting nelson mandela over new video .  video shows anti-apartheid hero surrounded by african national congress politicians .  footage , which shows a tired , frail-looking mandela , was aired on sabc on monday .  radio today : `` the way madiba was paraded on sabc tv this evening was horrible ! .
 why transplants use 'imperfect ' organs <sec> british surgeon says shortage of donors means he must use imperfect organs .  in the united states , 19 people die every day waiting for an organ transplant .  spain leads the world in terms of organ donation , and employs donor coordinators in hospitals .
 families reel , witnesses haunted after china 's deadly kunming attacks <sec> families of victims are struggling to make sense of the terror attack in kunming .  at least 29 were killed in the frenzied attack at the city 's railway station .  the attack , attributed to uyghur separatists , sparked fury on chinese social medi .
 drug smugglers go to great lengths to hide stashes <sec> list from uk border agency rounds up last year 's most unusual drug concealments .  they include cocaine concealed in packets of peanuts , cashew nuts .  smugglers also try to conceal cannabis in painting of football sta .
 new zealand faces shortage of beloved breakfast spread <sec> earthquakes knock out new zealand 's only source of marmite .  the salty breakfast spread is going for up to $ 60 online .  its manufacturer say the next batch wo n't be out before jul .
 rodney king dead at 47 <sec> rodney king is found dead in his swimming pool .  riots broke out in 1992 after the officers were acquitted in his beating .  king had said he had forgiven the officers who beat him nearly to deat .
 wi-fi-hacking neighbor sentenced to 18 years <sec> barry ardolf , 46 , repeatedly hacked into his next-door neighbors ' wi-fi network in 2009 .  his motive was to get back at his new neighbors after they said he kissed their son .  ardolf had no criminal record , but he 'd hijacked the wi-fi of other neighbors as wel .
 police to fiona apple : 'just shut up and sing ' <sec> fiona apple is not happy with police in hudspeth county , texas .  they are not happy with her public criticism of the sheriff 's department .  spokesman says he is more famous than her .  apple was arrested for marijuana , hashish possessio .
 'mad men ' and the other 1960s <sec> `` mad men '' returns for sixth season on sunday .  show 's ad agency characters have generally avoided '60s turmoil .  season 5 ended in spring 1967 ; new season will likely take show into harsh 1968 .  will `` mad men '' go anti-establishment ? .  doubtful -- they are the establishmen .
 by odin 's beard ! the new female thor has arrived <sec> the character of thor is taken up by a woman in the just-released `` thor '' # 1 .  writer jason aaron explains that this was planned far in advance .  aaron takes fan feedback with a `` grain of salt '' .  why is the new character also named thor ? .  time will tel .
 exploring naoshima : japan 's hidden island of surreal art <sec> the remote island of naoshima in the seto inland sea is a high-end art destination .  tadao ando designed hotels and underground museums to showcase art in remarkable ways .  nearby islands of teshima and inujima are part of benesse art site naoshim .
 ferguson : manchester united reign has been a 'fairytale ' <sec> alex ferguson calls his manchester united reign a 'fairytale ' .  the scottish manager celebrates 25 years at old trafford this weekend .  ferguson has won 12 epl titles , 5 fa cups and two european champions league crown .
 fenerbahce withdrawn from uefa champions league <sec> turkish champions fenerbahce withdrawn from the uefa champions league .  the decision was taken by the turkish football federation .  second place team trabzonspor to take their place in tomorrow 's draw .  the move is connected to turkish match fixing allegation .
 pope francis to visit the u.s. for the first time next fall <sec> he will be the fourth pope to visit the u.s. , catholic organization says .  the pontiff goes to philadelphia for the world meeting of families .  challenges that families face are a hallmark topic for the pop .
 ukrainian leader says ceasefire in effect <sec> the sound of shelling breaks the silence near debaltseve .  a peace agreement was signed this month in minsk , belarus .  it 's unclear how it will be implemented and whether it will stic .
 artist apologizes after eu artwork sparks diplomatic row <sec> czech republic assumed six-month presidency of european union this month .  czech artists has apologized for artwork that has sparked diplomatic protests .  `` entropa '' is due to be officially unveiled at eu hq in brussels thursday .  bulgarian eu representative : a humiliation for the bulgarian natio .
 former fbi agent to be top republican on house intelligence <sec> rep. mike rogers , former fbi agent , will head the house intelligence committee next year .  michigan republican has been a vocal opponent of obama administration 's terror policies .  rogers does n't think guantanamo bay detention facility in cuba should be close .
 attorney appointed for suspect in deadly new york stabbing spree <sec> new : a victim recalls his attack : `` i 'm not thinking much of anything besides survive '' .  maksim gelman was appointed a defense attorney during a court hearing monday .  he is accused of killing four people -- stabbing three and running over another .  the dead include his stepfather , his former girlfriend and her mothe .
 police : two arrested in connection with string of attacks on officers <sec> man arrested on allegations of making booby trap , assault with intent to murder officer .  at least two more sought in booby trap-style attacks believed to target police .  suspect 's comments during arrest suggest `` he does n't like us very much '' police chief says .  seven attacks since december have targeted police in hemet , california , authorities sa .
 earthquakes rock christchurch , new zealand <sec> three quakes strike near christchurch within two hours .  two of the quakes have magnitudes of at least 5.0 .  power is out and phone lines are down in christchurch , a resident says .  a 6.3-magnitude temblor struck the same area in february , killing more than 180 peopl .
 hugh jackman 's sweet business deal <sec> hugh jackman 's expanding his laughing man line into the world of chocolate .  `` i eat a little bit of dark chocolate every day , '' jackman said .  jackman : `` business done well is a win-win all around .
 comic book hero tintin 's archaeological escapades <sec> tintin as much an explorer and amateur archaeologist as a reporter .  'tintinologist ' jean-marc lofficier lists his favorite archaeology-themed tintin adventures .  herge interested in anthropology and archaeology , influenced by discoveries of the da .
 3 killed in shooting at mcdonald 's in finland <sec> three men were shot to death during a quarrel outside a restaurant in finland .  one of two vehicles at the mcdonald 's drive-through was driven by a pregnant woman .  the suspected gunman previously served a murder sentenc .
 genocide count dropped in karadzic trial <sec> radovan karadzic still faces a charge of genocide over the srebrenica massacre .  he successfully gets one other count of genocide thrown out .  he was the leader of the breakaway serb republic in bosnia in the 1990 .
 rubio boosts foreign policy resume with asia tour <sec> potential 2016 presidential contender sen. marco rubio tours asian nations .  his trip to the region helps boost his foreign policy credentials .  rubio affirmed the importance of america 's economic and military interests in asi .
 eu slams travel delays as 'unacceptable ' <sec> new : gatwick operations nearing normal , spokeswoman says .  ba considering transporting passengers by bus from heathrow to other airports .  uk transport secretary lays blame for heathrow chaos on `` over-optimistic '' operator .  thousands of passengers await connections in european airports , rail station .
 myanmar opposition leader win tin dies at 85 <sec> myanmar political activist and national league for democracy founding member win tin has died at 85 .  he was arrested in 1989 by country 's military rulers and was not released from jail until 2008 .  win tin lived alone , saying he forsook a family to devote his life to the fight for democrac .
 chelsea confirm signing of brazil international oscar <sec> premier league club chelsea announce the signing of brazilian international oscar .  oscar is currently on international duty with brazil at the london olympics .  the 20-year-old joins chelsea from brazilian club internaciona .
 gas survey reports its first price drop of the year <sec> the average u.s. gasoline price is $ 3.91 per gallon .  it is the survey 's first price drop since december .  the survey is taken every two weeks at gas stations nationwide .  the average price dropped 19 cents in chicago over the past two weeks , the publisher sai .
 iran plans satellite launches next year <sec> iran reportedly plans to launch tolou satellites into orbit in february and march .  `` this satellite ... is a big step for the continued presence of iran in space , '' defense chief says .  u.s. state department had `` grave concern '' about iran 's first satellite launch this year .  u.s. official : sateliite launches could lead to development of ballistic missile syste .
 finding musical 'diamonds ' in the slums of paradise city <sec> a program in brazil is offering free classical music training to children in the slums .  it 's empowering the children and giving them a chance at a brighter future .  there are 11 million brazilians living in slums ; more than 1 billion worldwide are in slums .  top 10 cnn hero thulani madondo is educating hundreds of slum kids in south afric .
 u.s. firm denies staff were fired on in indonesia <sec> antara news agency said two people were killed when convoy was attacked .  convoy was transporting employees of u.s. mining company pt freeport .  company clarified a vehicle was wrecked but no shots fired at convoy .  papua residents resent firm 's presence , criticize environmental impact , little benefi .
 israeli official says syria used chemical weapons <sec> new : russia 's foreign minister warns of claiming chemical weapon use without proof .  new : he accuses some nations of trying to `` politicize the issue '' .  `` in all likelihood , they used sarin gas , '' an israeli intelligence official says .  the top u.s. diplomat says he has not gotten confirmation of chemical weapon us .
 why no sports illustrated swimsuit issue of men ? <sec> peggy drexler : si swimsuit edition cover baldly about reducing women to sex objects .  drexler asks why is there no heralded magazine cover showing a man .  why is it only normal to `` celebrate the female form '' ? .  she ask .
 opinion : how world cup 'futbol ' swept america <sec> in 2002 roxanne jones struggled over whether to put soccer on cover of espn magazine .  jones : fast forward to 2014 's world cup frenzy and it seems u.s. finally gets 'futbol ' .  why ? .  american parents like it : it 's safer , cheaper , diverse , and a true team sport , she says .  jones : american football wo n't be soon overcome , but soccer likely to keep growin .
 obama touts preschools in georgia : 'this is n't baby-sitting ' <sec> new : `` this works . .  we know it works , '' obama says at preschool near atlanta .  the president called for expanded early education in his state of the union address .  it is the second of three straight days of events outside washington to tout his proposals .  obama and republicans are in a fierce debate over government spendin .
 5 ways nokia helped create the modern cell phone <sec> microsoft announced it is buying nokia 's mobile phone division .  despite smartphone struggles , nokia has been a mobile leader .  it was the first to switch to an international mobile-networking system .  nokia introduced phone gaming and the `` slider '' style of handse .
 how putin 's move could help snowden and u.s . <sec> edward snowden was granted temporary asylum in russia .  andrew kuchins says people should not be quick to label it a defeat for u.s . .  he says putin would likely want snowden to leave russia voluntarily .  kuchins : snowden should reflect on unhappy fate of asylum seekers in russi .
 airasia qz8501 's fuselage found <sec> fuselage found underwater , about a half mile from where data recorders were found , official says .  officials have said many of the remaining bodies may be found in fuselage .  plane went down in java sea on december 28 with 162 people aboar .
 jeff tweedy opens up about wilco 's new album <sec> wilco is currently working on their eighth studio album .  tweedy : `` the working title , as of right now , is 'get well soon everybody ' `` .  the album includes a seven-minute track , which starts with shadowy electronic .
 tech trends for 2013 : five things to watch <sec> nilay patel : 2013 is the year of refinement and reckoning in the tech industry .  patel : there are five big developments to keep an eye on .  he asks whether apple will get its mojo back and what will microsoft do ? .  patel : can facebook grow up , and will amazon be able to compete with google .
 statue of assassin who unleashed ww i unveiled <sec> gavrilo princip fired the shots on june 28 , 1914 .  he fatally shot austro-hungarian archduke franz ferdinand and his wife .  the assassination is considered the start of world war .
 meet ashton kutcher 's new 'men ' love interest <sec> brooke d'orsay has appeared on `` royal pains '' .  she will play kate on `` two and a half men '' .  she has also appeared on `` drop dead diva '' and `` gary unmarried .
 pakistan teen who died tackling suicide bomber nominated for award <sec> a teenager who died tackling a suicide bomber outside his school is nominated for an award .  aitazaz hassan bangash has been hailed as a hero in pakistan for saving his schoolmates .  prime minister nawaz sharif says his `` brave act saved the lives of hundreds of students '' .  teenager 's cousin says aitazaz challenged the bomber after becoming suspiciou .
 report : iran sending warships toward u.s. maritime borders <sec> iran move is meant as a message , a senior iranian naval official says .  `` we have an announcement , not a deployment , '' a u.s. defense official says .  in 2011 , iran twice announced plans to send ships toward the u.s. maritime borders .  `` freedom of the seas does n't just apply to fish , '' u.s. defense official say .
 newest member of 'the avengers ' revealed ( and more ) <sec> marvel studios releases first looks at paul bettany as the vision in `` avengers : age of ultron '' and charlie cox in full `` daredevil '' costume .  jamie bell 's character of the thing was also unveiled for 20th century fox 's marvel-based reboot of `` fantastic four '' .  bryan singer unveiled the first look at `` x-men : apocalypse '' angel played by ben hard .
 new york vs. los angeles : l.a. is a 'heavenly place ' <sec> as part of our destination usa series , we pit rival cities and let you decide which is best .  first up , the classic city smackdown : new york vs. los angeles .  cnn 's jennifer wolfe explains how she became an unlikely l.a. fan .  fight for your city ! .  show us why you think new york or l.a. is better on cnn irepor .
 has israel lost the democratic party ? - cnnpolitics.com <sec> benjamin netanyahu 's visit to congress threatens u.s. bipartisanship on israel .  gop 's boehner invited netanyahu ; 30 house democrats say they will boycott the speec .
 kubica undergoes emergency surgery after rally crash in italy <sec> new : f1 star robert kubica has seven-hour operation for serious hand and leg injuries .  kubica suffers injuries in a crash while competing in a rally in italy .  the 26-year-old pole lost control of his car on a bend and was airlifted to hospital .  kubica drives for renault lotus team and has won one grand prix in his caree .
 man arrested in las vegas ricin case <sec> roger bergendorff is charged with possession of toxin , firearms .  he was hospitalized for ricin exposure after it was found in hotel room .  his cousin is charged with failing to report production and possessio .
 gunmen kill mayor of mexican town <sec> vista hermosa mayor octavio manuel carrillo castellanos killed outside home .  carrillo is second mayor in pacific coast state of michoacan killed in eight months .  drug traffickers have adopted campaign of intimidation against authorities .  u.s. state department issues travel alert for americans considering visit to mexic .
 chavez cuts all ties with colombia <sec> chavez says uribe had asked him to help secure the release of hostages .  uribe cited chavez 's direct communication with uribe 's top general as breach .  chavez accuses uribe of lying .  chavez says his arms are open to the colombian peopl .
 oscar pistorius trial : ex-girlfriend says pistorius cheated on her <sec> new : oscar pistorius told security guards everything was fine , guard supervisor testifies .  ex-girlfriend says pistorius always slept with a gun near his bed .  pistorius admits he killed his girlfriend but says it was an acciden .
 5 ways facebook 's mark zuckerberg wields his clout <sec> mark zuckerberg is increasingly speaking up on non-facebook issues .  facebook ceo announces new effort to bring web access to nearly 5 billion people .  he has donated to schools and politicians from both major u.s. parties .  zuckerberg also spearheaded tech-industry efforts to pass immigration refor .
 two arrested in connection with texas church fires <sec> new : call to a tip hot line led to the arrests , atf says .  new : source : evidence linked to one of the suspects through dna .  two men charged with arson in connection with one texas church fire .  men are suspects in nine other church fires in east texas , authorities sa .
 gambia frees 2 americans imprisoned for treason ; agrees to halt executions <sec> jesse jackson appeals directly to gambia 's president for the release .  president yahya jammeh in addition agrees to halt death row executions .  rights groups say death sentences are handed down to repress political opposition .  the americans were not on death row and had not received death sentence .
 isis video of 4th westerner killing similar to others , but does n't run as long <sec> the four isis videos have several similar elements .  in all , a black clad man with a british accent addresses western leaders .  the alan henning video has a few differences .  it 's not as long as the other videos and henning speaks les .
