 white house under assault over obamacare , nsa , benghazi <sec> the white house is on the defensive over claims some could lose health coverage .  the administration is also facing criticism over spying allegations .  benghazi is also resurfacing as senator threatens to delay nominations .  the controversies are sure to fuel partisan rancor as midterm campaigns ramp u .
 undeterred by scandal , duchess appears at book show <sec> the duchess of york is a bestselling author of children 's books .  she is at book show to promote new series about overcoming growing pains .  tabloid posts video that appears to show her accepting money for access .  ferguson apologizes ; palace says prince andrew unaware of alleged dea .
 navy to cut up ship stranded on reef <sec> u.s. minesweeper has been stuck off philippines since january 17 .  attempts to float the ship at high tide failed .  crews are removing fuel , hazardous materials , salvageable things .  fragile reef hosts 500 fish species , 350 coral specie .
 cnn student news - march 28 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum 's newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 dead athletes ' brains show damage from concussions <sec> new : researchers find start of brain damage in 18-year old athlete who died .  new : same type of brain damage found in sixth dead nfl player .  damage from repeated concussions is called chronic traumatic encephalopathy .  symptoms can include depression , sleep disorders , headache .
 yemeni girl from youtube wants education , not marriage <sec> in 2½ minute youtube video , nada , 11 , says death would be better than marriage .  `` what about the innocence of childhood ? '' .  she says in video .  cnn gains exclusive access to parties involved in cas .
 voices of hope in the face of evil <sec> cnn 's christiane amanpour traveled the globe for documentary on genocide .  amanpour : the few people who stand up and confront evil give me hop .
 russian lawmakers revoke power to use force in ukraine <sec> nato agrees to a package of support to help ukraine defend itself .  russia 's federation council cancels resolution authorizing use of troops in ukraine .  president vladimir putin asked for the step in light of peace talks , his spokesman says .  john kerry and other nato foreign ministers are meeting in belgiu .
 first drone strike in pakistan since protest march kills 5 , officials say <sec> four missiles are fired at a suspected militant hideout , intelligence officials say .  it was the first drone strike since a protest march at the weekend against the attacks .  the strike took place in a district of pakistan 's volatile tribal regio .
 kristin cavallari and jay cutler are engaged ... again ! <sec> `` jay and i are engaged again : ) '' kristin cavallari tweeted .  the couple originally got engaged in april , only to split in july .  jay cutler rooted for his ex on `` dancing with the stars .
 allen : well is dead , but much gulf coast work remains <sec> the response will `` go on as long as it takes , '' thad allen says .  allen says we need to better understand what 's happening on the sea floor .  whether bp re-enters the reservoir would be a policy decision , he say .
 dear lupus , i want me back <sec> lupus symptoms are unpredictable with potential to damage any organ .  lupus has no known cause or cure .  an estimated 1.5 million americans have lupus .  the lupus foundation of america 's mission is to improve lives , find cur .
 books : 'the revisionists ' searches for a perfect future <sec> `` the revisionists '' is a new time-travel thriller from author thomas mullen .  the main character , zed , has been sent back in time to protect the the future .  mullen says his focus is on the nature of history and how it 's shaped than the science of time trave .
 phil spector moved to california prison <sec> music producer was sentenced to 19 years to life in actress ' death .  he will be housed in corcoran prison 's `` sensitive-needs yard '' .  area is for inmates with safety concerns , like celebrities or ex-gang member .
 when to call on the concierge <sec> some hotel guests are intimidated or confused by concierge services .  `` we 're approachable , and we 're not snobs , '' says a ritz-carlton concierge .  concierges serve all guests , and tipping is appreciated , not mandate .
 iranian forces disperse protesters with batons , tear gas <sec> july 9 marks 10th anniversary of turning point in iranian reformist movement .  massive protests rocked iran in the days following the june 12 election .  supporters of opposition candidates questioned the legitimacy of the vote .  irna : police chief urges citizens of tehran to consider leavin .
 rouhani : iran could talk with u.s. if it quits bullying , respects rights <sec> new : u.s. must respect iran 's nuclear rights before talks can begin , hassan rouhani says .  the west knows sanctions do n't work , he says ; they benefit only israel .  iran 's president-elect : nuclear program lawful , but more transparency needed .  government will pursue policies of `` moderation and justice , and not extremism and egoism .
 tips applying , choosing lipstick colors <sec> gloss taking backseat to bold colors in lipsticks .  exfoliate lips before applying a bold hue .  melissa silver : `` anyone can wear plum or sheer red '' at night .  aj crimson likes subtle pink or sheer beige for all skin tones for da .
 reports : teen daniel perry committed suicide over skype blackmail <sec> new : funeral held for hannah smith , 14 ; family says her suicide followed online bullying .  daniel perry took his own life after he fell victim to a web blackmail scam , uk reports say .  `` heart-rending that a young person could be deceived in such a way , '' charity says .  police in scotland say they are investigating a teenage boy 's suicid .
 air marshal chief bought guns , but says he did nothing wrong <sec> official in charge of undercover agents on commercial flights talks to cnn .  he says he bought guns from employee under investigation , but says he did nothing wrong .  robert bray is retiring from the federal air marshal servic .
 ronaldo free-kick puts united eight clear <sec> cristiano ronaldo scores the winner as manchester united beat blackburn 2-1 .  nicholas anelka scores the only goal to give chelsea 1-0 victory at aston villa .  the goal lifts chelsea above their opponents into third place in premier league .  arsenal fail to take advantage of villa defeat after drawing 0-0 with sunderlan .
 venezuela seizes u.s.-owned food plant <sec> venezuela cites production quota dispute in takeover of pasta-making plant .  government will take over plant belonging to cargill for 90 days .  minnesota-based food giant has no immediate comment on seizure .  cargill rice plant seized by president hugo chavez 's government in marc .
 mexican-american boy 's national anthem sparks racist comments <sec> sebastien de la cruz , 11 , sang the national anthem at nba finals on tuesday .  racists comments spread via twitter after the mexican-american boy 's performance .  sebastien stands resilient : `` i 'm a proud american and live in a free country . .  it 's not hurting me . '' .  father says he is n't `` taken the comments personally , ca n't satisfy everyone .
 indian minister resigns over mumbai attacks <sec> indian home minister shivraj patil resigns over attacks .  report : india considering suspending five-year-old cease-fire with pakistan .  officials link boat floating off mumbai to attacks ; calls placed to pakistan .  at least 183 killed during attacks , according to federal official .
 irs targeting included liberal groups <sec> the irs targeting was more widespread than previously revealed .  the use of so-called bolo lists to screen applicants has been halted .  official : an ongoing irs probe of targeting finds no evidence yet of outside influence .  the fbi and several congressional committees also are investigatin .
 nicolas cage settles lawsuit with his son 's mother <sec> the settlement was `` mutually satisfying , '' christina fulton 's lawyer says .  fulton sued cage , accusing of breaking a promise to give her the house .  she says she will now seek a conservatorship for her grown son because of mental issue .
 prosecutor blasts google over drug ads <sec> prosecutor : google should crack down on ads touting unlawful prescription drugs .  `` google is aiding and abetting criminal activity , '' state prosecutor says .  google says it 's cracking down but results `` reflect the web and what 's online '' .  the search giant paid a $ 500 million civil fine over the issue in 201 .
 revising history to show america 's 'secret heroes ' <sec> authors : everyday americans have influenced history as much as presidents , generals .  reviving forgotten history allows people to connect with their pasts .  author kenneth c. davis believes history must be constantly revise .
 why vladimir putin thinks it 's still 1985 <sec> putin accused of fuelling separatist rebellion in mainly russian-speaking east of ukraine .  on international stage , russia has been excluded from g8 group of industrialized nations .  but russian leader appears unmoved , his ukraine policy unchanged .  putin told cnn 's matthew chance : russians should be given guarantees no one attacks u .
 netanyahu : jerusalem not a settlement but our capital <sec> new : netanyahu tells israeli lobby that jewish building in east jerusalem will continue .  commitment to israel `` unwavering , enduring and forever , '' hillary clinton says .  secretary of state says u.s. will also continue to rebuke israel when necessary .  construction plans in east jerusalem has strained u.s.-israeli tie .
 5 myths ( and one surprising fact ) about lent <sec> despite its ancient history , myths about lent abound .  starting on ash wednesday , more than 1 billion christians will enter the solemn church season in preparation for easte .
 iraq suicide bombing kills five u.s. soldiers <sec> new : attack is deadliest on u.s. forces in more than a year .  suicide bomber explodes truck at national police headquarters in mosul .  five americans among eight dead ; 60 others wounded .  mosul , 260 miles north of baghdad , called last urban stronghold of al qaeda in ira .
 cnn to track debate viewers ' responses in real time <sec> randomly chosen , undecided democrats will watch debate while turning dials .  dials will rate their positive and negative responses to each debater .  group members will be asked questions about candidates before , after debat .
 fritzl daughter testifies in incest case <sec> incest rapist josef fritzl in austrian court for the second day of his trial .  fritzl drops his guard , is pictured without binder obscuring his face .  austrian accused of keeping daughter in cellar for decades , fathering her 7 children .  daughter elisabeth give pre-recorded videotaped evidenc .
 survey : smartphones are for singles , tablets for couples <sec> survey : singles are more likely to own smartphones , couples to have tablets .  difference may be because married folks are usually older , more financially secure .  the survey sampled 2,006 adults in the united state .
 taking heart amid syria 's carnage <sec> four-year-old girl with heart condition forced to flee home in syria .  the infant required treatment outside of her war-torn country .  she eventually found a hospital willing to perform surgery in neighboring israel .  save a child 's heart organization works to give children heart surgery for fre .
 does israel have a military option on iran ? <sec> dan arbell : israel 's leaders can criticize a potential deal with iran on its nuclear program .  he says a military option could set back iran 's nuclear program but would be too costly politically and diplomaticall .
 reconstructing the trail of dzhokhar tsarnaev 's deleted instagram account <sec> accused bomber had a little-known and now deleted instagram account .  digital traces still remain of dzhokhar tsarnaev 's deleted post .  investigators are likely to look closely at the instagram trail .  one of dzhokhar 's friends says he `` was the last person you 'd expect to do this .
 like phoenix , local 9/11 memorial rises from the ashes <sec> artist , sculptor and former marine forging 9/11 memorial for atlanta suburb .  curtis james miller will unveil memorial sunday , 10th anniversary of terrorist attacks .  memorial depicts phoenix wing rising from ashes , framing piece of twin towers stee .
 nine aviation mysteries highlight long history of plane disappearances <sec> this is not the first time a plane has vanished without a trace .  eleven years ago , a boeing 727 went missing in angola .  in 1945 , five navy bombers disappeared on the florida coast , never to be seen again .  while wreckage of some has been found , mysteries remain on the causes of the crashe .
 bahrain grand prix organizers abandon plans for re-scheduled race <sec> bahrain grand prix organizers abandon plans to stage a race this year .  race had been given a provisional new date of october 30 .  decision by world motor sport council was widely criticized .  civil unrest in gulf kingdom has left about 30 people dea .
 washington starts issuing same-sex marriage licenses <sec> washington begins issuing same-sex marriage licenses thursday .  a lesbian couple who have been together since 1977 received the first license in king county .  voters in maryland and maine also approved same-sex marriages last mont .
 warne fined $ 50k ahead of retirement <sec> shane warne fined $ 50,000 by indian cricket 's ruling body after criticizing official .  former australia star had faced a possible ban ahead of his final ipl match .  the 41-year-old will be allowed to play in friday 's match for rajasthan against mumbai .  he has been playing in the indian twenty20 tournament since it started in 200 .
 ukraine tense as russia launches military drills ; activists are killed <sec> new : additional u.s. sanctions against russia could come as early as friday , officials say .  kerry : russia will make an `` expensive mistake '' if it does n't de-escalate situation .  `` russia has put its faith in distraction , deception and destabilization , '' he adds .  russian defense chief plans military drills in response to kiev 's action , report say .
 'irresistible force ' brings jane 's addiction back together <sec> the alternative rock pioneers are prepping the release of `` the great escape artist '' .  cnn visits band during video shoot for new single , `` irresistible force '' .  lead singer perry farrell says the song chronicles how the universe was create .
 $ 400 million powerball lottery ticket sold in south carolina <sec> new : winner has yet to come forward , lottery official says thursday morning .  the winning ticket was purchased in lexington , south carolina .  the odds of winning were 1 in 175,22,510 .  the winning numbers : 7 , 10 , 22 , 32 , 35 and powerball 1 .
 aid group : women and children casualties in ivory coast market attack <sec> new : women and children are among the dead in market attack , says doctors without borders .  u.n. chief condemns killings , calls for security council action .  at least 25 people were killed thursday , the u.n. refugee agency says .  france condemns the violence and calls for sanction .
 europe 's newest front line against isis : a spanish town <sec> melilla is a tiny spanish enclave in north africa .  it is also a makeshift haven for a tide of immigrants hoping to get to europe .  spanish authorities fear that among them may be jihadists aiming for europ .
 how to choose a golf instructor <sec> handy hints from the pga to help secure the right golf coach for your game .  personality type and mutual goals are crucial to get the best from a coach .  check your instructor has the education and experience to improve your game .  your instructor should be available , at no extra charge , to answer concern .
 chinese businessman huang eyes liverpool bid <sec> chinese businessman kenneth huang makes enquiry about buying english club liverpool .  royal bank of scotland confirm to cnn huang contacted them about a deal .  liverpool has been officially up for sale since april .  current american owners george gillett and tom hicks are unpopular with fan .
 new michael brown details confirmed <sec> nothing in a new york times report would block prosecution , a brown family attorney says .  it 's important to have a public airing of all facts at trial , daryl parks says .  investigators found brown 's blood on the officer 's gun , uniform and cruiser , sources say .  an inquiry has found no civil rights violations , according to the new york time .
 navy ship outruns pirates , officials say <sec> pirates fired small arms at usns lewis and clark .  commander praises evasive maneuvers that the crew used to escape .  this year 97 attempts to attack merchant ships have been made ; 27 were successfu .
 prostitution ring in madrid tattooed 19-year-old woman with bar code <sec> a 19-year-old woman forced into prostitution tries to escape but fails .  ring leader tattoos a bar code on her wrist to mark his `` ownership '' .  beneath the bar code is the tattooed amount of money she owes the ring .  two arrested romanian men -- an uncle and nephew -- are accused of being ring leader .
 obama urges probe into mine disaster after last bodies found <sec> president obama calls for thorough investigation into mine blast .  four missing miners found dead ; death toll in west virginia coal mine explosion now at 29 .  most of the victims were working in an area where long wall cutting was taking plac .
 first xi : noughties soccer heroes <sec> fanzone reflects on the characters who have contributed so much to the soccer story that has captivated fans since 2000 .  the top stars of soccer have seen their salaries climb to record levels since the turn of the century but are they worth it ? .  here is the fanzone select eleven of noughties soccer heroes -- do you agree with the line-up .
 soldier 's letters give first-hand look at spanish flu pandemic <sec> u.s. soldier survived spanish flu pandemic not once , but twice .  1918 spanish flu ravaged military camps where soldiers trained for wwi .  letter says camp put `` under quarantine to prevent an epidemic of spanish influenza '' .  martin `` al '' culhane in letter told his brother to keep infection secret from rest of famil .
 opinion : it 's not rahm emanuel 's fault that chicago is divided <sec> jim lasko differs with opinion piece blaming mayor rahm emanuel for division in chicago .  he says emanuel inherited a city already deeply divided between rich and poor .  lasko says the mayor has to do best he can to cope in a flawed political system .  he says it 's a mistake to oversimplify chicago 's problems and blame them on one perso .
 cinematic titanic 's struggle with 'weisenheimer's ' <sec> cinematic titanic take their wisecracking brand of movie-heckling humor on the road .  dragon*con is a good fit , because of the individuality fostered at the convention .  coming up next : `` watch out for snakes '' in which people are ravage .
 child who survived alps killings returns to uk <sec> the 7-year-old girl is potentially the only person now alive who saw the killings , authorities say .  a french prosecutor and judge are in britain seeking new leads in the case .  a british cyclist who was first at the scene of the shootings recounts what he saw .  saad al-hilli , his wife and mother-in-law were shot dead , along with a french cyclis .
 aung san suu kyi : peaceful freedom fighter <sec> aung san suu kyi is the daughter of assassinated myanmar independence hero general aung san .  she became involved in the pro-democracy demonstrations that erupted on august 8 , 1988 .  the ruling military junta in myanmar first placed suu kyi under house arrest in 1989 .  suu kyi last released in 2010 and has now won a seat in the country 's parliamen .
 should you settle for mr . right now ? <sec> new book makes a case for women being less choosy .  `` marry him : the case for settling for mr. good enough '' stirring debate .  author lori gottlieb is 42 and facing challenges of datin .
 historic protests convulse mexico <sec> protesters are using comments from mexico 's top prosecutor as a rallying cry .  `` enough , i 'm tired , '' jesús murillo karam said while talking about missing students case .  the case and its aftermath have become a political crisis for mexico 's presiden .
 fbi seizes letter from jackie kennedy to rfk 's widow <sec> fbi trying to determine who owns letter written by jackie kennedy in 1968 .  letter passed from collector to collector , but widow says she gave it to no one .  letter found among papers of russell nuckols , who died in 1999 , son says .  son thomas nuckols told authorities he found it among the papers left by his fathe .
 boxing : ioc wait on corruption inquiry <sec> amateur boxing hit by 'cash for gold medals ' bribery allegations ahead of london olympics .  bbc report claims money changed hands to make sure azerbaijan fighters won at next year 's games .  international amateur boxing association to launch an inquiry into the allegations .  international olympic committee urge bbc to make all their evidence available for scrutin .
