 japan gets graphic to save energy <sec> japan has unofficial summer policy of 'setsuden ' -- energy saving .  this year has extra significance with power capacity reduced post-fukushima nuclear crisis .  japanese graphic designers have produced posters to encourage public energy efficienc .
 france world cup coach deschamps sues model over nasri twitter rant <sec> model anara atanes tweeted `` f*** france '' .  she was angry her boyfriend did n't make the french national team .  samir nasri said of his omission from world cup roster : `` that 's life .
 china : top official zhou yongkang charged with bribery <sec> prosecutors formally charged former top official zhou yongkang .  zhou charged with accepting bribes , abuse of power and leaking state secrets .  former domestic security official is the most senior chinese official to face corruption charge .
 philadelphia archdiocese finds 2 priests unsuitable for ministry <sec> two catholic priests in philadelphia have been declared unsuitable for ministry .  archdiocese says there were `` substantiated violations '' found .  the priests were two of 26 who were suspended by the archdiocese in 201 .
 opinion : thank you , miss america <sec> roxanne jones : indian-american miss america a reminder of universality of american beauty .  she says these days everyone knows it , even though haters and runway fashion culture lag .  she says proud indian-american nina davuluri could help draw attention to sex assault in india .  jones : women , like julie chen , who changed eyes for tv , can embrace any beauty they wan .
 'scary stories ' movie finds a new writer <sec> alvin schwartz 's `` scary stories to tell in the dark '' is being adapted .  the young adult short story collection is known for being terrifying .  screenwriter john august says the movie wo n't be that kid-friendl .
 miami dolphins cut chad johnson after head-butting arrest <sec> new : the dolphins say they 've terminated the contract of chad johnson .  johnson 's wife says he head-butted her , causing a 3-inch cut to her forehead .  the football player said his wife head-butted him , an arrest report says .  johnson and his wife , reality tv star evelyn lozada , argued after she found a receipt for condom .
 from clinton to palin to bachmann : why some dems now support gop women <sec> former hillary clinton supporters now impressed by republican women .  bachmann , palin seen as best way to break the glass ceiling in presidential politics .  democrats dismiss interest , pointing to palin 's defeat in 200 .
 ba to lease planes , workers during strike <sec> ba : contingency plans will allow about 45,000 customers to fly each day .  it plans to lease up to 22 aircraft with pilots and crews from eight different airlines .  the industrial action is over planned changes to cabin crew conditions .  union says plans call for working hours to be extended and crew levels to be cu .
 scientists track penguin poop from space <sec> british scientists are using a new way to pinpoint penguin colonies in antarctica .  satellites pick up images of penguin waste as actual penguins can not be seen .  the method helped scientists identify 38 penguin colonies -- of those , 10 were ne .
 china complains about arms sales to taiwan <sec> china : sale of the missiles by lockheed martin will undermine sino-u.s. cooperation .  u.s. spokesman said the united states reserves the right to sell arms to taiwan .  china considers taiwan as a breakaway province and does not recognize it as a sovereign natio .
 michael schumacher in critical condition after skiing accident <sec> hospital officials say michael schumacher required immediate brain surgery .  the formula one legend is in critical condition , the hospital says .  german suffers head injury off-piste in the french resort town of meribel .  resort 's director says 44-year-old hit his head on a rock after fallin .
 attempted rape complaint filed against strauss-kahn in france <sec> new : tristane banon tells l'express she was fed up with being labelled a liar .  new : the attorney for the accuser in new york said she is suing new york post for libel .  a french journalist 's lawyer says he filed a criminal complaint over a 2003 incident in france .  `` if i want one day to put an end to this hell of the past eight years , it has to go to court , '' said bano .
 boateng wants refs to have stronger powers in racism fight <sec> ac milan player invited to become part of fifa 's anti-discrimination task force .  kevin-prince boateng tells cnn that referees need more power to combat racism .  he says there will be stronger sanctions from football authorities in the future .  boateng says he is still stunned by worldwide impact of his protest walkof .
 jury gets case of two ex-cops tried in death of homeless man <sec> kelly thomas , 37 , died after being beaten by fullerton police department officers .  two former officers are on trial in his death .  manuel ramos is charged with second-degree murder and involuntary manslaughter .  jay cicinelli is charged with involuntary manslaughter and use of excessive forc .
 missing child case 'awakened america ' <sec> new : new york police say a man has been arrested in the death of etan patz .  the case was the first of several high-profile missing children cases .  etan 's photo was posted on milk cartons , a new idea at the time .  abductions by strangers are rare ; runaways are much more numerou .
 report : 140 detained in russian raid targeting suspected extremists <sec> state news : the operation targeted suspected members of islamic extremist groups .  more than 30 of those detained are foreign national .
 rios montt rejects genocide charges as history-making trial nears end <sec> efrain rios montt of guatemala addresses the court for the first time thursday .  he is accused of genocide and crimes against humanity .  rios montt denies he ordered atrocities against indigenous villages .  it is the first time a former head of state has been tried for genocide in his own countr .
 asian economic outlook 'bleak ' for 2009 <sec> economic growth in developing asia forecast to slip to 3.4 percent in 2009 .  growth could improve to 6 percent in 2010 , report says .  report : slowdown could prompt asian nations to not be as dependent on export .
 can iran and america be friends ? <sec> amir : the fate of a former marine can push the u.s. and iran into a military conflict .  he says that the incident of american sailors rescuing iranian fishermen is a diplomatic feat .  amir : what if the whole rescue incident was an act of god ? .  he says many in iran dream of an iranian spring , they do not want war with the u.s. ( or israel .
 cyberattacks and north korea top issues for obama and xi <sec> obama and xi are meeting at an estate outside los angeles .  the setting is less formal than traditional summits between top leaders .  observers say it is a chance to set the agenda for future u.s.-chinese relations .  cybersecurity and north korea are seen as the key issue .
 state report blasts uc-davis over pepper spray incident <sec> new : the report criticizes `` systemic and repeated failures '' by uc-davis leaders .  it calls police use of pepper spray on demonstrators `` objectively unreasonable '' .  the november incident drew widespread criticism of uc-davis authorities .  there was `` little evidence '' that police faced violence from protesters , the report state .
 cdc studies deadly bacteria 's link to doctors ' offices <sec> c. difficile , is typically found in hospitals , but a study finds link to doctor , dentist visits .  the bacteria can cause deadly diarrhea , according to the cdc , with infections on the ris .
 russian tycoon to english country gent : leon max and his stately home <sec> easton neston is a playground for england 's eccentric and carefree landed gentry .  the owner of this estate is no ordinary lord of the manor -- it 's russian tycoon leon max .  max , who has launched his new clothing line in the uk , is enamored with all things english .  he also hosts huge dinner parties and shooting days at his country estat .
 first try at inserting siphon tube in ruptured oil pipe fails , bp says <sec> new : bp official says use of underwater dispersants `` appears '' to be working .  bp says it will try again saturday night to insert tube .  the method is designed to contain the flow , not stop it , bp official say .
 u.s.a.f assists in rescue of chinese sailors , six remain missing <sec> chinese sailors found floating on life raft by venezuelan fishing boat after their ship sank .  11 rescued , including two who are seriously injured and two who later died .  six seamen remain missing .  u.s. air force assisted in the rescu .
 copenhagen : insider tips <sec> if you 're a bit of a museum buff then it pays to invest in a copenhagen card .  louisiana museum of modern art is a superb combination of nature and art .  nørrebro is an up-and-coming area , with trendy bars , clubs and restaurants .  take a canal tour to get a different view of the city or try the water bus servic .
 obama sent letter to iran leader before election , sources say <sec> white house refuses to `` get into the specifics , '' administration official says .  obama 's letter requested dialogue and engagement , iranian sources say .  sources : ayatollah ali khamenei has n't replied to letter sent before june 12 election .  khamenei made an indirect reference to letter in sermon last wee .
 are 'swift boat ' attacks on obama bogus ? <sec> former u.s. officers accuse obama of leaking classified information for political gain .  peter bergen says much of the information cited came from sources outside white house .  he says administration sought to keep details secret , but events led to disclosures .  bergen says the idea that obama does n't deserve credit for bin laden raid is wron .
 arnold palmer : injury wo n't stop me at masters <sec> four-time masters winner suffered dislocated shoulder in december .  he has struck ceremonial opening tee shot at masters since 2007 .  doctors wo n't allow him to swing a golf club yet .  he vows to be `` out on that tee even if i fan it .
 opinion : gay rights opponents ' last argument <sec> paul waldman : opponents of marriage equality say they are n't motivated by bigotry .  waldman : they argue that gay marriage may adversely affect straight marriage .  he says in the military , for example , the end of `` do n't ask do n't tell '' did n't cause problems .  waldman : the `` it 's not you , it 's me '' argument is ridiculous and all opponents have lef .
 transcript : mccain concedes presidency <sec> mccain : sen. obama has achieved a great thing .  mccain : i urge all americans who supported me ... to bridge our differences .  mccain : we must work together to get our country moving agai .
 enjoy munich in the sun and the snow <sec> munich is great during oktoberfest , but it 's also wonderful year-round .  in the cooler months , enjoy the beautiful scenery and browse holiday markets .  when it 's warm , check out a beer garden and make time for some fun in the sun .  have you been to munich ? .  share your story with cnn irepor .
 obama : 'i screwed up ' on daschle appointment <sec> obama tells cnn 's anderson cooper : 'i take responsibility for it ' .  president says message was sent that the politically powerful are treated differently .  daschle apologizes for what he says were honest mistakes involving taxes .  obama also discusses declining economy and fight against terrorist group .
 handshake the latest step on road to northern ireland peace <sec> northern ireland 's deputy first minister martin mcguinness meets the queen .  mcguinness is a former commander of the irish republican army , or ira .  handshake between the pair marks symbolic end to decades of sectarian conflic .
 report : torture in egypt rampant amid impunity for security forces <sec> a 96-page human rights watch report details cases of detainee mistreatment .  the report was compiled before the current unrest .  report : those guilty of abuses are often not held accountable .  cnn was unable to get a response from the egyptian governmen .
 hardworking americans should not be living in poverty <sec> writers : working at minimum wage , americans ca n't keep families fed and clothed .  as prices rise , they say , federal minimum wage stays at $ 7.25 an hour , or $ 15,080 a year .  writers : as ceos , corporations profit , middle-class jobs lost to low-wage work .  writers : minimum wage hike would help struggling american .
 myanmar calls fatal blasts a terror attack <sec> new : government says says three explosions were act of terror .  new : official death toll is 8 , but hospital says 20 were killed .  crowds taking part in annual water festival .  yangon is commercial hub of country under military rul .
 new zealand zoo : lost penguin with stomach full of sand might recover <sec> new zealanders spot an emperor penguin 3,000 kilometers from its habitat .  it 's possible the bird mistook or tried to substitute the sand for snow or ice .  the bird has undergone two stomach flushes .  the penguin is dubbed `` happy feet '' by locals , but a zoo steers clear of naming i .
 31 victims identified in widening air force sex scandal <sec> gen. edward rice says air force broadening investigation to `` actively seek any others '' .  one male instructor has pleaded guilty ; 11 more either facing charges or under investigation .  air force shuts down all recruit training for one day at lackland air force base to give survey .  former marine : basic training is `` a target-rich environment for sexual predators .
 tyson 's daughter dies after accident , police say <sec> tyson family thanks public for support , prayers , asks for privacy .  exodus tyson strangled by treadmill cord while playing on machine , police say .  `` it appears that this is nothing except a horrible tragedy , '' sgt . .  andy hill says .  she is daughter of former heavyweight boxing champion mike tyso .
 ivory coast grab late draw <sec> ivory coast score late equalizer against mali .  wolves ' bakary sako gave mali early lead .  civ 's gradel scored with seven minutes lef .
 falling out of love with my iphone <sec> dean obeidallah : my iphone has been great to me , but i 'm getting restless .  he says he 's losing interest in the rumors of a new iphone 5 .  he 's even flirting with the `` younger samsung galaxy .
 indian oil workers end crippling strike <sec> workers ended strike after govt . .  threats to suspend , fire or arrest workers .  impact of the strike had been felt across all major cities in india .  45,000 workers walked off the job at govt.-controlled companies wednesday .  government had refused their demands for higher pa .
 man goes from heroic husband to hammer-wielding wife killer <sec> michael ratley , 25 , sentenced to life without parole for murdering wife .  prosecutors : ratley beat wife with hammer four weeks after rescuing her from fire .  family says ratley was gentle man ; attorneys call murder `` single , horrible snapshot '' .  effie ratley 's family recall her spirit , love for newborn so .
 obama outlines ambitious agenda for 'lasting prosperity ' <sec> `` we will rebuild , we will recover , '' obama says .  obama 's budget priorities are energy , health care and education .  obama says budget will pay for more soldiers and marines .  gov . .  jindal calls stimulus bill `` irresponsible '' in gop respons .
 courting the perfect beach partner : rogers and doherty the dream duo <sec> todd rogers and ryan doherty are u.s. beach volleyball stars .  rogers has won olympic gold and a world championship .  doherty is former baseball player who has taken up beach volleyball .  the pair could compete at the 2016 olympics in ri .
 test of missile defense system declared a success <sec> branches of u.s. military conduct joint test of missile defense system .  a simulated ballistic missile threat was launched from the marshall islands .  military says long-range interceptor launched from california did its jo .
 yacht killing case shines light on 'sugar daddy ' sites <sec> new : alix tichelman , 26 , pleads not guilty and is denied a reduced bond .  forrest timothy hayes , 51 , was found dead on his california yacht in november .  hayes and tichelman met through a `` sugar daddy '' website .  through these sites , women are paid for the company by older me .
 oscar winners according to cnn readers <sec> cnn readers predicted four of the six major categories correctly .  cnn readers thought `` lincoln 's '' tommy lee jones deserved to win best supporting actor .  christoph waltz took home the supporting actor oscar for his role in `` django unchained .
 the secret power of youtube <sec> youtube does n't get enough credit for its productive side , says chris anderson .  online video on youtube , other sites drives `` crowd-accelerated innovation , '' he says .  anderson : global sharing of video prompts outstanding performances in variety of fields .  `` tomorrow 's best teachers will be global stars reaching literally millions of kids , '' he say .
 john lennon 's tooth up for auction <sec> the son of lennon 's former housekeeper is selling what he says is the singer 's tooth .  the molar has some discoloration and a cavity .  reserve bidding price set at $ 16,00 .
 rocket from gaza fired into israeli city <sec> it 's the first attack into ashkelon since cease-fire two weeks ago .  coastal city of ashkelon is about 12 miles north of gaza .  israeli defense forces say missile did n't cause any damage or injuries .  palestinians say more than 1,300 died after recent israeli attacks on hama .
 mccain apology angers conservative host <sec> radio talk-show host bill cunningham : sen. john mccain `` threw me under the bus '' .  mccain distances self from broadcaster 's remarks on hillary clinton , barack obama .  cunningham uses obama 's middle name -- hussein -- at mccain event .  commentator says mccain `` ought to attack democrats , '' not conservative .
 opinion : india overreacts to diplomat 's arrest <sec> u.s.-india in diplomatic dispute over treatment of consular official in new york .  jeremy carl : india 's government and media overreacted to the events .  he says india 's retaliatory measures do n't befit a great country , needlessly endanger u.s. relations .  carl : few observers in india focused on the apparent plight of the domestic worke .
 communists , capitalists still buy into iconic che photo , author says <sec> photo of revolutionary che guevara is the most reproduced image in history .  michael casey examines how photo became `` quintessential post-modern icon '' .  the picture was taken on march 5 , 1960 by cuban photographer alberto korda .  the image is now seen around the world , on everything from t-shirts to condom .
 missing the best chance to prevent terror bombing <sec> debate has ranged widely over how to prevent terrorist attacks .  arun kundnani says answer is not more and more surveillance .  he says mosque leaders are fearful of engaging in discussion with radicals .  kundnani : do n't toss people like tamerlan tsarnaev out of mosques ; confront the .
 lens into hidden lives of hong kong domestic workers <sec> filipino domestic worker captures hong kong 's street scenes with black and white photographs .  xyza cruz bacani 's work was recognized by a well-known documentary photographer .  bacani recently hosted her second solo photography exhibitio .
 poland 's capital invites visitors to 'fall in love with warsaw ' <sec> the historic center of warsaw is designated as a world heritage site .  statue of frederic chopin draws music lovers and pianists for outdoor concerts .  much of warsaw was destroyed during world war ii , then faithfully restored .  poland has been a member of the european union since 200 .
 officials : u.s. forces vacate pakistan base by deadline <sec> pakistan requests u.s. forces vacate the shamsi airbase by december 11 .  fifty-one american personnel have left the air base , military officials sa .
 the rise and rapid fall of egypt 's mohamed morsy <sec> mohamed morsy is pushed from office by egypt 's military and is reportedly detained .  morsy , of the muslim brotherhood , was egypt 's first freely elected president .  morsy inherited a poor economy and corrupt bureaucracy , analysts say .  the u.s.-educated islamist lacks charisma and was n't an inclusive leader , they sa .
 street kid reporters document life in delhi 's slums <sec> chandni , 14 , was a street child but is now reporting for a community newspaper .  save the children : estimated 50,000 children living on the streets of delhi .  working in conjunction with an ngo , balaknama employs street children .  they document life for children on the streets of india 's capital cit .
 military jury hears detainee 's abuse allegations in navy seal 's trial <sec> matthew mccabe has pleaded not guilty to punching iraqi detainee , dereliction of duty .  ahmed hashim abed says in recording he was punched , kicked while hands tied .  mccabe 's lawyer says he was doing his job ; blames abed 's mouth injury on canker sore .  two others have been acquitted of charges related to beatin .
 de villiers leads dakar after sainz crashes <sec> dakar leader carlos sainz crashes out of rally during thursday 's 12th stage .  the spaniard 's volkswagen careers into a ravine 79 kilometers into the stage .  sainz 's retirement hands the race advantage to south african giniel de villier .
