 islamic cleric facing terrorism charges killed in kenya <sec> aboud rogo mohammed was accused supporting al-shabaab militants in somalia .  kenya police are disappointed there will be no trial , a spokesman says .  rogo 's wife , hania said , claims the shooters were kenyan polic .
 thailand timeline 2001-2011 <sec> vote on sunday is first general election since 2007 .  since then two prime ministers of the people 's power party were removed , party banned .  parliamentary vote in 2008 put democrat party leader abhisit vejjajiva in office .  he faces yingluck shinawatra , sister of ousted prime minister thaksin shinawatr .
 jason leffler , accomplished racer , dies in dirt-track accident <sec> new : nascar veteran jason leffler had just returned to dirt-track racing .  he died wednesday in a crash at a new jersey dirt track .  nascar calls leffler a `` fierce competitor '' who will be missed .  `` lost a good guy tonight , '' racer bobby labonte tweet .
 opinion : how to make mental health care work <sec> debbie plotnick : much not known about deeds incident , but mental health implicated .  she says mental health care inadequate in u.s. , particularly with painful funding cuts .  she says obamacare , mental health parity act will help , but community effort needed .  plotnick : restored funding , along with peer support , coordinated services essentia .
 axles come loose on india 's economic juggernaut <sec> india looks for the upside to the rupee crisis - that it will boost exports .  analysts say its industrial base is too small and too bound up in red tape to respond quickly .  india still relies heavily on populist , capital-intensive government programs .  government borrowing is fueling excess demand and widening the current account deficit .
 banker 's home attacked as pension fury grows <sec> scottish home of former royal bank of scotland boss fred goodwin vandalized .  statement issued to media oorganizations warns of more attacks on bankers .  embattled u.s. insurance giant aig last week gave employees security advice .  last month british police said officers were preparing for `` summer of rage .
 fbi agent 's 'mental poker game ' against al qaeda <sec> one of the fbi 's former leading agent 's new book argues against torture as a technique .  ali soufan bluffed significant intelligence from major al qaeda operatives .  soufan : engaging detainees with 'mental poker ' more effective than violenc .
 five things we learned from the ashes <sec> england beat australia in thrilling first test at trent bridge .  england win by narrow margin of 14 runs after five days .  england bowler james anderson man-of-the-match after taking 10 wickets .  second test at lord 's starts on thursda .
 paul casey leads way at memorial as mcilroy collapses <sec> paul casey leads memorial after second round of 66 .  overnight leader rory mcilroy fades badly during second round .  bubba watson finishes day in second position .  top-ranked adam scott still in contentio .
 violence grows in arab town during right-wing israeli march <sec> stone throwing , tear gas and rubber bullets are seen during the demonstration .  the activists call for the outlaw of the islamic movement in israel .  kahane started a party that called for expulsion of palestinians from israel .  islamic movement : this march is a provocative marc .
 fla. mom found with knife ; 2 children dead , 1 critical <sec> police fired `` less lethal '' bean bag rounds at woman with knife after she did n't comply .  an autopsy set for sunday could help determine how the children died , police say .  3 children are found unresponsive at a home in palm bay , on florida 's east coas .
 should the knee defender be banned ? <sec> knee defender blocks passengers ' ability to recline their seats .  recent fight aboard united airlines flight calls into question whether such devices should be allowed .  incident sparks yet another debate over in-flight etiquette and whether passengers should reclin .
 standoff at cairo mosque-turned-makeshift morgue follows clashes <sec> new : more than 1,000 people are caught up in a standoff at a cairo mosque , officials say .  new : state tv reports 821 muslim brotherhood members arrested .  conflicting casualty figures put the death toll in cairo between 17 and 54 .  roving armed groups are sporadically clashing in cairo , state media report .
 nuclear disasters : is the fear realistic ? <sec> nuclear and hydropower have lower greenhouse gas releases than coal .  fukushima daiichi is further from los angeles than chernobyl is from new york .  countries have expressed skepticism about nuclear power .  yucca mountain in nevada is a proposed site to store used nuclear fuel in u.s .
 miley cyrus to ring in 21 with mtv reins <sec> miley cyrus will take over mtv for eight hours saturday .  the event is in honor of cyrus ' 21st birthday .  the singer/actress will be the subject of two tv specials .  she 'll also air episodes from her favorite mtv show .
 saudi prince : u.s. action , not words , key in mideast peace <sec> saudi prince turki al-faisal says u.s.-arab relations hinge on u.s. role in peace .  says u.s. lost arab support by backing israel in gaza `` catastrophe '' .  `` israel is radioactive in region ... .  anyone it touches becomes heroic , legitimate '' .  al-faisal believes u.s. and israel should negotiate with hama .
 yachting : no sport for the faint-hearted <sec> volvo ocean race begins in alicantes , spain in october .  sailors have died in yacht races as recently as september of this year .  the 1979 fastnet yacht race saw 15 people die in huge storm .
 l.a. mayor backs weighing student performance in evaluating teacher quality <sec> conference of mayors `` unanimously supports '' weighing student growth .  issues in new york , l.a. are likened to those in chicago , where teachers are striking .  `` the public wants to see more accountability , '' villaraigosa say .
 wikileaks 1975 cable : margaret thatcher a 'forceful ' leader <sec> wikileaks : 1975 state department cable captures political rise of margaret thatcher .  the alleged cable praises thatcher , saying she had a quick and profound mind .  thatcher became british prime minister in 1979 ; she died monday at age 8 .
 bruno mars scores big with super bowl <sec> sales of mars ' album rose by 164 % .  `` unorthodox jukebox '' could return to the top 10 .  forbes writer says mars may see concert gain .
 pound : 'only 10 % of olympics drugs cheats caught ' <sec> former wada chief dick pound claims only 10 % of drug cheaters are being caught .  pound says if athletes are prepared for tests , they wo n't get caught .  question have been raised over swimmer ye shiwen 's record breaking performances .  calling london games `` clean '' would be `` ambitious '' says poun .
 young immigrants prepare for new u.s. deportation policy <sec> u.s. officials have announced a deferred deportation program for young illegal immigrants .  details about how immigrants can apply have not been released .  youths are flooding consular offices , applying for mexican passports .  `` i feel like i need this opportunity to become a u.s. citizen , '' one teen say .
 mexican federal police attack u.s. diplomatic vehicle <sec> new : u.s. embassy says the wounded americans are in stable condition .  mexican marines say federal police opened fire on the u.s. embassy vehicle .  two embassy employees -- said to be u.s. citizens -- were wounde .
 faa chief 'infuriated ' by sleeping air traffic controllers <sec> new : faa officials , union representatives begin a cross-country tour in atlanta .  new : faa administrator randy babbitt says mistakes `` will not be tolerated '' .  the faa reported a seventh case of a controller asleep on the job this year .  controllers now must have a minimum of nine hours off between shift .
 'dream come true ' for youngest winner thompson <sec> lexi thompson becomes the youngest-ever winner on the lpga tour .  the 16-year-old clinched a five-shot victory at the navistar classic .  thompson participated at the women 's u.s. open aged 1 .
 flags in navy yard shooter aaron alexis ' past perhaps not red enough <sec> numerous incidents in aaron alexis ' past show that he was troubled , prone to violence .  alexis shooting out the tires of car in seattle in 2004 is the first in a string of instances .  2010 brings another arrest after alexis fires a bullet through the ceiling of an apartment .  last month , two years after his navy discharge , he tells police he heard voices in three hotel .
 obama vows to 'move american people 's agenda forward ' <sec> new : white house spokesman says he expects multiple meetings to occur .  obama wants the senate to approve an arms control treaty with russia .  he 'll meet leaders of the outgoing congress in two weeks , he says .  the bush tax cuts will be on the agend .
 soccer body takes tough line on russia over euro 2012 fans <sec> new : poland 's sports minister says the violence appalls her , but it wo n't spoil the event .  uefa imposes a suspended penalty on russia over disorder by its fans friday .  more than 150 poles and more than 20 russians are among 184 people detained by police .  poland is co-hosting the euro 2012 soccer tournament with ukrain .
 secret prince charles letters to be released <sec> letters from prince charles to officials must be released after a supreme court judgment .  britain 's guardian newspaper fought for 10 years to have the documents made public .  clarence house and prime minister david cameron call the decision disappointin .
 report : wikileaks ' spokesman to step down <sec> daniel domscheit-berg says wikileaks has a structural problem .  he repeatedly clashed with the website 's founder , julian assange .  the whistle-blower website has leaked thousands of classified document .
 david beckham becomes new face of chinese soccer <sec> soccer star david beckham appointed ambassador for chinese football .  paris saint-germain player will help to promote the game in china and abroad .  chinese football has been hit by high-profile match-fixing scandals .  didier drogba and nicolas anelka recently left chinese club shanghai shenhu .
 lincoln 's civil war proclamation up for sale <sec> the document authorized the blockade of southern ports .  the supreme court ruled the document to be the official start of the civil war .  the privately owned document has been on public display for several years .  it will be sold to the first bidder who offers the asking price of $ 900,00 .
 barcelona to face psg in quarterfinals <sec> barcelona to play paris saint-germain in the champions league quarterfinals .  the tie is a repeat of the 1995 quarterfinal , which psg won .  real madrid will face turkey 's galatasaray , while bayern munich drawn with juventus .  debutants malaga to play 1997 champions borussia dortmun .
 microsoft opens its own social network <sec> microsoft opens socl -- its social-meets-search site .  launched for testing in may , the site remains an open beta test .  anyone with a microsoft or facebook account can access i .
 opinion : four takeaways from world cup 2014 <sec> is it the star or the team ? .  amy bass says the world cup final went to the best team .  she says takeaways include the role of sports as an influence on and window into politics .  bass says it 's time for soccer to take its dangers seriously .  she says world cup showed enduring popularity of sport worldwide , gain in u.s. interes .
 sickle cell patient refuses to let disease define her <sec> marquita gaines is a 20-year-old college student with sickle cell disease .  sickle cell disease is a genetic blood disorder that can cause severe pain .  gaines receives a red blood cell exchange transfusion every six weeks .  each exchange transfusion requires 10 units of red blood cell .
 olympics 2012 : a spectacular triumph for london <sec> britain widely hailed for its staging of 2012 games , says simon hooper .  hooper : all previous doubts over security and cost were brushed aside .  2012 saw great achievements by male and female athletes .  olympics have revitalized london , one year after riots , hooper argue .
 dalai lama thanks india for 50 years in exile <sec> dalai lama marks 50 years in exile with exclusive cnn interview .  he recalls frightening flight over himalayas from tibet to india .  in video he explains why china should spy on him more .  he thanks india for years of support and for giving exiled tibetans a hom .
 checkered end-of-term report card for hu jintao <sec> hu jintao will be stepping down as china 's leader at the 18th party congress .  likely to be replaced by his current vice president , xi jinping .  hu presided over china as it became the world 's second biggest economy .  however critics point to growing rich-poor divide , corruption , authoritarian rul .
 china grapples with growing labor discontent <sec> china 's leadership are grappling with a rise in social unrest among the workforce .  since market reforms introduced in 1978 , the leap to prosperity has left millions behind .  migrant workers are refusing to put up with poor working conditions and low wages .  communist party leadership worried discontent could spread , undermine its legitimac .
 will infantry men accept women as peers ? <sec> maren leed : ban on women in combat has hurt operations , women 's promotion .  leed : integrating women into the physically demanding infantry presents challenges .  women are already in combat ; she says , the `` front line '' and `` rear line '' no longer exist .  leed : research into women in infantry might show that some limits might be appropriat .
 consumer advocates lead push for 'green ' cosmetics <sec> the fda does n't have to approve most beauty aids before they go on the market .  safe cosmetics act of 2011 seeks to remove harmful ingredients from products .  the campaign for safe cosmetics is working with congress to support the bill .  johnson & johnson pledged this year to remove potential toxins from its toiletrie .
 ouattara spokesman : supporters attack gbagbo home , seize state-run tv <sec> new : ouattara forces attack gbagbo residence , spokesman says .  ouattara forces take control of state tv , spokesman says .  gbagbo spokesman on state tv says incumbent is n't leaving .  frightened abidjan residents stay indoors and can hear gunfire outsid .
 sepp blatter ready to stand for fifa presidency <sec> sepp blatter confirms he will seek reelection .  blatter wants a fifth consecutive term as president .  swiss had pledged not to stand again in 2011 .  world cup starts in brazil thursda .
 snakes and church vs. state <sec> death of a kentucky pastor who handled rattlesnakes renews church vs. state issue .  danny cevallos : supreme court delineated key difference between religious thought , action .  thought is always protected by constitution , but states can regulate action in interest of safety .  cevallos : kentucky law provides for only minimal punishment for snake-handlin .
 siege of iraqi town by isis broken <sec> u.s. lawmakers call on president barack obama for isis strategy .  iraqi forces break terrorist seige of the town of amerli .  the u.s. dropped aid for the iraqi town , which was surrounded by isis .  australia , france and the uk also participated in the aid dro .
 men released over australia wildfires <sec> new : released men had been behaving suspiciously .  new : authorities say death toll may have jumped from 181 to around 300 .  new : about 35 separate fires continued burning thursday morning .  arson thought responsible for the destruction in the towns of marysville and kinglak .
 unmanned nasa-contracted rocket explodes <sec> explosion shows space travel `` a really tough business , '' nasa official says .  spacecraft , rocket alone cost over $ 200 million , orbital sciences exec says .  space station crew is in good shape even without resupply , says official .  the spacecraft burst into flames seconds after liftoff ; no injuries are reporte .
 kim k. and kanye 's wedding : everything we 've heard <sec> there are several rumors about kim kardashian 's marriage to kanye west .  the engaged couple has been very quiet about their wedding details .  speculators believe the event will take place on saturday somewhere in europ .
 global warming : a natural cycle or human result ? <sec> earth has warmed one degree in past 100 years .  majority of scientists say greenhouse gases are causing temperatures to rise .  some critics say planets often in periods of warming or coolin .
 suspects in video beating could get life in prison <sec> eight florida teens to be tried as adults in videotaped beating case .  video shows 16-year-old girl punched by other girls .  21 percent of girls age 17 say they 've assaulted someone , the justice dept . .  reports .  the teens have `` disconnect '' between thoughts and actions , psychologist say .
 murali helps sri lanka secure top-two spot at cricket world cup <sec> sri lanka will finish second in group a following 112-run victory over new zealand .  co-hosts will be deposed at the top by either south africa or pakistan on saturday .  all four teams have already qualified for the quarterfinals of the world cup .  ireland end tournament with two wins after beating fellow group b minnows the netherland .
 cnn hero : sports empower paraplegics <sec> through his nonprofit , richard st. denis gives custom-fit wheelchairs to people in mexico .  he also helps people learn their chairs and how to play sports in them .  he has found that playing wheelchair sports can boost one 's self-esteem .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2011 cnn heroe .
 obama : 'it is time for us to transition to the iraqis ' <sec> new : obama says iraq needs to take responsibility for its sovereignty .  new : obama thanks troops for giving iraq the chance to `` stand on its own '' .  obama arrived in europe last week for a series of summits .  poll shows 79 percent of americans feel obama improving u.s. image abroa .
 mexico clashes kill 22 <sec> the fighting in michoacan state also leaves 15 injured .  police : of the 22 people killed , two are officer .
 wildfires challenge firefighters in northern california <sec> california 's ponderosa fire burns 84 buildings and threatens 900 homes .  gov . .  jerry brown declares states of emergency in 3 california counties because of wildfires .  `` today 's mission is clear : hold , hold , hold , '' chief tells firefighters battling california 's chips fire .  42,750 wildfires have burned 6,901,035 acres in the united states this year , fire center say .
 has iranian regime learned nothing from 2009 election fiasco ? <sec> iranian regime is keen to encourage the public to put the past behind them , ali ansari writes .  he points out the consolidation of power around supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei .  ansari : khamenei has been able to blame divisions on ahmadinejad and his `` deviant current .
 report : sfo crash victim dead before firefighters ran over her <sec> ye meng yuan , 16 , was one of three killed when asiana flight 214 crashed .  a new official report says she was ejected and was n't wearing a seatbelt .  report : at least three firefighters determined she was dead but did n't move her .  coroner says this finding is wrong and she died after being struck by vehicle .
 stolen cross once at center of legal fight found <sec> mojave cross was stolen from california desert in 2010 .  suit over its display on public land went to supreme court .  cross recognized as memorial to veterans .  replica to be dedicated ahead of veterans day next wee .
 supreme court says 9-year-old can pursue passport suit <sec> menachem zivotofsky wants to list israel as his birthplace on his u.s. passport .  the justice department has urged the courts to stay out of the matter .  zivotofsky 's family is proud of the fact he was born in israel , their attorney say .
 kurds report u.s. pressure to accept iraqi election deal <sec> member of parliament says u.s. pushing for agreement on election law .  biden discussed january elections in calls with kurdish political leaders .  kurds have said u.s. proposals favor arabs , turkmen .  iraqi election commission has called for swift passage of election la .
 troops , vigilantes take back nigerian town seized by boko haram <sec> nigerian troops backed by civilian vigilantes reclaim the town of chibok .  chibok had been seized by boko haram militants two days earlier .  the town of chibok is where 200 schoolgirls were abducted by boko haram in apri .
 mick jagger 's supergroup : dave stewart , joss stone , damian marley <sec> jagger 's super heavy features dave stewart , joss stone , damian marley and a.r . .  rahman .  the group got its start two years ago when dave stewart called jagger from jamaica .  jagger is confident that stones fans will embrace the new grou .
 bahrain expels u.s. teacher for inciting 'hatred ' <sec> new : a human rights group identifies the teacher as erin kilbride .  the teacher was deported for `` activities linked to radical opposition groups '' .  an opposition bloc has called for a mass protest wednesday .  tensions in the kingdom remain high after a 2011 uprisin .
