 opinion : why court 's blow to obamacare wo n't stick <sec> brianne gorod : d.c . .  circuit panel got it wrong by dealing blow to how obamacare works .  she says 4th circuit ruling was right and that both challenges part of right 's attempt to gut law .  d.c . .  circuit ruled against federal subsidies for millions signed up , ignoring law 's intent , she says .  gorod : review of decision by entire d.c . .  circuit court will likely reverse flawed decisio .
 no joke in april fool 's day computer worm <sec> the conficker c computer worm is expected to activate on april fool 's day .  the worm lets a master computer take over infected zombie pcs .  it 's unclear what the program 's author plans to do with all the power .  a group called the conficker cabal is trying to hunt down solution .
 other songs that have 'blurred lines ' <sec> `` blurred lines '' ripped off a marvin gaye '70s classic , jury finds .  sam smith , beach boys and `` ghostbusters '' tune have all been hit by accusations .  george harrison lost a copyright suit and responded with a song about i .
 pakistan to indict musharraf in bhutto killing case , lawyer says <sec> new : musharraf plans to plead not guilty to the charges , his lawyer says .  the ex-president will appear in court next week where he 'll be indicted , the lawyer says .  the charges relate to the assassination of former premier benazir bhutto in 2007 .  musharraf is accused of failing to provide adequate security for bhutt .
 u.n. : fighting in somalia 's capital sparks massive refugee exodus <sec> eight-week long push by al-shaabab and hisb-ul-islam militias prompted exodus .  u.n. : conflict in mogadishu having devastating impact on city 's population .  more than 1.2 million people internally displaced in somalia , u.n. estimates .  many fleeing their homes for first time since start of somali civil war in 199 .
 man arrested for posting ad seeking rapist for wife <sec> ad was posted in the `` casual encounters '' section of craigslist .  wife holds alleged would-be rapist at gunpoint .  the husband is being held on $ 100,000 bon .
 opinion : no need to marry young <sec> susan patton , a princeton alumna , advised women to find a husband before they graduate .  kathleen gerson : research consistently show that delaying marriage is better for women .  she says women who marry later are less likely to divorce and attain important life goals .  gerson : the decision one makes about when and whom to marry is deeply persona .
 search continues for seven divers lost in bali <sec> seven divers , all japanese women , failed to surface after a feb 14 dive near bali , indonesia .  dive and rescue efforts were affected by heavy rain .  80 people involved in search , which will continue till friday .  owner of dive company said he does n't know what happene .
 psg agree deal to sign david luiz from chelsea <sec> psg agree deal to sign david luiz from chelsea .  the brazil international could become the most expensive defender ever .  french club were recently sanctioned by uefa under new financial fair play rule .
 bridge collapse probe focuses on unexplained shift <sec> new : ntsb says one section of bridge shifted 50 feet as it fell .  the rest of the bridge appears to have fallen in place .  investigators to examine video that may show another view of the collaps .
 airlines suspend flights to haiti after earthquake <sec> american airlines cancels its wednesday and thursday flights to haiti .  spirit airlines : `` we do n't know when we 'll be able to get flights in and out '' .  carriers plan to assist in transporting relief supplies , offer fundraising incentive .
 the real cost of bowe bergdahl 's odyssey ( opinion ) <sec> frida ghitis : desertion charges against bowe bergdahl revive questions : was swap deal for him correct ? .  what has his odyssey cost ? .  she says swap may have sent dangerous message to america 's enemies , cost american lives . .  still , retrieving u.s. soldier was right cal .
 conflict minerals of congo <sec> vice travels to democratic republic of congo to do film on so-called conflict minerals .  congo is rich in coltan and other minerals used to make cell phones and other electronics .  armed groups use the profitable ore to fund their activities , which has led to millions of death .
 obama blames lobbyists , politicians for financial crisis <sec> new : sen. barack obama lays out his plan to avoid another economic crisis .  new : obama : `` we can not give a blank check to washington with no oversight '' .  sen. john mccain expresses reservations about government 's rescue plan .  mccain says there should be a bipartisan oversight boar .
 gop leadership stands by scalise <sec> house speaker john boehner and other gop leaders say they 'll stand by steve scalise .  leaders were initially frustrated with scalise 's first response to the story .  scalise called gop members of the house on tuesda .
 autopsy reveals michael jackson 's secrets <sec> conrad murray was the wrong doctor for michael jackson , expert says .  doctor who did autopsy confirms jackson had `` vitiligo , a skin pigmentation disease '' .  if not for death by propofol , michael jackson could 've lived a normal lifespan , doctor says .  jurors are shown michael jackson 's unclothed corpse spread out on a coroner 's tabl .
 with right precautions , americans can visit iran relatively safely <sec> three american hikers were detained last week by iranian officials .  a handful of tour operators provide tours for americans to visit iran .  a u.s. passport is valid in iran ; visitors need a visa .  travel warnings for iran have been in place since the 1979 hostage crisi .
 north korea : human rights in dprk is 'superior system ' <sec> north korea issues its own human rights report , declares it 's a `` superior system '' .  pyongyang issued the report in response to u.n. commission of inquiry report .  timing of report 's release could be linked to upcoming u.n. general assembly .  it makes no mention of its prison system or food shortage .
 victim 's family outraged after accused killer disappears from hospital <sec> new : `` we really do n't know who is responsible '' for cherry slipping away , police say .  cherry was injured during a home invasion he allegedly committed .  he walked out of the hospital after he recovered .  police say they did n't have the manpower to monitor him and he 's still on the ru .
 somalia : clashes leave at least 10 dead <sec> fighting between government forces and insurgents in mogadishu kills at least 10 .  shell lands in an area crowded with people , killing a group of civilians .  women and children among the dead , according to witnesse .
 adebayor ends togo career due to trauma of angola gun attack <sec> emmanuel adebayor quits international football in wake of deadly gun attack on togo bus .  two people died following incident ahead of january 's africa cup of nations .  togo subsequently banned and fined for pulling out of tournament in angola .  adebayor reveals his decision on web site of his english club manchester cit .
 spain down chile to secure top spot as both progress to last 16 <sec> spain beat chile 2-1 to go into last 16 as winners of group h .  spain will now face portugal in the second round .  chile go through as runners up and will play brazil in next round .  switzerland draw 0-0 with honduras and finish third in grou .
 isis recruiting on the rise in iraq , officials say <sec> hundreds of young sunni men have joined isis in recent weeks , officials tell cnn .  the recruits are typically between the ages of 16 and 25 , they say .  `` i do n't know what they told him , '' says one fathe .
 all about : recycling <sec> recycling as a movement 4,000 years old .  more than 500 million tons of material recycled every year .  recycling a boom industry in developing world .  health risks arising from poor recycling operations in chin .
 race riot lingers in york , pa , 39 years later <sec> york , pennsylvania , was the site of deadly race riots in 1969 .  issue of race has touched the community , says local naacp president .  presidential loyalties in york do n't fall neatly along racial lines .  some skeptical the city has truly moved beyond its headline-grabbing pas .
 video shows 'cruel and inhumane practice ' used to train horses <sec> defense attorney has no comment on specific charges against his client .  undercover video shows individuals hitting horses , applying chemicals .  `` soring '' is meant to induce high-stepping gait called `` big lick '' .  breeders group says it has zero tolerance for cruel practices banned 40 years ag .
 'downton abbey ' : when you 'll see season 5 <sec> `` downton abbey 's '' fifth season begins january 4 .  the cast and executive producer have talked about what 's to come .  the ep promises `` substantial twists and turns .
 moore , kutcher : join our crusade to end child sex trafficking <sec> the demi and ashton foundation ( dna ) raises awareness about child sex slavery .  the couple launched dna after meeting a girl who was trafficked into the u.s. from mexico .  demi moore : `` most people are n't even aware of what 's going on '' .  also check out the cnn freedom project : ending modern-day slaver .
 morgan stanley exec pleads not guilty in stabbing of nyc cabbie <sec> william jennings pleads not guilty to assault and hate-crime charges .  the morgan stanley exec is accused of stabbing an nyc taxi driver over cab fare .  jennings says he acted out of self-defense and denies stabbing the drive .
 chris kyle text : 'this dude is straight-up nuts ' <sec> defense lawyer : chris kyle described accused killer as `` straight-up nuts '' in a text .  eddie ray routh is accused of killing chris kyle and another man at an isolated outdoor firing rang .
 drug cartel leader captured in northern mexico <sec> regional leader of los zetas arrested in monterrey , mexico .  hector raul luna luna was caught in a `` precision operation , '' .  luna confessed to grenade attack in u.s. consulate , military says .  various weapons and drugs seize .
 lil jon and lena dunham 'turn out ' in new web video <sec> celebrities like lena dunham and lil jon star in a new rock the vote web video .  spokeswoman says she hopes song becomes `` anthem for civic engagement '' .  whoopi goldberg also appears in vide .
 no longer just a factory , china is a mobile leader <sec> contrary to its reputation , china is a hotbed of mobile innovation .  beijing 's momo flirting app predates its western version , tinder .  wechat is becoming an extended operating system for millions of mobile users .  the government tries to make things easy for innovator .
 progress is slow in the war against autism <sec> thursday is second world autism awareness day .  in last 365 days , no cause or cure found , but baby steps made along the way .  special vaccine court ruled in three test cases , found no link with autism .  researchers look to environmental causes ; parents look for insurance coverag .
 q & a ; : apple 's china supplier in the spotlight <sec> foxconn is one of the world 's largest suppliers of components for the electronics industry .  it assembles products including apple 's iphone and ipad , amazon 's kindle and microsoft 's xbox .  with 1.2 million employees in china alone , production takes place at more than 12 factories .  critics say workers are treated like machines for low pay in an oppressive environmen .
 dhs row : ideology hurting the homeland ( opinion ) <sec> department of homeland security will run out of money without funding deal .  juliette kayyem : actions of congress have consequences for the rest of u .
 exiled pakistani ex-president returns home despite 'death squad ' <sec> new : musharraf vows to remain in pakistan .  he plans to lead his party in elections .  he 's been in self-imposed exile since resigning as president in 2008 .  pakistani authorities have vowed to arrest him on return ; taliban threaten to kill hi .
 is peña nieto good news for mexico ? <sec> projections show enrique peña nieto of pri will become mexico 's next president .  ruben navarrette : mexicans are aware that the pri may be as corrupt as ever .  he says voters can overlook pri 's legacy of corruption if the party can provide security .  navarrette : we 'll have to wait and see if peña nieto will be a good leader for mexic .
 third teen in custody in deadly hammer attack in st. louis <sec> investigation ongoing into attack on st. louis street that killed man ; motive unknown .  victim was in his car when teens approached and began damaging it , police say .  he got out and was attacked , suffered injuries to his head , abdomen , face and mouth .  two teens were arrested sunday ; a third turned himself in and a fourth is sough .
 2nd grand jury indicts officer in shooting of ex-famu football player <sec> `` i just feel like god 's will will be done , '' victim 's mother tells cnn .  randall kerrick 's attorneys say resubmitting same charge to grand jury illegal .  prosecutors have said first grand jury was not a full panel ; defense contests that claim .  officer fatally shot jonathan ferrell after woman called 911 to report home invasio .
 libyan government denies rape allegations <sec> the rebels in libya accuse gadhafi loyalists of raping women .  they say videos confiscated from soldiers show rapes and torture .  cnn obtained a cell phone video that appears to show the rape of a woman .  the libyan prime minister denies the charges and accuses the rebels of lyin .
 baseball great nolan ryan hospitalized <sec> nolan ryan was to undergo medical testing monday .  he went to the hospital on sunday after experiencing discomfort .  problem believed to be recurrence of heart condition , team say .
 disney strikes deal with dreamworks <sec> disney will distribute dreamworks live-action films .  dreamworks has agreement with india 's reliance big entertainment .  plan will help bring india 's bollywood productions together with hollywood studio .
 report : 27 fishermen missing in south china sea <sec> the vessel was registered in vietnam .  strong gales caused the capsizin .
 bombers kill 4 iraqis , injure 11 gis <sec> new : 8 iraqis suspected of having information about attack are detained .  37 killed , 81 wounded in suicide car bombing north of baghdad .  uh-60 black hawk helicopter not shot down , u.s. says .  iraq 's prime minister lashes out at u.s. lawmaker 's critical remark .
 republicans are positive they 'll win senate <sec> nrsc director feels `` very good '' about gop senate victory in november . .  he attributes potential gop success to strong candidates like joni ernst in iowa . .  he said obama 's low approval ratings also aid republicans .
 anti-islam film 's maker blasts uk over ban <sec> controversial dutch filmmaker refused entry to britain .  geert wilders said he was to screen film at uk parliament 's upper house .  his film `` fitna '' accused of painting islam as a threat to western society .  britain 's home office confirmed that wilders had been denied entry wilder .
 fire aboard dreamliner does not appear linked to batteries <sec> fire broke out friday at london 's heathrow airport .  no injuries were reported in the incident .  boeing 's marquee 787 was grounded this year because of a fire ris .
 'blade runner ' pistorius selected for world championships <sec> oscar pistorius picked in south african team for world athletics championships .  `` blade runner '' pistorius achieved 400m qualifying time last month .  it will be the first time he has competed against able-bodied athletes in global competition .  caster semenya will defend her 800m world title after gender ro .
 police investigating winehouse glass pipe video <sec> police examining video of amy winehouse smoking something from glass pipe .  uk tabloid the sun obtained the video and gave it to police .  pictures have been published showing winehouse with white powder in her nose .  winehouse received six nominations for next month 's grammy award .
 can the web predict the future with long-term bets ? <sec> gambling relies on the fact that all future events have a degree of uncertainty .  long bets will take long-term wagers on the shape of the future .  bets run across everything from the price of fuel to population levels .  paddy power runs a book on white christmases and the next pop .
 let a jury decide on trayvon martin case <sec> sunny hostin : the state attorney has made it clear that she alone will decide on charges .  she says the public withdrawal by lawyers representing george zimmerman was strange .  hostin : zimmerman 's actions may not have been covered by the `` stand your ground '' law .  she says she believes in the jury system ; it makes sense to let a jury decid .
 'i 'm jealous of my nanny ' <sec> woman is jealous because nanny spends more time with daughter .  mom forces daughter to eat vegetables and get ready for bed .  expert advises parents to play with kids after arriving home .  also it 's easier for nannies to discipline kids because they 're not the mom .
 manchester united lose shirt sponsor aig <sec> aig confirm they will not renew its four-year contract with manchester united .  the old trafford club believes they can improve on the deal they had with aig .  india 's sahara and saudi telecom have been tipped as potential sponsor .
 nasa releases new photo of saturn , earth <sec> image is cassini 's first showing saturn , rings , moons , earth , venus and mars at same time .  the collage is panorama of 141 wide-angle pictures taken july 19 .  image was possible that day because saturn obstructed spacecraft 's view of su .
 u.s. coast guard <sec> the polar star is a 399-foot u.s. coast guard icebreaker .  it was sent to help an australian fishing vessel that was stuck in thick ice northeast of antarctic .
 opinion : young women are ambitious , but worried <sec> orit avishai : my young college female students are ambitious and smart .  avishai : but they worry about balancing family and career and whether to have children .  she says the choices that these women plan to make are rational and realistic .  avishai : much will depend on what the american workplace of the future look lik .
 pato goal gives ac milan narrow victory <sec> alexander pato scores seventh minute goal as ac milan defeat fiorentina 1-0 .  the win puts milan within six points of serie a leaders and rivals inter at top .  milan supporters display displeasure at kaka 's possible departure from clu .
 ethicist : health bans and 'sin taxes ' can easily backfire <sec> high-cigarette taxes have driven sales underground in new york , ethicist says .  persuading people of public health measures ' worth may be a better way to go , she says .  ethicist : medical care costs for obese need to be compared with costs for underweigh .
 football legend john madden to retire <sec> legendary football coach and broadcaster john madden announces he is retiring .  `` the nfl has been my life for more than 40 years , it has been my passion , '' he says .  madden is best known to millions as an ebullient football commentato .
 gerrard wins footballer of the year award <sec> liverpool captain steven gerrard is named footballer of the year in england .  manchester united pair ryan giggs and wayne rooney are second and third .  gerrard has scored 23 goals in liverpool 's english title challenge this seaso .
 art in beijing : national museum showcases other 'ai ' <sec> ai jing , a popular singer , represents one school of china 's contemporary art scene .  she is the first chinese contemporary artist to hold exhibition at national museum of china .  she is no relation to fellow artist ai weiwei .  her works are typically wholesome and upliftin .
 jewish group condemns remarks by leader of greek far-right party <sec> nikos michaloliakos said on a greek tv channel : `` there were no gas chambers '' in auschwitz .  the government and a greek jewish group condemn the far-right leader 's remarks .  golden dawn won almost 7 % of the vote in parliamentary elections this mont .
 new controversy over video of gaza boy 's death 13 years ago <sec> an israeli government committee disputes a france 2 report of a gaza boy 's death .  image of the boy and his father under a hail of israeli bullets became a powerful symbol .  the father , jamal al-durrah , wants an independent inquiry to `` show the world the truth '' .  there 's no evidence the idf was to blame for injuries to the boy or his father , israeli report say .
