 follow-up : daughter of missing pilot hopes ocean dive brings answers <sec> pilot stewart dunbar disappeared off florida coast in 1996 .  daughter newly found wreckage will bring closure in father 's disappearance .  dive planned for this weekend may confirm if wreckage is dunbar ' .
 how to raise a grounded , creative child <sec> nancy carlsson-paige , matt damon 's mom , is often asked how she raised her children .  she says kids get a a solid footing in life with lots of child-centered play in the early years .  parents can give children inner strength ; she says . .  tough punishment instills fear .  carlsson-paige : schools must offer children arts , drama -- activities that ca n't be teste .
 stunt pilot in nevada crash built his life around love of flight <sec> leeward , 74 , is presumed dead after the friday crash .  he owns leeward ranch , a pilot community in ocala , florida .  he once worked as a stunt pilot in movie .
 record-setting denim donation to help homes hit by disasters <sec> national geographic kids magazine encouraged readers to donate old denim .  more than 33,000 items of old denim -- jeans , hats and jackets -- sent to washington .  material will be turned into housing insulation for homes affected by natural disasters .  erek hansen , 9 , of curtice , ohio , collect almost 1,700 pairs of jean .
 help yourself and your kids : do n't diet <sec> divya kakaiya : dieting means giving money to the annual $ 40 billion diet industry .  parents saying they 're too fat tells kids : fix your body . .  you never will be perfect .  kakaiya concerned that parents ' dieting puts teens at risk for anorexia or bulimia .  advises women to reject the appearance-obsessed , materialistic cultur .
 'cello scrotum ' exposed as a hoax <sec> elaine murphy is a member of the house of lords and a trained doctor .  she made up cello scrotum ailment after reading about guitarist 's nipple in 1974 .  cello scrotum was referenced in a british medical journal article last year .  `` a symphony of maladies '' focused on health problems among musician .
 10 things to know about visiting detroit <sec> despite a shrinking population , detroiters are still making their lives in the city .  african-american art and culture are thriving in detroit .  pop-up restaurants and a unique local sport keep things interestin .
 opinion : ride the hyperloop before decade 's end ? <sec> in releasing details about the hyperloop , elon musk said he welcomes feedback .  saurabh amin : it 's smart of musk to open up the design process to the general public .  he says historically , designing a mass transit system may take up a decade or more .  amin : some of the major challenges will be to address the safety and security concern .
 'young jeezy ' arrested after wiz khalifa concert shooting <sec> six people , including jenkins , arrested for possession of an assault riffle .  bail is set at $ 1 million for `` young jeezy '' .  police : no arrests have been made for wiz khalifa concert homicid .
 opinion : on prison reform , democrats and republicans bond <sec> eric liu : both parties have come together to advance criminal justice reform .  liu : their deal-making suggests a way forward for politics : crosspartisanship .  he says partnering with rivals sometimes is pragmatic and works in our interests .  liu : other areas both parties can agree on : curbing surveillance , crony capitalis .
 how to get back to great skin <sec> sun exposure and smoking accelerate skin 's aging process by years .  retinol is a rejuvenating ingredient in anti-aging serums and eye creams .  less is more when it comes to needles , but botox can prevent wrinkle .
 why does isis keep making enemies ? <sec> the group 's atrocities have angered americans , jordanians and egyptians .  bergen : isis actions only make sense if you realize that its aim is the apocalypse .
 will bitcoin bring banking to africa 's masses ? <sec> it costs less to send bitcoins overseas than traditional money .  in sub-saharan africa , 75 % of the population do n't have a bank account .  african services like beam and bitpesa convert bitcoin to local currencies .  established money transfer players pose a challenge to bitcoi .
 take cosby allegations seriously ( opinion ) <sec> leslie steiner : bill cosby 's lawyer tries to dismiss allegations against cosby .  steiner : we do n't know what cosby did or did not do , but we should take this seriously .  she says over a dozen women have come forward alleging similar patterns of abuse .  steiner : no woman wants to be a victim of rape or abuse ; it takes courage to report i .
 android still growing , but some developers frustrated <sec> android keeps growing , with one out of three u.s. smartphone owners using it .  some developers say they do n't like the fragmented nature of android 's store , software .  developer attitudes could improve as google 's system continues to matur .
 japanese teacher arrested on underage sex allegations <sec> police : yuhei takashima , 64 , says he had sex with girls as young as 14 in philippines .  officers seize nearly 150,000 photos that the former principal kept of his activitie .
 no cash ? no problem , if you barter <sec> many americans are bartering as a way to cope with tough economic times .  bartering involves trading goods and services without exchanging money .  researcher : bartering activity rises dramatically during economic downturns .  `` we trade for just about anything you can think of , '' barter network president say .
 gaza 's victims too young to understand , but not to die <sec> funeral is held monday for 5-year-old yusif al-dalou .  the cemetery outside gaza city is too dangerous for funerals .  `` my life is now very difficult , '' says the mother of two dead childre .
 queen elizabeth 's anger at berlusconi a youtube hit <sec> queen elizabeth a youtube hit after apparently losing her temper with berlusconi .  italian prime minister 's attempt to attract barack obama 's attention riles queen .  she appears to shrug at him and asks why he has to make so much nois .
 cairo court upholds freeze on mubarak 's assets <sec> cairo 's criminal court approved the freezing and seizure of mubarak 's assets .  he is expected to be brought to cairo for questioning .  mubarak resigned february 11 after 18 days of protests against his rul .
 pope francis considering cuba visit <sec> pope francis played key role in re-establishing diplomatic ties between cuba and u.s . .  `` contacts with the cuban authorities are still in too early a phase , '' vatican spokesman say .
 vettel leads red bull sweep of front row at japanese grand prix <sec> sebastian vettel on pole position for japan gp at suzuka .  vettel joined on front row by red bull teammate mark webber .  title leader fernando alonso will go from sixth .  mercedes bound lewis hamilton only ninth bes .
 spaced out : as rents rise , cool shared work spaces boom <sec> co-working spaces widespread in u.s. , europe and making headway in asia .  these places court mostly people in 20s , 30s working on projects solo or in small teams .  freelancing catching on in asia , where people traditionally work for large corporations .  most co-working spaces seek to build community and encouraging entrepreneurshi .
 india , china bid to ease border row for broader ties <sec> new : china and india announce a new system for consultation on their border .  chinese diplomat says there is a huge potential for cooperation .  the two have border disputes dealing with an area near tibet and kashmir .  china is india 's largest trading partne .
 ronaldinho back in barcelona squad <sec> ronaldinho is recalled to barca squad to face rangers in champions league .  the brazilian was dropped from the squad that lost to villarreal on saturday .  midfielder deco will be out of action for five weeks after suffering a thigh injur .
 civil rights pioneer willis edwards dies at 66 <sec> willis edwards was longtime president of the beverly hills/hollywood branch .  he also was key to launching the naacp image awards .  edwards was raised in palm spring .
 boston bombing suspect 's trial location wo n't move -- even if the trial date will <sec> dzhokhar tsarnaev is accused in the boston marathon bombing , killing police officer .  he wants to move the trial out of massachusetts , saying he ca n't get a fair trial there .  a judge denies his request , saying an `` impartial jury '' can be impaneled in the area .  tsarnaev 's trial is being delayed , though , until early next yea .
 africa 's mobile money makes its way to europe <sec> mobile money transfer system m-pesa is aimed at people without bank accounts .  launched in 2007 in kenya , the revolutionary system has surpassed all expectations .  m-pesa has nearly 17 million active customers and as many as 186,000 agents worldwide .  it recently launched in romania where an estimated 35 % of people have no bank accoun .
 romney 's empty foreign policy agenda <sec> writers : romney lies about obama on foreign policy but only offers vague platitudes .  obama upped israel 's security , crippled iran with sanctions romney supports , they say .  they say romney 's mideast comments dangerous , but obama manages complexity .  writers : romney 's bush-era foreign policy advisers behind iraq war , which romney backe .
 ultimate warrior : wrestling legend dies aged 54 <sec> former professional wrestler ultimate warrior dies aged 54 .  he was born james hellwig , but changed his name to warrior in 1993 .  the cause of his death is not yet known , he leaves a wife and two daughters .  ultimate warriors was a star of the world wrestling federation in the late 1980s and the 90 .
 brazil : police fire tear gas as fighting erupts in football stands <sec> a doctor tells local media that three fans were critically injured .  photos show tear gas , punches , kicking and bloodied fans .  the fight comes as brazil prepares to host the 2014 world cu .
 mexico too violent to visit ? tourism chief says no <sec> united states , canada , france , others have issued alerts about travel to mexico .  mexican tourism director says visitors should n't worry , just stay alert .  official : `` there are very safe zones and there are zones that are not safe '' .  travel company says economy , not perceptions of violence , is hurting mos .
 fighting fire with data , spacecraft , drones <sec> firefighters have new technology to put out flames before they spread .  tech like infrared sensors is n't new , but greatly improved by the internet .  planes allow for remote monitoring of wildfire situations , drones used in catastrophes .  organizations like nasa and noaa are collaborating to monitor nature from spac .
 13 killed in sectarian clashes in egypt <sec> new : the death toll is at 13 , according to state-run television .  the egyptian military is launching an investigation .  egypt 's health minister says 90 were wounded .  the clashes break out after copts protest a church burnin .
 new pirate attack thwarted in gulf of aden <sec> canadian , british vessels on nato patrol prevent hijacking of norwegian ship .  pirates captured after seven-hour chase , but then released , nato says .  lacking formal procedure , nato generally takes pirates ' weapons but lets them go .  sunday attack latest in a long string of hijackings and attempts in gulf of ade .
 lindsay lohan to guest on '2 broke girls ' <sec> lindsay lohan is going to guest star on `` 2 broke girls '' .  she 'll play a bride-to-be who needs a wedding cake .  the episode is scheduled to air on april 14 .  in addition to `` 2 broke girls , '' lohan has a new reality show on ow .
 greenpeace activists breach security at spanish nuclear plant <sec> greenpeace activists breach security at nuclear plant .  spanish official says `` vital '' parts of the plant were not affected .  plant 's license expires soon ; greenpeace opposes nuclear powe .
 commentary : porn kings have an economic laugh <sec> hustler , `` girls gone wild '' owners seek $ 5 billion bailout .  larry flynt and joe francis say porn industry is n't suffering , but why take chances ? .  brown says this does n't require commentary or condemnatio .
 polio workers come under fresh attack in pakistan <sec> four attacks take place on wednesday , killing three workers .  on tuesday , five workers are killed .  pakistanis have viewed polio vaccination campaigns with suspicio .
 spice of life : how saffron could save greek farmers <sec> villagers from krokos , a small town in the northern greece , pick saffron for a fortnight each year . .  despite competing with produce from iran and spain , many chefs regard greek saffron as the world 's best .  dry weather has hit greece 's saffron harvest producing just 1.5 tonnes this year .
 missing ohio teen found hiding in boyfriend 's attic , police say <sec> abbi obermiller had been missing since june 7 .  boyfriend rented apartment 3 weeks ago .  obermiller charged with obstructing police business , being an unruly chil .
 mary travers of folk trio peter , paul and mary dead at 72 <sec> mary travers was a member of the 1960s folk trio peter , paul and mary .  the trio sang `` if i had a hammer '' and `` puff the magic dragon '' .  she died from side effects of treatment from a bone-marrow transplan .
 tented camps take luxury under cover <sec> a resort in mauritius commissioned a 17-foot-high tepee from a fashion designer .  textile shelters are being adapted for use in diverse settings across the globe .  the tented lemarti 's camp near kenya 's laikipia plateau opened last yea .
 boehner : issa within 'rights ' to shut down lawmaker - cnnpolitics.com <sec> rep. elijah cummings and rep. darrell issa clash during irs hearing .  underlying tensions are politically motivated and both sides accuse the other of opportunism .  congressional black caucus asks speaker boehner to remove issa as chairman .  cummings , congressional black caucus say issa 's actions part of disrespectful patter .
 3rd teenage girl dies from washington school shooting <sec> shaylee chuckulnaskit was 14 years old .  she died friday at a hospital , a week after she was shot in her school cafeteria .  two other students died ; two cousins of the gunman were wounded .  the shooter took his own life in the cafeteri .
 jack johnson 's big green business machine <sec> jack johnson has artist-friendly record label , brushfire records .  johnson also puts green interests at forefront .  singer-songwriter 's new album is `` sleep through the static .
 police : principal killed in grenade , gun attack on pakistani school <sec> an unidentified motorcyclist hurls a grenade at a school before firing shots , police say .  a school principal is killed in the attack in karachi 's baldia town area , police say .  eight others , including a teacher and students at the school , are injured .  the attack is the latest in a series targeting educators in pakista .
 portraits show affection for portland area <sec> photographer jake shivery 's large-format portraits are set to appear in a new book .  many of the subjects are from his hometown of portland , oregon .  the book , `` contact , '' was funded through a kickstarter campaig .
 world reacts as ivory coast win the africa <sec> ivory coast beat ghana in penalties to win the africa cup of nations .  this was the first afcon title for the west african nation in 23 years .  check out the reaction on social media during and after the dramatic matc .
 rapes in congo increase , aid group says <sec> aid group says rape reports increase as fighting intensified .  group surveys girls under 17 at various refugee camps .  violence in eastern congo has displaced an estimated 250,000 peopl .
 denmark wins eurovision song contest <sec> emmelie de forest 's `` only teardrops '' puts denmark on top .  azerbaijan finishes second and ukraine takes third .  the contest is taking place in sweden this year because it won in 2012 .  the results are decided on the basis of votes cast by tv viewers and national jurie .
 webber claims first win of 2011 at season-ending race in brazil <sec> red bull 's mark webber claims first win of season at brazil gp .  teammate and two-time champion sebastian vettel finishes second .  vettel was leading until his car had gearbox proble .
 7 in north carolina charged with supporting terrorism <sec> u.s. native and two sons are among suspects .  man accused of attending training camps in pakistan , afghanistan .  seven `` practiced military tactics '' in north carolina , indictment says .  no mention of direct threats to individuals or property in united state .
 man pleads not guilty in new jersey beating caught on camera <sec> shawn custis , 42 , is accused of forcing his way into home , taking jewelry .  he 's seen on security camera video beating a woman near her child , prosecutors say .  custis is charged with burglary , attempted murder , robbery and child endangerment .  the woman was treated at a hospital for injuries to her face and legs , police sa .
 art records fall led by rothko in new york <sec> mark rothko 's `` orange , red , yellow '' sells for almost $ 87 million .  record for post-war art set at a record-breaking christie 's auction in new york .  entire auction raised $ 388.5 million , breaking previous record set in 2007 .  buyers remain anonymous but art dealer say money likely coming from chin .
 colorado shooting suspect evan ebel had 'bad streak ' <sec> evan ebel , 28 , is suspected in the death of colorado 's prison chief .  he died during a shootout with texas authorities .  ebel was recently released from prison ; he had a violent and troubled past .  he `` just seemed to have this bad streak , a streak of cruelty , '' says the colorado governo .
 morientes joins marseille on free transfer <sec> striker fernando morientes has completed his free transfer move to marseille .  former spanish international was released by valencia at end of last season .  morientes links-up again with didier deschamps , who was his monaco coac .
 four florida police officers ousted for racist messages <sec> fort lauderdale officers exchanged racially offensive text messages .  three officers were fired , a fourth resigned .  police chief : `` there was no criminal behavior detected .
 libyan government minister shot dead in gadhafi hometown sirte <sec> new : deputy industry minister shot several times , state media reports .  killing is the first assassination of government minister since gadhafi ouster in 2011 .  he was shot dead by gunmen near a market in the port city , defense official says .  sirte was the hometown of longtime leader moammar gadhaf .
 mystery shrouds 'captain phillips ' ship deaths <sec> questions surround deaths of former navy seals working as security officers .  their bodies were found in a cabin with syringe and traces of heroin .  police say cause of death was `` respiratory failure '' .  bodily fluid samples will be analyzed furthe .
 exercise like the irish <sec> nearly half of irish adults participate in some form of regular exercise .  `` irish lumberjack '' exercise builds arm , core strength .  mix aerobic and anaerobic conditioning to train like a hurle .
 oscar theory : play a real person , win a statue <sec> sandra bullock won best actress for playing leigh anne tuohy .  sean penn won the academy award for for playing harvey milk .  julia roberts won an oscar for her real-life role in `` erin brockovich .
 michael jordan rapped for smoking on course <sec> presidents cup golf tournament is being held at the harding park course .  under san francisco law it is illegal to smoke while playing at the event .  michael jordan was photographed smoking at cigar during a practice round .  jordan is the honorary assistant captain for the u.s. team at the even .
 bush : nuke-less iran remains dangerous <sec> new : iranian envoy says iran has never sought nuclear weapons .  iran could transfer civilian nuclear work to military , president bush says .  u.s. intelligence estimate says iran stopped nuclear arms work in 2003 .  u.s. national security adviser says u.s. policy toward iran unchange .
