 foodies in the field : philadelphia <sec> cnn 's jeremy harlan talks about his favorite places to eat in philadelphia .  reading terminal market is the `` las vegas of food , '' harlan says .  franklin fountain is a cool escape back to early 20th-century soda fountai .
 books that made a difference to daniel radcliffe <sec> daniel radcliffe explains books that have been influential to him .  `` fear and loathing in las vegas '' is one of the funniest books he 's ever read .  radcliffe began reading `` midnight 's children '' after hearing the song 'the booklovers .
 image overload : help us , nasa says <sec> until recently , night images taken from 17,500-mph space station could be blurry .  nasa says images could improve health , safety , grasp on atmospheric chemistry .  university in madrid broke images down into three categories with different aims .  researcher : madrid brighter than berlin , despite economic disparity between citie .
 black in america 2 : parent and teacher discussion guide <sec> cnn 's soledad o'brien investigates challenging issues facing african-americans .  o'brien reports on solutions that transform the black experience in america .  o'brien uncovers pioneers and leaders making a difference in their communities .  use these questions and activity to facilitate a discussion about the program .
 colombia 's farc rebels release general , other hostages <sec> new : colombia 's defense ministry says freed hostages are heading to bogota .  the guerillas released brig . .  gen. rubén darío alzate , their hostage for two weeks .  colombia 's president says he 'll talk with negotiators about resuming peace talks .  farc rebels renew their calls for a ceasefire on both side .
 sodden , crumbling levee protects missouri town <sec> town of winfield , missouri , hopes crumbling pin oak levee holds until river crests .  mississippi expected to crest saturday at more than 11 feet above flood stage .  winfield high school becomes staging ground for relief efforts , temporary shelters .  floodwaters have damaged 692 homes in winfiel .
 cnn student news transcript - may 31 , 2013 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 founder of french breast implant firm pip sent to prison <sec> new : four other pip executives receive lesser sentences at the court in marseille .  jean-claude mas is sentenced to four years in prison for fraud .  mas founded poly implant prothese , or pip , which made faulty implants .  an estimated 300,000 women in 65 countries received pip breast implant .
 oil tank cars derail , burn in virginia <sec> new : official : 50,000 gallons of crude oil are missing from the tankers .  witness says there was `` a dogpile '' of train cars on top of each other .  no injuries reported from the derailment in downtown lynchburg .  environmentalists had raised concerns about shipping crude oil through the cit .
 thousands begin evacuating in japan as threat of tsunami nears <sec> japan preps for waves that could reach 9 feet high .  tsunami warnings lifted for most of the pacific rim .  pacific tsunami warning center earlier canceled warning for hawaii .  the warning for japan primarily affects fishing areas and tourist area .
 grand jury declines to indict mcdonald 's worker in beating <sec> rayon mcintosh will not be indicted , prosecutors say saturday .  his run-in with two unruly customers was captured on cell phone video .  denise darbeau and rachael edwards face pending charge .
 militant attacks kill 8 pakistani soldiers <sec> the battle lasts several hours .  there are taliban strongholds in the region .  more than 3,000 pakistani soldiers have died fighting islamist militants .  a recent battle in the area kills six soldier .
 bartender drops charges against cuba gooding jr . <sec> gooding allegedly pushed the woman early tuesday .  police said he was presumed to be intoxicated .  it happened at a bar in new orleans ' french quarte .
 travel writer tells newspaper he plagiarized , dealt drugs <sec> author tells paper he got data for colombia guidebook `` from a chick i was dating '' .  author 's works include guides on brazil , venezuela , chile , paper reports .  lonely planet tells paper it wants to ensure `` this type of thing never happens again '' .  `` urgent '' review of author 's books reveals no inaccuracies , publisher tells pape .
 giant panda celebrates 4th birthday at national zoo <sec> tai shan was born at the smithsonian national zoo .  birthday boy gets a special cake made of ice , beets , apples and pears .  zoo curator says pandas are popular because they resemble young children .  though born in u.s. , tai shan due to be sent to china later this yea .
 dinosaur mass grave discovered <sec> amateur paleontologist unearths remains of two plateosaurus in switzerland .  the mass grave extends for 1.5 kilometres ( 0.9 miles ) .  plateosaurus roamed river deltas in large herds some 210 million years ag .
 cnn finds , returns journal belonging to late u.s. ambassador <sec> u.s . .  ambassador to libya chris stevens was killed in a september 11 attack in benghazi .  cnn found his journal on a largely unsecured consulate compound .  stevens ' family was notified in hours , and the journal was given to them via a third part .
 nadal and djokovic set for 'thrilling ' final showdown in london <sec> world no.1 and world no.2 will play in monday 's final at london 's o2 arena .  nadal beat roger federer 7-5 6-3 while djokovic beat stanislas wawrinka 6-3 6-3 .  pair have met three times on hardcourts this season with nadal winning twice .  djokovic triumphed in most recent encounter in china and is unbeaten in 21 matche .
 egypt : trial of 683 muslim brotherhood supporters adjourned <sec> verdict against 683 accused muslim brotherhood supporters expected on april 28 .  on monday , at least 529 supporters of the movement were sentenced to death .  the cases relate to violent riots in the southern egyptian city of minya in august .  spiritual leader mohammed badie was not among the 62 defendants in court tuesda .
 the long road ahead for nawaz sharif <sec> pakistan elects two-time former prime minister known for corruption and military coup .  big expectations for nawaz sharif and his party , pakistan muslim league -- nawaz .  sharif must tackle economic challenges as well as security issues from taliba .
 'flashdance ' coming to broadway in 2013 <sec> a musical based on the 1983 movie `` flashdance '' is headed for broadway .  it 'll arrive in august 2013 .  the show will include iconic songs from the film such as `` flashdance -- what a feeling .
 popular australian tourist destination adds klingon tours <sec> star trek fans and those fluent in klingon can take an audio tour in the language .  nettle cave currently offers audio tours in eight languages .  it 's one of the most visited caves in australia .
 box office preview : 'despicable me 2 ' set to win uly 4th weekend <sec> `` despicable me 2 '' could open huge over the holiday .  disney spent at least $ 225 million on `` lone ranger '' .  `` world war z '' has been holding up very well on weekday .
 israeli airstrike kills 2 in gaza city , sources say <sec> israeli airstrike kills two in gaza city , palestinian medical sources say .  earlier , a bomb targeted an israeli tank , sources say ; no injuries reported .  israeli forces responded to the bombing with tank fire into gaza , official says .  palestinian officials say seven people suffered light to moderate injuries from the tank fir .
 greece swears in papademos at head of unity government <sec> lucas papademos is formally sworn in as the head of a unity government .  finance minister venizelos keeps his role ; stavros dimas is new foreign minister .  the new government will start work next week after a vote of confidence .  greece 's political turmoil has shaken global financial market .
 dirty secrets that oil u.s. politics <sec> three secrets behind the way u.s. government works .  it was designed to ensure weak government .  in times of crisis usual barriers fall away .  if voters want something done , it will get done someho .
 five value destinations for winter travel <sec> many airlines are increasing service to latin america , making it a great value .  while travel prices tend to be rising , it is getting less expensive to travel to boston .  london and paris are just as beautiful in the winter , but offer better values and fewer tourist .
 'shoot-em-up ' helps teens battle cancer <sec> re-mission video game helps patients visualize battle against cancer .  non-profit organization hopelab is planning new version for 2012 .  cancer survivor says game helped change his attitude towards treatment .  teenagers around the world can benefit from game , hopelab say .
 doing military 's dangerous , dull and dirty work <sec> unmanned aerial vehicles -- drones -- now a huge part of military operations across globe .  congressional paper : united states has nearly 7,500 uavs of all sizes and capabilities .  analysts predict half of u.s. military aircraft will be unmanned within five years .  uavs in missions raise questions over role of humans in combat environment .
 conflict-related civilian deaths rise in afghanistan <sec> new : taliban spokesman calls u.n. report `` propaganda '' .  new : isaf commander says deaths caused by insurgents are `` much too high '' .  the rate of conflict-related civilian deaths rose 8 % compared to 2011 , the u.n. says .  the killings of children and women spike , relatively , in the last half of 201 .
 opinion : here 's to collins -- and the nba <sec> roxanne jones : kudos to nba player jason collins for coming out publicly .  jones : nba head david stern worked for decades to create an inclusive environment .  jones : because of stern , it was `` no big deal '' when wnba 's brittney griner came out .  only question that matters for collins , she says , is whether he can step up his gam .
 review : 'miss bala ' is an entertaining mixed bag <sec> `` miss bala '' is based on the true story of former miss sinaloa , laura zúñiga .  laura ( stephanie sigman ) is a beautiful woman who dreams of winning the miss baja title .  the film is expertly shot and director naranjo does a great job creating drea .
 u.n. peacekeepers killed in darfur <sec> the three peacekeepers were killed in an ambush .  the attack took place in a camp for internally displaced people in north darfur .  the darfur region remains a tinderbo .
 bloomberg : assault weapons ban is tough sell <sec> getting rid of assault weapons is `` what we 've really got to work on , '' bloomberg says .  he says he 's encouraging members of mayors against illegal guns to lobby congress .  obama 's new measures probably would n't have prevented the newtown shooting , he says .  still , the new york mayor says , `` fewer guns means you and your children are safer .
 analysis : obama hit the marks he needed to <sec> president obama had a high bar after recent dramatic speeches .  convention speech acknowledges things are n't rosy in the country .  he points to better times ahead and suggests a path to get ther .
 barcelona crowned spanish champions after levante draw <sec> barcelona 's 1-1 draw at levante clinches the club 's 21st la liga title .  pep guardiola wins his third successive crown as coach with two games to play .  second-placed real madrid trail by six points but have inferior head-to-head record .  valencia fail to clinch third place and automatic champions league spot after dra .
 senate expected to pass budget bill -- narrowly <sec> the house passed a compromise budget bill easily , sending it to the senate .  bill aims to avert another government shutdown as early as mid january .  it would also ease unpopular spending cuts to the military and other programs .  majority democrats need some republican support to get measure through senat .
 reputed mobsters rounded up in u.s. , italy <sec> operation targets organized crime in u.s. , italy .  dozens in custody ; others sought .  u.s. grand jury names 62 reputed members of gambino crime family .  feds say suspects involved in international drug trafficking , robbery , murder , extortio .
 edwards ' voters up for grabs <sec> edwards has trailed clinton , obama in early primaries .  edwards wo n't give immediate endorsement to clinton or obama , sources sa .
 davis cup : france beat czechs to advance to final <sec> france book place in davis cup final with a 3-0 win over reigning champions .  jo-wilfried tsonga and richard gasquet win saturday 's doubles rubber in four sets .  italy still alive in other semi against switzerland after winning saturday 's doubles match .  fognini and bolelli win epic five-setter to make overall score 2-1 to take tie into final da .
 'honor ' murderer boasts of triple killing <sec> muhammad ismail tells cnn how he killed his wife , her mother and her sister .  he said : `` my wife never made me happy . .  she was like a prostitute '' .  in `` honor '' murders , women are usually accused of being unfaithful or disobedient .  human rights group reported 943 women killed in the name of honor in 201 .
 white house launches effort to combat soaring prescription drug abuse <sec> abuse of prescription drugs is reaching epidemic proportions , the administration says .  a new effort to combat the problem is being launched .  biden : the plan will `` lessen the burden this epidemic takes on our families .
 mementos at the memorial <sec> more than 100,000 objects have been left at vietnam veterans memorial .  as objects piled up , national park service established official collection .  traveling collections often on display at museums in u.s. and abroa .
 beyonce , aid groups try to reach 1 billion people for world humanitarian day <sec> world humanitarian day encourages benevolence and honors fallen aid workers .  ideas include providing a meal for a homeless person or volunteering .  beyonce premieres a music video for the song `` i was here '' .  the theme is about `` leaving our mark on the world , '' the singer say .
 acting kyrgyz president says death toll probably much higher <sec> new : un chief announces appeal for $ 71 million in aid .  interim kyrgyz government rep. shoots down suggestion u.s. airbase might be closed .  russian media : acting kyrgyz president says multiply official death toll by 10 .  un refugee agency unhcr will start airlifting supplies to kyrgyzstan this weeken .
 obama to iranians : 'we have the opportunity to start down a new path ' <sec> obama says he 's `` committed to diplomacy '' with iran .  he says a comprehensive deal will open up opportunities , prosperity for iran .  iran has been isolated internationally over its nuclear program .  an interim deal was reached last fall ; talks are under way for a bigger agreemen .
 former jihadist at the heart of libya 's revolution <sec> abdul hakeem belhaj is one of libya 's top anti-gadhafi rebel commanders .  some western analysts are concerned with his prominent role , given his past association with islamist forces .  belhaj was part of a group of libyans that fought alongside al qaeda against the soviets in afghanistan .  belhaj says the fact that he fought alongside al qaeda does n't mean he agrees with the aims of the organizatio .
 french to help build 2 russian navy ships <sec> french-led consortium will help build at least two new russian naval vessels .  the deal will help employ 1,000 people for four years around saint-nazaire , franc .
 adam lanza 's family : mom liked parlor games , guns ; dad , a tax exec , remarried <sec> new : relatives struggle to comprehend , express 'our heartfelt sorrow ' .  new : gunman adam lanza was a 'challenge , ' home-schooled , aunt says .  new : parents divorced ; mom was left 'very well off , ' aunt says .  father is a vp at ge energy financial services , mother was homemake .
 actor alec baldwin talks about getting kicked off plane <sec> baldwin was accused of refusing to turn off his cell phone on the plane .  he said it felt like a scene from a michael mann movie .  baldwin was in washington monday to promote federal funding for the art .
 tsunami videos made japan 's disaster a global event <sec> mao takahashi recorded moment tsunami struck his home town of ishinomaki .  teenager 's video watched over two million times on youtube .  amount of footage of last year 's disaster made it more comprehensible for people across the worl .
 some obsessions , compulsions not part of ocd <sec> as many as 4 million americans suffer from obsessive- compulsive disorder .  there is some debate about whether it is an anxiety disorder or something else .  compulsive gambling is not a symptom of ocd .  hoarding may be separate from ocd , and there is a new treatment for i .
 what would reagan do about isis ? ( opinion ) <sec> newt gingrich wonders how ronald reagan would have led during the current isis threat .  he says today we need a reagan-like grand strategy and clarity of moral purpose .  reagan may have approached isis as he did the threat and defeat of the soviet unio .
 jeffrey dahmer 's killer explains why he did it <sec> jeffrey dahmer 's killer tells new york post he did it because of the convict 's creepy practical jokes .  dahmer 's former minister tells the paper he 'd say to guard , `` i bite .
 detroit commuter who walked miles to work gets car <sec> james robertson walks 21 miles round-trip to work .  his story sparks online donations surpassing $ 300,000 .  local dealership gives him a new ford tauru .
 2012 olympic flame lit in ancient stadium <sec> actors dressed in ancient greek costumes light the olympic torch at original stadium .  solemn ceremony marks the start of flame 's week-long journey to britain .  torch will be carried by 8,000 relay runners and cover 8,000 miles across uk .  first runner is greece 's champion swimmer spyros giannioti .
 fight over mickey rooney 's remains averted <sec> rooney will be buried at hollywood forever , resting place of many stars .  his wife dropped a legal challenge before a friday court hearing .  rooney 's personal property is valued at about $ 18,000 , court papers said .  rooney left his estate to stepson mark roone .
 canadian parliamentarian sergeant-at-arms hailed as a hero <sec> police official : vickers exchanged gunshots from behind a pillar .  brother : this was the first time vickers exchanged gunfire over a long career .  he became sergeant-at-arms for canada 's house of commons in 2006 .  one legislator calls him the `` nicest guy you 'll ever meet '' and `` our hero .
 two executed in china over tainted milk <sec> zhang yujun and geng jinping executed for their roles in toxic milk scandal .  in all , 21 people were tried and sentenced in january for their roles in the scandal .  tainted milk killed at least six babies and sickened about 300,000 others .  drinking formula held melamine , a toxin dairy plants used to make protein levels appear highe .
 obama to nominate former top bush official to head fbi <sec> james comey to be nominated on friday , official says .  comey was a top justice department official during the bush administration .  appointment comes as obama administration deals with national security leak fallout .  robert mueller is leaving in september after 12 years leading fb .
 tiger woods earns first pga tour win since 2009 <sec> new : woods writes on twitter , `` heading home now and i ca n't stop smiling '' .  he won the arnold palmer invitational in orlando , florida , by five strokes .  it 's the golfer 's first pga tour victory since september 2009 .  arnold palmer did n't congratulate woods due to a blood pressure proble .
 lebanon 's women prisoners find freedom behind bars <sec> drama therapy helps lebanon 's women prisoners tell their life stories .  therapist zeina daccache is also a well-known actress and comedienne .  documentary about similar project in men 's prison won international award .
 wenger charged after confronting official <sec> arsene wenger charged by the english football association with improper conduct .  wenger confronted fourth official martin atkinson after his side 's 1-1 draw at sunderland .  arsenal captain cesc fabregas will be out for two weeks with leg injur .
 apple fans mark 25 years of mac devotion <sec> saturday marks the 25th anniversary of the first macintosh computer .  apple launched the mac in 1984 with ridley scott 's landmark super bowl xviii ad .  steve jobs is credited for cult-like worship seen in tattoos , collections , macquariums .  fans flock to macworld expos , apple store openings and hoard ebay purchase .
