 u.s. to face 2030 as 'first among equals , ' report projects <sec> the u.s. will remain the top global power , but no more `` pax americana , '' a new report finds .  the report projects various `` alternative worlds '' based on current trends .  the world will be richer , more technologically advanced ; but that has risks , report says .  new : terrorists might focus more on economic and financial disruption , expert say .
 jetblue takes to youtube to apologize to stranded passengers <sec> jetblue head says the airline let some of its customers down .  rob maruster asks for a `` second chance '' .  pilot : crying baby , fighting , two passengers ' medical conditions ramped up tension .  jetblue apologizes , saying weather and size of airport contributed to backlo .
 nations scramble to account for missing after algeria hostage crisis <sec> new : an algerian official says algeria does n't need help securing its energy facilities .  new : algerians are searching hospitals , villages and more for missing , statoil reports .  the number of those killed in the crisis will likely go up , an algerian official says .  a new video reportedly claims responsibility in the name of al qaed .
 25 years gone : texas inmate michael morton cleared in wife 's murder <sec> ex-da expresses `` regret '' for micheal morton 's `` prosecution and incorrect incarceration '' .  michael morton was wrongly convicted in his wife 's murder and served nearly 25 years .  jurors convicted morton , but they were n't allowed to hear all the evidence .  morton 's ties with son faded over the years , but they 've grown close after his releas .
 friendly fire led to officer 's shooting during boston manhunt <sec> three days after the boston marathon bombings , the fbi showed images of the suspects .  hours later , a massive shootout unfolded in watertown between police and the suspects .  almost a month after the terror attack , police sources have shed new light on the watertown shootin .
 boy on milk carton still missing after 30 years <sec> boy , 6 , begged his parents to let him walk to school bus stop for first time .  he never showed up at school in manhattan 's soho neighborhood .  etan patz disappeared on may 25 , 1979 .  know something ? .  call the fbi/nypd etan patz hotline : 212-384-220 .
 suspect detained in china school killings <sec> xinhua : three dead , three children and four others wounded .  xinhua : police find two-foot ( 60-centimeter ) knife that fang said he used .  motive for attack not immediately known .  the 26-year-old man tells police he was responsibl .
 expert : promoter deal with michael jackson doc 'highly inappropriate ' <sec> music industry veteran david berman testifies for jackson side in wrongful death trial .  aeg live 's contract with dr. murray caused 'an inherent conflict of interest ' .  jackson 's longtime chef kai chase set to testify tuesday .  fire marshal limits number of observers in court , allowing just 1 member of the publi .
 hagupit batters philippines , killing at least 25 <sec> nearly 1,000 homes have been destroyed , the red cross says .  `` every typhoon damages our home . .  we do n't have the money to fix it , '' a grandmother says .  hagupit is downgraded from a typhoon to a tropical storm as it weakens .  flooding concerns for manila as storm moves slowly across the countr .
 latest boeing dreamliner takes off <sec> new : boeing 's dreamliner 787-9 lands after after 5-plus-hour test flight .  the dreamliner 787-9 holds 40 more passengers than the earlier 787 .  air new zealand will receive the first 787-9 in mid-201 .
 no cash ? no problem , if you barter <sec> many americans are bartering as a way to cope with tough economic times .  bartering involves trading goods and services without exchanging money .  researcher : bartering activity rises dramatically during economic downturns .  `` we trade for just about anything you can think of , '' barter network president say .
 obama announces military advisers going to iraq - cnnpolitics.com <sec> conservative hawks says obama did n't go far enough .  president obama outlines steps to bolster iraq against isis fighters .  cnn military analyst : `` it is boots on the ground '' .  u.s. forces will advise iraq 's military , collect intelligenc .
 iberia pilots on strike again over new low-cost carrier <sec> iberia pilots plan a one-day strike every monday and friday until july .  they see a threat to their jobs or working conditions from budget airline iberia express .  monday 's strike led to 124 canceled flights , 38 % of iberia 's scheduled flights .  iberia has filed a court complaint against the pilots ; a ruling could still be weeks awa .
 saudi woman approved to wear headscarf during olympics judo competition <sec> judo competitor wojdan shaherkani has been told she can wear her headscarf .  her father and saudi officials insist she must wear it .  this year is the first time saudi arabia has sent women to the olympics .  shaherkani is 16 and competes in her first match frida .
 walmart ups stake in china e-commerce group <sec> walmart has more than 350 stores in china .  it remains a relative novice in e-commerce in the united states .  amazon leads the market ther .
 blobfish declared world 's ugliest animal <sec> blobfish named official mascot of ugly animal preservation society .  proboscis monkey , pig-nosed turtle mount challenge , but no ugliness could equal the blob .  ugly animal preservation society is brainchild of simon watt , british biologist and television personalit .
 microsoft kinect sales set new guinness world record <sec> microsoft has sold more than 10 million kinect systems for the xbox 360 .  kinect is a controller-free gaming system that launched in november .  sales rate fast enough to earn kinect title of `` fastest-selling consumer device .
 deep brain stimulation offers hope for ocd patient <sec> with deep brain stimulation , electrodes are implanted in the brain .  the experimental treatment is more commonly used to treat nervous system disorders .  doctors are testing it out for depression and oc .
 in tunisia 's capital , protesters take to the streets <sec> thousands are congregated in tunis .  the demonstration is peaceful .  this comes a day after the president 's speec .
 officials : sadr city battles killed hundreds in april <sec> new : 3 u.s. soldiers killed in 2 roadside bombs ; total u.s. death toll at 4,062 .  government attacks on militants will stop when insurgency stops , official says .  official : civilians killed because militants `` use the population to cover themselves '' .  iraqi security forces , shiite militants have been fighting in sadr city for week .
 the most extreme hole in golf ? <sec> cnn world sport visits the most extreme hole in golf at legend resort in south africa .  to reach the extreme 19th you need to take a helicopter 430 meters up a mountain .  the resort 's signature course features 18 holes each designed by a top golfer .  resort also offers safari with lions , leopards , elephants , rhinos and buffalo on sit .
 nigeria 's ruling party sets presidential primary dates <sec> president jonathan says he will formally declare his candidacy saturday .  he made the announcement on his facebook page .  authorities approved his eligibility last mont .
 us relief at smooth saudi power transfer - cnnpolitics.com <sec> us relieved at succession plan roll-out after king abdullah 's death .  saudi arabia a key anti-terror ally in volatile region .  but tensions still simmer with riyadh over ira .
 japan yakuza and banks : mobster connections ? <sec> three of japan 's largest banks are under scrutiny for making loans to underworld groups .  mizuho has punished 54 executives loans to people affiliated with the yakuza , the japanese mafia .  expert : `` yakuza have been tremendously successful because they can work out in the open .
 architecture captures two sides of barcelona <sec> modernisme , or catalan modernism , emerged in the late 1800s in barcelona .  the city 's medieval structures contrast sharply with its moderniste landmarks .  architect antoni gaudi 's works are highlights of catalan modernis .
 opinion : what 's the etiquette of 'selfies ' at funerals ? <sec> elaine swann : obama `` selfie '' with denmark pm at mandela memorial looked inappropriate .  but photog said it was during celebratory part of service ; first lady had been smiling , too .  she says selfie appropriate for obama , given circumstances , but not usually ok at funerals .  swann : in church , synagogue , at services , selfies not ok etiquette . .  wait until afterwar .
 syrian media : attacks kill more than 50 in homs , damascus <sec> new : mortar and car bomb attacks killed nearly 60 people , report says .  new : a car bombing in homs ' al-zahra neighborhood kills 40 , state news agency says .  the car bomb hits an alawite area , says the syrian observatory for human rights .  chemical weapons watchdog says it is investigating chlorine gas attack claim .
 underground no more , miners go to disney world <sec> disney is hosting miners and rescuers next month .  the group is going to be grand marshals at a disney world parad .
 lawyer : norway terror suspect will 'explain himself ' monday <sec> suspect will `` explain himself '' in court monday , his self-described lawyer says .  anders behring breivik felt the attacks were `` horrible '' but `` necessary , '' says the lawyer .  the combined death toll in the attacks rises to 92 , with 85 killed in the camp shooting .  the attacks may have been politically motivated , foreign minister say .
 australia instigates ban on travel from west africa <sec> australia implements freeze on visas from west african countries affected by ebola .  move criticized by parliamentary opposition .  pm abbott defends decision , saying the country has been active in fight against deadly diseas .
 palestinians again take status case to u.n . <sec> new : clinton says only negotiations will lead to a two-state solution .  new resolution aims to raise palestinian status to non-member observer .  several european countries back effort , but u.s. , uk and israel do not .  palestinians lost statehood effort in 2011 when proposition failed security council vot .
 wives face life in the spotlight <sec> life in the spotlight for the wives of the candidates may play a number of ways .  michelle obama has been portrayed as angry , negative and unpatriotic .  heiress cindy mccain is the republican 's second wife .  mccain left his first wife , carol shepp , after returning from vietna .
 romney defeats santorum by 8 votes in iowa <sec> romney vows to keep his campaign focused on defeating obama margin of victory is closest ever for gop presidential contest .  santorum 's campaign says he proved he 's the only conservative who can beat romney mccain to endorse romney , senior gop source says .  paul says `` the message of liberty is appealing to everybody '' .  romney gets 30,015 votes , santorum collects 30,00 .
 the mozart of madras : composer a. r. rahman <sec> composer a. r. rahman has sold over 200 million albums worldwide .  the 'mozart of madras ' works in both the indian film industry and hollywood .  rahman 's work includes the music for 'the lord of the rings ' stage productio .
 'brilliant bus ' shrinking digital divide <sec> estella pyfrom 's mobile computer lab is for those who lack computer , internet access .  the `` brilliant bus '' helps poor students improve their grades , prepare for college .  it 's also giving adults a chance to better themselves , improve their quality of lif .
 eric abidal : god helped me fight cancer <sec> eric abidal is a professional football player with french club monaco .  he survived two cancer scares and returned to play for barcelona .  veteran defender hopes to play for france at the 2014 world cup in brazil .  abidal : `` the way i see it is that god gives you challenges .
 flu vaccine attitudes abroad differ from u.s . <sec> the u.s. and canada are the only countries to suggest vaccinating nearly everyone .  this year 's flu vaccine is only 62 % effective . .  some worry that enthusiasm for the vaccine stops progress on more effective one .
 embattled abbott looks to separate friends from foes <sec> facing criticism from all sides , australian leader tony abbott begs for more time .  low approval ratings and state-level drubbings are taking their toll .  perceived rivals publicly backing him -- for no .
 liz cheney abandons senate bid - cnnpolitics.com <sec> cheney releases a statement citing `` serious health issues '' in her family .  wyoming sen. mike enzi first won the senate seat in 1996 .  the contest caused bitter feelings in the republican party and the cheney family .  enzi and cheney speak by phone ; he says he respects her decisio .
 top u.s. water parks <sec> kalahari resort in sandusky , ohio , doubled the size of the park in 2007 .  at water world in denver visitors can hop onto inner tubes and journey into the dark .  the cliff diver at splish splash in long island will drop daredevils eight storie .
 nsa leaker comes forward , warns of agency 's 'existential threat ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> sen. dianne feinstein says program info aided two declassified cases .  `` if they want to get you , over time they will , '' snowden says .  u.s. officials say the program is overseen by courts and congress .  senators have expressed concerns about the scope of the program befor .
 u.n. condemns syrian killings ; toll in massacre rises as violence goes on <sec> more than 50 people are killed throughout syria on sunday , opposition activists say .  security council singles out `` government artillery and tank shelling '' in massacre .  `` severe physical abuse , '' gunfire also blamed .  syria says the statement leaves blame ambiguous , promises to investigat .
 how turkey 's business superwoman steers empire in man 's world <sec> guler sabanci is in charge of turkey 's largest financial and industrial conglomerate .  she is the third generation of her family to run the business , founded by her grandfather .  she also controls a university , museum and foundation bearing her family 's nam .
 most say obama can handle terror threat , poll finds <sec> nearly two-thirds have moderate or great deal of confidence in president 's handling of terrorism .  majority in survey say full-body scanners should be used in airports .  poll indicates no increase in overall concern about terrorism .  findings come after christmas day attempt to blow up a u.s. je .
 marc marquez makes motogp history with fifth victory of rookie season <sec> motogp rookie marc marquez wins his fifth race of his debut season , a new record .  the honda rider triumphs in czech grand prix to extend his world championship lead .  the 20-year-old spaniard has won the last four races in motorcycling 's elite class .  world champion jorge lorenzo has to settle for third after being passed by dani pedros .
 from wrap dress to riches <sec> young and pregnant belgian designer diane halfin moved to new york in 1969 .  she married egon von furstenberg and launched her famous wrap dress .  millions were sold and soon the dvf brand appeared on perfume , home wares .  dvf says : `` if i have any mission in life ... it is to empower women .
 fbi : syrian war raises worries of future attacks in u.s . <sec> fbi director james comey says dozens of u.s. residents have gone to syria .  europeans and others who have gone to syria also pose a concern to the u.s. , he said .  comey met with reporters at fbi headquarters and discussed a range of topic .
 ivanisevic 's epic wimbledon win an 'unsolved mystery ' <sec> twelve years after his wimbledon triumph , goran ivanisevic is n't sure how he won .  ivanisevic needed a wildcard to enter the tournament because his ranking was n't high enough .  ivanisevic beat patrick rafter in a 'people 's monday ' final after losing three other finals .  ivanisevic , hampered by a shoulder injury , contemplated quitting tennis before his titl .
 don king aims for boxing match in north korea <sec> don king , who turned 81 this week , is still promoting boxing matches .  he hopes to sponsor a boxing and music event in north korea .  his office in south florida is a virtual museum of his legacy .  `` i 'm a guy that uses boxing as a catalyst to bring people together , '' king told cn .
 soldier 's old cake never dies , it just gets eaten <sec> retiring army col. henry moak treats himself to pound cake saved from 1973 .  moak says he always liked the cake and `` would eat it any chance i could get '' .  he saved the c ration goodie to have alongside traditional retirement cak .
 send a raven : 'game of thrones ' is back <sec> the smash hit series `` game of thrones '' returns for a fifth season sunday .  major story arcs should start to converge this yea .
 source : 4 being questioned about drugs in actor hoffman 's apartment <sec> source : heroin recovered does not contain fentanyl .  such a combination has claimed lives in maryland and pennsylvani .
 arrest made in espn reporter 's voyeur video case <sec> chicago man accused of secretly videotaping espn reporter erin andrews in nude .  authorities say andrews was filmed through peephole in hotel rooms .  videos were later posted on internet , according to fbi .  michael david barrett faces interstate stalking charge , authorities sa .
 bon jovi and big freedia bring showmanship to jazz fest <sec> bon jovi and big freedia played at new orleans jazz and heritage festival .  richie sambora 's fill-in is phil x -- xenidis , an l.a. session guitarist .  big freedia is one of the biggest names in what 's come to be known as `` sissy bounce .
 veteran somali journalist killed in mogadishu fighting <sec> he is killed while covering fierce fighting between rebels and government forces .  renewed fighting has gone on for three days .  somalia is one of the most dangerous places for journalist .
 mexican drug cartel says it extends truce <sec> the familia michoacana is one of the most violence cartels in mexico .  in a statement , the group says it will extend a truce for another month .  police have not stopped going after the carte .
 meet the beetles : hawaii mobilizes to fight bug invasion <sec> destructive beetle that kills coconut palms found in hawaii .  the coconut rhino beetle has done extensive damage on guam since 2007 .  it poses a `` tremendous '' economic risk to hawaii if it is n't controlled , official say .
 ariz. police , dea bust 'extensive ' drug-trafficking ring <sec> authorities seize $ 7.8 in cash and make more than 200 arrests .  they also recover 650 pounds of marijuana and 435 pounds of methamphetamine .  the 15-month investigation was dubbed `` operation crank call .
 7 colombian soldiers killed by suspected guerrillas <sec> police engaged in routine patrol near city of tibu in northern columbia .  they were ambushed by an explosive device , defense ministry spokesman says .  national liberation army guerrillas operate in area and are suspected in attack .  in separate election day incident , three soldiers killed in confrontation with far .
 iraqis say oil well still being held ; iran denies claims <sec> new : both sides say they are in negotiations , have committee working on border dispute .  well is in maysan province , east of amara , near iranian border , officials say .  the two countries fought 8-year war that ended in 1988 with parts of border under disput .
 suspected mexican drug lords reveal their secrets on camera <sec> mexican authorities have begun releasing interrogation videos .  most of the subjects are suspected drug lords awaiting trial .  government has been under pressure to show results of drug offensiv .
 facebook inspires status envy <sec> wedding season brought a string of nuptial-themed posts to sari zeidler 's facebook newsfeed .  zeidler questioned her life choices when faced with friends ' happy status updates .  friends agreed that news of weddings , babies and new jobs can cause self-doubt .  dr. joy browne says putting social media posts in context is key to a healthy attitud .
 obama played hardball in first chicago campaign <sec> sen. barack obama used the rule book to win first race for illinois state senate .  democrat challenged opponents ' petitions and forced them off the ballot .  opponent says obama 's move `` was n't honorable .
 storm family , dog reunite 18 months later <sec> chuck and elicia james lost their dog during superstorm sandy a year and a half ago .  while looking to adopt a new dog , reckless was the very first dog introduced to them .  `` he jumped 3 feet in the air , '' owner tells cnn .  `` we love happy endings , '' animal shelter ceo say .
