 opinion : apple becoming a follower , not a leader <sec> apple 's quarterly earnings show profits have fallen but sales have beaten expectations .  andrew mayer : apple seems to be in danger of becoming a follower .  he says apple is testing larger screens for its mobile devices in competition with samsung .  mayer : what the company needs are bold new ideas , not bigger iphones or ipad .
 bizarre tax laws hit crack heads , pro-athletes <sec> in 1983 , arizona was first state to tax holders of illegal drugs or moonshine .  similar laws in 30 + states say collectors are n't allowed to rat out taxpayers .  if you house a victim of a midwestern disaster , irs offers $ 500 tax exemption .  arkansas taxes tattoos , electrolysis ; out-of-state pro-athletes taxed in 19 state .
 af447 pilot : 'damn it , we 're going to crash ' <sec> the data comes from flight recorders that lay on the sea bed for nearly two years .  the book `` erreurs de pilotage '' ( pilot error ) details the last two minutes of flight .  the bea and air france have both condemned publication of the transcript .  they say it shows a lack of respect for the victim .
 pakistan condemns drone strike in north waziristan <sec> new : pakistan 's government condemns drone strike that hit wednesday .  six suspected militants were killed in strike in north waziristan , sources say .  the latest strike was the third drone attack in the area this mont .
 facebook tweaks its privacy settings <sec> facebook is testing minor privacy settings changes to give users more control .  a new privacy checkup pop-up is aimed at users who have n't adjusted their settings in a while .  the company has had a bumpy past with privacy and wants to earn back trus .
 democrats , listen to the voices of protest ( opinion ) <sec> errol louis says activists stage big protests but democratic leaders are n't listening .  he says party suffered from very low turnout , lack of enthusiasm in recent elections .  louis says democratic leaders should take their cue from climate , ferguson protester .
 after space jump , what 's the next big stunt ? <sec> you said : journey to earth 's core , go to mars .  felix baumgartner jumped from the edge of space .  james cameron traveled to the ocean 's lowest depths .  nasa official says a person could be on mars in 20 to 30 year .
 controversial serial killer 's paintings go on display in las vegas <sec> exhibit coordinator : `` i see it as an opportunity to help from something that was bad '' .  the exhibit of john wayne gacy 's artwork includes a painting of jeffrey dahmer 's skull .  gacy created the 74 pieces of art while he was on death row awaiting execution .  among the paintings expected to be displayed is a self-portrait that gacy gave to pen-pal .
 4 colorado shooting victims remembered for vitality , selflessness <sec> new : a shooting victim has a miscarriage while being treated at a hospital , her family says .  alex teves and matt mcquinn , who both died while shielding his girlfriend , are remembered .  a service is held for jessica ghawi , as is a funeral for u.s. navy sailor john larimer .  12 died and scores were wounded in last week 's attack at a colorado movie theate .
 u.n. peacekeeper killed in africa <sec> a tanzanian was killed in the democratic republic of the congo .  a u.n. mission is joining the congolese army in fighting m23 rebels .  the eastern region of the vast country has been a bloody battleground for year .
 what is 'clean eating ? ' tips from expert tosca reno <sec> tosca reno champions a clean eating lifestyle .  clean eating means avoiding all processed food .  it `` really is a lifestyle change , '' reno says .  living healthy has helped her power through grief after her husband 's deat .
 qatari expulsion of alleged libyan rape victim upsets u.s . <sec> new : al-obeidy says she is warned from doing tv interviews .  new : amnesty international condemns her deportation .  cnn places numerous calls to various ministries for response without success .  a witness says eman al-obeidy had a black eye , bruises and scratche .
 'brave ' : it 's the girls ' turn to shine <sec> `` brave '' stands as a crisp , lively frolic , brimming with texture and color .  merida fits right in line with the dynamic damsels we 've seen at the movies of late .  kelly macdonald provides the voice to this warrior princess ; yarn is set in scotlan .
 google search turns 15 , gets a makeover <sec> google search getting voice upgrades , `` card '' style update .  upgrades were announced at celebration of google 's 15th birthday .  the event was at a garage where the company was create .
 two tornadoes hit new york city as severe weather lashes region <sec> new : thousands without power in virginia , maryland , d.c . .  a tornado hits in a beachfront neighborhood in the queens borough of new york .  a second tornado hits new york city , this one in brooklyn .  12 are hurt trying to evacuate arena outside d.c. due to severe weathe .
 obama outlines foreign policy vision of 'might and right ' <sec> sen. mccain says obama has failed to properly exert america 's might .  president obama presents a broad vision designed in part to rebuff critics .  obama has come under criticism for what opponents say is a passive approach .  he argues global leadership requires military might , alliances and diplomatic tool .
 facebook highlights privacy protection for minors on graph search <sec> facebook graph search to have extra protections for minors .  info on users under 18 will be hidden from the search .  that info includes birthday , school , current city and hometown .  graph search lets users search for others by common interest .
 lavabit , snowden 's e-mail provider , shuts down <sec> a pro-privacy e-mail service used by nsa leaker edward snowden abruptly shut down thursday .  lavabit owner says he refuses to `` become complicit in crimes against the american people '' .  lavabit may be fighting legal requests from federal authorities investigating snowde .
 ebro ceo : strong euro is 'major concern ' for business <sec> ebro is a global producer of rice , pasta and sauces with a large international footprint .  ebro has offset sluggish demand in europe by expanding into higher growth markets .  most recently ebro acquired a 25 % stake in riso scotti for $ 23.6 millio .
 san diego mayor bob filner quits -- says he faced 'lynch mob ' hysteria <sec> new : filner says he was forced out due to a `` coup '' based on `` rumor and innuendo '' .  new : his remarks left people inside city hall stunned , a source says .  new : council president says the deal `` allows our city to begin to heal '' .  18 women have publicly accused filner of sexual harassment ; 1 has sue .
 'fast and furious ' flap likely to linger <sec> `` operation fast and furious '' let hundreds of guns reach mexico , investigators say .  attorney general eric holder is likely to face tough questions at an upcoming senate hearing .  the botched atf probe is a `` black eye '' for the justice department , former official says .  but the controversy is not likely to become a major scandal , analyst tells cn .
 china fires railway heads , punishes dozens after deadly crash <sec> the government will pay $ 145,000 in compensation for each victim .  a safety overhaul of high-speed lines has been completed , the government says .  the government probe found lightning and signaling failures contributed to the accident .  many chinese believed the government engaged in a coverup after the cras .
 amanda knox pleads for her freedom as murder appeal ends <sec> it is n't just the dna , '' kercher 's mother says .  the kercher family remains `` satisfied '' by the conviction , kercher 's sister says .  amanda knox tells the court : `` i have n't murdered . .  i have n't raped . .  i have n't stolen . '' .  she is fighting to be acquitted ; prosecutors want her sentence increase .
 federal judge : oklahoma ban on same-sex marriage unconstitutional <sec> new : expert : federal judges striking down state gay marriage bans `` looks like a trend '' .  a federal judge says oklahoma 's same-sex marriage ban violates u.s. constitution .  he stays enforcement of the ruling , pending appeals ; this also happened in a utah case .  governor says she 's `` troubled '' the government `` ignored '' the people 's wil .
 there 's no 'magic wand ' for jobs <sec> commenter : `` you think the president just waves his magic wand and jobs are created ? '' .  john sutter : congress , the president and all of us can help .  sutter : the long-term unemployed encounter widespread discrimination .  commenter : `` you do whatever you have to to get work .
 real hit back to hold barcelona in clasico copa del rey clash <sec> real madrid and barcelona draw 1-1 in first leg of copa del rey semifinal .  raphael varane heads 81st minute equalizer to cancel out cesc fabregas ' opener .  two teams will meet again at camp nou for second leg on february 26 .  manchester united extends lead at top of english premier leagu .
 bayern finally back on top of bundesliga <sec> bayern munich return to the top of bundesliga table for first time since may 2008 .  louis van gaal 's team win 2-0 at home hoffenheim in first match after winter break .  martin demichelis scores opener in 35th minute and miroslav klose adds late second .  hoffenheim were left in seventh place with 25 points from 18 matches , 11 adrift of bayer .
 chinese women caught in 'epic clash ' <sec> chinese women want what all women want : great careers , true love , maybe a child .  clash between chinese women 's newfound dreams and traditional notions of female role in society .  chinese women 's media is helping women redefine themselve .
 orioles pitcher acquitted in dominican shooting death <sec> alfredo simon was charged with killing one man , wounding another on january 1 .  defense said prosecution failed to prove he fired the gun that killed michell castillo , 25 .  prosecutors claim simon bribed witnesses , including the wounded 17-year-ol .
 protesters stand up to stand your ground , but laws likely here to stay <sec> protesters vow to stay at florida governor 's office 24-7 until he meets with them .  22 states have laws saying residents have no `` duty '' to retreat from attackers .  national rifle association defends laws , saying self-defense is a `` human right '' .  gun policy expert : laws a `` very bad idea , '' research shows they increase homicid .
 king tut replica tomb opens to public in egypt <sec> the replica of king tutankhamun 's tomb in luxor , egypt , took four years to construct and install .  moisture from the breath of decades of visitors has caused the deterioration of original tomb .  the replica was constructed by a madrid-based team who are working to recreate other egyptian tomb .
 cia torture : we 're all culpable <sec> will marshall : cia director john brennan 's speech will fuel debate on torture .  report reveals shockingly deep partisan divide over morality of torture , marshall says .  marshall : report has relentlessly adversarial ton .
 georgia elderly man decapitated , wife missing ; police seek clues <sec> sheriff says russell dermond decapitated ; whereabouts of his head unknown .  shirley is missing and in danger ; police ask anyone with more details to call .  worried friends went to their home in upscale neighborhood this week , found body in garage .  pastor describes parents of three as `` beloved in the community '' and `` sweet as can be .
 for haiti 's smallest survivors , emotional wounds need tending <sec> haitians are receiving aid in form of water , food , but few have received counseling .  for many children , school is helping to return a sense of normalcy to their lives .  `` it 's as if they were thirsting for school , '' teacher jacques junior mathieu says .  some privately run schools that can provide safe classroom space reopened this wee .
 'main battle ' about to begin in aleppo , un peacekeeping chief says <sec> new : `` the focus is now on aleppo , '' un peacekeeping chief says .  rebels , government trade accusations over a refugee camp attack .  at least 130 people have been killed thursday , opposition says .  kofi annan leaving position as special envo .
 russia : expelled british reporter violated rules <sec> new : russia said harding violated rules involving the work of correspondents .  luke harding has covered major stories in russia since 2007 .  russian authorities reprimanded harding last yea .
 verdict due in 1979 killing of 6-year-old etan patz <sec> the young boy 's face appeared on milk cartons all across the united states .  patz 's case marked a time of heightened awareness of crimes against children .  pedro hernandez confessed three years ago to the 1979 killing i .
 donations pour into philippines in wake of deadly storm <sec> foreign aid has reached $ 12.6 million .  19 nations across the world have made or pledged donations .  1,257 people died in the storm .  tropical storm sendong struck the weekend of december 1 .
 even the critics like cameron 's 'avatar ' <sec> james cameron 's `` avatar '' had its world premiere in london yesterday .  the 3d sci-fi epic goes on public release worldwide on december 18 .  read what the critics have said said so fa .
 army general tapped to investigate how , why bowe bergdahl left base <sec> source : a two-star general has been appointed to investigate bowe bergdahl 's disappearance .  the general is expected to begin work on the case next week , the source said .  the source declined to identify the genera .
 life 's a beach with dream australian island job <sec> tourism queensland advertises dream island job for $ 100,000 .  position requires successful applicant to explore island group .  comes with free house , travel , a pool and snorkeling ki .
 antidepressants , not sleep drugs , often prescribed for insomnia <sec> doctors prescribed more antidepressants for insomnia .  there is lack of evidence that antidepressants are effective for insomnia .  practice may continue because some sleeping drugs are benzodiazepines .  about 40 million americans have chronic sleep disorders that prevent good res .
 shell : grounded drilling rig sound and fit to be towed <sec> shell says there is no evidence of any sheen in the vicinity .  the rig is upright and there is no threat to its stability , shell says .  the fuel tanks appear intact , the company says .  the drilling rig ran aground during a storm monday off alaska 's southern coas .
 mali : 21 bodies found in mass grave , defense ministry says <sec> the bodies are thought to be those of soldiers , a ministry of defense spokeswoman says .  they are believed to have been killed after mali 's march 2012 coup .  investigators will seek to identify the men as they are removed from the mass grave .  coup leader amadou sanogo has been arrested , accused of complicity in kidnappin .
 fernando alonso : spaniard rejoins mclaren for 2015 <sec> two-time world champion alonso rejoins mclaren , the stable he left in 2007 .  alonso will be partnered by jenson button , retained above rookie kevin magnussen .  mclaren chairman ron dennis labels the duo 'the best driver lineup ' of any f1 team .  magnussen will stay on as reserve and test drive .
 merkel insists on two-speed europe <sec> germany chancellor angela merkel said a core group of states should press on with eurozone integration to fight the debt crisis .  merkel 's comments ran counter to u.k. prime minister david cameron 's call for short-term crisis measures .  berlin perceives a contradiction between the u.k. 's refusal to agree to new eu fiscal rules amid its calls for more interventio .
 space elevators and smart machines : life in the year 2100 <sec> michio kaku is professor of theoretical physics at city university of new york .  he has spoken to scientists who predicted future technologies .  biotechnology may eventually allow us to stop the aging process , says kaku .  nuclear fusion power could become a major player by mid-century , he say .
 opinion : no justice in cops ' killing of homeless man <sec> ruben navarrette : too many high-profile cases in california produce travesties of justice .  he says jury acquitted two ex-cops in malicious beating death captured on video .  he says case showed abuse of power , bullying behind badge ; happens too often in u.s . .  navarrette : only one place left that can right this wrong : the justice department .
 football in the firing line : the gaza cup final <sec> 5,000 palestinians turn out for a rare football tournament in gaza city . .  hamas prime minister ismail haniyeh turns up to award the cup . .  the league was suspended after hamas seized gaza 's top sports clubs . .  the palestinian fa blames the military wing of hamas .
 sources : u.s. to slap new sanctions on iran 's petrochemical industry <sec> u.s. sanctions already prohibit companies from doing business with iran .  sources : new measures aim to ban foreign companies from doing business with iran 's petrochemical industry .  the measures threaten them with being banned from u.s. markets , sources sa .
 airline quality report sorts out the duds from the dynamos in 2012 <sec> hawaiian airlines again lands at no . .  1 in on-time performance .  the airline quality rankings report looks at the 14 largest u.s. airlines .  expressjet and american airlines had the worst on-time performance .  virgin america had the best baggage handling ; southwest had lowest complaint rat .
 will they knock down the astrodome ? <sec> the astrodome opened in 1965 but has n't had a tenant since 2003 .  the world 's first sports dome is next to the stadium where the houston texans play .  architects drew up plans for a greenspace on the site where fans could gather .  county welcomes the plan , but official says they will make final decisio .
 new honduran proposal on table <sec> new : chance for compromise passed with arias ' original plan , zelaya side says .  new : accord has to be presented to three government branches , micheletti side says .  new : arias signals his latest effort is his final as mediator .  zelaya 's ouster has drawn international condemnatio .
 el clasico : real madrid end barcelona 's unbeaten run <sec> real madrid beat rivals barcelona 3-1 in first el clasico of the season .  neymar gives barcelona an early lead before los blancos hit back .  ronaldo , pepe and benzema score in comfortable win over la liga leaders .  luis suarez starts for barcelona , sets up neymar 's goal , subbed in 69th minut .
 report : shiite militia , iraqi forces behind massacre <sec> human rights watch report finds shiite militia behind the massacre at a mosque .  the report also said iraqi security forces , believed to be police , were involved .  witnesses and survivors said they recognized the gunmen .  34 people were killed and more than a dozen wounded in the mosque attac .
 tiger woods chasing leading duo at the barclays <sec> matt kuchar and gary woodland lead the barclays by one shot after round three .  kevin chappell in second place after breaking course record with 62 on saturday .  tiger woods four shots back on eight under following his second successive 69 .  world no . .  1 tied for fourth with englishman david lynne in new jerse .
 holder becomes attorney general <sec> eric holder sworn in during justice department ceremony .  holder is first african-american confirmed to the post .  senate confirmed his appointment monday on 75-21 vote .  he is a former federal prosecutor , deputy attorney genera .
 ivory coast ends long wait for afcon title <sec> ivory coast wins 2015 africa cup of nations .  beats ghana in penalty shoot out after extra time in goalless clash .  ivory coast goalkeeper boubacar barry scores winning penalty .  first africa cup of nations victory for ivorians since 199 .
 world 's biggest superyacht : the billion dollar limit ? <sec> introducing `` triple deuce , '' the world 's largest superyacht at 728 feet ( 222 meters ) long .  will also be most expensive private yacht on the planet with $ 1 billion price ta .
 73-year-old porn star bedazzles japan 's aged <sec> former travel agent shigeo tokuda , 73 , stars in over 200 japanese porn videos .  ruby productions produces tokuda 's movies and specializes in elderly porn videos .  tokuda 's dvd 's are bought primarily by the middle-aged and elderly .  ruby productions says it 's just meeting a demand of an aging japanese societ .
 kengo kuma : the `` sushi '' architect striving for perfection <sec> japanese architect has popularized sensitive japanese traditions in buildings .  has works across the world including museums and private residences .  `` architecture is like sushi : balance of material and skill is very important .
 landrieu pushes for keystone pipeline vote - cnnpolitics.com <sec> sen. mary landrieu wants a vote this week to approve the keystone xl pipeline .  if she succeeds , it could help her chances of winning re-election in a dec. 6 runoff .  landrieu 's push highlights her influence on energy issues ahead of the electio .
 rival demonstrations fill tehran streets <sec> new : supreme leader ayatollah khamenei urges iranians to stand behind republic .  thousands of ahmadinejad supporters crowd streets of central tehran .  supporters backing mir hossein moussavi protest for fourth day elsewhere in city .  iran 's election authority to recount disputed votes in presidential electio .
 acorn chief says videos 'made my stomach turn ' <sec> acorn leader defends community organizing group at national press club .  some acorn workers advised undercover conservatives on prostitution in videos .  acorn 's bertha lewis says group targeted due to its voter registration efforts .  lewis : acorn has responded properly to allegations , fired workers in video .
