 nothing stops a bullet like a job <sec> van jones : gun debate needs to go beyond background checks and assault weapons .  jones : gun violence also tied to poverty , mental illness , lack of opportunity .  jones : most people killed by guns in suicides , then in murders , not in mass shootings .  jones : we need jobs , education , activist community groups to help young peopl .
 inside al qaeda underground torture bunkers <sec> abandoned al qaeda in iraq bunker base littered with bones of its enemies .  u.s. bombed bunkers in 2007 but stench of decay remains in desert base .  source close to al qaeda says it lost in iraq as it lost support of the people .  he says al qaeda 's focus is now afghanista .
 suspect in kidnapping of prosecutor 's dad arrested <sec> new : quantavious thompson appears in court thursday .  new : thompson , 18 , was arrested late wednesday .  new : another suspect , jakym tibbs , is still being sought .  fbi says it 's too early to determine whether $ 25,000 reward played a role in arres .
 sony slashes ps3 price tag by $ 100 <sec> sony drops price of current 60gb playstation 3 console by $ 100 in u.s . .  ps3 still costs twice that of nintendo 's best-selling wii console , which is $ 250 .  some expect microsoft to respond with its first price cuts on the xbox 360 .  sony to revise ps3 console with bigger 80gb hard driv .
 u.s. official says russian troop movements near ukraine raise concerns <sec> new : about 150,000 personnel are participating in the exercises , russia says .  u.s. has not yet seen signs russian forces are prepping for a move into ukraine .  but a senior administration official says military exercises are raising concerns .  `` let 's see no provocative actions by anyone , '' u.s. defense secretary say .
 will the slap heard 'round the country have lasting effects ? <sec> joe rickey hundley is accused of slapping 19-month-old jonah bennett on a flight .  hudley was charged with assault after incident , in which he allegedly used racial slur .  many cnn commenters wondered whether the child would be traumatized .  experts say a one-time incident of this nature is not likely to have lasting effect .
 behind the scenes : a mother 's grief in new orleans <sec> cnn 's soledad o'brien shadowed new orleans crime fighters in april 2008 .  distraught mother waits for nearly a year for suspects in son 's death to be arrested .  da : four of every 10 arrested for homicide in new orleans walk free , uncharged .  authorities struggle with the corruption fueling the city 's street crim .
 'miami connection ' goes from flop to fame <sec> `` miami connection '' follows the adventures of a group of college martial-arts experts .  the movie bombed in the '80s but was purchased recently on ebay for $ 50 .  moviegoers in texas loved its '80s cheese , and the film is now being rerelease .
 energy , economy create balancing act for obama <sec> environmentalists are encouraged by president obama 's focus on renewable energy .  some economists are skeptical he can fix the economy and the planet at once .  scholar : obama can push new policies , but they must be economically competitive .  president announced a plan for `` a new energy economy '' that will build job .
 rock slide drops boulders , closes interstate in colorado <sec> rock slide at glenwood canyon halts travel on i-70 between glenwood springs and dotsero .  it 's unclear when crews will complete enough work to open at least part of the roadway .  transportation department : about 20 boulders rolled down mountain shortly after midnight .  rocks were from 3 feet to 10 feet in diameter ; about 8 holes or dips left on the interstat .
 german doctors charged in porn star 's death <sec> `` sexy cora '' died nine days after breast enhancement surgery .  the porn actress fell into a coma during the procedure , a prosecutor says .  two doctors face negligent manslaughter charges .  `` erroneous behavior by the doctors is unproven , '' the clinic say .
 does botox affect the ability to parent ? <sec> babies pick up on and mimic the facial expressions of their caregivers .  botox smooths wrinkles and creases from the skin , which may limit facial expressions .  dulling facial expressions could affect parent communication , a researcher says .  a plastic surgeon disagrees , saying treatment that would cause such reaction is an outlie .
 'blinding ' lasers to protect superyachts from pirates <sec> lasers that blind pirates are now available to wealthy super-yacht owners .  the lasers only temporarily impair eye-sight and make the assailant nauseous .  systems such as sealase are on the increase with growing piracy figure .
 barclays ' ex-boss diamond gives up $ 31 million bonuses <sec> new : barclays will pay the legal bills of former chief bob diamond if necessary , a source says .  chairman marcus agius is giving evidence on a rate-rigging scandal .  agius says barclays deeply regretted the circumstances that led to diamond resigning .  diamond will still receive a year 's salary , the bank say .
 one man 's bitter battle with the 405 <sec> cnn senior producer paul vercammen : `` i hate '' driving the 405 freeway .  the highway steals hours as you take agonizing drives in awful traffic , he writes .  for all his hate , he hopes this weekend 's interruption will lead to less pain on the 40 .
 battlegrounds : 'it 's all about northern virginia ' <sec> self-described independent disappointed with obama but not sold on romney .  democrat did n't vote for obama in 2008 because she did n't think he could keep promises .  gop pollster says transplants have turned traditionally red state into a purple state .  democratic congressman says romney image from primaries will come back to haunt hi .
 how leonardo dicaprio inspired a stunning bridge that doubles as park <sec> the river thames might soon have a new plant-filled pedestrian crossing inspired in part by a famous titanic scene . .  engineers promise to use species of plants that can cope with the specific river environment and that thrive in each season . .  the garden bridge is expected to cost 245 million dollars , mostly raised from private backers .
 see the arc of mother nature 's beauty <sec> the park is home to more than 2,000 sandstone arches .  iron oxide creates the chemical reaction that turns the sandstone red .  utah 's high desert has scalding summer and freezing winter temperatures .  the best time to view wildlife in the park is october through decembe .
 snowden 's open letter offers to help brazil investigate nsa surveillance <sec> the brazilian government does not plan to respond to open letter , an official says .  snowden has agreed to testify via video to a european parliament panel , sources say .  his open letter was posted online in two places , according to journalist glenn greenwald .  snowden mentions the need for asylu .
 oil sheen mysteriously appears off louisiana 's gulf coast <sec> the coast guard has discovered a 4-mile-long oil sheen in the gulf of mexico .  response teams collect samples for testing .  the oil is near the location of the disastrous 2010 gulf oil spil .
 iran-iraq dispute over oil well still unresolved <sec> iranian forces that seized iraqi oil well withdraw from facility but remain in iraq , says iraqi official .  iran , however , dismissed iraq 's allegations of takeover , saying well is in iranian territory .  negotiations to resolve diplomatic standoff are ongoing , says iraq 's deputy foreign minister .  the two countries fought 8-year war that ended in 1988 with parts of border under disput .
 fbi mourns loss of agents in hostage rescue training <sec> new : official : the two agents were training to use a rope for landing on a ship from helicopter .  new : the agents fell into the water during weather difficulties , the official says .  the agents were assigned to the critical incident response group .  the incident occurred off virginia beach , virginia , on frida .
 michael vick back home in virginia <sec> ex-atlanta falcons quarterback michael vick released from prison on wednesday .  vick will serve last two months of sentence in home confinement .  attorneys have said vick will work at construction firm ; vick has ok 'd documentary .  vick , 28 , pleaded guilty in 2007 to bankrolling a dogfighting operation in virgini .
 space probe crashes into mercury , ending mission <sec> nasa 's messenger probe smashes into mercury , ending mission .  space probe hit the planet 's surface at 8,750 mp .
 the 25 funniest tweets about the vp debate <sec> the twittersphere weighs in on thursday 's vice-presidential debate .  jokes referenced vice president joe biden 's laughing and constant interruptions .  people also commented on challenger paul ryan 's frequent sips of water .  the one and only vice-presidential debate was held in danville , kentuck .
 how france is embracing digitization of everything <sec> john chambers : digitization has potential to revolutionize france .  new phase of internet brings opportunities to revolutionize the world , he say .
 deep sea tourism : voyage to the bottom of the sea <sec> wealthy tourists can voyage to the bottom of the sea with specialist tourist companies .  expeditions visit the wreck sites of historic vessels such as the titanic and bismarck .  deep sea tourism could take off soon , says marine specialist capt . .  alfred s. mclare .
 prince william and kate tour 9/11 memorial in nyc <sec> new : royal couple attends a gala at the metropolitan museum of art .  tuesday was the final day in the royal couple 's visit to the big apple .  they paid their respects at the 9/11 memorial and museum .  the pair also were treated to a performance hosted by centers for disadvantaged yout .
 lindsay lohan goes to jail on probation violation <sec> new : the judge sentences lohan to 120 days in jail for a probation violation .  new : lohan is expected to post bond friday night while her lawyer appeals .  lohan 's theft charge is reduced from a felony to a misdemeanor .  lohan trial set for june .
 10,000 years of history run in my veins <sec> walter mosley : `` i 'm an american from the soles of my feet to the hair that once adorned my head '' .  in the mix are african , jewish , asian ancestors ; french-speakers , latinos on the street .  mosley says he 's formed by history , `` with so much to me that there is no clear identity to claim '' .  `` i can be part of something greater than the individual , while still i am at home in my heart .
 els proud of foundation graduate grace as he sets dunhill pace <sec> branden grace leads dunhill links championship .  takes a four-shot lead into final round at st andrews .  earns plaudits from fellow south african ernie els .  dane thorbjorn olesen nearest challenge .
 clinton , obama court puerto rican voters <sec> new : clinton vows to resolve statehood issue at town hall meeting in aguadilla .  puerto rico holds democratic primary june 1 ; 55 delegates at stake .  obama praises military veterans at the university of puerto rico .  obama holds march in bayamo .
 at least three horses killed in georgia flooding <sec> georgia couple put their 13 horses were in barns or on high ground before flooding .  couple scrambled to move some horses as barn flooded early monday .  by daylight , other horses in neck-deep water ; family helped two swim away .  three horses later found dead ; three others unaccounted fo .
 48 killed in attack on peacekeepers ' base in south sudan , u.n. says <sec> militants use rocket-propelled grenades to attack u.n. base in bor .  death toll is expected to rise , u.n. spokesman says .  south sudan seceded from sudan in 2011 after decades of wa .
 laci peterson 's mom outraged over former son-in-law 's blog <sec> laci peterson 's mother : scott peterson should not have right to blog in prison .  scott peterson was convicted of deaths of laci , their unborn child .  sharon rocha does n't spend a lot of time thinking about scott , thinks about lac .
 malaysian woman , 107 , fears hubby no . 22 will leave her <sec> 107-year-old malaysian woman fears husband will leave her for younger woman .  wok kundor married to her husband , a man 70 years her junior , for four years .  malaysian media says wok has been married 22 time .
 first miss america of indian descent embraces discussion on diversity <sec> nina davuluri , a first generation indian-american , was crowned miss america .  some reacted on twitter by calling her not sufficiently american or a terrorist .  she says her win shows how what defines `` the girl next door '' is evolving .  `` i am living my american dream , '' davuluri say .
 undocumented immigrant lawyer speaks out <sec> a california court rules that sergio garcia can practice law .  garcia is an undocumented immigrant .  he says the ruling is a dream come true .  but he wo n't practice immigration law , he say .
 who 's worse : espn 's britt mchenry , or us ? ( opinion ) <sec> video shows espn reporter britt mchenry berating and belittling a tow company worker .  drexler : she was wrong to act that way , but are n't we too quick to judge without seeing full video .
 feds , parish presidents discuss cleanup at `` contentious '' meeting <sec> local , state officials lay out cleanup concerns at `` frank '' session .  u.s. response official thad allen promises cooperation .  crews moving ahead toward well-killing effort at bp site .  some fishing waters reopen in the mississippi river delt .
 canadians paying the coffee forward <sec> six times this week , donors buy coffee for more than 500 .  gifts were at tim hortons restaurants across canada .  chain says this generosity is not a marketing gimmic .
 report : afghanistan , turkey and pakistan to hold military drills <sec> leaders of each country met in istanbul .  the drills will help add stability in the region , karzai says .  during a news conference harmid karzai was asked about having a taliban office in turke .
 commentary : where have all the malaria patients gone ? <sec> yamada : the number of malaria cases has declined by at least half in 25 countries .  zanzibar has virtually eliminated the disease over the past five years .  zambia expanded the use of insecticides , bednets , and appropriate treatment .  bill & melinda gates foundation helps funding a malaria control progra .
 vampire weekend hatching 'a ton ' of material for new lp <sec> vampire weekend have been working on the follow-up to their 2010 lp , `` contra '' .  `` we 've started many songs , '' bassist chris baio says .  on may 21 , baio will release his debut solo ep , `` sunburn .
 beyond bodies and bombs : syrians attempt 'a normal life ' <sec> in the capital damascus , life in some neighborhoods seems normal .  women get their nails done , customers shop at a well-stocked pharmacy .  `` we are trying to have a normal life , '' one woman says , `` but inside us , it 's not the same .
 colorado floods : rescues , but more rain arrives <sec> new : heavy rain on `` burn scar '' could cause more flooding in el paso county .  new : boulder spared saturday evening but faces possibly `` devastating '' rain sunday .  new : 231 `` unaccounted for '' in boulder county , 350 in larimer county .  missing woman is presumed dead , in addition to four confirmed dea .
 top ranking black female officer on 'living fearlessly ' <sec> brig . .  gen. marcia anderson is the highest-ranking african-american female in the army reserve .  anderson says going into the military was not part of her life plan .  her father also served in the army in the 1950s .  anderson believes her success is about 'realizing your dreams .
 why your computer is becoming more like your phone <sec> desktop operating systems will merge with mobile os in the coming years .  music , photos , calendars and emails now sync across your phone , tablet and mac .  but simple systems are often less `` open '' and provide less freedom to try new thing .
 holder : government to recognize michigan gay marriages <sec> after a court ruling , scores of same-sex marriages occurred in michigan .  attorney general holder says those couples are eligible for federal benefits .  the issue is now in limbo due to a legal appea .
 eric frein pleads not guilty in state trooper 's death <sec> eric frein 's accused of killing cpl . .  bryon dickson and wounding trooper alex t. douglass .  he led small army of law enforcement officers on a weeks-long manhunt .  the self-styled survivalist and military buff was captured in octobe .
 obama accuses romney of dishonesty in debate <sec> new : ryan , romney say debate offered voters a clear choice .  the obama campaign says mitt romney was dishonest .  republicans crow about the first debate ; democrats downplay it .  analysts and a snap poll say mitt romney won the opening roun .
 before world cup ball starts rolling , rio 's olympics under scrutiny <sec> as brazil readies for world cup , issues linger in rio for olympics two years away .  rio came under criticism by ioc vice president , but local organizers say the delays are exaggerated .  rio 2016 says 38 % of the olympic sites are don .
 mass hunger strike in turkish prisons enters 52nd day <sec> government : there are at least 682 hunger strikers in at least 67 prisons across turkey .  opposition says some prisoners are in critical condition , but government disputes that .  strikers call for use of alternate language in courts and schools , seek freedom for activist .  turkey 's prime minister has shown little sympathy for the hunger striker .
 atf probes possible ties between grenade in mexico and american <sec> atf is looking at ties between american and hand grenades used in shootout in mexico .  agents say explosives bear signature of operation run by jean baptiste kingrey .  kingrey is on trial in mexico for allegedly importing grenade parts , selling devices to cartel .
 at least 150 killed in italian earthquake , officials say <sec> about 50,000 people without shelter , italy 's civil protection agency says .  italian prime minister : tents being provided for quake survivors .  people rush into streets , many buildings in l'aquila destroyed .  6.3-magnitude quake strikes northeast of rom .
 trabant : little car 's big role in fall of berlin wall <sec> cnn 's frederik pleitgen takes the iconic german trabant car for a spin .  the cars rolled across the border between what was then east and west germany in 1989 .  cnn hired the artist martin raumberger to give the car a makeover .  thousands of people crowded around the car to sign it , draw on it , and take their picture with i .
 nigerian military frees hostages in oil-rich region <sec> 9 filipinos and 5 nigerians released saturday , 4 ukrainians released sunday .  nigeria 's military began clearing the western niger delta region last week .  operation against militants demanding better distribution of country 's oil wealth .  movement for the emancipation of the niger delta has declared `` all-out war .
 did twitter cost mcchrystal his command ? <sec> author : the story tapped into latent anxiety about the war in afghanistan .  `` frontline troops nowadays are also online troops , '' writes hendrik hertzber .
 opinion : gitmo force feeding is torture <sec> vince warren : it took 100 men on a hunger strike for obama to remember he must close gitmo .  warren : starving is the only way inmates can protest being held 11 years with no charges .  obama sent more staff to force feed hunger strikers , which is considered torture , he says .  warren : obama has authority to close prison , it 's a ruse that congress prevents hi .
 embrace ice : 8 cool getaways <sec> sunshine is n't the only cure for winter blues .  up the ante with serious ice and snow at these cool spots .  check out an extravagant ice festival in china or canada .  or get back to nature with an ice-fishing excursion or wildlife tou .
 opinion : take pregnant woman off ventilator ? <sec> the husband of a pregnant brain dead woman asks she be taken off of life support .  cynda rushton : but texas law says she must be kept alive because of her unborn fetus .  she asks : is it ethical to keep her body alive against the wishes of her family ? .  rushton : technology can be a double-edged sword , it can create hope or sufferin .
 from the movies to your closet : 'hunger games ' inspires everyday style <sec> katniss everdeen of `` hunger games '' has made a huge style splash on the web .  an instyle editor says that the popularity of katniss ' style stems from its adaptability .  the movie costume designer says one of the key aspects to katniss ' look is the practicalit .
 texas man finds his car 42 years after it was stolen <sec> robert russell 's 1967 austin-healey was stolen in 1970 in philadelphia .  he tracked it to a dealership in east los angeles .  authorities in philadelphia and los angeles helped to return the car to its rightful owne .
 in the year of the dragon , stop torture <sec> karen tse : in too many countries , torture is simply a cheap investigative tool .  she says the way to stop such torture is to develop functioning legal and court systems .  tse : use the most important year in the chinese zodiac to end the use of tortur .
