 'sparkle ' remake hopes to shine with new audiences <sec> producer says she 's excited to see the film come to light after more than 10 years .  director talks about casting choices and other challenges in remaking beloved cult classic .  film historian : `` we do n't have enough stories really dealing with african-american women .
 germanwings co-pilot -- an accident waiting to happen ? <sec> les abend : there were likely warning signs during the co-pilot 's training .  he says andreas lubitz had to go through many challenges to qualify to be a co-pilo .
 mike rowe discusses ferguson , garner and police protest <sec> mike rowe responds to deadly arrests of mike brown , eric garner .  `` i support peaceful protests , and i 'm all for rooting out bad cops , '' says rowe .  `` resisting arrest is not a right , it 's a crime , '' says row .
 prince ali wants to end fifa 'intimidation ' <sec> fifa presidential candidate prince ali bin al-hussein speaks about organization 's culture of intimidation ' .  he 's up against luis figo , michael van praag and current fifa president sep blatter .  the jordanian prince could be the first muslim to run fifa in its 101-year histor .
 'the kid with a bike ' : a simple story with a lasting impact <sec> `` the kid with a bike '' has simplicity fused with moral force and emotional gravity .  in the movie , cyril escapes a children 's home and is desperate to get back to his father .  when he finds the apartment empty , he runs headlong into the arms of a strange .
 key trends from the world 's biggest mobile technology show <sec> connecting the two-thirds of the world without access to the internet is a major theme in barcelona .  the recent trend for the use of smartwatches and fitness trackers looks set to go into overdrive .  from now on , if your device does n't have a 5-inch screen ( or bigger ) , you 're out of date . .  findlater says .  the future holds developments in tactile feedback , augmented reality , and multiple screens , he predict .
 the eco activists who are camping against climate change <sec> eco activists gathered at power station in uk to protest against climate change .  called `` the great climate swoop '' it was latest direct action by uk eco activists .  protestors camped out over weekend , some tried to break into power station .  event revealed difference between peaceful protestors and more militant elemen .
 do references really matter ? <sec> refrences still matter these days , but the process has changed on how they are used .  often times an employer will use more informal tools like facebook and linkedin , said an expert .  make sure to include references only when requested by an employer , and never before .  seek references from people who actually know you and your work , not just personal .
 veteran floyd opts out of playing masters <sec> former masters champion raymond floyd has opted out of playing this year .  the 67-year-old has played in every masters since making his debut in 1965 .  floyd won the green jacket in 1976 and lost in a play-off to nick faldo in 199 .
 chris brown : miserable trip to trial in planes , chains and automobiles <sec> chris brown was taken by marshals after an extradition hearing in los angeles .  brown 's hopscotch route to washington on `` con air '' could take up to two weeks .  con air is the nickname for the u.s justice department 's prisoner airplane system .  brown was jailed in los angeles after he was booted from rehab three weeks ag .
 debates or games ? sports fans must juggle mix of politics , football , baseball <sec> wednesday 's debate comes on the last day of the mlb season .  the other debates also fall during crucial football or baseball games .  multitasking is the order of the day for fan .
 congressional republicans seek details on obama 's school safety plan <sec> house education committee seeks more information on obama 's school safety plan .  members want to know the time line and cost of the executive actions .  obama called on congress to act in wake of newtown school shootin .
 airasia : flight was unauthorized , say officials <sec> officials : doomed flight did not have a license to fly the surabaya-to-singapore route the day it crashed .  indonesian officials announce a full investigation , suspend airasia 's service between the two cities .  indonesia 's ministry of transport calls it a `` serious violation .
 original copy of 'star spangled banner ' up for sale <sec> a nearly 200-year-old copy of `` the star spangled banner '' set to hit the auction block .  famed sheet music one of 11 known copies of francis scott key 's patriotic tune .  it is the only privately-owned copy , according to the auction house .  the two-page copy is valued between $ 200,000 and $ 300,00 .
 roethlisberger club video was overwritten , lawyer says <sec> lawyer says dvr recorded over nightclub video .  ben roethlisberger accused of sexually assaulting woman at georgia nightclub .  quarterback denies allegation ; attorney : `` the facts show that there was no criminal activity '' .  earlier request for his dna has been droppe .
 gerard butler exits 'point break ' remake <sec> butler has officially dropped out of the project .  the hollywood reporter first broke the news .  the studio has not commente .
 commentary : kennedy a champion for disability rights <sec> andrew imparato : kennedy 's family helped spark interest in disability rights .  he says kennedy 's involvement in pushing the ada legislation was key .  he says the ada has helped create a global movement for rights .  imparato : his legacy will be felt by 600 million people with disabilitie .
 why kenya poll ruling is a test of its democracy <sec> supporters of uhuru kenyatta and raila odinga often engage in a war of words .  kenyatta narrowly won the presidential poll , clinching 50.07 % of the vote .  the supreme court is considering a challenge to the election result .  analysts in the kenyan media say if kenyans abide by the ruling then the country has moved o .
 portugal 's prime minister resigns after austerity vote failure <sec> new : prime minister resigns after parliament rejects austerity plan .  new : supporters of the plan say the defeat could create political turmoil .  new : opponents say the plan placed too much on the backs of the poor .  portugal is struggling with fiscal problems that could require a bailou .
 britain 's queen elizabeth marks 82nd birthday <sec> queen 's april birthday is celebrated in june to enjoy good weather .  parade , military ceremony will mark royal birthday .  troop inspection , flyover by royal air force , part of ceremonie .
 inked with love : tattoos that honor mom <sec> for more than 100 years , tattoos have been a popular way to honor mom .  designs range from the iconic banner and heart to custom portraits and handwriting .  `` it 's hard not to show some love with ink , '' says one woman with a mom tat .  have a mom tattoo of your own ? .  show it off on cnn irepor .
 women in the obama white house : sexism and progress <sec> stephanie coontz : in 1971 she watched as a man took credit for a woman 's idea at a meeting .  she says a book says high-level women in obama 's white house complained of being marginalized .  but reports say obama met with them to fix problem , she says ; powerful women are no longer rare .  coontz : stereotypes still thwart progress ; smart bosses step in , as obama apparently di .
 police : guard sought in rape of teen <sec> police in panama city beach , florida , looking for hotel security guard shawn wuertly .  he 's suspected of raping teen staying at hotel , tossing her from 6th-floor balcony .  victim remains hospitalized ; injuries not life-threatening , police say .  wuertly was questioned by police earlier , released for lack of evidenc .
 report : iranian forces kill , injure 30 kurdish rebels <sec> a revolutionary guard commander tells irna an operation was launched friday .  `` tens of terrorists '' were killed , injured or arrested in northwest iran , he says .  the targets are members of the party of free like of kurdistan , which is linked to the pk .
 'fear street ' : r.l . stine and the return of teen horror <sec> r.l . .  stine is reviving his most popular series , `` fear street '' .  stine joins other authors in reviving horror books for teens .  tv shows like `` the walking dead '' helped renew interest in horror literature .  author jonathan maberry : `` modern teen horror goes more inside the personal experience .
 rooney signs new five-year deal after dramatic u-turn <sec> wayne rooney signs new five-year contract at manchester united .  rooney changes his mind after saying he wanted to leave the premier league giants .  rooney says united manager alex ferguson had persuaded him to stay .  england striker will be sidelined for up to three weeks with an ankle injur .
 hamas urges palestinian leadership to take case to icc <sec> hamas signed a document demanding that the palestinian authority go before the icc .  the international criminal court could investigate war crimes on both sides .  israel and the united states have pressured the palestinians not to do that .  rockets continued to land in israe .
 little boy survives monster tornado , only to be mauled to death <sec> his family took him to stay with friends in arkansas .  they were rebuilding after the moore , oklahoma , twister , when he was mauled .  the dog , a bull mastiff , belonged to his host family .  lynn geiling pried her dog off of the boy , but it was too lat .
 chinese charged over fake handbags <sec> authorities call it one of the largest counterfeit operations ever discovered .  official : scheme profited `` off the backs of legitimate companies '' .  counterfeit operation allegedly involved 300,000 high-end bags and wallets .  the alleged leaders are three chinese citizens living in new yor .
 'climate change ' forces eskimos to abandon village <sec> floods blamed on climate change forcing alaskan village to move 9 miles away .  twenty-six other alaskan villages are in immediate danger , officials say .  move comes as indigenous people hold anchorage summit on the crisis .  un : climate change will force displacement of 150 million people by 205 .
 where thomas duncan lived , ebola kills his neighbors <sec> duncan and others rushed to help a pregnant woman who fell .  they did n't know that she was infected with ebola .  many of them contracted the virus , and some of them die .
 what is isis ' appeal for young people ? <sec> isis has `` an extremely sophisticated propaganda recruitment machinery , '' analyst says .  it 's particularly focusing efforts on luring young women to its territory .  western governments are scrambling to try to combat isis ' recruitment driv .
 louisiana man says his birth dad was zodiac killer <sec> one of two zodiac killer survivors says someone always stirs up the unsolved case .  gary l. stewart was abandoned as a baby in a stairwell in a louisiana tenement .  he claims his late biological father , earl van best jr. , was the zodiac killer .  investigators say they are n't aware of the book but will look into its claim .
 lee 's remnants spawn tornadoes in georgia <sec> new : 20,000 georgia power customers lose electricity .  authorities report more than 100 homes damaged .  mississippi flooding kills 1 ; teen missing off alabama gulf coast .  lee 's winds fuel wildfires in texas , where at least two died in a blaz .
 pope 's resignation a new angle to a tough news beat <sec> for vaticanisti , monitoring the pontiff 's health is a big part of the job .  pope benedict 's resignation has added a new dimension to a tough beat .  reading for tone and nuance is essential in divining vatican direction .  reporting on a papal election is a nerve-racking free for al .
 tyra banks talks body image , hair on 'larry king live ' <sec> tyra banks tells larry king she is happy with her body image .  unflattering photos of the former model had appeared earlier .  since then , banks says she 's lost weight .  banks also shows off her natural hai .
 the human body in 'google map ' form <sec> researchers have created the most comprehensive map of the human metabolism .  they hope it will help expose some of the still mysterious causes of diseases .  `` recon 2 '' consolidates details of human metabolism functions into one interactive too .
 britney spears ' new album ? 'britney jean ' <sec> britney spears ' new album will be called `` britney jean '' .  `` jean '' is spears ' real middle name , and her family calls her `` britney jean '' .  spears : `` it 's a personal album ... and i wanted to share that with my fans '' .  `` britney jean '' is due to arrive december .
 serial bomb blasts leave 60 dead in india <sec> eight quickfire explosions kill at least 60 people in northwest indian city .  bombs explode within 12 minutes of each other , 150 people also wounded .  explosions within a small radius in jaipur 's old city , popular with tourists .  motorcycles appear to have been used in the attacks , state minister say .
 with global instability , who wants to be a tourist ? <sec> despite economic uncertainty and terror threats , international travel is up globally .  u.s. travelers curbed travel abroad in 2011 , but numbers are up for 2012 .  travel agents say most clients are not headed to trouble spots .  today 's traveler is aware of threats and unrest in the post 9/11 world , agents sa .
 british police make second arrest in savile probe <sec> british media name the second suspect arrested as comedian freddie starr .  the suspect is in his 60s and from warwickshire , british police say ; he 's out on bail .  a tv documentary has detailed allegations of sex abuse against tv host jimmy savile .  police say they are dealing with about 300 apparent victim .
 pakistani rescuers resume search for 139 trapped in avalanche <sec> new : 139 soldiers and civilians are believed to be trapped after an avalanche .  new : a top pakistani general vows to use all possible resources in the search .  an avalanche the size of a large city block dumped up to 70 feet of snow .  the glacier has been a point of conflict between india and pakista .
 classic redemption for godolphin as dawn approach lands 2,000 guineas <sec> dawn approach wins 2,000 guineas at newmarket .  godolphin owned colt ridden by kevin manning .  dawn approach trained in ireland by jim bolger .  godolphin 's newmarket operation on lock down after doping scanda .
 are you too tired for sex ? <sec> study : 1 in 4 americans say they 're often too tired for sex .  it 's possible that boredom or a low sex drive are to blame .  a regular sleep schedule or making a date with your partner can hel .
 calif. cemetery agrees to $ 80 mln settlement over desecrating remains <sec> the allegations involve employees at eden memorial park , in mission hills , california .  it 's one of the largest jewish cemeteries in the los angeles area .  plaintiff 's attorney : `` we did not rest until truth prevailed .
 on drug violence , mexico must look inward <sec> ruben navarrette : drug violence has become so common in mexico , some are used to it .  he says some blame president felipe calderon , saying he should leave drug cartels alone .  he says calderon not perfect , but other problem is mexicans ' romanticization of drug outlaws .  navarrette : mexicans share responsibility , should not be on side of drug lords in the battl .
 palestinian man fatally shot during protests , rally organizers say <sec> mustafa tamimi was among dozens of protesters who gathered in west bank .  they were protesting against the encroachment of a nearby israeli settlement . .  the protest turned violent when clashes erupted between israeli forces and the protester .
 aeg live defense begins attack on michael jackson <sec> aeg live will question `` all of the many , many doctors '' who treated jackson , lawyer says .  aeg lawyer : the jacksons want `` to blame somebody else for things that only they knew '' .  the lawyer `` badgered '' michael jackson 's mom during cross-examination , her attorney says .  aeg 's lawyer wo n't comment on questioning katherine jackson about beatings by husban .
 rebels fight for control of key damascus suburb <sec> 133 people were killed across the country saturday , opposition group says .  rebels and syrian forces clash in the damascus suburb of jobar .  syria 's northern al-raqa province is also seeing fierce fighting .  the conflict has already claimed close to 70,000 live .
 japanese bank giant reports first ever loss <sec> loss compares to a profit of $ 3.44 billion for the same period a year ago .  bank blamed the bleak outcome on a `` decrease of net fees and commissions '' .  mitsubishi ufj financial group was formed in 200 .
 agencies : most children in adoption dispute not sudanese orphans <sec> new : chadian president wants journalists , flight crew released .  red cross , unicef , unhcr interview children that charity tried to fly out of chad .  most are not from sudan and have families , agencies say .  six members of zoe 's ark , 11 others under arrest in cha .
 court rejects another request to move tsarnaev trial <sec> trial of accused boston marathon bomber dzhokhar tsarnaev is set to begin next week .  it 's been long delayed by various issues , including jury selectio .
 deadly bombings hit iraq cities <sec> three roadside bombs went off in a commercial district of baghdad , police said .  another bomb hit a minibus carrying laborers in eastern falluja , officials said .  iraq 's army will take over full responsibility for security when u.s. forces leave next mont .
 phil ivey files lawsuit , boycotts world series of poker <sec> ivey accuses full tilt poker of damaging his reputation .  he says the company owes $ 150 million to players .  full tilt calls the lawsuit `` meritless .
 'one little mistake and you 're dead ' : train surfers risk their lives <sec> south african train surfers ride on top of moving trains .  'staff riding , ' a short film by marco casino , shows the practice .  train surfers have to dodge 3,000-volt cables while on top of the trai .
 capitol chase driver had passport , foreign currency in her car <sec> authorities find hospital discharge documents , a check , in miriam carey 's car .  they also find her driver 's license , social security card and keys .  carey died thursday after a car chase with police near the capito .
 5-year anniversary of katrina 's wrath somber , reflective <sec> new : obama speaks at xavier university in new orleans .  commemorations are planned across the gulf coast to mark the katrina anniversary .  officials reflect on lessons learned from the stor .
 activists topple towers , claim dangers of am radio waves <sec> earth liberation front : `` am radio waves cause adverse health effects '' .  station manager said radio towers were `` flattened like a pancake '' .  radio station krko remained on air by using a backup transmitter sit .
 'modern family ' actress elizabeth peña dies <sec> `` i am stunned and heartbroken , '' tweets actor lou diamond phillips .  elizabeth peña died tuesday of natural causes after a brief illness , her manager says .  she is known for appearing as sofia vergara 's mother in the abc sitcom `` modern family '' .  peña is survived by her mother , a sister , her husband and two childre .
 obama signs hate crimes bill into law <sec> law is attached to $ 680 billion defense authorization bill .  it is named for matthew shepard and james byrd jr. , both killed in 1998 .  shepard was gay , byrd was african-american .  former president bush had threatened to veto a similar measur .
 conference puts focus on the future of real-time web <sec> the future of social networking was the talk of the le web conference as it opened in paris .  twitter , facebook and myspace all unveiled innovations designed to capture more users .  twitter 's ryan sarver : site now has 50,000 dedicated applications .  youtube 's chad hurley : there 's no secret formula for creating a viral video sensatio .
 bioterrorism report card : u.s. unprepared <sec> america is unprepared for a major bioterrorism attack or disease outbreak , a new report concludes .  big concern is attack with biological weapons .  hospitals could not handle deadly disease outbreak , says repor .
 online , campaigns take advantage of 'you lie ! ' storm <sec> republican rep. joe wilson drew fire for yelling `` you lie ! '' .  at president obama .  after comment , money poured in for both wilson , his likely democratic opponent .  both candidates take advantage of twitter , other social medi .
 gay rights pioneer kameny dead at 86 <sec> new : frank kameny died peacefully of natural causes , his sister says .  kameny , who served in wwii , fought against the army 's policy of discharging homosexuals .  he urged what was then called the homophile movement to assert itself to achieve equality .  he worked to end homoexuality 's classification as a mental illnes .
