 need therapy ? consult your phone <sec> therapists say mobile mental health apps are a great addition to ongoing in-person therapy .  virtual therapy is available 24/7 unlike even the best therapists .  cbt mobilwork lets patients check off cbt homework as it 's complete .
 at least 60 dead from alcohol poisoning in tripoli , ministry says <sec> more than 700 cases of alcohol poisoning have been reported , libyan news agency reports .  alcohol consumption is banned in libya , but alcoholic drinks can be found .  locally made alcohol is behind this case , the national security directorate say .
 computing pioneer jean jennings bartik dies <sec> jean bartik was among the women recruited to do ballistics calculations during wwii .  bartik went on to work on the eniac , binac and univac machines .  half a century later , their work is only beginning to get recognition .  bartik wrote an autobiography , which editors hope will publish this yea .
 opinion : the immortality of michael jackson <sec> bryan monroe looks at whether michael jackson 's desire for immortality is being realized .  jackson told monroe during his last interview : `` let 's face it . .  who wants mortality ? '' .  jackson died five years ago from an overdose of the powerful anesthetic propofo .
 trial starts in belgium for suspected al qaeda cell <sec> trial begins in belgium for nine people accused of having ties to al qaeda .  two main defendats charged with heading a terrorist cell linked to al qaeda .  key suspect is 50-year-old woman accused of heading terror cell .  trial expected to last until end of march ; verdict expected toward end of apri .
 will jerry sandusky face new charges ? <sec> `` victim x '' says sandusky abused him when he was a junior in high school .  man says abuse caused his life to spiral into one of vices he could n't shake .  he wants sandusky , who is serving time after other abuse cases , to face trial in this on .
 silvio berlusconi 's legal woes explained <sec> prosecutors claim berlusconi paid for sex with 17-year-old nightclub dancer .  pm denies allegations , says investigation is political mudslinging .  berlusconi investigated on at least 17 charges since he was first elected in 199 .
 five lots of benadryl , tylenol added to drug recall <sec> drugmaker recalls five batches of benadryl , tylenol sold in u.s. , 3 other countries .  mcneil has issued five recalls in the past eight months .  company has set up website for consumers to get information on returning product .  recalls have resulted in shortages of some of the company 's drug .
 after officer charged in sex assault , military faces questions <sec> new : officer will be arraigned thursday .  new : virginia prosecutor says she wo n't turn over case to military .  lawyer for officer has no comment .  president says he will have the `` backs '' of military members who feel violate .
 taliban video shows bowe bergdahl 's release in afghanistan - cnnpolitics.com <sec> republicans say senate briefing on bergdahl does n't stem their skepticism .  a video shows the minutes before bergdahl is swooped away by a black hawk chopper .  taliban members shake hands with men from the black hawk .  bergdahl 's hometown cancels an event planned to celebrate his retur .
 police : man kills woman , self at n.c. target store <sec> two dead in apparent murder-suicide at target store .  shooting took place just after 11 a.m . .  store evacuated following inciden .
 people we lost in 2014 : christophe de margerie <sec> christophe de margerie was chairman and chief executive of total .  he died when his dassault falcon 50 jet hit a snow plow at an airport in russia .  de margerie `` was a shrewd oil and gas man , who loved to take total into new frontiers '' .  he was warmly known as mr. moustache due to his trademark giant walrus-sized patc .
 nato aircraft pound tripoli ; u.s. envoy courts rebels <sec> new : 19 dead , 150 wounded in 18 rocket attacks in the capital .  explosions heard near gadhafi compound .  a compound for pro-gadhafi volunteers is targeted .  arrest warrants are issued for gadhaf .
 israel to investigate arrest , death of 'prisoner x ' <sec> new : australian network says 'prisoner x ' shared israeli secrets with australia .  the man died in an israeli cell in december 2010 ; details have not been released .  israeli lawmakers say they 're investigating the case .  netanyahu warns against `` overexposure '' of intelligence wor .
 'baby joseph ' receives tracheotomy at st. louis hospital <sec> canadian doctors had refused , citing no hope for recovery .  surgical procedure allows use of mechanical ventilator .  boy has rare genetic disorde .
 3 arrested in mexico city bar kidnapping case <sec> federal prosecutors say they arrested three additional suspects .  the mysterious mass kidnapping in may jolted mexico city .  victims ' family members have said they do n't trust authoritie .
 the top games of e3 2013 <sec> new wave of video games at e3 2013 show off better graphics , more expansive worlds .  latest `` assassin 's creed '' title is among this year 's standouts .  shooters `` destiny '' and `` titanfall '' take action in new directions .  racer `` the crew , '' combat-themed `` ryse : son of rome '' round out our favorite .
 how to respond to assertive russia ( opinion ) <sec> james holmes : mild reaction correct over russia 's caribbean plan .  russia clearly wants to announce , yet again , its return to history , holmes says .  moscow doubtless feels beleaguered , he say .
 the new cool cars : exclusive , sleek , efficient <sec> hot cars of '10 include ferrari 's sa aperta , bugatti 's super sport , jaguar 's electric c-x75 .  some of them were featured at the 2010 paris auto show .  others competed for the $ 10 million automotive x priz .
 opinion : what you did n't see in sochi <sec> david frum : olympic organizers chose to make opening ceremony a historical pageant .  he says by leaving out soviet era brutality , russia glided over a central part of its story .  frum : ignoring soviet crimes enables putin regime to cut gains russians made in 1990s .  he says russia ca n't correct its ills unless it faces its past squarel .
 it 's not all country in nashville <sec> fashion is eclectic in nashville , said blogger heidi jewell .  different genres of music inspire different looks .  nashville 's first fashion week started tuesda .
 alec baldwin says goodbye to 'public life ' <sec> `` i do n't want to be mr. show business anymore , '' alec baldwin tells magazine .  he says he still wants to be an actor but does n't want to engage with public .  he says in magazine essay it 's the last time he 'll talk about his life publicly .  in the essay , he recounts the events of 2013 that led him to this decisio .
 china wage hike spurs uk 'backshoring ' <sec> cushion maker brings production back to britain following a steep rise in chinese wages .  production was offshored in 2004 when labor costs differed significantly ; they 're estimated to be equal next year .  uk employees are more productive , but young people in particular lack the requisite skills , caldeira ceo say .
 police . road rage suspect told friends he shot someone <sec> erich milton nowsch told two friends that people were after him and he got them , police report says .  nowsch was interviewed by cops tuesday , said he was n't involved in shootin .
 paloma becomes hurricane in caribbean <sec> new : hurricane paloma expected to strengthen , forecasters say .  new : warning issued for cayman islands .  new : people in cuba , jamaica should monitor storm 's progress , forecasters sa .
 german woman kidnapped in iraq freed , but son still held <sec> german foreign minister says woman was released after 155 days .  germany will continue efforts to free her adult son , who remains in captivity .  in video , militants had demanded that german troops leave afghanista .
 mtv hopes online game can energize 2012 youth vote <sec> mtv to launch game that rewards players for being informed about the 2012 elections .  `` fantasy election , '' will measure each candidate 's `` value '' via an aggregation of data points .  mtv hopes that highlighting noble political candidates will inspire young citizens to vot .
 a year after deepwater horizon explosion , 3 survivors still struggling <sec> survivors say the scars from the disaster have taken their lives away .  medical records : survivors have been diagnosed with multiple mental issues .  one says he wakes up screaming from nightmares .  transocean says its focus is on providing support for employee .
 u.s. : airstrikes on isis wo n't save key city of kobani <sec> a u.s.-led coalition conducts nine airstrikes in syria ; three in iraq .  isis claims to down an iraqi military helicopter .  air campaign alone wo n't defeat isis , former british official tells cnn .  u.s. officials : main goal is to go after leadership and infrastructure , not save citie .
 police : man plows car into california walmart , assaults customers <sec> new : witness : `` he almost ran me over . .  ... .  he was in there to hurt people '' .  police say a man is in custody after plowing into a walmart store .  he is also accused of assaulting several customers .  four people are injured , one seriously , police sa .
 face transplant patient regains self-confidence <sec> face transplant recipient can now eat solid foods , smell , breathe out of nose .  the patient received her new face in one graft from a donor cadaver in december .  skin on surface of a person 's back is not large enough to cover a face and scalp .  doctor : social reincorporation is as important as the face transplant itsel .
 cool racing : horses battle on snow <sec> horses race on ice at the annual white turf competition .  106th anniversary , held on the frozen lake of st moritz , switzerland .  includes skijoring , in which jockeys ski behind rider-less horses .  snow forms a perilous kickback cloud fired into the path of jockey .
 yemen : pause fighting immediately , red cross says <sec> saudi arabia airstrikes on the capital increase as jets hit military facilities in sanaa .  the u.n. security council meets to discuss the situation .  social media : a senior al qaeda commander stands in a presidential residence after a jail brea .
 soldier races home from iraq , just in time for son 's birth <sec> spc . .  asbai ramirez was in iraq during much of his wife 's pregnancy .  he returned to the u.s. on his baby 's due date , but had to take classes .  on thanksgiving , he flew to louisiana then rushed to the hospital .  ramirez says he got there about 30 minutes before his son was bor .
 federal jury rules tech giant samsung must pay up <sec> new : apple says the decision `` reinforces ... that samsung willfully stole our ideas '' .  a federal jury rules samsung must pay apple $ 119.6 million .  apple accused samsung of patent infringement in its smartphone technology .  apple must also pay samsung a much smaller amount for infringement claims file .
 former gadhafi spokesman denies capture in libya <sec> libyan deputy pm tweets apology for reporting misinformation .  at least 42 people from both sides are reported killed in the bani walid clashes .  gadhafi 's spokesman says he is not even inside the country .  ibrahim says the report is to distract people from the bani walid fightin .
 lest we forget our other heroes of war <sec> april 25 , 2015 marks the centenary of the start of the gallipoli campaign in turkey during wwi .  anzac troops stormed the beaches at gallipoli , beginning a bloody eight-month campaig .
 commentary : free trade has sold out the american worker <sec> virg bernero : washington and wall street have sold out the american worker .  he says we must rebuild america 's industrial might before it is too late .  bernero : free trade in protectionist world is like unilateral disarmamen .
 syria 's refugees pour into jordan to avoid civil war <sec> hundreds of thousands of syrian refugees have streamed into jordan since 2011 .  more than 100,000 syrians now call zaatari refugee camp home .  half of zaatari 's population are children ; 42 % of families have a female head of household .  u.n. estimates nearly 3 million children in syria have been forced to quit their educatio .
 taliban : pakistani legal system un-islamic <sec> taliban in pakistan demand imposition of islamic sharia law across country .  government-taliban deal has led to implementation of sharia law in swat valley .  fundamentalist leader declares pakistan 's judicial system `` un-islamic '' .  secular pakistani political parties have condemned strict interpretation of isla .
 photographer of endangered wildlife in race against time , apathy <sec> joel sartore 's work appears in 'rare : portraits of america 's endangered species ' .  the nebraska native traveled the country to photograph 69 endangered animals and plants .  sartore says many people are surprised that so many species are on the verge of extinction .  sartore : `` my job is to ... get people to see what 's going on . .  it 's not hopeless .
 why women love vampires and men do n't <sec> writer says the vampire , in many ways , is the prototype of the bad boy .  women love bad boys and the chance to change him , writer says .  zombie movies indulge male power-fulfillment fantasies , columnist says .  writer says av ampire is a monster , who looks , acts , and talks like a ma .
 'occupy ' protests swell nationwide ; scores arrested <sec> new : police use pepper spray against protesters in san diego .  new : reports of violence have been rare .  police arrest 41 demonstrators in seattle .  in new york , 14 people are arrested after blocking traffic and hurling bottle .
 column vilified , insulted indian americans <sec> rahul parikh takes issue with joel stein 's column about indian americans in his hometown .  essay was meant to be satire , but parikh found it a xenophobic , racist rant .  parikh says writer distilled ancient and diverse culture into clichés and stereotypes .  says the piece reminded him ignorance about and fear of new people still exist in u.s .
 infants ' remains found under texas mobile home <sec> the skeletal remains of two infants found near texas trailer police said monday .  remains found in area where other infant remains were found last year .  one mobile home recently become vacant , owner was cleaning it up .  in 2008 , same man told police he found a suitcase that had infant remain .
 one-ton shark headed to texas coast <sec> researchers follow the progress of a pair of 2,300-pound great whites .  katharine and betsy were tagged off massachusetts ' cape cod in august .  a researcher says the sharks ' tracks are surprising for this time of yea .
 what happens when wall street breaks the law ? not much <sec> it 's instructive to follow a news story and see how people respond to it , says amitai etzioni .  for example , wall street firms repeatedly break laws they 've pledged not to break , he says .  etzioni : sec lets these firms off with weak settlements , and they wo n't admit wrongdoing .  the media and our government ignore such outrages , allowing them to continue , he say .
 cnn student news - february 7 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum 's newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 real keep six points clear of barcelona in spanish title race <sec> real madrid keep six-point lead with 5-1win over real sociedad .  cristiano ronaldo scores double in easy win in bernabeu .  barcelona beat mallorca 2-0 to maintain pressure at top .  lionel messi credited with opener in the wi .
 network of electric vehicle charging stations on tap <sec> company to build 4,600 electric vehicle charging stations in nine regions of the u.s . .  more than half in the chargepoint america program will go in public locations .  of the total in grants , $ 15 million will come from the department of energ .
 south africa to host top golf event <sec> sunshine tour lands deal to stage wgc event for five years from 2012 .  it will be known as `` tournament of hope '' and build awareness of poverty and hiv/aids .  tournament will feature top 70 players in world , but dates and venue yet to be set .  agreement comes after talks in augusta , where charl schwartzel won the master .
 radwanska ready for tennis jackpot <sec> agnieszka radwanska will compete at the teb bnp paribaswta championships .  tournament features top eight women 's singles players and four doubles teams .  world no.3 will join serena williams and maria sharapova at $ 4.9 million event .  radwanska became the first polish woman to reach wimbledon final in 73 year .
 cnn student news transcript - september 28 , 2012 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 can cell phones stop police brutality ? <sec> death of eric garner , 43 , was captured on cell phone video .  video went viral and sparked protests .  cell phone videos of alleged police misconduct have proliferated onlin .
 'dance ' judge murphy says she was abused wife <sec> `` so you think you can dance '' judge says she was abused teenage bride .  mary murphy says 18-year-old husband 's jealousy triggered fights .  murphy divorced after nine years in troubled marriage .  chris brown 's abuse of rihanna prompted her to talk , murphy say .
 2 more bodies found after coast guard helicopter crash <sec> the crash took place tuesday night .  the coast guard says it will suspend its search .  `` the decision to suspend the active search was terribly difficult , '' an official says .  one other person is still missin .
 amanpour gets rare interview with mugabe <sec> christiane amanpour to interview zimbabwe 's robert mugabe .  interview will be mugabe 's first with a major western network in years .  political turmoil , western sanctions and power-sharing deal up for discussion .  watch `` amanpour '' weekdays : et : 1500 , 0800 ; cet 2100 , 1400 ; hk : 2000 , 030 .
 nadal through but roddick out after sickness bug <sec> rafael nadal reaches third round of the madrid masters with straight sets win .  nadal was watched by real madrid football stars as he beat oleksandr dolgopolov .  world number five andy roddick suffers illness scare ahead of french open .  third seed andy murray beats juan ignacio chela in straight set .
 for many , december 's a dilemma <sec> non-christians and interfaith couples often face quandaries and anxieties during holidays .  many acknowledge and sometime embrace customs of the christmas season .  others remain conscious of maintaining their own religious identitie .
 where is the world 's busiest airport ? <sec> airline passenger traffic continued to grow last year .  the top passenger airport is n't the top cargo airport .  paris was the only airport to make it onto all three top 10 airport list .
 boy accused of stabbing sister charged with second-degree murder <sec> leila fowler was stabbed to death on april 27 .  she was home with her brother at the time .  he appeared in court wednesday and was charged with second-degree murder .  he looked back several times at his family , did n't seem nervou .
 police : second explosive found in record cache in san diego county <sec> authorities say a house holds a second homemade explosive , petn .  petn happens to be the target of new u.s. airport body scans and pat downs .  the 8 or 9 pounds of hmtd found is equivalent to a `` large '' car bomb , expert says .  bomb technicians must be careful ; the slightest friction could cause an explosio .
 reports of looting , violence surface in flood-ravaged pakistan <sec> millions of children are at high risk of deadly diseases , united nations says .  about a fifth of pakistan is under water amid monsoon rains .  the un urges more assistance for clean water , medical care .  the united states has committed about $ 76 million for ai .
 neil patrick harris , as hedwig , curses at fan <sec> neil patrick harris is being confused with his broadway musical character .  a fan attending an april 19 show expressed her adoration for the actor .  her proclamation was met with profanity , as harris was still in character .  he 's had to explain that his response was part of the sho .
