 critics say argentine media bill targets single conglomerate <sec> draft bill says goal is to regulate broadcasters , increase competition .  president says it will bring `` more democratic and more pluralistic '' country .  some say it targets grupo clarin , which has been critical of leader .  latin america has seen many fights between media , president .
 spanish court oks extradition for former guatemalan minister <sec> carlos vielmann faces murder charges in guatemala .  a court on tuesday approved the extradition .  vielmann has the option to appeal , and the government has the final sa .
 social web 's true impact on china , haiti <sec> author : social media has helped mobilize people in china , haiti and iran .  after haiti 's earthquake , aid groups solicit donations by text message .  social media 's ability to help people has been overstated in the past , author says .  ultimately , technology and social networks are tools people must us .
 mom 's death inspires doctor 's life work <sec> dr. alfred brann is a pediatric neurologist who specializes in perinatal medicine .  brann works to ensure both moms and their babies have the best chance of survival .  he believes a cesarean section may have saved his mom , who died during childbirt .
 treasure hunters dig for hitler 's gold <sec> digging in search of lost nazi gold resumed on tuesday .  treasure hunters think 2 tons of treasure could be buried in mountainside .  men behind mission battle doubts : `` what if we find nothing again ? .
 anxiety in japan grows as death toll steadily climbs <sec> official : there is little possibility that radioactive material was released in the air .  about 2,000 bodies were found monday in miyagi prefecture .  the death toll reached 1,720 on monday , though the number is expected to rise .  there 's a high chance of a magnitude-7.0 quake or above in the coming days , an expert say .
 jane fraser : women run banks differently <sec> jane fraser is often cited as one of the most powerful women in banking .  says that women run banks differently and have an awareness of collateral damage .  admires the millennials for wanting more than just a career out of lif .
 french suburbs rocked by more riots <sec> riots in french suburb for second night after two teens killed in police crash .  violence spreads from villiers-le-bel , north of paris , to two nearby towns .  more than 60 police injured , bombarded with molotov cocktails and bottles of acid .  parallels drawn with unrest in 2005 , when president sarkozy was interior ministe .
 deadly earthquake strikes peru <sec> new : tsunami warnings and watches canceled , as is hawaii 's advisory .  at least 15 people killed , 70 injured in quake .  quake was felt for two minutes ; people ran out of office buildings in panic .  broken windows , power outages reported in lima , peru 's capita .
 angry electorate helps sustain tea party <sec> cnn sponsoring republican presidential candidates debate with tea party express .  one tea party organizer says movement has evolved from protest to get-out-the-vote operation .  another organizer says tea party will have big say in the party 's 2012 nominee .  expert says movement has sustained because anger among the electorate persist .
 censorship row reveals tolerant side of china 's new leadership <sec> young : handling of southern weekly row demonstrated tolerant side of new leadership .  traditional , newer media can serve as tools for achieving goals in china 's modernization .  the fight against corruption in china is at the top of the list for incoming leader , xi jinping .  young : media has also emerged as an important tool for combating other social problem .
 commentary : what lbj would do <sec> tom johnson : lyndon johnson would use many tools to get action in congress .  he would have used staff , intermediaries to pressure legislators .  he would have gained support by granting lawmakers ' special requests .  he would have used every device to get the health care bill passe .
 7 prime spots for wildlife viewing <sec> summer is prime time for wildlife viewing .  these spots across the united states provide opportunities to see animals in the wild .  for your own well-being and that of the wildlife , always maintain a safe distanc .
 from families to revolutions : life 'because of the internet ' <sec> u.n. council says freedom of expression over the internet is a human right .  cnn ireport challenged its community to explain how the internet affected their lives .  ireporters from all over the world sent in 60-second videos about why they use the internet .  many people use the internet to share information and connect with other .
 former college professor pleads guilty to attempted murder charge <sec> amy bishop anderson will plead guilty to capital murder charges september 24 .  the former biology professor opened fire during a faculty meeting in 2010 .  she is also stands accused of killing her brother in massachusett .
 mom charged after 2 children found dead in socal hotel room <sec> new : police identify the suspect as marilyn edge , 42 , of scottsdale , arizona .  she is charged with two counts of murder after her children are found dead .  the children were found after the apparently suicidal woman crashed her ca .
 rockets from lebanon smash down in israel ; idf returns fire <sec> new : israeli pm says attacking civilians while hiding among population is `` double war crime '' .  no immediate reports of anyone being injured .  israeli military , lebanese media say at least 20 rockets fired in retaliatio .
 hamas , israel set independent cease-fires <sec> new : israeli prime minister says no intention to hurt civilians .  palestinians fire two rockets after cease-fire declaration .  palestinian authority president calls for aid into gaza .  cease-fire covers all armed palestinian factions , cnn report .
 tiger woods -- mandela inspired me <sec> tiger woods pays tribute to nelson mandela .  woods met the former south african president several times .  'world is going to miss him , ' he said .  woods playing in a tournament in california when mandela 's death announce .
 2 health care workers exposed to mers patient had flu-like symptoms <sec> new : tsa will put up advisories about mers in airports .  two cases have been confirmed in the u.s . .  at least 20 health care workers told to not come to work .  they can return to work after 14 days if medically cleare .
 gandolfini lives on in collectibles <sec> hundreds of gandolfini , `` the sopranos '' items featured on ebay .  photographs most common .  but a `` sopranos '' clock is availabl .
 patriots ' bill belichick : we did nothing wrong <sec> bill belichick : `` we try to do everything right . .  we err on the side of caution '' .  coach says simulations showed footballs lose air pressure in cold weathe .
 australia 's anti-gang laws target tattooists <sec> queensland passes raft of tough new laws targetting motorcycle gangs .  the laws follow similar anti-association laws in other australian states .  tattoo parlors have been the subject of stringent new laws in some states .  critics say the laws are populist measures that target a high-profile grou .
 u-verse back up after outage hit thousands <sec> at & t says u-verse service back up for all after outage .  at & t : roughly 1 % of the service 's subscribers were hit with a multiday outage .  problem was linked with a software update , at & t say .
 drones hover over paris landmarks and u.s. embassy <sec> drones are seen overnight in paris .  they hovered over paris landmarks like the eiffel tower , the bastille and the u.s. embass .
 hitler card game maker faces german prosecution <sec> a card in the game `` dictator 's quartet '' features adolf hitler and a swastika .  displaying the swastika is illegal in germany .  other historical figures in the game include idi amin and augusto pinochet .  the maker of the game has not responded to cnn question .
 john browne : why coming out is good for business <sec> former ceo of bp looks at the ways companies can support their gay employees .  making sure people feel comfortable coming out is good for business , he says .  john browne resigned as ceo after a british newspaper group outed him as a gay ma .
 gunman an apparent suicide in florida hospital <sec> new : a robot found the body .  the man was a former employee who had been fired .  palm bay hospital was on lockdown , and the gunman was isolate .
 expert : autopsy of florida a & m ; drum major shows badly beaten muscles <sec> medical examiner releases complete autopsy report of famu 's robert d. champion .  `` his muscles were beaten so badly that they were destroyed , '' an expert says .  `` the beating was so powerful , it just squashed the tissue , '' another expert say .
 battling a new infection , chavez has breathing problems <sec> new : `` the president continues to hold fast to christ and to life , '' says ernesto villegas .  the information minister says the president 's condition remains `` very delicate '' .  the government has never said what type of cancer hugo chavez ha .
 quagliarella nets treble as juve hit six <sec> fabio quagliarella scores hat-trick as juventus move four points clear in italy .  serie a champions continue to bounce back from last weekend 's league loss .  bayern munich stay seven points clear in germany with win over eintracht frankfurt .  malaga miss chance to move into third place in spain 's la lig .
 kanye west charged with battery in airport incident <sec> photographer reportedly attacked at la airport july 19 .  kanye west is charged .  arraignment is scheduled for october 10 .  west to kick off tour in seattle on october 1 .
 vitamin c can keep you healthy , looking younger <sec> vitamin c helps form collagen , which helps smooth wrinkles .  women taking vitamin c and e can cut their risk of having a stroke .  adding citrus to green tea can increase its immune-boosting power .  pairing vitamin c and e can lessen risk of alzheimer 's by 6 .
 robin meade talks anxiety and her road to self-confidence <sec> anxiety attacks threatened to stop robin meade 's career in its tracks .  her compulsion to overachieve put meade temporarily out of touch with herself .  meade shares how she got her confidence , and her spontaneity , back .  robin meade 's new book hits shelves september 1 .
 microsoft gives peek at windows 8 <sec> windows 8 looks much like windows phone but also has the familiar desktop look .  microsoft unveiled the new design at a conference on wednesday .  the next version of windows is expected to be released next yea .
 prosecutor : art dealer bergantiños diaz was 'master of forgery ' <sec> prosecutors allege a new york-based art dealer bilked buyers by selling them forged art .  spanish authorities arrested jose carlos bergantiños diaz , federal prosecutors say .  investigators allege that he and associates made more than $ 30 million off fake art .  the painter behind the works was also indicted ; bergantiños met him on a street corne .
 student admits hanging noose in campus library <sec> university suspends student who admits hanging noose in library .  hundreds attend campus rally to oppose racial intolerance .  incident comes weeks after black history month was mocked in off-campus part .
 two coaches of chivas usa allege team fired them for not being latino <sec> new : coaches wondered , 'hey , will we be fired because i ca n't speak spanish and is it possible ? ' .  chivas usa hired coaches daniel calichman and theothoros chronopoulos in 2011 .  they allege chivas owner jorge vergara madrigal of mexico has a latino-only policy .  a team spokeswoman declines to comment on the lawsui .
 wisconsin siblings tell of running to warn others as temple shooting erupted <sec> new : two children talk about warning others at temple .  new : vigil held near white house .  fbi says gunman wade michael page shot himself in the head .  it says page 's ex-girlfriend was arrested on a weapons charge , probably is n't linked to shootin .
 the world 's most extreme road trips <sec> taking some of these trips can inspire both fearlessness and wonder .  the most extreme spots include stops in pakistan , australia and bolivia .  careful preparation and advance planning are necessary for these daring trip .
 'whitey ' bulger faces off with rogue fbi agent <sec> a former fbi agents is asked : `` you were corrupt , were n't you ? '' .  `` yes , '' comes the answer from agent , who is testifying against `` whitey '' bulger .  reputed mob boss bulger is charged with 19 murders .  he lived in hiding for 16 years , after a tipoff from an fbi source that he faced indictmen .
 whitney houston death probe closed ; 911 call released <sec> 911 recording released wednesday reflects frantic moments after houston found .  `` i need paramedics , '' said the hotel security officer who found houston in the bathtub .  a woman in houston 's room was `` pretty much out of it , '' the guard tells the dispatcher .  beverly hills police agree with coroner 's report that houston 's death was accidental drownin .
 toxic : garbage island <sec> vbs travels to a spot in the pacific where a massive pool of trash churns with the current .  non-biodegradable bits of plastic make up much of the so-called `` chemical soup '' .  vbs reporter says water sample tests were `` worse than we thought .
 hugh grant blasts british press at hacking inquiry <sec> new : grant calls the hacking of a murdered girl 's phone `` cowardly and shocking '' .  milly dowler 's mother describes how phone hacking gave her false hope .  journalists hacked milly dowler 's phone before her body was discovered .  police say up to 5,800 people were targets of phone hackin .
 beloved women 's basketball coach kay yow dies <sec> women 's basketball coach dies at 66 after struggle with breast cancer .  yow 's north carolina state teams won 4 acc titles , reached final four .  yow coached the 1988 women 's olympic basketball team to a gold medal in seoul .  yow helped establish the kay yow/wbca cancer fun .
 one of the world 's oldest pandas dies in china at 34 <sec> ming ming dies on may 7 in southern china .  she dies of kidney failure after living in captivity since 1979 .  at least two pandas had lived longer than ming min .
 clinton discharged from new york hospital <sec> clinton is `` making good progress on all fronts '' and has been discharged .  she has been hospitalized since sunday after doctors found a blood clot in her head .  clinton has been on the phone and talking with aides , a spokeswoman says .  the 65-year-old secretary plans to step down once the senate confirms a successo .
 isis : brutality is its policy ( opinion ) <sec> frida ghitis : isis celebrates its brutality and taunts the world with it .  ghitis : barbarism is isis policy , with strategic and psychological objectives .  ghitis : policy of nazi germany , rwanda , khmer rouge , boko haram , too .  ghitis : isis uses cruelty to recruit ; justifies it for the sake of creating a `` utopia .
 tv reporter : lose weight or lose my job <sec> tory johnson has lost 72 pounds in 20 months .  johnson decided dieting was n't going to work and stuck to simple rules .  we have the `` power to change our mind for a happier , healthier , better life , '' johnson say .
 missing boy sparks huge hunt in denmark <sec> holger kragh , 3 , argues with his mother on a trip and storms off .  he then vanishes , prompting a search involving police , military and volunteers .  police get news about his fate live on camer .
 dead mississippi man begins breathing in embalming room , coroner says <sec> mississippi man declared dead wednesday , returns to life thursday , coroner says .  `` we noticed his legs beginning to move ... .  he also began to do a little breathing '' .  family overjoyed that the longtime farmer known as `` snowball '' is still with them .  coroner says only explanation is that man 's defibrillator kick-started his hear .
 report : chinese official confesses to raping 10 girls <sec> li confesses to the crimes , xinhua reports .  he was communist party 's deputy director in yongcheng city , report says .  no details given on victims ' age .
 the good ol ' days of aol chat rooms <sec> aol chat rooms , popular in the 90 's and early 00 's , are less so today thanks to new technology .  chat rooms helped the users communicate rapidly with others like themselves .  today , social networks ' chat services let people exchange in real time with existing friends .  still , some networks like twitter and linked in thrive on creating bonds between stranger .
 homeland security seeks volunteers for flights , embassies <sec> homeland security asks employees to step up to train as air marshals .  they also need people to serve at u.s. diplomatic posts abroad screening visas .  agents from immigration and customs enforcement division particularly sought .  in 2008 , fewer than 1 percent of daily commercial flights carried air marshal .
 court appearance fuels theories about colorado shooting suspect <sec> the shooting suspect 's demeanor in court is instructive , experts say .  james holmes appeared dazed , emotionless .  theories range from medication to a complete break with reality , experts sa .
 `` pig book '' calls out top congressional porkers <sec> new : senate appropriations committee leaders from both parties top earmarks list .  new : some recipients of earmark funds say their projects are not pork at all .  watchdog group releases its annual list of lawmakers it considers the worst porkers .  citizens against government waste has criteria for citing projects as por .
 philly buildings become giant 'tetris ' game <sec> game designers turned two philadelphia buildings into `` tetris '' games .  the exhibit was part of philly tech week .  drexel university game designer hopes event spurs game industry ther .
 carlin isles : `` fastest man in rugby '' signs for glasgow warriors <sec> carlin isles signs a contract with glasgow warriors rugby union team .  the american made his name playing in the hsbc sevens world series .  isles previously signed a practice contract with nfl franchise the detroit lions .  the former track athlete made his sevens debut in 201 .
 which country has the best scent ? <sec> heathrow airport installs `` scent globe '' to give passengers a whiff of their destinations .  smells help create some of the best memories we take home from our vacations .  thailand , brazil , china and south africa among nations represented in fragrant for .
 judge accused of trying to frame romantic rival pleads not guilty <sec> michael thornsbury , 57 , is arraigned on two counts of conspiracy against rights .  he 's accused of plotting against his secretary 's husband over a 5-year period .  indictment : plot included drug plant attempt , bogus theft charges , groundless arrest .  his trial date was set for october 15 , and he was released on a $ 10,000 bon .
 mary kennedy 's grave moved to 'sunny hillside ' <sec> spokesman : grave moved because first plot offered no room for other family plots .  a medical examiner ruled mary kennedy died of asphyxiation due to hanging .  kennedy family members purchased some 50 plots surrounding the grav .
 grand slam champions stosur and li exit wimbledon <sec> u.s. open champion sam stosur loses to unseeded dutch player arantxa rus at wimbledon .  defeat leaves australia without a player in either singles championships .  heather watson becomes first british woman for 10 years to reach third round .  italy 's sara errani completes first-round win without hitting a bal .
 man killed , planned to eat girlfriend 's dog , police say <sec> new mexico authorities find parts of a dead chihuahua , dachshund mix in a freezer .  they say a man admitted killing the animal for use as food .  eating dog is legal in new mexico and many other states .  sheriff : charges filed due to how it was done , stress on famil .
 lindsey vonn needs rest , therapy after training run crash <sec> vonn suffered a minor strain to her right knee and a partial tear to her right acl .  she had major surgery on the same knee this year .  vonn crashed during a training run at copper mountain in colorado on tuesda .
