 plane carrying italian fashion heir missoni missing off venezuela <sec> missoni : company director vittorio missoni and his wife are missing off venezuela .  search continues for the plane , carrying six people , which vanished off the coast .  the plane took off from los roques archipelago , north of caracas , friday morning .  missoni brand has expanded in recent year .
 james dimaggio family wants dna samples for hannah anderson , brother <sec> new : hannah 's great-uncle to dimaggio family : 'shut up ' .  anderson family says they did n't know dimaggio until after hannah was conceived .  dimaggio family wants to know if he fathered hannah , ethan .  dimaggio named hannah 's grandmother as his life insurance beneficiar .
 five things we learned from tuesday 's gop debate <sec> gop contenders attack herman cain 's `` 9-9-9 '' tax plan .  former mass . .  gov . .  mitt romney took some verbal jabs from opponents , but threw some as well .  texas gov . .  rick perry did better in this debate than previous one .
 cops : georgia police chief on leave after wife shot <sec> no charges filed ; da says he will await investigative report .  peachtree city authorities say the police chief 's wife was shot .  she 's in critical condition at atlanta medical cente .
 can cairo street eats be the next global food phenomenon ? <sec> for many residents of cairo , the best food is street food .  it is not about style ; it means to be quick , cheap and filling .  zooba cafe in cairo turns street food into fine dinin .
 what it was like on netanyahu 's plane - cnnpolitics.com <sec> netanyahu worked on his speech while on the way to washington .  official said netanyahu sees speech as `` last chance '' to avert bad deal with iran .  netanyahu has called this trip `` historic .
 buoyant market : are floating homes the future of housing ? <sec> dutch company develops range of floating and amphibious houses .  homes built on air-filled concrete cubes that rise with floods .  entire floating cities now being planne .
 school bus crashes in west georgia ; 17 students sent to hospital <sec> the bus got into an accident with a pick-up truck early thursday .  spokeswoman : 17 students were transported to a hospital with injuries that were n't serious .  the truck 's driver did have serious injuries and was airlifted to an atlanta hospita .
 nba 's jeff green 's game fueled with heart <sec> nba player jeff green had open heart surgery to repair an aortic aneurysm in 2011 .  green missed the entire 2011-2012 basketball season .  now he donates time to young cardiovascular patient .
 suspect in provincial governor 's death gets gifts , praise in jail <sec> salman taseer , punjab province governor , was assassinated earlier this month .  his bodyguard , mumtaz qadri was arrested .  qadri told police he kiled taseer because he was trying to change pakistan 's blasphemy laws .  qadri 's lawyer says he has no regret .
 obama 's split lip gives him 'superfluous ' trouble at kennedy honors <sec> president 's struggle drew chuckles at white house event .  `` you try it when you 've had 12 stitches , '' obama says .  honorees for kennedy center awards range from merle haggard to oprah winfre .
 soldier found guilty of murdering afghans , sentenced to life <sec> staff sgt . .  calvin gibbs is sentenced to life in prison , with parole possible .  new : he remains under investigation for the 2004 shooting death of a family in iraq .  prosecutors : gibbs ' platoon staged killings of civilians as firefights with taliban .  defense says gibbs ' accusers were high on hashish at the tim .
 rooney double as man united crush milan <sec> wayne rooney scores twice as manchester united crush ac milan 4-0 .  park ji-sung and darren fletcher also on target for a 7-2 aggregate success .  milan 's david beckham receives a superb ovation from the old trafford crow .
 disabled girl 's parents defend growth-stunting treatment <sec> parents of severely disabled `` pillow angel '' say controversial treatment is success .  girl had hysterectomy , other treatments to stunt her growth .  parents ' blog about `` ashley 's treatment '' created firestorm of internet debate .  expert : no consensus among doctors on whether treatment is appropriate , ethica .
 moon or mars ? 'next giant leap ' sparks debate <sec> nasa plans to return astronauts to the moon by 2020 , build outpost by 2025 .  constellation program 's new fleet of space vehicles will replace the space shuttles .  critics say nasa should skip the moon and set its sights directly on mars .  independent panel is reviewing plans and looking at `` potential alternatives .
 10 questions for espn sportscaster hannah storm <sec> hannah storm returned to espn this month after suffering burns december 11 .  storm says she was in a hurry and distracted when the grill accident occurred .  she said the pain and trauma is `` there for a long time '' .  storm says she 's determined to slow down and `` proceed with caution .
 hip-hop mogul , lawmaker team up to help youth <sec> entertainers , legislators come together at `` keeping the promise to our children '' .  russell simmons : `` we have such a great opportunity to make changes at this time '' .  u.s. house speaker nancy pelosi of california also attends one-day conference .  they use their celebrity to advocate foster care , health care , education cause .
 burial , prayers and a miracle on 11th day after quake <sec> haitians gather for `` day of redemption '' in port-au-prince plaza .  parishioners bury capital city 's archbishop .  man pulled from rubble 11 days after earthquak .
 gebrselassie to run for ethiopian parliament <sec> haile gebrselassie announces intention to run for political office .  the ethiopian is a double olympic 10,000m gold medalist .  gebrselassie has set 27 world records during his illustrious career .  manny pacquiao and romario are other sportsmen who have entered politic .
 tsa denies having required a 95-year-old woman to remove diaper <sec> new : the woman 's daughter says the tsa agents acted professionally .  the tsa says it `` did not require this passenger to remove an adult diaper '' .  the depend undergarment was `` wet and it was firm , '' daughter says she was told .  the woman 's daughter says her mother removed the diaper in a restroo .
 snow , rain falls in southeast ; winter weather warnings remain <sec> storm warnings and winter weather advisories issued for the southeast .  airtran airways has canceled 69 flights into and out of atlanta for tuesday .  delta air lines cancelled about 250 flights tuesda .
 'race is being looked at ' as possible motive in detroit driver attack <sec> detroit police chief credits woman for stepping in , possibly saving driver 's life .  three suspects charged for alleged roles in the beating of a driver after a car accident .  four people are in custody ; prosecutors debate whether to charge 16-year-old as an adult .  the driver was severely beaten by a mob after accidentally injuring a boy , officials sa .
 italy 's president asks center-left to form government <sec> new try to form government .  can rivals get along ? .  italy mired in recessio .
 relatives accuse israeli cops of attacking u.s. citizen <sec> new : a note from the detained boy tells his parents he is ok and not to worry , an uncle says .  tariq khdeir , 15 , was born in the u.s. and is a high school sophomore in tampa , florida .  he was visiting his palestinian relatives for the first time in over a decade .  israel 's justice ministry says it will investigate the beatin .
 christmas gift ideas for hard-to-shop-for folks <sec> christmas gift ideas can be hard to find for a long list of people you love and respect .  consider these gift ideas for teenagers , in-laws , distant relatives and friends .  secret santa gifts and white elephant gifts deserve some thought , to .
 6 ways shanghai is unique in china <sec> shanghai has long been a unique city in china .  hybrid of eastern , western traditions is found nowhere else in mainland china .  shanghai ranks sixth among world cities with the most skyscrapers , with 241 .  shanghainese dialect is filled with localized english word .
 syrian-americans watch from afar as reports of violence grow <sec> `` it 's a very demoralizing and frustrating position to be in , '' one syrian-american says .  the syrian-american mayor of a new jersey town says the news divides the community .  some say they are speaking out about the violence , since their family in syria ca n't .  `` we 're not better than the people that are getting killed in the streets , '' a man say .
 annan 's deal is al-assad 's last chance <sec> ed husain says kofi annan 's deal with syria 's government is a new chance for regime .  he says the plan to stop violence , allow humanitarian aid and more , is correct , crucial .  he says al-assad is n't trustworthy , but if pact fails his chance at avoiding world response is slim .  husain : syrian government must stand down , opposition must unite to form credible alternativ .
 peta eyes drones to watch hunters , farmers <sec> peta says it plans to purchase drones to watch for illegal activity among hunters .  hunters online have suggested they 'll shoot down peta 's remote-controlled aircraft .  showing animals respect and kindness has flown camera-carrying drones to track hunters .  shark has sent footage to law enforcement , but no cases ensue .
 your antidotes for boss haters , stars and sliders <sec> there are five common dysfunctional co-workers you may encounter .  types : boss haters , stars , sliders , pity parties , and self-promoters .  refuse to listen to a boss hater ; steer clear of pity parties ; turn slider into a mentor .  praise will draw star back to team but only if you can say it convictio .
 the top 10 tech stories of 2013 <sec> revelations about the scope of the nsa 's snooping lead to the year 's biggest tech stores .  hacking of major companies and sites for politics , fun and profit a reoccurring story in 2013 .  snapchat , vine , bitcoin and ios 7 all became familiar term .
 bones of six bodies found in new mexico desert <sec> new .  only one body identified ; she was a prostitute last seen in 2003 .  the bones of six bodies found in desert west of albuquerque .  authorities fear remains of even more bodies might be buried ther .
 in defense of justin bieber <sec> justin bieber allegedly lashed out at a photographer trying to get pics of him and girlfriend .  dean obeidallah says the issue is whether paparazzi should stalk celebs and their families .  he asks : why should paparazzi profit off images of celebrities without their consent ? .  law should provide that celebs must give consent , with exceptions for news , he write .
 feds : n.y. speaker amassed millions in graft <sec> one of new york state 's most powerful politicians arrested on graft charges .  state assembly speaker sheldon silver allegedly received $ 4m in bribes and kickbacks .  silver : `` i am confident ... .  i will be vindicated .
 the new normal for winter : more flight delays ahead <sec> new : site : more than 4,000 flights originating in , flying to u.s. canceled for thursday .  this is in addition to about 3,400 flight cancellations across the u.s. on wednesday .  airports in the northeast are expecting to get hit next .  austrian businessman catches connecting flight to make it home for his weddin .
 is america exceptional ? liberals , conservatives agree -- and disagree <sec> belief that america is an exceptional country is widely shared in the u.s . .  david lake says it 's become a flashpoint , as conservatives dispute obama 's belief in it .  he says liberals believe u.s. is exceptional because of its constitutional safeguards .  lake : conservatives are more likely to believe u.s. is culturally superior to rest of worl .
 is hong kong 's `` affordable art '' really all that affordable ? <sec> hong kong 's affordable art fair attracted 29,000 visitors and topped $ 5 million in sales .  for many hong kong residents , `` affordable art '' is still out of their budgets .  next stop on the affordable art fair tour is maastricht , netherlands , followed by new york , toronto and singapor .
 the cutest baby animals at u.s. zoos <sec> playful baby animals are popular at u.s. zoos -- and online .  much fanfare often accompanies the birth of zoo animals .  the tiny creatures are cute by design , says chris eastland of zooborns.co .
 opinion : bush and clinton take opposite approaches to legacy <sec> george w. bush goes on `` the tonight show '' ; bill clinton gets medal of freedom .  julian zelizer : the two are taking opposite approaches to managing presidential legacies .  clinton takes initiative in pushing his view of how democratic party should act , zelizer says .  zelizer : bush takes more passive role , letting his controversial record speak for itsel .
 india 's tata group names ratan tata 's successor <sec> tata sons is an $ 80 billion conglomerate .  ratan tata has no children .  mistry has been on the board since 200 .
 as gaming grows more casual and mobile , developers scramble to adapt <sec> game developers must decide which kind of gamers to target .  this schism will be on display this week at the electronic entertainment expo .  game exec : `` we 're going to be where the consumers are ... they are basically everywhere .
 shakhtar sign eduardo from arsenal ; european transfer round-up <sec> ukrainian champions shakhtar donetsk sign croatia striker eduardo from arsenal .  the 27-year-old joins for undisclosed fee despite recently signing new arsenal contract .  english club liverpool sign defender danny wilson from scottish champions rangers .  european champions inter milan sign defender andrea ranocchia from geno .
 electronic dragnet at issue as feds defend intercepts - cnnpolitics.com <sec> justice department says safeguards ensure compliance with the law .  case descended from revelations by whistleblower edward snowden .  one plaintiff has also sued the government for handling of the ebola crisi .
 barcelona threaten to sever ties with spanish rivals real madrid <sec> barcelona threaten to sever ties with their great rivals real madrid .  european champions claim real pushed the bounds of sportsmanship .  the two met five times last season with the champions league ties fractious .  barca say they are willing to spend big on players ahead of next seaso .
 irish fact-finding delegation 'bullied ' in bahrain <sec> `` we came to bahrain to help bahrainis , '' says the leader of the irish delegation .  many of the bahraini health workers had trained in ireland .  `` it 's most unfortunate that we were bullied and intimidated , '' says irish ex-foreign ministe .
 karachi , pakistan , shut down after violence <sec> nine people , including two policemen , were reported killed in violence tuesday .  tension has been raised as paramilitary forces crack down on crime .  new prime minister nawaz sharif is targeting crime rings and politically affiliated gang .
 ex-cops apologize for deadly drug raid ahead of sentencing <sec> sentencing hearing begins for three former atlanta police officers .  kathryn johnston , 92 , killed in her home during botched drug raid in november 2006 .  the officers pleaded guilty to federal charges of conspiracy to violate civil rights .  officers `` regularly swore falsely '' to get warrants , assistant u.s. attorney say .
 girl caught in adoption tug-of-war adjusting to new life in china <sec> anna he was taken in by tennessee couple during her parents ' financial hardship .  in 2007 , tennessee supreme court ruled she should return to biological parents .  parents jack and casey he separated ; anna still adjusting to life with mom , siblings .  `` i can not pick anyone , '' says 9-year-old anna about her 2 sets of parent .
 campaign enters final stretch as obama takes final debate <sec> new : barack obama and mitt romney head to battleground states .  cnn/orc poll shows president obama , mitt romney benefit from their final debate .  obama says romney 's policies are `` all over the map '' .  romney says the united states is less respected now than four years ag .
 is the global workforce headed for a burnout ? <sec> arianna huffington 's new book `` thrive '' asks us to redefine success .  implores employees to sleep longer , take breaks , nap and meditate .  she adds : `` nothing kills creativity more than burn out .
 13 killed as heavy rain , wind and hail hit argentina 's capital <sec> new : death toll rises in buenos aires-area storm , officials say .  residents awaken to crumbling walls , crushed cars and fallen trees .  `` the level of virulence of this storm is not normal , '' buenos aires official says .  a provincial official says wind gusts reached up to 120 kph ( 75 mph .
 community radio breaks taboos , brings education in nepal <sec> `` chatting with my best friend '' broadcasts frank and practical advice in nepal .  show 's remit is to educate youths in life skills , sex education , hiv awareness .  half of nepal 's 14-29-year-old youths tune in to the weekly radio show .  show 's peer-to-peer model is being adapted for cambodia , lao .
 discovery set to launch next week for space station <sec> nasa : discovery slated to lift off tuesday on mission to international space station .  shuttle will carry a crew of seven , ferry equipment to the space station .  astronaut nicole stott will remain on the space station as a flight engineer .  shuttle to deliver treadmill named after comedian stephen colber .
 10 south african ministers resign with mbeki <sec> 10 s. african ministers , deputy president resign with president thabo mbeki .  replacement , anc deputy president kgalema motlanthe , sworn in thursday .  mbeki quit after court case collapsed against longtime rival jacob zum .
 china slips down corruption perception index , despite high-profile crackdown <sec> transparency international 's corruption perceptions index 2014 released .  index shows perceptions of public sector corruption in china have worsened since last year .  drop from 40 points to 36 in the intervening year was one of the `` biggest falls '' of 2014 .  north korea and somalia rank equal-worst , denmark and new zealand ranked to .
 nigerian militant group attacks major oil pipelines <sec> militant group operating in oil-rich niger delta region of nigeria destroys oil pipelines .  movement for the emancipation of the niger delta has declared `` all-out war '' .  nigeria 's military has been trying to clear the western niger delt .
 economic downturn a gift for dance hall 's polka fans <sec> popular bavarian dance hall opened in maryland in 1933 .  developers bought land , club closed its doors on new year 's 2007 .  with slow economy , developers are n't building on the land .  family member leases back enough land to reopen dance hal .
 why 'location ' apps have n't gone mainstream <sec> sites and apps that let users track their locations get buzz from tech media .  but the sites are not achieving mainstream popularity , according to surveys .  only 7 percent of americans are aware of location-based social networks .  facebook and twitter may soon popularize the idea , however .
 champions league joy for arsenal as borussia dortmund beaten <sec> arsenal claims victory at borussia dortmund with aaron ramsey goal .  messi inspires barcelona to qualification .  atletico madrid cruises through to next stage .  chelsea thrashes schalke 3-0 at stamford bridg .
 'linsanity ' film traces rise of basketball star jeremy lin <sec> the documentary `` linsanity '' is out in select theaters october 4 .  the film chronicles jeremy lin 's life before nba stardom .  lin : `` i probably want to do some type of christian ministry , or do some type of non-profit work .
 report : 'systematic ' torture of civilians alleged in northern myanmar <sec> a rights group says it has documented more than 60 cases of torture of civilians in myanmar .  the alleged torture occurred in kachin state and northern shan state over the past three years .  a 17 year ceasefire between the kachin independence army and state forces ended in 2011 .  myanmar 's government rejects the report and says torture is not part of military polic .
 letterman makes in-studio apology to wife , staffers <sec> `` i got my work cut out for me , '' david letterman says of his marriage .  his mea culpa marks first public comments since last week 's sextortion revelations .  `` he really handled it head on , but it was funny too , '' audience member says .  `` when he made the apology to his wife he was very serious , '' another fan say .
 qatar probes deadly shopping mall blaze <sec> new : a french child is among the dead .  new zealand says triplets may have been among the dead .  thirteen of the dead were children , the interior ministry says .  spain says four of its nationals were among the dea .
 deadly clashes at afghan protest against pakistan <sec> residents of kandahar province stage an anti-pakistan protest , afghan provincial official says .  violence breaks out when an armed group starts insulting the afghan government , he says .  eight members of the armed group and three civilian drivers are killed in the fighting , he say .
