 ukraine-russia crisis wo n't force shakhtar to sell top players <sec> ukraine remains in state of uncertainty following russian invasion .  shakhtar donetsk says no players have asked to leave club .  shakhtar boasts a number of south american football players .  club says it could move its games if political situation deteriorate .
 engine vibrations , heat prompt scrubbing of bangkok-london flight <sec> the decision to return to the airport is `` a precaution , in line with procedure , '' airline says .  qantas provides the 307 passengers on the flight `` alternative onward services '' .  the incident comes three days after a burning engine forces an emergency landing in singapor .
 south africans beef up uae 's restaurant industry <sec> south african food businesses are seeing new growth in united arab emirates .  bilateral trade between s.a. and uae tops $ 3 billion a year .  the south african expat community in uae is estimated at 100,000 people .  africa as a whole accounted for 5 % of global meat production in 201 .
 what makes iowa gop 's caucuses unique <sec> on tuesday night , iowa republicans will gather for 809 caucuses across the state .  they 'll cast paper ballots for their choice for the nomination , and it could be anybody .  it 's the first actual vote in the march toward the gop convention .  `` the iowa caucuses are here to cull the herd a little bit , '' says one county chairma .
 opinion : for obama , it 's no more mr. nice media <sec> howard kurtz : ap phone records search , other stories have turned press on obama .  he says attention is n't just out of press self-interest ; obama 's stuck in number of scandals .  he says that for the first time , press started to think obama misled them .  kurtz : gop may overreach to damage obama ; still , scandal could drown out governin .
 missing cargo ship found off african islands <sec> missing cargo ship arctic star found weeks after disappearing .  crew safe , transferred to russian naval vessel , ship 's owners tell cnn .  ship was carrying timber cargo from finland to algeria .  ship believed to have been hijacked off swedish coast on july 2 .
 cnn student news transcript : november 13 , 2009 <sec> discover what 's significant about the location of the upcoming apec summit .  hear why a history lesson about the past has sparked concerns in the present .  check out some of the newest entries in a renowned book of global records .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 spy , nudist or warrior -- which camp for your kid ? <sec> even kids summer camps are getting more specialized .  hollywood stunt camp , magic camp or wizards and warriors camp for imaginary times .  learn skills at archaeology camp or young business camp or spy camp .  send kids to civil savvy camp for manners before sending to nudist cam .
 epa revokes permit for hilltop mining project in west virginia <sec> an angry industry leader calls the decision `` unprecedented '' .  environmentalists call it a `` historic step '' .  the epa says the project would have created 110 million cubic yards of waste .  a `` shocked '' coal mining company says the ruling will have a `` chilling effect .
 india 's first arts biennale begins in kochi <sec> the indian city of kochi will host india 's first ever international arts festival .  the kochi-muziris biennale will run for three months and display works by indian and international artists .  lacking traditional arts spaces , the organizers have commissioned heritage houses throughout kochi to host the festiva .
 santorum challenges policy on prenatal testing <sec> obama 's campaign calls santorum 's comments `` misinformed and dangerous '' .  former senator says prenatal testing such as amniocentesis increases abortions .  the government should not mandate health care coverage of such tests , santorum says .  republican 's comments continue a series of harsh attacks on presiden .
 boys school probe stirs painful memories <sec> former students talk about brutal days at a florida reform school .  one recalls hearing the tip of a whip hit the ceiling before it came down on him .  another regrets being too afraid to help a boy left in a tumble dryer .  third remembers beatings by a guard called `` the whipper .
 mercedes master monaco practice but grand prix is the real test <sec> nico rosberg sets the quickest time for mercedes in practice for monaco grand prix .  mercedes boss ross brawn warns sunday 's race is the real test for his team .  fernando alonso can become first driver to win in monaco gp for three teams .  red bull lament practice pace but remain confiden .
 national guard helps as ida 's remnants flood east coast counties <sec> strong winds and rain from the powerful storm have left thousands without power . .  flood advisories were in effect friday in pennsylvania , delaware and new jersey . .  national guard bureau : at least 160 troops were deployed to assist in high-water areas .  dominion power : by early afternoon , at least 155,000 in virginia had no electricit .
 rafael nadal 'at home ' on the sea ahead of monte-carlo challenge <sec> rafael nadal helps sail the tuiga around the monte-carlo harbor .  tennis star is in monaco for the atp monte-carlo masters .  the spaniard is looking to reclaim the title after losing out to novak djokovic last year .  world no . .  2 djokovic wins his opening match in straight sets on tuesda .
 faa orders inspections of boeing 737s <sec> faa says a problem with attach pins could cause pilots to lose control of aircraft .  the pins attach the horizontal stabilizers to the fuselage .  faa received reports that a protective coating on the pins was applied incorrectly .  the inspections are not expected to affect airline schedule .
 peter fonda makes a grisly discovery <sec> fonda noticed a car parked for days near sunset boulevard .  he found a dead man in the car .  police say the man killed himsel .
 4 fabindia store employees arrested over peeping cams <sec> federal education minister smriti irani visited a fabindia store in goa , saw cameras .  authorities discovered the cameras could capture photos from the store 's changing room .  the four store workers arrested could spend 3 years each in prison if convicte .
 u.s. , s. korea set to begin war exercises off korean peninsula <sec> new : south korea , u.s. begin assembling ships for war exercises .  china , other nations urge an avoidance of hostilities .  a chinese official visits seoul to discuss rising tensions .  the u.s. calls north korean claims `` outrageous .
 louisiana gulf waters reopened for fishing <sec> new : st. bernard parish officials say monitoring of shrimp trawlers shows no oil .  almost 4,300 square miles of federal waters off louisiana 's coast have been reopened .  over 48,000 square miles of the gulf of mexico remain closed to fishermen .  the federal government is engaged in extensive testing of the gulf , according to the noa .
 opinion : obama has n't hit rock bottom yet <sec> alex castellanos looks at obama 's recent approval ratings ; his prognosis : not good .  castellanos : everywhere you walk , mr. president , the world unravels .  he says that if obama were a car manufactured by gm , he 'd be recalled for defect .
 bin hammam and warner suspended after fifa investigation <sec> jack warner and mohamed bin hammam provisionally suspended by fifa .  it follows an enquiry by fifa 's ethics committee , after alleged ethics violations .  bin hammam had earlier withdrawn from the race to be named fifa president .  current president sepp blatter cleared of any wrong-doing by the investigatio .
 'finding jesus ' : john the baptist q & a ; <sec> religion professor candida moss appears in each episode of the program .  moss was part of the original study to determine if relics found in bulgaria could be the bones of john the baptist .
 what are the charges against jerry sandusky ? <sec> a jury in bellefonte , pennsylvania , is deliberating 48 counts against jerry sandusky .  the allegations , involving 10 alleged victims , cover a 15-year period .  sandusky , 68 , pleaded not guilty to the charge .
 u.s. expands zimbabwe sanctions <sec> u.s. president bush signs order expanding sanctions against zimbabwe .  in written statement , bush calls robert mugabe 's government `` illegitimate '' .  russia , china have vetoed u.n. resolution calling for international sanctions .  mugabe , tsvangirai have signed agreement paving way for power-sharing talk .
 life without parole for loud-music murderer in florida <sec> michael dunn is sentenced to life in prison without parole .  he was convicted for the 2012 shooting death of 17-year-old jordan davis .  death happened during an argument over loud music .  judge russell healey : `` mr. dunn , your life is effectively over .
 who is dawn zimmer ? <sec> hoboken mayor dawn zimmer 's at the center of political controversy again .  zimmer claims christie administration conditioned sandy aid on support for project .  republicans say zimmer is playing partisan politics , betraying christie .  zimmer says she 's just fighting for her water-logged tow .
 opinion : your life , under constant surveillance <sec> bruce schneier : historically , surveillance was difficult ; now it 's become much easier .  schneier : government and corporate surveillance used to be very different .  he says today nsa can piggyback on corporate surveillance ; they 're like partners .  schneier : we need to decide whether data is a societal resource or a commodit .
 new year 's revelers have a blast <sec> in times square , huge crowds welcomes 2010 with famous ball drop .  crowds in london gather to hear big ben strike midnight , watch the london eye fireworks .  horns blare in auckland , new zealan .
 retailer bass pro accused of hiring discrimination <sec> eeoc claims outdoors retailer discriminated against black , hispanic job applicants .  lawsuit also claims managers retaliated against people opposed to practices .  bass pro shops denies allegations and says it is `` determined to prove them wrong .
 why cyprus bailout is nothing more than usual euro nonsense <sec> quest : cyprus bailout deal is crisis averted , not problem solved .  cyprus will still be left with an unsustainable debt load at a national level .  new normal is european banks are n't `` safe '' beyond deposit insurance limit .
 cuban missile crisis ii ? not exactly <sec> panamanian authorities raid north korean ship , find cuban weapons .  russian-made weapons seized are cold war relics from the 1950s , say experts .  expert on sa-2 system : `` no modern country wants to be seen with those '' .  expert : `` bartering cold war materials for sugar speaks volumes '' about nation .
 iguala , mexico , ex-mayor 'probable ' suspect in case of 43 missing students <sec> 43 students intending to protest in iguala vanished on september 26 .  police say former mayor and his wife are responsible for the disappearance .  activist priest says the students were shot , bodies burne .
 china 's bo xilai appeals conviction <sec> source : bo xilai says the verdict contradicted the facts and was unfair .  a court found bo guilty of bribe-taking , embezzlement and abuse of power .  the one-time rising star of the communist party is sentenced to life in prison .  a court found his wife guilty last year of murdering british businessman neil heywoo .
 olympic torch moves through dagestan amid new threat <sec> runner carries the olympic torch through dagestan .  russia 's u.s. ambassador tells cnn he 's `` certain '' the games will be safe .  a new statement from islamist militants threatens further attacks in russia .  an athlete tells cnn his family is staying home due to safety fear .
 prosecutors want to try teen as adult in craigslist job ad killings <sec> a date has not yet been set for a hearing on charging the 16-year-old as an adult .  ohio attorney general calls the acts `` serial killings '' and says there may be more victims .  the alleged trigger man 's arraignment is set for wednesda .
 medical marijuana laws may reduce painkiller overdoses <sec> 23 states and washington have legalized medical marijuana in some form .  study finds 25 % lower rate of prescription painkiller overdose deaths in states with these laws .  drug overdoses have become the leading cause of injury death in the united state .
 this week on marketplace middle east <sec> this week mme focuses on the relationship between israel and the `` new '' egypt .  boosting economic growth is a top priority for politicians in egypt .  in israel , entrepreneur erel margalit sees jerusalem as a gateway to the business futur .
 manual recount not possible in venezuela , chief justice says <sec> new : maduro says he does n't care if the united states recognizes his presidency .  chief justice says the constitution does not allow for manual recounts .  protesters bang pots and pans in a continued push for a recount .  8 people have died in post-election protests , state news agency report .
 12 children have partial paralysis in colorado <sec> another child in colorado is hospitalized with limb weakness , mri abnormalities .  12 children in colorado and four in boston have similar symptoms .  mother of one of the colorado children describes `` scary experience .
 opinion : want green cities ? lose the cars <sec> eric sanderson : earth day 's theme is green cities . .  how to get there ? .  get cars out of town .  he says americans would save substantial money and time by not driving in cities .  he says cars pollute and harm the health of humans and the environment .  sanderson : biking , walking and light rail would obviate need for car .
 cnn student news - september 23 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 russian plane wreckage found in indonesia <sec> new : fog and steep terrain force a halt to the search , official says .  rescue workers have not found any survivors so far in plane wreckage in indonesia .  they plan to start removing bodies from a mountainous area friday .  the sukhoi superjet 100 started to descend and then vanished off radar screen .
 alec baldwin 's for sale <sec> alec baldwin 's on the auction block from now until april 24 .  top bidder gets 4 seats to his broadway show `` orphans '' and dinner with the star .  it benefits the screen actors guild foundation , a charity that helps actors .
 singer cassandra wilson back from 'another country ' <sec> cassandra wilson 's new album , `` another country , '' was released this week .  the new project is through her own record label , ojah media group .  the album actually was recorded in another countr .
 frugal immigrant from austria leaves $ 300k estate <sec> ida fischer a jewish immigrant who fled europe before wwii .  fischer lived in new york ; her frugality was legend among friends , neighbors .  she re-used greeting cards , got supplies from restaurants , paid rent of $ 145/month .  she left half her estate to hebrew university in jerusale .
 radical muslim cleric fighting extradition to the u.s . <sec> abu hamza al-masri 's hate-filled speeches at a london mosque inspired followers of al qaeda .  al-masri was convicted on various terror related crimes in 2006 in britain .  he 's fighting extradition from england to the u.s. , where he is facing a possible life sentenc .
 hezbollah armed drone ? militants ' new weapon ( opinion ) <sec> iranian news agency reports hezbollah used an armed drone .  bergen : if confirmed , it represents a milestone that raises serious concerns .  militant groups are gaining access to tools that once were only available to states , he say .
 tendulkar hits double century as india head for sri lanka stalemate <sec> india reach 669-9 on day four of the second test against sri lanka .  sachin tendulkar hits 203 as india pass sri lanka 's total of 642-2 declared .  suresh raina makes 120 on his test debut as draw looks most likely resul .
 hong kongers hold parody communist rally to protest mainland influence <sec> 100 hong kongers march through the city wearing satirical maoist costumes .  protesters to mainland visitors : it 's more 'patriotic ' if you stay home .  `` we do n't want hong kong to turn into another chinese city , '' says proteste .
 syrian artists fight assad regime with satire <sec> syria 's uprising has politicized and emboldened the country 's artists .  they say they have moved beyond fear , although they now face greater dangers .  a protest singer 's throat was cut and a cartoonist 's hands broken .  a major exhibition of syrian political art is currently on display in amsterda .
 reo speedwagon cancels seaworld gig because of 'blackfish ' backlash <sec> reo speedwagon was booked to play seaworld orlando on february 16 .  the rock band cites `` concerns '' for decision to cancel .  trisha yearwood , willie nelson , cheap trick , others already canceled .  online campaign by fans asks acts to ditch seaworld in wake of `` blackfish '' fil .
 11 nato troops killed in 2 days in afghanistan <sec> u.s. soldier killed in roadside bombing on a convoy in western afghanistan .  follows deaths of 7 americans , 2 canadians , 1 briton in separate incidents .  latest deaths come as u.s. forces ratchet up fight against taliba .
 george w. bush to visit facebook for live video q & a <sec> facebook announcing a `` facebook live '' event for 5 p.m . .  et / 2 p.m. pt .  bush has been making the media rounds to talk about his memoir .  this will be the first appearance of any president on facebook liv .
 calls grow around world for calm in gaza <sec> international pressure grows on israel and palestinians to end violence in gaza .  u.s. , u.n. , eu and other countries call for immediate restoration of calm .  angry protests in several cities around the world on sunday against israe .
 wilkins - hiddink likely to be named chelsea manager <sec> ray wilkins believes guus hiddink will be re-appointed as chelsea manager .  wilkins tells cnn that hiddink will be the perfect manager to return to the club .  alex mcleish is named new manager of aston villa on a three-year contrac .
 germany knock greece out of euros <sec> germany beat greece 4-2 in euro 2012 quarterfinal .  philip lahm put germans in front before giorgios samaras ' shock leveller .  sami khedira , miroslav klose and marco reus restored german advantage .  dimitris salpingidis netted consolation penalty for greec .
 symbol of wukan rebellion ends her political career <sec> daughter of wukan villager who died in police custody ends political career .  local election seen as unprecedented exercise of grassroots democracy in china .  xue jianwan 's celebrity a poignant reminder of the village 's tumultuous recent past .  analysts ponder whether the `` wukan effect '' could take hold in other parts of chin .
 autopsy confirms georgia child-murderer hung himself <sec> new : georgia police chief steps down after audit critical of the handling of the case .  ryan brunn hung himself with a sweatshirt in a prison cell , investigators say .  a medical examiner does n't find any `` other significant trauma '' on his body .  he had pleaded guilty this week to murdering 7-year-old jorelys river .
 why we need a hubble for the seas <sec> kevin ulmer : billions are being spent for space telescopes that explore the universe .  he says a more urgent need is to understand how increasing carbon dioxide affects oceans .  scientists are developing a system to begin monitoring health of the oceans .  ulmer says more funding for the project is vital to understand the changing plane .
 sent-off mourinho questions ref 's record <sec> jose mourinho hits back at referee after being sent off during madrid 's win over murcia .  coach was dismissed by paradas romero after protesting official 's decision .  mourinho says romero has a history of handing out yellow cards .  first `` clasico '' of season between real and barcelona moved due to catalan election .
 joe paterno 's son : victims of 'this whole tragedy ' should be the focus <sec> joe paterno 's son jay : we must `` keep focus on the victims of this whole tragedy '' .  joe paterno has a treatable form of lung cancer , his family says .  paterno is the winningest coach in division i college football history .  he has said he wished he had done more after hearing sex abuse allegatio .
 opinion : can kenya avoid africa 's resource curse ? <sec> alex vines , an expert on africa says east africa is becoming the new oil and gas frontier .  the author suggests the discovery of oil in kenya adds complexity to the upcoming presidential election .  he says many worry that the oil money may further blight an already corrupted political class in kenya .  using oil funds to build up a competitive economy is the key to avoid a resource curse , concludes vine .
 commentary : franken victory is not funny <sec> feehery : with franken as 60th vote in senate , liberals dominant in d.c . .  he says liberal control in 1970s led to bill to convert u.s. to metric system .  feehery says democrats are overreaching and will lose public 's support .  he says voters wanted change but not bigger governmen .
