 texas pastor found dead , ministry assistant injured , church members say <sec> a 29-year-old church pastor is killed and his 67-year-old ministry assistant wounded , cnn affiliate wfaa reported .  the victims have not been officially identified .  police investigate after a family member of one of victims ca n't reach their loved on .
 italians ask : can americans get away with murder ? <sec> a number of american suspects in high-profile cases have not been brought to justice , say italians .  in 1998 , 20 people were killed when a u.s. marine corps jet sliced through steel wires supporting a cable car in the italian alps .  in 2009 , american troops opened fire at a baghdad checkpoint , killing italian secret service agent nicola calipari .  the trial of seattle student amanda knox , accused of killing her british roommate meredith kercher is also controversia .
 missing woman 's body found 28 years later , behind false wall <sec> a contractor finds a skeleton inside a container behind a false wall .  joann nichols ' husband reported her missing in 1985 .  her husband continued to live in the house until he died there in decembe .
 obama says u.s. , turkey can be model for world <sec> president obama : u.s. a nation of citizens , not any particular religion .  obama says he is trying to make a statement by ending trip in turkey .  obama on first state visit to largely muslim nation .  u.s. approval ratings among turks hit low during bush administratio .
 american ebola survivor rick sacra back in africa <sec> dr. rick sacra survived ebola and is back in africa , caring for patients .  he describes the triumphs and heartbreaks of his first days back .  effects of ebola epidemic will be felt for many months to come , he write .
 hong kong tycoon , ex-official sentenced over corruption <sec> billionaire thomas kwok sentenced to five years on misconduct charge .  hong kong 's former no.2 official sentenced to seven and a half years .  rafael hui , 66 , is the highest-ranking former official to be tried in hong kong .  property tycoon 's brother acquitted by jur .
 two high-level mexican officials killed in separate attacks <sec> there have been four deadly attacks against public officials in two weeks .  three of the attacks were this week .  analysts see link to elections sunday in 12 states .  chihuahua and tamaulipas are bloodiest state .
 video shows israeli police attacking palestinian boy , rights group says <sec> video : `` why are you making trouble ? '' .  border officer asks wailing boy .  second border officer kicks the child , turns around and walks off .  the israeli border police denounce the incident .  `` this is a rare incident which does not represent the actions of the border police in israel , '' they sa .
 army reviewing ptsd evaluation program <sec> army examining ptsd diagnosis reversals at joint base lewis mccord .  mccord is home base of robert bales , accused of killing 16 afghans .  no evidence that bales had been diagnosed or treated for ptsd .  bales attorney suggested ptsd will be issue in defens .
 space station crew takes final spacewalk of shuttle era <sec> new : engineers mike fossum and ronald garan begin excursion .  new : garan : `` welcome back to our other office '' .  the atlantis crew is delivering supplies and spare parts .  the mission is the last of the 30-year space shuttle progra .
 teen pleads not guilty to rape , murder of algebra teacher <sec> the massachusetts teenager is charged with murder in the death of his algebra teacher .  he is ordered held without bail .  a handwritten note saying , `` i hate you all , '' was found near the teacher 's bod .
 opinion : who decides what 's secret : obama , or snowden ? <sec> rahul sagar : edward snowden took on a heavy burden when he leaked u.s. secrets .  he says snowden could have gone to higher-ups or resigned over policies he opposed .  sagar : snowden usurped the role properly played by three branches of government .  framers of constitution such as madison , jefferson opposed leaking of secrets , he say .
 how a 'best friendship ' works <sec> two best friends , susan miller and kathryn grody , analyze their friendship .  miller : `` we help each other get over ourselves '' .  `` we both have permission to say anything . .  we know each other 's fragile places .
 vitamin cafes : japan 's latest health injection <sec> intravenous vitamin boosts are the latest health fad in japan .  vitamin injections target specific health aliments and beauty concerns .  nutritionists warn of vitamin overdose from high quantities of supplements .  vitamin injections are popular among celebrities and businessmen for fatigu .
 russian convoy to ukraine : aid or incursion ? <sec> `` we can help ourselves , '' kiev resident says .  russian aid convoy raises fears of invasion .  red cross says it has n't partnered with russia on aid , does n't know what 's coming .  the convoy comes as ukraine makes strides against pro-russian rebel .
 obama urges more action on ebola crisis <sec> obama calls west africa ebola outbreak `` a growing threat to regional and global security '' .  sierra leone 's three-day lockdown revealed more cases of ebola , government says .  `` true picture portrays a situation worse than what was being reflected in reports , '' it says .  6,263 probable , confirmed and suspected cases in west africa , with 2,917 deaths , who say .
 honda returning to f1 as mclaren engine partner in 2015 <sec> japanese car giant honda will return to formula one as an engine supplier in 2015 .  honda will renew its successful partnership with british racing team mclaren .  mclaren will continue using mercedes-benz engines in 2014 when new rules come in .  honda says new engine rules in f1 will help it develop `` greener '' technologie .
 chicago teachers strike a democratic feud <sec> chicago teachers strike is affecting more than 350,000 students .  ruben navarrette : strike reveals democrats are divided about education reform .  he says strike also tests the relationship between unions and the obama administration .  navarrette : for obama , the strike could turn into a headache if it is n't resolved soo .
 l.a. kings lose to devils , must wait for first stanley cup <sec> kings are having a cinderella run in the playoffs .  they are up 3-1 in championship finals going into wednesday 's game against new jersey .  the hockey team entered the postseason as the lowest seed in their conferenc .
 17 feared dead as u.n. aid flight crashes in congo <sec> flight operators : aerial survey indicates occupants on aircraft died .  search and rescue crews not able to land their helicopter in the area , u.n. says .  plane was on a routine flight from kinsasha to the eastern city of gom .
 assisted suicide laws : why they 're dangerous ( opinion ) <sec> legal assisted suicide can seem acceptable on individual basis , says marilyn golden .  but in a profit-driven health care system like the u.s. it can be dangerous , golden says .  diagnoses of terminal illness are often wrong , writes golde .
 report : syrian officials claim chlorine , saline used in aleppo attack <sec> expert doubts one rocket could carry enough chlorine to kill dozens .  cnn affiliate reports results of blood and soil testing sent to united nations .  sources tell itn that chlorine mixed with saline was used in attack .  rebels have said they have no access to chemical weapon .
 bowie 's 'changes ' coming out on 7-inch vinyl <sec> david bowie 's 1971 hit `` changes '' will be released as a limited edition picture disc .  his 1980 cover of `` kingdom come '' will also be released on 7-inch vinyl .  the releases are in honor of record store da .
 'truly a historic blizzard , ' weather service says <sec> new : drivers trapped on highway in texas for more than nine hours .  emergency crews in oklahoma get stuck on their way to fire call .  whiteout conditions force plows from texas highways .  amarillo , texas gets 19 inches of snow in one da .
 u.s. military closes detention camp in iraq <sec> u.s. miliary closes camp bucca , a detention center in southern iraq .  last remaining prisoners were transferred to another center in baghdad .  closure is in accordance with bilateral security agreement negotiated last year .  two remaining camps set to be handed over to the iraqis next yea .
 ukrainian military plane shot down , source says ; at least 49 aboard <sec> new : source : an ilyushin-76 military transport plane is shot down near luhansk .  more than 30 separatists have been detained in mariupol , says interior ministry official .  city 's residents are no longer blocking ukrainian security forces , official says .  3 russian tanks cross border , go to donetsk , he says ; russia denies this claim to bb .
 gingrich : obamacare 's self-inflicted wound <sec> newt gingrich : medicaid and obamacare exchanges compete for the young .  gingrich : u.s. health care is too vast and complex for one-size-fits-all program .  he says the young must sign up to offset the cost of older , sicker enrollees .  gingrich : technology , entrepreneurial spirit could deliver better health car .
 rare pale-headed crocodile kills man in australia <sec> a man , 57 , has died after being attacked by a crocodile in australia 's northern territory .  police said the man apparently entered the adelaide river after his fishing line snagged .  guide peter saltmarsh said the crocodile nicknamed `` michael jackson '' was well known .  the 4.5 meter crocodile , which was subsequently shot , had a pale head and dark bod .
 protesters , security forces clash during kashmir elections <sec> anti-election demonstrators , indian security forces clash during state elections .  police say they used batons to restore order , and no one was injured .  authorities : protests come a day after indian paramilitary forces killed two youths .  voting was second stage of seven-stage election in indian-controlled kashmi .
 how to take your startup to the next level <sec> twitter chat : how to take your startup to the next level .  rebecca enonchong , juliana rotich and erik hersman were the special guest .
 packing 105 mph winds , hurricane carlotta bears down on mexico coast <sec> new : carlotta 's eye is 10 miles south-southwest of puerto angel , mexico .  new : `` hurricane-force winds are probably already occurring , '' the hurricane center says .  the storm gained strength all day and has sustained 105 mph winds .  a hurricane warning is in effect for parts of mexico 's west coast , including acapulc .
 police seek help finding men who abducted girl from l.a. bedroom <sec> a 10-year-old girl was taken in the middle of the night from her l.a. home , police say .  she was found about 12 hours later , some 5 miles from her home .  l.a. police release information about 1 of the 2 suspects in the cas .
 hispanics lead u.s. embrace of mobile technology <sec> hispanic americans may prove to be an especially influential political force in 2012 u.s. elections .  institute believes that mobile apps increasingly will drive hispanic civic engagement .  hispanics have been leading the u.s. population in terms of embracing mobile technolog .
 how to handle online references <sec> presence in `` online bazaars '' such as car-lender getaround is part of a digital persona .  reach out to your target before sending an online recommendation request .  be careful when a site user has zero recommendations .  write recommendations for businesses and others yoursel .
 minnesota , wisconsin residents cope with deadly flooding <sec> new : `` it feels like a whale is swallowing us , '' a minnesota resident says .  new : big sandy lake should crest june near record highs , the army corps says .  some places in minnesota and wisconsin still under flooding warnings .  roads and parks are closed after intense flash floodin .
 global warming could increase terrorism , official says <sec> climate change could destabilize `` weak '' states , intelligence chair says .  global warming could spark mass migrations , classified report finds .  u.s. food production could increase with climate change , report suggests .  but it says u.s. coasts could be threatened by larger storm surge .
 female suspect sought in paris hostage-taking <sec> le monde says photos show boumeddiene in a niqab and holding a weapon in 2010 .  police hunt for hayat boumeddiene , 26 , an alleged accomplice from a hostage-taking site .  the other hostage-taking suspect is dead after a police operatio .
 google maps ' android app now routes drivers around traffic <sec> blog says feature will `` guide you along the best route given the current traffic conditions '' .  so far , the iphone google maps app lacks this traffic-avoiding feature .  tomtom iphone app has offered traffic-dodging functionality for some tim .
 chavez : u.s. distorting situation in libya 'to justify an invasion ' <sec> `` let 's not get carried away by the drums of war , '' venezuela 's hugo chavez says .  the venezuelan leader proposes sending a goodwill commission to mediate in libya .  libyan leader moammar gadhafi and chavez have a close relationship .  chavez claims `` a campaign of lies is being woven '' about liby .
 saudi women : pampered or oppressed ? <sec> samar badawi served seven months in jail for disobeying her father .  badawi says women need to be more aware of their rights .  demanding more rights is not un-islamic , say women campaigners .  saudi women are lucky to be pampered and looked after , say other .
 david cassidy gets probation , rehab for dui conviction <sec> david cassidy expects to resume his entertainment career next month .  cassidy has been arrested three times on dui charges in past three years .  cassidy had just left rehab when he was stopped for drunken driving .  his manager blames stress over a `` partridge family '' disput .
 winter storms cost china $ 4.5 billion <sec> new : toyota , ford halt chinese production ; power plants not getting coal deliveries .  forecasters expect three more days of bad weather in china .  millions heading home for the chinese new year holiday are stranded .  economic cost of winter storms reaches $ 4.5 billion , ministry say .
 portuguese leaders condemn guinea-bissau coup <sec> an international group says it rejects any government announced by the coup leaders .  a military spokesman says the acting president and prime minister are detained .  he says no one was hurt or killed despite gunfire and explosions .  guinea-bissau has had several coups since it gained independence in 197 .
 5 things to watch at the winter games on tuesday <sec> it appears that as of monday quite a few snowboarders did n't like the halfpipe .  the first women 's ski jumping event takes place tuesday .  russian skaters have pressure to get back in the win column in the pairs event .  winner of the women 's 500-meter speed skating event looks like a sure thin .
 minnesota government shutdown could last days longer <sec> thousands ca n't go to their jobs , and various state offices and facilities are closed .  republican and democrat-farmer-labor leaders blame each other for shutdown .  the minnesota government is shut down for the second time in six year .
 vera wang makes fashion faux pas at first china store <sec> u.s. luxury bridal designer vera wang 's first store in china charging us $ 480 to try on clothes .  fee was exclusive to shanghai store , prompting cries of discrimination against chinese .  some speculated fee was intended to discourage copycat designs .  vera wang spokesperson said fee would be scrapped upon official opening of store in apri .
 tycoon pleads not guilty in pop star 's murder <sec> lebanese pop singer suzanne tamim found with throat slit in dubai apartment .  hisham moustafa , egyptian tycoon and lawmaker , tells court he did not order murder .  egyptian chief prosecutor alleges former police officer paid to carry out killing .  case creates strong interest in the middle eas .
 hong kong protesters march ahead of tiananmen anniversary <sec> at least 1,900 hong kongers took the streets to call for democracy .  marcher : `` my main concern is to end one-party rule in china '' .  protest foreshadows even larger planned demonstration .
 champions league : does soccer need a sin-bin ? <sec> the european champions league resumes this week .  eight teams will be hoping to reach the quarterfinals .  bayern munich seeking to become the first team to defend title .  three of the four english clubs involved face an early exi .
 solar-powered plane reaches new heights <sec> maiden flight of solar impulse plane is first step towards solar night flying .  initiator of project is aeronaut , bertrand piccard ; project has been going 7 years .  aim is to build solar-powered plane to fly non-stop round the worl .
 bush calls for quick , temporary tax relief to spur economy <sec> new : democratic leadership aides say bill must help low- , middle-income earners .  president calls for broad-based tax relief for consumers , businesses .  bush says he 's encouraged by talks with congress , hopeful of agreement .  bush says his tax cuts due to expire in 2010 should be made permanen .
 mom granted new trial in death of son struck by driver <sec> raquel nelson 's trial is set for october 25 .  nelson was prosecuted after a driver struck and killed her son .  she potentially had faced more jail time than the drive .
 former lynyrd skynyrd drummer robert burns dies <sec> robert lewis burns jr. was part of lynyrd skynyrd 's original lineup .  his car hit a mailbox and a tree just before midnigh .
 what makes an image unforgettable ? <sec> unforgettable photos often define an event , a person , or even a generation .  examples : kent state shooting , times square on vj day , abu ghraib prisoner .  writer : `` iconic photographs can help us bring historical events into focus '' .  cnn films ' `` the flag '' tells the story behind the image of firefighters raising a flag at ground zer .
 cleveland cop abuses : the shocking facts ( opinion ) <sec> justice dept . .  found a pattern of unnecessary use of force by cleveland cops .  danny cevallos : report reveals that these concerns were longstanding .  in 2004 , justice dept . .  and cdp agreed to correct problems , but little was changed , he says .  cevallos : report damages perception of cdp as it deals with controversial killing of 12-year-ol .
 u.s. targets chinese businessman , says he supplied iran missile parts <sec> u.s. authorities announce new sanctions and criminal charges .  they say li fangwei supplied iran 's military with parts for ballistic missiles , other equipment .  li , his companies and associates are accused of money laundering , wire fraud .  the chinese are n't expected to turn li over to the u.s .
 no full screening for airport workers <sec> a new tsa report advises against full screening of airport workers .  the report says such measures would not lower the overall risk to the publi .
 south korea demands tokyo withdraw ban on its airline <sec> japan asked diplomats to refrain from flying with korean air .  the move is to protest a test flight above islets in the sea east of korea .  japan claims it is its territory .  south korea says it 's taking the ban `` seriously .
 opinion : malaysia flight 370 search unites global community <sec> tim kane says international search for flight 370 is rare bright spot in tragedy .  more than a half-dozen nations have come together in the deep-water search .  like the disappearance of amelia earhart in 1937 , flight 370 is a myster .
 gunmen open fire on italian consul 's car in benghazi <sec> no one is injured , consul general guido de sanctis says .  the attack is the latest to rock the city in recent months .  a september 11 assault on the u.s. consulate left four americans dea .
 police : new inquiry against strauss-kahn includes allegations of gang rape <sec> strauss-kahn 's attorneys say he has never committed an act of violence .  prosecutor 's office : the alleged events could constitute `` gang rape '' .  strauss-kahn is also under investigation for `` aggravated pimping '' .  the former international monetary fund chief has not been convicted of a crim .
 drone kills suspected al qaeda militants in yemen <sec> at least eight suspected u.s. drone strikes occur in the past two weeks .  tally : at least 34 people die in that period .  the heightened strikes parallel the closing of u.s. embassies and consulates .  al qaeda 's group in yemen is cutting down on attack .
 matt kuchar denies luke donald with sensational bunker shot <sec> matt kuchar moves up to third place in pga tour 's fedex cup rankings .  the 35-year-old wins his seventh title on u.s. circuit .  overnight leader luke donald is second after closing with three par .
 hurricane ike 's victims rebuild lives from texas to ohio <sec> the effects of hurricane ike are still being felt across the united states .  cnn affiliates report on how communities are struggling to recover .  from texas to ohio , people are still battling homelessness and power outage .
