 arms to ukraine debate ( opinion ) <sec> fighting has flared again in eastern ukraine .  michael kofman : angela merkel right to oppose sending weapon .
 more secret service planned after white house incidents <sec> new : a white house fence jumper had more than 800 rounds of ammunition .  new : omar gonzalez also reportedly had hatchets and a machete in his car .  new : in august , he was arrested with a map of the white house circled .  gonzalez did three tours in iraq , his mental state worsened after each , his ex-stepson say .
 barter clubs expose argentina 's weakness <sec> barter clubs opening around argentina show extent of country 's economic crisis .  members -- often poor and unemployed -- trade food , clothes .  the clubs first opened during argentina 's 2001 economic meltdow .
 fedex cup : billy casper was pioneer for pga tour 's multimillionaires <sec> this weekend the winner of the pga tour 's lucrative playoffs will be crowned .  a $ 10 million jackpot is available following 2013 's fourth end-of-season tournament .  pga tour makes multiple millionaires each season -- a far cry from its formative years .  it took billy casper almost a decade and a half to become golf 's second millionair .
 world 's oldest bible goes online <sec> british library plans to publish world 's oldest surviving bible online .  codex sinaiticus contains all of new testament , part of old testament .  web site will have photographs of pages , search functio .
 a carbon tax will create jobs for americans ( opinion ) <sec> rick mcgahey : critics of climate action think helping environment would hurt economy .  mcgahey : three new studies show taking climate action can create jobs .  he says u.s. energy policy is backwards with federal subsidies given to fossil fuel industries .  mcgahey : a carbon tax can help the economy and workers transition to green energy futur .
 sean parker says 'the social network ' is fiction <sec> sean parker is the napster founder and facebook founding president .  parker lashes out at the movie `` the social network '' at a european conference .  parker admires production values , but objects to the way his character was portraye .
 strong earthquake strikes off sumatra coast <sec> magnitude 6.5 earthquake struck friday night off sumatra coast , says u.s. geological survey .  the center was 13.7 miles ( 22 kilometers ) deep , the usgs said .  there were no immediate reports of damage or injurie .
 uk lawmakers approve '3-parent babies ' law <sec> uk lawmakers vote overwhelmingly in favor of allowing the new ivf technique .  a further vote must be held in the house of lords before the measure can become law .  scientists say the technique will not change a child 's characteristics , just make it health .
 strippers at teen 's party lead to mom 's arrest <sec> albany-area woman is accused of hiring strippers for her son 's 16th birthday .  judy viger , 33 , is charged with five counts of endangering the welfare of a child .  photos posted on facebook alerted the parents of teens who attende .
 slaying suspect charged in 'jane doe ' poisoning <sec> new : melissa huckaby charged with attempting to poison `` jane doe , '' 7 .  huckaby due in court to face charges in slaying of another 8-year-old .  she faces special circumstances including kidnap , rape by instrument .  decision on whether to seek the death penalty will come late .
 college drug sting snags justice , security majors , scores of others <sec> new : officials : about 100 arrested at san diego state university .  officials : 75 student arrested ; one dealing coke and working for campus police .  dea helped campus police conduct a yearlong undercover operation .  text message sent to customers advertised cocaine at `` discounted prices .
 congress : how lame are these ducks ? ( opinion ) <sec> congress is meeting in lame duck session with some big items to tackle .  julian zelizer says past lame duck sessions have proved productive , but this time is different .  he says parties are dug in on major issues and may be reluctant to compromise now .  zelizer : congress could get a head start on tax reform that would close loophole .
 former el salvador leader in war crimes case <sec> case involves killing of 6 jesuit priests , their housekeeper and her daughter .  14 former salvadoran military officers also accused of war crimes .  most of the slain jesuits were born in spain .  one of the most notorious episodes of el salvador 's 12-year civil wa .
 outside political donors still shrouded in smoke <sec> democrat and republican leaders are battling over disclosing big-dollar donors .  the fight is fueled in part by a huge influx of cash by anonymous donors and unions .  voters are the ultimate losers in this fight over transparency , some politicos sa .
 nigeria bans same-sex marriage <sec> nigerian president goodluck jonathan signs the bill into law .  u.s. secretary of state john kerry slams the decision .  the law reportedly imposes a 14-year prison sentence for same-sex marriage .  homosexuality is illegal in most african nation .
 irs worker describes horror of austin attack <sec> lisa alexander is an irs revenue officer in austin , texas .  she was one of nearly 200 employees in irs offices when a plane struck the building .  authorities say joe stack , angry at the government , flew his plane into the multistory buildin .
 arrest for iraqi immigrant shot watching snow in dallas <sec> ahmed al-jumaili , who 'd come from iraq weeks earlier , was shot while outside watching snow .  police : suspected shooter went out angry thinking someone shot his girlfriend 's apartment .  there 's no indication al-jumaili had anything to do with that or knew the suspected shoote .
 bombing suspect provided 'actionable intelligence , ' white house says <sec> white house press secretary : suspect gave fbi `` actionable intelligence '' .  umar farouk abdulmutallab has been linked with al qaeda group .  dutch authorities : suspect apparently arrived already carrying explosives .  british officials : heathrow to introduce more body scanners within week .
 u.s. hikers and iran 's intra-regime struggle <sec> jamsheed k. choksy : the uncertain status of two u.s. hikers reflects iran divisions .  he says president mahoud ahamadinejad is locked in struggle with mullahs .  iran 's president is challenging the idea of islamic theocracy , choksy say .
 by the numbers : lame duck sessions of congress <sec> 1830s - the term `` lame duck '' arrives in the united states .  1998 - the house votes to impeach president bill clinton during a lame-duck session .  2 - the number of times a lame duck house chose the president and vice president in disputed elections .  1982 - the lame duck session in which the house votes to give members a pay rais .
 merck , schering-plough in $ 41 billion merger <sec> sp shareholders to get over half a merck share and $ 10.50 in cash per share .  merck shareholders expected to own around 68 percent of combined company .  both drug-makers reported better-than-expected quarterly results in februar .
 james foley a reminder why freelance reporting is deadly <sec> the rory peck trust works with freelance journalists on a daily basis , including james foley .  tina carr : foleys ' death is yet another tragic reminder of the dangers facing journalists today .  freelancers often work alone without the support of large news organizations , she writes .  carr : majority of newsgatherers killed each year are journalists working in their own countrie .
 former nascar champ kurt busch suspended <sec> kurt busch 's attorney says court made the wrong decision and former girlfriend lied in court .  the 2004 champ had been accused of domestic violence against patricia driscoll .  nascar says court 's finding led to indefinite suspensio .
 working women , know your value <sec> in her new book , facebook 's sheryl sandberg says women must demand more at work .  wendy sachs agrees , saying women often `` give it up for free '' in the workplace .  not demanding a competitive salary was a huge mistake for tv host mika brzezinski .  brzezinski says asking for more at work can have a domino effect on one 's self-wort .
 asiana crash probe moves on from san francisco airport <sec> investigators are done with their work at the airport .  the asiana plane 's wreckage is still there for future examination .  the ntsb is doing further interviews with first responders .  the july 6 crash of the boeing 777 killed three peopl .
 u.s. open winner so yeon ryu hits high notes on lpga tour <sec> south korean golfer so yeon ryu has come a long way since her days as a musician .  ryu became the fifth player from her country to win the u.s. women 's open in 2011 .  she will tee off at this week 's 68th edition of the tournament in new york state .  the 22-year-old was named the lpga 's rookie of the year for 201 .
 `` starcraft '' and `` warcraft '' maker 's take on gaming addiction <sec> blizzard : `` it 's never our intent for our players to play our games to the exclusion of other activities '' .  the maker of `` starcraft ii '' isues statement to cnn on gaming addiction .  `` games are meant to be a source of entertainment , '' the company says .  company says its games are enjoyable `` with minimal time commitments .
 seize this moment to forge ties with venezuela <sec> jesse jackson : chavez 's death an opportunity for u.s. and venezuela to heal relations .  he says we have demonized chavez , but this rhetoric serves no good purpose .  jackson : u.s.-venezuela bond will be beneficial to both countries , in trade and oil .  jackson will be talking with religious , political leaders to rebuild diplomatic tie .
 syria : israeli warplanes hit targets in , near damascus <sec> targets unclear , though state-run news agency calls strikes a `` flagrant attack on syria '' .  strikes caused `` material damage to some facilities , '' but targets civilian , army says .  opposition groups says one target was `` military area , '' the other a warehouse at airpor .
 by the numbers : presidential and vice presidential debates <sec> 2 : elections in which the tv debates appeared to affect the outcome .  12 : times jim lehrer from pbs has served as the moderator including 2012 .  3 : election cycles between the first series of televised presidential debates and the secon .
 some concerns of 30-something women <sec> dating can be daunting for 30-something women in america .  the dating pool is small and some successful women fear they intimidate men .  one divorced mom does criminal background checks on her dates .  married muslim woman was forbidden to dat .
 booming brazil lures immigrant workers <sec> immigrants contribute to brazil 's economy .  they also send money from their small businesses to their home countries .  amnesty program in 2009 allowed immigrants to be legal residents and worker .
 emotional protests , rampant lawlessness pervasive around egypt <sec> new : civilians stand arm-in-arm in front of tanks to protect famed egyptian museum .  protesters turn out in droves for a fifth day , demanding president mubarak 's ouster .  casualties mount , too , in cairo and alexandria , after demonstrators clash with police .  still , police are largely absent in many areas , contributing to widespread lootin .
 police believe men who kidnapped boy , 3 , are in mexico <sec> new : liberato vega , 30 , and israel moreno , 28 , suspects in kidnapping .  new : officials believe both men , illegal immigrants , have fled to mexico .  briant rodriguez found wandering streets in mexicali , police say .  boy had been missing since may 3 , when armed men burst into his family 's hom .
 why parents should listen to nflers who quit ( opinion ) <sec> roxanne jones : there 's a reason why young nfl players are retiring from the sport .  she says youth football is not looking like the best option for kids ; parents should know the risk .
 top brass : marching band keeps youngsters from gang life <sec> bezzi 's youth brass band was set up in one of south africa 's poorest regions .  the band was put together to give bored youngsters something to do .  there are now 60 members who rehearse every week .  the band is so popular that there are 30 people waiting to joi .
 7 digital mistakes to avoid in 2011 <sec> do n't chase a messy breakup with sad-clown facebook status updates .  twitter can be a useful tool as well as a repository for banal thoughts .  if there 's one habit worth breaking this year , it 's your smartphone addictio .
 obama signs order to close guantanamo bay facility <sec> president obama signs orders to close detention facility , ban torture .  sen. john mccain issues statement supporting facility 's closure .  some congressional republicans slam `` politically correct '' security policies .  gop congressman says he 's worried about where to house detainee .
 opinion : are lipsticks dangerous ? <sec> sharima rasanayagam : studies found higher level of lead in some lipsticks .  rasanayagam : this raises concerns about the safety of a popular product .  she says fda and cosmetic industry should pay attention to long-term effects .  rasanayagam : congress needs to update the laws regulating cosmetic .
 sex abuse scandal at l.a. school forces parents to have difficult talks with kids <sec> a sexual misconduct scandal forces parents to have difficult talks with kids .  the scandal is centered at miramonte elementary school .  working-class mexican immigrants populate school 's neighborhood .  `` it 's a conversation that is like a taboo , '' one parent say .
 cable makes big promises for african internet <sec> undersea seacom cable links southern and east africa to europe , asia .  system provides cheaper alternative to satellite connections .  17,000 km cable capable of 1.28 terabytes per second .  seacom spokesman : this is going to reduce the cost of doing busines .
 u.s. imams arrested for alleged pakistani taliban links <sec> hafiz khan and two sons arrested .  his daughter , grandson and one other person is wanted .  they are charged with providing support to a terrorist organizatio .
 commentary : an 'average ' american will never be president <sec> martin : all three candidates are well-educated , wealthy -- not `` average '' .  their efforts to show that they are `` just like us '' are pathetic , he says .  but that 's ok , martin says , if they advance good policie .
 military : up to 30,000 new troops to be sent to afghanistan <sec> 20,000 in four ground/maneuvering brigades , said u.s. forces spokesman .  the additional 10,000 likely refers to support personnel , said spokesman .  on friday , defense secretary ordered 3,000 troops to afghanistan for next yea .
 where has `` super '' mario balotelli gone ? <sec> milan director umberto gandini tells cnn the time was right for mario balotelli to leave .  gandini says the controversial striker is not yet at the stage where he can `` carry the club '' .  balotelli left milan for liverpool in august but has had a modest start to life at anfield .  the 24-year-old has just one goals in eight matches and was recently benche .
 heathrow crash plane 'just dropped ' <sec> beijing to london jet lands short of runway at heathrow airport .  new : investigator says pilot talked of not having power .  passenger : we just dropped . .  i could n't tell you how far .  136 passengers evacuated from plane ; 17 minor injuries reporte .
 report : death toll rises to 217 after massive earthquake in turkey <sec> at least 217 people are reported dead ; 350 are injured .  the usgs reports the quake had a magnitude of 7.2 .  rescue teams struggle to reach some smaller villages .  a 7.6 earthquake in turkey killed more than 17,000 people in 199 .
 will facebook lose its edge after ipo ? <sec> douglas rushkoff : speculation over the meaning , value of facebook ipo is overblown .  he says valuation of company likely too high , timing not great , but people want in anyway .  he says current facebook will be overtaken by next-generation media ; it must innovate .  rushkoff : by accepting wall street 's terms facebook may sacrifice innovation to profi .
 police : gun found in woman 's car linked to aaron hernandez probe <sec> a gun found during a traffic investigation has been linked to a double killing , police say .  aaron hernandez is being investigated in connection with the slaying , source says .  a woman is charged ; her relationship to the former nfl player is unclear , police say .  hernandez is charged , separately , with murder of odin lloyd ; he has pleaded not guilt .
 late draw prevents juventus from topping table <sec> juventus held to a 1-1 home draw by bologna to miss chance to top serie a .  adailton scores injury time equalizer after david trezeguet put juventus ahead .  ac milan held to goalless draw by bari in late game to continue poor start .  sampdoria head table by a point from juve after beating inter 1-0 on saturda .
 an iphone case you can eat <sec> from japan comes an $ 81 edible iphone case .  the rice-cracker cover is a commentary on food and gadget obsession .  silly or not , the covers were sold out thursda .
 tsa boosts 'behavior detection , ' mulls other changes <sec> government 's 3-1-1 rule for liquids and gels could be eased next year .  tsa aims to reduce travelers ' stress , making it easier to spot suspicious behavior .  taking shoes off at security expected to remain in place for the foreseeable future .  family lane program expands to every airport in the country starting thursda .
 lyrics of beatles hit 'a day in the life ' auctioned off <sec> double-sided sheet of paper sells for $ 1,202,500 .  final track on 'sgt . .  pepper 's lonely hearts club band ' .  believed composed on the morning and afternoon of january 17 , 196 .
 opinion : armed drones are key to future of warfare <sec> peter bergen says use of drones for military purposes is going to proliferate .  drones enable warfare to be fought at lower cost without risking pilots ' lives .  they offer more precise targeting but still will kill civilians and thus will stir debate .  bergen : ethical and legal questions raised by the use of armed drones aboun .
 surrealist photographer recreates his dreams in real life <sec> photographer ronen goldman recreates his dreams through photos .  he 's inspired by surrealist painters renã© magritte and others .  sharing the process is a key part of his ar .
 chinese business world wants to play ball <sec> chinese businessman hopes to buy 15 percent stake in cleveland cavaliers .  kenny huang is heading the deal , estimated to be worth more than $ 70 million .  chinese people fanatical about basketball and national sports hero yao ming .  further chinese investment in the nba is expected in the futur .
 tribal groups joining protests against yemeni president <sec> new : amnesty international says security forces are blocking access to hospital .  medical officials say four people died and 26 were injured after clashes in aden .  yemini tribal leaders say they will join protests calling for the saleh 's resignation .  witnesses say the victims are anti-government demonstrator .
 dogs , ferrari , strangers -- weird stipulations <sec> people have put some very bizarre stipulations in their wills .  socialite buried `` in lace nightgown ... in my ferrari , with seat slanted comfortably '' .  two very rich women left millions to their dogs .  comic book writer had his ashes mixed with ink for anthology .  iowa lawyer left money for library banning all female writers and visitor .
 rwanda to keep its peacekeepers in place <sec> kagame was angry over u.n. report that accuses rwandan troops of genocide .  u.n. agrees to allow comments to be published with report .  ban is `` very satisfied '' that rwandan troops will remain in suda .
 healthy restaurant choices : how to decode the menu <sec> there are healthy restaurant menu choices while eating out .  crunchy , battered , crispy , breaded , crusted , golden and tempura are code words for fried .  food described as `` loaded '' or `` stuffed '' is likely loaded and stuffed with calories .  choose roasted , baked , braised , broiled , poached , seared , grilled or steame .
 are you happy -- really ? <sec> expert : many looking for happiness do n't realize they already have it .  funeral director finds happiness in job by helping grieving people .  lachelle claims happiness even in a bad situation .  expert : good friends can remind you that you 're a good perso .
 review : 'wire ' junkies get one last fix <sec> finale of `` the wire '' to air sunday night .  this season has n't measured up to previous ones , say cnn reviewers .  final show has a couple of surprises , but is too neatly tied u .
 cleveland mass murder suspect indicted on 85 counts <sec> new : indictment includes 11 aggravated murder charges with `` mass murder specification '' .  police say they found remains of 11 women after woman reported an assault .  authorities investigating whether sowell has connections to crimes in ohio , california .  sowell , registered sex offender , served 15 years in prison for 1989 attempted rap .
