 house of commons approves same-sex marriage <sec> house of commons approves same-sex marriage .  pm david cameron backs the bill , but many in his party oppose it .  cameron is also under pressure from party members over britain 's role in europe .  the church of england is among religious bodies opposed to same-sex marriag .
 search suspended for 2 hikers lost on mount hood <sec> officials cite avalanche threat , hold out little hope two hikers are still alive .  third hiker , 26-year-old luke gullberg , was found dead saturday from hypothermia .  operations coordinator says heavy snowfall has covered up clues to hikers ' whereabout .
 white house policy : no letter to families of military suicides <sec> family of spc . .  chancellor keesling , 25 , wants condolence letter from president obama .  parents believe suicide brought on by stress of war , distance from loved ones .  white house : `` inherited '' policy lets president write only families of fallen soldiers .  family hopes obama would want to thank them for their sacrific .
 debts and dreams : singapore 's migrant workers <sec> singapore has reputation for stability and business-friendly climate .  it has more than a million foreign workers , fueling growth .  in recent years , singapore has beefed up labor regulations .  critics say unscrupulous employers abuse syste .
 eu probes causes of georgian conflict <sec> european union launches mission to determine causes of georgian conflict .  heidi tagliavini , former u.n. special representative for georgia , heads probe .  georgia and russia blame each other for starting the conflic .
 official apologizes for obama chimpanzee email <sec> the e-mail contains a doctored photo of a young chimpanzee with obama 's face on it .  the official says that sending the email was `` unwise behavior '' .  despite criticism , the official says she does not need to resig .
 the mariachi singer is more american than his critics <sec> 11-year-old mexican-american who sang national anthem is bashed on social media .  ruben navarrette : the boy is more american than his racist critics .  he was invited back by the san antonio spurs and got cheers for his encor .
 mit geeks create an origami thanksgiving <sec> a group of mit students started an origami club to push the boundaries of paper folding .  the club explores the geometrical nature of origami to create complicated shapes .  they recently created an elaborate thanksgiving inspired tablea .
 why marriage is an 'absolute yes ' <sec> carey goldberg says study shows marriage statistics down but rate of unmarried moms up .  she says she 'd bought sperm to have baby , then met man who agreed to reproduce with her .  she says they had ups , downs , split , got back together , had another baby and got married .  goldberg tells her daughter : it 's fine to stay single , but marriage is one of the best things in lif .
 opinion : egypt 's identity torn in two <sec> cynthia schneider : the islamist vs. secular conflict is playing out in egyption families .  she says it 's a microcosm of conflict over egyptian identity playing out in street chaos .  she says both sides being `` played '' by sisi , media , who dehumanize opponents .  schneider : best hope is that coming , more moderate , generation can heal rift .
 commentary : we 'll be hearing from palin for a long time <sec> palin 's impulsive moves have yielded positive results in the past , continetti says .  he says speculations about her presidential ambitions are premature .  `` whatever she does will be noticed , '' continetti say .
 head of the field : christiane 's winning tradition <sec> christiane head is in charge of one france 's most famous racing dynasties .  head trained three troikas to the prix de l'arc de triomphe in her first season .  the 62-year-old 's brother rode three troikas and is now a trainer himsel .
 who wants to fly american airlines ? <sec> broken coffee pots and reading lights , torn seat pockets could be delaying flights .  more than 1,000 american flights have been canceled and 12,000 delayed in the past month .  some travel agents have started directing their customers away from american airline .
 richard iii : five things we 've learned since he was found <sec> skeleton of richard iii found under english parking lot in august 2012 .  remains have been examined and researched , yielding some surprising discoveries .  the king -- the last english monarch to die in battle -- will be reburied in leiceste .
 thailand extends curfew in capital , provinces <sec> new : thai government to extend curfew in bangkok for two more nights .  curfew was put in place on wednesday and was due to end on sunday .  hours of curfew will be shortened to 11 p.m. to 4 a.m in bangkok and some provinces .  curfew imposed after troops surged into area where anti-government protesters had amasse .
 competing mental health bills set up partisan showdown - cnnpolitics.com <sec> lawmakers have two bills tackling mental health in aftermath of santa barbara shooting .  such efforts have failed before and political experts doubt there 's much political will .  since congress has failed to act , states have enacted a number of gun reform laws .  families of victims , advocates frustrated by lack of federal actio .
 former champ alonso quits mclaren <sec> spain 's fernando alonso quits mclaren with two years left on his contract .  alonso was deposed as world champion after a controversial 2007 season .  the two-time world champion may return to former team renaul .
 newsquiz : week of april 15 <sec> use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student news .  write your answers in the space provided .  today 's newsquiz includes the media literacy question of the da .
 review : 'twisted metal ' delivers mindless mayhem <sec> game brings back familiar characters and a demolition-derby style of vehicular combat .  its cinematics are smartly done , with both live actors and animation .  `` twisted metal '' is exclusive to the playstation 3 consol .
 from dorm to prison cell : dzhokhar tsarnaev 's new digs <sec> dzhokhar tsarnaev is inside a 10-by-10-foot cell with a steel door and a slot for food .  he is able to speak and has been interacting with prison staff , a spokesman says .  the fbi searches a landfill near the suspect 's college campus .  as part of investigation , russian officials hand over wiretap of call discussing jiha .
 oscar pistorius leaves nightclub after dispute <sec> oscar pistorius is accused of murdering his girlfriend reeva steenkamp in february 2013 .  pistorius admits killing steenkamp but denies murder , saying he mistook her for an intruder .  he was involved in a dispute at a nightclub saturday , his spokeswoman says .  pistorius subsequently posted a series of tweets , his first activity on twitter since februar .
 new rutgers ad was named in 2008 sex discrimination lawsuit <sec> new : a louisville coach says hermann `` always put the student-athletes ' well-being first '' .  hermann was named in a lawsuit while at the university of louisville .  she was accused , along with others , of sexual discrimination .  some of her ex-players at tennessee accused her of `` mental cruelty .
 growing local-farm movement expanding to meat <sec> community-supported farms allow members to buy locally .  thousands of csas offer fruits and vegetables , but few sell meat .  members say they like health and environmental bonuses to buying local .  cost , location can limit community-supported farming , expert say .
 supreme court rules against police in drunk driving case <sec> case involved rights of suspect in missouri drunk driving case .  question was whether police needed a warrant before seeking a blood test .  decision will likely mean police may be required to adopt new guideline .
 sebastian vettel breaks ferrari hearts at monza <sec> sebastian vettel wins italian grand prix at monza .  sixth win of season for three-time defending champion .  fernando alonso finishes second for ferrari .  mark webber joins red bull teammate vettel on the podiu .
 no consensus in middle east on obama speech <sec> reaction pours in to obama 's arab spring speech .  rebels call obama 's speech `` positive for libya '' .  an egyptian viewer says reform needs `` a steady push '' .  a u.s. analyst calls the speech `` more timid than it needed to be .
 husband charged with murdering soldier wife <sec> new : soldier 's husband , cpl . .  john wimunc , charged with murder .  marine lance cpl . .  kyle alden charged with arson in connection with the crime .  authorities have been searching for 2nd lt. holley wimunc since july 1 .
 lawyer : leader of nigerian militants accepts amnesty offer <sec> henry okah , mend 's main arms smuggler , was arrested in september 2007 .  okah is accused of treason , terrorism and kidnapping .  lawyers , relatives say he needs kidney treatment not available in nigeri .
 jim carrey on films , depression and love <sec> jim carrey : projects always come into my life at the perfect time .  the actor says he likes comedy and drama equally .  `` i love jenny [ mccarthy ] very much , and we have a great relationship , '' he says .  carrey says he and mccarthy do n't plan to marr .
 june 2014 : echoes of june 1914 ? <sec> this week marks the centenary of the assassination in sarajevo of archduke franz ferdinand .  the assassination was a key trigger for the first world war , setting off a chain reaction .  today power is shifting from the global north to the south , writes andrew hammond .  he says key differences with the world of 1914 make a major power war unlikel .
 'house of cards ' creator beau willimon plays a solid hand <sec> netflix 's `` house of cards '' is up for nine emmys .  show 's creator , beau willimon , currently at work on season 2 .  `` cards '' follows the machinations of a congressman , francis underwood .  show has been a critical and popular succes .
 robin williams : a tribute to a special talent ( opinion ) <sec> gene seymour : robin williams ' death seems so implausible . .  how could he , of all people , stop ? .  he says williams was a force of nature who harnessed the voices in his head for comedy .  he says he was also a good -- sometimes great -- film actor . .  he empathized with his audience .  seymour : what on earth will it be like tomorrow without knowing he 's still around .
 top 10 hospitals in the united states <sec> johns hopkins hospital and massachusetts general hospital are ranked no . .  1 and no . .  2 .  report evaluates more than 5,000 medical centers across the country .  md anderson cancer center in houston ranked no . .  1 for cancer treatmen .
 u.s. sens . mccain , graham arrive in egypt amid ongoing crisis <sec> new : mccain and graham have arrived in cairo .  egypt has been embroiled in chaos since morsy was ousted in a coup last month .  a longtime ally of the u.s. , egypt gets $ 1.3 billion in military aid a year .  the u.s. helps egypt because it 's one of two arab countries that made peace with israe .
 why do we pay politicians for no results ? <sec> bob greene : if you hired people to fix your furnace and they could n't agree , you 'd fire them .  he says similarly , government officials , whose salaries we pay , must show results .  he says only in politics can people get paid for fighting among themselves .  greene : citizens can be forgiven for feeling they are a pawn in politicians ' gam .
 india launches first moon mission <sec> new : chandrayaan-1 is carrying payloads from the u.s. , eu and bulgaria .  two-year mission seeks high-resolution , 3-d imaging of the moon 's surface .  chandrayaan-1 follows japan and china 's missions to the moon .  chandrayaan means `` moon craft '' in ancient sanskri .
 cnn s.c. insider survey : 'it 's like a darned soap opera ' <sec> cnn asked 42 south carolina gop insiders about saturday 's primary .  surveys taken both before and after rick perry 's withdrawal from race .  romney and gingrich are in a close race , the group says , closer since perry lef .
 old arguments drive modern-day taboos , pain <sec> disagreement over events in 1915 continue to divide turks and armenians .  armenians say one million were killed in genocide .  turks reject claim that their forebears were involved in genocid .
 chris brown and rihanna record duet <sec> music producer says chris brown and rihanna recorded a duet this week .  charges have been filed against brown in an alleged assault against rihanna .  media reports say the couple has reconciled , but neither has confirmed .  brown withdrew his nominations for two nickelodeon kids ' choice award .
 `` i messed up , '' netflix ceo says <sec> ceo promises to regain custromers ' trust .  dvd-by-mail service will change name to `` qwikster '' .  movie streaming service will keep `` netflix '' moniker .  customers who want mail delivery and streaming service will have to subscribe to bot .
 q & a ; : japan 's 'zuckerberg ' on his own success <sec> yoshikazu tanaka is billionaire founder of mobile games company , gree .  the company is valued at $ 7 billion ; personal wealth $ 2.2 billion .  tanaka is often compared to facebook founder mark zuckerber .
 robert mugabe : african liberator , former knight , aging ruler <sec> he was once called a liberation hero , but rights groups now accuse him of abuses .  mugabe became a household name during a guerrilla war against white colonial rulers .  he was zimbabwe 's prime minister in 1980 , then its president seven years later .  survey last year showed his party regaining popularit .
 opinion : why we must now sue president obama <sec> speaker john boehner says president obama has circumvented congress with his executive actions .  he plans on filing suit against the president this month .  boehner : the president has not faithfully executed the laws as he was sworn to d .
 former tbs executive robert wussler dies at 73 <sec> robert wussler , a pioneering television news executive who helped build tbs and cnn , dies at 73 .  wussler won seven emmy awards covering major stories of his era with cbs .  wussler was instrumental in helping ted turner create the goodwill games .  at cbs sports , wussler created `` the nfl today '' pre-game sho .
 'pocket calls ' burden 911 responders in new york <sec> nearly 4 million apparently accidental calls were made to emergency call centers in 2010 .  that 's more than one-third of some 11 million emergency calls made in new york each year .  authorities say it is an increased burden on emergency response system .
 nadal on course for eighth barcelona title <sec> rafa nadal beats milos raonic to reach barcelona open final .  spaniard will face compatriot nicolas almagro in sunday 's final .  maria sharapova will play li na in final of wta event in stuttgar .
 dressing up in dallas <sec> jaclyn welch 's street style blog shines the spotlight on dallas ' flashy fashion .  rather than cowboy boots , dallas women dress in designer duds for every occasion .  neiman marcus and forty five ten contribute to the designer scene in dalla .
 # freedomday : south africans unite to celebrate <sec> south africa marks 21 years since the first free election .  nation celebrates amid recent violent attack on immigrant .
 africa achievements : top 5 ways the continent shone in 2012 <sec> this year saw three african women take on key leadership roles .  the number of middle-class africans is rising .  somalia formed a government in 2012 , and ghana 's presidential election was peaceful .  zambia won its first african cup of nations , nearly two decades after a tragic plane cras .
 reid puts gop in a bind over romney 's taxes <sec> senate majority leader reid says mitt romney went 10 years without paying taxes .  republicans push back against reid 's unsubstantiated claims , calling him a liar .  gop sources say they know they 're playing into reid 's hands by responding but feel they must .  reid often pulls no punches when going after an opponent , especially one he dislike .
 cnn student news - march 17 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 cirque du soleil shocks beijing audience with tiananmen 'tank man ' pic <sec> cirque du soleil shocked a beijing audience by screening an image of `` tank man '' .  the politically-charged image of the sole protester defying tanks in tiananmen is banned in china .  the troupe says the show 's content was approved ahead of time by chinese censors .  it has removed the image from its remaining chinese performance .
 russian star kleybanova diagnosed with form of cancer <sec> russian tennis player alisa kleybanova reveals she has a form of cancer .  the 22-year-old is undergoing treatment in italy for hodgkin 's lymphoma .  the world number 28 has won two wta tour titles during her caree .
 third migrant survived mexico massacre , el salvador 's president says <sec> the third survivor , who is from el salvador , is now in the united states .  salvadoran president says his testimony could help authorities crack the case .  authorities are still identifying the remains of the 72 migrants kille .
 typhoon haiyan : could man on tape be tacloban patriarch of 30 missing ? <sec> elderly man seen on filipino news channel could be missing uncle .  daisy nemeth 's sister saw him in a quick shot during a news report , posted online .  nemeth has been looking for 30 members of her family missing since the typhoon hit tacloban .  nothing was heard from them for days after super typhoon haiyan hit on frida .
 ntsb says train detection system failed in days before d.c. crash <sec> officials earlier said track circuit had been repaired june 17 , five days before crash .  in update , ntsb says that after repair , circuit periodically lost `` ability to detect trains '' .  it 's not clear if operators were aware of problem before accident , ntsb says .  since crash , trains have been operated manually , ntsb has run tests at crash sit .
 tunisia museum attack victims ' bodies returned home <sec> the bodies of four italian tourists killed in tunis are returned to italy .  the uncle and cousin of one of the suspected gunmen say they had no idea he had been radicalize .
 united arab emirates to try 94 accused of trying to seize power <sec> new : most of the suspects were detained in september and are only now being charged .  government accuses them of meeting in secret , using social media to stir unrest .  some arrested are allegedly part of al-islah ; government links them to muslim brotherhood .  some group members say they 're activists , but distance themselves from other group .
 blair : global economic fallout is nation 's major threat <sec> national intelligence chief says global crisis could destabilize foreign governments .  dennis blair says such instability could foster terrorist activities .  blair notes success in turning muslim public opinion against extremist groups .  blair says international pressure is main way to get iran to drop nuclear military plan .
 vick to speak to high school students about dogfighting <sec> vick will be joined president and ceo of the humane society .  he will share his story and talk about speaking out against animal cruelty .  vick spent almost two years in prison for dogfighting charge .
 5 u.s. contractors face iraqi legal process <sec> five detained american contractors appear in iraqi court monday , official says .  none has been charged ; in iraqi system , judge will decide whether case goes to trial .  critics say iraqi court system fails to provide `` due process and fair trials '' .  the five are being held in connection with death of another contractor , sources sa .
 10 historic winter olympic wonderlands <sec> winter olympics venues past offer speed thrills to less competitive visitors .  the st. moritz-celerina bobsleigh run is sometimes open to guest riders .  take an evening lantern hike in innsbruck , austria , for a more leisurely downhill experienc .
 5 takeaways from jeb bush emails - cnnpolitics.com <sec> bush personally responds to hundreds of constituent emails and personally answering job applicants .  he also takes a casual approach with plenty of smileys and expressions like `` chill out '' and `` my bad '' .  the emails also show he 's remained consistent on cuba , and is n't a big campaign finance reform advocate .  and the emails give some insight into the conservative backlash he could face in a 2016 gop primar .
 iconic greyhound bus on track for uk launch <sec> greyhound lines to run services from london to portsmouth and southampton .  buses are glitzier and more luxurious than u.s. services .  greyhound lines is owned by british transport company firstgrou .
