 dhs fight hits home in border town - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the political battle in washington has real economic implications for mcallen , texas .  the border town is home to people who depend on their paychecks from their homeland security job .
 escaped chinese activist in u.s. embassy , friend says <sec> a fellow activist says chen is 'under u.s. protection ' with talks under way on his status .  actor and supporter christian bale urges china to free chen 's family .  a u.s. embassy spokesman declines to answer questions about him .  the blind activist flees to beijing after being under house arrest for more than 18 month .
 mayweather to fight ortiz in september <sec> floyd mayweather announces he is to fight victor ortiz on september 17 .  mayweather has been in retirement since defeating shane mosley in may 2010 .  24-year-old ortiz is the current wbc welterweight champio .
 president : tuareg fighters from libya stoke violence in mali <sec> the nomadic tuaregs are spread across several countries .  some fought for former libyan strongman moammar gadhafi .  many have now returned to mali , forcing thousands to flee , the president say .
 residents in path of rapidly growing idaho fire urged to get out <sec> new : beaver creek fire is 9 % contained , up from 6 % earlier saturday .  mandatory evacuations ordered for 2,200 homes , fire officials say .  `` take your essential belongings and pets and go now , '' says sheriff 's office .  the towns of hailey and ketchum are among those affecte .
 bernard tomic : tennis ' tainted talent ? <sec> bernard tomic is australia 's top men 's hope at the first grand slam of 2014 .  the former junior world no . .  1 has previously excelled in melbourne event .  but tomic and his dad have more often than not made headlines for the wrong reasons .  john tomic received suspended sentence for assaulting son 's ex-hitting partne .
 japan budgets nearly $ 49 billion for post-disaster reconstruction <sec> last month 's monster quake spawned a tsunami and left nearly 28,000 people dead or missing .  prime minister : japan must renew the determination of post-world war ii reconstruction .  the disaster relief fund will pay for rebuilding , cleanup and debris removal .  japan is budgeting $ 49 billion for reconstructio .
 'crazy turtle woman ' transforms graveyard into maternity ward <sec> suzan lakhan baptiste helped end leatherback turtle slaughter in her community .  her nonprofit nature seekers promotes turtle conservation throughout the caribbean .  the group 's efforts contribute to eco-tourism in the area .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open at cnn.com/heroe .
 u.s. official : syrian cw list more complete than anticipated <sec> u.s. officials are surprised and encouraged by the list 's completeness , an official says .  iranian president hassan rouhani says he can help bring peace to syria .  syria 's opposition fires back , says it does not consider him an independent broker .  iran is a long-time ally to syri .
 eminem rules chart , ray lamontagne hits no . 3 <sec> `` recovery '' sold another 116,000 copies to claim no . .  1 for the seventh week .  recovery now has the most weeks at no . .  1 for a hip-hop album since 2003 .  iron maiden scored their best-ever chart performance at no . .
 european voters revolt against austerity , cuts <sec> political leaders who supported austerity , cuts suffer election defeats across europe .  anti-austerity votes seen in france , greece , uk , italy and even germany .  far-right , far-left and protest groups do well .  but whoever is in power austerity seems to remain the key economic polic .
 deadly suicide attack during play at kabul school <sec> a german national has been killed in the attack , a kabul police spokesman says .  a suicide bomber detonates explosives during a play called `` silence after the explosion '' .  the attack occurred inside a french-funded high school in central kabul .  the taliban claim responsibility for the attack , a spokesman say .
 exiled haiti president 'ready to return ' <sec> aristide tells reporters gathered in johannesburg that he 's ready to return to haiti .  he was forced from office in 2004 by a violent uprising and has been living in exile in south africa .  said he and his wife were ready to leave johannesburg as soon as today .  a massive rescue effort is under way to find and treat survivors of tuesday 's earthquak .
 qualcomm facts <sec> the company has become a huge name in communications in just 20 years .  qualcomm has a portfolio of approximately 6,100 u.s. patents .  fortune lists the company as one of the 100 best places to work in the u.s .
 'american idol ' finalist michael johns dead at 35 <sec> the one-time `` american idol '' finalist was 35 .  he died due to a blood clot , according to reports .  simon cowell and randy jackson tweet condolence .
 all passengers survive train cars falling into a river in china <sec> new : all passengers got out alive .  floods caused the bridge piers to collapse , forcing the train from its track .  the train was traveling from shaanxi to yunnan provinc .
 west ham vow to ban fans found guilty of anti-semitic chanting <sec> west ham united vow life bans for any fans found guilty of inappropriate chanting .  away supporters alleged to have aimed anti-semitic chants at tottenham fans .  english football association confirm they are to launch an investigation .  west ham ban one season ticket holder after he was cautioned by polic .
 tsa : screeners find 4-5 guns on a typical day <sec> tsa administrator john pistole gives update on `` behavior detection '' .  travel industry still concerned about checkpoint congestion .  tsa : more than 900 weapons have been recovered at checkpoints this yea .
 centuries-old ship at ground zero likely from philly <sec> scientists say hull found at the wtc site likely originated from a forest in the philadelphia area .  vessel likely built around 1773 and believed to have been a `` hudson river sloop '' ship .  scientists analyzed and compared tree-rings on wood from the ship with wood samples to determine probable age .  ship 's hull was found by archeologists at ground zero site in july 201 .
 air tested for toxic fumes after north dakota train crash , fire <sec> crews are testing the air near casselton , north dakota .  they are testing for any toxic fumes .  a train wreck on monday created an oil fir .
 clear for landing ? testing runway readiness <sec> port authority chief : runway was just plowed , other pilots reported `` good braking action '' .  the ntsb is sending people to new york 's laguardia airport to investigat .
 welcome to the most christmassy places on the planet <sec> cnn picks ten top destinations in which to spend christmas around the world .  lapland , new york and amsterdam all offer their very own take on the christmas holiday experience .  mexico , the philippines and ethiopia offer a warmer , but no less cultural , alternativ .
 'mr . president , what should i tell cleared prisoners in guantanamo ? ' <sec> an attorney for 14 men in guantanamo bay says obama 's broken promises have weighed heavily on all the detainees .  obama said -- again -- that this is the year he intends to close the detention center at guantanamo bay .  50 percent of guantanamo bay inmates are told : `` you are cleared to leave , but you can not go , '' clive stafford smith say .
 ted cruz : no republican wants a government shutdown <sec> ted cruz : `` only person ... who wants a shutdown is president obama '' .  texas senator said congress should threaten to block obama 's nominees .  congress should also withhold funds to halt the executive action , cruz sai .
 did rehab fail mccready ? <sec> anne fletcher : tragedies similar to mindy mccready 's addiction and death happen often .  fletcher went to 15 rehab programs and found one-size-fits-all addiction treatment .  she found lack of one-on-one counseling and no integrated mental health treatments .  standards for certification of addiction counselors woefully inadequat .
 surrogate mom vows to take care of 'abandoned ' twin <sec> australian couple leave twin with down syndrome with surrogate mother .  21-year-old thai surrogate says she was asked to abort the baby at seven months .  father tells australian media that couple was n't told about the female baby .  internet campaign raised more than $ 200,000 for child 's car .
 taliban claim responsibility for kabul suicide blast <sec> new : nato 's international security assistance force condemns the attack .  the bombing , which also was near the u.s. embassy , injures 39 .  women and children were among the casualties .  the bombing comes as the taliban have stepped up the fight against the coalitio .
 twitter sues u.s. government over national security data <sec> twitter sues justice department for restrictions on what it can say about data requests .  company says it wants to release more details about scope of u.s. government surveillanc .
 diana nyad 's jellyfish-proof face mask <sec> diana nyad wore a custom-made silicone face mask to protect her against jellyfish stings .  box jellyfish , common to waters off florida , contain toxic venom that can stun or kill prey .  the mask was developed by stefan knauss , a california prosthetics expert .  people joked about the mask 's scary look on twitte .
 crooked guard led to aid workers ' kidnapping in somalia , group says <sec> new : danish refugee council official says bribed guard made kidnapping possible .  aid workers jessica buchanan and poul thisted are at a u.s. base in sicily .  the reintegration process will help the two readjust to normal life , the u.s. military says .  they were freed in a daring rescue by u.s. special operations troops in somali .
 organized labor launches 'koch sisters ' campaign <sec> `` sisters '' are the faces of an afl-cio campaign to contrast with the koch brothers .  the koch brothers have spent millions to support conservative causes .  democrats hoping to exploit advantage they have among women in key race .
 mugabe hosts lavish party despite national crisis <sec> mugabe 's zanu-pf raised $ 250,000 in order to hold the party .  new : at party mugabe said controversial land reform would not be reversed .  prime minister morgan tsvangirai turned down invitation to party , official said .  zimbabwe is struggling to cope with a cholera epidemic due to funding shortage .
 business is booming for psychic career counselor <sec> sue frederick uses her `` intuition '' to help clients find their true career path .  she charges clients $ 250 an hour and usually consults by phone .  `` i help people first see the big picture , then i bring it down to ... baby steps , '' she says .  frederick says business is booming ; she is booked through the end of the yea .
 volcano 's toll rises to 273 dead in indonesia <sec> the toll keeps rising as rescuers search for victims .  mount merapi 's recent eruptions began on october 26 .  the government 's volcano alert level remains at its highest level .  the worst might be over , though , officials sa .
 pakistan under martial law <sec> new : president musharraf orders troops to take a television station 's equipment .  pakistani opposition leader imran khan says he 's under house arrest .  president musharraf says his actions are for the good of the country .  white house calls musharraf 's emergency declaration `` disappointing .
 hbo go crashes under heavy 'game of thrones ' demand <sec> hbo go crashed for many during sunday 's `` game of thrones '' season premiere .  service was restored by early monday morning .  some speculated that nonsubscribers were part of the proble .
 ambassador to libya may be replaced over leaked cables , official says <sec> ambassador gene cretz filed colorful cables regarding moammar gadhafi .  officials are evaluating `` his ability to serve our interests , '' a senior u.s. official says .  the libyans have `` expressed concerns , '' the official say .
 5 games to watch from comic-con <sec> several large hollywood studios did n't participate this year , leaving room for gaming .  more publishers used comic-con to debut new titles .  spartacus legends is first console game based on `` spartacus '' tv series world .  epic games debuted its first unreal engine 4 game , `` fortnite , '' during a pane .
 breast cancer patients advised to consider options <sec> women are n't getting all breast cancer treatment options , some advocates say .  expert : weigh all options ; get second opinion ; make no decisions in the first visit .  there 's time to explore options : `` breast cancer is not a medical emergency '' .  organizations like breast cancer network of strength can help educate patient .
 opinion : gop 's self-destructive approach on obamacare <sec> house republicans voted to delay affordable care act 's individual health care mandate .  julian zelizer : gop risks fissures as obamacare benefits become clear to americans .  he says gop governors are at odds with legislators over aspects of the law .  zelizer : uncompromising stance on health care is bad strategy for go .
 only a miracle can save sarkozy <sec> dominique moisi : the french dislike sarkozy , and hollande is sure to win the presidency .  hollande is a social democrat , but 20 % of the nation voted for the extreme right .  hollande 's success shows a need to address the economic inequality in france , he writes .  moisi : hollande 's success also signals disaffection with european austerity policie .
 last surviving u.s. world war i vet honored by president <sec> world war i veteran set sail on same ship used in rescue mission of titanic .  frank buckles honored by president bush , defense secretary robert gates .  buckles was also held as civilian pow in the philippines during world war ii .  he still has a tin cup he ate from for more than three years of captivit .
 'the walking dead ' : bite into the new season <sec> `` the walking dead '' returns as the no . .  1 scripted show on tv .  executive producer gale anne hurd previews the show 's fourth season .  daryl dixon fans will not be disappointed , hurd say .
 ncaa eases penn state sanctions <sec> sanctions against penn state mostly revolved around alleged cover-up by officials .  school was sanctioned over its handling of jerry sandusky child sex abuse scandal . .  athletics integrity monitor recommended gradual restoration of scholarships .  other sanctions remain , including a post-season ban and a $ 60 million fin .
 federal prosecutors bring tax charges against leader of anti-government group <sec> the defendant heads a group that calls itself the republic for the united states of america .  authorities describe it as a `` soverign citizens '' group .  the group rejects the authority of the government and paying taxes .  turner is facing a 10-count indictment for alleged tax crime .
 dying girl 's christmas wish granted by 10,000 carolers <sec> laney brown , 8 , has leukemia and doctors say she will die soon .  she asked to meet singer taylor swift and to hear christmas carolers at her home .  on friday she had a video chat with swift .  saturday night , for one hour , people packed the street and serenaded he .
 bowe bergdahl 's hometown uneasy about his status <sec> bergdahl , held captive in afghanistan , has been free since may .  people in his idaho hometown worked to publicize him while he was hostage .  but his freedom came with questions and town mayor says it 's time to move o .
 olympic 2012 : sailing federation hit by legal row <sec> windsurfing made its olympic debut in 1984 for men and 1992 for women .  in may 2012 it was announced that kiteboarding would replace windsurfing in the olympics .  the international rs : x class association calls the decision `` perverse and unfair .
 police : recovered items link slain suspect to s.c. killings <sec> items found with burris appear to have `` come from the victims , '' official says .  north carolina authorities shot patrick burris on monday .  burris suspected in five slayings in gaffney , south carolin .
 guatemalan mother seeks 'stolen ' daughter 's return from u.s . <sec> the mother has given various accounts of how the child disappeared .  the 7-year-old girl is at the center of an international custody dispute .  the u.s. state department says the case should be settled in u.s. state court .
 natasha 's lesson helps save ohio girl <sec> richardson 's death raises question : when should you go to er after head injury ? .  dizziness , vomiting , headache and confusion are all red flags .  take special care if person is on blood thinners or is elderly .  doc : `` sometimes there 's a gray zone , and there 's no right answer . .
 fawcett 's family and friends say goodbye <sec> court order allows son redmond o'neal out of jail for to attend funeral .  service at los angeles church is private and closed to the media .  family gives no details about eulogy or how many people were invited .  o'neal was arrested in september on drug charges during a probation searc .
 cdc : 5 things cause two-thirds of u.s. deaths <sec> heart disease , cancer and lung disease are among the top five u.s. killers .  those five cause nearly two-thirds of deaths in the country .  new data suggest about a third of those can be prevented .  `` we need to act on what we know , '' says cdc directo .
 south carolina dmv says no makeup for license ; boy sues <sec> gender nonconforming teen files federal lawsuit against the south carolina dmv .  dmv employee asked teen to remove makeup before photo , lawsuit says .  lawsuit alleges teen was sexually discriminated against .  dmv says it has a policy specifying requirements for photograph .
 will schumer bring on new democratic era ? <sec> harry reid wants chuck schumer to succeed him as senate minority leader .  errol louis : but some on left want to block schumer 's rise to leadership post .  louis says schumer is tuned into middle-class voters , could create new democratic er .
 swimmers fall ill at commonwealth games <sec> a dozen australian swimmers have been sickened .  they are reporting a higher percentage of diarrhea than other athletes .  pool water has tested clean , a games official said on condition of anonymity .  organizers are exploring what else could have sickened the athlete .
 richard glatzer , director of 'still alice , ' dies <sec> richard glatzer , who co-directed `` still alice , '' has died .  he had been battling als for four year .
 secret revealed : ohio woman unknowingly married father <sec> valerie spruill , 60 , found out her husband was her father in 2004 .  spruill 's husband-father died in 1998 at the age of 60 .  spruill learned the family secret from an uncle .  a dna test on hair taken from a brush proved the clai .
 fbi : 'granddad bandit ' suspect arrested in louisiana <sec> new : tip led to arrest of bank robbery suspect .  michael f. mara , 52 , currently charged with one count of robbery .  authorities say the `` granddad bandit '' is responsible for some two dozen bank robberies .  suspect was arrested at his home in louisiana on wednesda .
 a bloodier dracula rises again <sec> `` dracula the un-dead '' written by bram stoker 's descendant dacre .  vampire tale is more overtly violent , sexy than the 1897 original .  book has prompted good reviews , handful of bitter purists .  jack the ripper , bram himself incorporated into new stor .
 man in missing girl case sought in connection with wife 's slaying <sec> 8-year-old relisha tenau rudd disappeared last week from a homeless shelter .  she was last seen with a man whose wife was later found dead at a maryland motel .  an arrest warrant was issued for kahlil malik tatum .  authorities also have issued an amber alert for rud .
 gaming preview 2012 : from playstation vita to 'halo 4 ' <sec> vita will hit north american , european shores in february after a japanese launch .  later in 2012 , nintendo will be releasing their next generation console called wii u .  `` final fantasy xiii-2 '' returns players to cocoon in search of lightnin .
 maryland man who called himself 'joker ' still being evaluated <sec> investigators have no information guns acquired illegally , official says .  incident comes in the wake of last friday 's massacre in aurora , colorado .  the man calls himself a `` joker , '' police sai .
 autistic children linked to same sperm donor <sec> gwenyth jackaway never imagined donor could pass autism genetically to son .  her son , dylan , two other kids connected to donor-x are autistic .  expert says genetic component , environmental trigger linked to autism .  since autism discovery , donor x samples are no longer available for reproductio .
