 review : take a vacation from 'couples retreat ' <sec> `` couples retreat '' stars , was co-written by vince vaughn and jon favreau .  plot concerns couples who head for a vacation in bora bora , issues in tow .  movie offers some nice scenery , but it 's lazy with the laughs and plot .  most of the movie focuses on male half of couple .
 football bucks the trend as europe 's richest get richer <sec> real madrid named europe 's top-earning team for the seventh year in a row .  real head archrivals barcelona at the top of the deloitte football money league .  english champions manchester united are third , with germany 's bayern munich fourth .  in total , the 20 clubs on the list generated $ 5.8 billion during the 2010/11 seaso .
 6 killed in pakistan as muslims burn christian homes <sec> fighting broke out as muslims torched 40 to 50 houses in christian enclave .  muslims enraged over an alleged desecration of quran at a christian wedding .  muslims burned 15 christian homes on thursday .  pakistan predominantly muslim , but has a small christian communit .
 desperate yemenis flee saudi airstrikes by boat <sec> amina ali qassim 's family sought shelter in a mosque before fleeing yemen .  thousands like them are boarding boats to sail to djibouti .  saudi arabia has been pounding yemen in a bid to defeat houthi rebel .
 bloomberg to spend $ 50 million to challenge nra on gun safety <sec> the gun control group will focus on electing gun safety advocates to office .  everytown for gun safety will become the umbrella for other gun control groups .  the effort will target 15 states .  moms and voters are the key outreach demographi .
 mystery rock spotted on mars <sec> a mysterious rock , shaped and sized like a doughnut , has appeared on mars .  the rover opportunity is studying the rock .  rock appeared in photo , 12 days after previous photo showed no rock .  opportunity has been exploring mars since january 200 .
 smithsonian exhibit pays homage to lincoln <sec> national museum of american history exhibit honors abraham lincoln .  exhibit is part of smithsonian institution 's bicentennial celebration of lincoln 's birth .  show brings together `` all of the museum 's best lincoln objects , '' curator says .  among objects on display are lincoln 's hat , suit , coffee cup , pocket watc .
 gary coleman 's dad : he put us out to pasture <sec> no one called parents before ending actor 's life support , they say .  dad : no anger toward coleman 's ex-wife .  old letters give comfort to parent .
 the mysterious disappearance of hussein harmoush <sec> harmoush was the self-styled leader of a rebellion of mutinous soldiers against the syrian government .  he was last seen in september on syrian television .  in that appearance he recanted his support for the opposition .  his wife says she does not know if she is a wife or a wido .
 presidential politics : why ohio is the 'big one ' <sec> as goes ohio , so goes the nation : ohio has n't voted for loser since 1960 .  obama has spent $ 57 million in ads ; romney has spent $ 34 million .  latest cnn poll of polls shows obama with a razor-thin margin .  professor says getting out the base will be ke .
 they killed their neighbors : genocide 's foot soldiers <sec> genocide 's foot soldiers were neighbors of those they tortured and killed .  many ordinary people are manipulated into participating , researchers say .  architects of genocide use group identity , mob mentality to execute their plan .  other tools include propaganda and dehumanizatio .
 the runaway gravy train : the rise and rise of soccer salaries ? <sec> exorbitant wages paid to europe 's top footballers set to keep on soaring .  barcelona star lionel messi is the biggest earner , making $ 47 million in 2009 .  uefa introducing new rules to help curb club 's mounting debts thanks largely to salaries .  football finance expert says as long as economies continue to grow so will players ' wage .
 american apparel settles woody allen suit for $ 5 million <sec> woody allen 's image was used by american apparel without his authorization .  allen sued ; insurance company made decision to settle , ceo says .  american apparel had used image of allen from `` annie hall '' to promote product .
 iraq bombings meant to target summit security , militant group says <sec> the islamic state of iraq is an al qaeda front group .  the group says it was targeting security plans for the arab league summit .  more violence flares across baghdad wednesday .  at least 45 are dead after the wave of bombs on the 9th anniversary of the invasio .
 swim club offers olive branch after racism allegations <sec> suburban philadelphia club invites kids at largely minority day care to come back .  lawyer for creative steps says the day care will give offer `` due consideration '' .  some club members accused of making racist comments to black , hispanic kids .  valley club said it had revoked pool privileges out of crowding , safety concern .
 tunisia terror attack undercuts hopes of arab spring <sec> tunisia was widely seen as only success story of arab spring .  economic progress has lagged behind democratic principles .  terror has been percolating in the region for a while , stoked by regional unres .
 scottish independence : uk leaders promise new powers <sec> leaders of the three main uk parties give scotland a joint promise of extra powers .  voters will go to the polls thursday to decide on independence for scotland .  prime minister david cameron begs scotland to stay , says it 's a `` once-and-for-all decision '' .  pro-independence chief alex salmond says scottish people want their future in their hand .
 career advice from iconic leaders <sec> colin powell : preparation , hard work and learning from failure is way to success .  albert einstein : `` logic will get you from a to z ; imagination will get you everywhere '' .  mark twain : `` keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions .
 'monsters ' promotes girl power , friend power <sec> `` monsters vs. aliens '' is about motley group of misfits who team up to defeat alien .  monsters are led by almost 50-foot woman , voiced by reese witherspoon .  witherspoon says she hopes character can be role model for girls .  other actors lending talents : seth rogen , kiefer sutherland , will arnet .
 injured essien named in ghana 's provisional world cup squad <sec> ghana captain michael essien included in 30-man provisional world cup squad despite injury .  new ivory coast boss sven-goran eriksson makes no surprises in his selection .  cameroon defender rigobert song the chance to appear at his fourth world cup .  nigeria striker nwankwo kanu in contention to earn his third world cup appearanc .
 2014 : the year ahead in air travel <sec> the ugliest projection for 2014 ? .  tighter seating .  burning january issue : boeing 's decision on where to build its new 777x .  airbus may begin phasing out a350-800 .  planned for service in september 2014 , bombardier 's cseries will likely be delaye .
 norwegian islander ferries children to safety <sec> kasper ilaug was watching tv on an island near oslo when he heard news of the bombing .  he took a boat to nearby utoya island , where he picked up children hiding alongshore .  he calls his efforts nothing special , saying norwegians are `` calm '' and `` grounded .
 ibrahimovic goal settles milan derby ; bayern move up to sixth <sec> zlatan ibrahimovic penalty settles milan derby in san siro .  ac milan return to the top in serie a with the victory over inter .  mario gomez scores twice as bayern munich beat nuremberg 3-0 in bundeslig .
 is it ok to let your child fail ? <sec> in 'brutally honest ' series , kelly wallace tackles provocative parenting questions .  an article on why parents should let their children fail went viral in january 2013 .  studies : helicopter parenting can lead to more depressed and less confident adult .
 4 online services to satisfy your vanity <sec> the web allows everyone to be the shining star in their very own drama/comedy .  on three words , friends anonymously describe users in ( yep ) three words .  quora is a nifty little social question-and-answer sit .
 letter : fidel castro supports talks with u.s <sec> in communist newspaper , fidel castro endorses diplomatic talks , but he also expresses misgiving about u.s . .  last month the united states and cuba agreed to discuss normalizing relations .  u.s. , cuban diplomats met last week in havana to talk about re-establishing embassie .
 cnn student news transcript : may 3 , 2011 <sec> look back at the history of terrorist acts linked to osama bin laden .  follow the intelligence trail that led to pakistan and bin laden 's death .  see and hear some of the reaction to bin laden 's death from around the u.s . .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 n.y. governor names clinton successor <sec> new : clinton calls kirsten gillibrand `` an intelligent and dedicated public servant '' .  `` i believe i have found the best candidate , '' governor says .  `` i aspire to follow in her footsteps , '' kirsten gillibrand says of clinton .  gillibrand defeated longtime republican congressman in 200 .
 after apollo : do we need to go back to the moon ? <sec> children 's magazines of the 1970s imagined moon bases that were expected to be built .  only 12 people have walked on the lunar surface and none since 1972 .  nasa says it is focused on sending humans to mars in the 2030s .  there have been huge technological leaps and space discoveries in the last 40 year .
 number of syrian refugees in lebanon passes 1 million , u.n. says <sec> u.n. staff in lebanon register 2,500 new syrian refugees every day .  the refugees now make up almost a quarter of the resident population .  `` for lebanon ... the impact is staggering , '' a u.n. official says .  lebanon has the highest per capita concentration of refugees in the worl .
 mars panorama shows curiosity 's prime target <sec> a 360-degree color panorama of gale crater includes mount sharp .  the peak is the mars rover curiosity 's prime target .  the rover performed `` flawlessly '' on its third day on mars , controllers sa .
 finland in mourning after fatal school shooting <sec> new : finland holds national day of mourning .  teen gunman is dead , finnish police say .  eight people , including headmistress , shot at finnish school , say police .  shooting appeared to have been planned in series of youtube video .
 best affordable island hotels <sec> amelia island combines the tropical lushness of florida with southern charm .  copamarina occupies prime oceanfront real estate on puerto rico 's southern coast .  catch glimpses of the faraglioni rocks from the terrace at la tosca in capr .
 stage collapse victims sue sugarland <sec> sugarland had `` ultimate '' control over the stage , victims ' lawsuit says .  seven people died , more than 40 were hurt when stage collapsed on fans .  the suit includes families of four of the seven people who died from the stage collapse .  sugarland 's representative said the group would offer no comment about the lawsui .
 teen 's death shows horror of flu epidemic <sec> doctor says her medical group has seen more patients than expected .  shannon zwanziger , 17 , seemed perfectly healthy , got the flu and died within a week .  cdc officially declares a flu epidemic and says 15 children have die .
 obama a marker on post-racial path <sec> donna brazile : black history month themed crossroads , `` tied to two pivotal u.s. events .  emancipation proclamation , march on washington were crossroads , she says .  she says crossroad decisions are threaded along u.s. road to post-racial society .  brazile : we 're not there yet , but re-election of obama a harbinge .
 stephen colbert 's got sway <sec> roy peter clark says stephen colbert is heir to social comment tradition of orwell , huxley .  comedian 's sway is so great , he says , he 's testifying in character on immigration to congress .  he says colbert ( and beck too ) knows americans find `` truth '' through own ideological lens .  clark : but colbert uses power of satire to shine disinfecting light on language of scoundrel .
 potential jurors asked about child sex video <sec> chester arthur stiles faces 22 felony counts in connection with sex tape .  tape showed girl younger than 3 being sexually assaulted .  tape surfaced years after alleged assault .  potential jurors know about case , have strong feelings about i .
 lady gaga first artist with one billion online video views <sec> visible measures curates a list called the `` 100 million club '' .  lady gaga is the first franchise to reach one billion views .  `` poker face '' had 374,606,128 views ; `` just dance '' had 272,941,67 .
 senate math seems impossible to some democrats <sec> democrats are on defense in seven key senate races .  they are all but sure to lose three seats where democrats are retiring .  some democrats privately admit it is going to be very difficult for them to keep control of the senat .
 airline defends training of pilot involved in fatal crash <sec> continental connection flight 3407 crashed near buffalo in february ; 50 people died .  wall street journal report says pilot did n't have hands-on flight-simulator training .  colgan air says marvin renslow got faa-required classroom instruction .  colgan , operator of flight , also insists pilot fatigue was n't a factor in cras .
 condemnation mounts after deadly guinea political protest <sec> new : guinean government says most victims were crushed in the crowd .  united nations , citing media reports , said at least 58 people died .  african union expressed its `` grave concern '' about the situatio .
 arizona county gives wrong election date in spanish voter cards <sec> about 50 of the incorrect cards were handed out , maricopa county says .  the mistake has been corrected , according to county officials .  there is a long-running controversy between local authorities and latino residents .  hispanic groups have accused county officials of discriminatio .
 top solar panel maker goes bankrupt <sec> suntech power holdings has said its main subsidiary in china is bankrupt .  until recently suntech was the world 's largest producer of solar panels .  stark illustration of the declining fortunes of the global solar industr .
 hollywood , bollywood sign cooperation pact <sec> leaders from the two huge film industries met in los angeles .  they signed a pact to collaborate on various areas of film making .  expert : the agreement is partly an effort by los angeles to replace lost film busines .
 cancer survivors : mixed feelings on armstrong <sec> lance armstrong is still an inspiration for some cancer survivors .  others are angry at armstrong but still support his livestrong foundation .  some say livestrong wristbands are `` tainted '' by armstron .
 minister : disputed ivory coast leader rejects threat , wo n't step down <sec> the ivory coast 's laurent gbagbo will not step down , his foreign minister says .  the official dismisses as unlikely a threat by west african leaders to use force against gbagbo .  on friday , that group said it may have `` no alternative '' but to use `` legitimate force '' .  the international community has called gbagbo illegitimate and accused his forces of abuse .
 egyptian premier league is canceled <sec> this season 's egyptian premier league has been officially canceled by the egypt fa .  the league was suspended following the death of over 70 fans in crowd rioting last month .  the egyptian fa announce a replacement tournament held from march 29th to may 18t .
 favre to meet with nfl official over conduct investigation <sec> vikings quarterback to meet with nfl official over conduct investigation .  meeting will not include commissioner roger goodell .  favre : `` i 'll let that take its course .
 cnn exposé on thai refugee abuse wins award <sec> cnn exposé on thailand 's alleged abuse of boat people wins amnesty award .  dan rivers ' documentary highlighted persecution of ethnic rohingya people .  documentary secured commitment to intervene from thai prime ministe .
 appeals court suspends enforcement of 'do n't ask , do n't tell ' policy <sec> a federal appeals court says `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' can not remain in place .  the obama administration supports repeal of the policy .  but the administration opposes repeal faster than planned .  military officials suggest policy changes eliminating dadt could be finished in a few week .
 why dr. sanjay gupta is writing fiction <sec> `` monday mornings '' is a new novel by dr. sanjay gupta , cnn chief medical correspondent .  it 's a work of fiction but based on real observations from gupta 's hospital experiences .  gupta and david e. kelley are the executive producers of the tv pilot based on the book .  the show will be called `` chelsea general .
 state media : north korea 's kim jong un has married <sec> new : kim jong un and his wife attended the opening of a new theme park , state media reports .  new : no details are given on when kim and ri sol ju were married .  the presence of a woman by kim jong un 's side this month sparked speculation .  little is known about the youthful leader of the reclusive countr .
 ebola : three athletes banned from youth olympics <sec> the youth olympic games are taking place in nanjing , china .  around 700 athletes are attending the games which starts saturday .  international olympic committee takes action over ebola threat .  three athletes banned over virus concern .
 kenya : store in besieged mall run by attackers or associates -- source <sec> new : possible al-shabaab twitter account warns nairobi the attack was only `` act 1 '' .  source : investigators link a store rented in the past year to the attackers .  despite 8 in custody , there 's rising concern that some of the attackers escaped .  at least 67 people are known dead ; as many as 61 remain unaccounted fo .
 power vacuum fuels vicious drug war <sec> drug war raging in medellin , colombia , has seen almost 2,000 killings this year .  gang leader says violence sparked by power vacuum as old bosses arrested .  his gang sells cocaine and marijuana and he rules through violence .  but he refuses to say which cartel boss is bankrolling his gan .
 cnn student news - march 20 , 2015 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call . .  the weekly newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the new .
 goetze set to join bayern munich <sec> mario goetze to leave borussia dortmund for bayern munich .  german international will become the second most expensive signing by a german team .  goetze could face bayern in the champions league final at wembley next month .  the move comes as uli hoeness is being investigated for alleged tax evasio .
 shooting of florida teen is no trayvon martin case , attorney says <sec> a 17-year-old is dead after a weekend shooting in a gas station parking lot .  a florida man is facing a murder charge .  the suspect 's attorney says her client reacted after he felt threatened by teens .  the encounter began with the suspect complaining about the teens ' loud music , police sa .
 how to tip outside the states <sec> tipping conventions overseas can be vastly different from those in the united states .  more people at a hotel will potentially need to be tipped than anywhere else .  get small bills or coins from your hotel 's front desk to make tipping easie .
 burt reynolds 'feeling better ' but still in florida icu , rep says <sec> burt reynolds is `` feeling better , '' though still in the icu with flu symptoms , his rep says .  he likely will be released from the hospital on monday , the actor 's representative adds .  reynolds was one of america 's most popular actors in the 1970s and 1980s .  he starred in `` deliverance , '' the `` smokey and the bandit '' series and `` boogie nights .
 'modern warfare 2 ' terrorism hits close to home <sec> military scenarios , violent police actions , firefights play out in 'modern warfare 2 ' .  locales in game include afghanistan , kazakhstan , brazil and russia .  the player in 'modern warfare 2 ' is embedded in a squad of terrorists .  in the game , fighting comes to shores of united state .
 are these the world 's weirdest wedding photos ? <sec> unusual pre-wedding photos are becoming more popular in hong kong .  digitally-altered images show couples posing before backdrops of cats and foods .  for many , the `` engagement photos '' have become a bigger event than the wedding photo .
 google doodle lets you run the hurdles <sec> google added an interactive hurdle race to its search page tuesday .  the animated doodle lets users leap over hurdles by tapping their keyboards .  users were posting their best times on twitter and challenging others to beat the .
