 is your child being bullied ? <sec> one-fourth of all children are bullied .  red flags include changes in behavior , physical ailments and a drop in grades .  the american academy of pediatrics recommends doctors discuss bullying during checkup .
 110-year-old 'living fossil ' becomes a dad <sec> 110-year-old endangered male tuatara dinosaur descendant produces offspring .  henry and his near 80-year-old mate mildred produced 11 eggs -- all hatched .  henry , disinterested in sex for four decades , lashed out at females .  but his reptile dysfunction changed when a cancerous lump was remove .
 biological terror attack likely by 2013 , panel says <sec> new : next terror attack on u.s. likely to originate in pakistan tribal areas , report says .  terrorists with biological weapons could kill millions , panel 's chairman says .  biological attack more likely than nuclear attack , report says .  number of nations with nuclear weapons also growing , panel say .
 opinion : how to stop the north korea madness <sec> writers : north korea 's priority is being able to threaten u.s. and allies with nuclear arms .  it 's a circular game , they say . .  north bullies , steps back ; u.s. threatens , then talks .  writers : talks wo n't change situation . .  we must assess dangers , intentions , china , allies .  writers : we need serious and sustained pressure by all parties , including chin .
 texas police chase lands on airport runway <sec> new : police were worried suspect would try to drive into planes .  man crashes airport gates in texas car chase .  chase shut down love field for about 10 minute .
 should i get screened for that ? <sec> prostate cancer screenings include a blood test and a digital rectal examination .  mammograms have helped reduce breast cancer mortality rates in the u.s . .  colorectal cancer is one of the leading causes of cancer-related deat .
 malaysian policeman killed , another abducted at resort <sec> one policeman is dead and another kidnapped in malaysian borneo .  authorities believe filipino gunmen are responsible .  latest in a string of abductions on the island -- a popular tourist destination .  several other kidnapping victims have been release .
 uruguay passes same-sex adoption law <sec> new : expected senate approval follows passage of bill by the lower chamber .  new : law paves way for gays , lesbians to start a family , montevideo resident says .  lawmakers already approved measure letting children 12 or older to change names .  measure was not without opponents from conservatives and clerg .
 joan rivers is still on life support , daughter says <sec> rivers ' daughter has shared few details about mother 's condition .  the rivers family 's previous statement said they `` are keeping our fingers crossed '' .  rivers stopped breathing during throat surgery at a manhattan medical clinic thursday .  she was undergoing an apparently minor elective procedure at the clini .
 u.s. official : israeli jets strike convoy in syria <sec> syria says two workers were killed in an israeli airstrike .  hezbollah calls the strike `` barbaric , '' but says the world wo n't denounce israeli attacks .  damascus says an israeli airstrike targeted a research facility near the syrian capital .  source : israelis attacked a convoy believed to be carrying sa-17 missile part .
 obama , cameron say it again -- us , uk have 'special relationship ' <sec> obama : `` the united states and the united kingdom enjoy a truly special relationship '' .  obama has used the term `` special relationship '' with only one other country , israel .  cameron describes the u.s.-u.k. link similarly , calling it `` an absolutely essential relationship .
 war powers act needs fixing , bipartisan panel says <sec> war powers act is `` ineffective '' and should be repealed , blue-ribbon panel says .  former secretaries of state james baker and warren christopher led the study .  they say the project was not prompted by any specific war .  panel proposes new law requiring president to consult with congres .
 melbourne airport goes black <sec> melbourne airport experienced power blackout on wednesday morning local time .  blackout lasted about an hour , with flights grounded and passenger processing halted .  flights now back in operation , with some airlines reporting delays in flight schedule .
 report : smartphones , not computers , drive most facebook use <sec> report says facebook users spent more time on phones than computers .  in march , users spent 441 minutes on smartphones , versus 391 minutes on pcs .  the stats fuel rumors of an upcoming facebook phon .
 opinion : our 'greatest day ' turns to horror <sec> dan kennedy : before monday , the boston marathon marked city 's annual `` greatest day '' .  it brings the marathon , patriots day and an 11 : am red sox game ; kids are off from school .  kennedy : marathon is 26.2 miles , in future , must every mile be checked for bombs ? .  celebration of patriotism , pride , spring 's return irretrievably marred by bomb horror , he say .
 source : cia using patriot act to collect money-transfer data <sec> cia collects bulk records on international money moves , says source .  source : the program is an outgrowth of terror-finance tracking programs .  most transactions are purely non-u.s. , but some are to or from the united states .  cia says it does n't comment on `` alleged intelligence sources or methods .
 champions league pressure too much for manchester city , says tevez <sec> carlos tevez joined juventus from manchester city in $ 13 million transfer .  tevez says too much pressure was placed on city 's players to win champions league .  club has failed to progress from the group stage on both occasions .  believes key to success in champions league is remaining cal .
 pakistani scientist gets 86 years for afghan attack <sec> aafia siddiqui was convicted in a u.s. court in february .  prosecutors said she tried to kill americans in afghanistan .  her attorney calls siddiqui `` an enigma .
 georgia father accused of feeding baby vodka charged with murder <sec> keith furlow , 20 , is charged with felony murder and cruelty to children .  a district attorney says furlow `` fed '' vodka to his baby , who died as a result .  furlow 's public defender says the 4-month-old 's death was an acciden .
 pakistan kills 80 in assault on taliban <sec> pakistani security forces kill at least 80 militants in country 's tribal region .  pakistani army has been waging a week-long crackdown on taliban .  three soldiers killed , eight wounded in crackdown in northwest of countr .
 flight 370 : objects spotted , none have been connected to plane <sec> malaysia flight 370 went down in the southern indian ocean , officials say .  there have been hundreds of objects seen but nothing has been the real deal .  latest sighting ? .  300 objects spotted by a thai satellit .
 fury over shanghai metro 's warning on women 's dress <sec> a shanghai metro employee says women need to dress more modestly to avoid sexual harassment in the metro .  the post included a picture of a woman in a semi-transparent dress in a metro platform .  the online statement came after complaints of four separate incidents of sexual harassment in june .  backlash against the company has populated chinese social media sites such as sina weib .
 are presidents overrated ? <sec> julian zelizer : america tends to exaggerate the impact of its presidents .  on presidents day , remember that there are many other people who can make a president succeed or fail , he say .
 dyson inventor calls for radical change to patent laws <sec> british innovator james dyson has described patent laws across europe as `` absolute madness '' .  dyson says the current system involves many expenses due to varying jurisdictions throughout the continent .  he says a europe-wide patent is the answe .
 blade runner pistorius makes 400m olympic qualifying time <sec> oscar pistorius runs 'b ' standard qualifying time for the london 2012 olympics .  south african athlete is a double amputee and has carbon fiber prosthetic legs .  24-year-old sets new personal best time of 45.61 seconds at race in pretoria .  could become first amputee sprinter to compete in both paralympic and olympic game .
 at least 8 killed after storm tears into southern indian coast <sec> about 8,000 people in low-lying areas of tamil nadu state are relocated .  six crew members are missing from an oil tanker that ran aground .  cyclone nilam brings heavy rain and high winds to the regio .
 abu ghraib now a humane prison , iraq officials say <sec> abu ghraib is now baghdad central prison , with a garden and a gym .  in 2004 , photos of prisoners being humiliated by american guards were published .  ministry of justice trying to show that the prison , now under iraqi control , has change .
 opinion : jeb bush vs. matt damon on schools and testing <sec> ruben navarrette : testing is controversial but provides needed accountabiity in schools .  matt damon , a proud graduate of public schools , questioned emphasis on testing .  damon said he did n't send his kids to public schools as they lack `` progressive education '' .  navarrette : jeb bush was right to call out damon for not living up to his ideal .
 lame duck congress convenes <sec> the lame duck session of congress began monday .  congress must tackle multiple controversial issues before the end of the year .  senate minority leader mitch mcconnell announces his intention to back an earmark ban .  newly elected house members reiterate their intention to push for smaller governmen .
 why big companies buy , sell your data <sec> data is now a $ 300 billion-a-year industry and employs 3 million people in the u.s . .  acxiom chief executive officer scott howe agreed to speak with cnn .  howe believes detailed marketing information helps breathe success into business .  critics of data-brokering companies say they pose privacy risk .
 gun violence is a national security issue <sec> peter bergen : gun violence is sometimes called a public health issue in the u.s . .  he says it also amounts to a national security issue , taking much larger toll than terrorism .  civilians are more likely to get killed in some u.s. cities than afghan civilians are , he says .  bergen : medical techniques taken from afghan war being used to save civilians in u.s .
 spring breakers skip cancun for volunteer work <sec> `` alternative '' spring breaks are becoming more popular among college students .  the programs center on community service .  trips may address hunger and homelessness , disaster relief and global warming .  the average domestic trip costs around $ 250 or $ 30 .
 inmates smash windows , set fires at english prison <sec> buildings are still burning 12 hours after the riot started .  at least one of the buildings was destroyed .  no injuries have been reported .  hmp ford is near england 's southern coas .
 australia given another year to act on great barrier reef <sec> world heritage committee gives australia another year to address issues with great barrier reef .  committee has warned it may be added to danger list .  reef suffering effects of weather events , coastal development , crown-of-thorns starfish .  boasts the greatest biodiversity of any world heritage sit .
 the real issue is runaway spending <sec> ruben navarrette : senate and house republicans are warring over fiscal policy .  navarrette : senate gop offered a band-aid for fiscal cliff ; house gop wanted to treat the wound .  he says the house gop is on the right track in trying to cut back federal spending .  boehner 's role as speaker could be damaged by his vote on fiscal deal , he say .
 kerry calls turkish prime minister 's remark about zionism 'objectionable ' <sec> the u.s. secretary of state addresses reporters in ankara , turkey .  he talks about the crisis in syria and ties that turkey and israel share with the u.s . .  `` we want to see them work together to go beyond rhetoric , '' kerry says of israel and turkey .  turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan made the remark at a united nations conferenc .
 bosnia war crime suspect karadzic arrested <sec> former bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic has been arrested in serbia .  karadzic charged with genocide in connection with the srebrenica massacre .  his military leader , gen. ratko mladic , is still on the run .  u.n. tribunal : it is an important day for international justic .
 alabama man accused in bar shooting indicted on 68 charges <sec> alabama grand jury returns a 68-count indictment against nathan van wilkins .  he is tied to two shootings , as well as several other crimes .  17 people were injured in early-morning shooting at a tuscaloosa ba .
 sources say americans detained pirate negotiators <sec> new : a second source says two pirates were detained by u.s. forces .  four americans were killed after pirates hijacked their vessel .  negotiations for their release had been under way , involving the fbi .  two pirates had boarded a u.s. navy ship monday for talk .
 five found guilty of plotting to kill fort dix soldiers <sec> five men were convicted of plotting to kill u.s. soldiers at fort dix .  the men could receive life in prison .  sixth man pleaded guilty to reduced charge of providing firearms to illegal aliens .  three brothers allegedly involved in the plot were in the u.s. illegall .
 fall shrimp season opens in gulf as oil fears persist <sec> new : `` ca n't make no money with no little shrimp '' .  new : oil traces said to spread east on sea floor .  no timeline set for bottom kill as scientists study well pressure .  bp pledges $ 52 million to behavioral health suppor .
 beyonce : no disrespect intended to dead challenger astronauts <sec> beyonce : she used the clip as a `` tribute to the unselfish work of the challenger crew '' .  nasa 's shuttle commentator announces : `` obviously a major malfunction '' .  challenger commander 's widow : `` we were disappointed '' .  the audio clip begins `` xo , '' a new beyonce love son .
 group wants r rating for any film with smoking <sec> american medical association alliance wants films with smoking to be rated r .  amaa says that kids who watch smoking often turn to habit .  hollywood rating organization says smoking in movies has decline .
 california bill would free more than 27,000 inmates <sec> california senate oks bill to allow early release of 27,000 inmates .  state assembly will take up measure , which would save $ 524 million , on monday .  democratic senate official says changes would protect public from violent offenders .  senate republicans call the legislation a threat to public safet .
 millions plunged in darkness as power goes out in havana , other parts of cuba <sec> new : power begins to return to havana and other areas early monday .  state media report an outage on a transmission line .  the outage affects a region from the western tip of the island to near the center .  havana residents gather outside , seeking cooler air on a humid nigh .
 bet you ca n't name every baseball team <sec> major league baseball is expanding the number of playoff teams to 10 .  bob greene recalls when baseball had just 16 teams , and fans could easily name them .  in an era of 30 teams , even baseball experts stumble at the challenge , he says .  greene : expanding playoffs may be good for revenue but risks diluting memorie .
 china 's next leader keeps iowa close to his heart <sec> xi jinping visited iowa in 1985 and returned earlier this year to muscatine to visit `` old friends '' .  on his first trip to iowa , xi learned about agriculture techniques from farmers .  he considers his iowa friends the best of americ .
 senate debate on health care bill opens with heated rhetoric <sec> process quickly gets caught up in procedural objections from gop .  wyoming senator protests proposal over amendments to bill .  republicans , democrats continue to square off over medicare .  house has already passed health care bill that differs with senate bil .
 witness to boko haram terror : nigeria 's missing schoolgirls <sec> on april 14 , boko haram kidnapped more than 200 girls from a school in chibok , nigeria .  a cnn team made the dangerous journey to the village in boko haram 's heartland .  cnn correspondent nima elbagir spoke to a girl who fled , mothers of abductees and other villagers .  she accompanied villagers armed with machetes on their night-time patrol of the are .
 gop presidential contenders take aim at obama in cnn debate <sec> debate ends on lighter note with candidates praising each other .  santorum questions romney 's pro-life commitment .  bachmann announces she filed papers to run for president .  debate begins with criticism of president obam .
 family of 4 killed by wrong-way driver <sec> a family of four was killed by a wrong-way driver in idaho on thursday , police say .  eusebio jacobo pineda was driving east in the wesbound lane of interstate 84 , they say .  state police say everyone in amado herrera 's family was wearing seatbelt .
 zimmerman lawyer : jurors followed law , not hearts <sec> `` i stand by the decision because of the law , '' juror b29 told abc .  zimmerman defense : jurors must vote by the law , not their hearts .  juror b29 also said zimmerman `` got away with murder .
 floyd mayweather jr. beats miguel cotto to remain undefeated <sec> floyd mayweather jr. defeats miguel cotto by unanimous decision to claim wba title .  mayweather remains undefeated in 43 fights .  mayweather will head to jail in june to serve three-month sentenc .
 friend : sydney leathers in sexting scandal 'idealized ' weiner <sec> new : `` i felt manipulated , '' leathers tells `` inside edition '' about weiner .  weiner promised sydney elaine leathers a condo in chicago , friend says .  leathers , 23 , first contacted weiner on twitter because she was a fan .  `` she had told me that she sent him numerous naked pictures , '' friend say .
 singer angelique kidjo to girls : do n't let others define you <sec> angelique kidjo writes an open letter to girls of the world .  `` do n't let anyone define who you are , '' kidjo write .
 obama goes online for town hall meeting <sec> president obama addresses online users ' questions on the economy , education .  this is the first online town hall discussion hosted at the white house .  almost 93,000 people submitted more than 104,000 questions .  obama answered a popular question on legalizing marijuana to help the econom .
 bill clinton responds to rove , says hillary 'strong ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> karl rove suggested that hillary clinton suffers from a brain injury .  rove has come under fire for his comments .  clinton suffered a blood clot in december 2012 after falling .  bill clinton says hillary is strong , and is `` in better shape than i am .
 israel , hamas agree to 12-hour gaza cease-fire <sec> israel and hamas agree to a 12-hour cease-fire in gaza starting saturday morning .  it 's intended to be used for moving in medical supplies and taking out injured people .  americans are taking the lead on a text in consultation with egyptians , sources sa .
 judge orders accused fort hood shooter to have his beard shaved <sec> an appeals court previously said it would not rule until after the order was given .  hasan had said , `` i believe that my religion requires me to wear a beard '' .  he is accused of killing 13 people and wounding 32 at fort hoo .
 madeleine mccann mystery : police to dig in portugal wasteland <sec> madeleine disappeared from her family 's holiday apartment in portugal in 2007 .  british police reopened their investigation into her disappearance in july 2013 .  media have gathered at an area of wasteland in praia da luz that has been cordoned off by police .  sources tell cnn a british team will be digging in the area , using dogs and rada .
 gadhafi asks obama to end nato bombing <sec> british airstrike hits oil field , libyan official says .  clinton says gadhafi must step down for bombing to stop .  gadhafi asks president obama to stop nato 's bombing .  ex-u.s. rep. weldon to urge gadhafi to step down , calls for cease-fir .
 navajo code talker from world war ii dies <sec> several hundred navajo code talkers served in world war ii .  they transmitted key messages from the front line in their native language .  the japanese never managed to crack the code .  only a few code talkers remain alive toda .
 newt gingrich wanted 'open marriage , ' ex-wife says <sec> new : newt gingrich says `` the story is false '' and he 's `` appalled '' it came up at a debate .  gingrich 's second ex-wife speaks to reporters ahead of south carolina 's gop primary .  gingrich delivered a family values speech a day after asking for open marriage , ex-wife says .  his two daughters defend their father from their ex-stepmom 's comment .
 australian police seize $ 246 million worth of drugs smuggled inside steamroller <sec> the drugs are blocks of methamphetamine and cocaine , police say .  a u.s. citizen and a canadian have been charged with drug-importing offenses .  the steamroller was tracked down to a storage unit in northern sydne .
