 women 's history month 2011 : discussion and learning activities <sec> march is women 's history month .  these questions and activities help students learn about the history and achievements of women in america .  these questions and activities can be adapted to accommodate students of different grade levels and learning style .
 why the u.s. government is 'trolling ' jihadists on social media <sec> the u.s. state department has begun engaging with muslim extremists on social media .  it hopes to dissuade potential islamic militants by presenting an alternative viewpoint .  some have derided the initiative as 'trolling , ' while others say it is rattling jihadist leaders .  social media has become a vital recruiting ground for islamic extremist .
 can psychedelic drugs treat depression ? <sec> researchers are exploring whether psychedelic drugs can treat mental-health problems .  studies have been published on the benefits of ecstasy in people with ptsd .  when taken under professional supervision , one or two doses can help patients recove .
 nicolas anelka defends 'shocking ' on-field gesture <sec> nicolas anelka under fire for making an alleged anti-semitic gesture after scoring goal .  anelka said on twitter that it was a `` special dedication '' to a comedian friend , dieudonne .  the french sports minister condemned anelka , calling his gesture `` disgusting '' .  anelka was thrown out of the 2010 world cup after allegedly insulting his manage .
 kim k. , kanye take vogue : how you reacted <sec> kanye west and kim kardashian are on the cover of vogue magazine 's april issue .  west had previously said he believed there was no reason kardashian should n't be on the cover .  the couple 's daughter north was also present at the photo shoot .  the issue arrives digitally march 24 and on newsstands march 3 .
 kapur holds dutch clubhouse advantage <sec> india 's shiv kapur holds the clubhouse lead at the dutch open on friday .  kapur followed up his opening 66 with a second round 67 at hilversum .  gary orr and james kingston share second with half the field to still on the cours .
 tim russert 's son : sometimes he 'd interview me <sec> luke russert says he learned of his father 's death while he was in italy .  he thanks family , friends for helping him get through trying times .  politics `` was just something that i always grew up around , '' he says .  he says it `` felt great '' to vote for the first time , urges young people to get involve .
 pirates hijack taiwanese fishing vessel off african coast <sec> pirates take over taiwanese boat with 14 crew on board , says eu 's naval force .  the hijacking is farther south than any since eu started anti-piracy action in december 2008 .  somali pirates are now holding a total of 18 ships and 383 hostages , eu say .
 obama energy plan would open atlantic and gulf drilling <sec> one democratic senator slams the plan while another praises it .  u.s. will need traditional fuels while developing new ones , obama says .  proposal includes lifting a 20-year ban on drilling off the virginia coastline .  one republican leader says obama plan does n't go far enoug .
 olympics security failure is 'humiliating shambles , ' boss concedes <sec> the u.s. is sending some homeland security staff to britain during the games .  g4s should still claim an $ 89 million management fee , nick buckles says .  lawmakers call g4s performance `` unacceptable , incompetent and amateurish '' .  the government is calling in 3,500 military personnel to cover shortfall .
 analysis : lugar 's grassroots withered <sec> lugar lost primarily because he did n't pay attention to his indiana gop base .  lugar took a series of positions out of line with current gop orthodoxy .  lugar 's failure to keep an indiana residence showed him as out of touch .  richard mourdock paid close attention to indiana 's gop grassroot .
 oklahoma valedictorian goes missing in ecuador hike <sec> in ecuador , a province governor says investigators have no leads .  august reiger was last seen sunday while on a family hike in the mountains .  the family trip was a graduation present for the teen , who is fluent in spanish .  father : `` everyone 's baffled , because it 's not a dangerous place .
 gop hopeful removes isis captive footage from ad <sec> republican congressional candidate 's ad had isis footage of american captive .  the footage is removed following criticism by democrats .  the ad by challenger wendy rogers claims that rep. kyrsten sinema is soft on terrorism .  rogers ' campaign stands by the ad 's messag .
 hordes , hype and glowing screens : scenes from ces <sec> the consumer electronics show is underway this week in las vegas .  the massive trade show attracts some 150,000 attendees .  ces is a showcase for tech companies and startups alike to unveil new gadget .
 iowa dems : clinton ca n't afford to lose state <sec> iowa democrats have stressed to clinton aides how important the state will be .  top iowa clinton supporter : `` i think that secretary clinton can close the door in iowa '' .  some worry that if she does n't go big in iowa -- or loses -- she risks losing the nomination .  some of the bluntness has to do with clinton 's checkered history with the stat .
 sold ! jfk 's air force one bomber jacket fetches $ 629,000 at auction <sec> the family of jfk 's assistant and close friend auction a cache of personal items .  david powers ' family discovered the locked stockpile while trying to sell the family house .  the hundreds of items include kennedy family photos and letters from jfk to his parents .  the stash also includes a birthday card signed by john jr. and kennedy 's itinerary to dalla .
 what can obama do about russia 's invasion of crimea ? <sec> the u.s. suspends upcoming trade , investment talks with russia , official says .  president obama urges congress to work with him on ukraine aid .  gop rep. royce : the best option would be economic sanctions to weaken the ruble .  a first step ? .  boycott the g8 summit in sochi and kick russia out of the grou .
 cnn student news - january 29 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 the affordable care act wants you <sec> the deadline to apply for health insurance is march 31 .  white house campaign includes youtube and sports stars , moms and cats .  obama administration says 5 million have signed up for coverag .
 buchenwald survivors see obama as family <sec> president obama visits buchenwald concentration camp , germany , on friday .  his great-uncle helped liberate one of the complex 's sub-camps during wwii .  director of buchenwald camp memorial : survivors see obama as a grandson .  obama will meet some camp survivors during his visi .
 updating emily post for the internet age <sec> etiquette advice is as old as society , and emily post was `` maven of manners '' .  much of her guidance can be updated to internet age , brenna ehrlich and andrea bartz say .  e-mails full of poor grammar and spelling have supplanted poor penmanship , they say .  `` thank you '' notes are still important , even if they 're digital , the two sa .
 serena williams battles back to deny caroline wozniacki <sec> serena williams defeats caroline wozniacki at cincinnati masters .  world no 1. wins 2-6 6-2 6-4 to reach ohio final for second straight year .  david ferrer comfortably beats julian benetteua to reach men 's fina .
 former lions center gravell dies <sec> former wales and british lions center ray gravell has died aged 56 .  he was on holiday with his family in mallorca .  after retiring he worked as an actor and broadcaste .
 closing arguments draw sharp contrast at stevens trial <sec> new : prosecutor rebuttal : `` the evidence i saw was totally different '' .  new : defense : stevens tried repeatedly to get a bill for work done on his house .  prosecution begins closing arguments with phone call recorded by fbi .  sen. ted stevens is accused of false statements on senate financial disclosure .
 squash star takes on the taliban : 'chosen one ' fights for a cause <sec> maria toor pakay is pakistan 's no . .  1 squash player despite difficult circumstances .  pakay fled her native waziristan after threats from the taliban , moving to canada .  her father was warned that she was in danger for embarrassing the region 's culture and religion .  former squash star jonathan power is training her to become a world champio .
 geraldo rivera goes topless for politics <sec> he tweeted about kobani being `` the real benghazi '' .  the tweet included a topless selfie .  in 2013 he blamed drinking for a nearly nude selfie he sen .
 inter must wait after totti secures late roma win <sec> inter milan beat chievo 4-3 to stay two points clear of as roma in serie a .  roma leave it late to beat cagliari 2-1 to keep their title hopes alive for final round .  sampdoria stay fourth after a 1-1 draw at fifth-placed palermo .  juventus suffer record 14th defeat in a serie a seaso .
 now isis has drones ? ( opinion ) <sec> peter bergen , cynthia schneider : video seems to show that isis has surveillance drone .  they say this highlights new reality : terrorist groups have technology once used by states .  they say hezbollah says it has used them ; hamas says it has armed and unarmed drones .  writers : some 80 nations now have drones . .  we need 'geneva convention ' to govern their us .
 opinion : the race-mixing hoax that dogged lincoln <sec> philip kadish : it 's the 150th anniversary of a huge political hoax in united states .  news spread of lincoln 's plan to `` blend the races '' to create a new `` american race '' .  kadish : evidence was a pamphlet , the blog of its day , written by pro-slavery editor .  kadish : hoax put the made-up word `` miscegenation '' in the culture , and it exists to this da .
 vp debates can kill political careers <sec> julian zelizer : vice presidential debates do n't usually sway outcome of elections .  he says they can have an outsized influence on careers of the candidates .  zelizer : debates proved harmful to palin , edwards , quayle and dol .
 florida officials hope oil spill fears wo n't keep tourists away <sec> florida gov . .  charlie crist wants bp to pay $ 35 million for tourism ads .  bp says it will continue using corexit dispersant to clean up gulf spill .  corexit has been rated more toxic , less effective than other epa-approved product .
 survivors of mine disasters say hope , kenny rogers kept them going <sec> australian miner says he and cohort sang , told jokes during 14-day captivity in gold mine .  survivor of flooded mine in pennsylvania says group huddled together to stay alive .  maintaining routine key to survival in isolated places for extended periods , prof says .  relatives need to prepare for emotional highs and lows after rescue , miner say .
 how do you solve a problem like maria ? tennis ' battle with grunters <sec> agnieszka radwanska has criticized maria sharapova for grunting during matches .  world no . .  4 sharapova has defended the noises , saying they are not against the rules .  the wta is attempting to coach grunting out of the next generation of talent .  victoria azarenka 's shrieks were immitated by the crowd at the australian ope .
 opinion : house , knowledge economy needs immigrants <sec> joe green : immigration reform heads for tough fight in house after passing in senate .  the last major immigration overhaul in the u.s. was in 1986 , he says .  green says immigrants are group of risk-takers who define america 's entrepreneurial ethos .  green : immigrants needed to feed nation 's fast-growing knowledge econom .
 jerry seinfeld and jason alexander spotted at 'seinfeld ' eatery <sec> `` seinfeld '' stars spotted at iconic eatery .  a passerby took a picture of the pair .  reports of filming inside have sparked speculatio .
 families remember oklahoma tornado victims <sec> new : mother kept calling for her boys before she died .  kyle davis , 8 , was a good student who loved soccer and his older sister .  tawuana robinson called her daughter as twister hovered , telling her she was in closet .  christopher legg loved sports , horsing around with his da .
 oxbow wins preakness stakes <sec> oxbow leads preakness stakes from start to finish .  15-1 outsider ridden by gary stevens .  favorite orb loses bid for triple crown .  138th running of the famous race in baltimor .
 nepal quake : 'we huddled under beam and prayed ' <sec> journalist sunir pandey was visiting relatives with nepal 's 7.8 magnitude quake struck .  he says they ran to shelter under a concrete beam and prayed , as dust rose from the rubbl .
 golf stars welcome return of mobile phones at british open <sec> some of golf 's best players back decision to allow mobile phones back into the british open .  the tournament banned mobiles from the course in 2006 but have relented this year .  world no . .  3 lee westwood agrees with the move saying phones are key for busines .
 why andorrans live longer than everyone else <sec> the average andorran lives 85 years , longer than anywhere else on the planet .  the tiny country is wedged in the mountains between france and spain .  diet and nutrition seems to play a role in keeping andorrans alive and health .
 mourinho sees red as inter lose in turin <sec> jose mourinho sent off as italian leaders inter milan lose 2-1 at juventus .  manager ordered from dugout for his protests following the opening goal by juve .  third-placed juventus are now five points behind the defending champions .  second-placed ac milan are four points behind their rivals after beating sampdoria 3- .
 source : undercover fbi agent passed money to van der sloot in probe <sec> fbi : money came from a private source , not the fbi .  interpol document : van der sloot allegedly tried to extort money from holloway 's mother .  u.s. authorities last week announced arrest warrant for van der sloot .  interpol : information van der sloot gave in exchange for the money was fals .
 ex-detainees : bae , miller need support , some normalcy <sec> kenneth bae and matthew todd miller are the latest americans released from north korea .  north korea released jeffrey fowle last month ; he had hoped bae , miller would be with him .  fowle says he would tell the newly released americans `` to keep the faith '' .  another former n. korean detainee , euna lee , says the 2 probably want `` mundane days .
 fox 's laughable case for romney <sec> howell raines : fox news has been contorting to deliver good news for romney 's campaign .  he says commentators ' spin attributes obama gains to media distortion , voter ignorance , etc . .  raines : bill o'reilly says evenhanded things for deniability if spin is wrong , romney fails .  raines : it will be interesting to see fox spin if campaign should begin to reek of defea .
 florida state quarterback jameis winston wins heisman trophy <sec> at 19 , jameis winston is the youngest player to win the heisman trophy .  `` it 's a blessing , `` winston says .  winston led the top-ranked seminoles to an undefeated regular season .  prosecutors declined this month to file a charge of rape against winsto .
 worker says he was fired from supermarket chain because he is muslim <sec> glenn mack jr. worked at a whole foods market store in philadelphia .  he says he experienced harassment , was fired because he is a muslim .  the company denies the claim , says it has a zero-tolerance discrimination polic .
 immigration reform kevin mccarthy 's 'house of cards ' <sec> rep. mccarthy may face pressure on immigration reform if elected majority leader .  his central valley district is home to farms and businesses that rely on immigrant labor .  friends say his savvy , friendliness helps him in times of tough votes .  mccarthy 's ambition and affability may be needed for thorny immigration debat .
 transcript : president obama asks congress to vote on syria strike <sec> obama calls attack of syrian civilians 'an assault on human dignity ' .  president spoke with congressional leaders saturday morning and asked for a vote .  obama says he 's comfortable going forward without u.n. security council approval .  obama : 'we 're not contemplating putting our troops in the middle of someone else 's war . .
 jeremy clarkson suspended by the bbc <sec> presenter was involved in an encounter with a bbc producer .  top gear was due to air this sunday , episode pulled from schedul .
 fda requires lower dosage for insomnia drugs <sec> insomnia drugs contain active ingredient zolpidem , which causes drowsiness .  lowering dosage will cut down on amount of drug still circulating next morning , fda says .  fda says all patients should be told about the possible `` morning after '' risk .
 roger federer and 'baby federer ' reach grass court finals <sec> roger federer into final of atp event in halle .  federer will play alejandro falla of colombia in final .  grigor dimitrov and feliciano lopez in queen 's final in london .  dimitrov beats stanislas wawrinka in semifinal upse .
 icc blasts security council over genocide suspects <sec> fatou bensouda says investigators had uncovered an `` ongoing pattern of crimes '' .  the icc has been seeking the arrest of sudanese president omar hassan al-bashir .  some 300,000 people have died in darfur , the united nations estimate .
 'bad taste ' cries as mcdonald 's moves into 'mona lisa ' museum <sec> mcdonald 's to open restaurant in the mall of the world 's most visited museum .  decision has attracted criticisms there will be 'unpleasant smells ' in the museum .  the restaurant is not only fast food joint in the shopping mal .
 isis says suspected terror cell leader back in syria <sec> suspected ringleader of a terror cell is now in syria , isis claims .  officials say the manhunt for abdelhamid abaaoud has gone col .
 rap/country collaborations nothing new <sec> there is lots of chatter surrounding `` accidental racist , '' a duet by brad paisley and ll cool j .  there have been other rap/country collaborations .  taylor swift did a spoof duet with rapper t-pai .
 prince andrew : sex claims thrown out by florida judge <sec> judge also throws out bombshell sex claims against lawyer alan dershowitz .  he asks a federal court to `` strike '' sex-related allegations against him .  a court filing says dershowitz had sex with minors via jeffrey epstein ; he denies i .
 ever volunteered on holiday ? share your trips of a lifetime with cnn <sec> is your holiday style is more `` giving back '' than fly and flop ? .  then you may have been on a volunteer vacation .  upload your images and video to cnn ireport here .  you could be featured on cn .
 5 still hospitalized after connecticut train collision <sec> new : `` i think everybody 's good samaritan instinct took effect , '' a passenger tells cnn .  one patient is in critical condition , four others remain hospitalized .  one city warns commuters to plan for a long day or stay home monday .  investigators are focusing on a broken rail but do n't suspect foul pla .
 new hope for preventing age-related macular degeneration <sec> study : b vitamins may help prevent age-related macular degeneration .  women taking b6 , b12 , folic acid had 34 percent lower risk of getting amd .  study findings need to be replicated .  only prevention now is avoiding smoking ; antioxidant vitamins prevent progressio .
 south african president jacob zuma discharged from hospital <sec> state media : south african president jacob zuma went to the hospital for a checkup .  zuma will rest for a few days and work from home , an official says .  zuma won a second term and was inaugurated last month .  doctors advised rest after his re-election , statement say .
 storms kill 22 in midwest , southeast <sec> 15 dead in missouri , 1 killed in georgia , six in oklahoma , officials say .  states of emergency declared in oklahoma , georgia counties .  storm system struck midwest , then continued into the south .  president bush has pledged federal support , has talked to states ' governor .
 new report criticizes tepco over fukushima nuclear crisis <sec> the latest report comes from a government-formed panel of investigators .  it follows a scathing parliamentary report that described a `` man-made disaster '' .  the report monday criticizes the plant operator 's lack of preparedness .  japan faces questions over the future of its nuclear power industr .
 mobs in durban , south africa , attack immigrants <sec> south africa is battling xenophobic violence after some said foreigners are taking jobs away .  a 14-year-old boy is among those killed after a mob with machetes targeted foreigner .
 winter storm snowballs airlines <sec> airlines cancel thousands of flights for wednesday .  air traffic comes to a halt in some places .  more than a thousand flights canceled at chicago 's o'hare internationa .
