 chunky knitwear , elegant v-necks : south africa 's xhosa gets makeover <sec> in south africa , xhosa boys undergo an initiation when entering manhood .  after a month-long process , the men swap traditional clothes for formal attire .  designer laduma ngxokolo makes clothes that match the xhosa aestheti .
 bush 43 : 'history will ultimately judge ... i 'm a content man ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> cnn 's john king gets a private interview with george and laura bush .  a sense of legacy is in the air on eve of bush presidential library 's opening .  bush talks about milestones of his presidency , relationships with his staf .
 trio sent off as hercules hold villarreal ; ten-man blackburn earn draw <sec> former france star david trezeguet scores and is sent off as hercules draw with villarreal .  the visitors also have two players dismissed in spanish league clash in alicante .  villarreal end the night in second place on goal difference , a point behind real madrid .  blackburn draw 0-0 at home to english rivals sunderland despite having a man sent of .
 arizona officer : i could shoot suspect or run him over <sec> officer michael rapiejko said he needed to use lethal force to stop the suspect .  mario valencia was carrying a rifle and fired one round into the air .  rapiejko said two options crossed his mind and it was too far to shoot valenci .
 why your vote for congress might not matter <sec> redistricting is `` almost rigged '' to favor parties in power , expert says .  in the past decade , 78 % of house seats did not change party hands .  race has been used to create a political divide in the south .  expert blames gerrymandering for polarization of congres .
 a nuclear clash could starve the world <sec> writers : india , pakistan and north korea missile tests bring up dangers of nuclear war .  study shows war using half of 1 % of global nuke arsenals would set off world famine .  u.s. and russia have huge nuclear arsenals , they say , a lethal holdover from cold war .  it 's urgent for talks about reducing arsenals , they write , with a ban on weapons the goa .
 iraq bans group visits to saddam hussein 's grave <sec> iraqi government bans all organized visits to saddam hussein 's grave .  former dictator buried in his hometown of al-ouja near tikrit , north of baghdad .  government move was made after a recent visit by schoolchildren to the grave .  move reflects concern of iraq 's government over presence of the baath part .
 white house fence jumper has ptsd , former stepson says <sec> the secret service will beef up its presence and enhance surveillance monday .  white house fence jumper 's ex-stepson tells cnn jumper has ptsd .  the ex-stepson says omar gonzalez was being treated at fort hood in texas .  gonzalez did three tours in iraq , his mental state worsened after each , ex-stepson sai .
 nba players holding firm after owners ' ultimatum <sec> `` there is n't any player that wants us to take a bad deal , '' nba players president derek fisher says .  tuesday 's meeting was to explain the owners ' latest offer to player representatives .  the owners have given players a wednesday deadline to accept the offe .
 u.s. designates afghanistan a major ally , creates defense ties <sec> other nations including japan , pakistan and egypt have non-nato ally status .  the status allows kabul and washington to maintain defense relations .  secretary of state hillary clinton makes the announcement in kabul .  she says the designation is beneficial as u.s. troops withdra .
 common : 'obama effect ' steering rap away from rims , bling <sec> common politely declines comment on friends kanye west , serena williams .  chicago rapper/actor gives progress report on president obama 's effect on hip-hop .  `` i also do n't find as much gangsta talk '' in hip-hop lately , he explains .  socially aware rappers on rise because `` people want to feel better , be inspired .
 exhausted federer quits wimbledon warm-up <sec> french open champion roger federer dramatically withdraws from halle open .  swiss world no . .  2 is `` overwhelmed and exhausted '' after his triumph in paris .  federer traditionally uses german follow-up event as warm-up for wimbledo .
 report : hospital costs fall in obamacare 's first year <sec> health and human services releases report on affordable care act .  report says some hospital costs have fallen .  october 1 marks the one-year anniversary of the rollout of healthcare.go .
 7 reasons to visit the hague <sec> the hague is home to the newly renovated mauritshuis museum .  `` girl with a pearl earring '' is among its most notable works .  piet mondrian and m.c . .  escher also have ties in the city .  the peace palace embodies international unit .
 4 killed after plane crash near wichita airport <sec> pilot was among victims ; two of the dead were on the ground .  official : a hawker beechcraft king air crashed into a building near wichita 's airport .  part of building 's roof collapse .
 robin williams ' death ruled suicide <sec> autopsy reveals no alcohol or illegal drugs in robin williams ' suicide .  actor and comedian died august 11 at age 63 .  williams was struggling with depression , anxiety , early parkinson 's , widow says .  beloved performer was mourned deeply after deat .
 bus explodes in manila financial district <sec> a police chief says the bomb might have been planted under a seat .  investigators are trying to determine the type of bomb .  the explosion blows a hole through the side of the bus .  makati city is manila 's financial distric .
 fans pay tribute to 'swamp people ' mitchell guist <sec> thousands of fans of 'swamp people ' have shared thoughts about mitchell guist through social media .  viewers considered guist to be a part of their family , louisiana-born or not .  guist helped bring a `` simple life '' into the homes of viewers , commenters sai .
 stunning geometric shapes appear in snow <sec> simon beck creates geometric shapes in the snow with his footsteps .  the designs are often inspired by fractals and other mathematical patterns .  beck previously worked as an orienteering map-maker , and as an engineer .  his new book , snow art , includes over 200 images of his best work .
 solar power heats up energy possibilities <sec> concentrated solar power projects in spain leading field in that form of green energy .  potential of csp in desert regions around the globe ; more benefits than power .  plans to transform sara ha would involve huge costs ; small projects breaking throug .
 pakistan : u.s. must halt drone attacks <sec> pakistani prime minister gilani : no agreement with u.s. over drone attacks .  missile strikes fuel militancy by uniting militants , local tribes , gilani says .  gilani dismisses western skepticism over pakistani commitment to fighting militancy .  gilani urges u.s. president obama to respect pakistan 's sovereignt .
 will the fall tv season be less gay ? <sec> several of the broadcast series featuring gay lead characters have been canceled .  gladd spokesman said that for some , the only lgbt people they know are on screen .  this season there will be diversity among gay tv character .
 the ray rice elevator tape : what did the nfl know ? <sec> the nfl says it did not see the video showing ray rice striking his then-fiancã©e .  ap report cites law enforcement source who says he gave nfl the video .  current , former players blast nfl commissione .
 review : 'che ' is brilliant , frustrating <sec> `` che '' has a brilliant first half , but second half is repetitious , says ew .  steven soderbergh 's four-hour film is trying to make a point , but loses steam .  however , benicio del toro is terrific as famed marxist revolutionar .
 libya 's gadhafi named african union chairman <sec> gadhafi replaces the leader of tanzania , who held the post for the last year .  the chairmanship is an annual rotating position .  gadhafi will try in his new role to push africa `` to become african united states '' .  u.s. says the african union is an `` important partner .
 government shutdown : gop moderates huddle as conservatives set agenda <sec> tea party republicans are calling the shots in the government shutdown .  gop moderates do n't have the clout yet to challenge conservatives .  sources say a growing group of moderates are concerned about shutdown fallout .  republican moderates could side with democrats to end the government shutdow .
 best business hotels 2012 : the winners <sec> wallpaper* has picked its best business hotels of 2012 .  the winner is the georges , a tiny boutique hotel in istanbul .  other highlights include new york 's nomad and fasano boa vista , in brazi .
 speed up the rebirth of haiti <sec> haiti 's devastating earthquake happened six months ago .  wyclef jean says many are working to help haiti recover , but progress seems to be slow .  more than a million haitians are still living in tent camps and are badly in need of help , he say .
 obama honors iraq war veterans at white house dinner <sec> `` in the history of this house , there has never been a night quite like this , '' obama says .  he pledges to thank and honor the service of wartime veterans .  at the end of his speech , the president raises a glass of water and toasts his guest .
 allergy bullying : when food is a weapon <sec> studies show that many kids with food allergies are bullied .  about 8 % of u.s. kids have at least one food allergy .  talk to your allergist to develop an action pla .
 passenger : 'it seemed like it lasted an eternity ' <sec> new : people were praying , telling exit row passengers to get ready to open doors .  plane passengers say pilot told them to `` brace for a landing '' .  jeff kolodjay : `` the plane started filling with water pretty quick '' .  woman with baby tried to climb over seats to get ou .
 beyond ferguson : why national guard fights civil unrest <sec> national guard troops can be activated by governors or the president .  every state and washington , d.c. , have their own national guard .  guard members have helped quell unrest in los angeles and new orleans .  they have also been mired in controversy , such as with the kent state shooting .
 kenyan rights activist released as uganda bombings trial opens <sec> al-amin kimathi was released from custody at the start of the trial in uganda .  ugandan government had dropped charges against the kenyan rights activist .  suspects are charged in the july 2010 bombings that killed 76 in kampala .  the bombings took place on the eve of the world cup soccer final .
 pakistan : taliban buying children for suicide attacks <sec> official : baitullah mehsud increasingly using the children in attacks .  video of a training camp shows children going through exercises .  some of the children are as young as 11 , the officials say .  suspected u.s. drone attack kills at least 12 people in northwest pakista .
 teen attempts suicide to give liver to dying father <sec> a 13-year-old chinese girl tried to commit suicide to save her cancer-stricken father .  girl swallowed more than 200 sleeping pills when she learned of father 's liver cancer .  the teen remains in intensive care , drifting in and out of consciousnes .
 market slumps for $ 3,000 luxury cell phones <sec> the luxury phone market is in decline because of the recession .  uber-high-end phones are more popular outside the u.s . .  vertu makes luxury phones that start at $ 6,000 and go up in price .  some phones pair with designer brands or are made from rare material .
 jetblue , tsa employees settle arabic t-shirt case for $ 240,000 <sec> jetblue and the tsa screeners denied any wrongdoing .  jetblue , tsa screeners , said they only wanted to resolve the 2½-year-old lawsuit .  iraqi raed jarrar immigrated to the united states three years ago .  jarrar cast the settlement as a victor .
 why 'working wealthy ' ca n't give half away <sec> john avlon says 40 billionaires ' pledge of fortune is inspiring act of u.s. exceptionalism .  but he says it points up gap between the `` super rich '' and `` working wealthy '' couples .  these $ 250k couples may be in buffett tax bracket , but struggle to stay in upper-middle class .  avlon : working wealthy are n't suffering , but they pay high taxes , get few benefit .
 poll : hillary clinton most admired woman - cnnpolitics.com <sec> gallup released a survey of most admired living people on monday .  former secretary of state hillary clinton has repeatedly won the list for wome .
 billie joe armstrong 's 'american idiot ' debut a smash <sec> green day singer kicks off eight performances as st. jimmy in the struggling musical .  the `` american idiot '' musical is based off the album , which won a grammy for best rock album .  `` he actually danced . .  there was choreography , and i believed his character , '' fan say .
 u.s. marine returned to mexican prison <sec> andrew tahmooressi will be back in court august 4 .  tahmooressi was arrested in march for crossing into mexico with three firearms .  he says he took a wrong turn and would never consider trafficking in gun .
 u.n. official admits afghan vote fraud <sec> eide calls allegations against him `` personal attacks against me and my integrity '' .  eide defends decisions as special representative of the secretary-general for unama .  ex-deputy galbraith blames him for `` denying or playing down the fraud '' in election .  galbraith reportedly angered karzai by calling for a complete recoun .
 'he 's our son , and we want him to live ' <sec> in haiti crisis , children are most vulnerable and orphans most of all .  authors are in the process of adopting alexander , a 17-month-old orphan in port-au-prince .  children in haitian orphanages need to be evacuated , according to staff of institution .  priority is saving the life of alexander and his fellow orphans , the authors sa .
 from cover to cover : reflections from si 's first swimsuit star <sec> babette beatty was on the january 20 , 1964 , cover of sports illustrated .  beatty , a new york-based model , says the first swimsuit shoot was just another job .  she fondly remembers her shoot as a wild time hanging out with the mexican air force .  she now lives in halfway , oregon , population 350 , running an art galler .
 10 spectacular national park lodges <sec> the best lodges offer gourmet food , personalized service and rustic yet often elegant interiors .  guests can see black bears and moose from rooms at glacier bay 's bear track inn .  some rooms at the volcano house lodge overlook one of the world 's most active volcanoe .
 pressure builds as northwestern football team union vote nears <sec> northwestern university football players vote friday on whether to unionize .  there is some doubt a majority will vote for it , though support was strong initially .  many athletes , coaches , college presidents and others say a union is a bad idea .  supporters say athletes , who generate huge money for schools , deserve protection .
 death toll from bangladesh building collapse climbs above 700 <sec> the death toll reaches 705 , a government official says .  authorities still do n't know exactly how many bodies remain buried in the rubble .  more than 2,400 people were rescued after of the collapse in savar , dhaka .  bangladesh has come under pressure to improve worker safet .
 tesla rolls out new sedan <sec> tesla says manufacturing plant will be in california ; hundreds of jobs possible .  the all-electric model s sedan will go for a base price of about $ 50,000 .  tesla 's challenge : will consumers pay that much for a car in recessionary times ? .  the company hopes to make 20,000 model s sedans a yea .
 dozens killed in iraqi violence in capital and in north <sec> new : the death toll rises to 34 in iraq explosions .  many blasts appeared to target amusement parks , according to police .  an explosion in northern iraq collapses buildings , traps people .  sunni extremist groups are targeting a shiite minority in the nort .
 dortmund close in on another bundesliga record <sec> german champions extend run of unbeaten league games to 27 with a 5-2 win over kaiserslautern .  jurgen klopp 's team now a win away from beating bayern munich 's bundesliga points tally record .  bayern end momentous week with a 2-0 win against stuttgar .
 mexico : as dangerous -- and safe -- as ever <sec> recent abductions and violence have put security in mexico back in the news .  yet millions visit mexico every year without incident .  safety varies dramatically depending where you are and what you d .
 source : dzhokhar tsarnaev arrived at hospital 'covered in blood ' <sec> source : dzhokhar tsarnaev arrived at hospital semi-conscious and 'covered in blood ' .  he did n't seem to utter any words , the source says .  source : his condition was stabilized very quickl .
 4 issues facing the 'three amigos ' <sec> the north american leaders ' summit is wednesday in toluca , mexico .  u.s. and canadian leaders will visit mexican president enrique pena nieto .  since its beginning in 1992 , it has become known as the `` three amigos '' summit .  keystone , trade and immigration are likely to dominate the discussion .
 activists : youtube videos show mangled bodies of syrian civilians <sec> videos show people in military uniforms discussing putting weapons on dead bodies .  `` these are the weapons the committee will come film , '' a voice says on the video .  syria has previously described protesters as `` armed criminals '' .  those killed were trying to feed people during a siege on daraa , opposition activists sa .
 source : wife of isis leader held in lebanon <sec> woman part of a group freed in exchange for a group of nuns , intelligence source says .  intelligence source identifies the wife as saja al-dulaimi .  several u.s. sources suggest the person arrested is al-baghdadi 's ex-wife .  little is known about al-baghdadi ; u.s. offers $ 10 million for info leading to hi .
 istanbul suicide bombing kills police officer <sec> woman detonates bomb after saying she 'd lost her wallet , istanbul governor says .  attacker 's identity , motive not immediately known , governor says .  attack happened at police station in popular tourism distric .
 why foreign aid and africa do n't mix <sec> africa has attracted too much aid and interfering by outsiders , says robert calderisi .  most african governments remain stuck in a culture of dependence or indifference .  after decades of aid , conditions for private savings and investment are still forbidding .  imagination and individual initiative important in promoting a better life for africans .
 talk asia meets wang leehom <sec> wang leehom is a multi-million-album selling american-chinese pop star .  sings in mandarin despite it being his second language .  has a successful acting career , appearing in ang lee 's `` lust , caution '' .  web exclusive : watch wang leehom talk about his rivalry with jay cho .
 doctors operate on zsa zsa gabor for blood clot <sec> gabor 's blood clot was a complication from hip surgery .  the actress is expected to stay in the hospital for several days .  gabor left the hospital just two days earlier .  she broke her hip in a fall from her bed in jul .
 u.s. brigadier general dies in afghanistan <sec> terence hildner , 49 , died of `` apparent natural causes '' .  he was commander of the 13th expeditionary sustainment command .  hildner was in afghanistan to support the nato training mission .  his death is under investigatio .
 dhows and donkeys on the island built from coral <sec> lamu is one of the oldest continuously inhabited swahili towns .  there are no cars on the island -- the streets are too narrow and winding .  instead , locals rely on donkeys for transport on the land , and dhows to travel throughout the archipelag .
 maradona attacks 'corrupt ' fifa chiefs <sec> soccer 's ruling body fifa condemned as 'corrupt ' by diego maradona .  argentina legend rants against its officials at press conference in dubai .  the 50-year-old says he has never been comfortable with fifa establishment .  he says its officials tried to prevent him forming a players ' unio .
 'weather 's nice , wish you were here . ' is the postcard passé ? <sec> `` cnn business traveller '' wants to know if you still send postcards .  or is it just easier and faster to send and email or write a blog entry ? .  leave a comment to tell us what you think , and we will publish the bes .
 where does russia 's opposition go from here ? <sec> a series of kremlin critics have been murdered since vladimir putin came to power .  the killing of boris nemtsov has struck fear into the hearts of putin 's critic .
