 america 's coolest small towns 2015 <sec> a small minnesota town takes the top `` coolest small town '' award .  gorgeous scenery , an energetic vibe and a vibrant arts scene are ke .
 nelson mandela celebrates 90th birthday <sec> mandela : called on the rich to help the poor in birthday interview .  it was mandela 's first meeting with reporters since 2004 .  f.w . .  de klerk : mandela `` one of the greatest figures of the 20th century '' .  while in prison , mandela became most significant black leader in south afric .
 dare to dive into the world 's deepest pool ? <sec> deep joy swimming pool features a shaft that plunges to 42 meters below the surface .  pool 's creators hope it 'll put italy 's mntegrotto terme area on the diving map .  scuba enthusiasts and freedivers are expected to make use of the facilit .
 star trek 's glimpse into the future ( opinion ) <sec> star trek actor leonard nimoy died friday , age 83 .  anthony rotolo : it 's difficult to measure the impact of nimoy 's rol .
 researcher sets saltwater on fire <sec> inventor john kanzius uses a radio-wave blaster to make saltwater catch fire .  device could be used to generate cheap energy .  kanzius hopes his device can be used in the fight against cance .
 tepco abandons robot stranded inside fukushima plant <sec> the operator of the fukushima nuclear plant said it has abandoned a robotic probe inside one of the damaged reactors .  a report stated that a fallen object has left the robot stranded .  the robot collected data on radiation levels and investigated the spread of debri .
 uk phone-hacking trial : who is andy coulson ? <sec> andy coulson left news of the world after its then-royal editor was jailed for phone hacking .  coulson said he knew nothing about the hacking but resigned because he had been editor .  then-opposition leader david cameron later hired coulson as his director of communications .  coulson went on trial in october 2013 . .  he was found guilty of conspiracy to hack phone .
 u.s. revokes 3 gaza students ' visas <sec> u.s. state department cites security concerns as reason visas were withdrawn .  three palestinian students were among seven who had earlier had visas pulled .  israel reportedly acts to prevent the students from leaving gaza .  advocacy group says palestinians need more access to higher educatio .
 after 3 bodies found , mayor warns : 'there might be more victims ' <sec> new : `` i always watched him . .  i never turned my back , '' says neighbor who knows suspect .  all three victims were found near each other , wrapped in multiple layers of plastic bags .  the suspect `` idolized '' serial killer anthony sowell , according to the east cleveland mayor .  police and volunteers continue to search the area sunda .
 san francisco puppy saved from trash in nick of time <sec> puppy found on trash conveyor belt at san francisco trash-sorting facility .  `` luckily we stopped the line in time , '' worker tells cnn affiliate ktvu .  dog suffering from bite marks .  animal control department trying to find owne .
 lesbian military widow announces she 'll get death benefits <sec> tracy dice johnson was married to donna johnson , a national guard soldier .  staff sgt . .  donna johnson was killed by a suicide bomber in afghanistan .  dice johnson says va will grant death benefits , she told a gala for gay military familie .
 kenya mall attack video fuels army looting claims <sec> video footage from inside westgate mall appears to show soldiers taking items from a store .  but the store was burned , so it 's hard to say what may have been looted , manager says .  kenya 's president has ordered an inquiry into the claims , says deputy president william ruto .  ministry of defense says it will get to the bottom of the claims , urges people to come forwar .
 convoys from libya trigger questions about gadhafi 's whereabouts <sec> new : burkina faso says despite the african union position , it would respect the international criminal court .  new : `` we follow the law and order , '' rebel council chief negotiator says .  burkina faso says it has not offered gadhafi asylum .  6 high-ranking officials were in a convoy , a source in niger 's interior ministry say .
 how about an ohioan on the presidential ticket ? <sec> paul sracic : ohioans were bombarded with campaign ads and calls .  sracic : in the end , ohio did not matter in barack obama 's re-election .  he says if there was one gop winner in ohio , it was probably sen . .  rob portman .  sracic : maybe it 's time for portman to be a presidential candidate in the next electio .
 goodall : chimps ' plight inspired jackson 's 'heal the world ' <sec> jane goodall says michael jackson loved chimpanzees .  jackson wrote `` heal the world '' to call attention to chimpanzees ' problems .  song became a call to peace for humanity .  goodall said she found jackson to be a `` sad person .
 serena williams in a hurry at u.s. open <sec> serena williams crushes vania king at the u.s. open on thursday .  williams loses just one game in the 56-minute second-round rout in new york .  the u.s. open is williams ' last opportunity to win a major this year .  her chances improved after ana ivanovic was upset in straight set .
 five things we learned on election night <sec> the president increased his support with latinos , the fastest growing segment of the population .  changes in the size of the youth vote and the white vote worked in obama 's favor .  the auto bailout helped obama in ohio , a crucial battleground .  romney failed to expand the map and lost in pennsylvania and minnesot .
 blood found , suspicion cast in missing maine toddler case <sec> ayla reynolds ' parents appear together at an event to thank searchers .  three adults were in ayla 's home the night before she was reported missing .  their accounts do n't `` pass the 'straight-face ' test , '' a maine state spokesman says .  finding out whose blood was found in the home is a top priority , he add .
 original green lantern comes out as gay in dc comics ' 'earth two ' <sec> dc comics ' `` earth two '' issue two shows alan scott , the first green lantern , as an openly gay man .  `` he does n't come out in issue two ; he is already a gay man , '' writer james robinson says .  scott 's sexuality is revealed to the reader in a decidedly matter-of-fact sort of wa .
 bush praises south korea , rebukes north <sec> new : bush voices concerns on pyongyang 's human rights , uranium enrichment .  he spoke hours after thousands protested in the streets of the south korean capital .  he will next visit thailand to make what 's being billed as major speech on asia policy .  his asia trip 's final stop is in beijing , china , where he will attend olympic .
 gingrich : keep bureaucrats ' hands off our smartphones <sec> newt gingrich says bureaucrats regularly overreach , exceeding their authority .  the latest example is claim by nhtsa that it has authority over some smart phone apps , he says .  gingrich : putting these apps under nhtsa regulation risks strangling innovatio .
 more than a nurse : who is ebola patient nina pham ? <sec> nina pham graduated from texas christian university in 2010 .  she received her critical care certification just two months ago .  pham 's family is known for always helping other people , a longtime friend says .  she adores her cavalier king charles spaniel , bentle .
 'honor ' crime : why just kissing a boy can trigger murder <sec> jasvinder sanghera ran away from home aged 15 to escape arranged marriage .  she said her parents disowned her to this day because she 'd `` shamed and dishonored them '' .  her sister committed suicide rather than marry man to whom she was promised .  sanghera : triggers can be trivial or serious ; religious communities doing little to tackle honor crim .
 can 'odd couple ' kerry and lavrov take the edge off ukraine crisis talks ? <sec> john kerry and sergey lavrov to join eu , ukraine for crisis talks in geneva .  pro-russian activists have seized government buildings in eastern ukraine .  experts hope rapport between kerry and lavrov can help pave way for diplomatic solution .  russian , u.s. diplomats have developed mutual respect over numerous face-to-face talk .
 salute the soldiers -- and the generals <sec> ed rollins : senators ' message to petraeus was we love you , but not your war .  he says petraeus and gen. stanley mcchrystal are heroes who deserve to be honored .  after nine years of battle , u.s. public and military are tired of war .  rollins : we should n't forget u.s. did n't seek this war but responded when attacke .
 businesses in depressed indiana town doubt washington can help <sec> elkhart , indiana , entrepreneurs sweating out tough economic times .  several express doubt the federal government can get commerce moving .  loosening of credit would get people spending again , they say .  president obama visited elkhart on monday , mentioned it during press conferenc .
 driver says he did all he could during florida school bus beating <sec> bus driver says intervening would have made things worse .  an attack in florida by three 15-year-olds left a 13-year-old boy with a broken arm .  the driver called for help and told the attackers to leave the boy alone .  but local police suggest he could have done mor .
 railway head : people in canadian city 'wanted to throw stones at me ' <sec> railway chairman about visiting devastated town : `` people wanted to throw stones at me '' .  edward burkhardt believes he was misunderstood , that he does sympathize with victims .  he says he has `` plenty '' of empathy and understands residents `` need to vent .
 on the frigid waves of alaska rides a surfer <sec> alaska 's cook inlet is home to 15-minute long tidal bores .  a tidal bore is a natural wonder when an incoming tide is pushed up by current .  hailey driver , 22 , rides the bore tide using a gopro and a drone .  one surf ride can last miles , she say .
 four shots enough to ward off rabies <sec> between 20,000 and 40,000 people in the u.s. receive the rabies vaccine each year .  the standard vaccine regimen has been five shots over a 28-day period .  wild animals are by far the most common cause of rabies exposure in the u . .
 clinton warns of iranian , chinese gains in latin america <sec> hillary clinton : obama administration trying to improve ties with even harshest critics .  u.s. having to counter efforts by china , russia and iran in region , clinton says .  secretary of state says president bush 's efforts to isolate certain leaders failed .  clinton says u.s. awaiting response from castro brothers in cub .
 emperor penguin that lost its way is released back into native waters <sec> `` happy feet '' was found in june , exhausted and hungry on a new zealand beach .  it had traveled more than 3,000 kilometers from its native antarctica .  it spent the past two months recuperating at the wellington zoo .  penguin needed `` gentle encouragement '' to slide into the southern ocean waters sunda .
 forced spending cuts slash hope for teachers <sec> the federal government is set to cut $ 85 billion this year because of the sequester .  $ 2.5 billion will be cut from the department of education 's budget .  teachers are unsure how these budget cuts will affect them and their students .  many teachers say they are fed up with washington putting education on chopping bloc .
 policewoman targeted as northern ireland tensions rise <sec> secretary of state for northern ireland condemns `` thuggish and lawless behavior '' .  a police officer stationed by a lawmaker 's office was attacked with a petrol bomb , police say .  tensions have been high since belfast city councilors voted to limit the flying of the union flag .  first minister peter robinson : the attack on a police car `` was a despicable act of terror .
 fears for baby polar bear after twin dies <sec> german zookeepers concerned for baby polar bear after its twin died .  young polar bear died monday , less than two weeks after it was born .  baby nowhere to be found in enclosure ; mothers often eat young if sense dange .
 see-through cabins and passenger pods : is this the future of flight ? <sec> aviation 's future must be efficient , greener and easier as air traffic grows .  just 1 % greater fuel efficiency means millions in savings for airlines .  cabins with glass-top ceilings are part of the airbus visio .
 teen dating may spread teen drinking <sec> study says teens will be influenced more by new partner 's friends ' habits .  family and friends can `` spread '' obesity , drinking , smoking , and even happiness .  results emphasize need to learn more about people your teen hangs out wit .
 congress approves more iron dome funding for israel - cnnpolitics.com <sec> house approves $ 225 million measure passed earlier by senate .  support for israel transcends washington political gridlock .  both chambers wrapping up before a five-week summer brea .
 hong kong giant inflatable rubber duck <sec> rubber duck is six stories tall .  will be on display in hong kong until june 9 .  next stop ... the united state .
 chinese soccer : vanity project or emerging superpower ? <sec> veteran didier drogba is the latest star name to join the chinese super league .  striker will be reunite with former chelsea teammate nicolas anelka at shanghai .  italy 's world cup-winning coach marcello lippi is in charge at guangzhou evergrande .  guangzhou boasts star players such as dario conca and lucas barrio .
 humble pope has complicated past <sec> new : vatican says claims about pope francis during dictatorship are false , defamatory .  francis has a long record as a church leader .  he is lauded by many as a humble man .  others question his role during argentina 's dictatorshi .
 police : man said enraged motorist chased him 15 miles <sec> new : the victim was shot several times .  police say they believe timothy davison , 28 , was killed in a road rage incident .  he made 911 calls , saying he was being chased by an enraged motorist , police say .  investigator : `` will this person do it again ? .  we do n't know . .  we do n't want to take that chance .
 opinion : cancer survivor : obamacare got me covered <sec> lori greenstein bremner says she had problems getting insurance after surviving cancer .  bremner says she settled for pricey health policy due to her pre-existing condition .  she says premium hikes left her scaling back coverage for herself and sons to a minimum .  with obamacare , she says she has cheaper , better plan and no one asked about cance .
 sri lankan troops continue advance on rebels <sec> sri lankan government troops continue advance into rebel territory .  troops capture village on main highway linking mainland to jaffna peninsula .  civil war with tamil tigers has killed more than 65,00 .
 cnn student news - february 21 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum 's newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 report : iran nuclear scientist killed in car bomb blast <sec> new : magnetic bombs were used in other iran assassinations , ambassador says .  secretary of state hillary clinton categorically denies u.s. involvement in the killing .  an israeli military spokesman says he does not know who carried out the attack .  a bomb was put under mostafa ahmadi roshan 's car , state-run irna news agency say .
 obama in egypt reaches out to muslim world <sec> president obama touches on iran , mideast conflict , wars in iraq , afghanistan .  obama says u.s. does n't want to keep troops in afghanistan .  u.s. `` does not accept the legitimacy of continued israeli settlements , '' obama says .  obama calls america 's `` strong bond '' with israel `` unbreakable .
 trump sues maher for $ 5 million for orangutan sex joke <sec> bill maher suggests donald trump 's mom mated with an orangutan .  the comedian offers $ 5 million for trump to prove otherwise .  trump 's birth certificate shows fred trump as his father .  trump sues asking maher to pay u .
 authors ' case against google books dismissed <sec> judge dismisses class-action lawsuit against google 's book-scanning program on thursday .  google book program has scanned millions of paper books , made the text searchable online .  authors complained the google project infringes on their copyrigh .
 business strikes back with user reviews <sec> from holidays and restaurants to cab rides and flat shares , business is increasingly driven by peer reviews .  for employees , peer reviews put appraisals into the hands of customers rather than bosses .  trustyou aggregates peer reviews for more than 250 hospitality industry websites .  it says that peer reviews are now the no.1 factor in influencing consumer choice .
 as a strong-willed child , gabby douglas charted her own destiny <sec> gabby douglas of the u.s. is the new olympic women 's all-around gymnastics champion .  douglas decided at age 12 she wanted to work with coach liang chow .  she moved away from her family at age 14 to chase her olympic drea .
 giant duck conquers taiwan <sec> dutch artist florentijn hofman 's giant rubber duck tour arrives in taiwan .  taiwanese team has impressed hofman with new pumping technology that inflates duck in seven minutes .  exhibition expected to draw more than 3 million visitors and generate $ 30 million in revenu .
 obama calls for short-term fix to imminent spending cuts <sec> new : avoid `` self-inflicted wounds '' out of washington , president obama says .  obama says sequester cuts will hurt the economy .  steep spending cuts from a 2011 debt-ceiling deal will impact the government march 1 .  the cuts were intended to force a broader deficit reduction deal that never happene .
 where can you find the 'perfect mango ' ? <sec> the international mango festival takes places every year in miami , bringing together mango enthusiasts and experts .  dozens of varieties from around the world can be tasted , cooked and bid for during the two-day event .  the fairchild mango was named after david fairchild , who introduced mangoes to the u.s. in early 1900 .
 feared basij militia has deep history in iranian conflict <sec> mysterious militia was established in 1979 by ayatollah ruhollah khomeini .  during iran-iraq war in 1980s , they created `` human waves '' to clear minefields .  after war , basij returned to role of internal security force to enforce islamic morality .  basij noticeably took the lead in crowd control when street demonstrations starte .
 opinion : why weeping brazil fans honored germany 's team <sec> amy bass : brazil trashed by germany at world cup , but it was more : it was historic .  she says germany 's rout , with fast , furious scoring , denied brazil its sure-thing victory .  she says excuses can be made , but germany was great ; brazil coach wisely said `` life goes on '' .  bass : brazil fans gave splendid display of `` beautiful game '' by standing in tribute to german .
 new orleans : singing the broom strummer blues <sec> cnn 's mike ahlers recalls a photo opportunity that got away .  a character he met in new orleans in the mid-'70s made a lasting impression .  the `` broom strummer '' marked the end of an era for this autho .
 tv 's new retro babes are no role models <sec> `` the playboy club '' and `` pan am '' look back before women 's liberation , says laura stepp .  today 's young women see the shows only as harmless period pieces , stepp says .  but in the workplace , women have still not achieved equality , she says .  even so , women are `` coming out of the starting gate with more speed , '' says step .
 russian ship stuck in ice near antarctica <sec> polar expedition ship with 74 aboard sends a christmas distress signal .  three icebreakers are heading for the trapped vessel .  the ship is stuck near antarctica , 1,500 nautical miles south of tasmania .  the australian maritime safety authority is coordinating the rescu .
 bamboo forest vs. stone castle : the rival empires of japanese whiskey <sec> japanese whiskeys are being judged among the best in the world .  a japanese whiskey pilgrimage starts at suntory 's yamazaki distillery .  nikka 's main distillery is in a stone fortress in yoichi , hokkaido .  at both distilleries , visitors can buy rare whiskeys only available on sit .
 south korea : external explosion sank ship <sec> south korean investigators say naval ship was sunk by external blast .  wreckage of vessel was raised from yellow sea floor on thursday .  of 104 crew members , 58 were rescued after explosion .  south korean media rife with speculation over what caused blas .
 platini backs russia 's right to play in world cup in brazil <sec> michel platini dismisses calls to bar russia from participating at world cup in brazil .  uefa president also advises against sporting boycotts as ukrainians ponder sochi protest .  ukrainian delegation set to reveal whether it will boycott or not on friday .  platini says he played at 1978 world cup despite misgivings about situation in argentin .
 witness : joy as opposition beats back gadhafi forces in misrata <sec> new : videos online show damage to buildings and waving of the opposition 's flag .  a doctor at a hospital in the city says 42 people were killed , 85 wounded .  witness in misrata : `` everyone is hugging everyone '' despite `` blood everywhere '' .  pro-gadhafi demonstrators in tripoli claimed the government had taken the cit .
 novak djokovic hit by recurrence of right arm injury <sec> novak djokovic forced out of madrid open with injury .  right arm problem flares up again .  injury first hit djokovic at monte carlo masters .  former british no.1 elena baltacha dies of liver cance .
