 al qaeda blamed for yemen attack <sec> yemen says al qaeda behind bombing that killed 4 tourists , according to local press .  four fatalities were south korean citizens ; nationalities of injured unknown .  suicide blast occurred sunday in city of shibam , a unesco world heritage sit .
 al qaeda 's training adapts to drone attacks <sec> al qaeda recruit tells of weapons and explosives training courses .  group trained in a small mountain shack -- a far cry from large afghan camps .  al qaeda also offered electronics , sniper , and poisons training courses .  some sessions could be geared for killing in europe and united state .
 pakistan arrests london bombings suspect <sec> officials say arrested al qaeda militant has ties to 2005 london subway bombings .  52 killed , 900 wounded from bombs on 3 subway trains and a bus on july 7 , 2005 .  zabih al-taifi arrested in village near peshawar in ongoing security operation .
 federer , serena williams triumphant on opening day of french open <sec> serena williams drops one game in winning her first round match at the french open .  williams lost in the first round last year , her lone exit at the opening stage of a major .  roger federer advances in straight sets over a spanish qualifier .  former world no . .  1 lleyton hewitt blows a two-set lead to france 's gilles simo .
 pope visits africa , reaffirms ban on condoms <sec> pope benedict xvi refuses to soften the vatican 's ban on condom use .  he made comments as he arrived in africa for his first visit to the continent as pope .  he is visiting cameroon , the first stop on a trip that will also take him to angola .  sub-saharan africa has been hit harder by aids and hiv than any other regio .
 mma fighter calls transgender fighter 'disgusting freak , ' is suspended <sec> matt mitrione 's suspension is indefinite , ultimate fighting championship group says .  mitrione , a former nfl player , appeared monday on a show called `` the mma hour '' .  he criticized fighter fallon fox : `` you lied on your license to beat up women '' .  ufc says it `` finds mr. mitrione 's comments offensive and wholly unacceptable .
 boy george jailed for 15 months <sec> former culture club singer jailed for falsely imprisoning a male escort .  the victim , audun carlsen , claimed he was also beaten with a chain .  boy george , whose real name is george o'dowd , has battled drug addiction .  he spent 5 days cleaning the streets of manhattan in 2006 on community orde .
 u.s. focuses on libyan humanitarian aid <sec> the u.s. government has sent two c-130 cargo planes to tunisia .  the airplanes have supplies meant to help with the humanitarian crisis in libya .  u.s. authorities are considering multiple ways to help , secretary of state hillary clinton says .  sen. john mccain is among those pushing to create a no-fly zone in liby .
 boston bombing trial plea deal fails - cnnpolitics.com <sec> dzhokhar tsarnaev 's defense attorneys and federal prosecutors have spoken but failed to reach a plea deal .  one of the biggest outstanding questions of the trial is whether tsarnaev will get the death penalty or life without parole .  attorney general eric holder is a critic of the death penalty , but he authorized seeking capital punishment in this cas .
 election on pace to shatter voter turnout records <sec> new : officials in battleground state of missouri report very high turnout .  despite long lines , rain and cold , americans make sure they have their say .  people wait to vote as long as 11 hours at a polling place near philadelphia .  more than 24 million people had already cast ballots in early or absentee votin .
 opinion : should gays athletes be in the locker room ? <sec> will cain and chris kluwe debate having openly gay athletes in the locker room .  cain : larry johnson 's discomfort with openly gay athletes in the nba is understandable .  kluwe : a person 's sexual orientation should n't be a problem in a professional setting .  cain : gay athletes should n't have to live a lie , but some people will be uncomfortabl .
 davids : soccer not tackling racism <sec> edgar davids says the problem of racism in football is not being addressed .  the former ac milan star has been involved in a war of words with johan cruyff .  davids tells cnn that action must be taken when racist abuse occurs .  he says the dutch press have `` let slide '' cruyff 's comments at a board meetin .
 steven gerrard to leave liverpool at end of season <sec> steven gerrard to leave liverpool at end of 2014-2015 season .  gerrard has played nearly 700 times for liverpool .  midfielder will continue playing football -- but not in english premier leagu .
 hawaii does n't have to finish last in voting <sec> based on 2008 numbers , hawaii needs 11,466 new voters to jump out of last place .  the state had the lowest voter turnout in 2008 , making it the subject of a cnn series .  cnn 's change the list hopes to try to increase voter turnout in the islands .  john sutter : new get-out-the-vote efforts could lead to increased participatio .
 japanese pm faces no-confidence vote in parliament <sec> new : the opposition cites his handling of the march 11 disaster .  the motion needs 240 votes to pass .  if it passes , kan will have to step down within 10 day .
 hunger grows in the heartland <sec> children whose families need food are helped discreetly in moberly , missouri .  bob greene says the number of kids picking up backpacks of food has more than doubled .  some may talk of an economic rebound , but it does n't feel that way in moberly , he say .
 what is a tablet , anyway ? <sec> tablet computers get buzz at ces , but people disagree about what they are .  most are characterized by their size : they are smaller than laptops and bigger than phones .  hp says tablets have keyboards and `` slate '' computers only have touch-screens .  computer makers are trying out new categories to see what will stick with consumer .
 q & a ; : 'breaking bad ' star anna gunn on skyler 's suffering <sec> anna gunn plays the wife of a drug lord on `` breaking bad .  there has been a backlash against gunn 's character skyler white .  the actress says some scenes can be emotionally taxin .
 cheney vows 'unshakable ' commitment to israel <sec> the vice president kicks off a weekend of talks with israeli and palestinian leaders .  cheney says the u.s. is committed to israel 's right to defend itself .  he plans to attend an easter service sunday in jerusalem .  a delegation of gop members of the u.s. house of representatives is also in israe .
 opinion : execution , a 19th-century relic we still ca n't get right <sec> mark o'mara acknowledges if anyone deserved death penalty , clayton lockett did .  o'mara : but execution is a 19th-century relic , and we still ca n't do it properly .  he asks how many innocent inmates have been killed ? .  o'mara : it does n't deter crime , and victims ' families often left feeling no relie .
 chavez says doctors removed cancerous tumor from his body <sec> `` we will live and we will overcome , '' chavez says in closing .  he says doctors found `` an abscessed tumor with cancerous cells '' .  chavez does not reveal treatment details or when he will return to venezuela .  thursday 's speech is chavez 's first on state television since his june 10 surger .
 cska moscow hit with racism sanction for yaya toure abuse <sec> uefa punish cska moscow for racism offenses .  the russian club will play its next champions league game with part of the stadium closed .  racist abuse occurred during cska 's match against manchester city on october 2 .
 the gruesome toll of deadly cluster bombs in syria <sec> human rights watch says cluster bombs were used on syrian town of latamneh .  cluster bombs release dozens of smaller bombs , which can maim or kill long after impact .  syrian regime has previously denied cluster bombs on civilian .
 israel weighs iranian threat <sec> senior israeli lawmakers have iran top of the country 's threat list .  they believe u.s. attempts at negotiation could fall short .  former diplomat says it is believed iran still has secret sites for nuclear program .  one analyst says if iran develops nuclear bomb it does not mean they would use i .
 malala 's journey from near death to recovery <sec> new : malala yousafzai will return to hospital in birmingham , england for more surgery .  taliban gunmen stopped a van carrying malala and shot her .  the extremists wanted to kill her for promoting education for girls .  there was a global outpouring of sympathy for malala , as she fought for her lif .
 aaron hernandez murder trial : defense rests <sec> closing arguments in the case are set for tuesday .  aaron hernandez is charged with first-degree murder in the killing of odin lloyd .  his defense lawyers made their case on monda .
 prison employee sentenced to prison for having sex with inmate <sec> former prison secretary janine sligar had sex with inmate .  sligar sentenced to six months on charge of sexual abuse of a ward .  documents : sligar , inmate had 10 to 20 sexual encounters .  sligar detailed liaisons in journal , admitted taking and giving inmate graphic photo .
 fawcett 's friend : no one has given her a timetable <sec> `` insider '' host lara spencer says friends , family holding out for a miracle .  farrah fawcett has been fighting stage 4 anal cancer , which has spread .  doctor who once treated her calls condition `` very , very serious '' .  another doctor said actress has handled illness with `` courage and dignity .
 fifa approves headscarves but bans all slogans on undershirts <sec> fifa sanctions wearing of headscarves following a successful trial period .  football governing body caused controversy when imposing ban in 2007 .  fifa also announce that all slogans on undergarments will be banned from june .
 ankara mayor 's bbc spy claims spark hashtag war <sec> ankara 's mayor has used his twitter account to accuse a bbc correspondent of spying .  mayor ibrahim melih gokcek created a hashtag to spread the claims against the journalist .  however , online opponents mobilized their own hashtag in response to melih gokcek .  their hashtag - accusing melih gocek of being a provocateur - became more widely sprea .
 is your doctor prescribing a placebo ? <sec> study in british medical journal sparks debate about placebos .  author says it 's unethical for doctors to suggest medication not proven to work .  doctors often prescribe vitamins , antibiotics , aspirin or sedative .
 body found near highway could be jeremiah oliver , missing 5-year-old <sec> da : child 's body found in duffel bag matches size of jeremiah oliver .  jeremiah , 5 , was missing for months before police were alerted .  mom , boyfriend were indicted in march in his disappearance .  case called `` serious failure '' for massachusetts department of children and familie .
 toyota chief to employees : we must restart <sec> employees applaud often during speeches by all five toyota executives .  toyoda doing aggressive charm offensive to bolster company 's image .  toyota has had to recall 8.5 million cars in north america , europe , china and japa .
 in alabama , frightened students huddle as tornado approaches <sec> blair scott sent a text warning to his daughter at buckhorn high school .  one of two apparent tornadoes was heading straight toward her .  the students huddled in a dark , damp hallway .  everyone was terrified , said scott 's daughter ros .
 barbara bush out of icu after surgery <sec> barbara bush had surgery to repair and seal a perforated ulcer .  bush , 83 , is in good spirits and was joking with hospital staffers .  former first lady being fed intravenously to avoid stretching abdomen .  the ulcer has been biopsied and is benig .
 new era for georgia as nation moves closer to russia <sec> for the first time , power is set to be transferred by free and fair elections instead of revolution .  prime minister-elect bidzina ivanishvili made his fortune in russia during the 1990s .  during a bitter election campaign , government officials accused him of wanting to return georgia to russia 's sphere of influence .  russian prime minister dmitry medvedev has welcomed the election resul .
 steve israel : legacy gop wants you to forget ( opinion ) <sec> steve israel : middle class worries about money , equal pay , crumbling infrastructure .  he says gop has not shown these are its priorities ; party instead attacks obama .  he says boehner 's congress will be remembered for shutting down government in 2013 .  israel : democrats running in 2014 will focus on the real priorities of the middle clas .
 'michael j fox show ' : what 's the verdict ? <sec> michael j . .  fox returned to tv on thursday night .  he stars in the new nbc comedy `` the michael j . .  fox show '' .  critics had mixed feelings about the first few episodes .  fox is still great , but the series itself needs some wor .
 pepe puts juventus back on top <sec> simone pepe scores the only goal in juventus ' 1-0 win at title rivals lazio .  turin side can now go four points clear of udinese by beating napoli on tuesday .  napoli need a late goal from striker edinson cavani to draw 1-1 with atalanta .  champions ac milan can join udinese on 24 points with a home victory against chiev .
 aclu : lawsuit alleges 3 immigrant women assaulted while in ice custody <sec> the aclu says three immigrant women were sexually assaulted in ice custody .  a class-action lawsuit has been filed on their behalf , the aclu says .  `` we believe these complaints are just the tip of the iceberg , '' an aclu lawyer says .  ice says all abuse allegations are investigated and the agency has a `` zero tolerance '' polic .
 'night stalker ' ramirez died of cancer , autopsy finds <sec> serial killer richard ramirez died of lymphoma , coroner finds .  he was dubbed `` night stalker '' for breaking into houses overnight and attacking victims .  he had been sentenced to death for 13 murders , 11 sexual assaults and other crime .
 frigid air from the north pole : what 's this polar vortex ? <sec> polar vortex is circulation of strong , upper-level winds that normally surround the north pole .  the distortion can lead to major cold air outbreaks in north america , europe and asia .  a cold air outbreak caused by the polar vortex is much more widespread than a single storm .  research suggests the distortion could be a side effect of global warmin .
 billy bob thornton 's daughter guilty of manslaughter <sec> amanda brumfield was babysitting an infant who died after a fall .  she was acquitted of murder and child abuse .  brumfield , 32 , is estranged from her actor fathe .
 tulsa police chief to suspected lone gunman : 'we 're coming for you ' <sec> new : the two survivors ' conditions are thought to have improved , a police captain says .  they were among five black people shot , three fatally , early friday in tulsa , oklahoma .  tulsa 's police chief asks for the public 's help in finding the suspected gunman .  an naacp leader suspects it 's a hate crime , but the chief says there 's no proof of that ye .
 manchester city end bayern munich 's winning streak <sec> final group matches of champions league being played tuesday and wednesday .  manchester city end bayern munich 's ten-game winning run with sensational 3-2 win .  bayer leverkusen finish runners up to manchester united in group a .  snowstorm causes abandonment of game between galatasaray and juventu .
 peres : iran in 'open war ' with israel <sec> shimon peres blames iran and hezbollah for an attack that killed 5 israelis .  the president wo n't confirm israel has been killing iranian nuclear scientists .  israel will act on its own to secure syria 's chemical weapons if necessary , he vows .  the country will not allow syrian refugees to flood in amid the violence there , he say .
 opinion : which politician do you hate ? <sec> frida ghitis : frustration with politics leads people to lash out with hatred .  she says rather than hate bush , obama , boehner or cruz , look at the root causes .  ghitis says u.s. political system rewards polarization , which wins low-turnout elections .  centrists need to speak out to put politicians on the right track , she say .
 documenting an army platoon 's 'descent into madness ' <sec> jim frederick tells story of u.s. army 's 101st airborne division in iraq .  group of soldiers deployed to infamous `` triangle of death '' in 2005 .  disciplinary , psychological deterioration led to `` most heinous '' war crim .
 exploring homosexual identity through anonymity <sec> homosexuality is illegal in iran .  denizli , turkey , is host to hundreds of gays and lesbians from iran .  photographer laurence rasti traveled to turkey to explore her fascination with identity issue .
 david tutera 's ex : splitting up twins is 'complex ' <sec> `` my fair wedding '' host david tutera and his soon-to-be ex-husband ryan jurica will split twins .  the couple broke up after a surrogate was implanted with embryos from each man .  `` i still feel like i lost a daughter , '' jurica says as he raises his son , cedric , on his ow .
 five nuggets before start of ces <sec> several companies gave sneak peeks at wares they 'll be showing off at ces .  more goodies will show up in the next few days once ces kicks off .  in the meantime , we got to play with tweeting appliances and camera-equipped goggle .
 lottery winners claim half of $ 380 million <sec> washington state couple jim , carolyn mccullar claim $ 190 million lottery jackpot .  fearful of coming forward at first , he felt like `` a field mouse '' as hawks circled .  the other winner is from idaho and has yet to come forward .  $ 380 million jackpot was second-highest in mega millions histor .
 dawn of the dirigibles : the new age of the airship ? <sec> u.s. company aeros developing massive airship to carry heavy cargo long distances .  aeroscraft will take off and land vertically , like a helicopter , without need for a runway .  project is just one of a number of airships and aerostats being planned for a variety of uses .  airships once feted as future of flying , but fell out of favor after the hindenburg disaste .
 'priceless ' african water lily stolen from london 's kew gardens <sec> the tiny nymphaea thermarum is stolen from the royal botanic gardens at kew .  the water lily is the smallest in the world and incredibly rare .  it was saved from extinction by horticulturalists at kew and in germany .  it was discovered in 1987 , growing in the mud by a freshwater hot spring in rwand .
 why obama desperately wants iran nuclear deal <sec> frida ghitis : president barack obama is right to want a deal , but this one gives iran too much .  she says the framework agreement starts lifting iran sanctions much too soo .
 kurdish forces repel isis offensive near irbil <sec> kurdish commanders say about 40 isis fighters were killed .  fighting raged for hours between isis and kurdish fighters near irbil , ira .
 unbeaten juventus back on top in italy <sec> juventus are back on top of the serie a table after a 3-0 home win over palermo .  unbeaten juve lead lazio on goal difference , although they also have a game in hand .  previous leaders udinese now in fourth place after slumping to a 2-0 defeat at parm .
 american ebola patient coming home <sec> dr. rick sacra will be flown to nebraska for treatment .  sacra was stationed in liberia when he caught the ebola virus .  aid organization says he will have better access to care in u.s .
 plane crashes on n.j. interstate ; 5 killed <sec> an investment firm identifies those killed in the crash .  before the crash , the pilot mentioned icing , ntsb investigator says .  the crash 's debris field stretches over a half-mile .  crash shut down most of interstate 287 in morristown , new jerse .
 a bluffer 's guide to rugby union <sec> the 2011 rugby world cup will begin on friday in new zealand .  the opening match will see the hosts take on tonga .  held every four years , the tournament will run from september 9 to october 2 .
 hearings begin in uk iraq war inquiry <sec> hearings begin in uk iraq inquiry to determine legality of the iraq war .  promised to be the most thorough investigation into britain 's involvement in the war .  hearings will be televised after initial plans for closed-door sessions were criticised .  former prime minister tony blair will be called to testif .
 gomez double strike sees bayern sink man city <sec> bayern munich defeat manchester city 2-0 in champions league group a .  mario gomez scores twice for bayern who have a maximum six points from two games .  former city captain carlos tevez refuses to come onto the pitch as a second half substitute .  manchester united score a last-gasp equalizer to earn a 3-3 home draw with base .
 app stores : gatekeepers , or censors of the mobile web ? <sec> controversy over adult content on mobile apps highlights control over free speech .  apple has banned some apps from its store because of sexual images .  tech titans may have more power over internet free speech than some governments .  apple promises a mobile experience free from porn and other irritant .
 fugitive american minister caught in brazil <sec> victor barnard is accused of 59 counts of sexual assault on two young girls .  he was a preacher of a religious group that had a camp in minnesota .  authorities have been looking to arrest him since april 201 .
