 gore vidal , chronicler of american life and politics , dies <sec> new : vidal was `` the godfather of gay literature , '' author says .  he died of complications from pneumonia , his nephew says .  he wrote more than 20 novels and appeared in a number of films .  he unsuccessfully ran for office twic .
 diprivan risk well-known to doctors <sec> anesthesiologist : diprivan `` as dangerous as it comes , '' without proper guidance .  sources say jackson traveled with an anesthesiologist during world tour in 1990s .  doctor would `` take him down '' at night and `` bring him back up , '' sources say .  associated press : unnamed law enforcement source says diprivan found in hous .
 mississippi man faces sixth capital murder trial in 1996 shootings <sec> curtis flowers is accused of shooting and killing former employer , 3 others in 1996 .  three convictions reversed due to prosecutorial misconduct , racial bias in jury selection .  two more trials ended in hung juries that split along racial lines .  montgomery county district attorney says evidence is there to convict flower .
 bonnie and clyde 's guns go for anything but a steal at auction <sec> bonnie parker 's personal colt .38 snub-nosed revolver sells for $ 264,000 .  clyde barrow 's colt .45 sells for $ 240,000 .  the pistols were a small part of the arsenal found in the couple 's stolen car .  officer involved in their fatal 1934 ambush was allowed to keep the gun .
 oil spills : a frightening way of responding ( opinion ) <sec> authors : when oil spills happen , responders are faced with tough choices .  to fight bp oil spill in gulf of mexico , huge amounts of chemical dispersants were used .  authors say adding more chemicals to seawater is scary trade-off but can be worth it .  dispersants work like dishwater detergent to break apart droplets of oil , authors sa .
 what do shutdown and debt limit have to do with obamacare ? <sec> the federal government is facing a potential government shutdown next week .  meanwhile , if debt ceiling is n't raised , the government will soon be unable to pay its debts .  many are confused about the difference between the two and their link to obamacare .  the affordable care act is being used as a bargaining chip in both debate .
 apparently this matters : frozen animal sperm <sec> scientists in japan have developed a new way to freeze animal sperm .  professor takehito kaneko aims to collect sperm from endangered species .  kaneko believes someday we can populate other planets with earth 's animal .
 as indian football sleeps , its young hopefuls dream of playing abroad <sec> india 's national football team ranks 149 out of 209 fifa member nations .  india used to be among the best in asia at the sport until the 1970s .  fifa president sepp blatter describes indian football as a `` sleeping giant '' .  dutchman rob baan signals hope as the nation 's first technical directo .
 mindy mccready fights for custody of son <sec> a judge could decide if mccready 's son lives with the singer or the boy 's grandmother .  no decision has been made in the case .  mccready took her son late last month , but she does not have legal custody .  the boy is in foster care in arkansa .
 grand slam promotion a home run , denny 's says <sec> restaurant chain says it served 2 million free breakfasts in eight hours .  each of 1,500 eateries served about 130 slams per hour , company says .  cost of promotion , including super bowl ad , was $ 5 million , denny 's says .  competitor ihop to give away pancakes on february 2 .
 washington monument to reopen in may <sec> a 2011 earthquake damaged the washington monument .  the repair job has cost $ 15 million and taken nearly three years .  the monument will reopen officially in ma .
 death toll hits 55 in philippines ferry disaster <sec> new : diving efforts are suspended because of bad weather , pna says .  the ferry sank friday after colliding with a cargo ship off cebu city .  rescuers have saved 750 people , but dozens remain missing .  more divers are expected to arrive monday to help with search effort .
 opinion : how can we be safe from tornadoes ? <sec> joshua wurman : research has improved tornado tracking , but it remains imprecise , flawed .  he says warning speed , false alarms change little . .  people still die . .  we must do better .  he says synthesis of research , radar observation will help . .  communications must improve .  wurman : public must heed warnings , build tornado-proof structures , to bring deaths to zer .
 five things we learned from day one of the u.n. debate <sec> new : the middle east , particularly iran and syria , dominates the first day .  new : the u.n. secretary-general and leaders of the u.s. , france and pakistan speak .  new : the addresses highlight some of the differences among member nation .
 defending champion clijsters to miss u.s. open <sec> kim clijsters pulls out of u.s. open with an abdominal injury .  two-time defending champion clijsters has missed final three grand slams of 2011 .  clijsters sustained the injury in the rogers cup in toronto last week .  maria sharapova marches into semifinals in cincinnati to play vera zvonarev .
 welcome to ghana : exotic wildlife , historic castles and a golden coast <sec> ghana is a country rich in history , culture and natural beauty .  mole national park is home to more than 93 species of mammal .  elmina castle is the oldest remaining slave castle in africa .  osu , in accra , offers visitors a vibrant nightlif .
 roboputt : rise of the golfing machines ? <sec> robotics technology is becoming more widespread in the golf industry .  it is widely used in performance testing of equipment such as balls and clubs .  san diego-based company is developing a robot golfer .  future roles could involve robots as caddies or personal coache .
 what you need to know about pauly shore <sec> his latest project is a comedy special , `` vegas is my oyster , '' airing on showtime .  shore 's comedian father , sammy , was elvis presley 's opening act .  if shore , 43 , were to settle down , he says a sharon osbourne type is his idea .
 atlanta air travel freeze thawing out <sec> airline , airport employees struggle to return to work in atlanta .  hundreds of atlanta flights have been canceled thursday .  cancellations expected to drop as atlanta temperatures ris .
 isis calls for attacks in u.s. and allies <sec> a new video is released of a french hostage , taken in algeria .  the u.s. says it wo n't respond to `` every new piece of isil propaganda '' .  australia , france and uk speak out against new isis threats .  isis spokesman : kill disbelievers , whether they are american or frenc .
 ginger the robot wants to make you lol <sec> introducing the human and robot comedy duo with a difference .  researcher heather knight and ginger the robot perform on stage .  machine picks up on audiences responses like laughter and applause .  could shape the personalities of robots in the futur .
 indian top court scraps scandal-hit telecom licenses <sec> new : telecom minister says verdict puts an end to confusion in the market .  the former telecom minister awarded the licenses in 2008 .  the 2008 license sale is considered india 's biggest corruption scandal under the prime minister .  the former minister is in jail for his alleged role in what is believed to be a rigged sale of radio waves to companie .
 miss california alyssa campanella wins miss usa pageant <sec> the california contestant beat 51 other women to win the crown .  fans were able to participate and help choose semifinalists .  campanella succeeds rima fakih , the first miss usa who is arab-american and musli .
 obama : u.s. to continue operations in iraq <sec> new : united states attempted a rescue in syria , pentagon spokesman says .  more americans , including steven sotloff , held by isis , official says .  `` the united states will do what we must , '' president obama says .  airstrikes resume near mosul dam , a day after video of u.s. journalis .
 little is off limits for outspoken pope francis <sec> pope francis has astonished millions with his commentary on social , church issues .  he 's given hope to gays and lesbians with comforting words .  and he 's poked capitalists who he says are too focused on money .  not even his own church is off limit .
 hookers for jesus founder , christian rocker wed in vegas <sec> the bride : annie lobért , a former prostitute and founder of hookers for jesus .  the groom : musician oz fox , longtime member of the christian band stryper .  couple wed in south las vegas in front of an applauding crowd and a web audience .  lobért 's mission : to save the souls of women who sell their bodie .
 judge rules against ncaa on compensation <sec> the judge sides with an ex-ucla college basketball star who challenged the ncaa .  the ncaa says college athletes are amateurs , rewarded with an education .  the ruling could potentially change college sports drasticall .
 more officers hit the streets of new york after spate of gun violence <sec> in new york , 26 people were reported shot in a 72-hour period from friday to sunday .  more officers will go to public housing and anti-crime units .  investigators are also monitoring gangs for any signs of planned retributio .
 blasts claim lives in iraq , afghanistan , syria on muslim holy day <sec> isaf service member killed in southern afghanistan .  in eastern afghanistan , a bomb inside a mosque kills a governor .  in iraq , worshippers are targeted as they leave a prayer service .  in syria , three children are kille .
 star jones : 'i am the face of heart disease ' <sec> tv personality star jones was diagnosed with heart disease in 2010 .  heart disease is the leading cause of death for men and women , but it 's preventable .  february is american heart month , and friday is national wear red da .
 obama signs documents for new nuclear arms treaty with russia <sec> obama signs the new start treaty .  the treaty will go into effect following an official exchange of documents .  the accord limits both america and russia to 1,550 warheads and 700 launchers .  the treaty will allow for a resumption of inspections of each country 's nuclear arsena .
 italian cruise ship captain must remain under house arrest , judge rules <sec> new : cruise ship captain 's attorney calls house arrest ruling `` quite positive '' .  an italian court orders the captain of the shipwrecked costa concordia to remain on house arrest .  prosecutors wanted francesco schettino sent back to jail .  defense lawyers wanted him free .
 france raises taxes on rich , cuts spending in 2013 budget <sec> new : france 's budget for 2013 aims to save 10 billion euros in public spending .  new : pm jean-marc ayrault says 9 out of 10 households are spared income tax increases .  new : but a new 45 % tax bracket and a 75 % windfall tax on the super-rich are introduced .  ayrault says it is a `` combat budget '' designed to cut france 's soaring deb .
 russia : cargo rocket crashes in siberia <sec> new : russian space chief says the six people aboard the iss have enough food to last .  the unmanned rocket crashed in a remote area of siberia , emergency officials say .  the progress cargo freighter was taking supplies to the international space station .  nasa 's 30-year-old space shuttle program came to an end last mont .
 official : soldiers argued before two were killed <sec> soldiers engaged in `` verbal altercation '' before shooting , official says .  spc . .  neftaly platero is in pre-trial confinement , officials say .  platero and pfc . .  gebrah p. noonan may have been friends .  the army is investigatin .
 zahir belounis : 'stranded ' footballer back in paris after qatar nightmare <sec> zahir belounis returns to paris with his family after finally leaving qatar .  football player arrives in france thursday along with wife and daughters .  he is met by his mother , brother and another player with qatar dispute .  belounis says he is `` much stronger '' but `` the fight is not over .
 isis appears to demand swap for japan hostage <sec> an isis-affiliated radio station reports death of one hostage and prisoner swap demand .  a video calls for release of an iraqi woman convicted over terrorist attacks in jordan .  `` i 'd like to hold him in my arms , '' says father of the hostage apparently killed by isi .
 seven famous people who survived bankruptcy <sec> milton hershey 's first candy shop went bankrupt .  burt reynolds had to file for bankruptcy after he spent more than he earned .  a business panic in 1875 bankrupted h.j . .  heinz 's first enterprise .  p.t . .  barnum had a bad habit of borrowing cash and not paying it bac .
 rosalia mera , spain 's richest woman and co-founder of zara dies <sec> spanish media reported that rosalia mera had suffered a stroke while in menorca .  the self-made billionaire was aged 69 . .  she leaves behind two children , sandra and marcos . .  mera and her ex-husband amancio ortega opened their first zara store in spain in 1975 .  the clothing chain expanded worldwide , becoming one of the biggest retailer .
 toshiba libretto w100 , answer to ipad <sec> toshiba calls it a concept pc , but it looks very finished and ready for market release .  toshiba claims the libretto w100 will be released later this summer in a limited capacity .  the libretto w100 has dual 7.0-inch multi-touch displays with 1024×600 pixel resolutio .
 is obama tarnishing his legacy ? ( opinion ) <sec> lz : syria bombing a reminder that obama is not the president his supporters expected .  polls show dems , independents disappointed . .  will war , in the end , be obama 's legacy ? .  elected as war-ending change agent , obama spoke this week about u.s. strikes on terror .  lz : despite obamacare , better economy , and more , many are disappointed . .  is obama too .
 members of king family in bus accident <sec> a bus was carrying members of king family after 'dream ' speech ceremony .  the bus and a car collided near washington 's tidal basin just off the national mall .  reality star omarosa manigault said she was on the bus : 'we were very afraid ' .  mall police say a person in the car taken to hospital ; no report yet on bus passenger .
 bilbao forward llorente opens talks with juventus <sec> juventus open talks with athletic bilbao 's fernando llorente .  the spanish striker is out of contract at the san mames in june .  llorente won both 2010 world cup and euro 2012 with the spanish national team .  the 27-year-old international has two goals in 16 appearances this seaso .
 slovyansk burns as new ukrainian president poroshenko yearns for peace <sec> civilians caught in a crossfire between ukrainian troops and pro-russian separatists .  social media video shows extensive damage in the city of 130,000 people .  president petro poroshenko has consulted with france , germany and russia on peace push .  poroshenko : 'every day of ukraine paying such a high price is an unacceptable one .
 fall back -- and gain an hour -- this weekend , thanks to daylight saving <sec> at 2 a.m. sunday , most americans should turn back their clocks one hour .  devised by benjamin franklin , daylight saving took hold in the u.s. last centur .
 north korean prison camp survivor changes story <sec> shin dong-hyuk has changed `` key parts of his story , '' the author of a book about him says .  shin 's accounts of his time in a north korean prison camp have been widely reported .  the publisher says it 's working on `` an accurate understanding of the facts .
 colombia freezes fuel prices <sec> price freeze on gas , other fuels takes effect thursday , runs through march .  freeze is to give consumers `` a signal of stability , '' energy minister tells newspaper .  gas prices ca n't rise or fall under the freeze , hernan martinez torres says .  price freeze does n't affect propane ; its price is set to drop 25 percent , paper report .
 essentials you ca n't afford to skimp on <sec> financial expert jean chatzky : do n't cut house insurance coverage .  continue contributions to 401 ( k ) if your company is matching .  study finds exercise significantly cuts health care costs .  giving money , goods or time to charities can make you feel goo .
 kidney odyssey takes kenyan to india <sec> woman travels from kenya to india for a tricky third kidney transplant .  lorna irungu suffers from lupus and already has received two previous transplants .  one kidney was removed during the surgery to make room for the new kidney .  irungu now has four kidneys , but only one works properl .
 pennsylvania game warden killed after stopping vehicle <sec> pennsylvania game warden fatally wounded .  suspect sustained gunshot wound and is in police custody .  david grove is the first game commission officer killed in the line of duty since 191 .
 worldwide swine flu cases continue to rise <sec> largest outbreak was in mexico which had 156 confirmed cases .  the virus had spread to 11 countries , with western hemisphere hardest hit .  mexico suspects 150 deaths have been caused by h1n1 virus .  u.s. and mexico the only countries showing human-to-human spread so fa .
 george clooney crashes 'tomorrowland ' panel in n.y . <sec> george clooney promotes `` tomorrowland '' at new york comic con .  actor `` spending my honeymoon at comic con '' for film .  movie is directed by brad bird .  clooney married amal alamuddin last mont .
 life 's to-do 's listed in new book <sec> figuring out to-do lists of life made easier with new book and iphone app .  rory tahari , wife of fashion designer elie tahari , has kept lists since childhood .  `` it 's just how my brain is wired . .  it 's part of my dna , '' she say .
 brdsnbz : new mexico teens can text sex questions to hotline <sec> the service is available in spanish and english .  it lets new mexico teens text sexual health questions anytime .  within 24 hours , a response comes in the form of a text .  teen birth rates in the u.s. are at historic lows , but are higher than other western countrie .
 south korea fires warning shots at north korean fishing boats <sec> the north korean fishing boats retreated after the warning , the south says .  the south korean navy issued warning messages before firing .  fatal naval clashes have taken place periodically between the two korea .
 basketball star dies after winning shot in team 's perfect season <sec> wes leonard was a star athlete and a popular student .  he scored the winning points to lift fennville high school to a perfect season .  he collapsed on the court after the game .  a small michigan town is in shoc .
 25 years later , tiananmen square no less taboo for china 's censors <sec> hu yaobang 's death sparked student demonstrations in 1989 , ending in tragedy .  netizens were allowed to mourn hu 's death anniversary on tuesday .  all other mentions of the student protests or political reform still censore .
 iraq pm : isis is trying to destroy human 'inheritance ' <sec> iraqi prime minister says isis is trying to `` destroy the inheritance of humanity '' .  his comments come after isis released a video showing the destruction of art and sculptures .  isis claims the video was shot in mosul and the pieces are antiquitie .
 digg this : reddit serves up a billion pages a month <sec> community news sharing site had almost 14 million unique visitors in january .  reddit handily surpassed its better-funded rival , digg , in traffic .  conde nast purchased the site in october 2006 .  reddit has a staff of 10 peopl .
 u.s. sends new acting ambassador to libya <sec> laurence pope is the new charge d'affairs in libya , handling ambassador duties .  he came out of retirement to take the job .  the united states vows to continue building ties with liby .
 briton khan defeats mexican legend barrera <sec> briton amir khan beats mexican legend marco antonio barrera in manchester .  khan wins on the judges scorecards after a cut over barrera 's eye stops fight .  khan in line for a clash with wbo lightweight champion juan manuel marque .
 'big brother ' : no mention of racist houseguests <sec> the july 3 `` big brother '' did n't mention some contestants ' racist , homophobic comments .  the only reference was the host 's remark , `` people are starting to show their true colors '' .  the abhorrent behavior has been displayed on the 24/7 internet feed .  two houseguests have faced consequence .
 'defiance ' aims to merge tv , video-gaming worlds <sec> `` defiance '' launched as both a video game and tv show .  creators neither depends on the other , but that they accent each other .  characters from a mission in the game later appear on the show .  the game is set in futuristic san franisco , while the show 's in st. loui .
 halloween pardon sought for executed british witches <sec> petition seeks pardon for uk witches hundreds of years after their deaths .  around 400 people were executed in england for alleged witchcraft .  the witchcraft act of 1735 put an end to trials of accused witches .  in 2004 one scottish town managed to get a pardon for 81 accused witche .
