 civil rights groups allege federal judge is racially biased <sec> civil rights group : judge said certain races are prone to crime and violence .  judge edith jones sits on the 5th circuit appeals court .  in a lecture , she allegedly said race did not influence the application of the death penalty .  years ago , jones was made bush 's short list for supreme court contender .
 how will babies named jesus save the economy ? <sec> charles garcia : western nations need to grow in population to maintain power .  garcia says more and more muslims are in europe and will fuel growth .  garcia : in u.s. , hispanic and other immigrants are an economic growth engine .  immigrants work hard , form strong families , pay taxes and are patriotic , he write .
 obama expected to pick loretta lynch for ag <sec> loretta lynch is a u.s. attorney in brooklyn .  president obama is expected to nominate lynch to succeed eric holder as attorney general .  it is not clear when the official announcement will be made or when lynch could get a confirmation hearin .
 earthquake hits dominican republic <sec> the earthquake strikes almost exactly two years after haiti was devastated .  there are no immediate reports of damage , an emergency official say .
 who : ebola cases may soar ; cdc : team to help hospitals <sec> new site manager at texas hospital is a `` critical role , '' cdc director says .  who predicts 5,000-10,000 ebola cases a week in worst-hit countries by december .  cdc director : a new team will help hospitals around the united states deal with ebola .  dallas nurse : `` i 'm doing well '' ; she thanks `` everyone for their kind wishes and prayers .
 'you just do n't look disabled ' <sec> mullins set world records using prosthetic devices , she 's an actress and model .  she believes people are n't disabled ; society disables people when it denies their potential .  mullins : the stigma of amputation is largely gone in the united states thanks to technolog .
 'birthornot ' website a fake <sec> pete arnold says site was n't a hoax , but couple would n't have had an abortion .  arnold : `` i do want people to talk about this '' .  site owner is a conservative commenter on several website .
 raikkonen on a roll at jerez <sec> kimi raikkonen the fastest man on the track on final day of testing .  ferrari 's felipe massa clocked the best time of the week .  sebastian vettel completed 96 laps after pot-hole dela .
 kal penn cast in abc comedy pilot <sec> kal penn has landed a role in abc comedy pilot `` prairie dogs '' .  the show is about a lowly cubicle worker who has his identity stolen .  penn left his role on `` house '' to work for the obama administration in 200 .
 'honeymooners ' star sheila macrae dies <sec> actress sheila macrae dies at 92 .  she played alice kramden in a 1960s revival of `` the honeymooners '' .  the actress also performed on broadwa .
 booming super-yacht industry offers hope for gulf economies <sec> the inaugural abu dhabi yacht show was held this month .  super-yachts are growing in popularity in the gulf region .  abu dhabi wants to become world 's top super yacht destination .  experts say it is unlikely luxury yacht industry will have big impact on the econom .
 iraq : 'hundreds of yazidi minority slaughtered ' <sec> thousands of families from iraq 's yazidi minority flee as islamist fighters storm their community .  yazidi lawmaker says 70 children have died of thirst , 500 men have been slaughtered .  unicef warns that up to 25,000 children are stranded in the mountains without food , water .  amnesty international appeals to iraqi and kurdish authorities to protect yazidi .
 cop watchers : anonymous vs. police <sec> member of hacker collective says people have been abused for too long .  group hacks websites of police officers it claims engaged in misconduct .  members rarely speak to the media .  with big political events ahead this year , anonymous promises to be watchfu .
 north carolina debuts driver 's licenses for undocumented immigrants <sec> north carolina debuts new driver 's licenses for undocumented immigrants .  the licenses say `` legal presence '' and `` no lawful status '' in red letters .  an earlier design had a thick pink stripe on it , but officials change course .  immigrants granted deferred action line up for the new license .
 florida airport tests hydrogen engines <sec> orlando airport tests cleaner hydrogen-powered internal combustion engines .  smoother , quieter engines require million-dollar fueling stations .  testers hope to learn more by gathering data from nonstop shuttle usage .  hydrogen engines cheaper than hydrogen fuel cells , but they use more hydroge .
 rare disease day : for kids , 'normal is gone ' <sec> rare disease day is held on the last day of february each year .  cnn asked readers to share their stories about living with a rare disease .  families shared stories of perseverance and hope , despite illnes .
 cadaver dogs indicate possible remains on garrido property <sec> two cadaver dogs each show interest in the same area of garrido property .  authorities to use ground-penetrating radar equipment friday .  ilene misheloff ,13 , went missing in 1989 ; michaela garecht , 9 , in 1988 .  phillip and nancy garrido also are accused of abducting jaycee dugar .
 how obama 's data-crunching prowess may get him re-elected <sec> in the mechanics of identifying voters , president obama 's team is ahead of gop rivals .  obama 's re-election campaign is the only one doing cutting-edge work with data .  president 's operation uses a powerful social-networking tool called nationalfield .  expert : gop presidential campaigns do n't fully understand power of data crunchin .
 f1 standings after japan grand prix <sec> sebastian vettel now has an unassailable lead in the f1 drivers ' standings .  the 24-year-old german is 114 points ahead of his rivals with just 100 points left .  jenson button won in suzuka to consolidate second place with fernando alonso third .  red bull continue to dominate the constructors ' title ahead of mclaren and ferrar .
 university of california offers $ 30,000 each to pepper-sprayed students <sec> university of california would pay $ 30,000 each to 21 plaintiffs in a class-action suit .  a federal court has yet to approve the settlement , officials say .  davis campus police pepper-sprayed seated student protesters at an occupy camp .  a video of the close-range pepper spraying went viral last yea .
 u.n. envoy to syria resigns as truce falters <sec> new : u.n. secretary-general accepts the u.n.-arab league envoy 's resignation .  syrian rebels and the government agreed to a truce last week .  on monday , government troops fired upon an opposition neighborhood in homs .  on tuesday , rebels shelled two pro-government neighborhoods in aleppo , opposition say .
 commentary : black vote is n't monolithic <sec> alfred liggins : america 's black population has become more diverse .  40 million population represents many different social , economic viewpoints , he says .  liggins : discrimination still key issue , but other concerns have emerged .  liggins says politicians need to know that past appeals to race are outdate .
 imam : we are proceeding with nyc islamic center <sec> new : hillary clinton calls quran-burning event 'disrespectful ' and 'disgraceful ' .  imam at the center of the proposed islamic center in new york breaks his silence .  faith leaders meet to discuss fears of anti-muslim sentiment with ag eric holder .  they say holder said a florida church 's plan to burn copies of the quran is 'idiotic .
 alleged criminal whiskey outfit busted in kentucky <sec> 9 indicted on organized crime charges related to bourbon thefts .  employees at two kentucky distilleries among those indicte .
 pilots blamed for asiana crash <sec> the national transportation safety board released its final report on the 2013 accident .  investigators said actions by the cockpit crew caused the crash in san francisco .  the boeing 777 crashed short of the runway ; three people were killed , 187 hur .
 could this 'chemist ' be the next boss of walmart ? <sec> meet rosalind brewer , the ceo of sam 's club , part of walmart .  chemistry graduate now heads company worth billions of dollars .  says 'honesty and integrity ' are integral to her career .  laying off 2,300 workers was one of toughest moments of her lif .
 'it 's hell down there : ' inside the battle for eastern ukraine <sec> it seems like eastern ukraine is half-way through a game of chess , writes cnn 's tim lister .  lister : civilians , whatever their allegiance , are suffering the consequences .  the intentions of either side in this scattered war of attrition are hard to work out , he says .  lister : creating security seems a long way off , writes liste .
 south korea shuts down 2 nuclear reactors after parts scandal <sec> the shutdown will put an `` unprecedented '' strain on power supply , authorities say .  the two reactors are halted because they are using unverified parts .  the government says there is no risk of a radiation leak from the parts in question .  nuclear power is under increased scrutiny worldwide after the japanese crisi .
 how paul ryan 's budget fails <sec> the house recently approved the budget designed by rep. paul ryan .  rick mcgahey : ryan 's proposal fails on basic math and will restart budget wars .  he says ryan is signaling his presidential ambitions by appealing to gop radicals .  mcgahey : republican intra-party battles continue while moderates lose ou .
 egypt : no iranian warships have passed through suez <sec> israeli foreign minister avigdor liberman says two iranian warships are expected to pass through the suez canal .  no request has been made by iran for waships to cross the canal .  the israeli defense ministry says it is monitoring the movement of iranian ship .
 judge in montana teen rape case has been tough in other cases <sec> montana judge g. todd baugh is being blasted for a sentence in a rape case .  a 30-day sentence has outraged many who see it as too lenient .  the judge apologizes , saying he misspok .
 royal baby : are family snaps pleasingly informal or just bad ? <sec> `` babies , happy parents and dogs all bring smiles , '' cnn reader says of the pictures .  professional photographers question the lighting , focus and composition of the snaps .  `` they 're not terrible , '' but they do n't have royal grandeur , says one photographer .  `` you can still make it casual , but this is just casual and poor quality , '' says anothe .
 seychelles tourism : island paradise seeks beach-goers <sec> tourism makes up over 20 % of seychelles gross domestic product .  the island nation has seen a decline in visitor numbers since 2008 .  air seychelles recorded a loss of $ 12.5 million in 2010/11 .  not everyone is happy with the way uae is investing in seychelle .
 japan to lobby whaling commission to support hunts <sec> japan will lobby iwc members to support its antarctic whaling program .  move ahead of iwc meeting on reaching agreement on whale conservation rules .  japan claims it is conducting the hunt as part of scientific research .  many in international community believe such hunts amount to needless slaughte .
 convicted high school shooter t.j. lane back in custody after prison escape <sec> report : in 18 months at facility , lane was disciplined seven times .  he was one of three inmates who escaped from the prison .  lane killed three students at his high school in 2012 .  he wore a t-shirt with `` killer '' written across the fron .
 pro-russian forces tighten crimea grip <sec> french u.n. ambassador says russia is n't listening to anyone .  ukrainian military base commander in crimea denies switching allegiance .  russia says far-right groups `` conniving '' with new authorities in kiev .  pro-russian prime minister of crimea is assembling a small arm .
 officials : cigarette-smuggling ring in east coast may have terror link <sec> officials : the cigarette scheme cost new york state at least $ 80 million in sales tax revenue .  suspects allegedly smuggled untaxed cigarettes across various states .  one suspect had links to a blind cleric serving life for plotting to blow up new york city landmark .
 u.s. jailer was target in juarez killings , officials say <sec> arthur redelfs and wife , lesley ann enriquez , killed in a drive-by shooting in juarez .  suspect arrested in case gives new details on high-profile killings of three people total .  officials : suspect said he was lookout for the operation that killed the two american .
 scores buried in landslide in tibetan mine area <sec> the incident occurred around 6 a.m. , xinhua news agency says .  the landslide extends three kilometers , or almost two mile .
 boeing dreamliner takes flight in japan for first time in months <sec> new : boeing : we will work with customers to return more 787s to flight in coming weeks .  the all nippon test flight took off from tokyo 's haneda airport , airline officials say .  a boeing executive is among those aboard , but commercial passengers were not .  u.s. aviation authorities outlined steps recently to the dreamliner 's battery syste .
 hoey heads northern irish charge at celeb-studded links event <sec> northerhn irish golfer michael hoey moves three shots clear at alfred dunhill links .  world no . .  271 cards his third successive 66 in european tour event in scotland .  compatriot graeme mcdowell is second going into sunday 's final round .  fellow countryman rory mcilroy is also in contention tied for fourt .
 video of toddler 's screening at airport fuels criticism <sec> the tsa has changed its screening procedures since 2010 .  a video showing the screening of a 3-year-old in a wheelchair has gone viral .  the family was on a trip to disney worl .
 nato starts 24/7 surveillance of libya <sec> nato has launched constant surveillance flights over libya .  a senior u.s. official denies speculation about the possibility of arming rebels .  british , french , and american officials are working on a draft u.n. text regarding a no-fly zone .  `` it is our job to conduct prudent planning , '' a nato official say .
 peru 's indigenous win victory over lands <sec> new : indigenous leader zapata calls for end of political persecution of other leaders .  indigenous leader pizango faces charges in peru , is granted asylum in nicaragua .  laws led to violence between government , indigenous .  decrees made it easier for firms to gain concessions for oil drilling , mining , loggin .
 nicki minaj sued for $ 30 million by 'wig guru ' <sec> a hair stylist is claiming minaj stole his wig designs .  terrence davidson began working with the rapper in 2010 .  minaj now sells wigs on her websit .
 rowena webster thrives in water polo 's school of hard knocks <sec> rowena webster is chief goalscorer for australia 's women 's water polo team .  the 25-year-old has made over 150 international appearances for her country .  webster was part of the team that won bronze at the london 2012 olympics .  she says the sport can be rough under the water as players jostle for the bal .
 it 's snow time again in boston <sec> the wind will make life miserable , and boston might feel like it 's in an icy hurricane .  massachusetts governor extends valentine 's day to last all week .  storm surge could cause some flooding in coastal maine , northeastern massachusett .
 swiss humble germany in euro warm-up game ; spain second-string win <sec> switzerland beat germany 5-3 in friendly international in basel .  eren derdiyok scores hat-trick for the rampant swiss .  world and european champions spain beat serbia 2-0 .  netherlands lose 2-1 at home to bulgari .
 what obama should do after the secret service scandal <sec> after the secret service scandal , colombia asked president obama to apologize .  frida ghitis : obama should n't apologize , but he needs to start taking latin america seriously .  she says the u.s. has been ignoring , at its own peril , a region amid its renaissance .  ghitis : obama should push for stronger economic ties and partnership with south americ .
 ex-unlv coach jerry tarkanian , 'tark the shark , ' dies <sec> jerry tarkanian `` made runnin ' rebel basketball a brand name , '' unlv president says .  tarkanian coached unlv from 1973-1992 , retired in 2002 after 38 seasons of coaching .  unlv won the 1990 national championship under legendary men 's basketball coac .
 you love pee-wee 's playhouse ? why do n't you marry it ? <sec> `` pee-wee 's playhouse '' debuted on blu-ray this week .  the cult classic ran for 45 episodes on cbs from 1986-1991 , netting 22 emmy awards .  paul reubens originally created , and portrayed , the character in a stage sho .
 hurricane shipwreck victim inspired by mutineer <sec> claudene christian died after abandoning the hms bounty replica .  the 50-year-old ship sank after taking on water during hurricane sandy .  christian , a usc grad , had begun new life aboard movie ship .  she said she hoped to educate children as a crew membe .
 mh370 : plane audio recording played for first time to chinese families <sec> the last known words of flight 370 are played to families of chinese passengers in beijing .  it 's the first time the recording has been played in public by malaysian officials .  they gave a chronology of the plane 's last known contacts with radar stations , satellite .  chinese families have been pushing malaysian officials to give them more informatio .
 farrah fawcett 's fight against cancer continues after her death <sec> michael jackson 's death hours later overshadowed fawcett 's .  friend said farrah would have smiled about coincidence .  farrah fawcett foundation supports alternative cancer treatments .  actress hoped her cancer battle would inspire other .
 2 officers killed , man found dead after shootout inside florida home <sec> new : police identify hydra lacy jr. , 39 , as the man who killed two police officers .  st. petersburg officers jeffrey yaslowitz and tom baitinger are killed .  police used a backhoe to tear down a house and find the wanted lacy .  a third officer , a u.s. marshal , was also shot but is `` doing well .
 fleetwood mac 's 35 years of 'rumours ' <sec> it 's the 35th anniversary of fleetwood mac 's groundbreaking `` rumours '' .  a special anniversary reissue of `` rumours '' is now available .  in april , the group will tour for the first time in three year .
 family of beaten giants fan sues dodgers for parking-lot attack <sec> new : a lawsuit cites alleged security cutbacks and lapses at dodger stadium .  new : giants fan bryan stow was harassed and taunted during the game , the suit says .  stow was severely beaten after the game in a parking-lot attack .  he remains hospitalized after being in a medically induced com .
 beef recall : concern over mad cow disease cited <sec> fruitland american meat in jackson , missouri , processed the beef in question .  the fruitland beef went to a whole foods distribution center in connecticut .  one restaurant in new york city and one in kansas city , missouri , also received the beef .  the usda says the health risk is low ; no reports of illness have been mad .
 bode miller : ski star 's horse racing dream <sec> american skier bode miller is looking to start new career in horse racing .  the 37-year-old is teaming up with kentucky derby winner bob baffert .  miller says he hopes to bring scientific approach to flat racing .  his career on the slopes is in twilight years and he missed season opene .
 pakistani taliban 'have not lost morale , ' leader tells cnn <sec> taliban leader hakeemullah mehsud : leadership of organization is safe .  group plans january offensive `` since we are stronger during the snowing season , '' he says .  he neither denied nor confirmed responsibility for monday 's blast in peshawar that killed 1 .
 overwhelmed ? de-stress in 14 days <sec> real simple offers easy tips to reduce stress from your daily life .  the 14-day plan suggests laughing , helping others and looking at the `` big picture '' .  other ideas include : volunteering , watching less tv and enjoying a massag .
 what baby boomer and millennial job seekers can learn from each other <sec> baby boomers excel in face-to-face interviews while gen x and millennials are more adept in using online technology .  networking is important regardless of generation .  follow up with both an email and a snail mail thank you not .
 man gets 17½-year prison term in massachusetts terror case <sec> tarek mehanna , 29 , was found guilty of conspiring to help al qaeda , other charges .  he sought training in yemen , but it 's not clear if he ever made contact with a terror group .  experts question implications of case ; lawyers : mehanna was exercising free speech right .
 tivo romances tv viewers with roamio dvr <sec> roamio is tivo 's first new line of dvrs in three years .  new line incorporates features of roku , slingbox and other streaming devices .  prices range from $ 199- $ 599 .  review : roamio is the `` ultimate dvr , '' but its top-end model is expensiv .
