 feds launch smartphone app to nab child sexual predators <sec> a new iphone app asks the public for help in finding suspected child sexual predators .  the app lets users submit a tip by phone or by filling out a tip form .  it was released by the u.s. immigration and customs enforcemen .
 obama lampoons trump , releases 'birth video ' at annual dinner <sec> white house correspondents ' dinner is held saturday in washington .  obama shows a clip from `` the lion king , '' suggesting it is his `` birth video '' .  he also pokes fun at donald trump and republican challengers .  speaker seth meyers says the `` 2008 barack obama '' could beat the current editio .
 neymar heading to barcelona <sec> brazilian striker neymar will join barcelona for the next five seasons .  neymar was being chased by several european clubs , including chelsea .  neymar was recently named the world 's most marketable athlete for a second tim .
 poverty tours : a learning experience or simply gawking ? <sec> the charitable salaam baalak trust runs a city tour in new delhi .  tourists walk through the streets of paharganj , a poor neighborhood .  former street kids act as guides through a maze of congested lanes .  poverty tours have sparked controvers .
 mom , daughter escape after plane crashes into home <sec> karen , jill wielinski escaped with minor injuries after plane crashed into house .  doug wielinski was killed when plane slammed into the middle of house .  mom : `` i just did n't think i was going to get out of there , i thought , 'this is it ' '' .  mother , daughter both found holes in debris to climb through to safet .
 u.s. appeals order lifting 'do n't ask , do n't tell ' policy <sec> new : government appeals to the 9th circuit court of appeals in san francisco .  judge reaffirms ruling allowing gays and lesbians into the military .  recruiting stations are not asking about sexual orientation .  the pentagon says given the ruling , recruiters can accept gay and lesbian candidate .
 uk faces security questions ahead of london olympics <sec> new : u.s. state department has full faith and confidence in britain 's security measures .  security contractor g4s has failed to train and recruit enough security staff .  culture secretary jeremy hunt says it will be `` a very safe and secure olympics '' .  visitors will encounter airport-style security measures at olympic venue .
 jetblue offers $ 10 last-minute fares <sec> jetblue airways celebrating 10th birthday with one-day sale .  $ 10 fares offered on remaining seats from jfk to airline 's original 10 destinations .  sale ends monday for travel tuesday or wednesday , march 9 or 1 .
 typhoon heads for china after killing 11 in the philippines <sec> at least 11 killed after the typhoon struck in the philippines .  megi may be the strongest typhoon to hit china this year .  typhoon could approach hong kong and mainland china in next few day .
 burned florida teen having skin graft surgery <sec> hospital spokeswoman says michael brewer having own skin put onto burned areas .  brewer , 15 , in guarded condition , will go back to intensive care after procedure .  more surgeries to come ; october 12 attack left burns over 65 percent of his body .  3 of the 5 teens accused of setting brewer on fire plead not guilty to attempted murde .
 hawaii lava flow destroys first home <sec> lava from kilauea volcano engulfed a house , usgs says .  the residents had long evacuated and cleared out belongings .  there are not other homes nearby in any danger , officials say .  officials can only watch the lava flow and warn resident .
 congress gathering debt-crisis feedback via facebook <sec> in recent days , lawmakers have swarmed facebook to outline their positions on the debt crisis .  a post this week by house speaker john boehner drew 15,000 comments .  facebook spokesman : `` politicians are getting more creative with social media .
 std site partners with school district <sec> qpid.me , a site that allows users to share std status , partners with los angeles schools .  proponents say it 's a way for students to stay safe when choosing to have sex .  critics say it provides `` tacit endorsement '' for teen sexual activity .  the district acknowledges it may make some parents uncomfortabl .
 carter meets with political leader of hamas in syria <sec> hamas says five-hour meeting ends late sunday in damascus , syria 's capital .  carter 's appeal for release of israeli solider captured in 2006 is rejected .  u.s. , israeli governments criticized previous meetings between carter , hama .
 france beat 14-man wales to reach rugby world cup final <sec> france beat wales 9-8 in semifinal of rugby world cup in auckland .  wales captain sam warburton sent off in 18th minute for dangerous tackle .  wales score only try of the match through mike phillips in second half .  hosts new zealand play australia in second semifinal sunda .
 israel wants to build more housing on disputed land <sec> new : u.s. , israeli sources confirm israel provided advance notice of plans .  the new construction would be in the neighborhoods of pisgat ze'ev and ramot .  israel 's prime minister benjamin netanyahu was informed of the move .  palestinian negotiator says israeli prime minister has chosen `` settlements over peace .
 security cameras film russian killings <sec> new : chechens protest killings of lawyer and journalist in moscow .  attorney stanislav markelov killed in front of an office in central moscow .  journalist anastasia baburova shot when she tried to intervene .  markelov had opposed release of army colonel jailed for killing chechen woma .
 illinois governor wants to 'fumigate ' state 's government <sec> gov . .  pat quinn wants `` integrity '' restored to state government .  reform commission will report to quinn 's office .  quinn took over as illinois governor thursday when rod blagojevich ouste .
 linguist deems obama 's speech a winner <sec> linguist says obama 's speech was on seventh- or eighth-grade level .  that 's lower than king , reagan speeches .  speech was optimistic and forward-looking , expert says .  lack of 9/11 reference was significant change in tone , linguist say .
 living proudly in face of uganda 's anti-gay bill <sec> pepe julian onziema : new year fills lgbti community in uganda with resolve -- and anxiety .  he says threat of anti-homosexuality bill passage endangers lgbti ugandans .  he says by his vocal presence , he aims to end discrimination .  onziema : lgbti ugandans have made advances ; oppressors ca n't steer my destin .
 roger federer takes revenge on juan martin del potro <sec> roger federer turns tables on argentina 's juan martin del potro .  federer lost to del potro in basel final but won quarterfinal clash in paris .  he will face novak djokovic for place in final of the masters 1000 event .  rafael nadal beats richard gasquet to reach semifinal .
 'he is dead to me , ' daughter of ohio suspect says in cnn exclusive <sec> angie gregg describes the strange behavior of her father , ariel castro .  when she visited him , he took forever to answer the door , she says .  she also says the basement was always locked , and he would n't let her go upstairs .  ariel castro beat his wife , his daughter say .
 newsquiz : week of march 11 <sec> use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student news .  write your answers in the space provided .  today 's newsquiz includes the media literacy question of the da .
 customer service 'vigilantes ' target executives <sec> when there 's a problem , finding good customer service can be a problem .  expert : `` consumer vigilantes '' blog about bad or no customer service .  some customers use web to track down company officials .  but sometimes it 's the customer who is rude or unreasonabl .
 review : '12 years a slave ' agonizingly magnificent <sec> chiwetel ejiofo stars in the steve mcqueen directed film .  movie is based on true story of a free man kidnapped into slavery .  reviewer says `` this is virtuoso filmmaking .
 urban farming movement 'like a revolution ' <sec> habesha gardens is one of many urban farms sprouting up around the country .  cashawn myers says it 's important for urban areas to create their own food sources .  habesha offers mentoring programs , harvests food to feed the local community .  allen : urban farming is a 'multicultural , multigenerational movement , a revolution .
 apple announces new mac pro , tweaks imac and mac mini <sec> apple on tuesday announced a new mac pro high-end desktop .  powered by intel 's `` nehalem '' processor , they 're priced at $ 2,499 and $ 3,299 .  apple also unveilved a new and more graphics-intensive mac mini machine .  updated 24-inch imacs have twice the memory and twice the storag .
 alaska gop lawmaker seeks to curb collective bargaining rights <sec> new : alaska gop lawmaker says his collective bargaining bill faces tough sledding .  the legislator said his bill mimics wisconsin measure .  opponents say there 's not enough time in the legislative session to pass the bil .
 the inside story of the famous iwo jima photo <sec> many thought the famous photo of u.s. troops raising the flag at iwo jima was staged .  hal buell , a former executive newsphoto editor with the associated press , explains what happene .
 canadian police reveal identity of victim in grisly body parts killing <sec> jun lin , 32 , was a chinese student at montreal 's concordia university .  he apparently knew the suspect , luke rocco magnotta .  a massive manhunt is under way for magnotta .  he is suspected of killing and dismembering his victim and capturing it on vide .
 paris supermarket hostages sue media outlet over siege <sec> six people taken hostage in a kosher market siege say media outlet endangered their lives .  they hid in a cold room during the attack in paris by gunman amedy coulibal .
 bangladesh 's president dies at 84 <sec> president mohammad zillur rahman died in hospital at age 84 .  he was suffering from acute kidney and respiratory problems .  rahman was elected president , a largely ceremonial position , in 2009 .  an awami league member , he had been involved in national politics for decade .
 airbus files patent for saddle seats on planes <sec> airbus publishes patent for folding saddle seats with low backrests .  vertical seat design packs more passengers into cabins .  spokesperson says patent application does not mean design will be develope .
 gulf proposal to end yemen unrest apparently falls short <sec> new : gulf cooperation council accuses the opposition of trying to steal the youth revolution .  new : eyewitness reports tens of thousands gather for anti-saleh march .  senior opposition official : `` we will not accept any initiative that will have saleh still in rule '' .  yemen president commits to peaceful transfer of power in accordance with yemeni constitutio .
 tanzania : take a ride on the wild side <sec> tanzania offers a massive concentration of wildlife and varied landscapes .  tanzania is home to the famous great migration in the serengeti .  the most popular tanzanian safari destinations are located in the nort .
 secrecy surrounds pilot and weapons officer in f-15 crash <sec> u.s. air force f-15 crashed in libya .  military initially said names of pilot , weapons officer would be released .  names wo n't be released because they are being reintegrated , military say .
 zoo solves mystery of celibate polar bears <sec> zoo introduced polar bear cub to its resident bear and waited for sparks to fly .  and it waited and waited : tsuyoshi never made amorous advances toward kurumi .  months later , the zoo makes key discovery : both bears are femal .
 'pull yourself up a chair ' : pee-wee coming to netflix <sec> netflix will release a movie starring pee-wee herman .  paul reubens and judd apatow will produc .
 obama , mccain stress urgency of bailout vote <sec> new : obama asking congressional black caucus members to vote for bailout .  john mccain , barack obama call on congress to act .  obama , mccain , joe biden returning to washington for vote .  former president clinton campaigns for obama in florid .
 mexican police seek dna of missing to identify decapitated bodies <sec> dna samples will be the only way to identify the decapitated victims , a state official says .  authorities are seeking dna from families of missing persons .  investigators are trying to identify the 49 bodies , and who was behind the deaths .  banners claim the zetas drug cartel was not responsible for the gruesome crim .
 shakhtar donetsk president issues warning to awol players <sec> six shakhtar donetsk players refuse to return to ukraine after playing against lyon .  five brazilians and one argentine remained in france .  shakhtar is unable to play matches at its donbass arena stadiu .
 'rudo y cursi : ' the mexican movie phenomenon <sec> mexican superstars gael garcia bernal , diego luna star together .  film has gone down in mexican history as fourth most popular box office hit ever .  alejandro gonzalez inarritu , alfonso cuaron , guillermo del toro behind film .  directed by carlos cuaron and produced by production company , cha cha ch .
 mourners remember hannah anderson 's mom , brother <sec> hannah anderson attends her mother and brother 's public memorial .  `` we will miss them forever , '' says family member during eulogy .  christina anderson and her son , ethan , were killed by family friend james lee dimaggio .  he then abducted hannah anderson , 16 , before he was spotted and killed in idah .
 the cultural contributors to suicide in asia <sec> south korea has one of the highest rates of suicide in developed countries .  concepts of honor and `` face '' remain strong social forces in many asian societies .  suicide is a complex mix of issues , but ideas of 'honorable ' death persis .
 mayor wants federal probe after swat raids house , kills dogs <sec> raid carried out after marijuana package mailed to home of cheye calvo .  deputies said they shot calvo 's dogs because they felt threatened by them .  calvo says he and his mother-in-law were handcuffed next to dog 's carcass .  sheriff 's department expresses sympathy , does n't apologiz .
 khamenei : something about rouhani 's u.s. trip 'was n't proper ' <sec> iran 's supreme leader appears to have mixed feelings about president 's diplomatic inroads .  rouhani 's visit ended with a historic conversation with president obama .  it was the first time the supreme leader commented publicly on rouhani 's trip .  khamenei 's comments follow a wave of new optimism about u.s.-iranian relation .
 fighting in sudan town raises civil war fears <sec> fighting in disputed oil-rich sudan town raises fears of return to civil war .  up to 50,000 people displaced by latest outbreak of fighting .  despite cease-fire agreement abyei has been destroyed and deal is at ris .
 illinois sheriff scolds banks for evictions of 'innocent ' renters <sec> new : sheriff : 'i ca n't keep doing this and have a good conscience about it ' .  sheriff thomas dart says he is suspending foreclosure evictions in cook county .  illinois bankers association opposes plan , says sheriff could be found in contempt .  cook county on pace to exceed 43,000 foreclosure cases this yea .
 reward offered for suspected cop killer <sec> new : $ 22,000 reward for information leading to arrest of shawn sherwin labeet .  one officer killed , three wounded after man fires high-powered rifle at them .  source says suspect 's mother , brother among people being questioned .  driver was stopped after maneuvering erratically , police sa .
 the syrian crisis : where 's u.s. aid going ? <sec> the u.s. ambassador to syria says the u.s. has provided $ 210 million in humanitarian aid .  the assistance has to be discrete , he said , to protect workers from being targeted .  washington has also provided $ 35 million worth of assistance to syria 's political opposition .  ambassador : we can help , but it 's up to syrians to find their way forwar .
 laboratory chimps get a new lease on life <sec> save the chimps spent nearly a decade rehabilitating chimps from the coulston foundation .  the 266 chimps were used as medical research test subjects until 2002 .  the animal welfare group recently transported the chimps to a sanctuary in florida .  it 's the first time these chimpanzees have lived outdoor .
 malaysia rejects clan leader 's call for cease-fire in sabah as death toll rises <sec> new : more than 30 `` militants '' are killed in sabah , malaysia says .  malaysia says it wo n't consider a cease-fire unless armed intruders drop weapons .  malaysian forces launched an attack this week on filipino clansmen in the area .  between 100 and 300 filipinos arrived by boat on the malaysian coast in februar .
 frankfurt fairytale return stutters <sec> eintracht frankfurt held to a 1-1 draw by greuther fürth .  alexander meier 's fifth goal in past games gave home side the advantage after just 20 seconds .  zoltan stieber grabbed an equalizer for greuther fürth after the interval .  frankfurt sit third in bundesliga with four point advantage over borussia dortmun .
 traditional medicines continue to thrive globally <sec> even in the era of modern medicine , traditional treatments are still widespread .  in japan , shark fin is sold by herbalists , and is believed to promote well-being .  muti practitioners sell their wares in johannesburg 's faraday market .  acupuncture has spread all over the world from its roots in ancient chin .
 miss . mom moved from death row to jail to await trial <sec> michelle byrom was moved to county jail over weekend to await new trial .  byrom spent about 14 years on death row for husband 's contract killing .  court documents allege her son has admitted to the killing more than once .  she 's currently alone in cell and not receiving special treatment , sheriff say .
 brain-eating amoeba may be linked to hurricane katrina <sec> reduced population following the hurricane left most of the water sitting .  chlorine levels in the unused water plummeted , allowing organisms to thrive .  louisiana officials say water is safe to drink , but keep it away from the nos .
 prince harry , wounded vets race to south pole called off <sec> the virgin money south pole allied challenge is nixed , its director says .  the reason is `` safety , '' specifically the `` stressed imposed '' on participants .  prince harry , alexander skarsgard participate alongside wounded vets .  they 'll continue to go to the south pole , but just wo n't be competin .
 brain drains while the heart stays : is leaving turkey an option ? <sec> binnaz saktanber recently moved back to turkey after spending a decade abroad .  she says she felt happy to be in turkey during last summer 's protests , hopeful for future .  recently , she began to lose hope and started thinking about leaving again , she write .
 official : arrests coming in mexico tourist rapes <sec> new : 50 investigators are working the case .  official says investigators are pursuing strong leads .  six spanish women were allegedly rape .
 the dangers , humanity of atlanta 's 'vehicle graveyard ' <sec> new : stranded cnn journalist retreats , goes back to work .  big-rig trucks and cars are stuck all over roadways in atlanta .  the country 's ninth-largest city is essentially shut down after the stor .
 wildfire burns in florida 's miami-dade county <sec> the wildfire started in miami-dade county on sunday .  by monday night , it had grown to nearly 2,000 acres .  the fire was 50 % contained , officials sai .
 clijsters beats returning henin in special exhibition <sec> kim clijsters beats justine henin in special exhibition match in belgium .  henin playing for the first time since july after elbow injury .  pair hint they could represent belgium at doubles in 2012 olympics .  andy roddick to return to u.s. davis cup line-up in 201 .
 mccain : i ca n't promise to support palin for president <sec> mccain made his first tv appearance sunday since losing the 2008 election .  mccain said gop should focus on cooperation with obama 's administration .  the arizona senator said he thinks indicted illinois governor should resig .
 ringing the changes : big ben 's tower may be renamed for queen 's jubilee <sec> british lawmakers want st stephen 's tower to be renamed in honor of queen elizabeth ii .  clock tower is one of london 's most famous landmarks , home to `` big ben '' bell .  queen celebrates her diamond jubilee -- marking 60 years on the throne -- this year .  other tower at houses of parliament named after long-serving monarch queen victori .
