 obamacare architect discussed misleading public - cnnpolitics.com <sec> a series of videos featuring statements by an obamacare architect have incited a furor among conservatives .  in the videos , mit professor jonathan gruber suggested obamacare supporters were over-emphasizing the benefits of the health care law .
 saudi journalist sentenced to 60 lashes <sec> journalist rosanna al-yami works for network that aired show on taboos .  man 's sexual boasts on show led to five-year prison sentence .  journalist was n't involved in setting up tv episode , lawyer says .  saudi authorities shut down network 's offices in jeddah and riyadh after interview aire .
 more artifacts unearthed at site of civil war prison in georgia <sec> nearly 300 artifacts have been found in early archaeological investigations .  the site is unusual in that it has not been picked over by relic hunters .  some of the items are on display at georgia southern university in statesbor .
 sex abuse cover-up claims disturb conclave <sec> domenico calcagno is one of the cardinals who this week will start to elect a new pope .  calcagno is accused of not kicking a pedophile priest out of the church .  critics of calcagno now want the cardinal to be disqualified from voting in the conclave .  vatican spokesman : accusations against calcagno found to be without foundation by the church and legal syste .
 lebanon on edge after anti-syrian intel official killed by beirut car bomb <sec> new : prime minister mikati declares a day of mourning , but one man says action is needed .  the blast in an east beirut commercial district leaves mangled cars and charred buildings .  the slain security official led a probe of a man accused of arming would-be assassins .  there are fears the attack could spur more violence between shiite and sunni muslim .
 six road trip games for kids <sec> keeping kids engaged is key to sanity during long road trips .  expert suggests six games to keep kids busy in the car .  games include `` i spy '' and the `` license-plate game .
 'american stories ' from ben franklin to kermit the frog <sec> a new smithsonian exhibit features american stories , large and small .  the exhibit at the museum of american history opened thursday .  kermit the frog , ben franklin and more tell the tale of americ .
 founder of cuba 's ladies in white dies <sec> laura pollan suffered a heart attack , her daughter says .  she died at the calixto garcia hospital in havana .  the ladies in white demand the release of political prisoner .
 evangelist guilty of taking minors across state lines for sex <sec> jury convicts tony alamo of all 10 counts against him .  he was accused of transporting minors across state lines for sex .  alamo , whose real name is bernie hoffman , heads tony alamo ministrie .
 'ethnic cleansing ' in kenya - envoy <sec> u.s. diplomat says violence in western kenya is `` clear ethnic cleansing '' .  ex-u.n. chief kofi annan holds talks with kenyan president , opposition leader .  opponents accuse president mwai kibaki of rigging december vote .  government says up to 650 killed in violence ; opposition says 1,000 have die .
 search on for 150 after boat capsizes off italian coast <sec> the boat was carrying 200 passengers , the coast guard says .  48 have been rescued .  poor weather hampers rescue effort .
 u.s. military jettisons bombs near australia 's great barrier reef <sec> new : official : the navy is looking at how it can get the bombs out .  u.s. aircraft dropped four unarmed bombs not far from the great barrier reef .  navy : the planes were running out of fuel and could not land with such cargo .  report : an australian lawmaker calls the action `` outrageous .
 the ins and outs of river cruising <sec> about 215,000 north americans will sail on riverboats this year , up nearly 60 percent since 2004 .  service on smaller ships tends to be more personal .  unlike the price slashing you 'll find on big-ship ocean cruises , last-minute discounts are rar .
 roland emmerich , the accidental director <sec> roland emmerich gave up potential role in family business to go to film school .  initially wanted to become a production designer , but was drawn to directing .  left germany for hollywood to direct `` universal soldier '' , released 1992 .  emmerich : `` i do n't really like the movie business . .  it 's not a cozy living .
 what justifies intervening if syria uses chemical weapons ? <sec> president has said that syria 's use of chemical weapons would cross a `` red line '' .  administration might be asking : what justifies military action , and where 's legal cover for it ? .  international law provides no clear support for intervention on humanitarian grounds .  syria is bound by the geneva gas protocol , but does that cover internal conflict .
 tv funny man soupy sales dies at 83 <sec> `` we have lost a comedy american icon , '' says comedian 's friend and manager .  he was known for his long-running children 's show `` lunch with soupy sales '' .  fans of the show anticipated his trademark pie-in-face gag .  sales also seen on `` to tell the truth '' and `` what 's my line ? .
 sen. joe manchin urges obama to hold off on immigration orders <sec> sen. joe manchin of montana is parting ways with many of his fellow democrats .  he wants president obama to hold off using executive authority to order major changes .  sen. heidi heitkamp and sen. jon tester echo manchin 's sentiment .
 baby survives as family dies in syrian onslaught <sec> pattern of aleppo attacks appears designed to terrify civilians rather than target rebels .  in one strike rockets collapsed a two-story building with an extended family inside .  locals pulled 11 bodies from the rubble and one baby survivor .  the baby boy was apparently protected from the blast by his mom as she breastfed hi .
 tennessee gov . bill haslam to lead gop governors <sec> haslam replaces new jersey gov . .  chris christie .  haslam is known for his drama-free leadership style .  haslam 's democratic counterpart will be elected next mont .
 iraqi peshmerga soon to enter kobani to fight isis <sec> some kurdish fighters from iraq have arrived in turkey , media reports say .  official : more than 160 iraqi kurdish fighters heading to syrian kurdish town of kobani .  turkey has said it would allow the fighters to enter kobani through turkey .  kobani has been under isis attack since septembe .
 gm dealer guardedly optimistic , makes back-up plans <sec> suburban washington gm dealer maury wilkins trying to lure back customers .  he supports obama 's guarantee : `` everything is confidence and perception '' .  wilkins focuses on used-car sales , collision repair , service and parts .  wilkins says adjustments started paying off in february , one of his best month .
 greek minister : country may need extra 10 billion euros <sec> greece may need to tap its eurozone partners for an extra 10 billion euros in funding .  the country 's finance minister said a new package would come without new conditions .  yannis stournaras ' comments come days after german 's finance minister said the country would need help .  however , germany has an election on september 22 and any decision will likely be made after tha .
 in his last stand , charles taylor defends himself as a peacemaker <sec> new : taylor delivers a 30-minute defense of his actions in sierra leone .  new : he says his trial was corrupted by money .  he was convicted of war crimes for his role in aiding rebels in sierra leone 's bloody war .  judges will deliver a sentence on may 3 .
 ernst skips des moines register meeting <sec> iowa senate candidate jodi ernst skips out on meeting with des moines register .  the paper 's publisher called the move `` rare , '' but said it wo n't affect the paper 's endorsement . .  ernst is in a neck-and-neck race with her opponent , democratic rep. bruce braley . .  the braley campaign pounced on ernst 's cancellation in a conference call thursday afternoo .
 keen demand fuels global trade in body parts <sec> organ shortage in rich states has created a trade from poorer countries .  `` transplant tourists '' travel to poor countries to buy organs from the desperate .  pakistan , where trade in human organs is legal , is turning into a `` kidney bazaar '' .  patients pay $ 8,500 for a new kidney , while donors are paid just $ 300 to $ 1,00 .
 fifa starts disciplinary action against luis suarez <sec> new : fifa says it has opened disciplinary proceedings against suarez .  he is accused of biting italy defender giorgio chiellini during a world cup game .  suarez and uruguay have until wednesday evening to give their position , fifa says .  the striker says he just collided with the defender 's shoulde .
 borger : mistrust of government handicaps obama <sec> borger : now the heat is on obama to make crucial decisions .  she says white house bet that americans would become more pro-government .  she says reality is that most people are still distrustful of government .  borger : can obama convince people that we need more government .
 messi : i want to win it all for barcelona <sec> lionel messi wants barcelona to regain dominance of spanish and european football .  messi scored twice as barca thrashed real sociedad 5-1 in the opening round of fixtures .  spain striker david villa scored on his return after eight months out with a broken leg .  barca face archrivals real madrid in the first leg of the spanish super cup on thursda .
 messi keeps pace with ronaldo in hat-trick race <sec> lionel messi grabs hat-trick in barcelona 's 5-1 derby win .  espanyol had opened the scoring before messi took command .  21st treble in la liga for remarkable messi .  andy carroll stars as west ham up to third in ep .
 jennifer lopez and leah remini survive crash <sec> lopez and remini were in malibu at the time .  an alleged drunk driver hit them .  there were children in the back sea .
 u.s. should copy switzerland and consider a 'maximum wage ' ratio , too <sec> switzerland will vote on a 1:12 executive-to-worker pay ratio .  john sutter : the u.s. should consider a similar proposal .  he says such a ratio could curb income inequality and sky-high ceo pay .  sutter : executive pay skyrocketed over decades while worker pay stagnate .
 pentagon : u.s. general killed in afghanistan <sec> afghan ministry of defense names assailant as academy member named rafiullah .  army chief of staff confirms death of maj. gen. harold greene .  afghan soldier believed to be shooter , says pentagon spokesman .  analyst : `` it creates a crisis of confidence for the afghans and for us .
 olympic poster girl ennis nominated for top athletics award <sec> jessica ennis on short list for iaaf female athlete of the year .  britain totaled 6955 points on way to winning heptathlon gold in london .  valerie adams and allyson felix also selected .  usain bolt , aries merritt and david rudisha to contest men 's hono .
 opinion : when racial clichés drive murder stories <sec> eric deggans : lane , martin killings being compared to make points about race .  races of some in both cases were misreported , false images posted online .  deggans : the errors fit into preconceived racial notions when real story is more complex .  cherry-picking facts , jumping to conclusions inflames more hatred , he write .
 nasa designs ape-like robot for disasters <sec> nasa 's jet propulsion laboratory has designed the ape-like robot robosimian .  the disaster-response robot is competing in the darpa robotics challenge finals .  robosimian has four limbs , no head and multiple camera .
 lee byung-hun : korea 's leading man <sec> south korean actor is star of many acclaimed korean films .  appeared in 2009 hollywood film `` g.i . .  joe : the rise of cobra '' alongside sienna miller .  has been star of south korean soap operas and tv series for around 20 year .
 michael brown shooting : is new video a 'game changer ' ? <sec> a cell phone video shows witnesses reacting to the michael brown shooting .  some legal analysts say it could be a game changer in the case .  others are skeptical and stress that there 's more evidence in pla .
 11 things to know before visiting spain <sec> people typically do n't eat dinner in spain until after 10 p.m . .  it 's hard to keep up with all the fiestas throughout the country .  spain has at least one common thread : bulls .  catalans yearn for independence from spai .
 the disease that 's ravaging latin america <sec> chagas is a deadly disease that largely affects people in latin america .  an estimated 16 to 18 million people are infected with chagas .  the disease remains largely unknown , even where infection is rife .  there have been no new drugs discovered in 40 year .
 four-state tornado outbreak kills 1 <sec> new : a tornado strikes missouri early monday , a county official says .  `` we do n't know for sure that it 's over yet , '' says an official .  tornadoes tear through oklahoma , kansas , illinois and iowa .  one person is killed in pottawatomie county , oklahom .
 alicia keys launching hiv campaign aimed at women <sec> one in four people living with hiv is a woman .  alicia keys is launching empowered , a campaign aimed at women .  she hopes to start a global dialogue about hiv and wome .
 opinion : afghanistan ca n't thrive if its women ca n't learn <sec> ahmad massoud : afghanistan 's future is closely tied to the role of its women .  he says it ca n't be stable and productive if women ca n't learn or work .  massoud : food security and economic innovation are the keys to expanding right .
 spain 's next threat : losing 20 % of its economy <sec> catalans go to the polls on sunday november 25 in a vote that trigger a referendum for independence .  catalonia is home to tourist attractions -- barcelona football club and the gaudi house museum .  the ciu is raising the debate on sovereignty at a time of public frustration over taxes in cataloni .
 arrest warrant issued for florida man in quadruple slaying <sec> paul michael merhige faces four counts of first-degree murder , two counts of attempted murder .  four shot dead , 2 hurt in jupiter , florida on thanksgiving night .  police : merhige may have had `` resentment '' for relative .
 oklahoma city cop accused of sexual assaults <sec> an oklahoma police officer is accused of attacking women while on the job .  the alleged assaults took place over several months , authorities say .  police chief : `` we kind of anticipate there may be more victims out there .
 lawyer : mayor never got harassment training , city may be liable <sec> san diego mayor bob filner 's lawyer writes to city attorney about city paying legal fees .  he says filner never got sexual harassment training as mayor , congressman .  filner is being sued by a former spokeswoman for sexual harassment .  the mayor 's lawyer says the city would be liable if the ex-spokeswoman win .
 mary kennedy 's family blasts stories on her death <sec> mary kennedy 's family blasts `` misrepresentations '' of her life .  robert f. kennedy jr. filed for divorce from his wife in 2010 .  the couple was still married at the time of her death .  `` it 's very hard being ... a blood kennedy or being married to one , '' biographer say .
 hong kong protests persist after ultimatum , mob attacks <sec> city leader says protesters must clear roads , stop impeding government workers by monday .  mass hong kong protests enter seventh day .  students allege police failed to protect them when they were attacked .  police say students are escalating the situatio .
 chinese premier : economy faces 'multiple risks ' <sec> chinese premier says economy faces multiple risks .  reform is like 'cutting off a limb , ' he adds .  highly choreographed press conference only time leader faces medi .
 nine-man barca stay five clear of real <sec> barcelona remain five points clear of real madrid , beating getafe 2-1 despite two red cards .  gerard pique sent off in 25th minute and sub rafael marquez goes in time added on .  second-placed real cruise to 3-0 win over espanyol as kaka nets for first time in 2010 .  valencia consolidate third place with 2-0 victory at home to lowly real valladoli .
 beheaded woman 's sister : i might have heard deadly confrontation <sec> new york man charged with second-degree murder after wife found beheaded .  police : woman 's decapitated body found at tv station where she , husband worked .  report : sister says she may have been on phone with victim when she was killed .  aasiya zubair hassan had filed for divorce from muzzammil hassan days earlie .
 danish election cartoon 'voteman ' pulled over scenes of sex , violence <sec> cartoon uses muscle-bound character called voteman to persuade people to vote .  voteman is depicted in a series of sexually suggestive and violent scenes .  parliament speaker apologizes , says cartoon was `` more serious and offensive '' than intended .  danish parliament 's eu information center created cartoon ahead of european election .
 do n't go there ? film chronicles destruction of travel <sec> 'gringo trails ' documents negative affects of backpacker travel around world .  it was filmed over 10 years by a new york anthropologist .  locations include bolivia , bhutan , thailand and timbukt .
 autistic teen sinks 1,000th half-court shot <sec> nicholas bennett , a high school senior in gainesville , georgia , reaches a rare milestone .  bennett , who has autism , hit what he says was his 1,000th half-court shot saturday .  the team 's student manager , he takes the shots in practic .
 meet the man who turns big cats into movie stars <sec> frenchman thierry le portier has been training big cats for the past 49 years .  three of his tigers were used as references for the oscar-nominated film `` life of pi '' .  le portier says training is `` an art '' that takes time and an understanding of the animals .  he says the only animals that scare him are those that have been made `` exotic pets .
 death toll continues rising in landslide in southwest china <sec> death toll reaches 31 after rain-induced landslide in sichuan province .  166 people are missing near the city of dujiangyan .  flooding has deluged 81,000 acres of crops , caused more than $ 40 million in losse .
 iran sentences american to death in spy case <sec> white house : the u.s. takes the matter `` very seriously '' .  an iranian court finds amir hekmati `` corrupt on earth , '' state media say .  he was arrested in august while visiting relatives .  prosecutors allege he was hired to deliver information to ira .
 'furious 7 ' trailer is out <sec> `` furious 7 '' is next installment in `` fast and furious '' franchise .  `` furious 7 '' picks up where last film left off .  paul walker died in the middle of filming this installmen .
 opinion : do n't segregate boys and girls in classrooms <sec> michael kimmel : are single-sex classes an effective way to educate our children ? .  kimmel : no , single-sex classes in public schools might do more harm than good .  he says single-sex classes reinforce gender stereotypes about boys and girls .  kimmel : some would also argue that sex segregation is a form of sex discriminatio .
 265,000 flee as massive wildfires char southern california <sec> new : 123 structures destroyed by wildfires in lake arrowhead .  new : white house : federal agriculture department will provide fire crews .  fires threaten san diego zoo 's wild animal park ; animals evacuated .  malibu canyon fire is 10 percent contained , officials sa .
 u.s. scraps missile defense shield plans <sec> senior u.s. administration official confirms u.s. has scrapped missile plan .  key elements were to have been located in poland , czech republic .  decision likely to appease russia which had fiercely opposed the plans .  plan proposed by bush adminstration , has been under review by obam .
 juventus win at lazio to extend serie a lead <sec> juventus win 2-0 at lazio to extend serie a lead to 11 points .  arturo vidal returns to grab both goals at the stadio olimpico .  in spain , real mallorca climb off the bottom of the table with late win over celta vig .
 republic of china culture wakens in former capital <sec> nanjing , a city of 8 million in eastern china , was previously the chinese capital .  chiang kai-shek headquartered his nationalist kuomintang government here until 1949 .  now the city is making a comeback thanks to its links with its republican past .  tourists flock here to sample the food , music and culture of this er .
 officials : pilot error , drunk navigator caused russian crash <sec> a russian plane should have circled for another landing attempt , a report says .  the crew did n't interact properly , according to russian investigators .  47 people died in the crash in june .  the report comes nearly two weeks after another plane crash that killed hockey player .
