 john brennan , obama 's drone warrior <sec> president barack obama is nominating john brennan to lead the cia .  peter bergen : brennan has been key in use of drones in yemen .  drone war in pakistan winding down as it intensifies in yemen .  bergen : controversy on drones is beginning in yemen , as in pakista .
 escape to the sea in positano , italy <sec> positano , italy , is a small resort town along the amalfi coast .  it is perched upon cliffs that open up to views of the tyrrhenian sea .  positano is very steep , so wear comfortable walking shoes as you stroll around tow .
 modi emerges victorious , prepares for transition <sec> victory parade held for india 's next prime minister , narendra modi .  official results show a clear majority for one party , winning 282 of 543 parliamentary seats .  prime minister manmohan singh says goodbye to nation in his last addres .
 south american bishops pledge to fight human trafficking <sec> catholic bishops warn of `` organized mafias '' that run trafficking networks .  they pledge to do more to fight human trafficking in south america .  child sex trafficking rings are also operating in the area , the bishops sa .
 nine feared dead after philippine plane crash <sec> the wreckage of a c-130 cargo plane is found close to philippine coastline .  the bodies of two of the nine crew members on board were recovered .  c-130 cargo plane was was going to pick up the presidential security grou .
 maathai : world mourns passing of 'true african heroine ' <sec> wangari maathai died at 71 from ovarian cancer .  leaders around the world have paid tribute .  the nobel laureate was trending worldwide on twitter .  there are calls for her legacy to live o .
 report : facebook bought 750 patents from ibm <sec> a report says facebook has acquired 750 patents from computer-systems giant ibm .  facebook has just 56 patents compared with the thousands stockpiled by the likes of apple .  many tech companies are using patents to generate revenue and discourage competitio .
 red cross : gunmen , bombs kill 65 in nigeria <sec> gunmen attack a book shop in potiskum , killing 2 .  in damaturu , gunmen first attacked police offices before moving to churches , mosques .  `` it is a very bad scene , '' a red cross official say .
 total sacks 600 uk steel workers on 'illegal ' strike <sec> new : total says the workers ' employers and acas are in negotiations .  hundreds of striking workers at total oil refinery told to reapply for their jobs .  dispute started after 51 workers were axed , while another company was hiring .  strike prompted walk outs at four power stations , three refineries in the u .
 all by my selfie ! taking travel photos with imaginary girlfriend <sec> japanese blogger keisuke jinushi started the `` hitori date '' ( one-man date ) blog two years ago .  `` hitori date '' shows how to taking selfies with a make-believe girlfriend .  keisuke 's grandmother on the fake girlfriend photos : `` pathetic . '' .  keisuke 's message : `` do n't be ashamed of being single . .
 pretty in a vacant kind of way <sec> life magazine launched the career of an up-and-coming starlet with a photo spread .  she became an a-list celebrity .  cynthia was a mannequi .
 long-lost dylan thomas manuscript found <sec> a long-lost notebook full of poems by dylan thomas is to be sold at auction .  book was discarded by thomas and due to be burnt , but was saved by a housemaid .  manuscript contains working versions of some of the poet 's key works .  sale likely to attract attention , bids , from universities and libraries in uk , u.s .
 severe weather , including tornadoes , ahead in midwest <sec> thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for the midwest and the plains .  tornadoes could strike thursday night and frida .
 police : inauguration performer 's killing was case of mistaken identity <sec> new : cousin says family is happy to hear of arrests but still grieving loss .  two men charged in case will appear in court on tuesday morning .  police say they did n't recover weapon when arresting suspects .  hadiya pendleton was shot to death a week after she performed in washingto .
 gop thanks dems for sidelining 'best messenger ' obama <sec> the national republican senatorial committee held a postmortem call thursday .  the executive director said that democrats shied away from economic issues .  the focus on single issues was using a 'tactic as a strategy , ' republicans said .  republicans gained at least 7 seats in the u.s. senate in tuesday 's midterm .
 from polluter to protector : the uae 's 'green sheikh ' <sec> sheikh al nuaimi has acquired nickname `` green sheikh '' for his climate campaigning .  a member of one of the uae 's ruling families , he abandoned career in oil .  speaking to cnn , he talks about his own moderate lifestyle and role at rio+20 conferenc .
 opinion : napolitano restored fema 's reputation <sec> doug wilson : people who know janet napolitano not surprised she 's to head uc system .  it 's another `` first woman '' nod for her . .  she was first uc santa clara valedictorian , first az governor .  he says as governor , dhs chief brought organizational fiefdoms to common cause .  wilson : she expertly handled emergency response , reviving fema reputation ; is human .
 meet best-selling teen author michelle izmaylov <sec> best-selling author michelle izmaylov shares the secret to her success .  at just 17 , she will be publishing her third title -- `` galaxy watch '' .  her advice for budding authors : `` write a little bit every single day '' .  an admiring schoolteacher gave her the inspiration to publis .
 top 10 cities for new grads <sec> many new grads feel the pressure of deciding where to live after college .  expert suggests being flexible and open-minded about locations and jobs .  cincinnati , ohio , has an average rent rate of $ 61 .
 phylicia rashad says she was misquoted ; cosby maintains silence <sec> writer says he did not misquote phylicia rashad but that her comment is misunderstood .  she says she was n't being dismissive of the women who 've accused bill cosby of sexual assault .  cosby does n't address the allegations during standup ac .
 5 common farmstay questions -- answered ! <sec> as part of agritourism , north american farmers have started opening their doors to visitors .  reid bramblett : `` meals are often the best part of a farmstay experience '' .  staying on a working farm does n't mean you 'll be expected to work as a hired hand .  wwoof.org connects travelers with ranches , farms , and vineyards in 98 countrie .
 as bloody anniversary nears , china touts 'stability , ' growth in tibet <sec> thursday is the anniversary of the tibetan uprising , after which the dalai lama fled .  on sunday , china 's president says `` reform , development and stability '' are needed in tibet .  a communist leader points to `` very grave challenges '' from separatists in tibet .  chinese officials announce plans to add more roads and a key railway in the regio .
 sandy has election officials scrambling ; some worry about turnout <sec> officials in three states say voter turner may be affected by sandy .  many voters will have more pressing personal matters to attend to election day .  some polling stations are being consolidated .  technology , electricity are among the concern .
 5 reasons not to ban social media in the office <sec> bosses should be relaxed about employees going on social media at work , says andrew keen .  it increases creativity and benefits the company or organization , he argues .  and anyway , you wo n't be able to stop it , keen warns employer .
 despite arab spring , women 's rights tenuous , senate panel told <sec> senate panel holds hearing on role of women in arab spring nations .  while tunisia 's shows great promise , the picture in egypt is `` worrisome '' .  some conservative and political forces are calling for a rollback on women 's rights .  rights advocate : `` no country can get ahead when it leaves half of its people behind .
 china to reduce number of executions <sec> government : execution only for heinous crimes with `` grave social consequences '' .  human rights groups estimate 1,700-5,000 people were executed in china last year .  supreme court overturned 10 percent of death sentences last year after review .  `` this is a small incremental step , but a step in the right direction , '' victor gao say .
 real madrid six clear as barca crash to first defeat <sec> real madrid extend la liga lead with 4-1 victory over nine-man atletico .  derby success puts jose mourinho 's team six points clear of barcelona .  defending champions crash to first defeat of la liga season at getafe .  third-placed valencia close to within one point of barcelona with victor .
 china 's expected next leader to make a nostalgic trip to muscatine , iowa <sec> xi jinping is scheduled to visit muscatine , iowa , on wednesday .  presumed to be china 's next president , xi visited the town in 1985 as a provincial official .  sarah lande will be host to xi on this visit , part of his five-day u.s. trip .  `` he is coming only to visit old friends , '' lande sai .
 tanzania bombing suspect charged with war crimes <sec> 1998 bombing in dar es salaam killed 11 , injured hundreds .  ahmed khalfan ghailani , a tanzanian , faces nine charges .  al qaeda-linked suspect could get death sentence from military tribunal .  u.s. embassy in kenya bombed almost same time on august 7 , 199 .
 china 's presence looms amid massive u.s.-japanese annualex war games <sec> uss george washington in huge naval exercise -- annualex 2013 -- off okinawa .  cnn reporter aboard carrier as dozens of warships , subs and aircraft take part .  this year 's games held against backdrop of tension after china imposes new air zone .  china announced a new air defense identification zone , angering u.s. and japa .
 hillary clinton treated for blood clot in her head - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the clot was found in the vein between the brain and the skull behind her right ear .  it did not result in a stroke or neurological damage , clinton 's doctors said .  clinton 's doctors expect her to make a full recover .
 rob thomas : 10 things you need to know about the 'veronica mars ' movie <sec> 'veronica mars ' creator shocked by how quickly he raised money .  the film based on the show got boost from a kickstarter campaign .  he said no one is getting upfront money to participat .
 police obtain search warrant in 'baby lisa ' case <sec> `` baby lisa '' is reported missing on october 4 .  a reported sighting turns out to be a false alarm .  police get a warrant to search the home where the baby lived .  the baby is 30 inches tall , has blonde hair and blue eye .
 florida brush fire prompts evacuations <sec> new : fire 75 % contained late saturday ; many allowed back home .  new : interstate 95 in volusia county is reopened .  the fire is burning near daytona beach .  high winds and low humidity are helping the fire move quickl .
 second horse trainer facing ban for injecting steroids <sec> newmarket trainer admits he is facing a ban for injecting horses with anabolic steroids .  gerard butler says substances were used to treat injured joints and were cleared by vets .  british horseracing authority confirms positive tests from butler 's yard in ongoing probe .  mahmood al zarooni from godolphin stable banned for eight years for doping offense .
 joan rivers , we say thank you <sec> joan rivers helped break the mold for women in comedy .  she got her start speaking `` to women who were n't able to talk about things '' .  during her stand-up , she spoke frankly about being a woman .  the following generations of women comedians have thanked her for opening door .
 plastic surgery safari : getting the 'jennifer lopez butt ' in south africa <sec> many foreigners choose south africa as plastic surgery destination .  nigerians and ghanians among growing numbers of africans choosing cosmetic surgery .  `` surgeon and safari '' company , in johannesburg , facilitates cosmetic procedure .
 poland : from soviet satellite to 'tiger of europe ' <sec> poland was ruled by soviet-backed regime after the second world war .  solidarity movement became a key factor in the fall of communist regime .  centrally-planned economic system replaced by free market economy .  poland joined the european union in 200 .
 busquets free for champions league final as uefa dismiss racism claim <sec> uefa dismiss allegations of racism leveled at barcelona player sergio busquets .  real madrid had accused busquets of racially abusing one of their players .  busquets is now free to play in the champions league final against man utd .  real and barcelona both filed charges against each other after a fiery semifina .
 champions league ref smuggled out of england <sec> referee tom henning ovrebo believed to have been smuggled out of england .  norwegian received death threats after officiating chelsea v barcelona semi .  chelsea captain john terry supports didier drogba 's reaction after the match .  drogba has subsequently apologized for his actions in official club statemen .
 mclaren 's hamilton 'ca n't wait ' for restart <sec> lewis hamilton `` ca n't wait '' for the 2011 formula one season to resume .  his mclaren team have won the last two rounds of the world championship .  hamilton is currently third in the drivers ' standings , 88 points behind sebastian vette .
 soccer star muamba still 'critical ' after on-pitch collapse <sec> fabrice muamba still in critical condition in intensive care at london heart hospital .  bolton says fabrice muamba will be anesthetized in intensive care for 24 hours .  bolton 's tuesday match with aston villa is postponed .  referee calls off quarterfinal match after consulting bolton and tottenham player .
 asteroid passes close to earth <sec> asteroid passes within 38,000 miles of earth on monday , an astronomer says .  the 40-yard-wide rock was nothing to be worried about , he says .  asteroid was spotted by robert mcnaught through his telescope in rural australi .
 beached whale found near long island <sec> 25-foot dead whale washes ashore on new york 's jones beach island .  it 's estimated to weigh 20 to 25 tons .  experts are moving the whale up the beach thursday ; will perform an necropsy frida .
 kanye west settles suit with photographer over assault <sec> the rapper assaulted the photographer at los angeles international airport in 2013 .  west apologized as part of the settlement , the photographer 's lawyer say .
 why cars have to go electric <sec> shai agassi says gulf spill makes it ever more obvious oil costs too high for powering cars .  he says countries like japan , china , israel committing to some electric cars .  for example , his company has electric taxi project in japan to show what 's possible , he says .  he says as countries realize benefits to global economy , more will adopt electric car technolog .
 when worlds collide : soccer vs. politics <sec> argentina 's right-wing junta allegedly bribed peru with grain and a $ 50m loan in 1978 .  organizers of germany 2006 set out to woo the world -- and in doing so lifted its people .  when iran beat u.s. at the 1998 world cup , celebrations in tehran had a destabilizing effect .  algerian players go awol rather than represent colonial masters france at world cu .
 death toll rises to 361 in pakistan flooding <sec> more deaths are reported from the flooding , officials say .  about 600,000 people are living in refugee camps .  the united nations wants donations for flood relief effort .
 christina aguilera not being fired from 'the voice ' <sec> aguilera , 30 , remains under contract for the second season of the singing competition .  `` the voice '' is set to premiere february 5 , following the super bowl .  cee lo green , adam levine and blake shelton will continue to work alongside aguiler .
 marissa alexander , florida woman in warning-shot case , may be freed <sec> alexander said she fired a warning shot to fend off her allegedly abusive husband .  a court ordered that she can get a new trial .  her attorney is hoping she can be released until that tria .
 gifts that give back <sec> there are plenty of gifts you can buy that will help fund charities .  support small businesses in developing countries through buildanest.com .  charitynavigator.com 's good cards are the gift certificates of the philanthropy world .  visit worldofgood.com for eco- and socially conscious stocking stuffer .
 blagojevich 's name , image removed from state capitol <sec> workers waste little time removing images of rod blagojevich from state capitol .  illinois senate voted 59-0 on thursday to remove blagojevich from office .  blagojevich was arrested on corruption charges , continues to proclaim innocenc .
 plateculture : how to book a home-cooked meal in southeast asia <sec> new travel startup plateculture introduces the latest way of eating out -- eating in .  website lists 80 home chefs in four southeast asian countries .  each listing includes detailed menus and review .
 used bikes change kids ' lives <sec> the oasis bike workshop started in 2009 in nashville .  the program provides inner-city youth with the tools to fix and build bikes from the ground up .  share your bike-to-work sounds from the road with cnn irepor .
 stadium roof collapses as brazil prepares for confederations cup <sec> part of the roof of a soccer stadium in brazil collapses in heavy rain .  owners of the salvador stadium say `` human error '' is to blame .  the stadium is due to host three confederations cup matches .  the tournament , which starts next month , is a warmup for the 2014 world cup in brazi .
 cruise ship captain admits 'mistake ' in deposition <sec> captain told a friend managers pressured him to steer toward the island , newspapers say .  he told court officials he was helping with lifeboats and realized he was off the ship .  but in a taped conversation , he tells the friend he left after the ship began listing , paper says .  sixteen people are dead and 16 others missing after costa concordia hit rocks january 1 .
 lindsay sandiford loses execution appeal for bali drug smuggling <sec> supreme court upholds death penalty against sandiford for drug trafficking .  briton convicted of smuggling cocaine worth an estimated $ 2.6 million in bali .  lawyer `` disappointed '' with result of appeal , says sandiford `` was only a courier '' .  two possible options : a judicial review or seeking clemency from presiden .
 san diego mayor bob filner 's resignation in works , reports say <sec> mayor bob filner could resign over sexual harassment , local media reports .  18 women publicly have accused filner of sexual harassment .  a tentative agreement is reached after 3 days of mediation talk .
 donatella versace : fashion 's prima donna <sec> took over brother gianni 's fashion empire after his death in 1997 .  has developed versace to be a lifestyle brand , including furniture and hotels .  hollywood a-list , including jennifer lopez and madonna , often faces of versac .
 maria sharapova completes stuttgart hat-trick <sec> maria sharapova wins wta tournament in stuttgart for third year in a row .  beats ana ivanovic in final in three sets .  claims porsche sports car from sponsors .  kei nishikori wins atp tournament in barcelon .
 kellogg warns not to eat its peanut butter crackers <sec> some types of austin- and keebler-branded sandwich crackers affected .  one of its peanut butter suppliers has been linked to outbreak of salmonella .  kellogg says warning is strictly precautionary ; no incidents of illness reported .  outbreak of salmonella poisoning has affected at least 434 people in 43 state .
 all in the facebook family : older generations join social networks <sec> women older than 55 make up the fastest-growing age group on facebook .  expert says the site has hit a `` tipping point , '' causing older people to join .  some older family members use the site to get in touch with younger generations .  one mother says facebook has become her family 's `` living room .
 'significant ' oil leakage from ship aground off new zealand <sec> officials estimate 130-350 tonnes of oil have leaked from vessel .  high winds , strong swells force halt to fuel oil recovery from ship .  clumps of oil have washed ashore ; rescue teams working to assist wildlife .  the rena ran aground on reef off new zealand 's north islan .
 embattled n.y. imam launches initiative to bridge discord <sec> feisal abdul rauf launches a `` multinational , multifaith movement '' .  the initiative is meant to broaden his groups ' work in promoting religious tolerance .  rauf : `` the islam that i preach is all about worshipping god and loving your neighbor .
