 flu kills four pilgrims in saudi arabia <sec> virus kills teenager , three elderly people on hajj pilgrimage .  arab ministers considered barring some groups from this year 's event .  saudis left responsibility to pilgrims ' countries of origi .
 women accused of drugging men , stealing their valuables <sec> broward county authorities have asked for help nabbing a ring of female thieves .  the 'foxy thieves ' are accused of targeting men they pick up at high-end bars .  they are accused of slipping drugs into their victims ' drinks .  then , police say , they leave with the victims ' valuable .
 natural gas : the next alternative fuel ? <sec> scientists trying to determine which alternative fuel is best for future .  some say compressed natural gas could be the answer .  only only one cng-powered model sold on the consumer market today .  about 1,600 cng refueling stations in u.s , compared to 200,000 gas station .
 china celebrates first swimming golds and a world record <sec> china claims first ever olympic swimming gold in men 's events .  sun yang 0.07 off world record as he claims 400m freestyle title .  16 year old ye shiwen claims second chinese swimming gold in 400m medley .  ye breaks four-year-old world recor .
 'love kitchen ' delivers for knoxville needy <sec> helen ashe has helped serve more than 1 million free meals since 1986 .  the majority of them are delivered to people who ca n't physically leave their homes .  the love kitchen `` feeds their body , and it also feeds their soul , '' said a volunteer .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2011 cnn heroe .
 kenyan president sets 5 tons of ivory ablaze to push conservation <sec> more than 40,000 ivory carvings and 335 elephant tusks are burned .  the kenyan president says he wants to deter smuggling .  a bill will be finalized to punish poachers for illegal tradin .
 bolivian president seeks support for fuel price increase <sec> new : `` of course it 's difficult -- for the national economy , for the family , '' morales tells bolivians .  new : move will result in a stronger national economy , he says .  bolivia ended its subsidies of gasoline and diesel .  the move increased some prices more than 80 percen .
 afghan police say taliban kidnap 50 , including officers <sec> new : a taliban spokesman claims all those captured are police .  the officers are unarmed and on leave , a police chief says .  police are working with province elders to negotiate the group 's release .  their capture is in kunar province 's chapa dara distric .
 time for abe to apologize , properly ( opinion ) <sec> japanese prime minister shinzo abe will address congress on wednesday .  mike honda : abe must commit to educating future generation honestly , humbl .
 olympics day 14 : u.s. men 's hoops team cruises to gold medal game <sec> new : italy 's cammarelle defeats highly ranked ranked super heavyweight boxer to advance .  u.s. men 's hoops team moves to the finals behind lebron james , kevin durant .  bahamas passes the u.s. squad on the last lap in the men 's 4 x 400-meter relay .  the u.s. women 's 4 x 100 relay team breaks a world record in winning gol .
 opinion : gop left obama no choice on immigration <sec> maria cardona explains why republicans forced the president to act on immigration .  the gop , she says , threw up excuse after excuse not to pass immigration reform .  despite broad support , speaker boehner refused to even bring it up for a vot .
 actor rod taylor dead at 85 <sec> australian-born actor rod taylor was the male lead in an alfred hitchcock movie .  he died at home surrounded by his family and loved one .
 cnn student news transcript : may 17 , 2011 <sec> find out why a shuttle launch brought a former astronaut mixed emotions .  consider the political debate surrounding raising the u.s. debt ceiling .  discover why president obama delivered a high school graduation address .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 greece tops lonely planet 's 2014 best in europe list <sec> these european spots are worth a visit in 2014 .  greece and italy offer more than the obvious to the european explorer .  it 's vikings for denmark and the city of beer in the czech republi .
 northeast asia suffers under severe heat wave <sec> the high temperature in a japanese city sets a new national record .  south korea orders government offices to turn off air-conditioning .  the heat is putting extra strain on the country 's struggling power grid .  scorching temperatures continue to afflict shanghai after a brutal jul .
 when a 'daddy ' warrior deploys <sec> family of sgt . .  1st class randy shorter discuss life while dad 's deployed .  shorter is on his third deployment , currently in afghanistan .  `` we have to keep going forward , stay positive , '' daughter say .
 'snl ' replaces two cast members <sec> michaela watkins , casey wilson have reportedly been dropped from the show .  `` 'snl ' was a dream come true for me , '' watkins tells entertainment weekly .  `` saturday night live '' kicks off its 35th season on september 2 .
 1 dead , dozens injured in pennsylvania bus accident <sec> a greyhound bus is involved in an accident on interstate 80 in central pennsylvania .  one person died , and at least four of the 40-plus people injured were in critical condition .  the nature and cause of the incident were n't immediately clea .
 scores of whales dead on new zealand beach <sec> pilot whales have been stranded on remote new zealand beach since friday .  more than 100 have die .
 slaying suspect charged in 'jane doe ' poisoning <sec> new : melissa huckaby charged with attempting to poison `` jane doe , '' 7 .  huckaby due in court to face charges in slaying of another 8-year-old .  she faces special circumstances including kidnap , rape by instrument .  decision on whether to seek the death penalty will come late .
 support grows for darren wilson , officer who shot teen <sec> rallies in support of officer darren wilson are being organized on social media .  funding for the officer and the family has taken off .  friends defend wilson 's action .
 displaced families of u.s. diplomats in egypt anxious to return 'home ' <sec> jim dempsey and daughter , beverly , were forced to leave egypt last month amid uprising .  his wife , a usaid employee , had to stay behind .  they 've been temporarily relocated to virgina but now consider egypt home .  `` i want to go back really badly , but that does n't mean i do n't like it here , '' says beverly , 1 .
 should parents get jail when kids left alone ? ( opinion ) <sec> mark o'mara : in march , homeless mom arrested after leaving kids in car during job interview .  arrest drew outrage -- one among many recently in which parents left kids while at work .  he says poverty being criminalized and neighbors used to help but now just call police .  o'mara says his mom let him play unattended as kid in new york but today she 'd be arreste .
 joni ernst defends skipping des moines register meeting <sec> joni ernst canceled a preplanned meeting with the des moines register last week .  ernst said 'it was quite evident ' the paper would back her opponent , which they did .  the newspaper said ernst 's cancellation was not the sole factor behind the endorsemen .
 how smartphones make us superhuman <sec> mobile phones have become human `` appendages '' or `` phantom limbs '' .  they connect us to each other in ways previously unimaginable .  survey finds 68 % of people sleep with their phones at bedside .  modern phones pack `` more computing power than apollo 11 , '' essayist say .
 family describes fear , elation as balloon saga unfolded <sec> falcon heene said he went in attic because he had gotten in trouble earlier .  dad said he `` lost it '' when he saw balloon land without his son inside .  family searched small drawers , friends ' houses in case he was hiding .  `` i dropped to my knees , '' father said when boy emerged from atti .
 pakistani official disputes claim of isi-insurgent 'relationship ' <sec> adm. mike mullen said isi has `` longstanding relationship '' with the haqqani network .  a senior pakistani intelligence official says that relationship is `` that of an adversary '' .  `` onus of providing proof on this '' rests with the americans , the official says .  despite strain , mullen says leaders `` are very committed to working our way through this .
 stalking charge against tennis star jennifer capriati dropped <sec> capriati 's ex-boyfriend said she punched him four times at a gym .  he said the former tennis star also stalked , harassed or followed him several other times .  charges are dropped since she finished community service , anger management classes .  capriati 's legal representative has said the allegations are overexaggerate .
 is south africa addicted to coal ? <sec> south africa is host of the united nations climate change conference or cop17 .  south africa is the world 's fourth largest coal exporter , selling some $ 10 billion-worth in 2010 .  coal one of the worst polluters on the planet ; sa under pressure to reduce its use .  government says it has plans to use more sustainable energ .
 the 'rainman ' of rajasthan <sec> rajendra singh has devoted his life to solving rajasthan 's water problems .  rajasthan is india 's largest state and also one of the driest .  singh says rainwater is a resource we can not afford to waste .  ten thousand water harvesting structures have been made in the last 25 year .
 obama wins endorsement from raul castro 's daughter <sec> `` i would like him to win , '' mariela castro says of obama 's election bid .  `` obama needs another opportunity , '' she adds .  castro says alan gross and the `` cuban 5 '' should be release .
 justice department wo n't prosecute cia interrogators in two prisoner deaths <sec> justice department closes criminal investigation of alleged cia abuses in 2002 , 2003 .  it looked at prisoner deaths at abu ghraib prison in iraq and at a secret prison in afghanistan .  prosecutor originally looked into allegations of cia interrogation abuses in about 100 cases .  in 2011 , investigation was narrowed to two cases , which were closed thursda .
 thailand 's yingluck shinawatra dismisses calls to step down <sec> new : thai court issues an arrest warrant for suthep on a charge of insurrection .  yingluck shinawatra says the door is open for negotiations .  the protest leader on sunday urged yingluck to step dow .
 is airtime ( a clothed version of chatroulette ) destined to fail ? <sec> napster co-founders sean parker , shawn fanning launch social video venture called airtime .  the network is built on top of facebook .  it allows users to chat with friends or people with shared interests .  it 's unclear , however , if people want to video chat with stranger .
 cancer victim kleybanova wins comeback match in miami <sec> alisa kleybanova wins on her return to tennis at the miami masters .  the russian had been out for 10 months battling hodgkin 's lymphoma .  the 22-year-old battles to a three-set victory over sweden 's world no . .  64 johanna larsson .  kleybanova has won two wta titles during her nine years on the circui .
 flower power threatens kenya 's lake victoria <sec> water hyacinth covers large swaths of lake victoria .  the invasive plant species is choking the lake of fish and affecting fishermen livelihoods .  local weavers have found that the hyacinth can be used to make their products .  the weavers are not even putting a dent into the dense growt .
 'gen xer ' paul ryan takes up gop torch , makes case to young voters <sec> many younger republicans see paul ryan as a symbol of their generation .  ryan will have to make the case to young voters that gop policies are an asset .  young democrats say ryan is too far right to represent young voters .  'gen xers ' seen as more fertile ground for republicans than millennial .
 disney actors face 'hardest race in world ' <sec> brought together on the set of a disney movie , two friends set to tackle the volvo ocean race .  charlie enright and mark towill will travel 73,000 nautical kilometers over nine months .  the youngest team , they raised the required $ 21 million in funding to compete in the event .  manager towill warned tempers will be frayed and friendships tested during the rac .
 jackie chan 's son held in anti-drugs crackdown in china 's capital <sec> jaycee chan , from hong kong , and taiwanese actor kai ko tested positive for marijuana .  police found more than 100 grams at chan 's beijing apartment .  beijing authorities have been clamping down on drug use , especially among celebrities .  jackie chan has been an anti-drugs campaigner in chin .
 swat valley : ski resort to taliban stronghold <sec> taliban militants in pakistan 's swat valley take control of neighboring buner district .  swat valley was once one of pakistan 's top tourist attractions .  militants are now closer to islamabad than any point since start of insurgenc .
 flipping gender roles , from 'ghostbusters ' to 'scarface ' <sec> we asked cnn 's facebook audience which women they 'd like to see in male roles .  zoe saldana as harrison ford in `` indiana jones '' ? .  why not ? .  share your recommendations in the comment .
 donor says he got thousands for his kidney <sec> cnn investigating what appears to be a widespread black market in human organs .  israeli man says he received $ 20,000 for his kidney .  he says he lied to the hospital about the money he received .  10 percent of kidney transplants worldwide are thought to be illega .
 commentary : u.s. must lead world on human rights <sec> jimmy carter : it 's heartening to see world enthusiasm over obama 's election .  new president has pledged to close guantánamo and end torture , he says .  carter : these steps would signal renewed u.s. support for human rights .  he says u.s. is vital in sending message to dictators about human right .
 pep guardiola plays cat and mouse with english premier league clubs <sec> former barcelona coach pep guardiola wants to coach in england `` in the future '' .  guardiola linked with a number of top european clubs .  joined barca as a 13-year-old and won six la liga titles and one european cu .
 songza apps socialize the digital mix tape <sec> think of songza as curated , hand-picked internet radio .  songza does n't impose any limitations on how much music you can listen to .  app focuses on connecting users with curated or peer-created mix tape .
 hong kong youth caught in wave of ketamine addiction <sec> police : ketamine is the top drug of choice among young people in hong kong .  drug use among those under 21 has jumped 57 percent in the last four years .  police stepping up crackdowns , say parks and public toilets hot spots for drug use .  hong kong has one drug rehab center for youth , located on a remote former pig far .
 world 's unfriendliest nations for tourists ? <sec> world 's unfriendliest country towards tourists is bolivia .  foreign visitors feel most welcome in iceland and new zealand .  rankings part of wef 's travel & tourism competitiveness report 2013 .  switzerland again the most competitive countr .
 an 'up ' note to cannes opening : pixar goes 10 for 10 <sec> `` up , '' new film from pixar , opens cannes film festival .  critics widely praise animated film -- the usual reaction to pixar movies .  why the opener ? .  `` it 's a wonderful story , it 's a terrific film , '' critic kenneth turan say .
 getting to know syria 's first family <sec> behind the scenes , the relatives of syrian president bashar al-assad hold significant influence .  al-assad has put some of them in important government positions .  his brother maher is a military leader often considered syria 's second most powerful man .  his nephew rami makhlouf is regarded as the richest person in the countr .
 prostitution , drugs alleged in state department memo <sec> house committee chief says he 's asked his staff to begin an investigation .  state department memo alleges a drug ring operated near the u.s. embassy in iraq .  an ambassador allegedly engaged prostitutes , a memo says .  investigations into the allegations , in some cases , were stymie .
 opinion : obama , do n't get sucked into iraq iii <sec> writer : obama administration will likely yield to pressure to act on isis advances in iraq .  he says it should not . .  the u.s. could not have prevented crisis . .  bad iraqi governance was key .  he says any success repelling isis in iraq will be short-lived unless u.s. also does so in syria .  u.s. would need sustained strategy if it is to address crisis . .  we 've seen this movie before , he say .
 harnessing pedal power to light up africa <sec> 589 million people in africa live without access to a public electricity facility .  nuru energy has created a pedal generator that allows light and mobile phone recharging .  the company says its products are more affordable and reliable than other energy solutions .  it has set up a network of micro entrepreneurs who sell and recharge the light .
 irs trying to reach millions who have n't filed for stimulus checks <sec> 5 million people , mostly seniors and vets , have n't filed papers for stimulus check .  irs has sent out more than 76 million stimulus checks so far .  irs sent information to social security recipients , vets about how to apply .  agency launching public relations campaign titled , `` it 's not too late to file ! .
 guardiola agrees three-year deal with bayern <sec> josep guardiola will replace jupp heynckes as bayern munich coach .  guardiola won 14 trophies as coach of barcelona before stepping down last year .  the catalan coach has agreed a three-year deal which will run until 2016 .  guardiola has been living in new york while on a year-long sabbatica .
 michael landon 's oldest son found dead <sec> `` bonanza '' star 's son mark landon found dead in west hollywood home .  officials say no indication of foul play in 60-year-old 's death .  mark landon had a few acting credits , playing small roles in three movie .
 buzz building for 'batman : arkham asylum ' game <sec> online buzz is strong for upcoming `` batman : arkham asylum '' video game .  lead writer paul dini and others discuss the game at comic-con this weekend .  the game reunites a brooding batman and his most notorious nemesis , the joker .  there 's no movie or comic tie-in to follow , so dini could create an original stor .
 transitional government prefers to try gadhafi son in libya <sec> libya would like to show that saif al-islam gadhafi can receive a fair trial .  ntc : if he is captured in libya , he will be tried there .  the international criminal court has issued an arrest warrant for hi .
 bolivian president apologizes for kneeing soccer opponent in groin <sec> the incident occurred sunday in a friendly game against a team of city workers .  morales says he was kicked and insulted and then lost his composure .  he says it is `` clear '' he fell into a trap , morales says .  the la paz mayor , the head of the other team , denies there was a trap or insult .
 18,000 held in bangladesh 'political crackdown ' <sec> bangladesh police have detained or arrested 18,000 people in 11 days .  human rights groups decry the actions as politically motivated .  round-ups began after parties refused to cooperate with military governmen .
 national hurricane center director leaves position <sec> national hurricane center director bill proenza has left his position .  nearly half of the nhc signed a petition calling for him to step down .  proenza came under fire for comments he made about the quikscat satellite .  staff unhappy with environment of closed doors , public bickerin .
 obama calls boehner after gop wins house majority <sec> boehner is expected to be the next house speaker .  obama says he hopes to work together with house republicans .  boehner tells obama that american people expect job creation and spending cut .
 u.s. suspects accused of sending money to syria , iraq <sec> the six suspects include a husband and wife .  they were arrested this month in illinois and st. louis , according to court record .
 city comes out on top in semifinal showdown <sec> manchester city defeated chelsea 2-1 in the fa cup semifinal at wembley .  samir nasri and sergio aguero on target for city , who will face wigan in final .  manchester united moves 15 points clear at top of premier league .  robin van persie scores for first time in 10 games during 2-0 wi .
 l.a. lakers fire head coach 5 games into season <sec> lakers coach mike brown sacked after team 's poor start to the new nba season .  his assistant bernie bickerstaff will be interim head coach for friday night 's game .  team 's management decided to make the move thursday following loss to uta .
