 scientist : holographic television to become reality <sec> researchers have created the first rewritable and erasable holographic images .  holographic televisions could come out of the wall or up from a table .  the 3-d hologram technology could have uses in surgery or in the militar .
 hackers target san francisco 's rapid transit system <sec> new : a video urges protesters monday to wear red shirts and record the event .  statements attributed to anonymous promised an online attack sunday on bart .  mybart.gov appears sunday to have been hacked .  the system said it was prepared for hacks , as well as a planned protest monda .
 rand paul 's phone banking in new hampshire <sec> rand paul was in new hampshire for the fourth time since early last year . .  the state is a must-stop for presidential hopefuls . .  this time he was campaigning for other candidates in the state before the midterms . .  his day got off to a slow start with a phone-banking experience .
 rights group : china may not be ready for labor camp reforms <sec> chinese media recently said infamous 're-education through labor ' system would be reformed .  hrw : roughly 160,000 people are detained in china for up to four years without trial .  maya wang : like other long-mooted reforms , this might only be a cosmetic gesture .  as a type of arbitrary detention , rtl should not be reformed , it should be abolished , she say .
 obama dropping vets insurance proposal <sec> white house chief of staff meets with veterans groups .  administration wanted to charge private insurers for treatment of veterans .  vets ' groups and members of congress have angrily opposed the proposa .
 karzai : afghanistan to take over security in parts of the country <sec> new : secretary of state clinton , nato welcome news .  the announcement is part of long-awaited plan to hand over security .  karzai credits the surge of international forces with improving security on the groun .
 vatican official arrested in corruption probe , rome prosecutor says <sec> new : prosecutor : the alleged attempt to bring cash into italy was `` extremely sophisticated '' .  a vatican official and two other people have been arrested , the prosecutor says .  the 3 arrests are not directly linked to a probe into the vatican bank , he says .  pope francis set up a papal commission this week to look at the bank 's activitie .
 ex-credit suisse banker pleads guilty to fraud , set to aid tax inquiry <sec> a former credit suisse banker is accused of helping u.s. clients evade taxes .  andreas bachmann surrendered and is expected to help a federal investigation .  credit suisse ceo told senate panel that evasion was work of rogue bankers .  a senate report finds the bank hid nearly $ 12 billion from ir .
 manchester city survive scare to land first trophy of english season <sec> manchester city win english league cup at wembley .  beat sunderland 3-1 in all premier league clash .  sunderland led through fabio borini strike .  yaya toure , samir nasri and jesus navas scored city 's goal .
 use with caution : the perils of wikipedia <sec> free online encyclopedia wikipedia has fallen victim to hoaxers , vandals .  students and journalists have fallen foul of site 's inaccuracies .  cal tech grad student has uncovered corporate wikipedia whitewashing .  site is still a valuable resource -- when used with cautio .
 barbra streisand sets a new record <sec> barbra streisand 's new album opened at no . .  1 .  it 's her 10th no . .  1 release .  it also makes streisand the first artist to have a no . .  1 in each of the past six decade .
 van pelt holds off dufner in perth to claim first victory of the season <sec> bo van pelt wins perth international after final round 68 .  he finishes two clear of fellow american jason dufner .  first victory of the year for van pelt .  paul casey shows improved form tied for fift .
 virginia tech reopens site of mass shooting <sec> about two years after mass shooting , university reopens incident site .  30 students , faculty members died in norris hall after gunman killed two in dorm .  the shooter , seung-hui cho , killed himself in norris hall after firing spree .  the building now includes the center for peace studies and violence preventio .
 bosnian serb genocide suspect mladic refuses to enter plea <sec> new : the hearing is adjourned until further notice .  the court orders a combative mladic removed from the hearing .  the judge enters a not guilty plea on his behalf .  the former bosnian serb commander was arrested after more than 15 years in hidin .
 memorial service celebrates life of racer dan wheldon <sec> new : the memorial is by turns emotional and humorous .  new : dan wheldon 's teammates recall practical jokes .  new : he is remembered as a devoted family man .  the two-time indy 500 winner died october 16 after a crash in las vega .
 ex-dea chiefs blast holder on marijuana stance in colorado , washington <sec> former dea leaders criticize justice department 's approach to legal marijuana in 2 states .  ex-chiefs `` shocked and dismayed '' at decision to let laws in colorado , washington stand .  marijuana is still classified as dangerous and is still illegal on federal level , they sa .
 q & a ; : venezuela 's presidential election <sec> maduro , capriles will square off in sunday 's presidential vote .  the election comes less than six weeks after the death of chavez .  more than 18.9 million venezuelans are registered to vote .  the economy and crime are key issues at stak .
 ramzi stripped of olympic 1500m gold <sec> bahrain 's rashid ramzi stripped of olympic 1500m gold from beijing .  ramzi tested positive for cera an advanced version of blood-booster epo .  four other athletes who tested positive for cera also sanctioned .  moroccan-born ramzi also faces two-year ban from track and fiel .
 intelligent robot claw recycles waste <sec> new robotic system separates recyclable materials from construction waste .  construction and demolition industries produce one third of all waste worldwide .  robot scans objects with weight measurement , 3-d scanning and spectromete .
 charice : the next celine dion ? <sec> charice once performed at madison square garden with celine dion .  producer david foster calls the young singer incredible .  last week , charice released her self-titled debut album in the united states .  charice and her brother , karl , were raised by their single mother in the philippine .
 how access to power can fuel africa 's economic growth <sec> tony o. elumelu is chairman of heirs holdings , a pan-african investment company .  he says african economic growth is being stifled by lack of reliable power .  he has pledged $ 2.5 billion to u.s. president barack obama 's `` power africa '' initiativ .
 star viktor troicki says 'treated like a criminal ' with doping ban <sec> viktor troicki hits back after being suspended for missing a drugs test .  serbian star given 18-month ban by international tennis federation .  troicki insists he was given permission to skip drugs test .  the 27-year-old will appeal against the decision at court of arbitration for sport .
 spain 's chic hotel chains <sec> barcelona 's gat hotels feature abstract art and stylishly minimalist furniture .  room mate has branches in a handful of spanish cities .  in madrid , analina rooms offers tastefully modernist brown-and-white interior .
 clinton wraps up africa tour in cape verde <sec> secretary of state hillary clinton winds up 11-day africa trip with cape verde visit .  clinton 's visit has included stops in kenya , liberia and nigeria .  clinton has urged african leaders to continue government reform .
 controversy as juve snatch milan draw <sec> juventus remain the only unbeaten team in italy after 1-1 draw at ac milan on saturday .  champions milan led 1-0 before having a sulley muntari goal controversially disallowed .  result left 10-man juve one point behind leaders milan with a game in han .
 ireland in quarters after crushing italy <sec> ireland reach quarter-finals of rugby world cup with emphatic 36-6 victory over italy .  ireland top pool c ahead of second-placed australia , and now play wales .  italy 's coach had claimed his team boasted a better front row and would prove it .  hosts new zealand shrug off loss of dan cartter to thrash canada 75-1 .
 abc diving show : your celebrity stars are ... <sec> abc 's `` splash '' will premiere on tuesday , march 19 .  keshia knight pulliam , kendra wilkinson and other stars will compete .  fox 's diving show `` stars in danger '' did a total belly flop in the rating .
 kabul 's 'unnoticed ' child workers <sec> a new documentary examines the child labor problem in afghanistan 's capital .  there are nearly 60,000 child workers there , according to the film 's co-director .  unicef : worldwide , child labor affects one of every six children age 5-1 .
 santorum wants to impose 'judeo-christian sharia ' <sec> dean obeidallah : santorum would like to impose christian law on u.s . .  he says santorum has repeatedly said he thinks civil law should reflect christian law .  he says candidate would annul gay marriages , compel rape victims to give birth .  obeidallah : how does this differ from sharia law santorum warns about , denounces .
 temperature 's up -- so are shootings in nyc <sec> bloomberg : `` when we have hot temperatures ... the crime rate seems to go up '' .  but year-to-date , shootings are down in new york city .  a professor explains : `` lifestyle differences exist between cold ... and warm weather '' .  another professor says there 's not enough evidence to blame weekend numbers on hea .
 issa accuses democratic counterpart of obstructing irs investigation <sec> house panel to vote thursday whether to hold former irs official lois lerner in contempt .  republican darrell issa of california is chairman of the house oversight committee .  the panel 's top democrat , rep. elijah cummings , says it 's a tactic worthy of mccarthy .  sen. joseph mccarthy 's anti-communism efforts are seen as a dark page in u.s. histor .
 graham suspects china involved in sony attack - cnnpolitics.com <sec> graham said he believes china was involved or knew about north korea 's cyberattack .  graham gave obama a rare kudos on his handling of the sony hack .  guantanamo should be closed , graham says , but terror suspects should remain in military prison .
 obama : wright flap has 'shaken me up ' <sec> sen. obama discusses former pastor with cnn 's anderson cooper .  `` this controversy has actually shaken me up a little bit , '' obama says .  obama also blasted clinton 's claims that he is hindering michigan , florida revote .  illinois senator says u.s. efforts in iraq continue to be a `` failed strategy .
 bear replaces colonel reb as ole miss mascot <sec> rebel black bear will be new athletics mascot .  colonel reb was sidelined for good in 2003 .  winner was chosen by poll , student .
 q & a : taliban influence weakens pakistan <sec> taliban influences in pakistan has developed over years .  pakistan government weak and could be weakened further .  pakistan has options to deal with taliban , but they come with problem .
 bangladeshi navy ships search bay of bengal for traces of flight 370 <sec> bangladeshi navy frigates searching bay of bengal have found nothing , officer says .  a malaysian official warns of the consequences of sending ships to the bay .  the joint search chief says he 's still confident the plane is in the southern indian ocean .  malaysia airlines is closing relatives ' support centers , urging relatives to return hom .
 who 's who in the bobbi kristina brown case ? <sec> bobbi kristina brown has said she wanted to be singer like her mother .  her father has said that his daughter is not married to nick gordon .  whitney houston left estate to daughter ; it was to be doled out over year .
 the prince , the play date and a small incident of theft <sec> the duke and duchess of cambridge and prince george are visiting nz and australia .  prince george had a play date with 10 babies in wellington on wednesday .  the 8-month-old prince was described by one onlooker as `` quite a bruiser '' .  he did n't scream or break anything but did grab a toy from one of the other childre .
 why pinterest is 2012 's hottest website <sec> unique visitors to pinterest grew 400 % from september to december 2011 .  pinterest drives more visitors to third-party websites than google+ , youtube and linkedin .  it 's a visual social network that organizes by topic and lets you reshare with one clic .
 'the night circus ' looks to enchant fans of 'twilight ' and 'harry potter ' <sec> erin morgenstern puts a star-crossed lovers twist on magicians .  publishers hope `` the night circus '' will be the next `` harry potter '' .  morgenstern is met with great enthusiasm at her `` signing-palooza .
 lawyers for michael jackson 's doctor worry about nancy grace <sec> new : nancy grace reaction : `` i guess that makes us , ummm , the good guys ! '' .  the judge refuses the prosecution 's request to delay the trial .  the defense says it may want the jury sequestered , citing the casey anthony case .  murray is charged with involuntary manslaughter in connection with jackson 's deat .
 official : obama ok 'd raid based on '50-50 ' chance bin laden was there <sec> national security adviser tom donilon says obama got `` divided counsel '' on raid .  relying on a `` circumstantial case , '' the president gave the go-ahead the next morning .  donilon says the amount of intel gathered is `` about the size of a college library '' .  he says there 's no evidence pakistani authorities knew that bin laden was ther .
 barack obama has a plan to take out isis -- but who 's with him ? <sec> barack obama making case to nation for increasing military action against isis .  john kerry in middle east trying to get more of the region 's leaders on board .  germany , uk , france to offer assistance ; russia wary of potential u.s. strikes in syri .
 drivers shocked by man hanging on back of car <sec> new : police say the incident was a domestic dispute .  a man was lying on the outside of the trunk of a car on interstate 77 in north carolina .  the car was being driven by a woman and had a child inside .  the man smashed the rear windshield and climbed inside , witnesses sa .
 leak probe has chilled sources , ap exec says <sec> justice department subpoenaed associated press phone records as part of leak probe .  ap ceo says sweeping seizure done in secret has sources nervous about talking to ap .  justice department has defended handling of the matter , saying it was thorough .  investigation centered on leak of classified information about terror plo .
 typhoon morakot nears taiwan <sec> new : storm about 200 km ( 124 miles ) southeast of taipei , cnn meteorologist says .  new : mudslides and landslides occur already friday morning .  new : airlines cancel flights ; schools , government offices , stock exchange closed .  taiwan is vulnerable to flash flooding , mudslides because mountains are near se .
 oil increases to highest level since 2008 <sec> oil prices spiked to their highest levels since 2008 .  fears rise that tensions with iran may disrupt world supply .  burgeoning demand in china also a rising price facto .
 gsa head resigns over 'wasteful ' las vegas seminar <sec> new : rep. darrell issa slams the spending .  gsa administrator martha johnson says `` taxpayer dollars were squandered '' .  las vegas training conference for 300 attendees cost $ 822,000 , report says .  gsa employees spent more than $ 100,000 to scout location , report say .
 go beyond the beach in the dominican republic <sec> santo domingo , the dominican republic 's capital , was the new world 's first city .  explore 16th-century buildings , colonial streets , romantic ruins and dominican city life .  cheap , comfortable buses connect to the city from beach area .
 fully occupied ? hong kong 's protest hotel <sec> entrepreneur opened up the small hotel using memorabilia from hong kong 's occupy central protests .  for as little as $ 10 per night , guests can pay to sleep in an original occupy tent .  11-week-long pro-democracy protests captured the imagination of people around the worl .
 brain-controlled helicopter takes mental concentration to new heights <sec> the orbit uses electrical brainwave signals to issue flight commands .  san francisco-based makers puzzlebox say the toy enhances ability to concentrate .  to encourage future adaptations , all software and schematics for the orbit are open sourc .
 teacher arrested for 'anti-india ' exam questions <sec> authorities arrest teacher for content of exam .  police said questions attempted to glorify people who pelt indian troops with stones .  over five months , unrest in indian kashmir has killed 11 .
 kidnapped newborn baby found 'thanks to facebook ' <sec> new : uncle : woman dressed as nurse said she was taking baby for tests .  police say the woman abducted a newborn from a canadian hospital .  facebook post from police leads to a tip from a woman 's former neighbor .  `` every click , every share made the difference , '' the baby 's grateful mom say .
 casting net : kevin hart and ice cube sign on for 'ride along 2 ' <sec> tim story will return to direct `` ride along 2 '' .  haley joel osment is in for `` entourage '' movie .  'snl ' alum rachel dratch has joined cast of `` the grief of others .
 arrests made in abduction of georgia teen ayvani perez <sec> new : a third man is arrested in connection with kidnapping of 14-year-old girl .  ayvani perez was taken from her home at gunpoint on september 17 .  the girl was returned unharmed , with kidnappers getting nothing in retur .
 teen gets heart device after transplant list saga <sec> a 15-year-old in georgia initially told he could n't be on heart transplant list .  his family learned this week he 's being put on the transplant list .  original hospital letter to family said teen denied due to `` history of noncompliance '' .  friday he had a vad implanted , family spokesman sai .
 dozens injured in swiss train crash near granges-pres-marnand <sec> new : one train 's driver is missing after a head-on collision , police say .  the head-on crash of two commuter trains happened around 6:50 p.m. , spokesman says .  it 's too early to know what caused the collision in western switzerland , the spokesman says .  the trains were on a route between payerne and lausanne , spokesman say .
 the force behind a 'bad year for bad guys ' <sec> srdja popovic says people power was the driving force behind the falls of dictator regimes .  he says policymakers often overlook the strategic value of supporting non-violent movements .  popovic says the world should commit resources away from violent campaigns into non-violent pro-democracy movement .
 u.n. hosts filming of `` law & order : svu '' episode <sec> tv show is the first to film at u.n. 's new york headquarters .  tuesday 's episode centers on child soldiers .  it 's first project in u.n. 's creative community outreach initiative .  `` svu '' writers , cast relied on guidance from advocacy grou .
 sevilla star dies after collapse <sec> sevilla 's spanish international antonio puerta has died aged 22 .  puerta suffered prolonged cardiac arrest in saturday 's 4-1 victory over getafe .  he was able to walk from the pitch but collapsed again in the changing roo .
 a face you 're bound to know : actor ed lauter dead at 74 <sec> his career spanned four decades from 'mannix ' to 'the artist ' .  he has often played sheriffs , heavies , cops .  he seemed to be the opposite of the out-of-work actor .  he shot movies due to come out in the next two years , so you may see him agai .
 survey : adults text more than teens while driving <sec> at & t report says almost half of adults admit they text while driving .  just 43 % of teens confess to doing the same thing .  nearly all -- 98 % -- of respondents knew texting and driving is unsaf .
 conrad murray wo n't testify in jackson death trial <sec> murray : `` i will be asserting my fifth amendment privilege against self-incrimination '' .  jackson lawyers cancel deposition of murray .  the jacksons claim aeg live bears responsibility for pop icon 's death .  aeg : jacksons canceled deposition because murray would `` destroy '' their cas .
 david steinberg on gop gaffes : 'gift from god to comedians ' <sec> steve carell and david steinberg collaborated on the showtime series `` inside comedy '' .  the documentary-style series features different comedians each week .  steinberg : `` there 's no audience . .  no pressure . .  they 're not on , but they 're funny .
