 souped-up superyachts explore world 's most exotic corners <sec> new breed of adventure explorers offer comforts of superyachts .  cruise the arctic circle , explore uncharted river deltas and bask in the caribbean sun .  explorers come packed with toys : helicopters , jet skis , dinghies and mor .
 putin points to u.s. role in gadhafi 's killing <sec> new : mccain criticized russia 's `` back-sliding on human rights and democracy '' last week .  vladimir putin suggests u.s. drones and commandos had a role in gadhafi 's death .  the russian prime minister questions sen. john mccain 's soundness of mind .  in response , mccain tweets : `` dear vlad , is it something i said ? .
 amanda knox 's ex says there are anomalies in the case <sec> `` this has been a real tragedy , '' raffaele sollecito says .  sollecito 's legal team lays the groundwork for an appeal in his murder conviction .  an italian appeals court sentenced him to 25 years in prison , knox to 28 .  they were convicted in the death of knox 's former roommate meredith kerche .
 detroit-area man who shot woman on porch to face murder trial <sec> judge rules that detroit-area man will stand trial on a charge of second-degree murder .  theodore paul wafer shot and killed renisha mcbride on his dearborn heights porch .  renisha mcbride 's family pushed for an arrest .  wafer 's attorney says his client acted in self-defens .
 john grisham apologizes for remarks on child porn <sec> john grisham has apologized for comments he made about child porn .  the prolific author said the justice system is too harsh on some sex offenders .  the comments have sparked outrage from fan .
 possible conflict of interest delays new lawyer for dr. murray <sec> murray wants lawyer nareg gourjian to join his defense team .  gourjian 's old firm says he worked on michael jackson 's criminal defense .  the judge will decide if there is a conflict of interest .  gourjian says he was too busy with scott peterson to work for jackso .
 indiana infant to get transplant after all <sec> medicaid denied coverage for seth petreikis ' surgery .  infant will go to duke in north carolina next year .  `` i am so , so , so grateful , '' father say .
 plane crash kills 3 families with young children on way to vacation <sec> some family members of 14 victims visit scene of crash .  investigators looking into whether the single-engine plane was overloaded .  faa says 7 children , 7 adults were aboard plane that crashed in butte , montana .  no recorders aboard ; it 's not clear whether details of the crash will ever be know .
 official : times square suspect had taliban ties <sec> extent of involvement has not been determined , official says .  faisal shahzad probably trained with extremists in pakistan , official says .  suspect 's father , four other men interrogated in pakista .
 mötley crüe 's vince neil slays the national anthem <sec> singing the national anthem is a risky proposition .  whitney houston nailed it ; roseanne barr destroyed i .
 nobel prize for economics awarded to 3 americans <sec> robert shiller warned about stock and housing bubbles , cnn money reports .  yale 's shiller and two university of chicago economists worked on predicting asset prices .  their work `` laid the foundation for the current understanding of asset prices , '' committee says .  `` finance drives modern civilization , '' shiller say .
 a tale of two ipods : why the touch has no camera <sec> apple upgraded its ipod nano with a video camera , not its ipod touch .  nano 's video camera is a direct challenge to flip 's tiny , no-zoom camcorder .  nano has an fm radio with live pausing , rewinding and ability to tag tracks in itunes .  perhaps apple is putting the touch on a two-year update plan like the iphon .
 feds tie slayings to husband-wife id theft team <sec> dmitriy yakovlev , 42 , and his wife , julia , had been charged with bank fraud and id theft .  prosecutors : dmitriy now faces murder charges in deaths of two id-theft victims .  lawyer : dmitriy yakovlev remains in jail , but his wife is out on bai .
 chinese netizens outraged over response to fatal bullet train crash <sec> china 's equivalent of twitter becomes the main source of news as state media are slow to report the crash .  chinese officials put a brave face on their response .  ordinary people believe the railway ministry is corrupt and inefficient .  chinese netizen : `` today 's china is a bullet train racing through a thunderstorm -- and we are all passengers onboard .
 family shoplifted millions in mom 's big black dress , feds say <sec> three illinois family members accused in decade-long shoplifting ring .  prosecutors say they stole more than $ 7 million in goods .  how ? .  by concealing the goods in the mom 's big black dress .  they face up to 10 years in prison , fines , restitution , if convicte .
 photographer says death photo was attempt to alert subway driver <sec> new : `` i would have said , 'mr . .  han , run the other direction , ' '' photographer says .  `` i had no idea what i was shooting , '' the photographer writes in a new york post piece .  a media critic calls the photo `` profit-motive journalism at its worst '' .  the image shows a man moments before he 's struck by a subway trai .
 from norway , an eco-alternative to teak <sec> norwegian company has developed eco-friendly way to simulate hardwood .  kebony uses sustainable wood including maple , pine and beech .  wood is treated to give it the same look , performance as tropical hardwood .  product widely used in norway , now the company is expanding internationall .
 behind the scenes at studio 54 <sec> rare images capturing the crazy parties in studio 54 , the legendary new york nightclub , will be released in book form .  celebrities such as michael jackson , cher , mick jagger and tina turner were known to frequent the club .  in its original form , the club was only open between 1977 to 1981 , but it still remains influential to this da .
 gambino , bonanno family members held in joint us-italy anti-mafia raid <sec> no bail for 4 u.s. suspects ; bond was set for 3 others , and all were released .  u.s. justice officials accuse these 7 arrested in new york of drug trafficking .  the raids zero in on the calabrian mafia , the 'ndrangheta ; 17 arrested in italy .  it is the first such joint crackdown on ties between mafia families in the united states and ital .
 opinion : the truth about the texas filibuster and abortion <sec> paul waldman : sen. wendy davis ' filibuster over abortion bill a rare look into state of politics .  he says nationally gop may be weak , but in states , where abortion vulnerable , it controls .  he says depressing truth is despite davis ' feat , gop likely to pass an abortion bill later .  waldman : at state level , gop has real power , meaning women , minorities , poor suffe .
 at least 40 fighters killed in syrian city of kobani <sec> at least 10 syrian kurdish fighters and 25 isis militants reported killed in clashes in kobani .  five isis suicide bombers blow themselves up near northern syrian city .  west of kobani , isis militants advance with tanks and shellin .
 ebola outbreak kills an american <sec> family : infected american `` very physically weak , but his spirit ( is ) determined '' .  cnn 's gupta : curbing ebola almost `` impossible , '' but it can be contained .  patrick sawyer 's family lives minnesota ; he worked in liberia and died in nigeria .  hundreds have been infected with ebola around afric .
 should you be worried about arsenic in california wine ? <sec> a class-action lawsuit alleges some california wines contain unsafe levels of arsenic .  winemakers respond that their wines are safe and the suit amounts to fearmongering .  arsenic can be dangerous in high concentration .
 report : china building 'airstrip capable ' island <sec> jane 's defence weekly : china building island in the south china sea that could accommodate airstrip . .  waters are bitterly contested by vietnam , philippines and other countries in the region . .  report says land mass is more than 3,000 meters long and a harbor is also being built . .  china says that construction is legitimate , will improve soldiers ' living standards .
 peace talks aim at easing bolivia tension <sec> bolivian leaders plan to hold talks designed to bring peace to country .  four provinces in bolivia have declared autonomy from the central government .  at least 30 people have died in septembe .
 usoc : it 's too late to remake team usa uniforms for london games <sec> the usoc says `` apparel distribution '' for athletes begins this weekend .  the committee says uniforms will be made in america for the 2014 games .  rep. steve israel says he is disappointed the uniforms will not be remade .  ralph lauren promises to lead the industry conversation on american manufacturin .
 'mad men ' : vincent kartheiser on the pete campbell in all of us <sec> vincent kartheiser plays pete campbell , a young go-getter on `` mad men '' .  campbell is slimy and cruel and will step right over you to climb the corporate ladder .  kartheiser : `` i can relate to ... some of the way pete hates himself .
 army : 17 dead after attacking pakistan troops <sec> new : pakistani taliban takes credit for attack .  army spokesman : militants strike government troops in northwest pakistan .  17 suspected militants died , others escape after long battle , spokesman says .  pakistani taliban says it 's joining forces with fellow militant group lashkar-i-isla .
 kris jenner files for divorce from bruce jenner <sec> kris jenner cites `` irreconcilable differences '' with her husband of 23 years in a divorce petition .  she 's asking for joint custody of their only minor child , 17-year-old kylie .  the filing says they separated on june 1 , 201 .
 ukraine to ask hague to probe 'crimes against humanity ' <sec> ukraine 's president says kiev will ask hague tribunal to investigate alleged crimes .  russian foreign minister sergey lavrov blames kiev for civilian deaths in ukraine .  kiev and the u.s. blame pro-russia separatists for shelling that killed civilians last wee .
 25 dead in 5 days of battles in kashmir <sec> new : 25 dead in kashmir gunfights between indian troops , separatist militants .  incident comes after india accuses pakistani troops of firing on indian troops .  kashmir has been in throes of separatist campaign for 20 year .
 new york couple tries to trademark 'occupy wall st . ' <sec> robert maresca wants to use the slogan to sell clothes , stickers and accessories .  an occupy wall street spokesman says effort misses the point of the movement .  maresca says he hopes to transfer trademark ownership to occupy wall street members .  an intellectual property lawyer estimates the application will be reviewed in two to three month .
 nuclear sub commander loses job amid misconduct probe <sec> navy says it has lost confidence in officer 's ability to command .  crew members on sub disciplined for faking inspection records , navy says .  ten people have been relieved of duty ; six received `` nonjudicial punishment .
 pacific northwest heat wave catches many by surprise <sec> cities in washington , oregon hit record highs in the 90s and low 100s .  many do n't have air conditioners in region where temperatures rarely surpass 80s .  because of unusually high humidity , temperatures not dropping in the evenings .  whole foods market stores in portland pass out free wate .
 skijoring ben hur horse racing skiing <sec> skijoring is akin to human chariot racing as horses tow racers on skis behind them .  franco moro has become the master of the sport in st moritz , a historic hub for skijoring .  scott ping nearly lost his life competing in the united states after breaking his nec .
 australia joins eurovision song contest <sec> australia will be `` one-off '' entrant to mark 60 years of eurovision .  song contest has a huge following in australia ; three million people watched last year .  bets being placed as to who will wave the australian flag in austri .
 'killing ... does n't seem to affect him ' : man confesses slayings <sec> a sheriff 's captain says jose martinez admitted to killing an alabama man .  he also said he killed more than 30 men total in his job as a drug trade enforcer .  authorities say at least 13 deaths , 10 in california , have been linked to martinez .  he 's also suspected in a 2006 double homicide in florida , authorities there sa .
 wwf ousts spanish king as honorary president over botswana hunting trip <sec> king juan carlos ' hunting trip sparks an outcry over its extravagance .  animal rights activists join the firestorm after reports emerge that he was hunting elephants .  spain is undergoing an economic crisis .  `` i am very sorry . .  i made a mistake and it wo n't happen again , '' the king say .
 mexico issues hurricane warning as tropical storm arlene approaches <sec> new : mexican authorities issue a hurricane warning with arlene off eastern coast .  new : the storm 's speed has slowed , but it is expected to move faster monday night .  national hurricane center : rains could cause life-threatening flash floods and mudslides .  tropical storm arlene is expected to make landfall early thursda .
 new army technology could save soldiers ' lives <sec> cutting-edge technology on display at u.s. army science convention .  some of greatest minds in science gathered at four-day conference in florida .  regenerative-medicine research could help injured soldiers regrow tissue and bone .  remotely controlled robots could help remove wounded from combat zone .
 editing changes reality in tv show for 'the real housewives of d.c . ' <sec> publicist says d.c. police car was incorrectly edited into tv show .  d.c. police investigate incident depicted on `` real housewives '' episode .  authorities are trying to determine whether salahis got a police escort to a party .  salahis are known as `` white house crashers '' after attending state dinner uninvite .
 3 michigan boys missing after father drops them off to attempt suicide <sec> new : dozens have searched for three missing boys along michigan-ohio border .  an amber alert is out for three boys -- ages 5 , 7 and 9 -- who were last seen friday .  the boy 's father told police he left the boys with a woman he 'd met on the internet .  police still do n't know if the father 's story is true or whether the woman he mentions is rea .
 who : cell phone use can increase possible cancer risk <sec> new : experts say there are ways to minimize cell phone radiation .  it 's in the same `` hazard '' category as lead , engine exhaust and chloroform .  until now , who has said no adverse health effects have been established .  the cell phone industry maintains that there is no conclusive evidence of dange .
 man , 39 , arrested in watercraft accident death of usher 's former stepson <sec> jeffrey simon hubbard , 39 , will appear before a judge this weekend .  he has already been indicted on a charge of homicide by vessel in the first degree .  usher 's former stepson died after a watercraft accident last yea .
 former bartender turns wine into water <sec> doc hendley , a top 10 cnn hero in 2009 , has expanded his wine to water initiative .  his nonprofit has helped provide clean water to people in 17 countries , including syria .  worldwide , at least one in six people does not have access to clean water .  a special documentary , `` wine to water , '' airs december 15 and 22 on cn .
 google to merge user data across its services <sec> google announces changes to its privacy policy .  google will soon create a single profile of the data it has about each user .  the new policy will take effect on march .
 defibrillator champion is saved by one himself <sec> heart association official suffered cardiac arrest in a texas airport .  his life was saved by an automated external defibrillator .  his group pressed to have the aeds place in the airport months earlie .
 7 'tech superheroes ' to watch in 2015 <sec> digital futures presenter shivvy jervis chooses her tech heroes for 2015 .  she predicts these women will change our lives in the next 12 months .  their inventions range from food printers to genetic database .
 the key to fitness ? schedule it in <sec> schedule workouts into your calendar like a meeting with your boss .  prioritizing her responsibilities helped rae timme find time for training .  timme plans to cross the finish line with the rest of the fit nation 6-pack in septembe .
 riding the recession : golf 's success story <sec> european tour season ends this weekend with the big-money race to dubai finale .  chief executive george o'grady hopeful a new deal will extend dubai 's involvement .  the european tour has grown into a worldwide circuit since its birth in 1972 .  o'grady is looking forward to golf 's long-awaited return to the olympics in 201 .
 can syria 's 'lost generation ' be saved ? <sec> by some estimates , 100,000 syrians have had to abandon university .  analysts say education will be the key to rebuilding syria .  students in syria risk harassment , jail time and death to go to school .  a new institution run by academics in exile hopes to save syrians through educatio .
 journalist jailed for criticizing sri lanka 's military <sec> j.s . .  tissainayagam , editor of a monthly magazine , arrested in march 2008 .  printing articles critical of sri lankan military 's treatment of civilians during civil war .  tamil journalist was held without charge for several months .  case drawn international attention to the plight of press freedom in sri lank .
 paul walker fans in fast cars , on foot meet at crash site in his honor <sec> new : a christmas tree now stands where the red 2005 porsche carrera gt burned .  a miles-long line of cars waited to pass the crash site .  fans organized the memorial on facebook and through southern california car clubs .  every day since walker 's death , fans have gathered and left mementos , flower .
 ronaldo and bale among the goals as real madrid win 10-goal thriller <sec> ronaldo hits a hat-trick and bale a double as real madrid beat sevilla 7-3 .  napoli and juventus close the gap on league leaders roma in italy .  monaco suffer first defeat of the season in french league cu .
 police focus on woods , river in search for missing texas teen <sec> hailey dunn , a cheerleader , has been missing since december 27 .  the girl reportedly said she was going to visit her father .  her mother 's boyfriend was the last person to see her alive , according to local report .
 police drummer : band 's friction is a good thing <sec> stewart copeland writes about his life in new book , `` strange things happen '' .  copeland says he and sting get along fine when music is n't involved .  besides , he says , group 's `` sensitive '' songs helped by `` madman '' in trio .  copeland grew up in middle east , says rhythms of region part of his root .
 opinion : in helping young black men , obama helps all <sec> lz granderson : will president obama 's `` my brother 's keeper '' initiative make a difference ? .  he says it will address dangers of dropping out of school , getting in trouble with the law .  the problems of young black males affect all of society economically , granderson says .  he says obama returns to `` change '' theme by addressing his community 's issue .
 11 areas where jobs are increasing <sec> the brookings institute says employment growing in some areas , according to careerbuilder .  metromonitor , a barometer of health of 100 largest u.s. metropolitan economies .  says largest employment growth in mcallen-edinburg-mission , texas .  in second place was new orleans-metairie-kenner , louisian .
 veterans neglected for years in va facility - cnnpolitics.com <sec> va 's acting director says he has ordered review of va 's medical review agency .  office of special counsel sends scathing report on veterans care to white house .  va 's `` approach hides the severity of systemic and longstanding problems , '' agency says .  as part of review , osc looked at whistleblower allegations at 10 va hospitals across the countr .
 healing , answers could be slow in hannah anderson kidnapping <sec> new : `` we might never know some of these answers , '' sheriff says .  16-year-old hannah anderson is reunited with her father after rescue in idaho .  her accused captor fired at least one shot before being killed by authorities , sheriff says .  `` they did n't fit , '' a horseback rider says of seeing hannah , alleged abducto .
 lee kuan yew , singapore 's founding father , dies <sec> lee kuan yew was the founding prime minister of singapore .  president obama called him a `` true giant of history .
 tiger woods : former caddy not racist <sec> tiger woods met with steve williams and the two shook hands .  `` it was a wrong thing to say , '' woods said about williams ' comment .  williams issued an apology shortly after the friday night remark .
 the gambling game : soccer 's battle with betting <sec> latest claims of football gambling put spotlight on english premier league .  former players admit that betting is prevalent and part of team culture .  premier league has yet to indicate that it will take any action .  players ' union says it should address the problem , not the ruling bodie .
 secondhand serenade gets personal <sec> john vesely , better known as secondhand serenade , started as a one-man acoustic act .  he self-produced and recorded three new tracks for this latest album in his bedroom .  vesely says he maintains his connection with fans via social networkin .
