 cnn poll : most in u.s. favor negotiations with iran over nukes <sec> iranian president hassan rouhani speaks friday with u.s. president barack obama .  cnn/orc international survey : only 1 in 5 americans oppose negotiations with tehran .  many in u.s. fear iran intends to develop nuclear weapon .
 greene : billy graham 's other voice <sec> george beverly shea , gospel singer at billy graham crusades , died recently at 104 .  bob greene : regardless of their faith , people knew greatness when they heard shea .  graham was electric on stage , greene says . .  shea was soothing and comforting .  greene : with clear enunciation , dignified presence , he showed respect for his audienc .
 police : miley cyrus ' home apparently burglarized <sec> burglars break in to a home in studio city , california , police say .  the home is apparently that of singer miley cyrus .  police say no suspects were seen , there 's no sign of forced entr .
 obama , gore , stop whining about right-wing media <sec> al gore says right-wing media help account for resistance to democrats ' policies .  president barack obama said media coverage could determine future of bipartisanship .  howard kurtz : fox news , rush limbaugh have influence , but white house has bigger voice .  he says conservative media gained support because of belief established media leaned lef .
 obama win sparks celebrations outside white house <sec> hundreds gather outside white house to celebrate obama 's victory .  oprah winfrey in chicago : `` it feels like america did the right thing . '' .  more than 200,000 gather in chicago to hear obama claim victory .  hillary rodham clinton hails `` historic victory for the american people .
 be of good cheer : compromise settles school district short-skirt flap <sec> a compromise allows cheerleader outfits in a pinellas county , florida , high school .  the district bans too-short cheerleader skirts during classroom hours .  a cheerleader 's mother says the ban was `` almost un-american .
 ian poulter : from rag trade to golf riches <sec> ian poulter has played on the european & pga tours .  the briton is well-known for his colorful on-course attire .  poulter owns his own clothing range ijp design .  his first job was on a market stall when he was aged just 1 .
 3 issues that have chilled u.s.-russia ties <sec> presidents obama and putin have been at odds all year .  russia angered obama when it gave temporary asylum to edward snowden .  putin signed an anti-gay propaganda law that offended obama .  obama asserts syria uses chemical weapons , but putin wants proo .
 british airways buys french all-business carrier <sec> british airways has bought french all-business carrier l'avion for £54 million .  the airline will be integrated into its e.u.-u.s. openskies subsidiary .  if approved , full integration is expected in early 200 .
 cnn student news : daily discussion <sec> use these questions to help students understand today 's featured news stories .  today 's daily discussion includes the media literacy question of the da .
 flying colors : the importance of airline liveries <sec> consolidation of airlines has led to name and logo changes .  american airlines latest of established airlines to repaint its fleet .  airlines must choose carefully which parts of merged brands to hold on to .  750 liters of paint needed to respray a boeing 77 .
 tiger celebrates arrival of son charlie <sec> world number one golfer tiger woods has become a dad for the second time .  wife elin gave birth to boy , charlie axel , on sunday woods says on web site .  arrival of charlie axel comes as woods prepares for tour return after surger .
 future ever more fragile for disfigured haitian girl <sec> doctors removed massive growth from haitian teen 's face several years ago .  haitian children with chronic health issues threatened by weak health care system .  `` it is hell , '' nurse says . .  `` all i can tell you , this is no life .
 middle east 's first women 's museum lifts lid on rich history <sec> rafia ghubash spent five years working on middle east 's first women 's museum .  our grandmothers ' achievements are greater than recognized , she says .  ghubash is former president of arabian gulf universit .
 can musharraf save u.s from liability for drones in pakistan ? <sec> pakistan 's former president pervez musharraf recently returned from exile .  said u.s. given permission to launch drone strikes on 'very few ' occasions .  akbar : musharraf will be looking to win support from washington once more .  but the former military chief is barred from standing in may 11 electio .
 anwar : malaysian reformer emerges after a decade in court <sec> anwar has spent more than a decade fighting sodomy charges .  the one-time student activist was once mahathir 's right-hand man .  the opposition leader dented the ruling party 's majority at elections in 2008 .  anwar has led a reform movement that has targeted social and political refor .
 ex-student sold gun used in philadelphia school shooting , police say <sec> donte walker , 18 , is accused of selling the gun used in a school shooting .  walker , a graduate of delaware valley charter school , did not pass metal detectors .  he is charged with violating a state firearms law , conspiracy and other offense .
 first on cnn : army says word 'negro ' ok to use <sec> regulation says `` negro '' ok to describe `` black or african american '' .  it 's unclear when the word was added .  army official says the regulation will be reviewe .
 police : two men arrested in deaths of honduran beauty queen , her sister <sec> more are believed to be involved in sisters ' deaths , police tell cnn affiliate .  one of those arrested is beauty queen 's sister 's boyfriend , family tell police .  the boyfriend had the most contact with the two sisters , police say .  maría josé alvarado muñoz was set to head to london to participate in the pagean .
 sotomayor takes oath , becomes supreme court justice <sec> new : sonia sotomayor 's mother , celina , holds bible for ceremony .  new : sotomayor makes no remarks , shares hugs with loved ones .  new justice becomes first hispanic to serve on supreme court , third woman .  sotomayor will start work in september to hear challenge to campaign finance bil .
 oscar pistorius defense attorney quizzes neighbor over screams <sec> new : second witness says she was awoken by shouting .  new : husband of first witness also takes the stand tuesday .  pistorius shot and killed reeva steenkamp at his pretoria home last year .  the double-amputee paralympic and olympic sprinter says he mistook her for a burgla .
 gay , lesbian groups criticize kenyan leader 's remarks <sec> prime minister says gays , lesbians to be arrested .  activist : `` gay community is very scared '' .  odinga made remarks at nairobi rally .  homosexuality is a crime in kenya carrying a 14-year jail ter .
 ucla flood : 'substantial ' damage at campus <sec> ucla says 960 vehicles stranded in underground parking garages .  authorities estimate 20 million gallons of water spilled .  several inches of water covered the court at pauley pavilion .  california had just passed statewide watering restrictions due to drough .
 administration says it will conduct case-by-case review on deportation <sec> new : fair denounces policy change as `` administrative amnesty '' .  almost 80 % of deportations involve people without a criminal record , an official says .  low-priority cases will be determined through specific criteria .  napolitano says the new policy wo n't negate the need for reforming immigration law .
 suarez rescues draw for uruguay , chile recover to win <sec> luis suarez rescues a point for uruguay in their copa america opener against peru .  paolo guerrero had given peru the lead after 23 minutes .  chile came from behind to defeat gold cup winners mexico 2- .
 six-trophy barca in mood to celebrate <sec> barcelona celebrate 2009 success with six-trophy parade before home clash with villarreal .  barca remain on course to repeat success as they head spanish league by two points from real madrid .  real madrid resume their la liga campaign away to osasuna on sunda .
 has china ruined its oscar chances with criticism of christian bale ? <sec> christian bale plays a pseudo american priest in his new movie `` flowers of war '' .  the movie is nominated for an oscar in the best foreign film category .  bale engaged in a scuffle while filming and he is now at odds with the chinese government .  china has never won a trophy and now has less chances of winning an oscar this yea .
 opinion : are we sharing too much online ? <sec> dean obeidallah : social media evolved from sharing trivial matters to more personal ones .  hannah anderson answered personal questions about her abduction .  npr host scott simon tweeted from his dying mother 's hospital room .  obeidallah : sharing more is a good thing , if it helps bring comfort to those who suffe .
 sikh farmer on hunger strike in india for prisoners ' release <sec> gurbaksh singh khalsa has been on a hunger strike for more than a month .  he is demanding the freedom of a group of sikh separatists .  both sides in the conflict during the 1980s and 1990s committed violations .  but some argue that the justice system has been harsher on the sikh .
 methane discovery could mean life on mars <sec> new finding reveals the first detection of methane in the atmosphere of mars .  methane could have come from past or present geological or biological activity .  methane is the main component of natural gas on earth .  nasa 's next mission to the planet is the mars science laboratory in 201 .
 'friendly fire ' kills 5 u.s. service members in afghanistan <sec> new : `` friendly fire from the air '' is suspected cause of deaths , pentagon says .  the incident also killed an afghan soldier .  more than 2,300 u.s. troops have died in afghanistan .  since the afghan war began in 2001 , there have been numerous `` friendly fire '' fatalitie .
 many in congress avoiding health care exchanges <sec> members of congress will select their health care coverage starting this week .  most say they will participate in obamacare exchanges .  but many will opt out in favor of private plans or other option .
 benghazi hearing : u.s. military assets were told to stand down <sec> former u.s. official in libya wonders why no plane was sent during the benghazi attacks .  the official , greg hicks , and others will testify before a house committee wednesday .  planes at a base in italy would not have made it for hours , top officials have said .  hicks ' comments come from a transcript of his interview with investigators in apri .
 experts : senator 's form of dementia usually forces people off jobs <sec> experts : most patients with frontotemporal lobar degeneration must stop working .  ftld affects parts of brain that govern judgment , complex decision-making .  senator 's doctor said to be comfortable with decision to finish ter .
 mexican folk star vicente fernandez to have biopsy <sec> vicente fernandez is considered mexico 's most famous living singer .  doctors found a `` ball '' in his liver , he said .  he will undergo a biopsy in houston on tuesda .
 westwood and mickelson stalk tiger <sec> phil mickelson and lee westwood hoping to take tiger woods ' no . .  1 ranking .  woods has been at the summit for 270 consecutive weeks , and 612 overall .  no . .  2 mickelson can surpass woods if he wins or finishes in top four and compatriot 38th .  westwood needs to win and have woods finish outside the top two at fireston .
 cdc : man died of rabies from kidney transplant <sec> a maryland man who received a tainted organ in 2011 died last month .  officials determined the organ donor had rabies .  three other people in florida , georgia and illinois are receiving anti-rabies shot .
 al fayed to sell iconic london department store harrods <sec> harrods was founded by london grocer charles henry harrod in 1849 .  mohamed al fayed took over the store in the 1980s as part of house of fraser group .  the sunday times rich list put al fayed 's personal fortune at $ 962 million .  in 2005 al fayed unveiled a bronze statue inside the store featuring princess diana and his son dodi faye .
 romney , a subdued pilgrim , walks a wary line in jerusalem <sec> romney visited israel as part of three country tour that also includes britain and poland .  romney fundraiser attended by american tycoon sheldon adelson .  burston : neither romney nor obama seem to generate much enthusias .
 angry dsk touts his wasted talents , but is anyone still listening ? <sec> dominique strauss-kahn gives first english-language interview since arrest , on cnn .  dsk says he still feels `` very angry '' at u.s. justice system for having paraded him .  hard to feel sorry for him , agnes poirier says , after his admission he attended orgies .  french know of his skills , poirier argues ; they just did n't want to hear him anymor .
 syria diplomacy : why jordan wants military meeting to be hush-hush <sec> a meeting of international military chiefs is taking place in jordan to discuss syria .  jordan is an ally of the west but stability is being threatened by a growing divide between rich and poor .  amman , a 90-minute drive from amman , is within striking range for syrian weapons .  jordan does not want to be seen to be facilitating strikes on syria , says nic robertso .
 english premier league : manchester city trip up at west ham <sec> man city slump to second league defeat of epl season .  senegalese striker diafra sakho nets for sixth consecutive game to down blues .  leaders chelsea can extend gap over city to eight points with win against man ut .
 uganda prepares for safe repatriation of congolese refugees <sec> `` we are stepping up efforts to ensure orderly repatriation of refugees , '' says ugandan minister .  at least 108 people died saturday when an overloaded boat capsized .  most of its passengers were congolese refugee .
 world 's most beautiful bank buildings <sec> bank of america tower was officially the second-tallest building in new york until one world trade center topped out in may 2013 .  bank of china tower inspired by the shape of a bamboo stalk .  islamic development bank has narrow window slits to block sunlight while central patios are covered in glass to let in natural ligh .
 veteran materazzi handed new inter deal <sec> marco materazzi handed new three-year contract by italian champions .  the 35-year-old defender now tied to inter milan until the summer of 2012 .  the center-back 's existing deal was due to expire in a year 's time .  inter complete signing of brazilian midfielder thiago motta from geno .
 justin bieber cleared in robbery , but egging charge nears <sec> new : city attorney cites `` lack of evidence '' for a misdemeanor robbery charge .  investigators want bieber to be charged with felony vandalism for the january incident .  bieber 's ex-neighbors accuse the singer of tossing eggs from his yard onto their home .  bieber 's lawyer calls it `` a silly prank .
 journalists dismayed by al jazeera convictions <sec> new : president abdel fattah el-sisi says he will not interfere in the case .  three al jazeera english journalists convicted , sentenced in egypt .  british news anchor says it 's a `` depressing day for freedom of speech '' .  al jazeera english 's managing director says verdict `` defies logic , sense .
 boston marathon 2014 winner : meb keflezighi of the united states <sec> american meb keflezighi 's unofficial time is 2:08:37 , race 's facebook page says .  kenya 's rita jeptoo , 33 , wins women 's division in 2:18:57 , race says via twitter .  three people died in the 2013 blasts and more than 260 were wounde .
 'the price is right ' launches first search for a male model <sec> `` the price is right '' is holding a contest to find its first male model .  the prizes have almost always been displayed by female models on the show .  viewers will pick the winner by voting online through october 4 at priceisright.co .
 iraqi sculptor recounts `` golden '' age for art under saddam <sec> under saddam hussein 's regime , natiq al alousi was commissioned to create works depicting the dictator .  al alousi , a sculptor , says artists received much support from saddam .  he says working for saddam was only a `` fact of history '' and does not regret i .
 turkey launches more strikes on kurdish rebels in iraq <sec> turkish military bombs kurdistan workers party positions in iraq 's duhuk province .  no casualties reported in second turkish incursion into pkk territory this weekend .  strikes follow clashes last weekend that killed 15 turkish troops in border region .  iraqi government , united states , european union consider pkk a terrorist grou .
 10 things you did n't know about mexico city <sec> mexico city 's metro area is one of the world 's largest , with more than 20 million people .  the huge population makes for interesting record-setting .  there 's still smog and crime , but it 's not as bad as you thin .
 world cup : di maria strikes late to break swiss hearts <sec> angel di maria strikes deep in extra time as argentina defeat switzerland 1-0 .  the real madrid star scores from lionel messi 's cute through ball .  argentina were far from their best but continue to march on in brazil .  they will meet the united states or brazil in the quarterfina .
 hardcore new jersey surfer and survivor <sec> dean randazzo surfed year around off the new jersey shore until he went pro .  there were times on pro-tour when he says `` i was n't eating if i did n't win money '' .  randazzo also fought and won four battles against cancer .  surfing documentary `` dark fall '' shows freezing weather does n't keep surfers off the wate .
 turbulence injures passengers on american flight <sec> american flight 280 was heading from seoul to dallas/fort worth .  turbulence caused injuries and forced the plane to divert .  the aircraft made an emergency landing in japa .
 pay student athletes minimum wage , player 's suit says <sec> university of houston student notes those who work at games are paid .  she says students who are playing the games should get paid , too .  hers is the latest pay-for-play lawsuit now before federal court .
 they 're rapping for a hip hop diploma <sec> mcnally smith college of music offers the first college diploma in hip hop .  students learn about hip hop history as well as hands-on music classes .  hip hop artists such as toki wright and dj freddy fresh are among instructor .
 'goober pyle ' actor george lindsey dies <sec> new : george lindsey 's funeral is set for friday and burial on saturday .  lindsey joined the hit sitcom `` the andy griffith show '' in 1964 .  lindsey continued as goober on the sequel series `` mayberry r.f.d . '' .  for three years .  he embraced the goober character for another 20 years on tv 's `` hee haw .
 what anita hill did for america <sec> marcia greenberger says virginia thomas ' call for anita hill apology recalls 1991 hearings .  back then , she says , women kept sexual harassment to themselves .  hill 's testimony , before an all-male senate panel , pulled back the curtain on the issue .  writer : thomas was confirmed , and the `` year of the woman '' ensue .
 eboue leaves arsenal for galatasaray <sec> emmanuel eboue has joined turkish side galatasaray from arsenal .  eboue 's departure comes just one day after cesc fabregas joined barcelona .  robin van persie will take over from fabregas as arsenal captain .  porto agree to sign steven defour and eliaquim mangala from standard lieg .
 foreign governments , businesses begin evacuations from egypt <sec> new : u.s. state department offers 24-7 call center to provide info .  u.s. tourists in luxor `` safe but trapped '' .  u.s. state department allows dependents of embassy workers to leav .
 firefighters gain ground against southern california wildfire <sec> new : other fires burn in new mexico and colorado .  new : residents of two communities are allowed to return home .  new : the powerhouse fire is about 60 % contained .  it has destroyed some six homes and threatened up to 1,00 .
 alligator tries to drag 90-year-old woman into a florida canal <sec> the woman , who has lost pets to alligators before , lives near the everglades .  her left leg was amputated below the knee , ferraro says .  a man shot the gator between the eye .
 singer andy williams has cancer <sec> new : williams says he is undergoing treatment for bladder cancer .  the singer founded his own theater in 1992 .  williams started singing with his brothers at churc .
