 nazi war crimes suspect arrested in hungary <sec> laszlo csizsik-csatary tops the simon wiesenthal center 's list of most-wanted nazis .  center says he participated in sending 15,700 jews to auschwitz in spring 1944 .  csizsik-csatary denied the allegations to british tabloid the sun .  the center says eyewitnesses on three continents describe acts of cruelt .
 u.s. planes ferry more people fleeing libya out of tunisia <sec> many countries have well-organized evacuation operations .  but some nationals , such as bangladeshis , have been forced to fend for themselves .  the british government says it will repatriate 500 bangladeshis .  ministry : three people die and 14 are missing from a ship headed to crete from tripol .
 learn to use your intuition <sec> after hitting her head in a car accident , susan king suddenly had a sense of intuitive power .  intuition is knowing without knowing .  people had a better sense of intuition before technology , king say .
 30 jobs that pay $ 80,000 <sec> bureau of labor statistics 2008 report lists dozens of jobs paying at least $ 80,000 .  physics and post-secondary biology teachers can earn as much as $ 81,880 .  sales engineers get paid the most on the list , at $ 89,77 .
 mozilla to launch mobile phones with firefox <sec> mozilla to introduce mobile phones with its firefox open-source operating system .  the handset and system will compete with apple , google on apps , senior official says .  the phones , from four manufacturers , will be available in nine countries starting in jul .
 khloe kardashian , new husband nesting <sec> khloe kardashian and husband lamar odom have purchased a home .  the seven-bedroom , nine-bathroom mansion cost nearly $ 4 million .  finding a home was one of the stipulations kardashian had before starting a famil .
 seems like the whole world is 'happy ' <sec> fans across the world seem to be in love with the infectious `` happy '' .  the song has shot to no . .  1 in more than a dozen countries .  pharrell says he is overwhelmed by the reactio .
 fact check : job creation versus unemployment <sec> president barack obama says he created 5 million jobs .  mitt romney says 23 million people are out of work in the nation .  employment figures could prove key to this rac .
 champions chat : sampras talks tennis <sec> pete sampras : u.s. can not expect to dominate men 's tennis anymore .  american legend talks to cnn 's open court show about his glittering career .  nine years after retiring from top level , he discusses his career highs and lows .  the 40-year-old is now focused on his family , having two sons with actress wif .
 ethics panel charges rangel with conduct discrediting the house <sec> new : rangel offers his first response to the charges made public thursday .  new : rangel says he may have been overzealous but was serving his country .  the house ethics committee charges rangel with 13 violations .  charges described alleged influence-peddling for donations to a college center in his nam .
 gulf coast beaches update <sec> all of florida 's beaches are open , including tourist hot spots panama city and pensacola .  swimming , fishing not advised in waters from florida-alabama line to perdido key .  health officials have issued advisory against swimming in alabama gulf waters .  oil affecting more than 45 miles of louisiana coast , but most of its coast is unaffecte .
 congolese protesters rally in u.s. capital <sec> protesters want president obama to `` help restore the leadership the congo needs '' .  president kabila was inaugurated in december after a contested election .  security forces have killed more than 24 people since the result , a rights group say .
 mother in toddler 's hot car death wants privacy <sec> new : media focus has `` fostered a poisonous atmosphere '' for leanna harris , her lawyer says .  she is `` living every parent 's nightmare , '' the attorney says .  her husband is charged in the death of their toddler son ; he has pleaded not guilty .  the child died after being left in a hot car last mont .
 at least 11 killed in indian train derailment <sec> more than 25 people are injured , nine of them critically , an official says .  the train derailed early friday in southern india 's karnataka stat .
 as senate vet dole celebrates 90th birthday , he laments tone in washington <sec> dole says that in his time , lawmakers were able to work out their differences .  1996 gop presidential candidate says neither party is looking for middle ground now .  dole blames republicans and democrats equally for a lack of trust .  old friends and staff members will gather tuesday for a birthday celebratio .
 al qaeda 'disowns ' affiliate , blaming it for disaster in syria <sec> islamic state in iraq and the levant has been fighting other islamist groups .  statement on jihadist forums blames group for `` enormity of the disaster '' .  observers say infighting has played into al-assad regime 's hand .
 u.s. rugby coach proud after beating russia 's bears <sec> the u.s. beat russia 13-6 to win their first match of the rugby world cup .  the match in new plymouth was russia 's first at a world cup .  a converted try from scrumhalf mike petri proves the difference between the teams .  the americans next face australia , while russia take on ital .
 bodies of 4 americans killed in libya returned to u.s . <sec> `` there 's no doubt these are difficult days , '' president says .  but `` the united states of america will never retreat from the world , '' obama adds .  prime minister says evidence for arrests is based on photos around compound , witnesses .  an aide says those arrested are not directly tied to the attack .
 syrian president urges new cabinet to lift state of emergency <sec> new : the president expresses sadness for protesters ' deaths .  new : residents rally in daraa for more reforms .  new : al-assad addresses government corruption and unemployment .  a new cabinet was sworn in saturda .
 university president 's wife 'sickened ' by allegations <sec> suit filed by three profs who say oral roberts university fired them unfairly .  lindsay roberts says charges sicken her , and she 's never had extramarital sex .  suit also claims university gave a convicted sex offender access to students .  university denies that , also denies shredding evidenc .
 remains of u.s. airman missing since 1943 identified <sec> army air forces 2nd lt. martin p. murray will be buried saturday .  the remains were found at a crash site in papua new guine .
 bipartisan bill would punish gun trafficking - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the law should stop mexican drug cartels from easily obtaining u.s. firearms .  new law will punish those who buy guns and ammo for others .  it stiffens penalties for gun smuggling .  if caught , violators could face 10 years in jail and a $ 250,000 fin .
 north korea through the keyhole <sec> cnn 's ivan watson took a five-day trip to north korea 's capital , pyongyang .  media were invited to see 60th anniversary celebrations marking korean war armistice .  watson says the visit was `` the most strictly controlled foreign assignment '' of his career .  it was like `` peering through a keyhole , left to guess at the hidden world on the other side , '' he write .
 14 unexpected hotel perks across latin america <sec> from warrior dogs to worry dolls , these hotels deliver unique extras .  chile 's hotel de larache has its own observatory , with a powerful , advanced-optics meade telescope .  the hard rock hotel panama megapolis provides guests with a fender guitar and am .
 point/counterpoint : examining key themes from putin 's opinion piece <sec> russian president makes appeal to american people in new york times .  he says poison gas was probably used by opposition , not syrian army .  but u.s. , britain say evidence is clear that al-assad forces were behind attack .  russia has itself referred to uniqueness of the russian natio .
 jersey floods leave rail cars floating , homes in road <sec> new : president obama is set to tour damaged areas of new jersey on wednesday .  new : houses end up in the middle of highway ; rail cars float on turnpike .  new : some flood victims were barefoot ; mothers carried diaper bags and babies as they fled .  the affected area is in bergen county near new york cit .
 what to do when your favorite site closes <sec> popular or not , no site 's future is guaranteed on the web .  blogging platform posterous was shut down for good this week by new owner twitter .  make sure to transfer data , get contact information for online friends .  look for an alternative in a site that is both profitable and growin .
 ghana 's bamboo bicycle boom <sec> the bamboo bicycle is increasing in popularity across ghana and africa .  boomers international is a social enterprise creating bespoke bicycles whilst reducing youth unemployment .  the bamboo bicycles are uniquely designed to each customer meaning there is no replica anywhere in the world .  the company hope to expand to furniture , household items and houses made of bambo .
 what 's new at hotels on the slopes <sec> new hotels and lodging revamps are welcoming skiers this season .  the hotel jerome in aspen , colorado , reopens in mid-december .  stay in an old rail car at the izaak walton inn near glacier national par .
 saudi arabia executes second indonesian maid <sec> indonesia protests executions , says did n't receive formal warnings .  both women had worked as domestic helpers in saudi arabia before being convicted of murde .
 best of quest <sec> `` best of quest '' revisits some of the highlights of the show during 2007 .  quest learned to dance with patrick swayze , learned to rock with nikki sixx .  quest tackled the plight of the environment , met peacemakers gorbachev , carter .  travels also gave quest a taste for adventure as he tackled a himalayan summi .
 college perks that might make you jealous <sec> some colleges have come up with unique perks to lure students .  students at davidson college can do their laundry for free .  free computers and theater tickets are given out at some colleges .  ohio university offers discount personalized birthday cake .
 commentary : rep 's wife says she keeps a sense of humor <sec> rep. chaffetz 's wife , julie , is raising three children ; writes `` perspective is everything '' .  `` planning is crucial . '' .  julie used to go with the flow , but `` now , time is precious '' .  julie chaffetz says support from family and close friends keeps her going .  says being flexible important as plans change or the need to travel comes u .
 police probing whether concrete-encased body is former florida reporter <sec> former florida reporter , sean dugas , 30 , goes missing august 27 .  a buried body encased in concrete is found monday in a georgia backyard .  twin brothers , 31 , are being held on an accusation of concealing a death , police say .  police : brothers earlier told their father they used his backyard to bury the missing man 's do .
 namibia country profile : moving on from a difficult past <sec> namibia is over twice the size of germany and the driest country in sub-saharan africa .  colonized by germany and later ruled by apartheid-era south africa .  independence came in 1990 after 22 years of war .  stark beauty of landscape and deserts matched by challenges to improve economy and lives of namibian .
 why black voters did n't help gop win ( opinion ) <sec> dorothy brown : did voters ' apparent rebuke of dems extend to blacks support ? .  she says blacks still fair poorly on employment , wealth , but they still back obama over gop .  she says they identify with what he 's faced : disrespect , blame , stonewalling .  brown : blacks reject gop 's stance toward them . .  but dems should worry about 201 .
 dea : bust rids puerto rico of 'most hard-core ' traffickers <sec> biggest drug trafficking arrest-operation ever conducted on puerto rico , officials say .  more than 500 u.s. drug agents and puerto rican police were involved .  158 people are indicted on drug- and gun-related charges .  if convicted , defendants would face up to life in prison , $ 4 million in fine .
 mary robinson : finally , britain and ireland are reconciled <sec> michael d. higgins makes state visit to britain this week , first ever by irish president .  understandable anticipation on both sides of the irish sea , says former president mary robinson .  robinson : visit means full normalization of relations between two close and historic neighbor .
 2010 champion andy schleck out of this year 's tour de france <sec> andy schleck pulls out of this year 's tour de france through injuruy .  luxembourg 's schleck injured in a crash in a warm-up race .  radioshack rider awarded 2010 race after alberto contador disqualified .  david millar named in british squad for olympic road rac .
 colorado voters talk about partisanship <sec> ireporter jesse fraunfelder angry with both parties for what he calls `` political stunts '' .  expert : u.s. house set records for the amount and intensity of partisan votes last year .  aurora , colorado , is in arapahoe county , voted 56 % obama , 43 % mccain in 2008 .  follow cnn radio 's embed america trip on our ma .
 iran : israeli operatives arrested <sec> nuclear talks with iran are scheduled to resume saturday .  israel and iran are believed to be engaged in a shadow war .  the israeli prime minister 's office had no official comment on the iranian claim .
 women get more winter games entries ; ioc to draw up gender rules <sec> the ioc announces that six events will be added to 2014 winter olympics .  more women athletes will have the chance to compete at sochi in russia .  ioc is drawing up rules to prevent repeat of caster semenya gender controversy .  its executive board is meeting in london and hopes to have rules in place for 201 .
 dozens feared dead in india mudslide <sec> three hamlets affected by recent mudslide in india .  at least 43 people are feared dead .  millions in india have been affected by floods since june , officials sa .
 cnn student news transcript : september 7 , 2010 <sec> hear why the subject of jobs is a top priority in washington .  learn about natural disasters in new zealand and guatemala .  consider whether an anti-loitering technology targets teens .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 why blacks voters reject romney <sec> nbc/wall street journal poll found black support at 0 % for mitt romney .  sherrilyn ifill : black voters see gop treatment of obama as an assault on racial dignity .  ifill : tipping point was a gop lawmaker heckling the president during a televised speech .  the upshot could be a more covertly racial gop campaign to gain white male voters , she say .
 thailand wakes to military rule : what it means <sec> thai military says it 's imposition of martial law is not a coup d'etat .  declaration made on army at 3 a.m. local time to cause `` minimum fuss '' .  army chief says the move was necessary to restore law and order .  commentators watching and waiting for military 's next mov .
 computer glitch voids green card lottery results <sec> millions apply for 50,000 permanent visas issued a year .  `` we regret any inconvenience this might have caused , '' state department says .  results from a new lottery will be announced in jul .
 lawmaker takes sledgehammer to hawaii homeless ' carts <sec> lawmaker tom brower took a sledgehammer to abandoned shopping carts .  he compared it to `` community cleanup '' .  hawaii 's homeless coordinator called it `` vigilante justice '' .  hawaii has the highest per capita rate of homelessness after washington , d.c .
 tiger woods rues 'rough day ' at memorial <sec> tiger woods struggles with seven-over-par 79 at pga tour 's memorial tournament .  world 's top golfer is 24 shots off the lead following a difficult third round .  he posts the worst opening nine-hole score of his professional career .  second-ranked rory mcilroy also down the field after just making the cu .
 contador claims third tour de france title as cavendish wins finale <sec> spanish cyclist alberto contador wins tour de france for the third time in four years .  astana rider enjoys customary winner 's cruise into paris on sunday with 39-second lead .  british rider mark cavendish wins final stage for the second year in a row .  stage was delayed as lance armstrong 's team had to change out of special jersey .
 israel denies apartheid south africa nuke talks <sec> paper claims defense ministers discussed nuclear weapons deal in 1975 .  israel says it has `` never negotiated '' nuclear weapons sales with south africa .  uk 's guardian says documents are first written proof that israel has nuclear weapon .
 supreme court : dna swab after arrest is legitimate search <sec> in a 5-4 decision , the high court likens taking a dna sample to fingerprinting an arrestee .  in dissent , justice antonin scalia says the ruling establishes a `` terrifying principle '' .  civil liberties groups worry about errors by overwhelmed lab technician .
 ex-rutgers student convicted of bullying gay roommate starts jail term <sec> new : dharun ravi reports to a new jersey jail .  ravi 's court appearance wednesday formalizes his decision to head to jail .  he waives his right not to serve jail time twice for the same crime as prosecutors appeal .  attorney says ravi intends to begin community service after he serves his sentenc .
 gay men attacked , executed in iraq , rights group says <sec> human rights watch says people are targeted on the streets and interrogated .  group : killings , kidnappings and torture of suspected homosexuals are escalating .  attacks against civilians , including homosexuals , not allowed , iraq spokesman say .
 boehner 's lawsuit short on details , supporters <sec> house speaker john boehner is being criticized for his proposal to sue the president .  conservative critics say a lawsuit is a political stunt in an election year .  critics on the left agree .  the terms of a suit are still vague and unclear , even to boehne .
 nobel recognizes risks faced by weapons inspectors <sec> nobel peace prize goes to organisation for the prohibition of chemical weapons .  award recognizes dangers and difficulties that body faces -- not because of syria .  u.n. chief says mission in syria is `` an operation that has never been tried before '' .  opcw has since '97 sought to implement ban on production , storage of chemical weapon .
 amorous new yorkers seeking 'blizzard buddies ' <sec> with storm coming , new yorkers place online ads seeking `` blizzard buddies '' .  ads promise snuggling , booze , netflix , while some imply se .
 mom identifies missing teen on surveillance video <sec> mom confirms that her daughter is the girl seen in a hotel surveillance video .  brittanee drexel , 17 , was last seen saturday in myrtle beach , south carolina .  dawn drexel tells cnn she forbade daughter to go to resort city during spring break .  mom has arrived in myrtle beach to assist police in search for her daughter .
 opinion : give dennis rodman a break <sec> on cnn , dennis rodman defended his visit to north korea , saying it 's a good idea .  andray abrahamian : visit puts rodman in the spotlight and is good pr for kim jong un .  he says this kind of engagement can not always be seen as reward for a naughty regime .  abrahamian : while this trip feels like a gift for regime , it may pave way for future diplomac .
 corinthians end al-ahly 's cwc run <sec> corinthians beat al-ahly 1-0 in fifa world club cup semifinal .  victory in toyota puts the south american champions into sunday 's final .  egypt 's al-ahly reached the competition despite domestic competition being suspended .  corinthians will play chelsea or monterrey in sunday 's fina .
 dream deflated : man ends quest to cross atlantic with helium balloons <sec> new : a canadian team has begun searching for cluster balloonist jonathan trappe .  trappe aimed to cross the atlantic ocean suspended from 370 helium-filled balloons .  he was just 12 hours and about 470 miles into the journey , his facebook page says .  he touched down in darkness near a provincial park in the newfoundland wildernes .
 boeing 's new 747-8 intercontinental : same same , but different <sec> 747-8 intercontinental is latest version of the iconic 747 jumbo jet .  only five are in operation at the moment , all operated by lufthansa .  the 747-8 is the longest commercial aircraft in the worl .
 3-year-old critically wounded in chicago shooting <sec> new : a 3-year-old boy is in critical condition after being shot outside a chicago home .  new : he was with his mother and another man in the brighton park neighborhood .  new : police are investigating whether the shooting was gang-related .  a 12-year-old boy was killed and 6 people wounded in a shooting frida .
 clinton : wright would not have been my pastor <sec> `` you choose what church you want to attend , '' sen. hillary clinton tells newspaper .  sen. barack obama has denounced some of his former minister 's sermons .  obama campaign : clinton trying to distract attention from bosnia trip comments .  sermons included several racially charged remark .
