 court orders texas killer 's execution postponed <sec> scott panetti shot to death his mother- and father-in law .  he represented himself at trial , dressed like a cowboy , called jesus to the stand .  lawyers and many mental health experts say he is mentally ill , should n't be execute .
 report : rebels cleared in plane crash that sparked rwandan genocide <sec> the crash killed the then-presidents of rwanda and burundi .  it sparked a wave of mass killings in rwanda ; some 800,000 died .  the downing of the plane was a hutu coup d'etat , foreign minister say .
 mother who lost one son fights for other to get new lungs <sec> first on cnn : mother of sick boy speaks out .  a judge says her son , 11 , should be eligible for adult lungs .  milagros martinez feels a sense of `` triumph '' .  ruling comes a day after a similar ruling for 10-year-old sarah murnagha .
 bulgarian bus attack is work of suicide bomber , minister says <sec> new : `` we do n't know '' who is responsible , bulgaria 's u.n. representative says .  israel 's pm netanyahu blasts iran and hezbollah , saying they are behind the attack .  iran 's foreign ministry spokesman calls assertions of iranian involvement baseles .
 teen plane crash survivor 'did n't feel a thing ' <sec> teenager recovers in hospital after surviving plane crash off comoros islands .  13-year-old , who lives in marseille , france , escaped without serious injuries .  girl was spotted in rough sea among bodies and plane debris in darknes .
 chicken still on menu , who tells china as bird flu spreads <sec> new : who confirms start of international investigation into bird flu in china .  h7n9 virus has infected 87 people since march .  six people have recovered , 17 have died .  experts investigating possible human-to-human transmissio .
 tom hanks : 'there are a lot of people who have binders full of women ' <sec> hanks is appearing in the new film `` cloud atlas '' .  he says he does n't think the debates will determine upcoming election .  hanks said he viewed the debates as like tv show .
 senior guardsman removed over sex assault allegations <sec> the louisiana national guard is investigating a sexual assault allegation .  the guard 's top enlisted soldier is removed from active duty .  a member of the national guard made the allegations against the sergeant major .  the case comes as the military faces pressure to crack down on sexual assaul .
 klitschko dominates haye in heavyweight showdown <sec> wladimir klitschko beats david haye in the world heavyweight title unification bout .  ukrainian giant now holds ibf , wbo and wba versions of the title .  klitschko 's brother vitali is the wbc champion , but they have said they will not figh .
 voluntary recall for another compounding facility <sec> fda issues voluntary recall for all products made by specialty compounding llc .  15 people are hospitalized after getting calcium gluconate infusions .  a federal investigation found serious lack of oversight of compounding facilitie .
 huge death toll doubles in yemen 'slaughter ' <sec> new : 184 soldiers were killed in the sunday attack , yemeni officials say .  new : a yemeni government spokesman in washington gives a much lower death toll .  42 militants have been killed in air raids , according to yemeni officials .  the militants were with ansar al-sharia , which is allied with al qaeda in the arabian peninsul .
 timeline of events in trayvon martin case <sec> teenager trayvon martin was shot and killed on february 26 .  george zimmerman told police he shot martin in self-defens .
 police : drinking man brought zebra , parrot along for ride <sec> police in dubuque , iowa , say they found a zebra and a parrot in vehicle .  john reiter is charged with operating a vehicle while intoxicated .  his girlfriend , vicky teters , says of the animals : `` we treat them like our kids .
 nibali 's in yellow after stage win : cavendish pulls out <sec> vincenzo nibali goes into yellow after second stage win .  italian champion makes daring late move to finish in sheffield .  mark cavendish pulls out of tour de france .  suffered shoulder injury in first stage crash in harrogat .
 russia : we wo n't back a foreign force in syria <sec> new : an opposition group reports 96 people killed across syria on saturday .  russia 's foreign minister says there is no alternative to the peace plan .  the opposition says doctors are being prevented from treating the injured .  u.n. monitors find signs of an attack in a village where a massacre was allege .
 turn down the volume in the ocean <sec> commercial shipping , other man-made sounds cause injury or death to marine life .  whales , dolphins and seals use sounds to communicate , find food and detect predators .  christopher w. clark , brandon southall : u.s. needs to combat the problem of ocean noise .  they say having a healthy ocean ecosystem will help humans sustain our own futur .
 ministry fire in libya 2 days after prime minister 's abduction <sec> a plume of smoke rises up over the foreign ministry compound in tripoli .  prime minister ali zeidan was abducted from his hotel room .  he was released by a militia that he says was carrying forged papers .  he calls his abduction a `` coup against legitimacy .
 novak 's djokovic loses in quarterfinals at qatar open <sec> novak djokovic beaten in quarterfinals of qatar open in doha .  top seed loses to croatian giant ivo karlovic .  karlovic served 21 aces on the way to three-set victory .  defending champion rafael nadal was first round casualt .
 how i got here : a chief of many hearts <sec> malerba is the tribe 's first female leader in almost 300 years .  she believes that one should try to always be a positive force in the world .  she wants to help members straddle both the mohegan world and the local communit .
 israel shut door on sweden 's davis cup bid <sec> israel reach the davis cup quarterfinals for the first time since 1987 in malmo .  dramatic 3-2 victory staged behind closed doors because of security fears .  holders spain and beaten finalists argentina also progress to the last eigh .
 power outage shuts down terminals at newark airport <sec> new : power was restored at newark aiport around 4 p.m . .  a power outage monday left 20,000 households without electricity .  the outage also cut power to newark international airport terminals .  the outage prompted airport authorities to restrict flights at newark airpor .
 clashes erupt at iraqi protest as sectarian tensions flare <sec> clashes break out after iraq 's deputy prime minister arrives to address protesters .  some demonstrators called for him to resign and threw stones at the stage , witnesses say .  the violence comes after nearly a week of protests .  sunni demonstrators say the government is treating them like second-class citizen .
 british man loses right to hindu cremation <sec> davender ghai , 70 , argued the practice is already legal under british law .  opponents say it is unsanitary and hazardous to health and the environment .  officials : cremations outside of crematoria are illegal under 1902 cremation act .  hindus consider open-air cremations essential to the peace of the sou .
 'no illegal substances ' found in amy winehouse 's system , family says <sec> `` alcohol was present '' but it 's not clear if it played a role in the singer 's death .  winehouse died last month at the age of 27 .  she was as famous for her off-stage life as she was for her soulful voic .
 opinion : justice for down syndrome man who died in movie theater <sec> ethan saylor , 26 , with down syndrome , died in a cinema when he refused to leave .  witnesses say officers put him on floor and handcuffed him , and he died of asphyxiation .  david perry : police need to learn to deal with people with disabilities without force .  perry : we all benefit from disabled rights , we will be old and disabled one da .
 beijing auto show <sec> world 's top car makers flock to beijing auto show despite austerity measures by chinese leadership .  china to become world 's largest premium car market by 2016 .  new cars from rolls-royce , bugatti , mercedes-benz and mor .
 p'trique comes to new york fashion week <sec> p'trique is the star of the viral videos `` s**t fashion girls say '' .  he is the alter ego of patrick pope , a los angeles-based web producer .  p'trique was the toast of new york fashion week , spending time with insiders .  cnn 's alina cho attended the carlos miele fashion show with p'triqu .
 times square bomb suspect eyed other targets , official says <sec> new : times square bomb plot suspect faisal shahzad does not enter plea in hearing .  new : his lawyer asks that he be served food prepared according to islamic dietary laws in jail .  shahzad considered attacks on rockefeller center , grand central , investigator says .  u.s. seeking pakistan 's help in determining whether pakistani taliban assisted shahza .
 bob dylan accused of painting plagiarism <sec> the series of paintings are said to part of a `` visual journal '' made by the singer .  `` it 's not a very imaginative approach to painting , '' michael gray said .  dylan has been forthcoming about using photographs in his painting .
 princess diana 's fairytale dress could be yours <sec> princess diana 's disney-like ballgown will go under the hammer in london .  it was created by the designers of her wedding dress , david and elizabeth emanuel .  the dress is expected to fetch in the region of $ 130,00 .
 one man 's mission to put ugandans in space <sec> the african space research program is based in uganda .  a team of over 600 volunteers are building an aircraft and space shuttle .  the group has just secured funding from the ugandan government .  the founder says they 'll have a shuttle built in 4-6 year .
 condoleezza rice rescinds invitation to speak at rutgers commencement <sec> rutgers ' president 'stands fully behind the invitation ' but 'respects ' her decision .  protesters allege the destruction in iraq and 'torture tactics ' for gathering information .  rice calls invitation 'a distraction for the university community at this very special time ' .  some are upset by the protests and want rice to come , student news editor say .
 how a coffee played a role in civil war <sec> coffee was a hot commodity in the civil war .  union troops had it for breakfast , lunch , dinner .  suppliers sometime ground dirt into beans .  blockade kept coffee had to get for confederate troop .
 musician battles stage iv colon cancer <sec> country singer wade hayes was diagnosed with stage iv colon cancer in november .  hayes is 42 years old and has no family history of gastrointestinal disease .  colorectal cancer is the third leading cause of cancer death in both men and wome .
 fighting in sudan town raises civil war fears <sec> fighting in disputed oil-rich sudan town raises fears of return to civil war .  up to 50,000 people displaced by latest outbreak of fighting .  despite cease-fire agreement abyei has been destroyed and deal is at ris .
 teen years risky for kids with seizure disorder , expert says <sec> seizures in teenagers can be caused by dozens of disorders , genetics .  seizure said to have caused the death of jett travolta , 16 .  family has linked seizures to kawasaki disease ; experts say it 's unlikel .
 religion , spies step forward in `` civilization v '' update <sec> `` civilization '' expansion revamps religion and spies .  `` civilization v : gods and kings '' updates the iconic strategy game .  religion can help define a civilization and give it abilities .  spies are more flexible in the new versio .
 from 'gladiator ' to 'the simpsons ' : composer hans zimmer <sec> hans zimmer 's scores include `` the lion king '' and `` the simpsons movie '' .  zimmer contrasted bloody battles with viennese waltzes in `` gladiator '' .  zimmer says a great score is when `` the music and the movie are truly one .
 rwanda : 100 days that changed history <sec> simmering hatreds between tutsi and hutu erupted in genocide in 1994 .  100-day killing rampage left 800,000 dead -- mostly tutsis and moderate hutus .  rwanda is now considered one of africa 's most stable nation .
 formula one stars auction personal photos for children 's charity <sec> formula one 's stars have taken photographs to raise money for charity .  sebastian vettel , fernando alonso and lewis hamilton have donated personal snaps .  the signed photos will be auctioned in central london friday .  the money raised is going to great ormond street hospital children 's charit .
 we owe it to king to revise inscription on his monument <sec> maya angelou reportedly has objected to a quote inscribed on king momument .  roy peter clark : the `` drum major for justice '' quote was taken out of context .  clark says it 's crucial to preserve meaning when words are excerpted .  king memorial will be dedicated sunday in washingto .
 sudanese christian woman at u.s. embassy , husband says <sec> mariam yehya ibrahim and her family are in the u.s. embassy in khartoum , husband says .  ibraham and husband daniel wani were released from detention thursday .  the family was detained as it tried to travel to the united states .  ibrahim 's death sentence for refusing to renounce her faith was overturned this wee .
 u.n. , north korea to discuss sinking of south korean ship <sec> new : joint military exercises are to be held july 25-28 .  the meeting will take place in the demilitarized zone .  it is intended to set the stage for higher-level talks .  north korea was blamed for the sinking of the warship cheonan , but denies i .
 police : teen hiding object shouts , 'come get me , i have a gun ' <sec> official : unarmed teen hid object under shirt , shouted , `` kill me . '' .  new york police commissioner : police feared being fired upon .  police confirm khiel coppin , 18 , was carrying hairbrush under shirt .  police say he ignored orders to halt ; cops fired 20 shots , killing the tee .
 maryland , maine , washington approve same-sex marriage ; 2 states legalize pot <sec> new : maryland , maine , washington allow same-sex marriage .  new : montana , alabama voters approve anti-obamacare measure .  colorado , washington voters legalize the recreational use of marijuana .  florida voters defeat anti-obamacare and anti-abortion measure .
 too little protein may equal too much body fat <sec> on low-protein diet , 90 % of calories are stored as body fat vs. 50 % on high-protein .  federal recommendations for protein may not be enough to maintain muscle mass .  rely on white meat , ocean-caught fish , greek yogurt , and nonfat cottage chees .
 commentary : how social media shared pain and rage of mumbai <sec> dina mehta : social media like twitter became key point of contact and news .  she says the mumbai terror attacks led to sadness and rage .  mehta : the emotions were shared worldwide through social media .  she says concrete actions resulted from widespread use of social network .
 richard branson , founder , virgin <sec> richard branson , founder of virgin , talks to cnn 's todd benjamin .  branson left school at 16 to work on a magazine he had set up .  he is now responsible for over 300 businesses under the virgin bran .
 moderator schieffer has long tenure in washington <sec> bob schieffer is cbs news ' chief washington correspondent .  moderator has been host of `` face the nation '' since 1991 .  he gave assassin 's mother a ride the day jfk was shot .  tcu journalism school is named for schieffer , an alumnu .
 jetblue introduces premium class seats <sec> jetblue switches to two-class service in some markets .  the new `` mint '' service will offer lie-flat beds in domestic business class .  the new seats are only available on selected route .
 rivals turn up heat on romney after new hampshire win <sec> new : south carolina 's governor says do n't attack romney 's business record .  mitt romney shrugs off criticism of his days as a venture capitalist .  ron paul , rick santorum plan big spending in south carolina .  the republican presidential campaign shifts to south carolina , site of the next primar .
 mom gives tearful goodbye to 3 daughters killed in christmas day fire <sec> new : a public funeral is held in manhattan 's st. thomas church .  new : the service was for three young girls who died in a house fire in stamford , connecticut .  the fire occurred on christmas day .  a private service for the family was held on wednesda .
 bahamas police , fbi : 'barefoot bandit ' apprehended <sec> new : fbi confirms suspect is `` barefoot bandit '' .  colton harris-moore in custody in bahamas , police say .  resort describes dramatic arrest of teen suspect .  police say the arrest followed a high-speed boat chas .
 william and catherine view princess diana orchid in singapore <sec> william and catherine view orchids named for diana and the queen in singapore .  `` vanda william catherine '' orchid named for royal couple at national orchid garden .  royal couple on nine-day southeast asia visit to celebrate queen 's diamond jubile .
 super bowl xlvi as it happened <sec> super bowl xlvi pitted the new york giants against the new england patriots .  match staged at lucas oil stadium in indianapolis .  giants beat patriots to repeat triumph of 2008 .  giants quarterback eli manning was named mv .
 drunken driving is not about the nfl <sec> lz granderson : nfl slammed after player 's arrest on intoxication manslaughter charge .  but drunken driving is not an nfl issue , he says , since it happens in all walks of life .  granderson : general population , mostly young men , have much higher rate than nfl .  we need to talk about the culture that promotes excessive drinking , he say .
 mandela memorial interpreter asks forgiveness , calls himself champion <sec> interpreter thamsanqa jantjie tells cnn that his portfolio `` speaks for itself '' .  he says he 's receiving treatment for schizophrenia .  `` i have been a champion of what i have been doing , '' jantjie says .  owners of the company that supplied interpreter `` have vanished , '' official say .
 violence against women : by the numbers <sec> new : an estimated 340,000 u.s. women are raped or sexually assaulted every year .  one in three women worldwide has experienced sexual abuse or violence .  nearly two out of three women in congo say their first sexual experience was assault .  between 20,000 and 50,000 women were raped in bosnia in the 1990s wa .
 a very indulgent guide to louisville <sec> the kentucky derby 's hometown is worth lingering over .  bourbon looms large in this booming foodie town .  get outside and explore the local museums while you 're ther .
 'final ' battery test on 787 dreamliner 'straightforward , ' boeing says <sec> the test is part of boeing 's work on an improved 787 lithium-ion battery system .  50 dreamliner aircraft have been grounded since january after two battery fires .  boeing says it will analyze the data from the test and submit material to the fa .
 return dates for 'big brother , ' 'under the dome ' <sec> `` big brother '' will premiere on cbs in june and july .  it 'll bow on june 25 with the first eviction occurring july 3 .  `` under the dome '' will return on june 3 .
 do n't machine wash your jeans , says levi 's ceo <sec> levi strauss ceo chip bergh says we should n't machine wash jeans .  bergh shared the advice at a recent conference .  he said spot cleaning works , and he has n't washed his jeans in a yea .
 japan redesigns nuclear safety agency after fukushima <sec> day-to-day nuclear regulation will be placed under the environment ministry .  critics have said regulators have been too cozy with japan 's nuclear industry .  the decision follows the march nuclear disaster at fukushima daiich .
 more airlines ban shark fin cargo <sec> air pacific , asiana and korean air vow to halt shark fin shipments .  approximately 72 million sharks are killed each year and 10,000 tons of fins are traded through hong kong .  impact of large corporations taking a stand is huge , says hong kong-based shark rescu .
