 opinion : five lessons of the gaza war <sec> violence continues as israel and hamas militants fight in gaza .  frida ghitis : this war impacts not just gaza , but also europe and mideast .  she says the u.s. should review how it balances allies and their antagonists .  ghitis : hamas has no interest in two-state solution ; both sides need moderate .
 guitar legend doc watson in critical condition after surgery , rep says <sec> new : doc watson is in critical condition and resting after a follow-up procedure , his rep says .  watson , 89 , is recovering from colon surgery at wake forest baptist medical center .  born in deep gap , north carolina , watson was blinded from an eye infection as a baby .  the multiple grammy winner is known for his flatpicking and fingerstyle techniqu .
 'star trek ' fans denied : moon wo n't be named 'vulcan ' <sec> the seti institute named two moons orbiting pluto 'kerberos ' and 'styx ' .  despite winning online poll , the name 'vulcan ' was not chosen .  'star trek 's ' william shatner professed outrage at the decision on twitter .  the band styx , however , was delighted with the new .
 can baseball still bring a city together ? <sec> amy bass : baltimore rioting caused postponement of two orioles-white sox games . .  now third game of series will be played to empty stadium .  she says baseball can bring cities together . .  but with so few black fans , players , it will be hard for baltimore to gather around this sport to hea .
 fresh protests follow uyghur crackdown <sec> hundreds protest mass arrests following ethnic unrest in china 's xinjiang region .  protesters -- mostly women and elderly -- shouted names of relatives being held .  at least 1,434 held by chinese police following weekend uyghur protests .  156 people killed and more than 800 others injured in violenc .
 5 other u.s. leaders and the words that tripped them up <sec> president obama is n't alone in making comments that feed critics ' narratives .  it happened to president george h.w . .  bush at a supermarket scanner in 1992 .  fallout from president jimmy carter 's `` malaise '' speech helped define his time in office .  and what about president ronald reagan joking about bombing russia .
 official : iraqi leader wants 'chemical ali , ' others executed <sec> western official : executing trio without council 's approval would violate law .  three men were slated to be executed in october , but orders still await signatures .  delays blamed on legal issues , but officials say sectarian issues at play .  western official predicts compromise : only `` chemical ali '' will be execute .
 boeing dreamliner completes maiden flight <sec> new : 787 dreamliner completes three-hour test flight .  boeing has touted the 787 as more environmentally friendly and fuel efficient .  company says plane is made of composite materials that are lighter than aluminum .  depending on configuration , dreamliner can seat 200 to 300 passenger .
 trial date set for ariel castro ; more charges possible <sec> ariel castro keeps his head down , eyes closed through most of hearing .  judge sets tentative trial date for august 4 ; next hearing for june 26 .  prosecutor : more evidence headed to grand jury , more indictments possible .  castro faces 329 counts , including aggravated murder , rape and kidnappin .
 china 's 21st century challenge : define the narrative <sec> damien ma looks for an indigenous idea to carry china forward in the 21st century .  and its transition into a modern state has been anything but smooth , he writes .  he says few chinese know or agree on what china should stand for in the 21st centur .
 behind the scenes : dreams of a power wash <sec> with all the mud in southern afghanistan , everyone stinks , barbara starr says .  marines also wear heavy body armor all the time , adding to the discomfort .  armor is only heavy `` until the bad guys start shooting at you , '' marines say .  marines often travel in `` 7-ton truck '' that 's open in the back and side .
 at least 42 dead as storms slash through southern states <sec> new : three confirmed dead in ringgold , georgia .  new : alabama nuclear power plant loses power .  birmingham 's mayor says many people are missing and hundreds are injured .  alabama 's emergency management director says 25 people have been kille .
 opinion : 5 things the world could teach america about economic justice <sec> america has a higher level of income inequality than any developed country .  the income gap is also wider than iran 's or nigeria 's .  john sutter : the u.s. should take cues from other places .  brazil , iceland , australia and scandinavia offer important lessons , he say .
 what can you learn from golf ? <sec> putting is a skill that can be mastered by anyone , experts tell cnn .  practice really does make perfect , says irish professor aidan moran .  research shows there can be transferable skills to other walks of life .  biggest challenge is keeping focused away from an outcome , psychologist say .
 the high cost of being a bridesmaid <sec> bridesmaids spend about $ 1,695 for dress , travel , gifts and other expenses , website says .  according to etiquette expert , `` you should never be going into debt for a friend 's wedding '' .  weddingchannel advice : hold the bridal shower and bachelorette party on the same weeken .
 cycling champ hoy rules out rio return <sec> champion cyclist chris hoy says london 2012 are `` as good as it can get at an olympics '' .  two golds in the velodrome give him a tally of six golds making him briton 's most successful olympian .  ho .
 cnn student news - august 27 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 secret service agents sent home after one passes out in dutch hotel <sec> 3 secret service agents are disciplined over an incident in the dutch capital of amsterdam .  they had been sent there to prepare for president barack obama 's upcoming visit .  official : one of them was found drunk in a hotel hallway .  the incident comes two years after a secret service prostitution scandal in colombi .
 on 'snl , ' obama dumps 'schoolhouse rock ' bill <sec> `` saturday night live '' updates classic `` i 'm just a bill '' segment from `` schoolhouse rock '' .  actor playing obama shoves the bill down the steps to make room for an executive order .  `` there 's an easier way to get things done around here , '' obama say .
 new hampshire ag : shooter kills cop , dies in house fire and explosion <sec> the duplex where the shooting took place caught fire and exploded .  officer steve arkell was fatally shot after responding to a domestic dispute .  the shooter died in the fire or explosion that followed the shooting .  federal and state authorities are investigatin .
 fernando torres in spain world cup squad <sec> fernando torres in spain world cup squad .  torres scores opener in 2-0 friendly win over boliva .  england on top at wembley against peru .  superb daniel sturridge opener in 3-0 wi .
 'orange , ' aduba , macy win sag awards <sec> `` orange is the new black '' wins comedy series .  uzo aduba , william h. macy win acting prize .
 police : man plows into israeli checkpoint , goes on stabbing spree <sec> new : israel beefs up military presence on the southern border .  seven people are hurt .  the checkpoint is near a popular nightclub .  he stabs several passersby , police sa .
 7 things we learned about mike huckabee from his new book - cnnpolitics.com <sec> former arkansas gov . .  mike huckabee released a book as preparation for his potential presidential run .  `` god , guns , grits and gravy '' includes his thoughts on reality television and pop stars .  huckabee is no fan of miley cyrus , but he thinks beyonce is talente .
 'el matador ' cavani signs for psg in record french deal <sec> edinson cavani signs for paris-saint germain .  five year deal for uruguay international striker .  signs from napoli where he was serie a top scorer last season .  qatari-backed psg reigning french champion .
 medical advice from the dalai lama 's doctor <sec> tibetan medical experts want more collaborative projects with modern medicine .  tibetan doctors sometimes prescribe kindness and compassion to cure illness .  tibetan compassion meditation may lower stress-induced immune responses .  the dalai lama wants more scientific testing of tibetan traditional medicin .
 iuds , implants vastly more effective than the pill <sec> long-acting forms of contraception 20 times more effective than daily pill .  failure rates for pill were especially dramatic among teenagers and young women .  birth control pills are the method of choice for 28 % of u.s. wome .
 prince george 's first royal tour : the kid 's a natural <sec> prince george arrives in new zealand for his first public engagement .  photographers battle dreadful weather to capture the historic moment .  his sizable entourage includes a new nanny , dresser , and hairdresse .
 jfk keepsakes belonging to close pal up for auction <sec> kennedy-related items will be up for auction february 17 .  memorabilia comes from collection of friend and aide david powers .  powers ' family enlisted the massachusetts-based auction house john mcinnis .  people who ca n't make it in person can bid online in real tim .
 libyan detainees died after torture , human rights group says <sec> doctors without borders official says two detainees died in custody late last year .  libya 's ambassador to u.n. said government does n't approve of abuse of detainees .  doctors without borders says it has treated 115 people with torture-related wounds .  amnesty international says some detainees in libya have died after being torture .
 opinion : al-shabaab : 'lord of the flies ' with guns <sec> james fergusson : somali teens lured into al-shabaab by promise of food , security .  many are orphans , he says , with no real islamic ideology , who want to survive .  recruiters tell of virgins in heaven , he says ; americans lured by tales of battle .  he says until somalia gives teens a chance at a decent life , they will turn to al-shabaa .
 new map shows 99 percent of earth 's terrain <sec> new digital topographic map reveals more of earth than ever before .  images were taken by japanese imaging instrument on nasa satellite .  map consists of millions of satellite images to form unified picture of plane .
 wife accuses 'scandal ' actor columbus short of violence <sec> new : `` i must refrain from making any comments , '' columbus short tells cnn .  tanee short alleges three violent incidents with her husband in three months .  columbus short was arrested at his home twice in february , wife says .  a judge ordered the actor to stay away from his wife and hom .
 london casino withholds payout to top poker player amid inquiry <sec> phil ivey won $ 11.7 million playing punto banco in august .  his payout is being withheld while the case is referred to the british gambling commission .  ivey could not be reached for comment monda .
 depp channels inner outlaw in 'public enemies ' <sec> johnny depp plays charismatic bank robber john dillinger in `` public enemies '' .  depression-era tale of first public enemy no . .  1 , idolized as modern-day robin hood .  dillinger 's gang killed 10 men , wounded seven during a spree of less than one year .  depp on dillinger : `` i always kind of admired him , oddly .
 garcia 's biggest sponsor angered by 'offensive ' remarks aimed at woods <sec> sergio garcia 's clothing and equipment sponsor places his deal under 'review ' .  taylormade-adidas say comments about tiger woods were offensive .  garcia embroiled in racist row over 'fried chicken ' remarks .  spaniard has issued public apolog .
 bali 's jungle style sets new heights for barefoot luxury <sec> bali 's green village sets a precedent for high-end design and sustainable architecture .  locally sourced bamboo used to create million dollar luxury villas .  project aims to change mindsets and push boundaries of design and architectur .
 hospitalized tracy morgan upgraded to fair condition <sec> tracy morgan seriously injured in a collision june 7 .  he has been upgraded to fair condition .  a walmart truck slammed into the limo bus he was riding in .  comedian james mcnair died in the cras .
 'tron ' animated series feeds the need of fans <sec> the film `` tron '' has become a cult classic among fans .  the animated `` tron '' series stars one such fan : paul `` pee-wee herman '' reubens .  like in the classic , bruce boxleitner once again portrays tro .
 iraqi soldier fatally shoots 2 u.s. troops , wounds 3 near mosul <sec> new : u.s. military : gunman who killed 2 u.s. troops , wounded 3 was iraqi soldier .  iraqi officials say shooter was soldier-in-training who opened fire at a training facility .  shootings underscore the dangers for u.s. troops and iraqi security forces in mosul .  iranian forces attacked kurdish village in iraq ; 3 civilians killed in kirku .
 battleground iowa : evangelical , catholic voters may swing state <sec> a battleground state , iowa with its six electoral votes may be key in the presidential election .  one in three iowans call themselves catholics or evangelicals .  mitt romney has had challenges in iowa because of his history on social issues .  president barack obama , who won iowa in 2008 , may have a tough time doing it agai .
 alive & kicking : africa 's football factory scoring big <sec> alive & kicking is a social enterprise that manufactures balls in africa .  it aims to create jobs for adults , provide children with balls and raise health awareness .  launched in 2004 , it has so far produced more than half a million balls .  it employs 130 people -- one third of its workforce is people under 3 .
 the siege of mosul : what 's happening ? why is it significant ? <sec> as many as half a million civilians have been forced from their homes .  the advance is proving an object lesson of much that 's wrong in iraq .  the islamic state in iraq and syria is so extreme that even al qaeda has disavowed i .
 oscar pistorius case puts south africa gun culture in global spotlight <sec> one report : more than half south africans fear home invasion .  former detective : crimes are difficult to solve because many do n't trust police .  pistorius case brings gun violence in the country to global attentio .
 flooding , landslides kill 137 in philippines <sec> 137 people dead in provinces , including baguio city , benguet and mountain .  floods were unleased by tropical depression parma .  report : worst-hit areas in pangasinan province are bayambang , alcala and basist .
 lost city discovered in honduran jungle <sec> national geographic has announced the discovery of a lost city in the remote honduran rainforest .  the magazine says scientists believe the city belonged to a mysterious ancient civilization .  a team documented the site after aerial light scanning showed man-made structure .
 reserves boss garrido given villarreal job <sec> villarreal appoint reserve coach juan carlos garrido as manager until end of season .  spanish club sacked ernesto valverde following sunday night 's 1-1 draw with almeria .  struggling real valladolid dismiss manager jose luis mendilibar due to poor results .  the 48-year-old is replaced by reserve-team coach onesimo sanche .
 libya military site yields possible radioactive material <sec> new : tunisia says it has detained libya 's former prime minister under gadhafi .  the u.s. has been monitoring libya 's yellowcake stockpile , a defense official says .  a military site containing barrels and bags of powder marked `` radioactive '' is revealed .  troops have been putting pressure on several regime holdout cities in recent day .
 champion djokovic to meet murray in u.s. open final <sec> second seed novak djokovic wins through to u.s. open final for third year in a row .  serbian will continue his title defense against world no . .  4 andy murray on monday .  he bounces back from dropping his first set of the tournament in new york .  djokovic ends hopes of david ferrer , still seeking to reach his first grand slam fina .
 lindsay lohan posts $ 100,000 bail , is freed , after probation revoked <sec> lindsay lohan must now do community service in l.a. county morgue two days a week .  lohan is free on bail and hopes to have her probation reinstated , her publicist says .  her father says she needs `` very , very intensive '' rehabilitation .  a judge rovokes the actress ' probation , and she is led away in handcuff .
 soldier hurt in shooting : 'i like defending this country ' <sec> two privates were shot outside recruiting center last week ; one died .  pvt . .  quinton ezeagwula says thanks to those who have offered support .  he is still scheduled to be sent to scofield barracks in hawaii .  mother says she hopes shooting suspect 's trial is a fair on .
 santorum asks google to clean up search results for his name <sec> politico : rick santorum asks google to change the search results for his name .  a reference to a sex byproduct shows up high in search results for `` santorum '' .  a sex columnist created a spoof site to draw searchers away from santorum 's page .  googe typically does not alter its search results because of conten .
 chelsea close gap on united after victory at blackpool <sec> chelsea consolidate fourth place in premier league after beating blackpool 3-1 .  a frank lampard double and john terry 's header gave the visitors three points .  the result moves chelsea to within nine points of manchester united at the top .  blackpool remain in 15th place just two points above the relegation zon .
 greenpeace : chinese herbs tainted with pesticides 'not safe to consume ' <sec> greenpeace : of 65 herbs tested , 26 contained `` highly hazardous '' pesticides .  greenpeace : one herb contained over 500 times european safe limit of pesticide .  new : hong kong department of health says it is `` concerned about the findings '' .  scientist says pesticides do not necessarily pose risk ; boiling herbs can hel .
 africa fashion week brings style fusion to london catwalk <sec> africa fashion week london was held from august 1 to 3 .  inaugurated in 2011 , the event promotes emerging and established designers .  organizers say they aim to hold the event twice a year and set up a distribution outle .
 justices appear to lean toward fcc in case over broadcast tv 'indecency ' <sec> new : justice scalia : `` the government is entitled to insist upon a ... modicum of decency '' .  the court looks at whether the fcc can limit expletives and nudity on broadcast tv .  sometimes it 's hard to tell `` what is indecent and what is n't , '' justice ginsburg says .  the fcc just wants a few channels free of such material , chief justice roberts say .
 5 things we learned from sanford 's win <sec> disgraced former gov . .  mark sanford overcame past scandals to win house seat .  sanford is a veteran campaigner while opponent colbert bush made some rookie mistakes .  surprisingly high turnout in solid republican district helped sanfor .
 threat of ground incursion looms over yemen <sec> son of former president removed from post as ambassador to united arab emirates .  reuters video shows trucks carrying tanks in saudi arabia near yemen border .  yemen 's foreign minister says he expects coalition troops to arrive within day .
 turkey : facing a soft landing or serious turbulence ? <sec> turkey , straddling europe and asia , has a gross domestic product of $ 773 billion .  it represents the fourth letter of a new acronym crafted by goldman sachs : mist .  after blistering growth in the past two years the country has hit a patch of turbulence .  but there is a silver lining in this slow dow .
 lady liberty turns 125 ; immigrant recalls passage <sec> friday marks the 125th anniversary of the unveiling of the statue of liberty .  a russian immigrant recalls her ellis island passage in 1930 .  the statue of liberty was a french gift .  web cams are expected stream video footage from the torc .
 what does it take to get a job in china ? <sec> for foreigner graduates it is increasingly hard to find jobs and develop careers .  guangzhou 's annual jobs fairs for foreigners attracts hundreds from overseas looking for employment .  around 7 million chinese graduates enter the jobs market each year .  still lots of opportunities for those expats with established skill .
 china executes 13 convicted of terrorism <sec> 13 people were executed for terrorism , chinese media reports .  they had been arrested after terror attacks in xinjiang province that killed 71 people .  dozens more were convicted and given lengthy prison terms .  china is cracking down in xinjiang , which has a minority muslim populatio .
 flights banned over boston marathon blast site <sec> new : john kerry checks in with his daughter , who has run the marathon in the past .  new : canada 's prime minister laments an `` inspiring event clouded by senseless violence '' .  police from miami to los angeles on heightened alert ; off-duty boston cops called in .  london police say they are reviewing security for the city 's marathon on sunda .
 suspect 's dna was a clue waiting years to be found <sec> dna from suspect in 1996 case leads to arrest in 1990 rape case .  dennis earl bradford arrested for rape , attempted murder of jennifer schuett .  bradford convicted of kidnapping , slashing woman in 1996 in similar manner .  bradford 's dna sat in database for 13 years before connection was mad .
