 fda calls 7 caffeine-alcohol drinks unsafe <sec> new : other companies may face similar action .  fda says 7 brands made by 4 companies pose a `` public health concern '' .  four loko manufacturer dumps caffeine ahead of fda announcement .  a consumer reports adviser called the announcement a `` partial solution .
 russia enacts anti-gay adoption ban <sec> same-sex married couples are banned from adopting russian children .  the ban also affects singles from countries that recognize same-sex marriage .  the move comes a year after russia banned adoptions to the united states .  global scrutiny of anti-gay policies has grown leading up to olympics in soch .
 explainer : thailand 's ongoing political crisis <sec> thai state of emergency is latest episode in ongoing political crisis .  thailand has been unstable since former pm thaksin ousted in coup in 2006 .  thaksin 's supporters insist current government is illegitimate , want new elections .  thaksin : `` it is time for the people to come out for a revolution .
 a shock to bucolic vermont <sec> jay parini : vermont a haven of mountains , red barns , clapboard houses , covered bridges .  bad weather comes in winter , he says , with ice bending trees and snow blocking roads .  now , brattleboro deep under water , ruined covered bridges and homes , parini says .  parini : vermonters left to clean up in the calm , bright weather irene left behin .
 iran leaders ' conflicting motives on nuclear talks <sec> authors : iran 's people want a deal in hopes of a better economy .  they say iran 's leaders recognize that having a nuclear program can elevate its international clou .
 falcao brace hands atletico madrid advantage in europa league semi <sec> atletico madrid beat fellow spaniards valencia 4-2 in their europa league semifinal first leg .  falcao scores twice for atletico but late goal for valencia takes gloss off their win .  portugal 's sporting lisbon come from behind to beat athletic bilbao 2-1 in other tie .  goals from diego capel and emiliano insua cancel out jon aurtenetxe 's opene .
 uk tv channels could allow abortion-related ads <sec> british tv channels could advertise abortion services under new proposals .  industry group says commercials would be for pregnancy advisory services .  they give information about options for pregnant women , including abortio .
 india 's school meal program : ambitious , but far from perfect <sec> india provides a free hot meal a day to every student below the age of 13 .  it is the largest program of its kind , feeding 120 million children every school day .  the scheme is designed to tackle education and nutrition in one swoop .  but the quality of the food varies wildly , with some states providing substandard meal .
 congo , beyond the conflict : six reasons why it matters <sec> dr congo has a reputation for conflict and violence .  campaigner and congo native vava tampa says there 's another side to the country .  it has immense natural beauty thanks to its rainforests and wildlife .  the country 's farmland and rivers could help feed the continent , he say .
 new services promise online life after death <sec> new services are helping people organize their digital assets after their death .  customers can designate loved ones to access their posthumous online accounts .  legacy locker allows users to set up a kind of online will , with beneficiaries .  eternal space lets loved ones create customized online grave site .
 expandable toy recalled due to ingestion risk , group says <sec> small toy expands to 400 times its size , posing an ingestion risk , consumer commission says .  8-month-old baby from texas needed surgery after ingesting marble-size water balz .  consumer product safety commission urges consumers to stop using product .  also recalled are growing skulls , h2o orbs and fabulous flower .
 analysts rate obama 's afghanistan address <sec> bergen : president for first time acknowledged talks with taliban .  borger : difficult to separate the military decision from political decision .  gergen : obama winding down iraq , afghanistan wars like he said he would .  zakaria : kept with his basic strategic rationale from the star .
 captive journalists walk free from tripoli hotel <sec> new : guards `` really believed moammar gadhafi was coming back , '' chance says .  the rixos hotel was one of the last pockets of gadhafi control in tripoli .  the experience was a `` nightmare '' for about 35 journalists trapped there .  the international committee of the red cross sent cars to take the reporters ou .
 north and south korea agree to hold family reunions this month <sec> the reunions will take place between february 20 and 25 , south korea says .  north korea canceled previously scheduled reunions last year .  seoul says it told pyongyang that `` what happened last year can not be repeated '' .  north korea has called for better sides , but tensions remain over u.s.-south korean drill .
 obama and u.n. seek delay in execution of mexican national <sec> humberto leal garcia was sentenced to death for the 1994 rape and murder of a 16-year-old girl .  leal , a mexican national , has lived in the united states since he was 2 years old .  he was not granted access to the mexican consul prior to making incriminating statements .  his execution is scheduled for thursda .
 philippines pays reward in militant 's arrest <sec> suspected militant hajer sailani was captured last week in cotabato city .  authorities in the philippines say he 's a member of terrorist group abu sayyaf .  abu sayyaf has been implicated in the kidnapping of aid workers this year .  informant was paid $ 7,100 for information leading to sailani 's arres .
 dangerous mix : iranian oil and u.s. sanctions <sec> iran has threatened to block flow of oil through strait of hormuz if u.s. sanctions its oil .  u.s. navy has warned that disruption in traffic will not be tolerated .  vali nasr says the sanctions designed to prevent war could wind up causing it .  he says the first casualty in a battle could be the world econom .
 palace : catherine and william expecting 2nd child <sec> the baby will become fourth in line to the british throne .  `` the queen and members of both families are delighted with the news , '' the palace says .  as in her first pregnancy , catherine is suffering from acute morning sickness .  british prime minister david cameron says he is `` delighted by the happy news .
 turkey : iraqi kurds can join fight for kobani in syria <sec> u.s. is accused of arming terrorists as isis boasts of intercepting weapons .  turkish president says deal reached for iraqi peshmerga to join kurds in kobani .  group : 464 isis militants are among 553 people killed in a month 's airstrikes in syria .  32 civilians have also been killed , including six children and five women , it say .
 celebrity chef oliver reveals menu for g-20 leaders <sec> celebrity chef jamie oliver to serve scottish organic salmon , welsh lamb .  oliver will use traditional ingredients and recipes from uk .  oliver will cook the meal along with young chefs from his apprentice progra .
 running legend gebrselassie quits after new york disappointment <sec> haile gebrselassie quits athletics after dropping out of new york marathon .  marathon world record holder gebrselassie was the star attraction in the big apple .  compatriot gebre gebremariam wins on his marathon debu .
 murdoch editors knew of hacking , ex-reporter testifies <sec> new : paul mcmullan says the public and celebrities are complicit in tabloid culture .  the ex-journalist names a former david cameron aide as knowing about hacking .  he is testifying at the leveson inquiry into press ethics .  police say about 5,800 people were targeted by phone-hacking journalist .
 nicolas cage caused his own financial ills , ex-business manager says <sec> samuel levin responds to a lawsuit actor nicolas cage filed against him .  cage bought 2 castles , 15 homes , yachts , rolls royces , against advice , levin says .  cage should have known about his debt because he signed the checks , levin say .
 stop calling her hillary ( opinion ) <sec> peggy drexler : media , even candidate herself call clinton just 'hillary . ' .  this reinforces stereotypes about women needing to be approachable .  she says especially in global context , trust , respect important for the potential leader of free world , not familiarity . .  just 'hillary ' not appropriat .
 the surprisingly cool history of ice <sec> unbelievably , ice was not a hot item in the blistering caribbean of 1806 .  wealthy boston brothers single-handedly invent ice industry .  eventually , ice sales skyrocket , re-opening trade to india in 1830s .  home freezers chilled the ice industry , but $ 2.5 billion worth still sold annuall .
 ebola : hazmat suits and blocking the stigma ( opinion ) <sec> martha pease : we need to avoid stigmatizing ebola as we did aids , polio .  she applauds recent ad campaign seeking to make hazmat suit a positive symbol .  pease : fear distracts us from focusing on treating ebola at the source in afric .
 samuel l. jackson in new childhood cancer psa <sec> a new campaign aims to increase awareness of childhood cancer and treatment .  jackson says when he was a child , most kids with cancer did n't survive .  a new `` dream team '' focuses on childhood cancer researc .
 darfur diary : best of a bad situation <sec> rebels attack outskirts of khartoum as cnn arrives in darfur .  u.n. powerless as operations under lockdown .  details emerge of international payments to keep rebels from fightin .
 bahamas under tropical storm watch as bret strengthens <sec> bret strengthens from a tropical depression to a tropical storm .  bret is the second tropical storm of the 2011 atlantic hurricane season .  the storm is 100 miles northwest of great abaco island in the bahamas .  bret is expected to strengthen over the next 48 hour .
 ex-dea agent : treatment , education key in drug war <sec> robert strang , former dea special agent , says drug use starts as early as 12 .  strang : `` we can send all of the agents in the world , '' but border patrol not enough .  money aimed at financial institutions should go to prevention programs , strang say .
 blueprint for the ultimate haunted house -- victorian style <sec> victorian homes have developed a spooky reputation .  paranormal history and architecture trends combine to create a haunted feel .  art historian : `` i love a victorian house . .  it makes me wonder where the bodies are buried . .
 suriname president 's son arrested on u.s. drug charges <sec> dino bouterse faces federal drug and weapons charges in new york .  panamanian authorities arrest him , hand him over to u.s. officials .  boutserse is the son of suriname 's presiden .
 sisterly love drives poland 's aga and urszula radwanska <sec> world no . .  4 agnieszka radwanska and younger sister urszula reveal their tight bond .  the sisters learned tennis from an early age under the guidance of father robert .  `` aga '' believes her younger sister is destined to break into the wta 's top 10 .  they have raised the profile of tennis in poland with their success on cour .
 no u.s. lawyer right now for embassy bombing suspect <sec> judge rejects request for defense counsel for libyan accused in 1998 nairobi bombings .  anas al libi was captured by u.s. commandos in tripoli and was placed in military custody .  he is expected to be transferred in coming days for prosecution in federal court .  libyan prime minister called al libi 's capture `` kidnapping , '' wants assurance he will be tried fairl .
  <sec> obama administration drops long-term insurance program .  officials had questions about whether it could sustain itself .  mcconnell calls provision a `` budget gimmick .
 nba back in mexico city and london as expansion gathers pace <sec> nba to play regular season games in london and mexico city .  houston takes on minnesota timberwolves in mexico city on november 12 .  london hosts milwaukee against the knicks on january 15 , 2015 . .  miami heat leads line-up for pre-season global serie .
 texas killer nurse genene jones set to walk free <sec> genene jones , a nurse , was sentenced to 99 years in prison for killing a 15-month-old .  she maintains she did nothing wrong .  jones could be released early because of an old law designed to prevent overcrowdin .
 ponting determined to regain the ashes <sec> england seeking to retain ashes urn in five-test series starting in brisbane .  australia captain ricky ponting still haunted by 2-1 defeat in england last year .  home team boosted by return to fitness of vice-captain michael clarke after back injury .  england have not won a series in australia since 1986-87 under mike gattin .
 opposition : no 'suicide ' deal with mugabe <sec> opposition : power-sharing deal must give it genuine power to deliver change .  zimbabwe 's president mugabe to hold talks monday with morgan tsvangirai .  mugabe says talks are last chance for opposition before he forms government .  power-sharing deal signed by pair has been deadlocked since septembe .
 shia labeouf 's best 'going to jail ' story ever ? <sec> shia labeouf turned his broadway arrest story into a lighthearted tale .  he appeared on `` jimmy kimmel live '' on monday .  the actor was arrested in jun .
 food & wine announces best new chefs of 2015 <sec> food & wine magazine picks a crop of promising chefs annually .  this year 's chefs include specialists in tapas , mexican food and rustic italian far .
 ohio governor delays execution amid confusion <sec> lawrence reynolds jr. was set to be executed thursday for killing neighbor in 1994 .  action comes hours after ohio attorney general asked for execution to go through .  federal appeals court had blocked his execution , citing failed attempt last month .  strickland delayed romell broom 's execution after technicians could n't find vei .
 skeletal remains found in backyard barrel ; homeowner sought <sec> a crime stoppers tip led police to look for a body in a backyard barrel .  harris county sheriff 's investigators are searching for the homeowner .  he previously served 17 in prison after being convicted in a double murde .
 cheney : no link between saddam hussein , 9/11 <sec> ex-vp backs bush administration invasion of iraq , says hussein supported terror .  he says it 's essential to understand `` policies that worked '' in protecting united states .  cheney says guantanamo bay detention center is needed amid war on terrorism .  he reiterates his call to declassify documents detailing interrogations of detainee .
 opinion : citizenship is a birthright in u.s. territories <sec> neil weare : there 's a compelling legal case for citizenship for american samoa residents .  he says the 14th amendment provides citizenship for all people subject to the u.s . .  courts have disagreed on the matter , but weare 's lawsuit is pending in federal cour .
 ukraine reporter 's notebook : the worst day i 've seen in kiev <sec> cnn cameraman describes filming chaos , clashes , gunshot victims .  he sees five bodies in a stairwell , more piled up in lobby of his hotel .  `` a day ago this looked like a typical hotel lobby . .  now it was a makeshift morgue , '' he say .
 kardashian divorce trial delayed until next year <sec> subpoena for kanye west in nordstrom box left at kardashian door , her lawyer says .  `` i 'm trying to find information ... somebody is trying to stop me , '' kris humphries ' lawyer says .  humphries ' girlfriend will be deposed by kardashian 's lawyers in new york tuesday .  a 2013 trial date may be set at the next hearing in november , the judge say .
 tsonga sends 'tired ' nadal crashing out of queen 's club <sec> world number one rafael nadal crashes out of the queen 's club event .  the six-time french open champion is beaten in three sets by jo-wilfried tsonga .  andy murray and andy roddick will clash in the other semifinal in londo .
 why gop branding is n't working <sec> adam hanft : these are four gop conventions in one , playing to different groups .  he says the party is aiming at the base , undecideds , the media and everyone else .  he says gop has fragmented message with too many masters .  hanft : can politics win anyway ? .  so far it does n't look goo .
 mosque of americans arrested in pakistan plans investigation <sec> members of the mosque describe five students as `` wholesome , regular kids . '' .  americans arrested in pakistan planned to go to afghanistan , interrogation report says .  pakistani officials : 5 arrested wednesday , sixth man -- father of one of the 5 -- arrested later .  pakistani police say men were planning terrorist acts , official say .
 nfl and abuse : it 's not just ray rice ( opinion ) <sec> mel robbins : nfl let other players charged in domestic violence return to field .  robbins : ray rice punished , once there was video -- why not others ? .  goodell must go .  nfl abused janay rice , she says ; her defense of ray rice typical of battered women .  robbins : imagine if nfl had handled case properly and all parties had gotten needed hel .
 ap mccoy , jockey who is `` made of concrete '' to retire <sec> british jump jockey ap mccoy calls time on his illustrious career .  arguably the greatest jockey of all time , dominating his sport like no other .  over 1,000 career falls , though , have taken their toll on his ailing bod .
 golf balls : 'humanity 's signature litter ' <sec> it takes 100 to 1,000 years for a golf ball to degrade .  golf balls are composed of a zinc rubber filling .  uk lawmaker says golf balls are `` humanities signature litter .
 threats halt 2 southwest flights <sec> both planes are eventually cleared .  one flight was searched at john wayne airport .  the other at phoenix 's sky harbo .
 outcome hardly in doubt in syria election <sec> president bashar al-assad is expected to win tuesday 's presidential vote .  `` it 's a coronation of assad , it 's a celebration of his ability to survive , '' an analyst says .  it takes place amid a three-year civil war that has killed around 150,000 people .  the syrian opposition and western countries say the election wo n't be free or fai .
 new york cockfighting bust uncovers 3,000 birds and yields 9 arrests <sec> 3,000 birds seized in the largest cockfighting bust in new york history .  a cockfight , a pet store and a farm were raided , and 9 were arrested .  the events also featured drinking and drug use , attorney general say .
 california chrome 's injury 'superficial ' ; owner stands by criticism <sec> trainer says california chrome wo n't be in any pain while his injury gets treated .  injury is not `` deep , '' trainer art sherman says .  owner continues to blast rules of the belmont stake .
 hookers for jesus founder , christian rocker wed in vegas <sec> the bride : annie lobért , a former prostitute and founder of hookers for jesus .  the groom : musician oz fox , longtime member of the christian band stryper .  couple wed in south las vegas in front of an applauding crowd and a web audience .  lobért 's mission : to save the souls of women who sell their bodie .
 u.s. to investigate tour bus industry following new york crash <sec> sen. schumer : ntsb investigation will yield greater safety standards .  rep. velazquez : probe will restore consumer confidence in low-cost tour buses .  n.y. governor has ordered investigation into how the driver got a commercial license .  two passengers have filed multimillion-dollar lawsuit .
 second qantas jet returns to singapore after engine trouble <sec> new : passenger says he saw flames outside the jet 's left-side window .  qantas passenger jet lands safely in singapore .  australian transport safety bureau has deployed investigators to singapore .  boeing 747-400 is the second jet to return there as a result of engine trouble in two day .
 does the new ipad have an overheating problem ? <sec> some owners of the new ipad complain the device becomes uncomfortably hot during use .  consumer reports tests show temperatures as high as 116 degrees fahrenheit while running video game .  apple : `` the new ipad ( operates ) well within our thermal specifications .
 novak djokovic backlash 'all part of being boris becker ' <sec> boris becker says he was surprised by criticism .  appointed novak djokovic 's coach in december 2013 .  german says djokovic 's wimbledon win silenced doubters .  victory returned serbian to no . .  1 ranking ahead of u.s. ope .
 good as gold : how consumers and banks still rely on it <sec> gold has been a commodity that investors have relied on in uncertain times .  northern finland is the site of europe 's largest gold mine .  central banks and consumers have kept the demand for gold stron .
 opinion : paula deen 's alternate universe <sec> dorothy brown : `` 12 years a slave '' offered harrowing depiction of slavery 's horrors .  she says it 's troubling the manner in which some , like paula deen , still talk about slavery .  the celebrity chef wants to make comeback . .  but listen to her words in nyt interview .  brown : deen 's words show bizarre misreading of slavery 's damage . .  she should apologiz .
