 life after basketball takes former players down different paths <sec> the ncaa penalizes schools with low academic achievement rates .  2011 champ connecticut will miss next year 's postseason .  joe fulce went to marquette where he says he got a lot of academic support .  former uconn center jonathan mandeldove says he lost sight of his educational goal .
 boy rescued from south dakota river ; 2 who tried to save him are not <sec> a 6-year-old boy and two others fall into waters in a sioux falls park .  the boy is rescued , but the two others -- one of them his sister -- are n't .  authorities find the sister 's body friday ; they 're still looking for the man .  `` everybody here is essentially eyes on the water , '' a fire chief says of the searc .
 china celebrates 30 years of economic reform <sec> deng xiaoping was the architect of the economic reform movement in 1978 .  reforms opened country up economically to the outside world .  in 30 years china has maintained an average annual growth rate of 9.8 percent .  china is now the world 's fourth-largest econom .
 will jeremy lin 's success end stereotypes ? <sec> timothy yu : espn posted article about jeremy lin with a headline that was obviously racist .  yu : media stereotypes of asian-americans are frequently ignored and shrugged off .  he says that even though espn took quick action , it 's because lin is a big story right now .  yu : lin 's success wo n't end racism , but people will begin to see asian-americans differentl .
 air france : missing plane probably crashed into atlantic <sec> ceo : `` several pieces of aircraft equipment were at fault or had broken down '' .  passenger jet carrying 228 people disappears off coast of brazil , airline says .  air france says jet may have suffered electrical problems after hitting storm .  expert says plane is extremely popular with airline .
 south korean prime minister resigns over ferry disaster response <sec> new : `` please come together as one for the recovery efforts , '' prime minister says .  chung announces : `` i should take responsibility for everything '' .  187 bodies from the ferry have been found , 115 are still missing .  rescuers find 48 girls crammed into one room ; 50 more may be in other roo .
 how art propels occupy wall street <sec> michele elam says art is emerging as potent tool of occupy wall street movement .  she says this especially true of shepard fairey poster that recalls black power imagery .  she says image links movement to long history of marginalized people striving for equity .  elam : art serving social function in occupy as it urges interracial unity , galvanizes social chang .
 passengers report scare on earlier us airways flight 1549 <sec> three say us airways flight 1549 nearly made emergency landing earlier last week .  two days before last week 's crash-landing , passengers report loud bang on flight .  one passenger says he sent a text message to his wife : `` i love you .
 singapore : american arrested for criminal complaint <sec> new : singapore embassy says american was arrested for criminal allegations .  former college football player kamari charlton could get three strokes , lawyers say .  he overstayed his visa to stay in singapore by 169 days .  charlton was in the country with his wife , who was on a medical vis .
 what james carville does n't get about republicans <sec> democrat james carville said republicans have a disaster on their hands .  ari fleischer says carville misses the appeal of newt gingrich to working class .  he says the former speaker can tap into widespread dissatisfaction with obama .  fleischer : gingrich could blow up his chances , but it 's possible he could wi .
 ex-child-soldier : 'shooting became just like drinking a glass of water ' <sec> ishmael beah was a child soldier during the sierra leonean civil war .  beah now works as a u.n. goodwill ambassador for children affected by war .  he hopes to act as an inspiration for child soldiers recovering from forced conflict experience .
 study : pill as good as chemo for some patients <sec> study compared pill iressa and iv-chemotherapy drug taxotere .  patients taking iressa mainly experienced skin rashes and/or mild diarrhea .  patients on taxotere had many more severe side effects , including hair loss .  experts : unknown whether fda will allow new patients to be treated with iress .
 'the interview ' : hollywood 's surrender ( opinion ) <sec> after anonymous threats , movie exhibitors and sony canceled `` the interview '' .  jeff yang says it 's a complete surrender and has grave implications for media .  he says a precedent is now set for other saboteurs to kill free expressio .
 grocery ceo resigns after arrest in child prostitution sting <sec> michael gilliland founded wild oats market .  he reportedly resigned as ceo of sunflower farmers market .  he faces a charge of felony child prostitutio .
 'octomom ' nadya suleman pleads not guilty to welfare charges <sec> the mother of 14 is accused of taking welfare money while earning cash as a stripper .  nadya suleman pleaded not guilty friday .  her topless dancing and adult film work was no secret last year .  welfare fraud charges could bring more than five years in priso .
 artificial pancreas could be 'holy grail ' for type 1 diabetics <sec> with type 1 diabetics , the pancreas makes very little or no insulin .  artificial pancreas mimics the glucose regulating function of a healthy pancreas .  device has not yet been approved by the u.s. food and drug administratio .
 porto fined by uefa for racist chants aimed at man city 's mario balotelli <sec> porto fined $ 26,344 for 'racist conduct ' by their fans in europa league tie .  manchester city stars mario balotelli and yaya toure target of chants .  city won match at estadio do dragao and went through 6-1 on aggregat .
 mexican drug lord sentenced in u.s . <sec> sentence handed down wednesday after drug kingpin 's earlier guilty plea .  fbi : cardenas guillen in 1999 threatened to kill an undercover sheriff 's deputy .  he also threatened the lives of two u.s. agent .
 coroner rules dingo to blame for australian baby 's death <sec> azaria chamberlain disappeared from a tent more than 30 years ago .  lindy chamberlain-creighton claimed her baby had been taken by a dingo .  prosecutors convinced a jury she was guilty of murder ; conviction later quashed .  mom 's reaction : `` relieved and delighted to come to the end of this saga .
 i got married for health insurance <sec> after living together for months , couple marries to get him health insurance .  they were denied a domestic partnership by state of illinois .  he was student , but university insurance was too costly .  bride now feels like member of some coveted club , a higher-class citize .
 all women found slain in east cleveland identified <sec> relatives tell cnn names of women whose bodies were found in bags last weekend .  they are angela deskins , shirellda terry and shetisha sheeley .  officials say they fear there may be more victim .
 u.n. report alleges widespread killings by kenyan police <sec> report : police death squads operate on the orders of senior officials .  calls for resignation of attorney general , replacement of police commissioner .  philip alston accuses security forces of killing hundreds of men in 2008 crackdown .  kenya questions investigator 's `` approach , conduct and method of work .
 in voting , the early bird skips the line <sec> in 2004 , 22 % of americans voted early and that rate rose to 34 % in 2008 .  early voting has changed the times when voters hit the polls , and changed the way campaigns run .  while voters are taking advantage of early voting , impact on turnout is mixed and can cost governments more .  400,000 voters were disenfranchised in 2008 because they improperly filled out their absentee ballot .
 latin america tempts interns <sec> international graduates and students look to latin america for internship experience to bolster their resumes .  they say they are being lured here by the regionâ´s relatively strong and stable economies .  intern and law graduate mary bonsor : it 's just a great experience to try and learn as much as i can her .
 nick selby 's georgia tech welcome speech stuns freshmen <sec> sophomore 's enthusiastic welcome speech stuns freshmen .  video of the epic speech is going viral .  selby played theme from `` 2001 : a space odyssey '' as the soundtrack to his speech .  selby : `` you can do that ! .  i am doing that ! .
 typhoon chanthu weakens as it makes landfall in southern china <sec> new : typhoon is downgraded as it crosses over land .  chanthu is the third typhoon of the season .  the storm is drenching a region already devastated by flood .
 lawyer : dr. conrad murray 's 'confident ' about appeal <sec> rulings limiting the defense case could be a basis for appeal , defense says .  the defense will ask for probation and `` maybe a little bit '' of jail time .  prison overcrowding could limit murray 's time behind bars .  murray is 'devastated ' by his conviction in jackson 's death , his lawyer say .
 culture and pancakes -- moscow 's best seasonal events <sec> moscow hosts a wealth of cultural events as well as traditional outdoor festivities .  round , golden blini ( pancakes ) are the real stars of the maslenitsa festival .  the golden mask festival has the best in russian contemporary culture .  december 's winter festival features sleigh rides , snowmen and ice sculpture .
 lindsay lohan 's probation revoked , arrest warrant issued <sec> lohan used twitter to acknowledge she failed a drug test .  the actress must appear in court friday .  the judge warned lohan any failed tests would mean a return to jai .
 libyan rebels repel fierce attack by government forces on misrata <sec> at a field hospital , doctors did n't take the time to count the dozens of wounded .  letter purportedly from gadhafi appeals to `` the great democracy '' for assistance .  sen. levin `` satisfied that gadhafi 's military has been severely degraded '' .  sen . .  sessions `` not sure we are acting with decisive abilities .
 damaged reactor may be leaking radioactive water , japan says <sec> new : japanese official says contaminated water overflow a threat .  plutonium found in small quantities on plant grounds .  power restored to no . .  3 reactor .  radioactive water , possible containment leak plague plan .
 nevada school shooting 911 call : 'i got a kid down who 's been shot ' <sec> witness : shooter yelled , `` why are you laughing at me ? '' .  `` there 's a kid with a gun , '' student tells 911 dispatchers .  slain teacher served in kuwait and afghanistan with the air national guard .  the two wounded students were in stable condition with non-life-threatening wounds , police sa .
 tsa : drunk fire-starter on plane in police custody <sec> a drunk passenger tried to set the curtains of a boeing 767 on fire .  zoltan lensky , 25 , a slovakian citizen , was on delta flight from atlanta to vienna .  he slapped a flight attendant 's hand when she refused to provide more booze .  lensky was handed over to authorities in vienna when the flight lande .
 alleged mastermind behind elizabeth smart kidnapping to stand trial <sec> brian david mitchell 's attorneys will use insanity defense .  appeals court upholds judge 's decision not to move trial .  report : jury pool narrowed down to about 20 .
 for young muslims , hajj pilgrimage reawakens islamic values <sec> more young muslims embarking on islamic pilgrimage than ever before .  2011 hajj could be a flashpoint for global islamic revival .  pilgrimage is a defining moment in the life of muslims .  follow ireporters as they complete their haj .
 asiana crash victims sue boeing <sec> asiana airlines flight 214 crashed in san francisco over the summer .  a law firm representing the plaintiffs wants to hold boeing partly liable .  three people were killed and more than 180 were hur .
 doctors without borders staffer has ebola <sec> madrid hospital : another nurse assistant being observed for possible ebola .  authorities are monitoring about 50 people .  the assistant became first person to contract ebola outside africa during this outbreak .  doctors without borders norwegian staffer has ebola , organization say .
 some sinkhole-wrecked corvettes at kentucky museum may not get fixed <sec> no major repairs have begun on corvettes recovered from a giant sinkhole .  worse-than-expected damage to priceless chevrolets prompts strategy shift .  museum board member : restoration of some cars now `` may not be possible '' .  board considers which cars to save and whether to use independent restorer .
 13 ways to decorate your phone , inside and out <sec> the new colored iphones are no reason to stop accessorizing .  custom iphone cases do n't have to stop at phones : they can be guitars .  decorate the inside of your iphone as well with a custom wallpape .
 ronaldo lifts real madrid to top spot <sec> ronaldo scores 22nd goal of league campaign as real madrid beat granada 2-0 .  madrid assume top spot ahead of barcelona and atletico who both play sunday .  napoli draw with chievo verona 1-1 in serie .
 hope on egypt 's hair-raising road toward democracy <sec> ellen lust : egypt in bumpy transition ; daily tahrir square goes from festive to combative .  she says some there worry democracy might not be worth it ; social conflicts so challenging .  she says optimism has faded for many in face of worries over economy and islamist control .  lust : still , egypt has essentials for democracy : strong nationalism , faith in election .
 energy giant finds source of north sea gas leak <sec> the elgin platform leak is not underwater , energy firm total says .  total evacuated the rig in the north sea after the leak sunday .  experts are deciding whether leak will stop on its own , or if action is needed .  initial fears of an explosion may be unfounded , an oceanographer say .
 del potro and safina progress at indian wells <sec> juan martin del potro beats radek stepanek to reach second round at indian wells .  former world no . .  4 defeats czech opponent 6-4 6-0 in opening match .  american donald young wins first match at master series level to earn clash with andy murray .  dinara safina into second round after former world no . .  1 beats arantxa parra santonj .
 women who bounced back from failure <sec> failing seems to carry less stigma than in the past .  a number of notable people have even championed failure as a learning experience .  cnn asked the linkedin community how they coped with failur .
 analysis : in this battle with mladic , women of srebrenica hold the edge <sec> ratko mladic seems almost eager to fight all comers to the bitter end , says nic robertson .  robertson : the women of srebrenica occupy the moral high ground in this battle .  in bosnia , the war is an awkward topic and a bane to the nation 's future , he says .  robertson : if justice is n't sufficient , then bosnians will be hostage to their histor .
 five women to watch at wimbledon <sec> serena williams is a hot favorite to win this year 's wimbledon .  she will face tough competition from maria sharapova and petra kvitova .  young stars sloane stephens and laura robson are also expected to create a buz .
 justin bieber egging 'a silly prank , ' not a felony , lawyers argue <sec> prosecutors must decide if egging is prosecuted as a felony or a misdemeanor .  bieber attorneys met with prosecutors tuesday to argue egging was `` a silly prank '' .  l.a. county sheriff 's detectives are pushing for a felony charge .  bieber sold his calabasas home to khloe kardashian and has moved ou .
 'going green : eco pioneers ' -- on cnn <sec> cnn international 's going green is back with new special on eco pioneers .  see `` going green '' for stories , tune into television special from october 1 .  half-hour special profiles four environmental pioneers on four continent .
 police chase ends in crash that kills 7 , hurts 8 <sec> the victims , who may be undocumented immigrants , are from guatemala and honduras .  the driver is among those injured , a spokesman says .  truck slams into a security barrier at the kingsville , texas , naval air station .  it was being chased by police at the time , another spokesman say .
 social security number study raises fears <sec> social security numbers fall into patterns , study says .  numbers can be guessed if person has your birth date , state where you were born .  government says this information has been available ; no codes have been cracked .  numbers are now assigned at birth , but in future will be assigned randoml .
 lupita nyong'o joins 'star wars ' cast <sec> nyong'o 's casting was announced monday .  `` game of thrones '' star also joining cast .  nyong'o tweeted the good new .
 what 's behind the grin of yue minjun ? <sec> artist yue minjun is the man behind the grinning face paintings in chinese art .  his work is deeply affected by the rapid changes in china and events in 1989 .  his work set a world record price for contemporary chinese art in 200 .
 u.s. flies b-52s over south korea <sec> north korea describes the move as as `` unpardonable provocation '' .  heavy bombers taking part in u.s.-south korea exercises .  pentagon : missions show `` u.s. commitment to the security of our allies and partners '' .  b-52s flying from base on gua .
 justice department will not reopen kent state shootings case <sec> the 1970 shootings left four student protesters dead ; nine others were wounded .  a former student says audio recordings provide evidence of an order to fire .  the justice department found the recording inconclusiv .
 'bars for ramadan ' list sparks protest in dubai <sec> time out dubai 's list of bars open during ramadan has upset emiratis .  an online campaign against the publication has emerged on twitter .  readers felt the concept of promoting drinking during ramadan was offensive .  many western residents of the emirate felt the response was overblow .
 diplomat : syria risking arab league sanctions <sec> sanctions considered by the arab league would hurt the syrian people -- state media .  u.n. committee against torture says it is deeply concerned by reports of torture of children .  turkey 's foreign minister says syria must choose between cooperation and isolation .  an arab league deadline passes without a response from syria , a diplomat say .
 boeing marks milestone with1,500th 747 <sec> german airline lufthansa takes delivery of 1,500th boeing 747 -- a major landmark for large passenger jets .  747 is credited with ushering in an era of mass tourism by making air travel more affordable .  the aircraft 's milestone comes at a time when aviation industry is moving away from large aircraf .
 venezuela recovers remains from wreckage of missoni 's plane <sec> investigators are still collecting information necessary to identify the bodies .  venezuela 's attorney general says remains of five people have been recovered .  crews combed the wreckage site last week in three dive .
 50 cent turns waiter for sandy <sec> 50 cent served food to new yorkers affected by superstorm sandy .  he worked with a coalition of nonprofits to make sure those still struggling could enjoy a meal .  rapper is on a mission to eradicate hunge .
 dave matthews makes ( and talks ) history <sec> new album is sixth consecutive studio one to debut at number one on the billboard 200 chart .  no other group in billboard history has achieved that mark .  matthews says he is concerned whether president obama can win re-electio .
 egg company allowed to resume shipping from two barns <sec> fda gives approval for wright county egg to sell eggs from two henhouses .  the iowa company has taken steps to combat salmonella .  it will work with fda to correct problems at other facilitie .
 cindy mccain : john mccain speaks truth , at any cost <sec> cindy mccain : america needs someone of unusual strength and character to lead .  cindy mccain : `` someone exactly like my husband '' .  mccain served in washington without becoming a washington insider , she say .
 do n't call it `` my big fat greek baby '' <sec> nia vardalos wrote the runaway hit movie `` my big fat greek wedding '' .  her struggle with infertility and the adoption of her child inspired the book `` instant mom '' .  she wrote the book to advocate for foster care and adoption after her experiences .  vardalos says that going from red carpet to kid duty is n't seamles .
 dressed up and ready to go : the inaugural date night one senator saved <sec> seattle couple was shut out of inaugural ball tickets after ticket vendor mix-up .  sen. patty murray heard about the story and offered them ball tickets .  spokesman : `` she told staff that she thought 'their enjoyment was the best use of my tickets .
