 mandela is at home and alert , wants rumors about death to stop , relative says <sec> nelson mandela is doing well at home , his granddaughters tell cnn .  they say mandela is aware of rumors on social media that he is close to death .  he and his family want the rumors to sto .
 life in the rubble of kobani <sec> civilians under siege from isis eke out a life in the rubble of kobani .  isis fires gas canisters packed with metal shards on kurdish civilian areas .  civilians use cushions to protect themselves from isis fire .  children play in a makeshift graveyard in the devastated cit .
 cnn fact check : did ryan get obama 's gm speech right ? <sec> paul ryan criticizes '08 barack obama quote about gm plant .  most of wisconsin plant 's production stopped months after statement ; all production stopped in '09 .  earlier this month , ryan incorrectly said obama broke a promise .  ryan cleaned up account at convention , but important context still missin .
 mystery of body parts in suitcase grows ; suspect dies <sec> mark andrus died on saturday , the medical examiner 's office says .  police booked him on suspicion of murder after finding dismembered body parts in a suitcase .  he was released from custody last week ; no charges were filed against hi .
 opinion : the real crisis in america 's ers <sec> most emergency rooms are not staffed or equipped for dental problems .  the percentage of working-age adults with dental benefits is declining .  the affordable care act provides little relief .  hospitals are creating referral programs to get patients to dentist .
 obama : u.s. , saudi arabia have 'strategic relationship ' <sec> new : president obama says u.s. , saudi arabia `` have a long history of friendship '' .  obama wants to repair u.s. image in mideast , muslim community .  president 's speech in egypt will call for open dialogue with muslims .  middle east observer say muslims want to see action from obam .
 u.s. : chinese targeted religious groups before olympics <sec> myanmar , north korea , iran , sudan , eritrea , saudi arabia , uzbekistan `` blacklisted '' .  tibetan region and in xinjiang province in china stepped up oppression of muslims .  state department : china detained foreigners for their religio .
 priebus : 2016 win requires 'about perfect ' gop campaign <sec> reince priebus says he 'll likely seek a third term as rnc chairman .  he says the gop will need to be `` about perfect '' in order to win the white house in 2016 .  priebus says the gop will keep their field offices already in place in presidential battleground state .
 nba team owner in hot water over racist comments attributed to him <sec> new : nba commissioner says `` we will move extraordinarily quickly '' .  tmz posts audio allegedly of clippers owner donald sterling arguing with his girlfriend .  clippers president questions recording ; suggests a woman was `` getting even '' .  clippers coach says he is dismayed by comments ; sterling wo n't attend sunday 's gam .
 zelaya to get safe passage to dominican republic <sec> jose manuel zelaya has been at the brazilian embassy in honduras .  zelaya , family , members of inner circle will head to the dominican republic as guests .  `` this is an exit with dignity , '' dominican republic president says .  zelaya , ousted in a coup , indicated he may end up in mexic .
 naked harry scandal a watershed moment for uk press <sec> publication of naked photos of britain 's prince harry leave uk media in a quandary .  scandal-hit newspapers are wary of sailing too close to the wind after leveson inquiry .  `` unacceptable to photograph individuals in private places '' : editor 's code of conduct .  pictures are widely available on the internet , but uk papers have yet to publish the .
 five things we learned from back-to-back debates <sec> romney 's opponents step up their attacks over the weekend .  social issues will play a large role in south carolina .  gingrich , romney tout their bipartisan efforts .  paul repeats harsh criticism to opponents ' face .
 ioc selects three cities as candidates for 2020 olympic games <sec> istanbul , tokyo and madrid made the cut .  doha in qatar and baku in azerbaijan did not .  selection of host city will take place on september 7 , 201 .
 google 's new app store : are you confused yet ? <sec> google this week unveiled its chrome web store .  the company anticipates a future in which a web browser is all a computer user will need .  google has essentially launched an app store for devices that do n't exist in public ye .
 robinho joins manchester city for british record fee <sec> manchester city sign robinho from real madrid in the £32.5m ( $ 58m ) deal .  brazilian star , 24 , had been expected to join rival premier league side chelsea .  transfer deadline day deal came after city were taken over by abu dhabi group .  city also bid for dimitar berbatov , but bulgarian opted to join manchester utd .
 11 new hotel wonders <sec> each suite at hotel consolación has a sliding glass wall that opens onto a private terrace .  the southern ocean lodge consists of 21 suites cascading down a windswept slope .  the yas viceroy hotel was the first to be built straddling a formula 1 racetrac .
 opinion : every day should be veterans day <sec> veterans day is sunday , november 11 .  `` veterans do n't always ask for help . .  there 's a lot of pride , '' says head of aid group .  there are ways to honor veterans every da .
 on immigration , obama is urged to work with congress <sec> two top lawmakers say obama should drop plan for executive action to get immigration reform .  issue should be dealt with legislatively , says sen. dianne feinstein .  `` he needs to work with congress on this , '' says rep. mike rogers .  obama said saturday he would delay any action on immigration until after midterm election .
 atp finals defeat frustrates federer <sec> juan martin del potro beats roger federer to claim semifinal place in atp world tour finals .  argentine 's three-set victory ends the hopes of spain 's world no . .  5 david ferrer .  ferrer finishes on a high note as he beats janko tipsarevic in final round-robin match .  federer will face andy murray in sunday 's semifinals , while del potro plays novak djokovi .
 katrina documentary 'trouble the water ' vies for oscar <sec> ninth ward couple captures on video horrors of hurricane katrina and flood waters .  the new orleans footage is used in oscar-nominated film , `` trouble the water '' .  filmmakers tia lessin and carl deal hope to inspire action .  originally `` fueled by a sense of outrage , '' the story is about `` hope and survival .
 pakistani military claims taliban casualties climbing <sec> pakistani military says dozens of taliban fighters have been killed .  an unknown number of civilians have also been killed and injured .  officials expect as many as 500,000 civilians to flee the swat valle .
 nazi charges could bring extradition of 89-year-old philadelphia man <sec> johann ( john ) breyer long ago admitted he was a perimeter guard at auschwitz .  but he said he had no involvement in camp deaths or cremations .  two governments -- the u.s. and germany -- say he had to have been involved .  breyer , now 89 , is charged with complicity in the deaths of thousands at the cam .
 airline says pilot was n't warned of plane he hit at fla. airport <sec> spirit says pilot not advised about presence of other aircraft .  airbus a320 's wingtip clips the tail of a parked plane in south florida .  accident occurred at fort lauderdale-hollywood international airpor .
 australian shark attack victim remembered as 'one of a kind ' <sec> new : `` i think it was just wrong place , wrong time , '' the victim 's sister says .  george thomas wainwright died while scuba diving .  his mother says his body is expected in florida in about four days .  authorities believe the man was killed by a great white off the australian coas .
 no bomb in package detonated near greek parliament , police say <sec> a suspicious package found outside a bank was not a bomb , authorities say .  a parcel found earlier at a courier office was a bomb , police say .  the two suspects in the case appear before a prosecutor but do n't testify .  greek authorities believe the letter bombs are the work of a local grou .
 qantas ' a380 fleet to remain grounded , ceo says <sec> `` slight anomalies '' found in airbus aircraft 's rolls-royce engines .  the discovery has prompted further investigations .  safety is top priority , qantas ceo alan joyce say .
 mansion used in 'the godfather ' up for sale <sec> the mansion featured in the 1972 film `` the godfather '' is for sale .  owner jim norton put the staten island home on the market after his father passed away .  the cast featured marlon brando , diane keaton and al pacin .
 marissa mayer : six life lessons from yahoo ceo <sec> yahoo 's new ceo marissa mayer spent 13 years at google .  we 've collected some of the career and life philosophies that have helped mayer to the top .  having hobbies and imposing constraints can encourage creativity , she says .  mayer : `` i always did something i was a little not ready to do . .  i think that 's how you grow . .
 opinion : did the u.s. tune out for the paralympics ? <sec> swimmer mallory weggemann won gold in the women 's s8 50m freestyle .  the 23-year-old also took bronze as part of the 4 x 100m medley relay 34 points .  weggemann hopes to raise the profile of the paralympic movement in the u.s . .  the u.s. sent a team of 227 people to the london 2012 paralympic game .
 city bankers bow to pressure dress down <sec> fearing protesters bankers dressed down for work in london today .  banks and businesses in the city warned employees not to wear suits .  some said bankers remained conspicuous despite attempts to dress casually .  `` we are not pansies , '' said one defiant city worker , still wearing a sui .
 federer downs del potro to capture second rotterdam title <sec> roger federer defeats juan martin del potro to win world tennis tournament in rotterdam .  world no . .  3 beats argentinian 6-1 6-4 in one hour and 26 minutes to seal victory .  it is federer 's second rotterdam title , seven years after first triumph .  spain 's nicolas almagro defends brazil open title beating italy 's filippo volandr .
 ugandan opposition leader is in kenya for medical treatment <sec> kizza besigye is suffering from temporary blindness and serious bruising , his sister says .  an assistant to besigye says the opposition leader is in serious condition .  besigye was hit with pepper spray and was arrested on thursday in kampala .  the ugandan president says that besigye attacked police with pepper spray firs .
 thousands attend funeral for murdered newlywed <sec> michaela harte-mcareavey was strangled on her honeymoon in mauritius .  she is buried in her wedding dress at the church where she got married .  ireland 's president and top churchman lead mourners .  bishop : nothing in husband 's young life could have prepared him for ordea .
 democrats have already won the midterms ( opinion ) <sec> sally kohn : midterm elections are also a gauge for trends and party trajectories .  kohn : by that measure , democrats have won on issues and policies that matter to the public .  she says gop 's war on women have turned off voters ; some republicans act desperate .  kohn : democrats will likely prevail in elections down the road , which is the ultimate victor .
 laura bush in memoir : george and i may have been poisoned <sec> new york times : book says she and husband became ill , husband bedridden , in germany .  laura bush says 1963 car crash in texas that killed schoolmate caused loss of faith .  criticism of president from senate majority leader , house speaker graceless , she says .  mrs. bush says her mother-in-law , barbara bush , can be `` ferociously tart-tongued .
 woman in las vegas seeking cosmetic surgery dies , pair charged <sec> new : the victim 's daughter says her mother was injected by one suspect .  new : a suspect says the woman left off after getting a buttocks injection .  two colombian nationals have been charged with murder in las vegas .  they were caught as they were about to board a plane for south americ .
 report : more than half of seniors now use the web <sec> pew : more than half of u.s. seniors now use the internet .  still , two-thirds of seniors either do n't use web or do n't use it every day .  a divide is increasingly significant as more services go digita .
 transracial adoptions : a 'feel good ' act or no 'big deal ' ? <sec> impassioned readers weigh in on transracial adoption amid sandra bullock news .  white woman adopted by black mother would n't change a thing , despite challenges .  `` love is not enough , '' expert says ; adoptive parents must make life changes .  when it comes to kids figuring out identity , `` race is just part of it , '' father say .
 chilean official among 11 killed in helicopter crash <sec> 11 of 12 people on helicopter were killed , including chile 's national police chief .  incident occurred during the afternoon in a commercial zone of panama city .  witnesses said a blade of the rotor hit a three-story building .  no cause of the crash was immediately identifie .
 woody allen 's lawyer blames 'vengeful lover ' for sex abuse controversy <sec> dylan farrow accuses woody allen of sexually abusing her when she was 7 .  `` the one to blame for dylan 's distress is neither dylan nor woody allen , '' his lawyer says .  the controversy began in 1992 amid revelations that allen was dating soon-yi previn .  a criminal investigation ended with no charges against woody alle .
 three hockey enforcers die young in four months , raising questions <sec> wade belak , who retired this year , is found dead at age 35 .  he is the third nhl player known for fighting to die in recent months .  the league has a program to help players with behavioral problem .
 will `abenomics ' lift japan from recession ? <sec> japan unveiled a $ 117 billion fiscal stimulus package friday in bid to boost growth .  new prime minister shinzo abe has promised aggressive action on recessionary economy .  abe is the seventh prime minister in seven years to confront japan 's economic woes .  analyst : `` good news is going to be coming from in japan the next six to nine months .
 another north korean overture amid kim rumors <sec> north and south korea hold their highest-level meeting in seven years .  recent tension springs in part from propaganda balloons south activists flew over north .  a south korean spokesman described the meeting as a kind of goodwill measure .  meeting is latest unusual n. korea move at a time its leader has n't been see .
 ivanovic continues revival with fourth title of 2014 <sec> ana ivanovic beats caroline wozniacki in tokyo final .  fourth title of the year for former no.1 ivanovic .  victoria azarenka to miss rest of the year with foot injury .  venus williams beaten in the first round in wuha .
 police kill teen : why wisconsin 's probe is different <sec> wisconsin state investigators -- not local police -- will investigate tony robinson 's killing by officer .  wisconsin and connecticut are the only states that require independent probes in such cases .  12 states have pending legislation requiring outside entities to examine police involved shooting .
 lightning strikes outside nascar race , kills 1 <sec> rain cuts the pennsylvania 400 short .  jeff gordon wins after the race is stopped on the 98th lap .  fans were told to take cover as a storm approache .
 baseball great lenny dykstra pleads guilty to federal bankruptcy fraud <sec> three-time all-star lenny dykstra pleads guilty to three felonies .  he now faces a maximum of 20 years in federal prison .  his fraud and money laundering arise from his personal bankruptcy in 2009 .  he was named `` nails '' for his clutch homer that rallied the mets to beat the red sox in '86 world serie .
 father blames israeli military in palestinian teens ' deaths <sec> may 15 marks the `` nakba '' exodus of palestinians after the 1948 arab-israeli war .  during protests in the west bank this year , two palestinian youths were shot dead .  israel 's military says the protest was extremely violent but that `` no live fire was shot '' .  but one of the dead teenager 's fathers alleges his son was `` assassinated in cold blood .
 malcolm x killer freed after 44 years <sec> new : thomas hagan walks out of lincoln correctional facility at 11 a.m . .  hagan set free a day earlier than expected ; he 's the only confessed killer of malcolm x .  hagan , 69 , has been in a work-release program the past two decades .  hagan told parole board he killed malcolm x over his split with nation of isla .
 official : 50 % turnout through final day of egypt 's historic presidential vote <sec> new : a top egyptian election official reports 50 % turnout through the second day of voting .  new : he details the vote-counting procedures aimed at ensuring fairness and credibility .  if none of the 13 presidential candidates gets a majority , there will be a run-off .  the elections could help bring security to egypt 's people , a former u.n. official say .
 some food from mexico to face testing <sec> starting monday , authorities will intercept some food from mexico at the border .  sources say salmonella inquiry expanding to cilantro , peppers and scallions .  943 people in 40 states , the district of columbia , canada have become il .
 arctic thaw raises security concerns for nato <sec> nato meeting in iceland to discuss arctic security challenges .  thawing of arctic poses questions over who controls region 's resources .  number of countries laying claim to arctic due to untapped fossil fuel deposit .
 hundreds rescued from chinese floods <sec> dike bursts in river in china 's jiangxi province .  more than 1,000 people were rescued ; 35,000 fled area .  area already hit by deadly floods ; at least 199 dead , 123 missing .  total economic losses could reach 42.12 billion yuan ( $ 6.17 billion .
 bahrain crown prince insists grand prix will not bow to extremists <sec> bahrain crown prince salman bin hamad al khalifa insists grand prix will go ahead .  practice for sunday 's race takes place despite anti-government protests in gulf kingdom .  force india team decide no to race in second practice session to return to their team hotel .  mercedes ' nico rosberg is fastest during practice for sunday 's grand pri .
 missiles , bombs hawked at massive arms trade show <sec> vice goes inside a huge biennial weapons convention in amman , jordan .  over a week , 12,000 attendees peruse tents housing hundreds of arms manufacturers .  missiles , machine guns , tanks , and bombs are among the wares for sal .
 robin thicke is still trying to get paula patton back <sec> robin thicke has tried to win back his wife through song .  he 's made references to his break up with paula patton during performances .  his song `` get her back '' appears to be about his estranged wife .  he also thanked her at the billboard music award .
 army ranger , 29 , killed in afghanistan on 14th deployment <sec> new : coach says kristoffer domeij 's death has been hard on community .  domeij was one of 3 killed days ago while on a mission in kandahar province .  he joined the army in 2001 and became a ranger the next year .  his unit commander calls him `` irreplacable '' in combat and in lif .
 saudi arabia reports big jump in mers cases , including 282 deaths <sec> saudi arabia reports 282 deaths from mers since 2012 .  there are 688 cases over that time ; 353 of those diagnosed recovered .  mers originated on the arabian peninsula but has since spread .  cdc : the respiratory illness is deadly about 30 % of the tim .
 airline finds long-lost cat in airport <sec> american airlines says it has found jack the cat after two months of searching .  the feline became a facebook sensation after his owner vented online .  the cat was found at john f. kennedy international airport 's customs roo .
 'man vs. wild ' host injured in antarctic expedition <sec> adventurer and tv show host bear grylls injured his shoulder .  grylls was in antarctica on an expedition for charity .  host going to uk for treatment , discovery channel say .
 s. korean official : north 's lack of retaliation a political play <sec> south korean official calls north korea 's lack of retaliation `` political posturing '' .  official says seoul will adjust its defensive tactics , fearing less conventional attacks .  north 's consideration of multi-nation dialogue is significant , a professor says .  north korea issues stern warning but says retaliation was not necessar .
 pentagon finds iraq safer but iran a threat <sec> pentagon report assesses progress in iraq from september to november .  iran `` continues to ... oppose ... a fully secure and stable iraq '' by supporting militants .  report cites `` fragile '' improvements in economy , security , rule of law .  `` iraq remains fragile because ... power brokers do n't share a unified national vision .
 nasa 's nustar can see black hole bending light <sec> nasa 's nustar searches the galaxy looking for black holes .  the black hole known as markarian 335 is capturing and bending nearby x-ray light .  the event is literally shedding light on how einstein 's theory of relativity works in extreme .
 airline 's license suspended in nigeria crash ; data recorder found <sec> seven u.s. citizens died in the crash , the state department says .  nigerian aviation authorities suspend dana air 's license .  153 bodies have been recovered from the crash site .  pilot peter waxtan , a former spirit airlines captain , joined dana air in marc .
