 healthy school lunches face tough taste test <sec> usda : students eating more fruits and vegetables with lunch guidelines enacted in 2012 .  it says 90 % of schools are in compliance ; schools with more federal aid growing programs .  some schools with students who pay full price for lunches say they 're losing revenue .  usda says 1 million fewer students are eating federal lunches since 201 .
 jim morrison may win indecent exposure pardon 40 years on <sec> jim morrison was performing with the band in miami on march 1 , 1969 .  accused of shouting obscenities at crowd and then exposing himself .  sentenced to 6 months in prison but died in 1971 with his appeal pending .  outgoing florida governor charlie crist considering clemency reques .
 turbulent times for ailing qantas after record loss <sec> qantas reveals after-tax net loss of $ 2.6 billion ( a $ 2.8 billion ) for the year to june 30 .  high fuel costs , falling demand among reasons given by qantas ceo alan joyce .  airline has been beset by problems , including industrial action , domestic price wa .
 former model arrested in argentina on drug charges <sec> colombian angela sanclemente arrested at buenos aires hostel .  she is suspected head of international operation that uses models as drug mules .  interpol issued an international arrest warrant for sanclemente in march .  model 's mother arrives at hostel , tells media `` my daughter is innocent .
 searching for clues : the men of civil war submarine , the hunley <sec> genealogist tries to fill out details of doomed civil war submarine crew .  the hunley went down off south carolina after sinking a civil war vessel .  little was known about the eight men ; dna matches elusive for all but one .  did the captain carry gold coin from a romantic interest .
 opinion : what to watch on oscar night <sec> bob greene : why spend long hours watching people giving other people prizes ? .  greene : yet millions of people will watch the academy awards show on sunday night .  he says instead , pick three movies that have meant the most to you for a triple feature .  greene : they will remind you of why you started to love movies in the first plac .
 in concession , erdogan halts istanbul park plans , for now <sec> erdogan urges people to leave gezi park .  protesters chant , 'this is just the beginning ' .  prime minister meets with a coalition of protester .
 isis traps palestinian refugees in camp seizure <sec> isis and other rebel groups control most of the refugee camp , activists say .  `` never has the hour been more desperate '' in the camp , u.n. says .  `` '' reports of kidnappings , beheadings and mass killings , '' plo official say .
 fire tragedy a brutal wake-up call for small town <sec> fire killed five people , a 10-year-old boy faces murder and arson charges .  greenville , ohio , facing realities of poverty as jobs leave .  residents divided whether boy did it ; but united in desire to help tow .
 al qaeda gunmen kill french eu worker in yemen , officials say <sec> al qaeda gunmen targeted european union mission employees , officials say .  attack comes after yemen launched offensive against al qaeda .  `` this is open warfare , '' official say .
 official : u.s. airstrike in somalia targets suspected militant leader <sec> the u.s. has n't determined whether the strike 's target was killed .  the target is described as a `` senior leader '' affiliated with al qaeda and al-shabaab .  an october u.s. raid to capture an al-shabaab leader was aborte .
 ariel sharon : a life on front lines of war and politics <sec> sharon was a force in israel for decades .  many israelis saw him as a fearless leader .  palestinians viewed him as ruthles .
 ride operator in n.c. state fair incident denied reduced bail <sec> bail was kept at $ 225,000 while next court date was set for november 18 .  timothy dwayne tutterrow is charged with assault with a deadly weapon .  tutterow is from georgia but attorney argued he was n't a flight risk .  five people were hurt in the inciden .
 serbia join czech republic in davis cup final with comeback victory <sec> serbia to face czech republic in davis cup final in november .  serbia beat canada 3-2 in semifinal in belgrade .  novak djokovic and janko tipsarevic win final day singles matches .  britain return to the world group with win over croati .
 man who lost family finds peace in helping others <sec> robert rogers ' wife and four children died in flash flood five years ago .  rogers chose not to `` wallow in pity '' and became a minister with a message of hope .  his mission is to establish five orphanages in five continents to honor his family .  one named after his wife , melissa , exists in russia , another planned in rwand .
 u2 's bono released from hospital ; u.s. tour delayed <sec> new : band cancels glastonbury festival appearance scheduled for june . .  u2 lead singer bono discharged from hospital .  u2 's north american tour delayed until next year .  bono faces a minimum of 8 weeks of rehabilitatio .
 kosovar man seized , linked to terror plot <sec> man seized in kosovo , charged with providing material support to terrorists .  case that began in raleigh , north carolina 'stretches across globe ' .  suspect provided videos to recruit militant .
 nba 's grizzlies inspired by fans in flooded memphis <sec> memphis grizzlies are on an unlikely run in the nba playoffs .  players say they know how much the team 's success means to their flooded city .  grizzlies need to win friday night to avoid being eliminated from the playoff .
 nadal beats djokovic in thriller to reach rogers cup final <sec> rafael nadal edges novak djokovic at the rogers cup to reach the final .  the last time nadal beat djokovic on a hard court was three years ago .  he faces milos raonic in sunday 's final after raonic beat fellow canadian vasek pospisi .
 israel says gaza death toll lower than claimed <sec> israel : `` vast majority '' of palestinians killed in gaza were `` terror operatives '' .  military says number of people killed less than palestinian sources reported .  israel says 1,166 died , with 709 `` identified as hamas terror operatives .
 drew peterson guilty of murder in ex-wife 's death <sec> a top prosecutor says he 's confident the conviction will stand up against appeal .  drew peterson 's lawyers say their client is innocent and blast the prosecution 's case .  authorities re-examined kathleen savio 's death after stacy peterson went missing .  drew peterson , who 'd been married to both , is convicted of murder in savio 's 2004 deat .
 small plane crashes at big airport ; no one notices <sec> small plane crashes overnight at nashville international airport .  plane erupts in flames and lone person aboard is killed .  but wreckage is not discovered until well after sunrise .  this raises questions why no one in the tower noticed the cras .
 napa wine train in middle of stimulus fight <sec> u.s. senators claimed wine train received stimulus money .  cnn found stimulus funds are not used for the train ; money is for flood-control project .  sen. tom coburn 's spokesman calls project `` misplaced priority '' .  the latest on the controversy over the wine train on tonight 's `` ac 360° , '' 10 e .
 ahmadinejad denies calling for facebook ban <sec> mahmoud ahmadinejad says he did not call for a ban on facebook .  ahmadinejad : `` i believe in maximum freedom of expression '' .  ahmadinejad 's opponents are using new technology to spread message .  reformist candidate mir hossein mousavi created facebook page for campaig .
 mercenary jailed for coup plot <sec> new : british mercenary simon mann jailed for plotting a equatorial guinea coup .  mann testified he was `` junior '' in organization that plotted attempted coup .  mann implicated former friend mark thatcher in 2004 plot during testimon .
 readers : no way pets are getting left behind if disaster strikes <sec> superstorm sandy raises questions about what to do with pets when evacuating .  some fear people may hesitate to evacuate without their pets .  readers share stories of emergency situations with their pet .
 body of missing harvard student found <sec> body of missing harvard business school student pulled from portland harbor .  nathan bihlmaier , 31 , was missing since sunday ; he was to have graduated thursday .  police chief in portland says there 's no indication of foul play .  harvard business school dean says commencement activities will be `` bittersweet .
 why michelle obama inspires women around the globe <sec> michelle obama inspires women of color around the globe .  indian woman : 'she is a new face for india ' .  first lady 's dark skin and modest upbringing gives women hope .  german woman : 'she 's the perfect blend of power and civility .
 fans drunk in love with drinking jacket kickstarter <sec> pledges have topped $ 450,000 for the project .  the jacket is the brainchild of zane lamprey .  lamprey hosts a show about drinkin .
 nike releases lebron james decision video <sec> the 90-second video addresses james ' decision to move to miami .  `` miami vice '' star don johnson makes a cameo appearance .  nike also produced a video to help tiger woods ' imag .
 opinion : greeks prefer europe to its own politicians <sec> greeks preparing for fresh election after inconclusive may vote .  vote is seen as a test for whether greeks want to stay in the eurozone .  article 's author pierpaolo barbieri says most greeks want to remain .  greek 's currency crisis is threatening to cripple europe 's econom .
 u.s. , iraqi forces retake key oil refinery from isis <sec> iraqi and u.s.-led coalition forces say they retook a key refinery from isis .  peshmerga forces also report retaking terrain from isi .
 pakistan resumes executions of terrorists <sec> two convicted militants are hanged , say pakistani military sources .  these are the first civilian hangings since 2008 , according to amnesty international .  prime minister lifted death penalty moratorium after peshawar school massacre .  pakistani taliban militants killed 145 people , including 132 childre .
 charities accused of overvaluing donations <sec> several charities have valued donations much higher than their actual worth .  a charity said it sent $ 816,000 worth of medicine , but customs put the value at $ 2,500 .  some charities say there 's no uniform standard for reporting values .  but charitywatch says charities should report the amount they paid for donated item .
 reports : north korea releases south korean fishing boat <sec> reunions for divided families to be held from september 26 to october 1 .  agreement comes after three days of talks mediated by red cross .  talks were first cross-border contact between north and south in two year .
 democrats question strategy to avoid obama in 2014 <sec> some democratic strategists think candidates tried too hard to avoid the president .  president barack obama has a sagging approval rating nationally and in key states .  that said , some on the left think running away from a sitting president is a losing strategy .  republicans look poised to pick up the six seats they need to reclaim the senat .
 lawyers : fbi agents promised payments to family of attempted bomber <sec> defense lawyers say moroccan man was offered payments by undercover fbi agents .  amine el khalifi was arrested in february after taking possession of suicide vest , gun .  el khalifi is scheduled to be sentenced on frida .
 murray shrugs off 'fun ' distractions at u.s. open <sec> andy murray becomes first man through to third round at the u.s. open .  spanish fourth seed david ferrer eases through to second round .  eighth seed janko tipsarevic recovers from two sets down to go through .  he next faces brian baker , who wins first u.s. open match in seven year .
 michigan gop airs 'sharknado'-inspired ad <sec> the michigan gop is targeting democratic senate hopeful gary peters with a 'sharknado'-themed ad . .  the ad focuses on peters ' campaign contributions from a felon with ties to a loan sharking ring . .  peters ' campaign says he 's given back or donated those contributions .
 defense lawyer in afghanistan massacre known for hard-core cases <sec> john henry browne is representing soldier suspected in the afghanistan massacre .  the soldier is army staff sgt . .  robert bales , a military source says .  browne represented ted bundy and the `` barefoot bandit '' .  his style is `` a blend of charm and arrogance , spirituality and bravado , '' seattle times say .
 jetblue engine catches fire in san juan airport <sec> emergency slides were deployed .  jetblue flight 704 was headed to jfk in new york .  no injuries reporte .
 fifa step in to reform bosnia and herzegovina federation <sec> fifa have appointed a committee to reform the bosnia and herzegovina federation .  the ffbh was hit with an international ban on april 1 for failing to adapt fifa statutes .  the organization previously had a three-pronged presidential structur .
 fiesta time in the cuban capital <sec> hundreds of thousands march through havana on international workers ' day .  crowds pack the malecon seafront promenade for the havana carnival .  the international ballet festival attracts world-famous dance stars to the city .  legendary jazz maestro chucho valdes brings jazz to the cuban capita .
 indian firm complete takeover of english club blackburn <sec> indian poultry firm venky 's complete a takeover of blackburn rovers .  english club become first in the premier league 's history to have indian owners .  the deal ends the late jack walker 's long association with the clu .
 rob lowe wants to be president someday ( on film ) <sec> rob lowe recently starred in a lifetime movie about the casey anthony trial .  lowe 's also appearing as a political strategist in the indie film `` knife fight '' .  the actor is attached to a role he says he 's wanted to play for years : ulysses s. gran .
 father , son charged with threatening sarah palin , her family <sec> the two are arrested in philadelphia on thursday .  the two allegedly left messages about sexual assault on palin and death threats .  palin and her attorney had a restraining order against the tw .
 for boston bombing victims , death penalty decision a 'step forward ' <sec> bombing victim : dzhokhar tsarnaev deserves the death penalty .  prosecutors argue tsarnaev acted in a `` depraved manner , '' lacks remorse .  tsarnaev 's mother : `` we are ... sickened about our child '' .  toobin : defense will weigh whether to ask for change of venu .
 morocco bus crash kills 35 , mostly children <sec> most of the victims were children , according to reports .  condolence messages appear online with images of boys in soccer uniforms .  the bus collided with a fuel tanker near the southern moroccan city of tan-ta .
 thriller novelist vince flynn dead at 47 <sec> vince flynn was the author of the popular mitch rapp series .  the series is slated to be made into a movie .  flynn had been battling prostate cance .
 sochi paralympics : two skiers become one <sec> kelly gallagher and charlotte evans will be competing at the sochi winter paralympics .  the skiers enter the games in good form , claiming top spot in a recent super-combined race .  gallagher is visually impaired and evans became her guide after a serious knee injury .  gallagher says of her native northern ireland : `` we have hills but we do n't have mountains . .
 why taking risks comes easily to editor tina brown <sec> bold moves have made tina brown one of the most influential magazine editors of a generation .  she ended print-run of newsweek , making it an all digital magazine alongside news website the daily beast .  can she continue her magazine success in a digital media world .
 fawcett told candy spelling : 'i 'm going to be all right ' <sec> candy spelling talks about the `` angel '' her late husband made famous .  aaron spelling produced `` charlie 's angels '' featuring farrah fawcett .  fawcett , the subject of an upcoming documentary , is fighting cance .
 flo rida arrested on dui charge <sec> the rap artist was driving erratically in miami beach , police say .  `` i had a few drinks , '' rapper said , according to the arrest report .  flo rida is known for the hits `` low '' and `` in the ayer .
 hundreds of drivers were stuck for hours in kentucky <sec> some motorists still stuck on interstate .  kentucky governor says state officials did everything they could in advance .  motorists also had been stranded on interstate 24 near paducah , kentuck .
 china threatens sanctions over u.s. arms deal <sec> china considers sanctions against u.s. companies over arms deal with taiwan .  china has suspended u.s. military visits , postponed arms control meeting .  sale includes black hawk helicopters , air defense missiles , mine-hunting ship .
 city attorney : officer violated policy tasering georgia woman <sec> new : a city attorney says an officer violated policy when he tasered a georgia woman in april .  janice wells says a prowler was at the house , while police say she complained of an unwanted guest .  a man who was there with her at the scene left .  when she refused to give the man 's name , police tried to arrest he .
 owner of nba 's washington wizards dies <sec> abe pollin was 85 years old .  pollin and his wife have owned the wizards , formerly known as the bullets , for 45 years .  pollin also once owned washington capitals hockey team .  survived by wife , two sons and two granddaughters , according to web sit .
 3 found guilty in florida a & m ; hazing death <sec> florida a & m drum major robert champion died in 2011 after a hazing ritual aboard a bus .  a jury convicted the last three defendants of manslaughter and hazing with the result of deat .
 charles taylor 's team rests case in war crimes trial <sec> defense called 21 witnesses in former president 's war crimes trial .  charles taylor took the stand in july 2009 , has pleaded not guilty .  taylor is charged with crimes against humanity , including murder , sexual slavery .  verdict is expected in mid-201 .
 daylight saving time : do n't forget to spring forward <sec> set your clocks forward today .  daylight saving started sunday at 2 a.m. and runs through the first sunday in november .  about 70 countries observe daylight savin .
 4 fishermen dead , 12 missing as typhoon bolaven plows toward korean peninsula <sec> four fisherman are found dead and 17 have been rescued .  the search is on for another 12 fishermen still missing .  typhoon 's winds in okinawa not as strong as initially feared , local official says .  typhoon bolaven 's cloud field is about 20 times the length of okinaw .
 russia : 17,000 troops to leave from near ukraine <sec> new : ukrainian teams will be granted access to mh17 crash site , dutch official says .  russia says the troops were stationed near the border for training exercises .  but the troop presence has been viewed as a threat to invade ukraine .  it 's not clear whether the withdrawal has actually taken plac .
 nations in conflict , athletes at peace <sec> archery medallists from north and south korea share a podium at asian games .  yun ok-hee from south korea and north korea 's kwon un sil shake hands after ceremon .
 summer 's not over at lake tahoe <sec> consider a wine-and-cheese sunset sail on the tahoe cruz .  take a dip at lake tahoe-nevada state park 's sand harbor .  try the best hula pie this side of hawaii at sunnyside resor .
