 jack abramoff 's prison advice for bob mcdonnell <sec> abramoff on mcdonnell : `` when he enters prison ... that day is the worst day of the entire process '' .  abramoff said mcdonnell needs to get busy fast and stay busy .  some staff will treat mcdonnell differently , abramoff said . .  `` he just has to remain resolutely humble and just take it .
 thousands rescreened at newark airport <sec> security breach at sunday evening forces closure of terminal c for hours .  man improperly went through security screening ; he was never found .  cnn 's alina cho describes a hectic scene as passengers were rescreene .
 lawrence anthony : the all-action conservationist <sec> conservationist has rescued animals from iraq and negotiated with rebel armies .  owns and runs a game reserve in south africa .  set up `` the earth organization '' in 2004 to promote conservation effort .
 ferguson : police and community can repair the hurt <sec> british mp says ferguson will need outside help to heal .  he represents area of london hit by riots in 2011 after black man killed by police .  david lammy says healing goes far beyond rebuilding trust between police and community .  and he says riots are a sign of the fractures in our societie .
 celebrities not scumbags , just 'dodgy , ' murdoch tweets <sec> media baron rupert murdoch tweets about `` scumbag '' celebrities .  later tweets that he was n't referring to `` particular people '' .  celebrities charlotte church , jacqui hames demand an apology .  comes weeks before leveson inquiry report on potential reforms of british pres .
 blatter hails la liga as 'best in the world ' <sec> fifa president sepp blatter believes spanish la liga is best in the world .  eight of the players in the fifa 2010 world xi play for barcelona or real madrid .  lionel messi awarded ballon d'or ahead of barcelona teammates xavi and iniesta .  blatter hails messi as a wonderful footballer who is humble and a `` good boy .
 feds approve new hpv vaccine <sec> fda approves glaxosmithkline 's hpv vaccine .  cervarix is designed to help prevent cervical cancer .  drug will compete with another hpv vaccine merck & company 's gardasil .  cervarix will be available later this year , according to glaxosmithklin .
 pope calls church sex abuse scandal a 'deep shame ' <sec> new : pope tells bishops abuse of children was `` gravely immoral behavior '' .  pope , president discuss middle east , latin america , says white house .  six-day , two-city visit to u.s. marks pope benedict xvi 's first as pope .  pope will celebrate mass at stadium thursday , travel to new york on frida .
 north and south korea reopen kaesong industrial complex <sec> kaesong industrial complex reopens monday after five-month closure .  all 123 companies operating in the zone experienced heavy losses .  two koreas agreed to reopen with assurance it would no longer be `` affected by political situation .
 u.n. puts death toll at 4,000 in syria as pressures rise <sec> new : the united nation 's death count reaches 4,000 since the beginning of the syria unrest .  syria suspends membership in mediterranean group .  u.s. sanctions are imposed on two high-ranking officials .  kuwait is asking its citizens to leave syri .
 apparently this matters : the zombie car that nobody loved <sec> in 2012 a car was abandoned in china .  vines grew all over the car , completely covering it with foliage .  it was a rather absurd sight , and the `` zombie car '' earned fame on the internet .  recently , the car was finally towed awa .
 madoff taped telling colleagues how to deal with regulators <sec> new : firm involved in fraud investigation says it was upfront with sec .  tape recording captures ponzi scheme mastermind giving advice .  bernard madoff tells listeners how to deal with federal investigators .  `` you do n't have to be too brilliant with these guys , '' madoff say .
 the man who brought mtv to africa <sec> alex okosi is the senior vice president and managing director of mtv networks africa .  in 2005 he helped convince his bosses to open a dedicated mtv channels for africa .  the company says that more than 90 million people have access to its content .  in 2008 the company also launched the mtv africa award .
 santorum says he 'takes the bullets ' for conservative causes <sec> santorum announced his candidacy near pennsylvania coal mine where grandfather worked .  a two-term u.s. senator , santorum lost re-election bid in 2006 .  santorum a favorite among social conservatives , influential in gop primary proces .
 teacher talks armed student into giving up , police say <sec> teacher rejects the label `` hero '' .  a well-liked science teacher persuades a student to give up his shotgun .  also , a campus supervisor distracted the teen while other students escaped , police say .  taft , california , high school classes are canceled friday as students receive counselin .
 obama details oil spill response , calls for energy reform <sec> new : republicans criticize obama for linking oil disaster to call for energy reform .  new : bp says it wants to work with obama on ending leak , cleaning oil .  obama says he will push bp to create a bp-funded account to pay for oil spill damages .  oval office speech is obama 's first white house address to natio .
 raw video of michael jackson 's last days will not be shown to jury <sec> the judge says viewing raw video was `` a waste of my time '' .  conrad murray 's lawyers hoped the video would show jackson was ill before his death .  murray 's involuntary manslaughter trial starts in septembe .
 firefighters gain ground in california , but death toll rises <sec> new : qualcomm stadium to close as an emergency shelter at noon friday .  charred bodies of three men and a woman found near san diego .  more than half of southern california fires are fully contained .  bush to fire victims : we 're not going to forget you in washingto .
 paris and nigeria : a tale of two hashtags <sec> up to 2,000 people in northeast nigeria killed in boko haram 's worst ever attack in early january .  adaobi tricia nwaubani : nigeria 's government has expressed more sympathy for the paris terror attacks than the latest massacre within its own border .
 google patenting an electronic 'throat tattoo ' <sec> google patent filing paints picture of throat tattoo with microphone .  the temporary tattoo would connect with smartphones and other devices .  some have complained about the google glass audio system .  wearable tech is an emerging fiel .
 why india 's cotton farmers are killing themselves <sec> vidarbha , the eastern region of the state of maharashtra , is known as the epicenter of the suicide crisis .  farmers are becoming burdened with debt due to falling prices but rising cost .
 cnn student news transcript : january 19 , 2011 <sec> find out what topic is likely to come up as china 's leader visits the u.s . .  hear about a former haitian dictator 's surprising return to his country .  consider some of the ways that companies and governments fight piracy .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 review : brad pitt 's 'fury ' <sec> brad pitt , shia labeouf , michael pena , jon bernthal and logan lerman star .  the movie follows a crew of soldiers during world war ii .  labeouf is outstanding , and pitt is tremendous .  lerman 's performance anchors the fil .
 great scot ! why scottish coaches rule <sec> alex ferguson on the brink of winning his third champions league winners ' medal .  ferguson one of many scottish managers to have succeeded in england and europe .  scottish managers have won 18 of the last 26 english league championship .
 smartphones battle the heat in viral video <sec> video showing iphone 4 , android and windows phone 7 on grill goes viral .  video used to promote ezgrill disposable grill .  windows phone 7 was most fire-resistant one of the bunc .
 romney wins debate cross-examination <sec> todd graham : candidates directed their questions at front-runner romney .  he says romney handled the questions deftly .  graham says cain seems well prepared while perry fares poorly .  he says candidates should get to ask each other more questions in the futur .
 big leap in stray dogs as recession bites <sec> number of stray and abandoned dogs in uk jumps by 11 percent in past year .  charity urges government to make microchipping compulsory for all dogs .  some households tighten their belts by giving up the dog , charity say .
 history turns full circle at london 2012 paralympic games <sec> paralympic movement was born in stoke mandeville , outside london , in 1948 .  2012 games will be the biggest yet , with 4,200 competitors from 165 countries .  in an echo of the first , post-world war ii games , injured veterans are among the athletes .  they include a u.s. naval officer blinded in afghanistan and a briton who lost an arm in ira .
 head of minerals management service fired , sources say <sec> mms service director elizabeth birnbaum has been fired , sources say .  interior department report cited inappropriate relationship between inspectors , oil industry .  interior secretary ken salazar insists birnbaum resigned and has done a good job .  legislation has been introduced in part to help crack down on the mm .
 how to turn wikipedia into an e-book <sec> wikipedia now lets users generate e-books from its content .  multiple encyclopedia articles can be added to a single book .  the site says the books will be helpful for offline , mobile readin .
 luxury brands look to cash in on chinese new year <sec> international brands use year of the dragon to tap into china 's growing market for luxury items .  a symbol of good luck and prosperity , the dragon lends itself to bold imagery .  watchmaker piaget 's `` dragon and phoenix '' pieces cost from $ 25,000 to north of $ 100,00 .
 witness survived store shooting by playing dead <sec> police release detailed composite of lane bryant shooting suspect .  store manager called 911 before being shot to death .  on call , man can be heard saying , `` i 'm losing it '' .  $ 100,000 reward offered . .  information ? .  call tip line at ( 708 ) 444-539 .
 james gandolfini 's will generous to family , friends ; most goes to son <sec> his 14-year-old son receives $ 7 million in a life insurance policy .  his son and daughter share gandolfini 's property in italy .  gandolfini 's nieces each receive $ 500,000 .  `` the sopranos '' actor died last month at age 5 .
 madoff 's wife , son say they had no inkling of ponzi scheme <sec> `` everything i 've been doing is all a big lie , '' family recalls madoff saying .  madoff is in prison for swindling investors in the largest ponzi scheme in u.s. history .  his wife blames herself for her eldest son 's suicide .  andrew madoff : `` what he did to me , to my brother , and to my family is unforgivable .
 female air force academy graduate dies in afghanistan <sec> roadside bomb near kabul kills 1st lt. roslyn l. schulte , 25 .  schulte is first female academy graduate to die in afghan or iraq war .  fellow airmen `` will be forever proud of her , '' commander say .
 boston bombing suspects ' sister pleads not guilty on pot charge <sec> bella tsarnaev pleaded not guilty to a charge of possession with intent to distribute .  she was arrested in december after police responding to a domestic disturbance call found marijuana .  tsarnaev , who has no prior record , was n't involved in the boston marathon bombings , her attorney say .
 bollywood actor detained at newark airport <sec> indian movie star shah rukh khan says he was held for two hours .  immigration officials told actor his surname came up on computer , he says .  officials asked for id verification , though others at airport recognized him , he says .  ambassador to india calls khan `` a very welcome guest '' in united state .
 pakistani parliament to convene friday to elect new prime minister <sec> president picks candidate for prime minister , state tv says .  pakistan 's president has called on parliament to meet friday .  the lower house will choose a new prime minister .  the high court disqualified yousuf raza gilani to hold office because of contempt charge .
 opinion : is it time for tea party to divorce gop ? <sec> lz granderson : should tea party split now that budget deal seems headed for approval ? .  he says john boehner 's rant , new rules for 2016 primaries show gop reining in tea party .  he says americans want third party and tea partiers say gop is n't conservative enough .  granderson : given its beliefs and far-right funding , does tea party need to stay with gop .
 freed iranian journalist , 'proud ' son dream of a reunion <sec> dissident journalist recently released from prison .  isa saharkhiz had criticized country 's supreme leader .  his son , mehdi , lobbied for his release from the u.s .
 putin : iran nuke plans 'peaceful ' <sec> russian president putin backs iran 's `` peaceful '' nuclear program during visit .  putin in tehran to attend summit of caspian sea nations to discuss oil rights .  iran , russia set to discuss iranian nuclear program , u.s. push for sanctions .  putin downplay rumors of assassination plot ; iran says claims are `` baseless .
 u.s. envoy upbeat on north korean food aid after talks <sec> north korea last week announced a freeze on nuclear and missile tests .  in return , the unites states has agreed to resume providing food aid .  talks this week were aimed at setting the details of the food assistance .  the u.s. envoy says it 's not yet clear when the shipments will begi .
 on first anniversary of mubarak 's ouster , unease reigns in egypt <sec> little progress , but hope remains , activist says .  activists kick off a general strike on the anniversary .  an american student is arrested for inciting people to protest .  america 's top military official meets with egyptian bras .
 sampras issues public plea to find stolen trophies <sec> former world no.1 's trophies have been stolen from a storage facility in los angeles .  first australian open and two davis cup trophies taken three weeks ago .  sampras spoke to los angeles times in hope that it might provide new lea .
 west 's catch 22 on isis : do we appease , or do we fight ? <sec> every action by isis designed to alienate moderate muslims and decent human beings , writes zain verjee .  verjee : only result they want is more violence as violence is what swells their ranks .  in somalia only when a focused crackdown was put in place did the success of piracy abate , she add .
 gov . christie , i was you -- listen to the docs <sec> gov . .  chris christie says a doctor who commented on his weight should `` shut up '' .  bryan monroe says the governor should not dismiss her advice so quickly .  monroe says he was morbidly obese until he experienced a health crisis .  he says decisive action led him to lose 170 pounds , which improved his healt .
 on plane crash anniversary , mayor says france must improve air safety <sec> mayor says air safety remains a concern for his government .  the town of gonesse is holding a memorial for crash victims .  a verdict is expected in a manslaughter case related to the crash in decembe .
 opinion : u.s. shamefully slow to help vets <sec> paul rieckhoff : afghanistan , iraq veterans can wait 600 days or longer for claim response .  he says after 10 years of war , 97 % of claims are still on paper , a logjam that hurts vets .  he says va says it has hired processors , but high turnover keeps number low .  rieckhoff : veteran leaders in d.c. to `` storm the hill , '' get officials to deal with backlo .
 'hungry huskies ' ride napier , free throws to ncaa title <sec> uconn wins its fourth title since 1999 and the first under coach kevin ollie .  the huskies made all their free throws while the wildcats missed 11 .  shabazz napier was named the most outstanding player in the final four .  he had 22 points in the final and made key baskets to deter potential kentucky rallie .
 opinion : boy scouts ' decision makes no sense <sec> boy scouts of america voted to end its ban on gay scouts .  the organization will continue , however , to ban gay scout leaders .  john sutter : the group ca n't have it both ways and should include everyone .  sutter speaks with a den leader who was ousted because she 's a lesbia .
 driver in texas bus crash involved in fatal 1998 accident <sec> a grand jury declined to indict him on a charge of criminally negligent homicide 15 years ago .  the driver was injured in the thursday accident .  the bus was headed to an oklahoma casino .  the ntsb has sent investigators to the scen .
 real make light of cristiano ronaldo 's absence to draw level at top <sec> real madrid beat getafe 3-0 in la liga .  draw level on points at top with atletico madrid and barcelona .  cristiano ronaldo serving three-game ban .  jese scores opener in another impressive displa .
 white house working on tending its own house on pay disparity <sec> white house , agencies do n't have pay parity for both genders .  the figures for the government are better than national figures for men and women on pay .  addressing pay parity is complicated , say scholars and the bureau of labor statistics .  younger workers ' pay seems to reflect closer parit .
 'x-men origins : wolverine ' leaked to web <sec> new : online reviewer saw early `` x-men origins : wolverine , '' praises film .  fbi involved in investigation to see how `` wolverine '' leaked .  latest film in `` x-men '' series had early version pirated , put on web .  `` wolverine , '' starring hugh jackman , opens may .
 why this solar-powered ski and surf is a real lifesaver <sec> asap is a solar-powered watercraft which combines skis , surfboard and catamaran .  it is fully sustainable and free to run and costs about one-third the price of a traditional water skier .  british designer ross kemp developed asap to assist lifeguards on rescue mission .
 somalia : gunmen attack government offices in baidoa <sec> the african union 's somalia representative condemns the attack , says it targeted troops .  al-shabaab says its militants attacked the state palace in the city of baidoa .  police say initial reports indicate nine people are dead , including four attacker .
 south korea star ji dong-won joins sunderland ; frings set for toronto <sec> south korea striker ji dong-won joins english premier league club sunderland .  ji has scored six goals in 11 appearances for his country .  former germany international torsten frings signs for mls team fc toront .
 senate fails to ok funds for years-old settlement with minority farmers <sec> the senate failed to approve nearly $ 5 billion for a settlement with minority farmers .  the settlement between the agriculture department and minority farmers was reached in 1999 .  prominent members of both parties have voiced support for approving the funds .  the national black farmers association blamed both parties for the impass .
 karzai visit a time for tough talk on security , corruption <sec> afghan president karzai meeting with president obama in washington this week .  felbab-brown : afghan politics are corrupt ; army not ready for 2014 troop pullout .  she says taliban , insurgents , splintered army , corrupt officials are all jockeying for power .  u.s. needs to commit to helping afghan security , she says , and insist corruption be wiped ou .
 germany the 'perfect team , ' claims beckenbauer <sec> franz beckenbauer lavishes praise on german team ahead of semifinal .  germany won 4-0 over argentina , having earlier also routed england 4-1 .  two-time world cup winner also dismisses the chances of semifinal opponents spai .
 south korea boosts review of social media <sec> review of internet content has been in place since 2008 .  the commission says it will boost effectiveness and meet growing demands .  the announcement sparks a debate among social media user .
 israeli president : suez ships a 'cheap provocation ' <sec> shimon peres says the `` real threat '' is iran 's nuclear program .  the iranian navy 's commander says the trip represents iran 's `` self-confidence '' .  the suez canal is a key waterway for international trad .
 can indian elephant take on chinese dragon ? <sec> india predicted to outpace china as as world 's fastest-growing economy in next year .  china 's economy is slowing after over 25 years of breakneck growth .  but experts say india simply ca n't size up against china 's raw economic migh .
 london 's world heritage sites : 5 ways to escape the games <sec> if you tire of athletics , take a stroll through london 's world heritage sites .  sites are perfect for tourists interested in royal history , nature , art , and science .  buy tickets ahead of time for those with paid admission and plan for long line .
