 rise of the 'repats ' : africans shun crisis-hit west for jobs back home <sec> an increasing number of africans are leaving europe and the west to return to africa .  they return to their continent seeking jobs and new economic opportunities .  economic growth , better governance and technology boom are factors in rise of returnees .  the economic slowdown in the west in recent years is also a facto .
 wrestler 's slain son was probably sedated , investigators say <sec> testosterone found in wrestler chris benoit 's body , officials said .  xanax and other drugs found in his wife , georgia me says .  benoit is believed to have killed his wife and son in june , then killed himsel .
 court : texas had no right to take polygamists ' children <sec> lower court has 10 days to reverse its ruling or appeals court will act .  court says abuse in one household did not apply to entire ranch .  authorities removed about 460 children from the yfz ranch in april .  parents reject abuse claims , have pushed for state to return childre .
 pavement stage brilliant 90s revival in brooklyn <sec> the 90s indie princes buzzed through their songbook , 27 brilliant tunes in 90 minutes .  bob nastanovich slow-danced with a lucky lady as malkmus crooned `` we dance '' .  the show ended with `` range life , '' a wittily poignant ballad about the passing of yout .
 japan 's aso becomes obama 's first guest <sec> aso 's approval rating at 11 percent , the second lowest ever for a japanese pm .  aso is first head of state hosted by obama administration .  obama will give his first address to joint session of congress hours late .
 review : 'riddick ' <sec> the new film is the fourth in the series .  the main character is abandoned on a sere , hostile planet .  ew gives it grade of c .
 roma reach italian final despite defeat <sec> claudio ranieri 's roma side are through to the final of the italian cup .  they are through despite losing 1-0 to udinese in the second leg of their semifinal .  roma will now face inter milan in the final for the fifth time in the last six season .
 ex-minister target of colombian bomb <sec> officials do n't know who was behind the blast , president juan manuel santos says .  authorities are offering a $ 280,000 reward for information , he says .  the attack targeted a former minister of interior and justice .  at least two people were killed and dozens were injure .
 pink , alicia keys , and taylor swift next up for 'vh1 storytellers ' treatment <sec> it will be ladies night for `` vh1 storytellers '' .  there will be back to back episodes of swift , keys and pink .  swift announced a concert to dovetail with her `` storytellers '' taping .
 gang member latest to join fbi 's ten most wanted fugitives list <sec> joe saenz wanted in connection with four murders , a kidnapping and a rape .  saenz , a member of cuatro flats gang , reportedly kills man on video .  fbi believes saenz graduated from local gangs to international drug trafficking .  saenz allegedly killed mother of his child out of fear she 'd turn him i .
 white house : obama to announce new defense secretary pick friday <sec> the white house will announce its pick for secretary of defense friday . .  cnn reports president obama will nominate ashton carter , former pentagon second in command .  the senate will likely confirm carter , hailed as an `` uber-wonk .
 al-assad must answer for 'crimes against humanity ' <sec> anna neistat : defectors say syrian military told them to use `` heavy shooting '' in daraa attack .  she says al-assad must take responsibility for killings , torture reported by defectors .  she says russia has helped block security council action .  neistat : syria must face arms embargo , sanctions , referral to international criminal cour .
 judge shields craigslist from prosecution in south carolina <sec> judge orders ag to refrain from pressing charges pending lawsuit 's outcome .  craigslist sued south carolina attorney general to prevent criminal charges .  attorney general henry mcmaster threatened to prosecute craigslist for sex ads .  craigslist says it has done all it can to reduce number of prostitution ad .
 wenger wants arsenal to win league title for broken ramsey <sec> arsenal midfielder aaron ramsey ruled out for rest of season with badly-broken leg .  the 19-year-old wales international suffered injury in 3-1 victory at stoke on saturday .  manager arsene wenger calls on team to win english premier league title in his honor .  third-placed arsenal now within three points of leaders chelsea , who lost at weeken .
 megaupload founder appears in new zealand court seeking bail <sec> the u.s. shut down megaupload and announced indictments against seven people .  the site 's founder , kim dotcom , and three others appear before a new zealand court .  dotcom 's lawyer says his client denies the charges , criticizing the authorities ' approach .  prosecutors say dotcom presents an `` extreme '' flight risk and should not be granted bai .
 3 workers killed in explosion near wyoming oil well <sec> samson resources owns several wells in the state .  details of the converse county accident not available .  all three workers were contract personnel , the company say .
 eco-boat attempts perilous arctic voyage <sec> an eco-friendly french boat is attempting to cross the northern sea route .  six-month voyage hoping to travel arctic waters above siberia to get to japan .  boats can be trapped in ice for months in temperatures that go as low as -50c .  the tug boat has been modified with three sails and solar panel .
 hospital : former israeli leader ariel sharon is in grave condition <sec> the former israeli prime minister is suffering from organ failure .  sharon has been in a coma since 2006 .  news broke last week that sharon 's health had worsene .
 chicago board votes to close 50 schools <sec> union leader : `` closing schools is not an education plan . .  it is a scorched earth policy '' .  school officials say their plan to shutter 50 `` underutilized '' schools will help students .  they announced plans to close the schools two months ago .  chicago mayor rahm emanuel has said he supports the school closing .
 'frozen ' rises to no . 1 with $ 31.6 million <sec> `` frozen '' managed to score a no . .  1 spot at the box office .  the disney release has brought in $ 134.4 million after 12 days .  over the weekend , it earned $ 31.6 million .  `` the hunger games : catching fire '' was in second plac .
 rand paul blames garner 's death on nyc cigarette tax - cnnpolitics.com <sec> sen. rand paul blames new york city 's high cigarette taxes for eric garner 's death .  the unarmed garner died after white police officers administered a chokehold while trying to arrest him .  garner was selling cigarettes on the street illegally when the police officers were confronting hi .
 quakes hit southwestern china , killing at least 80 <sec> chinese premier wen jiabao visits stricken areas .  the quakes hit near the border of yunnan and guizhou provinces in southwest china .  their magnitudes range between 4.8 and 5.6 , the u.s. geological survey says .  more than 430,000 houses are damaged and 6,600 destroyed , state media report .
 threatening letters to bloomberg test positive for ricin <sec> new : suspicious substance was oily , new york police official says .  new : postal union says letters were postmarked in shreveport , louisiana .  letters were addressed to bloomberg , one went to an organization he founded .  ricin is a toxin that can kill in a matter of day .
 puppy love applies only to the dog in bitter custody battle <sec> new york man says his ex dognapped knuckles when she moved to california .  sarah brega argues craig dershowitz `` gifted '' canine to her .  dershowitz has started a website to publicize his plight and raise money for legal fees .  brega tells abc that her ex `` wants revenge '' ; she tells hln that knuckles is happy with he .
 military dissolves government in burkina faso <sec> new : dusk-to-dawn curfew established nationwide , a general says .  new : the whereabouts of president blaise compaore are not immediately known .  parliament stormed as lawmakers consider extending the president 's rul .
 critics question obama 's pledge to end 'pork ' <sec> $ 410 billion spending bill for fy 2009 includes 8,000 earmarks .  democratic sens . .  evan bayh and russ feingold want obama to veto bill .  senate could vote on bill as early as thursday .  defenders of bill say earmarks make up less than 1 percent of i .
 federer realizes dream with french open win <sec> roger federer finally wins french open title with victory over robin soderling .  the swiss world number two beats his swedish opponent 6-1 7-6 6-4 in paris .  federer had won 13 grand slam titles prior to event , but never the french open .  the success takes him level with pete sampras on 14 career grand slam win .
 germany and ghana go through from group d <sec> germany beat ghana 1-0 at soccer city to top group d at world cup .  ghana also qualify in second place in group despite narrow defeat .  a superb goal from mesut ozil secures the victory for germany .  australia beat serbia 2-1 in other group match but both fail to qualif .
 justin timberlake , actress jessica biel split <sec> timberlake 's film credits include `` the social network '' .  the actress has appeared in various films , including `` the a-team .
 blue jeans celebrate 140 years <sec> blue jeans were invented in may 1873 .  every u.s. consumer owns seven pairs , according to cotton incorporated .  ireporters shared their favorite denim look .
 uk warned against 'cherry-picking ' eu policy <sec> uk pm david cameron promises to hold a referendum on eu membership by 2017 .  french foreign minister laurent fabius says europe can not be `` a la carte '' .  germany warns against `` cherry-picking '' saying europeans are in the same boat .  u.s. president barack obama had told cameron the u.s. valued the uk 's place in the e .
 official : anthony 'polite ' in first meeting with probation officer <sec> new : a florida corrections spokeswoman says casey anthony was cooperative .  new : anthony tells probation officer that she intends to do well , official adds .  anthony started her one-year probation sentence wednesday evening .  officials refused to provide anthony 's location , citing security concern .
 are travel agents making a comeback ? <sec> study finds 46 percent of travelers enjoyed using web to book travel this year .  some web-reliant travelers are shifting to brick-and-mortar travel agent model .  travel agents often specialize in certain countries or tours for complex itineraries .  despite recession , expedia had a 22 percent air transaction growth last quarte .
 opinion : why i fought campaign contribution limit <sec> shaun mccutcheon sues to remove overall contribution limit for individuals .  court strikes down contribution limit , saying donations are form of free speech .  mccutcheon : limits had the effect of protecting incumbents , empowering special interests .  he says he wants to make it easier for challengers to raise funds and create chang .
 how to visit sicily 's mount etna volcano <sec> mount etna is open to tourists every day of the year unless authorities deem it too dangerous .  an ascent that includes a cable car , 4x4 bus and guided walk is the easiest way to explore the volcano .  the volcano 's peak is actually a series of craters , some more active than other .
 al qaeda no . 2 : sudan 's president pandered to west <sec> ayman al-zawahiri says he is not defending sudanese regime , actions in darfur .  president omar hassan al-bashir accused of war crimes , crimes against humanity .  al-zawahiri says sudan expelled osama bin laden , other mujahedeen .  he further asks why u.n. cares so much about darfur , so little about gaz .
 nuclear deal : brightest hope for iranians since 1979 <sec> deal between iran and six world powers has given iranians hope , writes ghanbar naderi .  lifting of international sanctions a possibility , iranians hope for better living conditions , he adds .  people will likely keep president rouhani 's `` moderate '' government in power , naderi write .
 ex-astronaut in love triangle case avoids prison with plea deal <sec> lisa marie nowak , a former astronaut , accused of assaulting a romantic rival .  florida judge sentences nowak to year on probation , community service .  prosecutors say she drove 900 miles in diapers , wore disguise , followed woman through airpor .
 oprah : stay off your phone while driving <sec> oprah winfrey talked with people who lost loved ones to accidents with distracted drivers .  shelly and daren forney lost their daughter in an accident .  they are campaigning for tougher laws against driving while using a phone .  winfrey asks people to make cars a no-cell-phone-zon .
 jimmy kimmel , wife molly are expecting <sec> jimmy kimmel and his wife molly are expecting their first child together .  the actor says this is no prank , unless his wife is kidding .  he has two children from a prior marriage .  kimmel : `` i 'm going to be one of those old dads ! .
 japan enters recession after contraction <sec> cabinet office confirms the economy fell 0.1 percent in third quarter .  japan 's gross domestic product has fallen by 0.4 percent this year .  major indexes around the globe have plummeted over the last two months .  eu declared last week that the 15-nation group had entered into a recessio .
 u.s. bishops 'applaud ' obama on immigration <sec> blase cupich , newly appointed archbishop of chicago , praised president obama 's immigration action .  cupich is pope francis ' first american appointed archbisho .
 tommy john accepts role in baseball and medical history <sec> hundreds of baseball players have had tommy john surgery .  john says it 's an honor to have the operation named after him .  the rise in the number of surgeries is due to younger players playing year-round , john say .
 fate of arizona anti-gay measure rests with jan brewer <sec> new : nfl , which will host super bowl in arizona next year , says it is monitoring situation .  gov . .  jan brewer says she will `` do the right thing '' for arizona .  brewer 's conservative record might indicate what she will do .  but lgbt advocates are pinning their hopes on her pro-business tie .
 sebastian vettel wins pole position in singapore after qualifying gamble <sec> f1 championship leader sebastian vettel wins pole position in singapore .  red bull star has nervous wait after deciding to post only one lap in qualifying .  mercedes ' nico rosberg comes closest , qualifying second at marina bay .  vettel 's closest title rival fernando alonso will start seventh on the gri .
 commentary : time for palin to strut her stuff <sec> vice presidential candidate can make world of difference , roland martin says .  mccain campaign has done palin a disservice , he writes .  martin says american people want to know where she stands .  thursday 's debate will be proving ground , martin write .
 danes resisted holocaust : would we be so brave today ? <sec> the danes resisted persecution of their jewish countrymen , writes bo lidegaard .  he asks : would anyone rescue their countrymen today , even at the risk of their own safety ? .  lidegaard says it begs the question : who are `` we '' and who belongs to our society ? .  the escape of the danish jews shows to us the importance of the answers , he write .
 france 's national front threatens to sue madonna over swastika image <sec> madonna representative declines comment on swastika controversy .  madonna show included a video of party leader with swastika superimposed on her face .  party : `` the images ... draw a terrible link between the party and an ideology that we reject '' .  madonna has shown the montage at other show .
 `` every day , we cried '' : how ebola will galvanize liberia <sec> liberia 's last ebola patient released on march 5 after battling through the deadly virus .  monrovia is returning to normal after the virus claimed more than 4,000 live .
 fda approves new flu vaccine <sec> agriflu , made by novartis , is not intended to protect against the h1n1 virus .  the vaccine was approved using an accelerated approval process , the fda said .  vaccine induces antibodies in the blood that are effective in preventing seasonal influenz .
 lawsuit alleges online extortion , a growing menace <sec> extortion on the internet is a growing trend , expert says .  10 plaintiffs file suit alleging 3 websites are extorting $ 500 from them .  the three websites purport to list sex offenders .  website owners did n't respond or could be reached for commen .
 suicide attack kills 5 in afghan capital <sec> in a separate incident , insurgents attacked a nonprofit organization in kabul .  security firm g4s says briton killed in the blast was one of its staff .  another victim was an afghan national working at the british embassy , uk says .  the taliban claim responsibility for the suicide attac .
 mick jagger says goodbye to l'wren scott ; designer 's funeral kept private <sec> mick jagger delivered a tribute to his longtime girlfriend .  jagger 's daughters and grandchildren also spoke at the private funeral .  l'wren scott 's funeral was held at the historic hollywood forever cemetery .  new york 's medical examiner concluded scott killed herself by hangin .
 in gop civil war , an outsized advantage <sec> the republican party is facing internal strife this campaign season .  insurgent republicans are receiving a lot of attention and it might be outsized .  their campaign spending is dwarfed by establishment force .
 bumper revenues for premier league clubs tempered by soaring wages <sec> report from accountancy firm deloitte shows premier league revenues rising rapidly .  but wages have also risen at a sharp rate accounting for 70 % of that bumper revenue .  the german bundesliga remains the continent 's most profitable competition .  uefa 's financial fair play regulations soon to alter finances , deloitte sa .
 statue of liberty replica decapitated on youtube <sec> video shows statue of liberty replica blindfolded before it 's decapitated , smashed .  200-pound replica was stolen less than a month ago from vox pop coffee shop .  slogans `` we do n't want your freedom , '' `` death to america '' flash across screen .  cops say they are handling case as larcen .
 defiance , sorrow as terror victims are mourned in france , israel <sec> france 's national assembly votes to extend support for airstrikes against isis in iraq .  spokesman : over 10,000 troops soon to be deployed around france .  french , israelis remember victims of last week 's terror attack .
 korea midfielder ki joins celtic <sec> south korea midfielder ki sung yueng signs for scottish leaders celtic .  the 20-year-old is asian footballer of the year for 2009 .  ki has played 17 times for his country and helped them qualify for the world cup final .
 egypt plans to clear two pro-morsy protests in cairo <sec> new : amnesty international calls the government plan a `` recipe for bloodshed '' .  sit-ins called a `` threat to national security '' .  this comes on the same week the eu 's catherine ashton visited .  the delegation consists of one-time national leader .
 sole survivor of connecticut home invasion remarries <sec> william petit married christine paluf sunday , petit 's father says .  the couple met through the petit family foundation .  petit 's first wife and daughters were killed in a home invasion in 2007 .  the killers have been sentenced to deat .
 golden globes ' beverly hilton hotel has dramatic past <sec> beverly hilton hotel hosts the golden globes every year .  hotel opened in 1955 and has hosted many politicians , star .
 ashton kutcher talks transformation for steve jobs movie <sec> ashton kutcher is portraying steve jobs in this weekend 's biopic 'jobs ' .  the actor committed himself to the role , learning jobs ' mannerisms and his diet .  the latter aspect of the character put kutcher in the hospital .  he says it was worth it to learn how disciplined jobs wa .
 what i learned about my husband in bed <sec> pregnant mother of two is ordered to mandatory bed rest .  she worries kids are eating candy and pull-ups never changed .  dad buys kids toy doctor kits to calm their fears over sick mom .  he delivers great meals , new bed and takes kids out to pla .
 doctors induce 5-month coma to save woman 's life <sec> donna landrigan spent five months in a drug-induced coma .  doctors found a teratoma tumor , a benign jumble of hair cells , nerve tissue , and teeth .  most patients who develop this rare condition experience psychiatric symptom .
