 singer david crosby hits jogger with car <sec> accident happens in santa ynez , california , near where crosby lives .  the jogger suffered multiple fractures ; his injuries are not believed to be life-threatenin .
 nigerian police arrest senior boko haram member <sec> nigerian police say they 've arrested senior boko haram member .  they say mohammed zakari calls himself `` chief butcher '' of the balmo forest .  that 's a region of northeast nigeria where troops claim to have routed boko haram .  the terror group has been blamed for deadly attacks in recent year .
 what facebook buying gowalla means for users <sec> if you 're a gowalla lover , facebook 's purchase is almost certainly bad news .  facebook now owns any data you imported to gowalla .  initial report suggests gowalla employees will work on facebook 's timeline featur .
 jerry sandusky trial postponed until june <sec> the trial was scheduled for may 15 .  `` we do n't know if we will have all the information we need , '' sandusky 's lawyer says .  sandusky is accused of more than 50 counts of child sexual abus .
 run4wilbs : inspiring a community to change <sec> mike wilber 's friends and family planned a 5k race honoring him .  run4wilbs took place on june 28 in allegany , new york .  follow mike 's journey training for a triathlon on twitter @ trihardmik .
 lawyer : jaycee dugard would testify against captors <sec> lawyer : jaycee dugard `` knows that terrible and wrong things were done to her '' .  lawyer says dugard , daughters and family progressing well since she was found .  dugard daughters receive tutoring , counseling and medical attention .  family has gotten donations of more than $ 100,000 from the publi .
 opinion : 'we are the 59 % ' <sec> john sutter asks readers to share stories of surviving rape and sexual violence .  cnn ireport collected the stories in a project called `` we are the 59 % '' .  59 % of women in alaska experience sexual and intimate partner violence .  alaska has the highest reported rape rate , and is the focus of sutter 's latest change the list projec .
 protest police shootings : demands for change nationwide <sec> nypd arrests a 29-year-old man for assaulting a police officer .  two police officers were allegedly assaulted in new york city while trying to make arrest .  eric garner 's mother says marches are `` a history-making moment '' .  the crowds demand a more aggressive federal respons .
 four police officers , suspect shot in new jersey raid <sec> police officers shot in raid for firearms and narcotics in lakewood , new jersey .  suspect also wounded after officers return fire , official says .  lakewood is about 70 miles south of new yor .
 report : jihadist group says it carried out attack that killed five at mali bar <sec> a jihadist group claims responsibility in an audio recording , news agency reports .  the malian government calls the shooting a `` terrorist act '' .  one french citizen , one belgian and three malians are kille .
 the duchess of cambridge 's fashion secrets revealed <sec> british vogue details the duchess of cambridge 's style secrets in its february issue .  the average diameter of kate 's curls is 25 millimeters , magazine says .  the average number of teeth she exposes while smiling is 8.6 , according to british vogu .
 officials : suicide bomber attacks pakistani military training center <sec> new : the pakistani taliban claims responsibility for the blast .  the suicide bomber was a teen wearing a school uniform .  a school for the children of military recruits is located at the training facility .  the bomber was either carrying the explosives in a bag or wearing a suicide ves .
 a life cut short : remembering the tragedy of amy winehouse <sec> amy winehouse died a year ago today at 27 .  fans and fellow stars were rooting for her to continue to find success .  the tragedy of her death was to watch a woman lose a battle so early in lif .
 virginia tech wo n't build on 'stadium woods ' <sec> after petition , virginia tech to seek alternative location for state-of-art sports facility .  many trees in the growth forest are more than 150 years old , others possibly 300 .  conservation group disappointed university would not protect forest permanently .  `` back to the drawing board '' : school to consider other potential sites for buildin .
 opinion : gabriel gomez , a republican who can win <sec> alex castellanos : gabriel gomez is a dream candidate for the republican party .  in democratic massachusetts , gomez is running a tight senate race .  he says gomez 's opponent , ed markey , represents what 's wrong with washington .  castellanos : a gop that wants a future should bet every chip on gome .
 chris brown can get near rihanna , but 'just ca n't bother her ' <sec> a judge lifts the `` stay away '' order keeping the singers apart .  the order was imposed after brown was charged with assaulting rihanna .  brown is doing `` a very good job '' of meeting his probation terms , the judge say .
 mars is the next step for humanity -- we must take it <sec> pursuing `` green '' initiatives is no long-term solution to the wall we 're hurtling towards , says ashley dove-jay .  dove-jay : launching missions to mars would use less energy than those to the moon .  mars program certainly has challenges to overcome , but technological gap between us and mars is smaller than it was for the moon program in 1960s , he add .
 inside the world of rare mountain gorillas <sec> cnn 's zain verjee made a trip to uganda to see giant mountain gorillas .  she faced an arduous trek through the aptly named bwindi impenetrable national park .  the park is a home to some 300 of the endangered mountain gorilla .
 actor heath ledger dies at 28 <sec> new : ledger 's family calls his death `` very tragic , untimely and accidental '' .  an autopsy will be conducted wednesday .  no note was found and there was no indication of foul play , police say .  the academy award-nominated actor was the father of a young daughte .
 nascar driver inspires others to 'never give up ' <sec> brian vickers was diagnosed with blood clots in his leg , lungs and fingers .  the clots kept him out of the race car for almost all the 2010 season .  once recovered , vickers had to fight his way back onto the track full-time .  vickers now works with clot connect to help raise awareness and fund .
 nepalese journalist hacked to death <sec> nepalese journalist who reported on women 's rights is hacked to death .  killing of uma singh is part of pattern of violence directed at reporters in nepal .  journalists throughout nepal expected to stage demonstrations tuesda .
 uk parliament authorizes airstrikes on isis in iraq <sec> new : parliament overwhelmingly backs uk airstrikes on isis targets in iraq .  prime minister david cameron says a military campaign against isis in iraq is legal .  `` the hallmarks will be patience and persistence , not shock and awe , '' he says .  the motion approved by parliament ruled out troops on ground in iraq , action in syri .
 nigerian military official says he knows where kidnapped girls are <sec> the official says the nigerian military will not use force to try to rescue the girls .  `` we ca n't kill our girls in the name of trying to get them back , '' he reportedly says .  more than 200 schoolgirls were abducted in northern nigeria last month by boko hara .
 tiger woods in fresh injury setback <sec> tiger woods retires during final round of wgc-bridgestone invitational .  jarred his back shooting out of the bunker on the second hole .  woods only recently returned from back surgery three months ago .  he 's now a doubt for the pga championship and ryder cu .
 south american bird 'nests ' at english golf course <sec> a large flightless bird has escaped from the town of pelham , england .  attempts to track it down have led to a golf course five miles away .  members have spotted four-foot-tall creature dashing across greens and fairway .
 even vile funeral protests are free speech <sec> a new law expands limits on political protest on public land near military funerals .  gabe rottman : bill targets westboro baptist church , which rallies at military funerals .  wbc 's claim that troops die as divine retribution is protected by first amendment , he says .  rottman : all political speech , even if it 's unpopular or hateful , must be protected under la .
 grand jury indicts woman in '87 baby abduction <sec> the grand jury said the defendant `` willfully and knowingly '' seized the baby .  defendant pettway turned herself in last month .  carlina renae white , now 23 , was reunited with her birth mother last mont .
 russia lifts ban on some eu vegetables after e. coli alert <sec> new : five other countries on a `` waiting list '' to resume vegetable exports to russia .  vegetable imports from belgium and the netherlands will be allowed from tuesday .  russia banned fresh vegetables from the eu after a deadly e.coli outbreak centered in germany .  a fresh outbreak in france has sickened several peopl .
 pga tour : dustin johnson has not been suspended <sec> pga tour issues denial over dustin johnson ban reports .  his break from golf 'voluntary ' says tour .  johnson announced thursday he was facing 'personal challenges ' .  new : sergio garcia leading storm-hit wgc tournament in ohio .
 u.s. student testifies italian police pressured her <sec> new : u.s. student amanda knox says questioners badgered , slapped , confused her .  knox , ex-boyfriend on trial in death of knox 's british housemate , meredith kercher .  knox contends she was at boyfriend 's house the night kercher was killed .  ivory coast native rudy guede sentenced to 30 years for kercher 's murde .
 volcano 's eruption spurs evacuations , closes airport <sec> new : guayaquil airport closed until saturday afternoon .  emergency agency : no deaths , injuries reported , no more evacuations planned .  tungurahua volcano has erupted periodically since 199 .
 10-year-old wo n't face charges for setting fire , attorneys say <sec> there is no evidence that the boy intended to set the fire , prosecutors say .  he had faced possible charges in juvenile court after admitting to setting blaze .  the boy was playing with matches ; the blaze destroyed 21 homes .  the buckweed fire started october 21 north of los angele .
 official : mexican cartels use money , sex to bribe u.s. border agents <sec> 127 u.s. border or customs employees have been arrested since 2004 , an official says .  drug cartels use many ways to bribe agents , an inspector general 's report finds .  the anti-border corruption act will help , an official say .
 libyan government threatens aid ships heading for besieged port city <sec> new : libyan government threatens to sink aid ships .  new : nato says libyan forces intercepted while mining port .  at least nine dead , 30 wounded , a doctor say .
 north korean leader gives brother-in-law top job <sec> north korean leader kim jong-il added his brother-in-law to a military board .  analysts say move paves the way for an heir to be named .  jang song thaek is considered to be kim 's right-hand ma .
 coins minted for prince george 's christening <sec> special coins to mark the christening of prince george go into production .  he will be christened this month at the chapel royal , st. james 's palace .  the coins are available for sale , with the largest gold version priced at $ 80,00 .
 drones killing innocent pakistanis , u.n. official says <sec> the u.n. says the u.s. stands alone in its legal perspective on drone attacks .  u.n. : drones kill pakistani men doing everyday chores .  u.s. has 8,000 drones and unmanned planes flown by remote control .  obama says a target must meet `` very tight and very strict standards .
 disfigured freaks , hellish hounds and bloody babies ? <sec> every halloween , horror fans take the opportunity to scare others stiff .  now , hardcore halloween aficionados are creating horrifying new costumes .  oh no ! .  is ... is that woman 's face coming unzipped ? .  ! .  i think i 'm going to be sick.. .
 ngqura : inside 'world 's fastest growing port ' <sec> port of ngqura has been operating since october 2010 .  the combination of maritime port and landside infrastructure is changing the local economy .  coega industrial development zone created more than 13,000 jobs last year and led to another 13,000 getting training .  the port was the fastest growing terminal in the world for 2012 and 201 .
 american airlines flight makes emergency landing in colombia <sec> the plane was flying from costa rica to miami .  it made an emergency detour to san andres island , colombia .  no one was injured , a cnn affiliate report .
 twitter beefs up anti-troll tools <sec> twitter has improved tools for reporting abuse .  easier mobile reporting among is among the changes .  the move comes after wave of gamergate harassmen .
 fake bomb detector maker made millions from trick <sec> james mccormick is the man behind the ade 651 bomb detector .  but the device is fake and contains `` nothing inside , '' says detective inspector heath .  `` he targeted countries where terrorism and violence was rife , '' heath said . .  mccormick made millions and spent his earnings on a luxurious lifestyl .
 djokovic leads serbian tennis revolution <sec> djokovic reached a career high ranking of number two in the world in 2010 .  ana ivanovic claimed grand slam glory at the french open in 2008 .  serbia also has janko tipsarevic and viktor troicki ranked in the top 50 on the atp tou .
 prosecutor in 1994 buenos aires bombing dead <sec> prosecutor alberto nisman blamed iran for the 1994 bombing , which left 85 dead .  he also alleged that top argentine officials had worked to cover up iran 's involvement .  some officials have said nisman 's death appears to be suicide ; a probe is underwa .
 ariel castro dead : cleveland kidnapper commits suicide in prison <sec> new : at least two investigations will be conducted into his death .  prosecutor : castro could n't take what he dished out for a decade .  castro 's attorney says more protection should have been provided .  during his sentencing , castro played the victi .
 rare photo of teenage diana goes up for auction <sec> the photograph shows diana looking relaxed , lying next to a young man .  he reads next to her , leaning his book on her shoulder , a bottle of whiskey nearby .  it is stamped with a date two days after her engagement to prince charles was announced .  the image may have come from a newspaper archiv .
 jetblue offers solution to 'carmageddon ' <sec> this weekend , a 10-mile section of interstate 405 in california will be closed for construction .  anticipating `` carmageddon , '' jetblue sold flights between long beach and burbank for $ 4 .  jetblue announced that the flights were sold out three hours after initially tweeting the dea .
 fbi dive team to search for missing iowa girls <sec> new : police search mom 's home and confiscate computers with her consent .  new : dad walks out of polygraph session , says police accuse him of hurting girls .  drainage halted ahead of divers , sonar scan .  mothers say the girls do n't go to meyers lak .
 opinion : should race be a factor in adoption ? <sec> writer lola jaye says statistics show that black babies are less likely to be adopted than white ones in u.s. and uk . .  as both countries are now making it easier to adopt transracially , jaye delves into some of the issues .  jaye 's latest book portrays a nigerian girl adopted by a white family and her experiences seeking her identity .  she suggests some ways to help the families to better prepare for the challenges of transracial adoption .
 mcdermitt on 'walking dead 's ' stunning revelation <sec> 'the walking dead 's ' biggest mystery : does eugene hold the key to curing the `` walker virus '' ? .  eugene ( played by josh mcdermitt ) had a big episode sunday night .  mcdermitt describes what 's up with his character as well as his infamous mulle .
 car bakes in georgia sun for probe into toddler 's death <sec> new : ross harris terminated by the home depot , spokeswoman says .  leanna harris retains defense attorney lawrence zimmerman .  investigators try to simulate the heat inside the car that killed a georgia toddler .  cnn weather experts think the temperature may have reached 140 degree .
 mexico sees future with biofuels <sec> mexico has quietly positioned itself as a potential biofuels leader .  it oversaw the first transatlantic commercial flight using biofuel .  the agave plant also has potential for the country .  without land reform , private investment in sector is toug .
 computers stolen from steve jobs ' home <sec> more than $ 60,000 worth of computers , other items stolen from steve jobs ' home .  alameda , california , man arrested and charged with burglary , selling stolen property .  break-in occurred july 17 , although details and arrest are now just becoming publi .
 campaigners warn of threat to vietnam bear sanctuary <sec> online campaign launched to save bear sanctuary in vietnam from closure .  sanctuary provides home for rescued asiatic black bears .  bile from live bears extracted and used as traditional medicine .  appeal to vietnam 's prime minister to stop center 's closur .
 uganda 's little league team have a field of dreams <sec> lugazi team became the first team to represent africa in the little league world series .  winning a game against a team from oregon , they earned africa 's first-ever win .  uganda received the loudest cheer of all when they were announced at the ceremonie .
 canadian man arrested after disruption on airliner in miami <sec> fbi identifies the suspect in the miami airline incident as ryan snider of canada .  the 24-year-old man is likely to face federal charges , the fbi says .  snider rushed to the front of the plane after it landed , the agency say .
 charity marketing group investigated by two states for possible fraud <sec> tiny new mexico charity owes $ 5 million to direct mail firm .  that firm , quadriga art , is linked to a senate committee inquiry .  the senate is exploring how quadriga raised money for one charity .  at least 11 charities owe quadriga millions of dollar .
 source : retired general is pick for new intelligence chief <sec> retired air force lt. gen. james clapper to be nominated for intelligence post .  if confirmed , clapper would replace dennis blair , who resigned last month .  clapper is currently a top pentagon intelligence officia .
 parliament opens in myanmar after 20 year lapse <sec> session of parliament is the first in more than 20 years .  opposition leader suu kyi launches website .  suu kyi spent most of the past 20 years under house arrest or in prison .
 the boardroom master class <sec> cnn will host three boardroom master classes with business experts .  the first event will feature starbucks chairman howard schultz .  schultz will take e-mail and video questions from the cnn audienc .
 china 's xi jinping 's quotes available on smartphone app <sec> xi jinping 's sayings now available in a new smartphone app .  scholars call it a new version of mao 's `` little red book .
 country star clay walker on living with ms <sec> clay walker was diagnosed with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis at 26 .  he says he 's learned to eat a healthy diet and rely on his family .  walker has begun a campaign to educate ms patient .
 'the shield ' actor michael jace officially charged with wife 's murder <sec> michael jace 's arraignment continued until june 18 at the defense 's request .  april jace died from `` multiple gunshot wounds , '' autopsy finds .  april jace was found shot to death in a los angeles home monday night .  playing an lapd detective in `` the shield '' is jace 's biggest and longest-running rol .
 bin laden confidant emerged as voice of al qaeda <sec> detained man believed to be core al qaeda member .  he is married to one of bin laden 's daughters .  ghaith emerged as voice of the organizatio .
