 border officer gets 9 years for letting up to 165 illegally enter u.s . <sec> juan carlos guerrero pleaded guilty to bribery and smuggling last year .  he admitted letting between 80 to 165 people illegally cross into the u.s . .  guerrero worked the midnight shift at several ports of entry in texas .  guerrero and cohorts received bribes ranging from $ 500 to $ 3,000 per perso .
 michael jackson memorial draws crowds online <sec> new : web viewership of michael jackson 's memorial fell short of online records .  new : global web traffic was at least 19 percent above normal during service .  new : views of live video on cnn.com trailed president obama 's inauguration .  web sites braced themselves tuesday for heavy traffi .
 u.s. bans imports of 4 exotic snake species <sec> interior department announces ban on importing four non-native snake species .  pythons are a serious problem in the everglades , where they kill endangered native species .  the snakes are believed to be pets that escaped or were released .  ban should be in place by march ; felony violation could bring five-year prison sentenc .
 louisiana officials : one dead , at least 75 injured in plant blast <sec> new : a 29-year-old man from hammond was killed , officials say .  new : authorities update the condition of those who were hospitalized .  aside from a controlled burn , the fire at the chemical plant is out , official says .  hospitals report three people in critical conditio .
 sudan accused of darfur cover up <sec> international criminal court : sudan `` taken no steps '' to arrest darfur war criminals .  one suspect now in charge of humanitarian affairs for sudanese government .  allegations stem from 2003 counter-insurgency campaign by sudanese government .  united nations estimates about 300,000 people have died in darfur regio .
 cnn student news - march 6 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 opinion : 'pakistan must not give in to violence ' <sec> taliban condemn pakistani support for the united states .  ttp movement initially enjoyed some local support in restive region bordering afghanistan .  taliban violence has increased as the new leadership seeks to assert its authority .  pakistan must defend its vibrant tradition of public politics and plurality , says analys .
 mexican cult accused of forced labor <sec> mexican authorities raid a cult operating in nuevo laredo , mexico .  the group is said to have been involved in kidnapping and forced labor .  three mexican citizens are being held on suspicion of human trafficking .  14 foreigners were detained , and some will be deporte .
 should george zimmerman be prosecuted ? <sec> eugene o'donnell : prosecutor needs to see if zimmerman can be proven guilty .  o'donnell : no american should ever be prosecuted for a crime because of demands of crowds .  he says prosecutors should vigorously pursue cases when justice demands it .  o'donnell : major challenge for prosecution would be disproving zimmerman 's stor .
 obama talks same-sex marriage on 'the view ' <sec> poll : 51 % of americans approve of president obama 's support for same-sex marriage .  this issue is going to be a big contrast in the 2012 campaign , obama says .  mitt romney says marriage should be between a man and a woman .  this is obama 's fourth appearance on `` the view .
 iceland fishing for deal on eu quotas <sec> the fishing industry is the backbone of iceland 's economy .  but the country is at loggerheads with eu members over its mackerel fishing .  ireland has called for the eu to impose sanctions against iceland for over-fishing .  iceland minister : dispute is making country question pitch for eu membershi .
 'occupy ' protesters , police clash during 'day of action ' <sec> new : a total of 50 are arrested in two incidents in l.a. , an officer says .  a total of 245 people are arrested in new york , according to police .  48 are arrested in 3 incidents in portland , oregon , say police .  n.y. authorities say that at least 6 police were hurt while on dut .
 daily life at guantanamo : hunger strikes , sprays of filth <sec> more than half the 166 detainees are on hunger strikes .  inmates routinely taunt and splash guards with urine and feces .  obama says he still wants to close the facilit .
 tiger 's struggles cast ryder cup participation in doubt <sec> tiger woods misses cut at pga championship .  14-time major winner can not now automatically qualify for ryder cup .  woods has struggled with injury and form in 201 .
 djokovic seals atp tour finals spot but says nadal is french favorite <sec> novak djokovic qualifies for season-ending atp world tour finals event in london .  world number two has won 37 straight matches and seven titles in 2011 .  despite his imperious form the serbian still claims rafael nadal is favorite for french open .  djokovic can be crowned world number one if he reaches the final at roland garro .
 dortmund defeat mainz to top bundesliga <sec> borussia dortmund are back on top of the german bundesliga table .  dortmund defeat mainz 2-0 to overtake their title rivals by a single point .  hoffenheim up to third position after thrashing hanover 4-0 on sunday .  villarreal need a late penalty to claim a 1-1 draw against sporting gijon in spai .
 'the great gatsby ' gets new release date <sec> the eagerly anticipated `` great gatsby '' has been pushed back .  it will now open on may 10 .  the film stars leonardo dicaprio , carey mulligan , and joel edgerto .
 storms rattle parts of southeast <sec> new : atlanta 's airport , world 's busiest , has more than 500 delays by 7 p.m . .  et .  wind damage may be more prevalent than tornadoes , with gusts up to 70 mph .  an expansive storm system stretches from the u.s. gulf coast to ontario .  monday marked the first october u.s. deaths from tornadoes since 200 .
 ukraine sporting great sergey bubka urges nation to end violence <sec> sergey bubka tells cnn he wants the violence in ukraine to stop .  former olympic champion wants government and protesters to `` start dialogue again '' .  cnn told at least 100 people have died and 500 injured since thursday morning .  two members of ukraine winter olympics team withdraw from sochi game .
 michael jackson 's death was a homicide , coroner rules <sec> new : lawyer for jackson physician says report reveals `` nothing new '' .  federal , state agencies launch independent probes into jackson 's death .  jackson died from lethal combination of drugs , los angeles coroner 's office says .  the legendary pop singer was found dead on june 2 .
 southwestern u.s. braces for blizzard conditions <sec> transportation and emergency crews are on call in new mexico , officials say .  a market in tucumcari , new mexico , was `` packed '' sunday , a resident says .  `` it 's going to be a big one for us , '' another resident says .  a blizzard warning is out for parts of new mexico , colorado , texas , oklahoma and kansa .
 priest in puerto rico charged with sex abuse <sec> israel berrios berrios , 58 , arrested in puerto rico .  berrios allegedly gained mother 's trust before allegedly abusing 14-year-old boy .  berrios : `` i am very much at peace .
 massachusetts appeals ruling on prisoner sex change <sec> the state says it 's giving michelle kosilek adequate treatment for her disorder .  a federal judge ruled sept. 6 that sex-change surgery was the only adequate treatment .  kosilek twice attempted to castrate herself , court documents sho .
 muscles and movies - l.a. through the year <sec> the l.a. film festival offers a chance to enjoy cinema in its spiritual home .  check out the ridiculously buffs bodies at the muscle beach competition .  join thousands of party people for new year 's eve at giant maximu .
 'pimp my golf cart ' <sec> adapted golf carts are growing in popularity across europe .  99 % of sales are for individual use in the usa .  modern carts built with leather seats , airbags and ipod players .  'pimped ' golf carts are seen as status symbo .
 news corp. 's in-store ad firm faced several u.s. lawsuits <sec> a news corp. in-store ad company 's practices have led to lawsuits .  rivals claimed news america employed unsavory tactics .  is news america isolated or is it murdoch 's corporate culture ? .  news corp. also faces allegations of phone hacking and possible anti-bribery violation .
 natalie cole needs kidney , gets offers during show <sec> during `` live king live , '' dozens e-mail offering to see whether they are a match .  singer to larry king : `` i 'm on a very long list , which is why we are looking to donors '' .  natalie cole says she was diagnosed with hepatitis c in february 2008 .  she links the illness to her struggles to stop using cocaine and heroi .
 blacks & whites diverge on race and police in america <sec> whites and blacks tend to have different views of race and police .  that divide has been on display since the deaths of michael brown and eric garner .  some also have a pro-police mentality that sees blue firs .
 cory gardner defeats udall , key pickup for gop <sec> rep. cory gardner unseated incumbent sen. mark udall .  udall was widely panned for running a one-issue race by focusing on women 's issue .
 murray crashes out in paris as atp finals line-up is completed <sec> andy murray beaten by poland 's jerzy janowicz.in third round of paris masters .  first time in past two years that a masters 1000 winner will come from outside the top four .  argentina 's martin del potro suffers shock defeat by france 's michael llodra .  janko tipsarevic keeps london dreams alive by defeating juan monaco in three set .
 vanuatu patients in dire need in cyclone-hit hospital <sec> a 9-year-old girl with head injuries urgently needs airlifting for surgery , doctor says .  he is the only doctor at the only hospital on the island of tanna in vanuatu .  tropical cyclone pam has caused widespread damage across the island natio .
 iranian filmmaker 's pain over 'fiancee ' saberi 's time in jail <sec> iranian filmmaker bahman ghobadi talks about his film 's co-writer roxana saberi .  american journalist saberi was recently released from jail in iran after three months .  ghobadi says he feels responsible for her time in jail and that they will marry soon .  `` no one knows about persian cats '' chronicles underground musicians in tehra .
 horseball , dubbed 'quidditch on a horse ' , seeks olympics place <sec> horseball mixes rugby and basketball on horseback in teams of six .  france dominates the sport , which has its origins in argentina 's national game , pato .  players say horseball is one of the only `` true '' team events in equestrian sport .  horseball is coming to the u.s. and the sport has future olympic ambition .
 frank ocean unveils new song <sec> frank ocean unveiled a new song friday .  it 's been two years since his acclaimed debut album , `` channel orange '' .  the artist presented the song with no fanfare .  he 's reportedly been in the studio working on another albu .
 timeline shows conflicting reports on cause of bhutto 's death <sec> pakistani government now says bhutto died after hitting head on sunroof lever .  reports early friday said bhutto died from a gunshot wound to the neck .  reports later friday said flying shrapnel from a suicide bomb killed bhutt .
 naughty nurses , ninjas bring your food <sec> some restaurants dish up plenty of taste and the sight of their servers in wild costumes .  an assassin might serve you at ninja new york , or captain orion at mars 2112 .  wenches work in medieval times , while naughty nurses serve at heart attack gril .
 relocation of u.s. base in japan likely wo n't happen after japanese election <sec> takeshi onaga defeats two-term incumbent in okinawa 's gubernatorial race .  onaga wants u.s. marine base there closed , not just relocated .  the current governor approved relocation plans last year after 17 years of deadlock .  crimes by u.s. military personnel have made the base controversia .
 celebration in north korean capital marks 100 years since founder 's birth <sec> new : kim jong un touts the importance of the revolution begun by his grandfather .  new : he stresses the military 's significance and vows citizens wo n't starve again .  he spoke during a celebration in pyongyang celebrating kim jong un 's birth 100 years earlie .
 ebola outbreak : 'it 's even worse than i 'd feared ' <sec> more than 2,600 people have been infected by ebola in west africa .  the ebola outbreak has killed nearly 1,500 .  cdc staff member flown home after coming in close proximity with infected worker .  cdc staffer is healthy and showing no signs of ebola viru .
 cnn student news transcript special : technology <sec> get a glimpse at the next generation of gadgets .  how the teaching role of mp3 players is growing .  what officials say about tech on campu .
 martin short stays sunny-side up <sec> martin short 's memoir details love , loss , life and celebrity encounters .  the comic actor maintains a sunny disposition despite significant heartbreak .  short : elizabeth taylor told me she was `` a total clifford freak '' .  short on david letterman 's retirement : `` it 's horrifying to think no dave on tv .
 cdc : salmonella outbreak appears to be over <sec> salmonella cases have been dropping since early july , cdc says .  fda says it 's ok to eat raw serrano and jalapeño peppers from mexico .  about 286 people were hospitalized from the salmonella saintpaul strai .
 neglected graves home to 'invisible dead ' <sec> duncan shropshire takes daughter mia-grave to see where ancestors are buried .  the family grave dates to the 1800s , shropshire says .  gravemarkers used in black burial sites include iron pipes , broken dishes , trees .  people were buried in different parts of the cemetery based on skin color , shropshire explain .
 sri lanka frees former army leader fonseka <sec> new : television footage shows sarath fonseka walking out of prison .  a letter pardoning fonseka has been sent to the prison authorities .  he fell out of favor with president rajapaksa after challenging him in election .
 from expansive wilderness to wildlife , alaska 's got it all <sec> alaska is a huge state , so start by figuring out what kinds of things you want to do .  many travelers start in anchorage , site of the state 's largest airport and several trails .  denali national park is home to north america 's highest peak , mount mckinley .  have you ever been to alaska ? .  share photos from your journe .
 commentary : is obama skidding or crashing ? <sec> penn jillette : if you 're on ice , turning into a skid can help avoid a crash .  jillette says such counterintuitive actions sometimes work .  jillette : other times , we 're better off following our intuition .  he asks whether we can get out of a debt-driven crisis by taking on lots more deb .
 analysis : crisis may lead to new world order <sec> first challenge for g-20 is to not make things worse .  u.s. , uk looking for financial stimulus to boost economies .  france , germany want more regulation ; big question is what will china do ? .  asian , latin american nations ' involvement at g-20 may reduce g-8 influenc .
 reporter 's notebook : remembering the mumbai terror attack <sec> five years ago tuesday , a group of terrorists killed 164 people in mumbai .  10 pakistani men with the terror group lashkar-e-tayyiba led the attack .  kapur : covering the aftermath `` was the hardest assignment i have ever had .
 in blackberry 's future , keyboards may be an afterthought <sec> with the z10 , blackberry 's iconic keyboard is gone .  the click-clacking of keys has become a thing of the past on smartphones .  blackberry says screen still has the feel of a bb keyboard .  the new q10 , with keyboard , is a `` retro play '' some sa .
 japan footballers unite for quake victims <sec> japan will play a charity match to support victims of the country 's recent earthquake .  the samurai blue will play a team selected from japan 's j-league .  last week 's earthquake in the country has already killed more than 6,500 peopl .
 study : obamacare gave 10 million americans health insurance <sec> according to a joint study , 10 million americans gained health coverage this year .  the gain was due primarily to the affordable care act .  there was a 5 % drop in uninsured adults from september 2013 to april 201 .
 spanish unemployment hits almost 23 % <sec> new spanish pm mariano rajoy is struggling to create jobs and stop the economy shrinking .  spanish employers are pushing for a profound reform of the country 's rigid labour marke .
 ugly weather slows holiday travelers <sec> new : more than 2,800 flights delayed on wednesday .  new : one traveler uses extra time to buy gifts at airport shops .  new : system steers away from chicago , sparing windy city from snowfall .  tornado system kills four in mississipp .
 critical java vulnerability due to incomplete earlier patch <sec> java vulnerability is due to incomplete patch by oracle , researcher says .  java 's software is on more than 1 billion pcs , smartphones and other computers .  people who do n't use java are encouraged to uninstall i .
 prince harry heads home from afghanistan <sec> new : british officials confirm that prince harry on his way back to uk .  decision was made to pull prince from afghanistan amid fears for safety .  breaking of a news embargo has put the prince at risk , uk military said .  islamist web sites have alerted militants to capture the princ .
 2013 : a year for big issues in the courts <sec> jeffrey toobin : 2013 will see pivotal decisions in several key areas of law .  he says supreme court could decide fate of same-sex marriage .  affirmative action for public college admissions is also on court 's agenda .  toobin : newtown massacre put gun control debate back in the forefron .
 why we must try to save oiled birds <sec> rehabilitating oiled birds is a difficult and risky effort , says david mizejewski .  naturalist says birds may not survive the return to a natural environment .  but saving birds can help ensure survival of endangered species , mizejewski says .  people caused this problem ; many feel ethical duty to save as many birds as possible , he say .
 hollande : 4 french soldiers , interpreter killed in afghanistan <sec> new : french president says four soldiers , interpreter killed .  five soldiers and three civilians were wounded in kapisa province .  france is planning to withdraw its combat troops by year 's end .  another isaf service member died in a separate inciden .
 michelle obama hits the campaign trail <sec> michelle obama makes her campaign trail debut monday .  she attends two events monday for michelle nunn .  nunn , a democrat , is seeking the open u.s. senate seat in georgia .  the first lady has more favorable poll ratings than her husban .
 alaska volcano expected to erupt soon <sec> new : scientists raise alert level to `` watch , '' the second highest state of alert .  the 10,200-foot mount redoubt is about 100 miles southwest of anchorage , alaska .  volcano last erupted in december 1989 .  eruption could spawn huge mudflows , disrupt flights with as .
 after 'merkozy , ' what next for europe ? <sec> nicolas sarkozy quick to throw off the `` merkozy '' mantle early on in his campaigning .  merkel stood by her one-time ally , saying she continued to support his re-election bid .  german chancellor 's office has made no official overtures to hollande .  hollande for his part had said that if he does become president , his first trip will be to berli .
 monster ride : surfer catches 'world 's biggest wave ' <sec> garret mcnamara 's wave believed to be 100 feet high .  small portuguese fishing village has some of the world 's most dangerous surf .  giant swells generated by unique deep water canyon .
 lisa ling : what i learned in strip clubs <sec> lisa ling goes inside the lives of four traveling strippers .  she admits she had reservations about `` women who use their bodies to earn a living '' .  filming the `` road strip '' episode of her cnn show changed her viewpoint .  watch `` this is life with lisa ling : road strip '' sunday , november 2 , at 10 p.m .
 low-carb diets similar to low-fat diets for weight loss <sec> a new study suggests any low-carb or low-fat diet can help with weight loss .  the average sustained weight loss after one year was 16 pounds .  cardiovascular risk factors reduced with low-carb diet , study finds .  lack of fiber , potassium , vitamin c are possible side effects of extreme low-carb diet .
