 abu dhabi 's newest record ? solar-powered flight <sec> solar impulse 2 plans to make a record-breaking solar flight around the world .  abu dhabi is the host city for the trip .  the plane will fly around the world in four to five months .  it will fly as long as 120 hours non-sto .
 'it 's all about border safety ' for dhs , napolitano says <sec> strategy aimed at preventing spillover violence , says chief of homeland security .  napolitano says plan includes money for programs to help reduce demand for drugs .  agents will inspect southbound vehicles for weapons entering mexico , she says .  u.s. evaluating whether to send national guard to border areas in u.s. , she say .
 new york police shoot , kill man who threatened to 'kill some cops ' <sec> man threatens police in calls to emergency center .  the suspect is hit with a taser , then shot by police .  the suspect reportedly had a knife , witnesses say in a police repor .
 drilling to reach trapped chilean miners begins <sec> new : camera , just two inches wide , produces second video .  solid food , music and a book are being sent down to miners .  the effort to rescue the miners may take up to four months .  nasa specialists are set to arrive this week to offer suppor .
 'lord of the rings ' tower could be tallest in africa <sec> the al noor tower in casablanca has been proposed by a dubai-based construction company .  at 540 meters it would be africa 's tallest skyscraper upon completion .  planning permission is still to be granted and a definitive site for the structure identifie .
 british lostprophets rock star jailed 35 years for child abuse <sec> singer sentenced for string of child sex offenses .  trial judge says case broke `` new ground '' .  two co-defendants also sentenced .  police say related investigations ongoing in germany and u.s .
 marine 's wife disappears at joshua tree natl . park <sec> erin corwin , 19 , disappeared in southern california more than a week ago .  she was at joshua tree national park checking photo locations when she vanished .  police say her disappearance is suspiciou .
 microsoft prepares windows 8 for battle against the ipad <sec> apple ipad has sold more than 25 million units in less than a year and a half .  nothing has emerged as the alternative to the ipad -- a problem and opportunity for microsoft .  windows 8 will be unveiled at the microsoft build conference tuesda .
 nobel goes to scientist who knocked down 'berlin wall ' of chemistry <sec> daniel shechtman 's discovery was like the fall of the berlin wall , a scientist says .  shechtman `` tore apart what we thought we knew , '' peter mueller of mit says .  islamic tile patterns hundreds of years old help explain the discovery .  the nobel prize in chemistry is worth about $ 1.44 millio .
 felipe massa : brazil faces f1 driver crisis <sec> felipe massa is lining up for his final race for ferrari this weekend at his home circuit .  the brazilian is moving to the williams team after being replaced by kimi raikkonen .  massa is worried that brazil 's production of racing stars appears to be waning .  new : nico rosberg fastest in practice friday with massa back in sevent .
 stench came from casey anthony 's car , says her father and tow manager <sec> new : casey anthony 's father admits he wished he 'd done `` a lot of things '' differently .  new : george anthony insists he did n't try to hide evidence , info from his daughter 's car .  george anthony and a tow manager testified the car smelled of decomposition .  casey anthony is accused of killing her 2-year-old daughter in 200 .
 obama makes case for universal coverage , end of medical red tape <sec> new : ama official welcomes speech , calls for malpractice protection for doctors .  president calls for insurers to stop denying coverage for pre-existing conditions .  he also wants modernized record-keeping , cut in paperwork , increased efficiency .  ama agrees nation needs health care reform , is unsure about public option pla .
 rand paul takes veiled swipe at jeb bush on common core - cnnpolitics.com <sec> sen. rand paul is strongly opposed to common core .  he thinks republicans who support it in 2016 will fail in the primaries .  former florida gov . .  jeb bush has been a staunch advocate .  common core is a set of national standards for math and englis .
 merkel admits germany 's 'holocaust shame ' <sec> german chancellor has told the knesset of germany 's `` holocaust shame '' .  angela merkel became first german chancellor to address israeli parliament .  she called on iran to prove it did not want the bomb .  merkel said she supports the two-state solution to the mideast conflic .
 emma watson gives feminism new life ( opinion ) <sec> emma watson gives a rousing speech at the united nations about gender inequality .  gayle lemmon : watson is the latest star to illuminate the rebranding of feminism .  she says that to date we have seen a lot of promise and much less progress .  lemmon : the hard part is to take action and make changes to create a fairer worl .
 review : rage against the machine 's reissued album <sec> rage against the machine has reissued its 1992 album .  review : only `` nevermind '' and `` the chronic '' rival it for '90s cultural impact .  the reissued album comes with dvds of live shows and music video .
 flotsam from 2011 japan tsunami reaches alaska <sec> `` if you walk up and down this beach , you 'll see big chunks , '' alaska man says .  noaa says it does n't have the budget to clean remote areas .  tsunami debris could be washing ashore for a year , noaa say .
 defense chief asks for plans to close guantanamo camp <sec> camp holds about 250 inmates , down from peak of about 750 .  defense secretary robert gates asks pentagon staff to draw up closure plans .  gates anticipates possible move by barack obama to close camp .  president-elect has pledged to shut down guantanam .
 opel workers strike after gm abandons sale <sec> opel workers in germany strike thursday over gm 's decision to abandon sale of automaker .  gm 's opel restructuring plan could eliminate as many as 10,000 jobs .  u.s. parent company says improving business environment behind its decision not to sell opel .  gm said in march it wanted to sell opel after reporting losses of $ 30.9 billio .
 china denies it stole designs for new u.s. fighter <sec> german magazine der spiegel published documents purportedly from nsa leaker edward snowden .  documents say u.s. believes china stole `` many terabytes of data '' related to its new f-35 fighter jet .  snowden is currently living in russia and faces charges of espionage in the united state .
 shot by the taliban , malala was a favorite for the nobel peace prize <sec> malala yousafzai would have been the youngest recipient of any nobel prize .  she is modest , saying getting it now would have been early , as she wants to work for it first .  she would like to be pakistan 's prime minister , so she can spend more on education for all .  after the taliban shot her , the world and powerful leaders rallied around her caus .
 new york city 's biggest gun bust ever yields 254 weapons , 19 arrests <sec> more than 250 illegal guns seized in bust , new york mayor michael bloomberg says .  two men smuggled guns into new york city in separate operations , officials say .  17 others arrested in schemes that began in north carolina and south carolina , officials say .  high-capacity weapons among the undercover purchases , which totaled $ 160,000 , officials sa .
 mississippi teen charged with capital murder in alleged hate killing <sec> deryl paul dedmon , 19 , is also charged with a hate-crime enhancement .  james craig anderson , 48 , who is black , was beaten by a group of white teens .  anderson , a factory worker who sang in a church choir , was also run over by a truck .  prosecutor plans to seek indictments against other teens allegedly involve .
 garcia sees off the rain to secure a ryder cup berth <sec> spanish golfer is guaranteed a place in the european team to play at medinah , illinois .  the 2008 players championship was the last time garcia had won in the us before today .  south african tim clark shared the lead at one stage but finished two shots behind .  rain forced an extra day 's play for 38 golfers at final round of the wyndham championshi .
 video of police beating in brooklyn sparks investigation <sec> video shows male officer hitting suspect dozens of times .  it also shows a female officer striking suspect repeatedly with a truncheon .  `` this video does not indicate new york 's finest , '' assemblyman say .
 ahmadinejad will sink or swim on public appeal of his stubborn zeal <sec> iran 's president mahmoud ahmadinejad known for hostility toward u.s. , israel .  incumbent in tight race to win second four-year term as president .  ahmadinejad has defied iaea over inspections of nuclear facilities .  some voters think less belligerent foreign policy would help economy , writer say .
 u.s. hispanics reside mostly in california , texas and florida <sec> study : some of fastest growing hispanic populations are in southeast states .  pew : more than half of u.s.hispanics reside in california , texas and florida .  california has nation 's largest hispanic population , according to stud .
 is the photo better than the vacation ? <sec> any trip can be turned into a great tale with amazing pictures .  photos remind one ireporter of the good times she spent with family , not everyone 's illnesses .  visiting a hospital for relief from itching was the highlight of one couple 's honeymoon .  father can remember his now-grown children playing and bickering during camping trip .
 sollecito : amanda knox 'incapable of killing ' <sec> raffaele sollecito gives first interview since being convicted of murder of meredith kercher .  sollecito says former girlfriend amanda knox is `` a sweet girl '' .  knox sentenced to 26 years , raffaele sollecito sentenced to 25 year .
 former troops say time has come for women in combat units <sec> new : hawaii representative who is a combat vet : `` major step , long overdue '' .  defense department is expected to lift a policy against women in combat units .  a critic says women will be hard-pressed to meet physical requirements .  one active-duty soldier says none of her troops is interested in a combat jo .
 fighting cancer with mustaches <sec> movember encourages men to grow mustaches to raise cancer awareness .  the health charity includes almost 1 million participants globally .  last year , movember raised $ 126.3 million to fight cance .
 u.s. siblings recovering after caribbean shipwreck <sec> the boat two siblings were on sank on sunday off the coast of saint lucia .  they spent many hours in the water before reaching shore .  all four people on the boat survive .
 winter blues will turn pink : cherry blossom season starts <sec> the national cherry blossom festival starts march 20 .  this is one of the largest spring festivals in the united states .  more than one million people travel to washington to see these blooming flower .
 al-shabaab leader killed in drone strike , pentagon says <sec> adan garar , connected to the 2013 westgate mall attack in kenya , was riding in a vehicle that was struck from the air .  he was killed in southwestern somalia , the u.s. military sai .
 report : 33 syrian army members defect to turkey <sec> new : at least 80 people were killed monday , an opposition group says ; syria reports 20 `` martyrs '' .  the defections include a syrian general and at least 4 other officers , two sources say .  the eu announces a new round of sanctions against syria .  u.n. human rights chief calls for referral of the case to the international criminal cour .
 pope francis lays down the law on child sex abuse on vatican grounds <sec> abuse victims advocacy group dismisses the law as a `` feel good gesture '' .  any form of child pornography is also forbidden under pope 's new initiative .  the new laws include other measures to ensure humane behavior by church officials .  they are part of an update to the vatican 's legal system started by pope benedict xv .
 nobel literature laureate günter grass is dead <sec> grass tried in his literature to come to grips with world war ii and the nazi era .  his characters were the downtrodden , and his style slipped into the surreal .  he stoked controversy with his admission to being a member of the waffen s .
 death of gaelic football star 's wife investigated as homicide <sec> new : `` this is too horrible to contemplate . .  we are just all devastated , '' her father says .  police say robbery might have been a motive in michaela harte 's strangulation .  she was on her honeymoon with gaelic football star john mcareavey in mauritius .  police say mcareavey is not a suspec .
 silva lining wo n't be enough for brazil star <sec> brazil will host the world cup next year for the first time since 1950 .  captain thiago silva desperate to win competition on home soil after 64 years of hurt .  silva pleads for critics of neymar to go easy on the talented young forward .  ronaldinho and kaka could still feature in next year 's tournamen .
 egypt 's muslim brotherhood : has its moment arrived ? <sec> muslim brotherhood members had to endure decades of persecution by egyptian authorities .  it has drawn wide support in egypt during times of crisis when the government was seen as slow .  it was widely involved in the protests that led to the fall of hosni mubarak 's regime .  but it remained on sidelines during recent protests against the ruling supreme council of the armed force .
 police : kenya 's olympic marathon champ jumps to death <sec> new : international olympic committee praises wanjiru as an accomplished runner .  new : the ioc says `` our thoughts are with his family and friends '' .  new : police say samuel wanjiru died when he jumped from a balcony .  wanjiru 's death is under investigation , police sa .
 ferguson makes history with city council vote <sec> for the first time ever , ferguson 's city council will be half black .  the two winning black candidates vowed to bring reform .  the election was a critical test in this beleaguered cit .
 kim kardashian wo n't wear jewelry to the gym <sec> `` i think more is more when it comes to fun accessories , '' kardashian says .  kardashian likes her ice , but she does n't wear it to the gym .  kardashian admits that she loves having a jewelry line to call her ow .
 pacquiao wins eighth different belt after margarito destruction <sec> pacquiao the only boxer in history to have won a world title at seven different weights .  took wbc light-middleweight title after win over mexico 's antonio margarito .  eagerly-awaited clash with american floyd mayweather jr. no neare .
 clashes erupt over west bank religious shrines <sec> sites include rachel 's tomb in bethlehem and tomb of the patriarchs in hebron .  tomb of the patriarchs is known to palestinians as ibrahimi mosque .  tomb revered by jews and muslims as holy and has been a point of frequent conflict .  rachel 's tomb is known to palestinians as the mosque of bila .
 ten greatest upsets in men 's tennis history <sec> `` king of clay '' rafael nadal records his first loss at the french open .  nadal 's win widely reported as one of the biggest upsets in grand slam tennis .  debate : tell us what match is your biggest tennis upset of all tim .
 q & a ; : how does an air crash investigation work ? <sec> official : asiana flight 214 was traveling slower than was recommended .  air crash investigators must complete analysis of events leading up to crash .  national transportation safety board investigating asiana incident .  investigators will look at all factors , from mechanical to huma .
 court : former bush official can not be sued over 'enemy combatant ' memos <sec> an appeals court dismisses a lawsuit filed by convicted terrorist jose padilla .  he wanted to sue john yoo , who issued legal memos supporting harsh techniques .  the court says that `` at the time ( yoo ) acted the law was not sufficiently clear .
 with nevada , same-sex marriage legal in 26 states <sec> new : in nevada , state senator and partner become first same-sex couple to wed .  nevada becomes 26th state allowing same-sex marriage ; west virginia may be next .  in west virginia , the governor says he wo n't challenge federal court ruling .
 real fail to beat uefa champions ruling <sec> real madrid fail in their bid to overturn uefa ruling regarding player eligibility .  real wanted to register newcomers klaas jan huntelaar and lassana diarra .  uefa say only one player per club can appear for two sides in same seaso .
 christmas : texas ' holiday greetings law ( opinion ) <sec> texas passed a law allowing `` merry christmas '' and `` happy holidays '' .  danny cevallos : constitution makes it clear such a law is n't needed .  courts are ok with religious expression in public places most of the time .  cevallos : government ca n't be entangled with religion , but there 's no strict separatio .
 child 's body found under tarp in middle of texas street <sec> new : ktvt : the child 's body was decomposing .  the body was found on a residential street in saginaw .  police are looking for a red truck with green paint splattered on i .
 morgan to jeff bridges : 'you 're the dude ' <sec> jeff bridges ' acting career has spanned 40 years and 60 films .  he took a year off from acting to concentrate on music , will release an album august 16 .  bridges is the spokesperson for the no kid hungry campaign to end child hunger in the u.s .
 an insider 's guide to driving in italy <sec> italian drivers are fast , aggressive and skillful , so make sure to drive decisively .  watch out for traffic restrictions because many city centers are off-limits to unauthorized traffic .  apart from a driving license and car documents , it 's worth having some coins for parking meter .
 international adoption : from refugee to soccer mvp <sec> srey powers , a former khmer refugee , was adopted from cambodia at the age of six .  she was left in an orphanage without explanation of what was happening to her .  twelve years later she traveled with her adoptive mother to find her cambodian family .  she found her grandmother , who said : `` forgive me for giving you away .
 lollapalooza coming to israel in 2013 <sec> lollapalooza coming to israel in 2013 .  musical festival will take place over three days in tel aviv park .  announcement made at lollapalooza in chicag .
 immigrant workers leave struggling spain <sec> argentinean workers in spain are returning home for economic security .  spain hit by euro crisis has 21.5 percent unemployment ; and it 's more than double that for young people .  laura dominguez said it was reminiscent of argentina 's 2001 financial meltdown .  she returned to argentina -- and some spanish workers are following he .
 burkina faso names new prime minister after weeks of unrest <sec> the former ambassador to france was named prime minister .  students have been protesting for months .  a group of security guards revolted last wee .
 this week on marketplace middle east <sec> mme learns about oil shale exploration in jordan .  mme meets up with leonardo maugeri who predicts a steep drop in oil prices by 2020 .  maugeri says high oil prices are fueling the growth of unconventional oils such as oil shal .
 nasa 's rovers mark five years on red planet <sec> nasa 's mars rovers are celebrating their fifth birthday on the red planet .  spirit and opportunity have exceeded their expected life by 4 years , 9 months .  pair are still rolling around the planet 's surface , conducting experiment .
 opinion : 'the washington well of hope ' <sec> poor water sanitation kills more children each year than aids , malaria and measles combined .  over three-quarters of a billion people do not have access to clean drinking water .  international ngo wateraid helps provide safe domestic water , sanitation and hygiene educatio .
 creating the sounds of 'star wars ' <sec> the `` star wars '' digital collection is set for release this week .  special features include behind-the-scenes stories on the unique alien sounds from the movi .
 reese witherspoon 's parents in bigamy dispute <sec> mary elizabeth witherspoon : she learned of her husband 's marriage in a newspaper .  `` i fear that he has early onset dementia , '' she says of her husband .  the witherspoons , married for 42 years , separated in 1996 but never divorced .  reese witherspoon 's rep says `` no comment '' on her parents ' disput .
 medicare 'doc fix ' solved by bipartisan senate vote <sec> bill passes 92 to 8 ; passage came just hours before cuts to physicians would have taken place .  gop presidential candidates ted cruz and marco rubio vote against the bill , candidate rand paul votes for i .
