 levon helm , co-founder of the band , dead at 71 <sec> helm , the drummer , multi-instrumentalist and singer for the band , is dead at 71 .  he had been suffering from throat cancer .  helm is best known for providing the vocals to the band 's rock 'n ' roll standard .
 review : jason derulo 's 'future history ' <sec> jason derulo swings hard , but often misses .  it 's when he scales back on the synths , as on ''that 's my shhh , '' that he thrills .  perhaps his biggest problem is that he 's not rooted in any genre outside of people-pleasing po .
 opinion : failure to attract millennials is sinking the gop <sec> gop consultant margaret hoover says her party missed the boat in 2012 with millennials .  obama won the millennial vote by 34 percentage points in 2008 and 23 points in 2012 .  republican stances on marriage and immigration turn away millennials , hoover says .  gop should emphasize its strong points -- fiscal conservatism , national defens .
 isis claims it 's beheaded one japanese hostage <sec> japanese and u.s. authorities say the video seems authentic .  hostage kenji goto holds a photo of what appears to be beheaded compatriot haruna yukawa .  isis is now demanding the release of a prisoner in jordan in exchange for got .
 the 'jimmy choos ' of horseshoes <sec> an australian company says it can manufacture a horseshoe made of titanium .  weighing less than traditional aluminum horseshoes , horses can potentially run faster .  advances in 3-d scanning helped to deliver the final product , the firm says .  a set of four shoes costs about $ 560 and one version was made in purpl .
 clashes erupt after palestinian teenager 's funeral <sec> new : more than 60 people injured in fighting in jerusalem after palestinian teen 's funeral .  family buries slain teenager after funeral held at east jerusalem mosque .  israel tightens security around jerusalem .  police investigating whether boy 's death in retaliation for killings of three israeli teen .
 michael grimm announces resignation - cnnpolitics.com <sec> rep. michael grimm will resign effective jan. 5 , he announced monday night .  he plead guilty to tax evasion but had resisted calls to resign .  the congressman narrowly won re-election after being hit with a 20-count indictment .  house speaker john boehner called grimm 's decision to step down `` honorable .
 piers morgan 's choice for 1st interview : larry king <sec> new : morgan says he 'd like to have larry king as his first interview .  morgan `` made his name posing tough questions to public figures , '' cnn-us chief says .  he has been a judge on `` america 's got talent '' and `` britain 's got talent .
 serb ex-president cleared of war crimes <sec> u.n. tribunal clears ex-serb president milan milutinovic of war crimes .  milutinovic , 4 other top serbs officials face charges of crimes against humanity .  allegations centered on serb-led campaign in kosovo in 199 .
 mutu ordered to pay chelsea $ 20.7m after losing drug case appeal <sec> romanian striker adrian mutu ordered to pay former club chelsea $ 20.7 million .  mutu lost his final appeal against fifa sanction for breach of contract .  chelsea sued the player for breach of contract after he tested positive for cocain .
 obama administration to release drone strike justification memo - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the obama administration will comply with a court ruling to release the memo .  a redacted document will be released to the public after a judge approves it .  the memo outlines the legal argument for targeting u.s. citizens on foreign soil .  u.s. citizen anwar al-awlaki was killed in yemen in a drone strike in 201 .
 nurse in uk royals prank buried in india <sec> about 3,000 people attend the mass and burial , priest says .  jacintha saldanha took the prank call from djs seeking info on the duchess of cambridge .  she was found hanged on december 7 , an apparent suicid .
 hushovd in yellow jersey after garmin win team time-trial <sec> thor hushovd wears the yellow jersey in the tour de france after stage two .  the norwegian 's garmin-cervelo team claim victory in the team time-trial .  defending champion alberto contador is trailing in 75th position overal .
 van persie strikes against old team to put manchester utd top of epl <sec> robin van persie scores as manchester utd beat arsenal 2-1 .  victory takes them top of the epl above chelsea .  chelsea held 1-1 at swansea after pablo hernandez equalizer .  manchester city stay unbeaten but held 0-0 at west ha .
 sauber confirmed as f1 's 13th team <sec> newly-rescued sauber team have been awarded the 13th place on the f1 grid .  motorsport 's governing body the fia says sauber will take the place of toyota in 2010 .  toyota have decided to pull out of motor racing 's premier category due to the recession .  bmw had also pulled out but were bought out by former owner pete saube .
 pakistan releases afghan taliban 's former second-in-command <sec> mullah abdul ghani baradar was a founding member .  baradar was captured in 2010 in karachi , known to be a haven for militants .  pakistan 's new government is making peace offerings to neighboring afghanista .
 the changing face of the arctic <sec> new study on arctic changing temperatures finds dramatic changes to region .  conducted during fourth international polar year that ended in 2008 .  some animals and plant life benefiting from rising temperatures .  dramatic decline in sea ice threatening iconic species like polar bea .
 philadelphia fire kills 7 <sec> 2-year-old pulled from fire later pronounced dead at hospital .  six victims found huddled together in basement .  eleven people , all of liberian nationality , lived in the home , fire official says .  basement home had one exit , no smoke detectors , official say .
 a millennial says : stop trashing us ! <sec> millennial maria lamagna says her generation is n't as `` screwed '' as some have argued .  called coddled and over-stimulated , millennials are the first `` plugged in '' generation .  lamagna says millennials ' competitiveness and multitasking will help them creatively .  millennials are poised to be the generation to solve the planet 's ills , she say .
 google : mystery barge will house 'interactive space ' <sec> google : mysterious barge in san francisco bay will house an 'interactive space ' .  statement : barge structure will be `` where people can learn about new technology '' .  cnn affiliate kpix has reported structure will be high-end showrooms for glass eyewear .  three similar barges , including one in maine , have been spotte .
 senate democrats offer veterans jobs bill , without millionaire 's surtax <sec> senate democrats eliminate controversial millionaire 's surtax from jobs bill .  republicans opposed the surtax .  the jobs measure would offer tax incentives to firms hiring veterans .  the bill would also provide job training to everyone leaving the militar .
 lack of recycling and water usage are greatest 'green guilts ' <sec> not recycling enough was the number one response in 9 out of 15 countries surveyed .  brazil ( 42 percent ) had the highest number of people feeling guilty about recycling .  30 percent of people in the u.s. feel guilty about drivin .
 n.y. , n.j. governors clarify ebola policy <sec> new : cuomo changes policy on quarantining ebola health care workers .  white house says ebola policy must `` be guided by the best medical science '' .  new york times says white house pressuring govs . .  chris christie , andrew cuomo .  n.y. , n.j. implemented a 21-day quarantine on workers returning from treating ebola patient .
 opinion : true change takes a leader with vision <sec> wallis annenberg : many donate to charities , but for extraordinary leaders , giving means more .  she says cnn heroes have vision and provide vital help instead of wringing their hands .  annenberg foundation is focusing on supporting leaders in its philanthropy .  watch `` cnn heroes : an all-star tribute '' on saturday , december 7 at 9 p.m. et/p .
 philadelphia doctor performed illegal late-term abortions , ex-employee testifies <sec> dr. kermit gosnell is charged with murder in the deaths of seven babies and one woman .  ex-employee at a philadelphia abortion clinic tells court of doctor cutting babies ' necks .  more than 10 babies were born alive at the facility , medical assistant kareema cross testifie .
 why our 'amazing ' science fiction future fizzled <sec> visionaries have long predicted how inventions will alter the future .  some miracle inventions never had impact desired by creators .  why `` beam me up scotty '' is closer than people realize .  `` battlestar galactica '' writer : `` the miracle '' has to come from us , not machine .
 conventions : another day at the office for celebs <sec> erin gray turned heads as col. wilma deering on `` buck rogers in the 25th century '' .  although not very `` hollywood , '' fan conventions are essential , says gray , to making it .  gray organizes celebrity clients ' convention schedules and deals with security issue .
 legography in hong kong <sec> hong kong photographer ric tse 's `` legography '' series features toy people , props , photos .  tse 's images inspired by everyday hong kong scenes , such as the iconic skyline and luxury shoppers .  legography exhibition now on at hong kong 's picture this galler .
 drunk tries to hijack turkish airlines passenger jet <sec> incident on flight between antalya , turkey and st petersburg , russia .  turkish airlines : drunk man tried to hijack passenger plane .  officials : man brought under control , airline experienced `` urgent situation '' .  new : interfax : flight arrives at st. petersburg , police arrest uzbek man in his 50 .
 seven civil war stories your teacher never told you <sec> hundreds of women in both armies dressed as men so they could serve .  confederate anthem `` dixie '' was a favorite of abraham lincoln 's .  confederate president jefferson davis was effectively mugged by a gang of women .  paul revere 's grandson fought at the battle of gettysbur .
 meet the millionaire tied to south korean ferry sinking probe <sec> yoo byung-un 's company denies he has any involvement in ferry company .  2 sons are investors in a related company , are among those under travel bans .  he goes by `` ahae '' and is focused on photography , official at his company says .  yoo is rarely seen in public and is known as the `` millionaire without a face .
 analyst : syrian hostilities bring middle east catastrophe closer <sec> gerges : israel 's alleged involvement changes the dynamics of syrian struggle .  iran stated it would aid syria if it is attacked by israel , but it is unlikely it would retaliate directly .  a political solution will put an end to the bloodshed and prevent a region-wide conflict , he say .
 opinion : equal pay or opportunity for outrage ? <sec> katie packer gage says democrats use the pay equity issue as a political football .  republicans , she argues , can take five steps to combat the ploy .  gopers should remind voters that they support the equal pay act , she said .  she also says republicans should support companies with a diversified workforc .
 ian mckellen , patrick stewart returning for 'x-men : days of future past ' <sec> ian mckellen and patrick stewart have been cast in `` x-men : days of future past '' .  mckellen will reprise his role as magneto and stewart will be back as prof. x .  michael fassbender and james mcavoy of `` x-men : first class '' will also portray magneto and prof. x .  the casting news hints that the next film will reconstitute a 1981 comic book storylin .
 singapore tycoon peter lim offers to bail out cash-strapped valencia <sec> singapore billionaire peter lim offers to buy valencia , says club president .  the la liga club has been crippled by debts following spain 's financial crisis .  lim worth more than $ 2 billion according to forbes.co .
 cookbook helps make food appetizing for cancer patients <sec> for cancer patients , nutrition is important , but many have a hard time eating .  american cancer society has new cookbook : `` what to eat during cancer treatment '' .  cookbook contains recipes to help with treatment side effects .  recipes aim to combat metallic taste , nausea , constipation , diarrhea , mouth sore .
 7 electrocuted in pakistan as cyclone phet strikes karachi <sec> new : 7 electrocuted during heavy storms in karachi , pakistan .  cyclone phet batters southwestern pakistan .  storm dumps 10 inches of rain on oma .
 245 arrested in u.s.-led child sex abuse operation <sec> immigration agency 's `` operation sunflower '' identified 123 child victims of pornography , abuse .  some victims were as young as 3 ; others were abused as children and are now adults .  law enforcement officials in six other countries also made arrests in the operatio .
 'avengers 2 ' scoop : how ultron will differ from the comics <sec> joss whedon reveals details about 'avengers ' sequel .  'age of ultron ' centers around a sentient super-robot .  whedon says rage is key quality of ultron 's personalit .
 plane hits bridge , crashes into river <sec> plane carrying 58 people hits bridge , crashes into river .  transasia flight was en route from taipei to the island of kinmen .  ceo expresses `` deep apology to the victims and our crew .
 baltimore mayor guilty of embezzlement <sec> jury finds mayor sheila dixon improperly used gift cards intended for the needy .  developer testified dixon requested $ 500 best buy card and $ 500 target card .  no sentencing date set ; dixon faces up to five years in prison .  baltimore 's first black female mayor , dixon says she 's not stepping dow .
 coroner : post-katrina hospital death not homicide <sec> 79-year-old jannie burgess died in new orleans hospital .  newspaper quoted doctor as saying patients given morphine after storm .  `` this patient was extremely sick , '' coroner says .  he said he does n't think received enough morphine to kill he .
 sharapova , djokovic hit by injury <sec> maria sharapova pulls out of the pan pacific open in japan after twisting her ankle .  she was losing 4-3 in the first set of her quarterfinal match against petra kvitova .  world number one novak djokovic also announced he was pulling out of the china open due to injury .  players had threatened a strike due to tournament 'burn out .
 unearthing new ways to find hidden talent <sec> danish footballer rasmus ankersen was forced to abandon his dreams of being a footballer after injury .  emerged as coach , research and author on how to find talent .  suggests employers need to be looking outside their industries , use alternative methods for hiring .  crowdsourcing is an ideal method for recruiting unlikely top candidate .
 monks ' gambling prompts south korean temple to change financial management <sec> experts will now handle finances at jogye order temple , the order 's chief says .  the order will `` focus on asceticism and missionary work , '' he said .  video from a hidden camera showed monks gambling , smoking and drinking last month .  information about the incident has been given to the country 's prosecutor 's offic .
 jamaica 's bolt is world 's fastest man <sec> jamaica 's usain bolt sets 100m world record of 9.72 seconds in new york .  fellow-jamaican asafa powell held the previous world record of 9.74 seconds .  world champion tyson gay of united states finishes second in 9.85 second .
 world cup corruption scandal timeline <sec> fifa 's ethics committee bans two executive committee members after claims of bribery .  amos adamu and reynald temarii accused of offering their world cup votes for sale .  four other officials also suspended ahead of votes for hosts of 2018 and 2022 events .  fifa rules that there was no evidence of collusion between rival bid team .
 creditors agree to greek bond deal <sec> more than 85 % of private bondholders agree to the deal .  it paves the way for greece to get another bailout .  `` i wish to express my appreciation to all of our creditors , '' deputy prime minister say .
 reach for the sky : could flying wind farms help beat global warming ? <sec> u.s. company develops `` flying '' wind turbine .  wind energy far greater at high altitude .  feg ( flying electric generator ) would hover at 15,000 feet .  massive air-born wind farms envisage .
 seaplane almost lands on whale <sec> the whale was swimming just under the surface .  it happened in tiny , remote angoo .
 amazon and ( hopefully ) the end of late fees <sec> new program lets libraries lend e-books to kindle users .  11,000 libraries in the united states participate .  there are no late fees for the e-book rentals , but the files lock when they 're overdue .  tech has slowly been whittling away at the idea of late fee .
 knee defender speaks out about legroom fight <sec> colorado businessman feels `` terrible '' about mid-air dispute .  he used the knee defender to stop a fellow passenger from reclining .  she threw a drink in his face .  the passenger said he may continue to use the devic .
 f-16 crashes near arizona air force base <sec> air force officials report both pilots are uninjured .  the fighter jet sputtered and popped before gong down , witnesses sai .
 opinion : egypt 's soccer violence has deeper roots <sec> in the fleeting , free moments in post-revolution egypt , the ultras were revered as protectors of the revolution , argues james montague .  as the authorities slowly reasserted their power , the narrative changed , he says .  the deadly riot is `` far from the hope and optimism i had been lucky to experience in tahrir square in 2011 '' montague write .
 julio iglesias : the near-death experience that made him a singer <sec> heart throb julio iglesias tells how his life was changed be a car crash .  former footballer was paralyzed from the chest down by a near-fatal car crash in his teens .  he says his life was changed when a nurse gave him a guitar as he convalesced .  he has since produced 80 albums and sold over 300 million records sold worldwid .
 made in america : the short list <sec> new : happy independence day ! .  buying american-made products is one way to show your stripes .  products manufactured in america may seem hard to find , but it 's not impossible .  cnn commenters provide picks for brands that manufacture in americ .
 prosecutors reveal legal reasons they believe casey anthony should die <sec> prosecutors cite five legal circumstances to support decision to seek death penalty .  document : death occurred during aggravated child abuse , was `` heinous , atrocious '' .  document : caylee was under 12 , anthony held position of custodial authority over her .  if anthony is convicted of killing caylee , jurors have to weigh aggravators against mitigator .
 opinion : ca n't it stay summer forever ? <sec> as labor day arrives jay parini ca n't help but wish summer were n't ending .  parini : what is so wonderful about summer and makes us regret its passing ? .  he says it 's not for nothing that we associate summer with childhood play .  parini : the summer garden , like eden , makes us feel that life is full of hope and possibilitie .
 study : 86.7 million americans uninsured over last two years <sec> study : one out of three americans without health insurance at some point in 2007-08 .  study is released day before white house health care summit .  u.s. census bureau reports lower numbers , only counts those uninsured for full year .  critic says families usa exaggerated numbers to make a political poin .
 billy graham 's son asks for prayers for his father <sec> the rev . .  billy graham celebrated his 95th birthday in november .  he is extremely weak , but his vitals are good , his son says .  graham was hospitalized last month for pulmonary-related tests and observatio .
 opinion : how to stop tragic shootings of mentally ill <sec> debbie plotnick : james boyd was homeless man , mentally disturbed , shot by cops .  program that trains cops to deal with mentally ill might have helped , she says .  she says such education improves outcomes , reduces injuries , death , jail time .  plotnick : why is n't every police force across the country offering the program .
 why i refuse to see 'american sniper ' ( opinion ) <sec> karen spears zacharias : hollywood should not glorify war and make it about `` us '' vs. `` them '' .  she describes her father 's death and a friend 's serious injury in vietnam war .  when you 've experienced effects of war firsthand , she says , you lose tolerance for mythmakin .
 13 arrested in istanbul bombings <sec> attack was conducted by `` bloody separatist group , '' interior minister says .  2 explosions , minutes apart , hit residential area in turkey 's largest city sunday .  those arrested were responsible for earlier bombing june 15 , says ministe .
 clock runs out on $ 77 million winning lottery ticket <sec> winning powerball ticket expired monday , and $ 77 million goes back into the pot .  it was sold at a business in tallapoosa , georgia , near the alabama borde .
