 crowd trouble mars al sadd victory <sec> asian champions al sadd beat african champions esperance 2-1 in club world cup .  the qatari side now face european champions barcelona in semifinals of competition .  crowd trouble mars the match with esperance fans clashing with police and stewards .  kashiwa reysol , representing hosts japan , defeat monterrey of mexico on penaltie .
 tape sheds light on surreal meeting between nixon , protesters - cnnpolitics.com <sec> richard nixon library releases tapes made by the late president .  on one , he tells of meeting with protesters at the lincoln memorial in 1970 .  he told them of his quaker background , early admiration for neville chamberlain .  he sought out common ground on race relations , environment , he say .
 russians create shrine to michael jackson <sec> young russian fans erect memorial to pop star outside u.s. embassy in moscow .  zhenya iordanskaya , 23 , says she is still in shock over the death of the pop star .  makeshift shrine includes homemade drawings , russian religious icons , candle .
 why encyclopedia britannica mattered <sec> encyclopedia britannica announced that it wo n't print more books .  james o'rourke says as much as we gain from the internet , there are also losses .  britannica 's accuracy and availability made it a valuable resource , he says .  o'rourke : a third of americans are n't connected to the we .
 hagel acknowledges may have to consider troop recommendations in iraq <sec> hagel would only do this if gen. martin dempsey makes the recommendation .  dempsey has said repeatedly such a recommendation could come .  but he emphasizes that he has not made one yet .  president obama says he has not changed his mind about u.s. fighting force .
 artificial pancreas gives girl a vacation from diabetes <sec> juvenile diabetes research foundation funding 13 artificial pancreas trials .  in the future , the device will be the size of a cell phone , attached to a belt .  algorithms determine how much insulin and glucagon the patient need .
 official : gun in pentagon shooting was once in police possession <sec> official : memphis , tennessee , police seized gun during traffic stop in 2005 .  gun , traded to distributor in 2008 , recovered at pentagon shooting this month .  memphis mayor : i 'll review police department 's practice of selling or trading guns .  sheriff 's spokesman : trading for upgraded weapons is efficient way to get equipmen .
 beyond monaco : superyacht expeditions to the ends of the earth <sec> superyacht owners are looking for a more `` enriching '' holiday experience .  multimillion-dollar vessels sail to antarctica , new zealand , papua new guinea .  tour companies offer private jets , submarines to mega rich seeking ultimate adventure .  week on luxury 71-meter superyacht to south pole costs whopping $ 400,00 .
 opinion : why arabs do n't like the u.s . <sec> aaron david miller : arabs create their own woes , but chaotic u.s. policies play a role .  miller : arabs and muslims are n't angry because of what we are but because of what we do .  we back an undemocratic morsy government and ignore military excesses , he says .  miller : we ignore abuses in some nations and blast them in other .
 late goal seals tottenham comeback <sec> younes kaboul scores in injury time to earn spurs a 4-4 draw with aston villa .  the result completes an amazing recovery after the home side trailed 4-1 .  despite the result , tottenham remain third from bottom of the premier leagu .
 antares operator used destruct system to blow up rocket <sec> orbital sciences corp. confirms that the flight termination system was engaged .  retired astronaut mark kelly says it was the right call .  the rocket was destroyed shortly after launch on the virginia coast on tuesday nigh .
 what charges did ferguson jury consider ? <sec> officer darren wilson killed michael brown on august 9 .  a grand jury weighs whether to charge brown .  the jury tries to decide whether a crime was committe .
 libya destroys chemical weapons <sec> among the weapons destroyed were artillery shells and bombs filled with mustard gas .  the united states , germany and canada aided in the effort .  the libyan foreign ministry describes the move as `` an important milestone .
 godaddy.com founder defends elephant-hunting video <sec> new : `` it takes a guy like me '' to protect villagers ' crops from rogue elephants , parsons says .  godaddy founder bob parsons posts a video showing him shooting an elephant .  parsons says the kill , in zimbabwe , gave local farmers meat and protected their crops .  animal rights group peta launches an online boycott of godadd .
 state department : north korea 's direct threat to u.s. 'infinitesimal ' <sec> state department spokesman : recent actions `` potentially destabilizing '' to region .  secretary of state clinton : north korea has `` constant demand for attention '' .  that is why u.s. had low-key reaction to missile tests , clinton say .
 alanis morissette 's new outlook on health <sec> alanis morissette told health magazine that she had an eating disorder as a teen .  morissette now is focusing on her diet as `` a sort of spiritual practice '' .  her new outlook has spread to the way she views balancing all aspects of her life .  she hopes to be a role model for other girls struggling with eating disorder .
 satmar hasidic leader found guilty in child sex abuse case <sec> the abuse began when the girl was 12 .  weberman was found guilty on all 59 counts .  he faces a possible sentence of 117 years in prison .  district attorney expresses hope that others will come forwar .
 obama administration lifts deep-water drilling moratorium <sec> new : gibbs denies any political reason for timing of the decision .  bromwich expects some permits for new drilling this year .  salazar announces conditions for resumed drilling .  moratorium was declared after the gulf oil spill disaste .
 french open : novak djokovic to face rafael nadal in final <sec> novak djokovic will face rafa nadal in sunday 's french open final .  djokovic beat ernests gulbis while nadal overcame andy murray .  djokovic seeking to become eighth man to complete a career grand slam .  nadal looking for ninth championship win at roland garro .
 injured polish f1 star kubica to return to racing in rallying championship <sec> robert kubica to drive in wrc2 rally championship this season .  polish f1 star will take the wheel of specially adapted citroen .  kubica suffered serious hand injuries in a rally crash in italy in 2011 .  he won the canadian grand prix in 2008 for saube .
 scary business : when haunting is for life , not just for halloween <sec> halloween is just a wild weekend for most , but for others it 's a year-long occupation .  raven 's grin inn in the u.s. is a haunted home that scares it guests right through the summer .  halloween mart , which occupies a 25,000 square feet store in las vegas , is open 365 days a yea .
 new no . 1 kaymer faces donald in world match play final <sec> martin kaymer ends lee westwood 's reign at the top of the world golf rankings .  german wins twice on saturday to reach final of world match play tournament .  he will face european ryder cup teammate luke donald in sunday 's title match .  englishman donald can climb to third in the world rankings with victory in arizon .
 mexico slaughters 1.2 million chickens infected with bird flu <sec> investigators have found chickens infected with h7n3 on 18 farms in central mexico .  authorities say the outbreak has been controlled and does not pose a threat to humans .  more than 1.2 million infected chickens were slaughtered , a state agriculture official says .  nearly 2 million chickens have been vaccinated against the virus since the outbreak bega .
 america ferrera : 'we are under attack ' <sec> actress america ferrera writes an open letter to girls of the worl .
 massachusetts stranded-dolphin death toll up to 92 <sec> `` it 's the largest single-species event '' in the northeast , a marine mammal expert says .  only 37 of 129 dolphins have survived to be released , says ifaw 's katie moore .  necropsies have been done on nine animals ; no cause has been determined .  some of the released animals have been tracked north of cape cod , where they belon .
 ntsb : bird remains found in hudson plane 's engines <sec> engines sent to manufacturer in ohio after crash .  last month single feather , evidence of `` soft-body impact damage '' found on aircraft .  pilot ditched plane in hudson after he said aircraft hit flock of birds .  all 155 crew and passengers survived what was called `` miracle on the hudson .
 twin 's court appearance for brother makes for double trouble <sec> man running late for trial asks twin brother to stand in for him , officials say .  defense lawyer realizes something amiss , alerts judge , who calls in fingerprint analysts .  marcus mauceri charged with criminal contempt , sentenced to 179 days in jail .  brother matthew mauceri , the latecomer , cited for failure to appear and contempt of cour .
 shipping executive : picking up iranian crude 'is like getting leprosy ' <sec> iran is struggling to import staples and export crude oil , other key products .  u.s. and european sanctions have led to inflation , price spike for items , shortages .  international shipping companies are more reluctant to call at iranian ports , unload iranian oil .  iranian business council director : traders starved of finance , hurt by rial 's rapid fal .
 with cease-fire , hamas ' isolation has ended <sec> in post-revolution middle east , engagement with hamas is feasible , salman shaikh says .  influence of egypt , turkey and qatar was instrumental in delivering cease-fire , he says .  maintaining gaza blockade only serves to further radicalize gaza 's population , he says .  obama administration should push for palestinian unity and end to blockade , he say .
 16 dead in protests marking egypt revolution <sec> 16 people were killed at protests marking the anniversary of egypt 's revolution .  images of one protester killed saturday have spread rapidly on social media .  accounts of her death differ ; some activists blame polic .
 british rhythmic gymnastic team wins appeal to compete in 2012 games <sec> great britain 's rhythmic gymnastics team win crucial appeal .  team can now compete in the 2012 london olympics .  british gymnastics had ruled they missed qualification target .  independent arbitrator overturns that decisio .
 ebola kills uninfected in liberia , too <sec> liberians with other ailments trapped by ebola crisis .  hospitals are too busy fighting ebola or closed because of fears of it .  woman with blood pressure problems dies without medical attentio .
 kenyan , somali forces raid al-shabaab hideout <sec> at least 30 militants are killed in the joint operation .  it targeted a hideout in kolbio , somalia , kenyan defense force official says .  it comes on the heels of a raid by kenyan warplanes on a training cam .
 rockets pound israel , gaza as netanyahu alleges 'double war crime ' <sec> israel says 422 rockets fired from gaza into israel in past two days .  warplanes bomb sites in gaza city overnight .  both sides tweet photos of children struck by the violence .  egyptian pm , delegation head to gaza on friday mornin .
 faq : using your smartphone safely <sec> what 's the biggest security threat to mobile phones ? .  losing it .  mobile viruses , worms and trojans arrive via e-mail and sms .  do n't bank or make payments using free wi-fi , columnist advise .
 'allergic girl ' teaches how to eat out with allergies <sec> woman organizes dinners at restaurants for people with food allergies .  if you have a food allergy , call ahead and tell the restaurant management , she says .  12 million americans have food allergies , though some kids outgrow them .  food allergies are on the rise , but no one is sure wh .
 alaska asks high court to delay same-sex marriage <sec> alaska asked u.s. supreme court to block same-sex marriage for now .  decision could come early as friday .  similar requests made by idaho and nevada last week following appeals court rulin .
 phil spector gets 19 years to life for murder of actress <sec> new : music producer sentenced for 2003 slaying of lana clarkson .  actress was found shot dead in foyer of spector 's california mansion .  defense argued it was a suicide ; first trial ended in a mistrial .  grammy-winning spector , 69 , was inducted in 1989 to rock and roll hall of fam .
 source : 12 arrested in 'very serious ' terror plot in uk <sec> new : men involved in plot associated with escaped al qaeda operative , source says .  new : some of those arrested were pakistanis in the u.k. on student visas .  new : u.k. 's chief terrorism officer apologizes for pictures of him with documents .  police from merseyside , greater manchester , lancashire constabulary involve .
 'sesame street ' youtube channel back after porn hack <sec> children 's show 's youtube channel restored after porn hack .  on sunday , users found sexual content instead of educational fare .  two user names were listed as the hackers ; at least one has denied it .  channel was restored about 11 a.m. on monda .
 duke of lancaster 'funship ' attracts global graffiti artists <sec> grounded ship , duke of lancaster , attracts graffiti artists from across world .  the ship has a rich history , from passenger ferry to beached funship .  the vessel was left to decay until arts collective dudug set to work .  campaign to turn ship into centerpiece of arts festiva .
 nyc beer cruise canned after ship runs aground <sec> sailboat runs aground near the statue of liberty .  121 passengers and nine crew members were aboard .  it took an hour and a half to get passengers back on lan .
 summitt steps down as tennessee 's women 's basketball coach <sec> new : u.s. education secretary praises coach 's `` courageous role '' in alzheimer 's fight .  `` the time has come to move into the future and step into a new role , '' pat summitt says .  she will remain involved in mentoring players and recruiting , the university says .  in august , summitt revealed she had early-onset alzheimer ' .
 u.n. security council to send palestinian state bid to admissions committee <sec> `` we have to wait until wednesday morning , '' security council president says .  the united states vows to veto the palestinian request .  israel says negotiations are the only way forwar .
 mexican police deny accused drug lord 's government corruption claims <sec> federal police say edgar valdez villarreal has tried to blackmail authorities .  the accused drug lord says in a letter that he paid off security officials .  his letter , police say , is an attempt to stop authorities and skirt justice .  valdez is known as `` la barbie '' because of his blue eyes and light complexio .
 7 reasons package tours are n't lame <sec> tendency for many travelers to disparage group tours is misguided .  tour guides can lead you to unique local experiences .  package groups get access to restricted areas -- african safaris are an example .  author learned to become an independent traveler through tour group trave .
 china passes germany in economic rankings <sec> china 's gdp could overtake japan 's within a few years .  world bank 's estimate of china 's economic growth is about 7.5 percent .  china announced $ 600 billion economic stimulus package recentl .
 religious fury alters miss world in indonesia <sec> radical islamic groups protest miss world 2013 contest .  they decry it as pornography and degrading to women .  contest scraps swimsuit contest and moves final round to bal .
 taylor swift sends care package to fan -- plus $ 1,989 <sec> taylor swift sends a fan $ 1,989 to help with her student loan debt .  she also sends a custom-made painting , even though `` i 'm not a good painter '' .  swift has a history of surprising fans with care packages she assembles hersel .
 is the world going nuts ? ( opinion ) <sec> there is an unraveling taking place in parts of the world , writes fareed zakaria .  in the middle east , people were tired of the old dictatorships .  they were n't prepared for what should follow them , zakaria says .  europe went through its turmoil before it became stable continent it is today , he say .
 director sues jackson over 'thriller ' profits <sec> director john landis , michael jackson made `` thriller '' video 25 years ago .  landis claims 1983 contract gives him 50 percent of net profits from video .  jackson `` wrongfully refused to pay or account for such profits , '' suit says .  jackson 's lawyers have not responde .
 band vulfpeck pulls spotify stunt , gives fans the silent treatment <sec> bands make money when someone listens on spotify .  indie band vulpeck got fans to listen millions of times .  spotify says the band violated their rule .
 southwest airlines plane lands at wrong missouri airport <sec> the plane lands at taney county airport instead of branson airport , the airline says .  an airline spokesman says he does n't yet know why it landed in the wrong place .  the two airports are about seven miles apart and serve the same area .  the landing was uneventful and everyone on board is safe , the spokesman say .
 man may have plotted 'mumbai-style ' attack , court hears <sec> new : defendant erol incedal had documents on how to build a bomb , prosecution says .  new : incedal denies two charges ; a second defendant has admitted to one charge .  prosecution says incedal planned either a mass attack or an attack on a prominent person .  he had the address of a property belonging to former uk pm tony blair , the court hear .
 european tour woos japanese golf fans <sec> european tour seeking to make inroads in the japanese golf market .  it launches a japanese version of its website -- the first non-european language .  european tour has no tournaments in japan , which has its own circuit .  ryo ishikawa , one of golf 's best young talents , will play in u.s. in 201 .
 ratings agencies take center stage in euro crisis <sec> ratings agency s & p warned in december that 15 eurozone nations may face possible downgrade .  the `` big three '' credit ratings agencies catalyzed market reaction during the financial crisis .  critics complain the agencies wield too much unchecked power in world market .
 nourishing new york 's low-income communities <sec> gina keatley 's nonprofit is giving fresh food to people in poor new york neighborhoods .  the group also educates people about how to eat healthy on a low budget .  keatley is hoping to eliminate the correlation between poverty and obesity .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2012 cnn heroe .
 porn actress wants charlie sheen 's probation revoked <sec> new : a colorado prosecutor downplays the possibility that sheen 's probation is at risk .  christina walsh was `` pretty shaken up '' after the hotel incident , spokesman says .  she plans a trip to colorado to talk to sheen 's probation officer .  walsh stars in adult films as capri anderso .
 j . lo sings happy birthday wishes to repressive asian leader <sec> jennifer lopez performed at turkmenistan president 's birthday celebration .  human rights watch says turkmenistan has `` extraordinary levels of repression '' .  spokesman : lopez did n't realize the human rights issues around gurbanguly berdymukhamedo .
 juventus humbled again by bari <sec> italian title hopefuls juventus suffer another setback with a 3-1 defeat at bari .  the defeat for third-placed juve comes after embarrassing european exit in midweek .  bari move up to fifth place on goal difference ahead of a group of teams including napoli .  napoli snatch a 3-3 draw at cagliari , earning a point with goal deep into injury-tim .
 official : north korea targets south korea in propaganda drive <sec> faxes start arriving at south korean companies this month .  they blame south korea for a november 23 artillery attack on yeonpyeong island .  most companies that received faxes had prior contact with north kore .
 obama to name three new national monuments <sec> obama will name a japanese internment camp a national monument .  a pullman historic town and brown canyon will also be name .
 opinion : boston reminds us of best and worst of humanity <sec> michael oren : bombing in boston sought to instill fear and inflict trauma .  he says boston and other communities threatened by terrorism refuse to submit .  israeli ambassador to u.s. says both nations know the pain terrorism causes .  oren : remember the victims and refuse to be victimized by terroris .
 chief : suspect did n't ask how wife , boys died <sec> police chief testifies at preliminary hearing for man accused of slayings .  sheri coleman , 2 sons killed in columbia , illinois , home .  christopher coleman , husband and father , is accused in the deaths .  graffiti , threats against family tied to coleman at hearin .
