 tokyo governor naoki inose resigns over money scandal <sec> tokyo governor naoki inose resigns after admitting involvement in money scandal .  he admitted receiving 50 million yen from a scandal-hit hospital operator .  inose says he does not want to interrupt operations as tokyo prepares for the 2020 olympic .
 obama to send more troops to southwest border region <sec> new : mexico says additional u.s. troops at border should battle organized crime , not illegal immigration .  obama to send 1,200 more national guard troops to help with anti-drug and intelligence efforts .  `` it 's simply not enough , '' sen. john mccain says .  previous border operation that sent more than 6,000 troops to the region ended in 200 .
 vatican warns about iphone confession app <sec> a u.s. developer launched a `` confession '' app for the iphone this week .  it has the blessing of an indiana bishop .  the vatican says it 's not a replacement for going to confessio .
 dolly parton tired , sore and resting after traffic crash <sec> parton tweets : `` i was in a fender bender this morning '' .  police blame the driver of another vehicle with failing to yield to parton 's suv .  parton 's longtime friend judy ogle was driving .  none of the injuries appeared serious , police sa .
 hurricane ingrid , tropical depression manuel hit mexico , killing 21 <sec> rains , flooding and mudslides from ingrid and manuel kill at least 21 .  hurricane ingrid is in the gulf of mexico while tropical depression manuel is in the pacific .  storms leave behind collapsed roads , flooded homes , stranded town .
 nigeria agency pushes marriage to control hiv spread <sec> local agency will pay dowry , offer counseling , to get hiv-positive couples to wed .  the goal is to keep hiv from spreading to people not already infected .  un agency says marriage does n't stop aids , prevention and treatment needed .  for some couples , the marriages reduce stigma of being hiv-positiv .
 mueller marks new bayern deal with supercup strike <sec> bayern munich reward world cup star thomas mueller with new deal until 2015 .  the 20-year-old scores opening goal in german supercup victory over schalke .  he is set up by veteran striker miroslav klose , who scores other goal in 2-0 win .  bundesliga runners-up schalke field former real madrid striker rau .
 chinese dissident faces trial despite calls for his release <sec> chinese dissident liu xiaobo faces trial wednesday .  liu is being charged with `` inciting subversion '' .  liu was also arrested in 1989 for his role in the tiananmen square protest .  the u.s. government has pressed for liu 's release .
 father being charged in deaths of alabama children <sec> father is being charged with murder .  body of sister may be in citronelle , alabama .  police are confident the remains are those of jonathan chase deblase .  authorities believe the siblings were killed by their father and his girlfrien .
 wreck off haiti may be christopher columbus ' flagship santa maria <sec> `` we do n't know what secrets are going to be held on the ship , '' says explorer .  barry clifford says the wreck is in the right place and is the right size .  a cannon of 15th century design found at the site is the `` smoking gun , '' he says .  evidence is `` very compelling , '' says an archaeological exper .
 brazile : nelson mandela 's legacy will live on <sec> donna brazile : mandela was an activist , teacher , freedom fighter , and inspiration .  he argued that to be free was to live in a way that respects others ' freedom .  mandela 's legacy will inspire people for years to come , she write .
 hotels that feel like home for the holidays <sec> the grove park inn in asheville , north carolina , hosts a gingerbread house competition .  in california wine country , madrona manor presents dickens dinners .  some hotels will supply guests with their own decorated christmas tre .
 lance armstrong , girlfriend expecting baby in june <sec> seven-times tour de france winner armstrong is a survivor of testicular cancer .  the 37-year-old texan already has three children from his marriage .  `` this is a hopeful thing for all testicular cancer survivors , '' says sanjay gupt .
 'amateurism is a myth ' : athletes file class-action against ncaa <sec> attorney calls ncaa , major conferences a `` cartel '' in filing lawsuit to pay athletes .  athletes get tuition , board , fees , while conferences negotiate major tv contracts .  ex-nfl commissioner says paying athletes not in their interests , counterproductive .  southeastern , big ten , big 12 , pacific-12 and atlantic coast conferences named in sui .
 it 's not the unemployed who are backing romney <sec> there 's a widespread view that unemployment levels are hurting obama 's re-election chances .  reihan salam : it seems obama has strong support from groups more likely to be jobless .  he says romney is left in the position of having to appeal to those who have fared better .  unemployment matters because even those who have done well see rate as a failure , he say .
 prosecutor : suspect admits role in slayings of s.c. couple in st. maarten <sec> a jamaican-born man , 28 , tells investigators he was involved in murders .  a judge orders a pretrial detention of the man .  michael and thelma king of south carolina were slain in the beach town of cupecoy .  the suspect also confesses to a restaurant robbery , prosecutor tells cn .
 bangladesh apparel workers clash with police <sec> bangladesh apparel workers clash with police on outskirts of dhaka .  workers fought pitched battles with police ; set fire to vehicles , buildings .  cabinet minister calls for cal .
 etihad flight diverted by reported bathroom arsonist <sec> flight ey461 from melbourne to abu dhabi made emergency landing in jakarta .  cause of emergency landing reportedly a passenger setting fires in bathrooms .  plane reached abu dhabi four hours behind schedul .
 afghanistan foreign troop deaths in june exceed those in iraq <sec> new : nato , afghan force attacked from across pakistan border ; no casualties .  nato , coalition deaths reflect taliban spring offensive , iraq progress .  thirty-two troops have died in afghanistan during june , 19 in iraq .  five troops died saturday in two separate roadside attacks in afghanista .
 obama , kerry condemn terror attack in france , vows help - cnnpolitics.com <sec> president barack obama addressed the attack , from the oval office on wednesday afternoon .  secretary of state john kerry spoke to the french people in their language .  obama pointed to france as a close ally in the war on terror . .  france is part of the coalition fighting isis .  u.s. national security officials are working closely with french officials and are looking for any `` missed '' warning sign .
 etta james remembered as an authentic voice at funeral <sec> donto james recalls his mother 's love for her band and her feisty nature .  christina aguilera sings james ' signature song `` at last '' .  `` at last , you can find peace now , '' the rev . .  al sharpton eulogizes at the funera .
 al-shabaab : kenyan schools fear they 're next <sec> looming threat of al-shabaab has terrified students and teachers in kenya .  terror group massacred 147 at kenyan university last wee .
 al-jazeera cameraman held six years at gitmo is freed <sec> sami al-hajj arrives home in sudan and is taken to hospital , network says .  pakistani intelligence officers captured him in afghanistan in december 2001 .  al-hajj was transferred to u.s. custody and held without charges or trial .  al-jazeera said he was on an assignment when he was apprehende .
 kenya blasts kill 1 , injure 20 <sec> the second blast was just 2-3 blocks from the scene of an earlier explosion .  it took place at a crowded bus station in nairobi .  the blast killed 1 person and wounded 8 , officials say .  the earlier explosion injured 12 people at a nairobi nightclu .
 global health success : india goes three years without polio <sec> india 's last polio case reported in january 13 , 2011 .  india had been considered one of the hardest places to end polio .  world health organization issues official certification thursda .
 siri ca n't direct you to an abortion clinic <sec> siri , the iphone 's digital assistant , ca n't direct users to abortion clinics .  the phone can field more specific requests , such as directions to planned parenthood .  spokeswoman says apple is working to fix the glitch and that the product is in beta .  the american civil liberties union starts an online petition to raise complaints with appl .
 greek president to seek to form unity government <sec> new : greece 's president will meet with party leaders on sunday .  socialist leader venizelos says three pro-euro parties may be willing to form a grand coalition .  president karolos papoulias says this offers a `` grain of hope '' for greece .  the three top-placed parties in sunday 's election have each failed to form a coalitio .
 dem backlash throws spending bill in doubt <sec> rep. steve israel says the riders added to the legislation are a `` poison pill '' .  congress must pass a bill by thursday at midnight to keep the government open .  dem backlash is throwing spending deal into doub .
 exodus of lawmakers thins japanese government 's majority <sec> new : two of the japanese lawmakers on the list of those leaving say they are staying .  the departing parliamentarians are led by the influential ichiro ozawa .  they say they are protesting the prime minister 's plan to double the sales tax .  it leaves the government with 251 out of 480 seats in the lower hous .
 some signs of normalcy after indonesian volcano eruption <sec> the volcano appears quiet on a webcam observing it ; one airport reopens .  the eruption killed at least four people .  indonesian government had raised its alert to the highest level .  mount kelud last erupted in 2007 ; a 1990 eruption was deadl .
 officials : threat closes schools , university in northern michigan <sec> new : northern michigan university police say situation is under control .  officials continue to urge students and others not to wander on campus grounds .  nmu put the campus on lockdown early wednesday because of threat against students , others .  public schools in marquette were also closed , the interim superintendent say .
 state media : iran hangs man in rare public execution <sec> the man is convicted of stabbing another in broad daylight , news agency says .  executions are common in iran ; public ones are not .  amnesty international : iran trails china in the number of executions worldwid .
 britain , canada reject gbagbo 's authority on envoys <sec> britain says it has recognized alassane ouattara as president of ivory coast .  official : `` canada does not recognize laurent gbagbo 's claim to government '' .  announcement comes after british , canadian envoys were rejected by gbagbo official .
 hud director in puerto rico indicted on corruption charges <sec> michael colón indicted on 40 counts of corruption , federal prosecutors announced .  colón accused of shopping and running errands instead of working .  he faces up to 20 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fin .
 military has concerns about syria mission <sec> budget cuts , cost of fighting two wars have stretched the military thin .  dempsey wrote that u.s. forces can change the military balance , not what 's fueling the conflict .  trying to prevent further use of chemical weapons could cost $ 1 billion per month , he say .
 some fliers admit leaving devices on in flight <sec> nearly one-third of fliers forget to turn off their portable electronic devices , a study says .  report says 59 % say they always turn their devices completely off .  federal aviation administration is studying possible changes to rules on electronic .
 georgia signs cease-fire agreement <sec> new : sarkozy 's office says russian president dmitry medvedev will sign deal .  georgia signs cease-fire agreement .  georgia president : we are under russian occupation .  conflict began when georgia launched action against rebels in south osseti .
 sonisphere cancellation nixes adam lambert and queen gig <sec> the sonisphere knebworth festival in stevenage , england has been cancelled .  it was going to host a version of queen fronted by adam lambert .  other sonisphere festivals , including events in poland , spain and swizterland , will go on as planne .
 can the world live with a near-nuclear iran ? <sec> mohammed ayoob : iran inevitably will acquire nuclear weapons capability .  even iran 's opposition leaders oppose suspending uranium enrichment , he says .  ayoob : u.s. must engage iran in discussions about security in the middle east .  such a change of course would pose a challenge to u.s. policy makers , he say .
 police : 8-year-old shoots , kills elderly caregiver after video game <sec> the victim was 87 , public records show .  the gun belonged to the caregiver , two cnn affiliates report .  the boy wo n't face charges because he is younger than 10 .  the video game maker rejects any suggestion its game might have sparked killin .
 expert : l.a. 's 5.4 quake 'small sample ' of one to come <sec> new : few reports of damage or injury from `` moderate '' earthquake .  new : experts , officials say earthquake is a reminder to be prepared .  11:42 a.m. pt quake 's epicenter was about 32 miles east of los angeles .  more than 30 aftershocks were recorded , largest was 3 . .
 han han : china 's rebel blogger <sec> han han is an outspoken blogger who has gained celebrity status .  named one of time magazine 's most influential people of 2009 .  dropped out of school to write novels ; races rally car .
 'house ' actor explains shocking decision <sec> `` house '' actor kal penn is leaving the show to join the obama white house .  penn will become part of office of public liaison .  actor says working on campaign last year re-ignited desire for public servic .
 ntsb : plane rolled violently before crash <sec> ntsb : people aboard experienced twice the normal gravitational force before crash .  plane rolled past the vertical point before it crashed into home , ntsb official says .  thursday 's crash in upstate new york killed all 49 aboard plane , one in house .  plane 's de-icing system was turned on 11 minutes after takeoff , ntsb say .
 damon 's film 'promised land ' overlooks fracking 's boon to u.s . <sec> william bennett : the new matt damon movie `` promised land '' tells anti-fracking tale .  he says film 's message relies on scare tactics and anti-capitalist theme , offers little support .  he says fracking bringing u.s. economic boon ; even epa chief says it can be clean process .  bennett : freeing public land for well-regulated drilling will benefit american .
 from toilet to tap : getting a taste for drinking recycled waste water <sec> u.s. and beyond increasingly looking to reusing sewage water for drinking .  half the world population will face water scarcity by 2030 .  reused water is completely healthy , but psychological barriers remain .  singapore produces large amounts of high-quality recycled wate .
 dropping 110 pounds transforms woman 's life <sec> heather davis weighed 250 pounds and wore a size 22 at her heaviest .  fed up with obesity , she started working out regularly and modified her diet .  the healthy regimen helped davis lose 110 pounds in 12 months .  now wearing a size 4 , she wants to help other people battle obesit .
 review : 'the avengers ' is a friday night smackdown <sec> `` the avengers '' -- interspersing flip one-liners with a host of larger-than-life characters .  robert downey jr. 's tony stark gets a good measure of the movie 's best lines .  mark ruffalo is more dangerous and more fun than either edward norton or eric ban .
 airport tries express lane for fliers with one carry-on <sec> pittsburgh international airport opens an express security lane .  lane is dedicated for passengers traveling with one carry-on item .  `` it 's been hugely popular , '' spokeswoman say .
 can playing games keep you safe abroad ? <sec> businesses are increasingly using games to train employees heading overseas .  games rely on simulated realities to give users a practical experience .  mr travel is the first security travel game on the market . .  it guides users through a variety of potentially dangerous scenario .
 can 'dark knight ' leap into oscar contention ? <sec> `` the dark knight '' was year 's top box office film , also critically praised .  oscar nominations tend to go to `` prestige '' works .  one observer believes `` knight 's '' prospects for best picture nod are `` excellent '' .  other strong possibilities : `` slumdog millionaire , '' mickey rourke , heath ledge .
 ex-imf chief wants sex suit tossed out <sec> ex-imf chief says he had immunity similar to diplomats .  his lawyers have asked a new york judge to dismiss his accuser 's lawsuit .  criminal charges against strauss-kahn were dropped in augus .
 hair-pull could land new zealand 's john key in court <sec> a sexual harassment complaint has been filed against pm john key after a waitress complained about him repeatedly pulling her ponytail .  kiwi prime minister accused of pulling a waitress ' hair on several occasions despite her obvious discomfort .  pm key later apologized , but said that he was merely engaging in `` banter '' .  politicians and public figures have condemned his behavio .
 new pm : zimbabwe facing starvation <sec> new pm : zimbabwe urgently needs government to address food crisis .  robert mugabe blames country 's economic collapse on sanction .
 cuba sets good friday as holiday after pope 's request <sec> pope benedict xvi made visit to cuba .  he asked raul castro to make good friday a holiday .  workers will have april 6 of .
 issa expands irs investigation <sec> first on cnn : house oversight chairman demands records of fec contact with irs .  rep. darrell issa 's demand follows cnn report of contact between the irs and fec .  issa demands the fec turn over its records by august 21 .  gop warns of possible broader targeting of conservative groups ; democrats dismiss assertio .
 rain at silverstone masks impact of f1 rule changes <sec> f1 drivers unsure of likely effects of rule changes after wet weather hampers practice .  red bull 's mark webber , who won british gp in 2010 , set fastest time of day in opening session .  ferrari 's felipe massa quickest in afternoon , three seconds slower than webbe .
 obama throws support behind controversial islamic center <sec> new : republican congressman says obama `` caved into political correctness . '' .  new : muslim who attended white house event surprised obama touched `` hot potato '' .  new york mayor michael bloomberg praises obama 's remarks .  obama said that `` muslims have the same right to practice their religion as anyone else .
 police : lone suspect behind 2 arizona shootings <sec> chandler fashion center reopens after police sweep .  police identify suspect in hostage-taking incident as adam hernandez .  authorities believe restaurant gunman , man who fled to mall are the same person .  suspect is not federal fugitive daniel munoz perez as previously thought , police sa .
 opinion : give every health worker in africa a bike <sec> andrea and barry coleman : health workers in rural africa need help .  colemans : without reliable transport , they could n't reach and care for the sick .  if every health worker had a working bike , we could transform lives , they say .  colemans : we could end deaths from the preventable diseases that kill million .
 how iran persecutes its oldest religion <sec> zoroastrians are not insulated from iran 's tribulations , jamsheed k. choksy says .  followers of this ancient faith are disparaged as `` sinful animals , '' he says .  choksy : many muslim iranians are rejecting the shiite theocracy 's intolerant ways .  president ahmadinejad now uses zoroastrianism 's past for political ends , choksy say .
 cesc fabregas rescues point for spain <sec> defending european champions spain draw 1-1 with italy .  antonio di natale gives italy the lead , before cesc fabregas equalises .  croatia move top of group c after a 3-1 win over the republic of ireland .  croatia striker mario mandzukic scored twice with header .
 why gps voices are so condescending <sec> computers still do n't sound human , even after years of research .  but technologists are making some strides .  ibm is trying to make computer voices convey emotion .  professor says we attribute human characteristics to computer voice .
 severed head , body parts found near 'hollywood ' sign , police say <sec> new : investigators find two feet wednesday evening .  police suspend the search for the night ; it will resume at daylight thursday .  two people find a head in a bag while walking dogs in the bronson canyon area .  police check recent missing-person reports for lead .
