 how did this human face appear in a gemstone ? <sec> chinese jewelry designer wallace chan places human faces inside precious stones .  he has developed an innovative carving technique over 13 years .  chan 's pieces have sold for as much as $ 73.5 millio .
 oklahoma take heat out of miami in opening nba finals clash <sec> oklahoma city thunder win first game of the 2012 nba finals against miami heat .  kevin durant is game 's top scorer in oklahoma 's 105-94 win over the heat .  lebron james manages 30 points for the heat , last year 's beaten finalists .  oklahoma face miami on their home court in game 2 on thursda .
 security council oks syria resolution , warns of consequences <sec> syria says chemical weapons resolution applies to all parties .  u.s. , russia warn of consequences if syria does not abide to resolution .  kerry says world community imposing binding obligation on syria .  another body agrees to fast-track syria entry into chemical weapons conventio .
 del potro 's u.s. open hopes boosted after he returns to training <sec> juan martin del potro returns to training after recovering from wrist surgery .  del potro faces a race to be fit to defend his u.s. open title later this month .  argentinean posts picture of himself in training on twitte .
 concordia disaster focuses attention on how cruise industry operates <sec> lessons learned in concordia disaster have brought changes to cruise industry safety .  disaster cast shadow on industry that maintains it is one of the safest modes of transport .  sen. rockefeller says cruise lines getting free ride on backs of u.s. taxpayers .  industry group says members pay required taxes and plenty of port and other fee .
 greg maddux , tom glavine among 19 additions to hall of fame ballot <sec> cy young award winners each won more than 300 games in their careers .  eric gagne , who admitted to using performance-enhancing drugs , is on the ballot .  jeff kent , with 377 career home runs , also among 19 newcomers to ballo .
 apple wins ban on two android devices : what it means for you <sec> google and samsung will halt sales of the galaxy nexus phone and the galaxy tab 10.1 . .  the companies were dealt an injunction on sales due to apple 's patent claims . .  current owners will continue to be able to use the devices . .  apple 's sued other android producers for patent infringement , but the jury 's still out .
 italian outrage over roma drowning photos <sec> italian outrage over photos of sunbathers at a beach where two roma girls drowned .  photos showed girls ' bodies lying on sand covered in beach towels .  newspapers report beach goers eating lunch , sun bathing as bodies carried away .  incident occurred amid heightened tensions between authorities , roma minorit .
 u.s. strategy for ukraine crisis : money talks <sec> new : analyst says european allies must join u.s. in sanctions effort .  president obama says most nations believe russia violated international law .  $ 1 billion aid package announced as u.s. considers sanctions against russia .  secretary kerry says russia tries to create a false pretext to further invade ukrain .
 weather experts : u.s. summer hottest in past 75 years <sec> national weather service : at least 22 deaths attributed to the summer heat wave .  texas had the hottest summer on record for any u.s. state .  the south and southwest had their warmest august eve .
 flock of seagulls ' van found , but gear 's gone <sec> the 1980s band 's van loaded with instruments and clothing disappeared last weekend .  `` the van itself was found , but all the gear was taken , '' the lead singer says .  the english new wave band 's biggest hit was `` i ran ( so far away ) '' in 1982 .
 arsenal and man city agree nasri fee <sec> arsenal and manchester city agree a fee for the transfer of samir nasri .  the frenchman had just one year remaining on his contract with arsenal .  nasri 's departure follows the sale of arsenal captain cesc fabregas to barcelon .
 former maldives president arrested while campaigning <sec> a court has issued an arrest warrant for ex-president mohamed nasheed .  police arrest him while he campaigns for upcoming elections .  nasheed and his supporters say he was forced from power in a coup in february .  but the authorities want him to stand trial over allegations of abuse of powe .
 senate approves plan to end faa furloughs <sec> new : white house calls solution a `` band-aid '' .  furloughs impacted 15,000 flight controllers due to forced , government-wide spending cuts .  controller staffing shortages began this week , impacting airline flights .  bipartisan senate plan would give transportation planners new budget flexibilit .
 fate of man accused of killing jennifer hudson 's relatives in jury 's hands <sec> new : no verdict after a full day of deliberations .  a prosecutor says a `` tsunami of circumstantial evidence '' shows balfour 's guilt .  a defense attorney argues that prosecutors `` failed to prove their case .
 gadhafi defiant as rebels claim to take 'revolution ' inside tripoli <sec> new : saif gadhafi says the rebels are losing , insists '' we will not leave '' libya .  moammar gadhafi slams the rebels ' `` lying campaign , '' vows their end is near .  a rebel official says that the `` coordinated '' tripoli operation is `` going easily '' .  heavy clashes broke out late saturday in a tripoli neighborhood , a resident say .
 'a people under siege ' as bombs fall in sudan 's nuba mountains <sec> sudanese government has been bombing south kordofan for more than a year .  documentary shows the plight of nuba people in sudan .  filmmaker yoletta nyange says she was bombed 19 times while making the film .  'nuba people being destroyed , ' says nyang .
 aspiring isis teens stopped at sydney airport <sec> authorities stopped two teenage brothers at sydney airport who were suspected of trying to join isis .  the boys raised suspicion when attempting to pass through customs .  they have been released into custody of their parent .
 a christmas wish comes true <sec> all elliot shirback wanted for christmas this year was cards .  his mother made a facebook request for her son , who has down syndrome .  more than 1,800 cards have poured in from nearly every state , a cnn affiliate reports .  `` it makes me happy , '' he says . .  `` it 's like a gift , like somebody loves and cares about you . .
 nepalese president in dispute over army chief <sec> government calls president 's order to keep army chief in office `` unconstitutional '' .  maoist government ordered army chief of staff to be fired after recruitment issue .  military refused to stop recruiting soldiers while it has n't accepted ex-maoist rebels .  dismissal touches off street protests and a split in maoist-dominated ruling coalitio .
 why qatar , world 's richest nation , is hosting taliban talks <sec> qatar is allowing the taliban to open a liaison office in its capital .  gas-rich , qatar has become a regional power broker .  it helped fund rebels who ousted moammar gadhafi .  qatar has hosted taliban delegations going back to 200 .
 american who trained al qaeda pilots still wonders , 'why me ? ' <sec> flight school owner says he 's suffered for 10 years .  he almost kicked out the al qaeda members for goofing off too much .  the man is pleased by bin laden 's death , but says it 's too soon for him to feel bette .
 bolshoi prima ballerina 's grace under pressure <sec> ballet star svetlana zakharova has been dancing almost everyday since the age of six .  russian prima ballerina spent much of her childhood training away from home .  zakharova : ballet is not just my profession , it is my lif .
 opinion : why blaming the pilots does n't make sense <sec> pilot les abend doubts theories that hijackers or pilots brought down flight 370 .  he says if human intervention occurred , it was likely to try to save the plane , not to doom it .  abend : there 's no clue of a plot involving both pilots , and it would likely take both .  he says hijackers would have had touble getting into cockpit and disabling equipmen .
 u.s. supported france 's failed hostage rescue in somalia <sec> president obama details u.s. military involvement in a hostage rescue in somalia .  french forces failed to free an intelligence agent held by an al qaeda-linked group .  french officials say 1 soldier died , 1 is missing , and the hostage is believed dead .  u.s. aircraft were in somali airspace but did n't fire , obama told congressional leader .
 colombian rebels kill 4 hostages , president says <sec> new : a fifth hostage is found alive , colombia 's defense minister says .  new : president juan manuel santos calls the killings a `` crime against humanity '' .  the victims were reportedly shot in the head and the back .  a military operation earlier this month killed former farc head alfonso can .
 ballesteros jr. wins amateur madrid open <sec> javier ballesteros wins the amateur madrid open .  the 22-year-old is the son of the late five-time major seve ballesteros .  seve passed away in 2011 after a lengthy battle with a cancerous brain tumor .  seve 's close friend jose maria olazabal captains europe in the ryder cup this mont .
 the battle over ukraine : towards a new geopolitical game <sec> thousands have been protesting in kiev after the ukrainian government rejected an eu deal .  the deal would have made ukraine 's political sphere more democratic , ulrich speck says .  but he says it was not in the president 's own interests to sign and move away from russia .  germany has shown it is not afraid to confront russia over eastern europe , speck say .
 manchester united boss david moyes bemoans 'bad luck ' <sec> david moyes suffers eight defeat in 24 league matches in charge of manchester united .  saturday 's 2-1 loss to stoke was united 's first in the league to that team since 1984 .  manager moyes blames bad luck and poor finishing in front of goal .  reverse means united may fall nine points behind fourth place by end of weeken .
 greek leader survives confidence vote despite austerity protests <sec> new : papandreou 's government survives confidence vote .  eu chief says greece has `` no alternative '' to austerity plans .  greece plans to raise taxes , cut pensions and sell off assets as part of a bailout .  a greek default likely would send shock waves across the world econom .
 iran tests new surface-to-surface missile <sec> iran says it fired a sajil missile , which uses solid fuel and travels long distances .  missiles have range that can reach russia , greece and southern italy , iran says .  u.s. official : iran looking to increase sophistication of its missile program .  israel : `` it is now clear that the iranians are playing with fire .
 democrats to obama : hurry up and fix the economy <sec> house speaker nancy pelosi says a second stimulus package may be needed .  moderate and conservative democrats are worried about spending more money .  obama has taken steps to make his stimulus plan transparent .  consultant says fiscally conservative dems are asking for greater transparenc .
 arrest made in death of kidnapped florida pilot , fbi says <sec> robert wiles was believed kidnapped and held for ransom 21 months ago .  fbi now says he is dead , have arrested former co-worker stobert holt jr . .  wiles ran a branch of his family 's international aircraft maintenance busines .
 dinner and a show in portland 's pearl district <sec> check out pacific northwest college of art 's annual student art sale .  settle in to watch a play at the renovated gerding theater at the armory .  stop for dinner at 50 plates , a casual bistro serving all-american classic .
 'the amazing spider-man ' : not new , but improved <sec> `` the amazing spider-man '' sings the same old song as its predecessors .  there are some improvements , with the best being andrew garfield as peter parker .  but none of its positives can dispel the whiff of déjà v .
 taiwan protests throw spotlight on asia 's military <sec> more than 100,000 protest in taipei after military punishment leads to conscript 's death .  protests may deal a blow to taiwan 's plans to scrap military service by 2015 .  singapore 's military service , at 24 months , is one of the longest after south korea and israel .  south korea 's military scraps its `` celebrity '' unit after discipline problem .
 defiant barcelona 'votes for the future ' <sec> barcelona 's members approve plan for $ 725m redevelopment of camp nou stadium .  club 's first referendum since 1950 follows team 's 3-1 victory at home to real betis .  results leaves second-placed barca a point behind champions league opponent atletico madrid .  both madrid clubs win on saturday to keep la liga title race in the balanc .
 review : will ferrell shines in 'everything must go ' <sec> will ferrell 's terrific performance not matched by director dan rush .  rush 's commercial background comes through in film .  sober indie drama follows alcoholic nick halsey 's spiral downward .
 cameron congratulates english cricket team on ashes win <sec> new : cameron : winning the series is `` icing on the cake . '' .  australia loses to england on its own home turf for first time in 24 years .  england gets highest score it 's ever amassed in test match in australia .  the ashes cricket rivalry started in 1877 , and they play for the trophy every two year .
 amanda knox murder appeal opens in italy <sec> new : she faces a difficult legal battle , her lawyer says .  knox was convicted last year for murdering her british roommate .  she is serving a 26-year sentence .  two other people were also found guilty in the cas .
 saudi officials see spike in mers coronavirus cases <sec> minister of health steps down .  it is not clear why there was a sudden increase , health ministry official says .  the first cases of the virus were reported in greece and malaysia this week .  a new cluster was also reported in the united arab emirate .
 court disbands egypt 's constitutional group <sec> the new constitution was to be completed before the presidential elections on may 23 .  critics said the constitutional assembly was not diverse .  the move stalls egypt 's attempt to rebuild after the overthrow of hosni mubara .
 manchester mission : toure 's title dream <sec> manchester city seeking to win first english title in 44 years this weekend .  key player yaya toure tells cnn he wants to help make history at the club .  he says the return of carlos tevez has helped city 's bid to finish first .  toure wants to help city become one of europe 's biggest club .
 2,300 birds found dead along chilean beaches <sec> warm waters off peru have chased away fish , a national center studying el nino says .  fish flee south to deeper , cooler waters , leaving 5,000 peruvian surface-feeding birds dead .  chilean birds have apparently feasted on such fleeing fish , an environment professor says .  many of the dead chilean birds have injuries consistent with getting trapped in fishing net .
 scorsese and the auteurs put film classics online for free <sec> scorsese collaborates with web site the auteurs to put restored films online free .  the movie masterpieces were restored by scorsese 's world cinema foundation .  they include korean film `` the housemaid '' and moroccan documentary `` transes '' .  the auteurs is an innovative mix of social networking and video on deman .
 more nixon tapes to be made public <sec> richard nixon presidential library to open access to 154 hours of recordings .  tapes include conversations about watergate , roe v. wade , vietnam war .  release also includes 30,000 pages of formerly classified document .
 more apps may be coming for feature phones , too <sec> facebook just bought snaptu , a platform for apps that run on feature phone models .  about 72 % of u.s. cell phones are feature phones .  wireless carriers would have to play ball for the feature phone app market to gro .
 northern ireland water supply is 'precarious ' <sec> new : the water pipe to belfast 's top hospital burst .  new : northern ireland water 's response to the crisis is `` unacceptable , '' chairman says .  tens of thousands have been without water since monday .  parts of the water network may not be repaired until next wee .
 spain court in 2002 israel 'war crime ' probe <sec> spanish court to investigate alleged `` crime against humanity '' involving israel .  allegation centers on 2002 bombing in gaza that killed 15 , wounded 150 others .  case brought by relatives of some victims names ex-israeli defense minister .  spokesman for israeli embassy in madrid said israel declines to commen .
 'himym ' expected to return for ninth season <sec> cbs ' `` himym '' is expected to return for a stunning ninth season .  monday 's episode averaged a 3.4 rating in adults 18-49 and 8.6 million viewers .  the comedy took an exciting turn on monday when barney and robin got engage .
 at least 5 die when floating restaurant sinks in baghdad <sec> new : the upscale restaurant opened two years ago .  some 150 people were in the restaurant at the time of the accident .  two people are missing as the tigris river search continue .
 singapore economy to shrink in 2009 <sec> gross domestic product reduction between 2 and 5 percent expected .  ministry cites data on u.s. retail sales and unemployment , asian exports .  finance minister expected to deliver the 2009 budget statement thursda .
 suspected teen arsonists sought as other wildfires rage in texas <sec> new : new wildfire at camp bullis near san antionio is half-contained .  new : president obama places call to gov . .  rick perry .  official : 576 homes have been destroyed by bastrop fire ; `` that number will increase '' .  leander , texas , police seek 4 teen arson suspect .
 roeder : no regrets after shooting doctor <sec> new : judge rules jury can not consider manslaughter charge for abortion provider 's shooter .  scott roeder says he has no regrets over killing dr. george tiller at church in may 2009 .  tiller ran a women 's clinic where he performed abortions in wichita , kansas .  roeder testified he thought of various ways to kill tille .
 put minors seeking abortion on trial ? <sec> cevallos : alabama may go too far in the process used to decide if a teenager can have an abortion without parental consent .  he says a court hearing makes sense , but an adversarial process , like a trial , is questionabl .
 prince names first dates , venues for concert series <sec> prince is performing december 14th , 15th , and 17th at new jersey 's izod center .  prince is also playing december 19th and 29th at new york 's madison square garden .  tickets for all five `` welcome 2 america '' concerts will go on sale october 30t .
 influx of immigrant children expected to last through summer <sec> up to 400 unaccompanied children are crossing the texas border each day .  most of the children are coming from honduras , el salvador and guatemala .  overflow holding facilities have been opened to accommodate the youth .  nogales , arizona , mayor says the facilities are `` better than expected .
 bollywood actor detained at newark airport <sec> indian movie star shah rukh khan says he was held for two hours .  immigration officials told actor his surname came up on computer , he says .  officials asked for id verification , though others at airport recognized him , he says .  ambassador to india calls khan `` a very welcome guest '' in united state .
 authorities search for nuevo laredo police chief <sec> roberto alejandro balmori garza was last seen over the weekend , official says .  reports say his 2 brothers were found shot dead in neighboring nuevo leon state sunday .  nuevo laredo has been the scene of violent attacks in mexico 's drug wa .
 how cnn 's analysts scored the debate <sec> romney and perry entered as frontrunners and left as frontrunners , said david gergen .  dana loesch : bachmann was aggressive against opponents , improved her standing .  debate demonstrated the ideological battle within gop , said paul begala .  fleischer : group scored points with conservatives but raised questions about general electio .
 alabama legislature passes new immigration bill <sec> new : a spokesman for alabama 's governor says he is reviewing the legislation .  7 protesters against the new measure are arrested , an aclu attorney says .  supporters say the bill fixes unintended consequences of the controversial law .  critics say it will make things wors .
 la lakers fans crowd downtown to celebrate nba championship <sec> lakers ' parade followed 2-mile downtown route .  crowd estimates uncertain , but in hundreds of thousands .  lapd reports 6 arrest .
 detained immigrant children face legal maze in u.s . <sec> `` marta '' was 12 when she came to the u.s. illegally to find her mother .  agency : 7,211 children entered the u.s. illegally in 2008 by themselves .  expert : as many as 50 percent of those kids went before judges with no lawyer .  watch marta 's story on cnn 's `` latino in america , '' tonight at 9 p.m. e .
 'smart sewage ' could spot epidemics before they happen <sec> `` underworlds '' project will analyze sewage to spot diseases .  monitoring city sewage could reveal infections circulating in the population .  the project could one day be applied to create individual `` smart toilets .
