 american hero , the sniper <sec> ruth ben-ghiat : `` american sniper '' has become the top-grossing war movie in u.s . .  she says america admires the lead character for his individualism and affinity for gun .
 beatles fans eye rare display of fabs photos <sec> robert freeman was favored snapper of beatles between 1963 and 1965 .  he photographed and designed five consecutive beatles ' album sleeves .  exhibition of his collection on display in london for first time in 20 years .  prints include only example left of one ultra large `` rubber soul '' prin .
 world bank chief jim yong kim : response to syrian refugees failing <sec> world bank chief jim yong kim has called for a global response to syrian refugee crisis .  he says his organization is prepared to lead in coordinating a response .  he says delegates are starting to grasp the long-term benefits of health and education investmen .
 south africa fury over shooting tests zuma <sec> police shootings at mine test zuma , governing anc political party .  18 years after apartheid , not much has changed economically for migrants .  increasingly , working poor are turning against traditional anc-allied union .
 tight curfew imposed in kashmir after 4 killed in clashes <sec> kashmir separatists had called for a strike and protests friday .  four people were killed when security forces fired on protesters thursday .  the protesters had attacked a border security force .  they were protesting the alleged beating of an imam by security force .
 how you connected china and turkey <sec> a look at the ways viewers and readers connected china and turkey .  the two countries are on opposite ends of the historic silk route .  they 're also both rising powers which have fast-growing economies .  up for another challenge ? .  try linking our next pair of countries : australia and angol .
 ex-cia officer charged with illegal leaks <sec> john kiriakou was a cia intelligence officer from 1990 to 2004 .  he is charged with several counts related to illegally disclosing information .  feds say he identified a cia employee involved in capturing a top terror suspect .  that suspect was subjected to waterboarding 83 times , a government memo say .
 four killed in disco fire at phuket club <sec> blaze spread through popular nightclub in phuket , thailand , killing four .  forensic experts to identify dead who were burnt beyond recognition .  police tell cnn the fire broke out at a transformer near tiger pub .  phuket is a popular destination for international tourist .
 exxonmobil faces lawsuit after arkansas oil spill <sec> residents file a class-action lawsuit , seeking more than $ 5 million in damages .  exxonmobil has promised to cover oil spill cleanup costs .  a pipeline rupture allowed thousands of barrels of crude oil to flow into a residential are .
 'disgruntled employee ' kills 3 at california quarry <sec> new : the death toll now stands at 3 , police say .  new : a manhunt is under way for the suspect .  witnesses say shooting lasted `` no more than two minutes , '' sheriff 's official says .  the shooting took place at the permanente quarry , officials sa .
 marine returned to u.s. custody after rape allegation dropped <sec> japanese authorities release u.s. marine after teenage girl drops complaint .  staff sgt . .  tyrone luther hadnott in marine custody pending military investigation .  u.s. troops confined to okinawa base for `` period of reflection '' since february 20 .  u.s. military presence long a source of tension on southern japan islan .
 french open : yannick noah - tennis icon , rock star , celebrity dad <sec> frenchman yannick noah has gone from grand slam winner to rock star .  noah remains the last frenchman to win a grand slam title back in 1983 .  after french open success he also led france to davis cup glory .  the 53-year-old now fronts a band that has sold millions of album .
 fall tv preview : 6 promising new shows <sec> `` two broke girls '' is written by `` sex and the city '' producer michael patrick king .  will arnett , christina applegate turn on each other after they have a baby in `` up all night '' .  jennifer morrison and ginnifer goodwin star in abc 's `` once upon a time .
 family , law enforcement praise nypd officer at funeral <sec> nypd commissioner william bratton said `` wenjian liu believed in the possibility of a city free of fear '' .  some officers turned their back as new york mayor bill de blasio spoke at wenjian liu 's funeral in brooklyn .  bratton urged reverence after last weekend 's silent protest against the mayo .
 ohio 's self-described world 's 'first airport ' largely unknown <sec> most know about kitty hawk , but the wrights perfected their planes in ohio .  national park service touts huffman prairie flying field as the `` first airport '' .  many historic aviation firsts took place at huffman prairie , located north of dayton .  oldest airports include maryland 's college park , pearson field in washington stat .
 more than a club : can bartomeu save barca from itself <sec> barcelona president admits past year has been `` very difficult '' .  josep maria bartomeu took over as club as been rocked by controversy .  bartomeu believes pep guardiola will one day return to the club .  he says luis suarez does not have a `` no biting '' claus .
 man who led 'ninjas ' into florida home guilty of first-degree murder <sec> new : a jury finds leonard gonzalez jr. guilty of two counts of first-degree murder .  new : a stoic gonzalez nodded to the victim 's family as he was led from the courtroom .  gonzalez was accused of leading a group dressed as ninjas to rob a florida couple .  gonzalez had said he 's innocent , telling the judge , `` the evidence speaks for itself .
 experts defuse unexploded wwii bomb in central berlin <sec> new : the bomb squad says the device could have blown a crater 10 feet deep .  experts successfully defuse a 220-pound bomb near berlin 's main train station .  `` here in berlin it is a fact of daily life to defuse bombs , '' a police spokesman says .  many world war ii-era bombs remain undiscovered in berlin and other citie .
 can tigers claw their way back from extinction ? <sec> india 's environment minister has announced a 30 % increase in wild tigers in india since 2011 .  debbie banks from the environmental investigation agency says this has `` set india apart from other tiger range countries '' .  one of the major challenges that continues to exist , however , is the sophistication of the illegal tiger trade .  the significance of the tiger goes beyond its aesthetics , says bank .
 cumberbatch takes on 'dr . strange ' <sec> benedict cumberbatch confirmed for title role in `` doctor strange '' .  ryan reynolds will reprise his role as `` deadpool '' in a solo film .  krysten ritter reportedly playing `` jessica jones '' on netflix comic-based serie .
 the best inauguration day tweets <sec> the pundits and comedians of twitter weigh in on monday 's inauguration day events .  people commented on first-family fashion , tv anchor gaffes , president 's speech .  nasa tweeted a link to a photo of the national mall taken from spac .
 europeans look up to solar eclipse <sec> the moon blocks the sun , casts a shadow across parts of europe , north africa and the middle east .  the view of the resulting eclipse is particularly impressive in places like norway .  it 's also seen around europe , though clouds obscure the views of many in englan .
 federer and serena breeze through at flushing meadows <sec> roger federer and serena williams cruise at u.s. open in new york .  world no . .  7 federer beats argentina 's carlos berlocq in straight sets .  serena williams defeats kazakhstan 's galina voskoboeva 6-3 6-0 .  british qualifier dan evans springs surprise by beating bernard tomi .
 assange detention order remains in place <sec> swedish judge keeps in place detention order against wikileaks founder julian assange .  assange has been holed up in ecuadorian embassy in london for more than two years .  assange faces accusations of sexual assault in swede .
 caution thrown to wind as wikileaks breaks gag order <sec> wikileaks publishes suppression order imposed by victorian supreme court .  case involved international politicians and certain allegations that can not be repeated .  social media users shared the information online .  assange remains in ecuadorean embassy in london where he sought political asylu .
 family of captive american kenneth bae pleads for his release <sec> kenneth bae has been imprisoned in north korea for 15 months .  he told reporters that he committed a crime and is being treated well .  but north korea is known for reviewing anything he says .  bae 's family wants him freed ; `` i 'm kind of worried about '' his state of mind , mother say .
 indianapolis woman shot dead at party at her home <sec> new : barbara johnson , 37 , was killed at her indianapolis home .  police are processing a vehicle they say may have been used in the shooting .  a police spokesman tells cnn affiliate wish `` it could 've been a lot worse '' .  police are still searching for the suspect who fired an assault rifle into a crowded part .
 group b : maradona 's argentina ease to win ; south korea slay greeks <sec> argentina beat nigeria 1-0 in their world cup group b opener at ellis park .  a sixth-minute goal by gabriel heinze gives diego maradona 's men three points .  nigeria goalkeeper vincent enyeama denies lionel messi with a string of saves .  south korea top the group following an earlier 2-0 victory over greece in port elizabet .
 travelers rerouted after tornado strikes st. louis airport <sec> rerouted passengers are put up in hotels .  airport closed after a tornado struck friday .  st. louis is the country 's 30th-busiest airpor .
 stadiums , hotels attract 'terrorist interest , ' feds say <sec> department of homeland security and fbi issue security bulletins .  no credible or specific terrorist attack threats at this time , agencies say .  crowds at stadiums , hotels generate terrorist attention , agencies sa .
 lisa ling : inside utah 's struggle with drug abuse <sec> utah has seen a dramatic increase in pill-related deaths .  lisa ling explores the issue in this week 's episode of her new cnn show .  she talked to mormon church leaders and those recovering from addiction .  watch `` this is life with lisa ling '' sundays at 10 p.m. et/p .
 drawing the wrong lessons from horrific events <sec> bruce schneier : when horrific events happen , we look for lessons .  he says people are n't good about understanding probabilities and often exaggerate risks .  schneier : after 9/11 , policies were adopted that caused enormous expense and damage .  he says lessons can be learned if we look at patterns among many event .
 bay area transit board agrees to make policy on cell-phone blackouts <sec> new : bart board will have fcc and others vet proposed policy .  new : bart staff 's decision to cut off commuters ' cell phones is a `` pr nightmare , '' director says .  bart suspended cell service in spots august 11 to thwart demonstrators .  the move elicited harsh criticism from civil liberty advocates and other .
 fast , medium or slow : which economic speed is your country ? <sec> imf says world economies are separating into three different speeds .  china , india growing fastest , u.s. and japan have moderate growth , europe slowest .  in april , imf cut global growth forecast from 3.5 % to 3.3 % for 2013 .  imf chief economist still hopeful , says best tool for europe is monetary polic .
 china urges iran flexibility , but opposes force <sec> talk of force against iran surfaces in the media .  china backs `` dialogue and cooperation '' .  china is a permanent u.n. security council membe .
 pakistan 's spy agency faces court ultimatum <sec> pakistan 's high court orders the spy agency to produce detainees in court .  judges want an explanation of deaths and alleged illegal detentions .  the powerful spy agency is facing a rare legal challenge .  rights activists blame the agency for human rights violation .
 spanish journalist tells of life inside besieged baba amr , escape <sec> javier espinosa was one of four journalists trapped in baba amr .  espinosa , who works for spanish daily el mundo , escaped this week .  espinosa says syrian report he is dead would be a nice joke , if not for the sufferin .
 deaths reported in ukraine plane crash <sec> the plane was a charter flight carrying soccer fans .  the craft missed the landing strip , an emergency official said .  it was headed from odessa to donets .
 elizabeth smart storms out of courtroom during trial <sec> psychiatrist was testifying in trial of man accused of kidnapping smart .  she and her mother left the room during testimony about babies .  brian david mitchell 's trial had been halted after an apparent seizure tuesda .
 megaupload case spurs other sites to step up anti-piracy enforcement <sec> third-party aggregate sites no longer link to megaupload 's video host , megavideo .  the demise of megaupload as a file-hosting option has made vetting pirated content more difficult .  rapidshare technicians type words like `` movies , free download '' into search engine .
 andy kaufman 's brother says he is victim of hoax <sec> andy kaufman 's brother tells cnn 's jake tapper he is victim of a hoax .  latest story started monday when woman appeared at club claiming to be comedian 's daughter .  conspiracy theories have always speculated kaufman faked his death .  wrestling legend jerry lawler wants rematch if rumors are tru .
 5 officers dead in afghanistan as john kerry visits <sec> five officers killed in the attack .  the taliban says they did it .  the attack comes as u.s. secretary of state john kerry is ther .
 fema press secretary submits resignation , official says <sec> aaron walker , press secretary for fema , gave his resignation wednesday .  he is the second fema press official to leave after fake news conference .  fema officials held a fake presser during california wildfires .  john `` pat '' philbin , fema 's director of external affairs , also left his jo .
 to boldly grow where no one has grown before <sec> nasa plans lunar outpost by 2024 .  long-term space habitation will require space farming .  ceac and smc working on prototype mars inflatable greenhouse .  greenhouse could provide food , oxygen and recycle wate .
 shannen doherty and her 'bad ' attitude <sec> former `` beverly hills 90210 '' star shannen doherty has written her first book .  the actress `` admits that her 'bad girl ' reputation was deserved '' .  doherty also reveals her favorite `` 90210 '' episode .
 u.s. , british ngo workers leave egypt <sec> the activists had faced charges in an egyptian court .  their organizations were targeted in a government crackdown in december .  one of the groups praised the decision , but expressed concern for its egyptian staf .
 china executes british citizen for drug smuggling <sec> new : china defended the execution in a statement issued by the chinese embassy in london .  akmal shaikh 's supporters said he was mentally ill and officials did not take that into account when trying him .  british government had asked china not to execute shaikh but china says it has followed la .
 long-lost world war ii sub found off swedish coast <sec> lighthouse watchman last saw it 69 years ago before it sank near island of market .  the soviet submarine s-2 had a crew of 46 and four passengers when it sank .  remains found between swedish coast and finnish island of aland in february .  sweden and finland claim credit for sinking the submarine with mine .
 thai police identify americans accused of trying to ship infant body parts <sec> if convicted , the two americans could face 7 years in prison or be fined $ 15,200 .  the packages included an infant 's head , a sliced foot and an adult heart .  thai police : two americans said they wanted to surprise their friends back home .  officials : the body parts were stolen from a hospital ; video shows the two american .
 'thanks rafa ' : wawrinka 's joy as he joins spanish great in semifinals <sec> stanislas wawrinka qualifies for semifinals at atp world tour semifinals .  beats david ferrer in three sets in group a .  rafael nadal 's win over tomas berdych seals wawrinka 's passage .  no.1 nadal has to battle past berdych in three set .
 volunteering with victims of japanese tsunami <sec> sarah outen took a different journey in the worst-hit area during the earthquake in japan .  the british adventurer has earlier finished the first stage of her world-crossing journey .  her first volunteer task to create a garden on a former home site left a touching memory .  outen calls for more emotional and material support for the disaster-torn area in japa .
 dr. seuss ' 'oh , the places you 'll go ! ' turns 25 <sec> `` oh , the places you 'll go ! '' .  by dr. seuss was published january 22 , 1990 .  it 's the top-selling dr. seuss book , with more than 10 million copies in prin .
 u.s. coast guard sinks japanese boat washed away by tsunami <sec> the ship sunk in more than 6,000 feet of water , an official said .  the coast guard capsized it by opening fire on the roughly 200-foot trawler .  the trawler posed a threat to mariners and the marine environment .  the boat is part of a giant debris field making its way toward north americ .
 facebookers changing profile pics to cartoon characters <sec> new campaign asking users to change profile pic to a favorite childhood cartoon .  this is the campaign to end violence against children .  some facebook commenters have pointed out the perhaps misdirected effor .
 cnn student news transcript : september 25 , 2009 <sec> learn about the latest charge against a suspect in a terrorism investigation .  hear about some of the challenges facing the world 's leading economic powers .  look back at some headlines you 've seen over 20 years of cnn student new .
 sinking island 's nationals seek new home <sec> newly sworn-in maldives president vows to buy land to relocate entire nation .  climate change-threatened indian ocean islands could sink under rising sea levels .  maldives is considering land in sri lanka , india and australia .  island was badly hit by tsunami of 2004 , with more than 100 people dead or missin .
 are we falling out of love with our cars <sec> guests at futurecast debated the demise of the car as private vehicle .  some pointed to decline in driving licenses held by young american .  more ideas from digital tech should be incorporated into car design , said som .
 cnn student news - january 8 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 reports : monkey soars from iran into space -- and back <sec> iranian state news reports a monkey strapped inside a capsule launches into space .  an iranian minister calls the monkey 's trip `` the first step for sending humans into space '' .  a u.s. official says such a launch , if confirmed , violates a u.n. security council resolution .  animals have been used for space launches before , to prepare for human flight .
 suit : l.a. schools 'incompetent ' in settling $ 30 million abuse case <sec> new : school board felt it was `` politically better '' to settle claims without conviction , ex-official tells cnn .  new : district unsuccessfully tried to keep official from talking about `` settlement fiasco '' .  some students receiving $ 470,000 each never had contact with convicted lewd teacher .  school district calls lawsuit 's claims `` false .
 biden lauds senator known for sexual harassment claims <sec> joe biden praises former sen. bob packwood at a women 's event in washington .  packwood resigned infamously amid allegations of sexual harassment in 1995 .  biden championed the violence against women act in 1994 .  packwood had been known for pro-choice stance and had support from feminist group .
 9-year-old las vegas stowaway returns to minneapolis <sec> boy sneaked past tsa and delta agents on october 3 .  family spokesman provides no details on his return .  boy was placed in a foster home while he was in las vega .
 man granted immunity in holly bobo case commits suicide <sec> shayne austin was granted immunity in the death investigation of holly bobo .  attorney : the prosecution tried to revoke the immunity deal and indict austi .
 marry yourself kit : 'with this ring , i me wed ' <sec> self-wedding is n't about not finding the right one or giving up , says bonnie powers .  the goal is for people to recognize the `` awesomeness '' inside ourselves .  a ring is a tangible reminder of the promises you make to yourself at the ceremony .  the ceremony does n't have to be public , powers says , but it help .
