 family wins $ 10k after losing 255 pounds <sec> healthywage and other sites offer money to users who improve their health .  teams of five can compete to lose the biggest percentage of weight for $ 10,000 .  individuals can also double their money by losing 10 % in 6 month .
 al qaeda leader , somalia-based terror group present new messages <sec> al qaeda 's ayman al-zawahiri purportedly answers questions on range of subjects .  he says that even president obama knows al qaeda `` is expanding '' .  a new al-shabaab video threatens more bloody attacks like the nairobi mall siege .  a different video shows an apparent meeting of al qaeda leaders in yeme .
 lawyer : lindsay lohan needs luck <sec> new : no plea deals have been discussed yet , her new lawyer says .  a los angeles judge sets the trial start for march 18 .  the actress is accused of lying to a police officer and a probation violation .  a conviction could mean 245 days in jail for loha .
 arrests at moscow gay parade ahead of eurovision song contest <sec> news agency : police barricade park where demonstrators due to meet .  arrests come ahead of the eurovision song contest , being held in moscow saturday .  most famous winners of the contest were abba , who came to attention in 1974 .  contest is traditionally taken more seriously in eastern europ .
 salmonella found in u.s. , canada prompts cilantro , parsley recall <sec> new : a recall of parsley and cilantro affects 14 states and 2 canadian provinces .  no one has reported getting ill eating the little bear branded items , the company says .  separately , the fda calls tiny greens organic farm a source of a alfalfa salmonella outbreak .  that outbreak first appeared on november 1 , with many cases traced to a sandwich chai .
 concerns over 'insanity ' of shell south africa fracking plans <sec> energy companies plan to start drilling for natural gas to help ease energy deficit in south africa . .  campaigners say fracking , the drilling technique could damage environment irrevocably .  shell south africa is one of the main companies lobbying to begin fracking .  shell says it will bring economic benefits and help ease south africa 's energy crisis .
 pearl islands beckon beach bums , snorkelers , 'survivor ' fans <sec> `` survivor '' and similar shows have been filmed on panama 's pearl islands .  the island of contadora is a 20-minute flight from panama city .  beaches and marine exploration are the main sources of entertainmen .
 pacquiao plans his future in politics <sec> manny pacquiao plans career in politics .  wants to run for philliphines congress .  world 's best pound-for-pound fighter coulf retire in 201 .
 hulkenberg to join sauber f1 in 2013 <sec> nico hulkenberg agrees to join sauber for 2013 formula one season .  the german will replace sergio perez , who is joining mclaren .  mclaren will lose 2008 world champion lewis hamilton to mercedes next year .  force india and sauber yet to finalize their line-ups for next seaso .
 another air traffic controller suspended for sleeping <sec> the head of the controller 's union says fatigue and scheduling must be addressed .  it is the seventh apparent incident of sleeping at work this year disclosed by the faa .  there was no operational impact , the faa say .
 u.s. official : raid 's target was al-shabaab foreign fighter commander <sec> new : kenyan officials said ikrima helped recruit kenyans into al-shabaab .  the raid was led by members of seal team six , the unit that killed osama bin laden .  the seals withdrew because they came under fire , a u.s. official says .  al-shabaab has claimed responsibility for last month 's kenya mall attac .
 venezuela 's interim leader thrust into spotlight <sec> analyst : maduro was behind radical foreign policy decisions , also compromises .  hugo chavez wanted maduro to replace him if his health worsened .  maduro has been venezuela 's vice president and foreign minister .  he started his career as a bus driver and later become a union leader and a politicia .
 official : trap in colorado suspect 's home had 30 homemade grenades , gasoline <sec> twenty people were still hospitalized tuesday , six in critical condition .  the explosive setup resembled those used in iraq and afghanistan , an official says .  holmes will be formally charged on july 3 .
 no relief : more snow , cold for midwest , northeast <sec> third storm-related death announced in kansas .  nearly 1 million homes and businesses are without power in four states .  governor declares an emergency in new york .  airlines have canceled more than 2,700 flight .
 smoke smelled in plane at oakland , california <sec> skywest flight 4455 plane lands normally .  the smell of smoke is noticed afterward , delta say .  all 75 passenger exit normally , and fire officials leave the scen .
 black caucus channels ferguson 'slap in the face ' <sec> the congressional black caucus called the decision to not indict darren wilson 'a slap in the face ' .  some members of congress took twitter overnight to express their frustration with the case .  rep. marcia fudge , the caucus ' chair , called the decision a 'miscarriage of justice .
 australia unearths country 's largest pink diamond <sec> a 12.76-carat rough pink diamond was found in a west australian mine owned by rio tinto .  the diamond was the largest rough pink diamond ever found in australia . .  named the argyle pink jubilee , the polished product will be offered for sale later this year .
 report : court order forces verizon to turn over records of millions - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the guardian newspaper says it has obtained a top secret court order .  the order gives the nsa blanket access to records of millions of americans , the newspaper says .  the order , issued at the request of the fbi , is valid april 25 through july 19 , the guardian says .  al gore , the aclu and others are criticizing the orde .
 onboard with eric clapton <sec> eric clapton owns the 48 meter superyacht va bene .  bernie ecclestone had owned the vessel before clapton bought it .  clapton enjoys spending time on the boat to get away from his wor .
 jeb bush back in the spotlight after son 's comments <sec> jeb bush 's son told abc that `` it 's more than likely '' that bush is giving 2016 run `` serious thought '' .  bush is expected to make a decision by the end of the year .  bush is n't giving any public indications of his thinkin .
 can bipartisanship win dc the 2024 olympics ? <sec> former presidential campaign rivals jim messina and matt rhoades join forces to bring the olympics to dc .  the pair put together a bipartisan video full of cameos from high-profile politicians .  washington is competing against boston , los angeles and san francisc .
 obama wrote letter to n. korean leader , official says <sec> u.s. envoy delivered obama 's letter while visiting north korea , official says .  special envoy stephen bosworth went to north korea last week .  bosworth visit called `` positive , '' although it did not win promises from pyongyang .  u.s. wants north korea to return to six-party talks aimed at ending its nuclear progra .
 official : north korea launches 2 projectiles into sea <sec> u.s. calls on north korea to stop `` provocative actions '' .  south korean official : the projectiles `` appear to be short-range missiles '' .  u.s. , south korean officials reported north korea launched 3 projectiles thursda .
 how to edit your way to a can't-miss story <sec> the ireport boot camp challenges ireporters to improve their storytelling chops .  this week 's focus is editing , with advice from cnn.com enterprise editor jan winburn .  editing is really about thinking smart : finding the focus and the meaning of a story .  ask yourself five questions to shape your stor .
 rugby sevens ' sister act : how megan caught up with big brother mike <sec> mike and megan ellery both play rugby sevens for england .  both played in dubai -- first time england teams has featured a brother and sister .  mike , 24 , is three years older than megan .  the pair used to practice tackling each other as childre .
 documents : 'balloon boy ' dad had hoax in mind , wife says <sec> mayumi heene says she and husband knew 6-year-old was safe during scare .  they told authorities child might have blown away inside giant balloon .  couple told children to lie to authorities and media , document say .
 black friday creep backlash : who wants to work on thanksgiving ? <sec> sentiment grows online against working on thanksgiving .  new jersey woman creates change.org petition asking medieval times to cancel shows .  facebook group `` say no to shopping on thanksgiving '' has more than 40,000 followers .  national retail foundation expects holiday shoppers to spend $ 602.1 billio .
 ex-astronaut can take off ankle bracelet <sec> former astronaut lisa nowak can remove ankle monitoring device , judge says .  judge says device not fulfilling its purpose .  nowak is accused of assaulting and attempting to kidnap romantic rival .  nowak 's attorneys have filed a notice of intent to rely on an insanity defens .
 trains are life for avid 'railfans ' <sec> trains magazine estimates there are 175,000 railfans in the u.s . .  folkston , georgia , has about 12,500 visitors to watch trains each year .  `` it 's an orchestra of motion , '' says 63-year-old railfan bill taylor of montana .  trains are making a steady comeback despite the sluggish econom .
 prosecutor : five of 'jena six ' expected to enter plea <sec> `` it 's not a done deal until it 's a done deal , '' spokesman says .  6 teens charged in december 2006 with beating a white classmate .  incident followed months of racial tension in town of about 3,000 people .  one of the the `` jena 6 '' pleaded guilty to battery in juvenile court this yea .
 spanish bust nets hundreds of kilos of cocaine <sec> spanish police say they thwarted an attempt by the sinaloa cartel to establish a foothold in europe .  `` they 're already operating in europe , '' says author malcolm beith about the sinaloa cartel .  four mexican men are arrested .  one of them is a cousin of sinaloa cartel leader `` el chapo '' guzma .
 is this the future of parenting ? <sec> the sproutling baby monitor tracks heart rate , position and body temperature using an ankle bracelet .  parents get insights and tips into their child through a mobile app .  the $ 250 device will be available in 201 .
 saving flo jo : taking back a legacy <sec> florence griffith-joyner shocked the world when she won 100 and 200m gold at seoul 1988 .  in that year she smashed both world records , which still stand today .  flo jo had been dogged by unfounded drug allegations until her death in 1998 .  cnn speaks to her coach and husband al joyner about seoul , drugs and her legac .
 michael douglas has overcome throat cancer , he says <sec> `` it 's been a wild six-month ride , '' michael douglas says .  the actor lost 32 pounds from radiation treatment , but he has regained 12 pounds .  his weight-gain methods : building muscle mass , `` eating like a pig '' .  he says paparazzi had a `` sort of a macabre enjoyment out of sort of watching me .
 world cup nets $ 509 million for south africa <sec> the tournament brought 309,000 visitors to south africa , the government reports .  nearly 60 percent of those were first-time visitors , the country 's tourism ministry say .
 widespread power blackout hits chile <sec> blackout was caused by an overheated transformer in the bio bio area , official says .  government asks residents to stay calm and remain in homes until power is restored . .  official : another blackout possible because quake weakened chile 's electrical gri .
 new york 's horace mann school reveals college-admission sabotage <sec> school says someone sent a malicious letter about a student to college admissions offices .  horace mann school says it 's investigating the letter .  college admissions offices informed the school about the letter .  school is not revealing details of the letter or naming the student targete .
 police seek 'plasma pat ' in tv discount scam <sec> police identify 'plasma pat ' as joseph wesley torma , age 60 .  man offered to use employee discount for strangers , pocketed their cash , police say .  'plasma pat ' taunted police , saying he had 30,000 victim .
 gabrielle giffords ' health improves , but she 'll never be the same <sec> new : former rep. gabrielle giffords says 'good guy with a gun ' does n't work .  paralyzed on her right side and partly blind after being shot , former rep. gabrielle giffords defines a 'new normal ' .  giffords and husband live in the same house , same state for the first time in their marriage .  even with moments of frustration , giffords insists she is mostly optimistic and not resentfu .
 germany coach low puts pressure on european champions spain <sec> germany coach joachim low claims spain are favorites to win the world cup .  the two teams meet in wednesday 's semifinal in a rematch of the euro 2008 final .  germans are the top scorers in this year 's tournament , netting 13 goals in five games .  spain defender carles puyol and midfielder cesc fabregas passed fit to pla .
 u.s. urges restraint after turkish soldiers killed in clashes with pkk <sec> kurdish rebels kill at least 12 turkish soldiers , turkish government says .  turkish forces respond by killing 32 pkk rebels , government says .  fighting taking place inside turkey near border with iraq and iran .  new : turkey holds emergency cabinet meeting ; u.s. urges restrain .
 the sick fascination with a death video <sec> steve lillebuen : people share anything online , even video of a dismemberment .  death video exposed underbelly of the internet and pushed it into wide circulation , he says .  social media has been changing how crime is conducted and reported , he writes .  lillebuen : we are desensitized to violence when it transforms from fantasy into the real thin .
 cilic ends haas ' munich final hopes <sec> croatian third seed marin cilic beats wild-card tommy haas in munich semis .  cilic , the clay event 's 2010 runner-up , will play philipp kohlschreiber in final .  german , the 2007 winner , goes through with win over second seed feliciano lopez .  kaia kanepi wins her second wta tour title with victory in estoril open fina .
 mysterious cluster of birth defects stumps doctors <sec> birth defects in three counties are four times more than national average .  one of those children in washington state is olivia jackman , born with spina bifida .  state investigators say they 're still investigating the cluster of birth defects .  some question whether they 've done enough to find a caus .
 genius behind the 'joy of cooking ' <sec> `` joy of cooking '' author started writing after husband committed suicide .  surviving the great depression , many recipes labeled `` inexpensive and good '' .  cocktails to be served `` preferably in the living room , and the sooner the better '' .  75th anniversary edition includes ethnic food and stresses moderation and balanc .
 seconds before crash , passengers knew they were too low <sec> flight recorders have been found , the ntsb says .  asiana identifies the two 16-year-old girls killed in the crash .  182 people were hospitalized , while 123 were uninjured .  passengers say the plane 's rear struck the edge of the runwa .
 hong kong maids lose residency fight <sec> hong kong 's highest court rejects final appeal of filipino workers to gain residency .  case had implications for the future independence of the hong kong judiciary .  chief justice : domestic helpers `` told from the outset that admission is not for the purposes of settlement '' .  lawyers argued immigration rules excluding foreign domestic helpers were unconstitutiona .
 soldiers attack guinean president 's home <sec> the attack occurs in downtown conakry , the capital city of the west african nation .  the president 's compound is heavily damaged but the president is not hurt .  authorities believe the attackers may have been soldiers .  conde took over from a military junta with his election last yea .
 state media : philippines charges arroyo with election fraud <sec> gloria macapagal arroyo is accused of manipulating 2007 elections .  the former president denies any wrongdoing .  the supreme court overrules government-imposed travel restrictions on arroy .
 kevin smith , i feel your pain ! <sec> cathy ladman laments kevin smith 's getting bumped from a flight because of his size .  she says such treatment is routine for fliers now , unlike the days when flying was fun .  indignities -- security measures , no food -- begin early and last till you 've landed , she says .  ladman : it 's only a matter of time till smith 's treatment becomes routine even off the plan .
 o.j . simpson begins bid for new trial <sec> simpson is serving a 33-year term for robbery , kidnapping and assault .  one of his daughters was among those who testified monday .  simpson says he got poor advice from his lawyer .  prosecutors say there 's no merit to the clai .
 it was a 'good day ' for ice cube <sec> ice cube wrote the 1992 hit song `` it was a good day '' .  in it , he describes his version of a perfect day in south central , los angeles .  one of the examples was having his name in lights on the goodyear blimp .  his dream was realized on january 20 , 201 .
 bates ' lawyer releases training documents <sec> reserve deputy robert bates said he meant to use a taser but accidentally shot and killed a man .  lawyer for slain man 's family says bates was n't qualified to be on the force and received preferential treatment .  `` robert bates has met all the requisite training required by oklahoma to be a reserve deputy , '' bates ' lawyer say .
 afghanistan floods claim at least 102 lives , dozens more missing <sec> flooding has hit three northern provinces , afghan officials say .  thirty villages remain underwater in one province , official says .  jawzjan provincial police chief warns the number of casualties may ris .
 zhou yongkang : china snares its biggest tiger <sec> zhou arrested as part of corruption probe , expelled from communist party .  zhou yongkang was a member of the ruling communist party 's politburo standing committee .  he 's the highest-ranking official to get caught up in president xi jinping 's anti-corruption campaign .  zhou was also a patron of bo xilai , a former a fast-rising political star who was jailed for graf .
 missouri judge overturns ban on same-sex marriage <sec> st. louis mayor francis slay applauds the ruling .  shortly after the ruling , couples head to st. louis city hall to apply for licenses .  but state 's top prosecutor says he 's appealed the ruling to the missouri supreme cour .
 alleged ukrainian child porn pusher in custody in new jersey <sec> maksym shynkarenko , 33 , is charged with founding and operating a child porn website .  federal prosecutors believe shynkarenko used servers all over the world .  he was arrested in 2009 in thailand and had been fighting extradition to the united states .  he pleads not guilty to all charges in a 32-count indictmen .
 obama to immigration hecklers : 'i just took an action to change the law ' <sec> president barack obama pointed to his immigration executive order as he sought to quiet protesters in chicago .  obama 's immigration speeches have repeatedly been interrupted in recent months by hecklers who want bolder action .  obama told the three female hecklers : `` i just took an action to change the law .
 as rebels appear to gain ground , internet shuts down in syria <sec> rebels clash with the military near the damascus airport , according to reports .  the airport is a key location for bashar al-assad 's regime .  a u.s. observer says taking the airport would be a `` psychological blow '' .  more than 90 % of internet access is blocked in syria , a monitoring group say .
 flood waters from vegas to philly ; hawaii next <sec> new : at least 33 north carolina roads will remain closed long-term due to storm damage .  north carolina flooding claims two lives ; others rescued . .  bus near grand canyon flips on side , washes downstream .  all 33 passengers climb to safet .
 singles group makes history with first 'cougar cruise ' <sec> cruise for women who date younger men sets sail on carnival cruise ship elation .  the event is fully booked at 300 travelers , organizers say .  cruise is one of many symbols of burgeoning `` cougar '' movemen .
 syria terror charges against moazzam begg dropped <sec> group calls for the uk to pursue a `` more measured strategy '' on counterterrorism .  uk prosecutors drop case against former guantanamo bay detainee moazzam begg .  he was charged with attending a terrorist training camp in syria and aiding terrorism .  authorities say newly disclosed material undermined key evidence in prosecution 's cas .
 fit nation : sweet dreams for better health , weight loss <sec> erica moore , 35 , says she gained weight because she worked too much and slept too little .  feeling burnt out after a work assignment in india , she switched positions to give her more time for herself .  she realized she was sleep deprived and has made three concrete changes to get more rest and they are workin .
 hotel guest checks out after 10-plus years <sec> joy bricker has lived at a falls church , virginia , hotel for over a decade .  ailments are forcing her to move in with her daughter in upstate new york .  a job with hud brought her to washington in august 2001 .  she says she plans to devote her time to church in retiremen .
