 polo ponies are pampered , beloved , hard-trained athletes <sec> investigators try to determine what killed 21 polo ponies in florida .  contagious disease ruled out ; tissue samples sent for further study .  players form close bonds with horses , club executive says .  humane society of the united states sends official to watch investigatio .
 defense team says holmes committed colorado theater shooting <sec> in a court filing , holmes admits to the mass shooting for the first time .  he is the suspect in last year 's shooting spree at a movie theater in colorado .  court document says he was having `` a psychotic episode '' at the time of the shootin .
 do n't blame muslim brotherhood for morsy power grab <sec> egyptian president mohamed morsy announced measures vs. judiciary .  tarek masoud : some say this shows an islamist party ca n't be trusted to run a democracy .  he says the power grab is n't a result of the muslim brotherhood , but of egypt 's power vacuu .
 abby wambach having a ball as she heads to world cup final <sec> the united states is playing japan in women 's world cup final on sunday .  star forward abby wambach is regarded as a dangerous goal scorer .  wambach 's header against brazil earned her an award and was her third of the tournament .  u.s. seeking to win four-yearly event for a record third time in frankfur .
 fargo sandbagging again as flood threat looms <sec> fargo spokeswoman says city has goal of filling 1 million more sandbags .  `` i do n't think people are as worried '' as they were in late march , she says .  national weather service issued flood warning due to precipitation forecas .
 uk 's prince harry sees combat in afghanistan <sec> new : prince harry 's afghanistan deployment is being reviewed .  new : breaking of a news embargo puts the prince at risk , military says .  new : islamist web sites have alerted militants to capture the prince .  ministry of defense says prince harry was deployed in decembe .
 'homeland ' is back : can it recapture the magic ? <sec> 'homeland ' returns after a critically-maligned third season .  the new season is basically a reboot .  carrie returns with new issues in the ci .
 justices debate whether feds went overboard in fisherman prosecution <sec> john yates was convicted of destroying evidence in a federal investigation .  feds allege he threw three undersize fish overboard .  the justices will debate the case and issue a ruling in the next few month .
 feeling unsafe ? 'do n't drive ' says world champion vettel <sec> sebastian vettel tells drivers who feel unsafe not to drive in f1 cars .  f1 drivers have threatened to boycott german gp in a row over tires .  five drivers experienced tire blowouts at british grand prix .  red bull 's vettel currently leads the 2013 world championshi .
 tax or penalty , does it matter for romney and obama ? <sec> tammy frisby : republicans , democrats argue if the individual mandate is a tax or penalty .  frisby : debate over the tax status has little effect on who wins the white house .  she says the health care law includes tax increases much higher than the mandate .  frisby : conservatives have already won on the mandate issue , as indicated by poll .
 pelosi names three house democrats to complete debt panel selection <sec> new : obama calls for a fair approach , saying everyone should chip in to a solution .  clyburn , becerra and van hollen are added to the 12-member bipartisan committee .  the new committee will consider $ 1.5 trillion in deficit reduction steps .  it is created under the debt ceiling agreement passed into law last wee .
 how you know you 're in 'shondaland ' <sec> rhimes has three shows premiering thursday night .  two are returning and one is new .  her shows share some similaritie .
 protesters and police spar in hong kong <sec> police and protesters face off again in tense scene in hong kong 's admiralty district .  police use batons and pepper spray to push back protesters .  at least 40 have been arrested , police tell cn .
 review : 'think like a man ' is a comedy about the rules of dating <sec> `` think like a man , '' is an amorous ensemble comedy based on harvey 's 2009 best-seller .  kevin hart is the hilariously raging cedric , who ca n't stop jabbering about the divorce he only thinks he wants .  it comes down to a bunch of horndogs pretending to be chivalrou .
 convicted murderer mistakenly released in chicago <sec> steven robbins was serving a 60-year prison sentence for murder .  he was taken to an illinois court for unrelated charges .  those weapons and drug charges were dropped .  instead of returning to the prison to continue serving his sentence , he was freed by mistak .
 can supercars and hybrid motors save the car industry ? <sec> paris motor show kicks off as car giants take the stage to present new models .  focus will be on greener and more efficient cars , as manufacturers try to capture new customers .  european car market shows signs of recovery , but asia remains the growth cente .
 united and beckham top forbes ' football rich list <sec> manchester united tops forbes ' football rich list for seventh year in a row .  english team heads off real madrid and arsenal as most valuable in the world .  its american owners have large debts but the club is otherwise highly profitable .  david beckham again tops highest-paid player list ahead of cristiano ronald .
 somali forces say they 've retaken al-shabaab strongholds <sec> military forces say they have taken strongholds in northeastern mogadishu .  the military cites `` a big achievement '' .  al-shabaab claimed responsibility for an attack last week that killed dozen .
 vatican welcomes anglicans into catholic church <sec> vatican opens door to disillusioned anglicans wanting to join catholic church .  married priests and bishops to be allowed to `` enter into full visible communion '' .  vatican says `` hundreds '' of anglicans have expressed interest in joining .  anglicans can retain their rites while recognizing the pope as their leade .
 state department releases graphic anti-isis video <sec> video fights isis recruiting efforts by highlighting the group 's barbaric nature .  `` welcome to the 'islamic state ' land '' video is posted on a dedicated youtube channel .  u.s. has been `` messaging '' in social media in arabic , urdu and somali for three year .
 official who inspected collapsed philadelphia building kills self <sec> ronald wagenhoffer , 52 , killed himself , city official say .  he recently inspected a building that later fell while being demolished , killing 6 .  `` this man did nothing wrong , '' a deputy mayor says of wagenhoffer .  a crane operator has been charged with involuntary manslaughte .
 redefining what it means to 'sparkle ' <sec> mara brock akil wrote the script for the remake of `` sparkle '' .  she says she feared backlash from fans who loved the original .  there are some slight tweaks to the characters in the 2012 versio .
 georgia 's child obesity ads aim to create movement out of controversy <sec> ads meant to raise awareness among parents of child obesity epidemic , hospital says .  strong4life ads being phased out but debate lingers over whether they did more harm than good .  critics say they reinforced negative stereotypes , failed to provide solutions .  hospital wants focus to shift from ads to steps that will change cultur .
 obama : human , systemic failure to blame in terror attempt <sec> new : source : cia had report on abdulmutallab weeks before bombing attempt .  new : source says report was n't disseminated ; cia spokesman says info in terrorist database .  president : authorities should have prevented suspect from boarding flight .  man accused of attempting to detonate explosive on flight to u.s. on christma .
 will reading wikileaks cost students jobs with the federal government ? <sec> u.s. colleges warn students to not comment on , post links to wikileaks on social media sites .  doing so calls into question `` ability to deal with confidential information , '' memo says .  experts : statements may affect chances of getting security clearance for government jobs .  some say schools are overreacting ; others say warning is prudent advic .
 typhoon haiyan : 30 members of one family missing after storm <sec> three days after typhoon haiyan , families fear for silent loved ones .  around 30 members of daisy nemeth 's extended family are missing .  family 's trying to hire someone to go to tacloban to find them .  her 68-year-old uncle is missing , with children , wife , grandchildren , cousin .
 boxer manny pacquiao defeats shane mosley in las vegas <sec> manny pacquiao beats shane mosley to keep his world welterweight title .  the filipino wins his 15th straight fight and retains one of 10 titles he 's earned .  mosley is a three-time world champion but has lost two of his last five fight .
 south africa mourns 44 killed in mine clashes <sec> new : lonmin closes to allow miners to attend services .  new : some workers have resumed work following the strikes .  new : company officials say no incidents occurred at the mine overnight .  government officials and mine workers attend the memorial service near the site of the clashe .
 'mission impossible ' pops champagne $ 31.3 million over new year 's weekend <sec> `` mission : impossible -- ghost protocol '' has now cumulatively tallied $ 134.1 million .  `` sherlock holmes : a game of shadows , '' rose 9 percent for $ 22.1 million .  `` alvin and the chipmunks : chipwrecked , '' jumped an incredible 45 percent for $ 18.3 millio .
 wolves and winners : george w. bush writes about his high court picks <sec> former president bush writes about his supreme court picks in his memoir .  he writes about his successful nominations of john roberts and samuel alito .  there is bitterness over the treatment of close aide and friend harriet miers .  `` if i had to do it over again , i would not have thrown harriet to the wolves of washington .
 deadly week continues in afghanistan as 2 nato troops killed <sec> new : two nato service members die in ied attacks in southern afghanistan .  on thursday , five americans were killed in another attack in the region .  nato says two insurgents were killed in northern baghlan provinc .
 yemen president authorizes deputy to negotiate power transfer <sec> the opposition coalition group 's spokesman calls the move a stalling tactic .  vice president hadi has the authority to negotiate transfer , president saleh says .  saleh has been in saudi arabia recuperating from a bomb attac .
 fbi investigating finances of man accused of killing family , self <sec> fbi looking for financial impropriety after man 's clients talked about money loss .  police say william parente killed wife , two daughters in hotel room .  family id 'd as william and betty parente , stephanie , 19 , catherine , 11 .  police say parente , an attorney , fatally cut himsel .
 uk parliament dissolves ahead of vote <sec> uk voters go to polls in general election on may 6 .  labour chasing fourth straight victory but conservatives ahead in polls .  dissolution of parliament a procedural step performed by queen elizabeth ii .  new parliament due to take office on may 2 .
 the worst sports contract ever <sec> steve politi says alex rodriguez 's contract is the worst in sports history .  the yankees still must pay him more than $ 90 million over the next four years .  rodriguez will be 42 when the contract finally runs out .  rodriguez has hit 647 career home runs but has yet to play this season because of injur .
 'i 'm very happy to see you all again , ' suu kyi says after release <sec> new : bono cheers suu kyi 's release , says he hopes it 'll lead to political progress .  thousands rushed to the fence of her yangon house to see her .  she put her trademark flowers in her hair , a gesture of defiance .  she has spent 15 of the past 21 years under house arres .
 surge of iraq , afghanistan vets on ballot <sec> paul rieckhoff : on tuesday 27 vets of iraq and afghanistan will seek seats in congress .  `` new vet 27 '' are inspiring ; recent vets are often portrayed as villains or victims , he says .  rieckhoff says they know personally the cost of foreign policy choices .  in 1969 , vets held 75 percent of seats in congress ; soon it may be less than a fifth , he write .
 swedish car maker saab files for reorganization <sec> independent adminstrator appointed to form saab reorganization plan .  auto maker says plan considered to be the best way to attract future funding .  saab is a fully owned subsidiary of ailing u.s. auto maker general motors .  gm is fighting to stave off bankruptcy with job cuts , u.s. treasury loan .
 champion li crashes out of french open ; sharapova struggles into last eight <sec> french open champion li na loses to world no . .  142 in the fourth round .  kazakh qualifier yaroslava shvedova moves into the quarterfinals in paris .  world no . .  2 maria sharapova battles into the last eight with three-set win .  russian will go top of the rankings if she reaches the title matc .
 'the dark knight rises ' earns pg-13 rating for violence and ... sensuality ? <sec> the mpaa handed a pg-13 rating today to `` the dark knight rises '' .  the rating is for `` intense sequences of violence and action , some sensuality and language '' .  it does provide us with a tantalizing indication for what may be in stor .
 north carolina could give the gop big headaches in 2016 - cnnpolitics.com <sec> some gop legislators vow to defend a law that places north carolina 's primary fifth-in-line .  political professor : `` north carolina is the biggest threat to the calendar now '' .  if north carolina holds its primary before march 1 , the rnc says it will chop its delegation down to 1 .
 hoop dreams : darryl middleton 's journey from basketball stardom to master chef <sec> darryl middleton is one of the usa 's most successful basketball players outside the nba .  has played for 15 different european clubs in five countries over past 25 years .  helped marc gasol become one of the nba 's top stars .  one of the oldest active players playing outside of the u.s .
 britain , france push for more u.n. troops in congo <sec> peacekeeping mission in democratic republic of congo is already u.n. 's largest .  britain , france call for 3,000 more u.n. troops in congo .  human rights groups in congo also have been calling for more troops there .  fighting in congo has caused about 250,000 people to flee homes since augus .
 when is social-media use a crime ? <sec> connecticut police : social media users have posted fake info about newtown shootings .  new twitter accounts seem created to piggyback on the notoriety of the alleged gunman .  legal experts question whether authorities could successfully bring charges over online posts .  aclu free-speech expert : `` the police are there to protect our safety and not our feelings .
 silent no more , wives go public about their husbands ' affairs <sec> writing books and doing interviews , wives of famous cheating husbands speak out .  jenny sanford 's `` staying true , '' in stores friday , is the latest example .  not taking the traditional `` stand by your man '' approach , infidelity experts applaud honesty .  expert : authors provide `` service to others who are or may become victims of infidelity .
 kagawa steals show as united march on <sec> manchester united go 15 points clear at top of english premier league .  japan midfielder shinji kagawa scores hat-trick in 4-0 demolition of norwich city .  rafa benitez ends turbulent week on a positive note as chelsea beat west brom 1- .
 obama : 'peace is possible , ' but see the world as palestinians do <sec> new : president obama receives israel 's highest civilian honor .  obama calls on young israelis to pressure their leaders to work for peace .  secretary of state john kerry will stay on to hold talks with israeli leaders .  palestinian leader abbas says israeli settlements threaten a two-state solutio .
 give better pay to home care workers <sec> ai-jen poo : national grandparents day a good day to appreciate home care workers .  she says elderly should be able to stay in their homes , but we underpay those who help them .  she says fair pay , benefits needed as aging boomers boost demand for home care workers .  poo : more states must make laws for adequate pay , benefits to those who care for elderl .
 opinion : texting killing tells us only one thing <sec> david weinberger : media , readers riveted by story of shooting of texter in theater .  he says we look only because it raises issues people care about : guns , civility , texting .  as we learn particulars , story sheds ever less light on those broader issues , he says .  writer : these stories feed our existing notions , there are no lessons . .  it is only tragi .
 feds search nopd in post-katrina shooting investigation <sec> agents search new orleans police department in connection with investigation .  feds are looking into shootings of two men on a bridge after hurricane katrina .  new orleans times-picayune says agents seized files and hard drives .  seven police officers were initially charged in the cas .
 search for missing cruise ship passenger unsuccessful so far <sec> authorities suspect passenger fell overboard from carnival ship holiday .  ship in gulf of mexico on way from mobile , alabama , to cozumel , mexico .  missing 50-year-old alabama woman still not found .  in separate incident , man rescued after falling off another carnival shi .
 helen mirren can twerk better than you <sec> mirren twerked while receiving an award .  the actress was honored by harvard 's tasty pudding drama group .  she admits she 's twerked befor .
 opinion : stop atrocities before they start <sec> president set up atrocities prevention board to get ahead of potential genocides .  the board 's aim is to shift u.s. policy away from responding to atrocities to preventing them .  writers : congress needs to put long-term efforts in place in potential hot spots .  writers : sanctions , visa bans or military operations do n't work in modern-day conflict .
 drogba crowned africa 's footballer of the year <sec> didier drogba claims african footballer of the year award for the second time .  drogba beats off challenge of samuel eto'o and chelsea teammate michael essien .  ghana 's dominic adiyiah wins young player of year awar .
 cnn student news - november 14 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 zidane : do n't 'dwell ' on henry 's handball <sec> former teammate zinedine zidane comes to defense of thierry henry .  henry admits a replay would be the `` fairest solution '' in handball row .  henry set up decisive goal for france in their world cup playoff with irelan .
 sex-tourism operation nets three , justice department says <sec> operation twisted traveler is crackdown on u.s. sex tourism in cambodia .  three men being returned to united states , charged under protect act .  suspects convicted of previous sexual offenses in u.s. , agency says .  they face sentences of 30 years for each alleged victi .
 maduro : from bus driver to venezuelan leader <sec> analyst : maduro was behind radical foreign policy decisions , also compromises .  hugo chavez said he wanted maduro to replace him .  maduro has been venezuela 's vice president and foreign minister .  he started his career as a bus driver and later become a union leader and a politicia .
 bush defends interrogation program in michigan speech <sec> george w. bush delivers first major domestic speech since leaving white house .  he says interrogations such as waterboarding prevented attacks , saved lives .  former president : `` i made the decision , within the law , to get information '' .  bush also defends tarp , says he wo n't criticize president obam .
 opinion : we must avoid facebook 's 'creepy ' cult of transparency <sec> commentator andrew keen describes the business model that has led to facebook 's billion-dollar valuation as `` creepy '' .  keen says the impact of facebook on our privacy is `` deeply worrying '' .  `` i worry about the disappearance of core values such as privacy , solitude and secrecy , '' keen adds .
 french joy as betancourt reunited with children <sec> new : ingrid betancourt reunited with her children for the first time in six years .  french president nicolas sarkozy leads celebrations with tv address .  sarkozy calls on farc to lay down their weapons and end `` absurd combat '' .  betancourt to visit france after meeting with children in colombi .
 hong kong 's secret stockpile of seized ivory <sec> hong kong has amassed a stockpile of tons of seized illegal ivory .  last year , authorities seized more than six tons of ivory destined for china .  conservation groups say demand in china is driving the illegal trade .  illegal trade in ivory has more than doubled since 2007 , a report say .
 why we should salute prince harry for his polar charity walk <sec> prince harry is in cape town waiting to continue preparing for a 200-mile trek to the south pole .  much of the royals ' operational lives are devoted to charity work , writes victoria arbiter .  at 87 the queen has more than 600 patronages and at 92 prince philip has about 800 , she says .  she says prince william and harry , however , have taken things one step furthe .
 air force leader against sex assaults charged with sexual battery <sec> new : defense secretary chuck hagel expresses `` outrage and disgust '' over the allegations .  the arrest comes as the pentagon faces scrutiny over sex assaults in the ranks .  the officer was serving as a branch chief but has been removed from duty .  police said a woman accused him of fondling her breasts , buttock .
