 senate torture report restarts fight on terror policy - cnnpolitics.com <sec> senate democrats are set to release a long-delayed and much-anticipated review of american interrogation techniques .  the report will tackle the question of whether torture helped gain intelligence .  republicans have pulled support from the report and will offer their own rebutta .
 nasa launches satellite for critical mapping mission <sec> new : aquarius sea surface salinity satellite launched friday .  it will generate maps of sea salt movements to aid the understanding of climate change .  project is a joint effort with the argentine space agenc .
 romanian president suspended <sec> new : parliament votes to suspend the president .  new : referendum vote within 30 days will decide his fate .  the move marks the latest in a series of attacks between the prime minister and the president .  the coalition holds a comfortable majority in parliamen .
 mystery pilot , financial manager known as smooth operator <sec> alleged victims , fellow pilots , said they trusted marcus schrenker .  authorities say pilot tried to fake his own death by crashing his private plane .  pilot thinks schrenker was protecting money despite lack of specifics .  neighbor said missing pilot , financial manager was stresse .
 hantavirus warnings sent to yosemite visitors from 39 other countries <sec> the centers for disease control and prevention says up to 10,000 people are at risk .  virus causes a rare lung disease that kills about a third of those infected .  the incubation period is typically two to four weeks after exposure .  symptoms can include fever , chills , cough , headaches and gastrointestinal problem .
 thailand arrests suspect amid terror warning <sec> new : analysts split on possibility of hezbollah activity in thailand .  thai investigators arrest terror suspect .  `` foreign terrorists '' could be planning attacks `` in the near future , '' the u.s. embassy says .  the united states and israel issue travel warnings for bangko .
 mladic shows no remorse as war crimes trial opens <sec> new : alleged war criminal ratko mladic gestures an apparent threat to victims in court .  new : prosecutors accuse him of setting out to drive people from their homes .  the ex-general faces 11 counts of genocide , war crimes and crimes against humanity .  nearly 8,000 muslim men and boys were slaughtered in srebrenic .
 small plane makes hard landing on bronx highway <sec> forced landing in the bronx on major highway .  3 people on board .  no reports of any vehicles struck by the aircraf .
 d-day through a lens : 'first the rifle , then photographs ' <sec> former u.s. soldier tony vaccaro carried a camera with him while fighting in wwii .  vaccaro shot 8,000 pictures of what he saw on way from beaches of normandy to berlin .  photos show devastation left in wake of conflict , but also joys of liberation .  the former g.i . .  became a professional portrait photographer after the wa .
 scathing report shines spotlight on georgia prisons <sec> thirty-three prisoners and one officer are reported killed since 2010 .  `` people who are supposed to be running our prisons have lost control , '' says attorney .  calls to the georgia department of corrections are not returne .
 remembering 'disgusting , rebellious ' era of trading cards : 'garbage pail kids ' <sec> a new book compiles a complete series of `` garbage pail kids '' images .  the gross-out trading cards were popular in the 1980s .  art spiegelman and john pound among artists who designed the image .
 leaders gather in minsk for more talks on ukraine <sec> leaders of france , germany , russia and ukraine meet in belarus ' capital .  ukrainian president calls the meeting `` the most important one '' he has had thus far .  violence between ukrainian authorities and separatists has been raging for month .
 gps hackers blaze trails with crowdsourced maps <sec> about half a million users are embracing crowdsourced versions of digital maps .  openstreetmap offers maps that can be customized and loaded to gps devices .  crowdsourced maps can show hiking trails , whitewater rapids and other features .  developers are creating iphone applications based on these map .
 which 'wire ' character reminds pfeiffer of jeb bush ? <sec> dan pfeiffer said jeb bush is like `` cutty '' from the `` the wire '' .  he was arguing that bush , like cutty , has been out of his respective trade for a while .  bush has n't run for office in 12 years but is exploring a presidential bid .  the character cutty was a drug enforcer who later set up a neighborhood gy .
 tips from a marriage proposal expert <sec> josh levs says a marriage proposal should reflect the personality of the couple .  a public proposal should be well-thought-out and not for the benefit of observers .  public or private , a proposal should be an expression of love and commitment .  your proposal is not a performance , but you should be confident enough to seal the dea .
 facing the abyss : freedivers take on deadly depths in extreme sport <sec> a growing number of young emiratis pursue freediving .  freediving has a long history in the uae , going back to the old days of pearl diving .  experts warn death rates could rise as more people take part in the extreme water spor .
 obama urges black community to 'march with me ' <sec> new : obama stresses `` fairness , '' while admitting `` we 've got more work to do '' .  `` stop grumbling , stop crying , '' the president advises .  with the black jobless rate at 16.7 % in august , it 's major concern for officials .  obama has recently been meeting with black journalists , leader .
 leanna harris ' attorney : she passed a polygraph test <sec> new : `` she 's strong but she 's very scared , '' attorney tells cnn .  polygraph results are not admissible in georgia criminal court .  a test given to leanna harris was not court-sanctioned .  leanna harris ' lawyer provided an excerpt of the test and said his client passe .
 u.s. does n't think gadhafi 's foes know where he is , official says <sec> new : loyalists fire rockets at opposition fighters from bani walid .  new : ntc leader says libyans have a choice between the past and the future .  the united states does not believe the ntc knows where gadhafi is .  official : the u.s. mission is to protect citizens , not to nab gadhaf .
 obama : no sign petraeus scandal hurt national security <sec> new : president obama expects immigration bill to be introduced after inauguration .  obama offered fierce defense of u.n . .  ambassador susan rice over benghazi comments .  obama said unaware of any disclosure from petraeus scandal that could harm national security .  president opened door to compromise regarding the impending fiscal clif .
 1 dead after belgian train derailment <sec> one person was killed after a train derailed in belgium .  17 others were injured , governor 's spokesman says .  the train was carrying a toxic chemical compoun .
 be adventurous : join future friday <sec> lenny ann low created future friday to gain more confidence .  she must take one risk that is good for her future by each friday .  lenny has done stand-up comedy , flew a jetfighter , and met her fiancé ala .
 the machine creating water out of thin air <sec> element four has developed a machine that creates clean water out of air .  growth of water use has been outpacing the rate of population increase .  shortages of clean water pose health challenges in the developing world .  zimbabwe 's water crisis has unleashed a devastating cholera epidemi .
 fort hood tightens security procedures <sec> fort hood tightens restrictions on who is allowed onto post .  `` relaxed entry will cease , '' garrison commander col. bill hill says .  armed guards positioned in key locations , including behavioral health facilities .  moves come after november 5 shooting that killed 13 peopl .
 ben rhodes : u.s. will fight isis with a coalition - cnnpolitics.com <sec> a key national security adviser says the u.s. would `` absolutely '' secure an international coalition to defeat isis .  president has yet to make a decision to conduct airstrikes in syria , officials caution .  british , french and australian forces have already participated in air drop .
 africa 's longest-serving ruler is dead , says gabon pm <sec> new : defense ministry closing all of the country 's ports after leader 's death .  bongo took power in 1967 , seven years after gabon 's independence from france .  at the time of his death , he was being treated in spain for intestinal cancer .  earlier monday , there had been conflicting reports about the state of bongo 's healt .
 family seeks posthumous pardon for texas convict <sec> cameron todd willingham was executed in texas in 2004 .  his family has asked the state parole board for a posthumous pardon .  fire experts have said there was no evidence he set the fire that killed his daughters .  prosecutors have insisted on his guilt , and gov . .  rick perry has called him a `` monster .
 greece bombings not linked to al qaeda , government says <sec> new : police : bombs were `` booby trap bombs '' hidden in books and files .  new : pm 's spokesman : the suspects are terrorists , but not professional .  the government names 2 suspects arrested in connection with the bombs .  packages were sent tuesday to the leaders of germany and ital .
 funeral director : hard to bury alleged boston bomber <sec> new : massachusetts group raising money to ship body overseas .  official : tamerlan tsarnaev accessed inspire magazine on a home computer .  peter stefan says he is struggling to find a grave for tsarnaev .  cambridge 's city manager says he wo n't allow tsarnaev 's burial in his cit .
 opinion : boston and kansas killings unite us <sec> writers : like boston bombings , kansas shootings meant to divide people along lines of faith .  rabbi and minister from boston remember how their community came together after bombings .  writers : hate crimes do n't divide ; they bring all faiths together bonded by humanit .
 opinion : manning verdict 's lesson in a digital age <sec> douglas rushkoff : manning found guilty of espionage . .  why is whistle-blowing punishable ? .  he says u.s. government has n't faced it ca n't control info in digital age of easy access .  he says manning exposed objectionable official actions of u.s. -- not secrets , but approaches .  rushkoff : the transparency of a digital age means u.s. has no choice but to do right thin .
 kim jong il 's bizarre life as a pop culture icon <sec> kim jong il leaves behind an unlikely legacy in popular culture .  north korean grandiose portrayal of its leader inspired comedians .  twitter trends reference `` team america , '' a film that featured a puppet ki .
 the question no one wants to ask : what if flight 370 is never found ? <sec> amelia earhart and bermuda triangle are other lingering mysteries .  it will be difficult for families to get closure if no bodies are found .  billions in insurance claims will likely be paid out .  technology and policies will change as a result of mh37 .
 jeb bush takes on common core opponents - cnnpolitics.com <sec> former florida gov . .  jeb bush has been a major proponent of common core standards .  bush challenged those who opposed common core to come up with an alternative .  bush was speaking to his education group foundation for excellence in educatio .
 twitter faces new pressure to limit hate speech <sec> social media sites are wrestling with how to police hateful speech .  a man in england was arrested after a feminist received rape threats on twitter .  sites have difficulty policing millions of users .  but expectations are high as twitter , facebook have become more mainstrea .
 coroner : wife of decapitated georgia man killed , dumped in lake <sec> new : shirley dermond , 87 , did not drown , a coroner says .  dermond 's body was found friday in lake oconee .  coroner : her death a homicide , caused by `` blunt impact injury to the head '' .  the woman was killed first , then her body was put in the lak .
 opinion : could u.s. have stopped syria 's chemical attack ? <sec> u.s. intelligence agencies had some prior warnings about syria 's chemical attack .  schneier : despite the knowledge , the u.s. was n't able to stop the attack .  he says having more data does not necessarily enable government to act meaningfully .  schneier : the paradox is that a lot of valuable intelligence ca n't be used for actio .
 paralyzed u.s. skydiver conquers the skies over dubai <sec> jarrett martin was paralyzed at the age of 18 by a stunt jump that went wrong .  now 24 , martin is back in the skies , working as a skydiving instructor in dubai .  `` you put your mind to it and anything can happen , '' says marti .
 federer frustrated after rome reverse ; serena to miss french open <sec> third seed roger federer knocked out of rome masters by richard gasquet .  world no . .  1 rafael nadal reaches quarterfinals , where he faces marin cilic .  novak djokovic extends his winning run to 34 matches and will play robin soderling .  serena williams announces she is not ready to make her comeback at french ope .
 as unrest spreads , syrian government promises to respond <sec> syrian president decrees salary hikes for state workers , tax cuts .  syrian state tv broadcasts pro-government rallies . .  the white house condemns `` brutal repression '' by the syrian government .  thousands show up for the funerals of a soldier and other .
 new jersey law protects overdose patients from prosecution <sec> overdose protection act applies to those who seek medical help for themselves or someone else .  jon bon jovi joins gov . .  chris christie for the bill 's signing .  law also applies to those who administer overdose antidotes in life-threatening situation .
 missing 2-year-old found after double homicide in virginia <sec> new : police say a 2-year-old boy they say was abducted has been found .  new : authorities issue an arrest warrant for jamal clemons , 27 .  the boy was in a car the suspect allegedly used to flee the scene .  the child is identified as kaiden gage burnsid .
 sudanese army : rebel leader ibrahim killed <sec> new : the jem rebel group alleges a conspiracy led to the death of its leader .  sudanese army : khalil ibrahim and members of his group 's leadership were killed .  ibrahim was the leader of the justice and equality movement ( jem ) .  fighting between darfur rebels and the sudanese army broke out days ago in north kordofa .
 what does arizona 's immigration law do ? <sec> new : arizona 's governor signs controversial immigration bill into law .  critics say they fear law would lead to racial profiling .  lawmakers in other states reportedly are looking to introduce similar legislatio .
 search of syria 's disclosed chemical weapons sites nearly done <sec> inspectors reached a site that could not be visited earlier for safety reasons .  they 've now looked at 22 of 23 sites named by syria .  new u.s. intelligence suggests syria might not fully declare its stockpil .
 lawmaker : obama signals 'give ' to gop deal on debt ceiling <sec> new : obama indicates a willingness to accept a short-term deal , a lawmaker says .  gop source : republicans may have to accept a `` clean '' debt ceiling plan .  the partial government shutdown enters its ninth day .  a deadline looms to raise the debt ceiling or face default for the first tim .
 judge : youtube does n't have to take down anti-islam video <sec> actress in `` innocence of muslims '' filed complaint alleging she was a victim of fraud .  she 'd sued the filmmaker and youtube 's parent company , saying she had been harmed .  a judge denies her request that youtube be ordered to take the video down from its site .  the trailer for the film has stirred protests by muslims worldwid .
 gay , powell test positive for banned substances <sec> sprinters tyson gay and asafa powell test positive for banned substances .  gay last month posted the fastest time in the 100 meters this year at 9.75 seconds .  powell held the world record in the 100 meters before fellow jamaican usain bolt .  the news comes a month after veronica campbell-brown was provisionally banne .
 van der sloot arrives at lima police headquarters <sec> new : dutch consulate offers defense attorney to suspect .  victim beaten by tennis racquet , authorities say .  investigators testing for dna on clothes , tennis racquet .  van der sloot facing charges of killing a peruvian woman .  dutch citizen arrested twice , released in 2005 disappearance of alabama tee .
 nearly all british troops pulling out of iraq <sec> almost all british troops in iraq are being pulled out .  agreement that allows them to be there expires on friday .  only about dozen british troops will remain to help train iraqi polic .
 a dangerous dance : china , vietnam posture in the south china sea <sec> china , vietnam dispute the waters around the paracel islands in the south china sea .  current tension came about after china moved an oil rig into the region .  this week a chinese fishing vessel had rammed , sank one of its vietnamese counterpart .
 tornadoes hit kansas , strong storms batter missouri <sec> kansas spotters report at least four tornadoes .  potosi , missouri , sees wind damage to roofs and some flooding .  thursday 's forecast calls for more storms but to the eas .
 four gop candidates fail to make virginia primary ballot , judge rules <sec> new : gingrich says `` we 're going to keep going '' .  virginia attorney general indicates candidates may appeal .  four candidates `` played the game , lost , and then complained , '' judge rules .  perry , gingrich , santorum and huntsman wo n't be on virginia primary ballo .
 mancini : manchester city 'should win a title every year ' <sec> roberto mancini says manchester city still the best team in the premier league .  italian says city should win a title every year .  manuel pellegrini under growing pressure at club .  city faces barcelona in champions league on wednesda .
 google : getting in the face of football 's 3.5 billion fans <sec> google and roma partner to offer fans worldwide a digital match-day experience .  a live stream of the team bus and drone cameras over the stadium will offer viewers a unique insight .  the club will publish gifs of 360-degree `` shoeselfies '' on its google plus page .  wembley 's arch will light up with the colors of chelsea or tottenham hotspur during league cup fina .
 the naked truth about the naked cowboy case <sec> the naked cowboy , aka robert burck , registered his trademark .  he has filed a federal lawsuit against mars inc. , the maker of m & ms .  his suit seeks $ 6 millio .
 rolling thunder comes to washington <sec> rolling thunder created to bring attention to soldiers listed as pow or mia .  `` it 's a brotherhood that we have , veterans of the foreign wars , '' rider says .  defense department : more than 88,000 soldiers listed as missing in actio .
 massive storm system claims at least 12 <sec> new : severe weather outlook improves for southeast , mid-atlantic .  three deaths have been reported in tennessee .  the damage in branson is in the tens of millions of dollars , missouri 's governor says .  harrisburg , illinois , is among the hardest hit , with at least six death .
 rafael nadal : australian open loss one of my 'toughest ' moments <sec> rafael nadal says losing the australian open final was worse than his six-hour defeat in 2012 .  a back injury hampered the spaniard and he was beaten in four sets by stanislas wawrinka .  a return to indian wells excites nadal since he has won the masters event three times .  former champion victoria azarenka plays down her chances due to a foot injur .
 bet awards celebrate michael jackson <sec> even on the red carpet , the talk is about michael jackson .  this year 's show was to recognize musical legacy of soul trio , the o'jays .  jamie foxx performs in red , leather `` billie jean '' jacket ; does wobbly moonwalk .  janet jackson : `` my entire family wanted to be here tonight -- it was just too painful .
 major mexican drug lord captured <sec> jose carlos moreno flores works for a large drug cartel , mexican officials say .  he is linked to mexico 's most wanted man , they say .  he shipped cocaine to the u.s. , mostly by land , the officials sa .
 karzai says media misinterpreted comments on u.s. and taliban <sec> new : kerry pledges u.s. commitment to afghanistan beyond 2014 .  new : president karzai thanks america for its support .  earlier monday , the united states turns over a prison to afghan control .  kerry makes an unannounced visit to afghanistan to meet with karza .
 monty python 's final london performance to air live <sec> monty python 's final london concert airing in theaters , on tv .  python concluding run set for sunday at london 's o2 arena .  show is n't something completely different but a greatest hits for comedy troup .
 3 afghan soldiers face u.s. immigration charges <sec> the men have been placed into removal proceedings .  they went missing after a trip to a massachusetts mall .  the men were caught by canadian border guard .
