 opinion : ariel sharon 's legacy is deeply disturbing <sec> sarah whitson : while eulogies praise ariel sharon , his legacy is actually disturbing .  whitson : sharon 's pro-settlement , virulently anti-palestinian policies were harmful .  she says he avoided prosecution for the killings of civilians in which he was implicated .  whitson : his death is a grim reminder that impunity for human rights abuses still occur .
 japan 's crown prince says : remember war `` correctly '' <sec> japan 's crown prince urges subjects to `` look back humbly on the past and correctly pass on the tragic experiences and history '' of wwii .  comments have been taken as a rebuke to prime minister shinzo abe , often seen as a revisionist .  abe will soon make a statement regarding the second world war 's 70th anniversary .  anything but conciliatory language in abe 's statement could be potentially explosive for regional relation .
 transcript : gupta talks to king about surgeon general decision <sec> gupta : `` it really came down to a sense of timing '' .  gupta says job would have taken him away too long from family .  gupta talks about challenges obama faces in reforming health car .
 daughters survive haiti quake , but nashville family still waits <sec> wilsons ' 21-year-old daughter , and the 5-year-old girl they were about to adopt live in haiti .  `` we spent hours trying to get any information , '' missy wilson says .  daughters and 47 other children all made it out of orphanage alive .  father traveled to haiti on a medivac plane for joyous reunio .
 telepresence comes home , but it likely wo n't come cheap <sec> consumers should expect to pay top dollar for high-definition videoconferencing .  two tech companies announcing videoconferencing products for the home today .  skype already offers free videoconferencing through its peer-to-peer servic .
 randy travis travels 'the road to recovery , ' fiance says <sec> travis entered a texas hospital for treatment of congestive heart failure on july 7 .  he later suffered a stroke , which doctors said was a complication of the heart failure .  `` randy continues on the road to recovery , '' his fiance say .
 prince charles opens up about love and life <sec> prince charles and camilla , duchess of cornwall , preparing for u.s. trip .  charles praises camilla for how she has defined her public role .  the two are coming up on their 10-year wedding anniversar .
 in rare event , 2 tropical cyclones aimed at hawaii <sec> hurricanes rarely make landfall in hawaii .  but one hurricane and one tropical storm are heading that way .  hurricane iselle could weaken and tropical storm julio could strengthen .  officials being cautious , but some residents less s .
 taxi driver stabbed after passenger asks if he 's muslim <sec> passenger allegedly stabs taxi driver after asking if he 's muslim .  the suspect , who police say was intoxicated , was arrested .  michael enright is charged with attempted murder and hate crime .
 'bridesmaids ' director brings 'the heat ' <sec> after redefining the wedding movie with `` bridesmaids , '' director paul feig is back with `` the heat , '' a female buddy cop comedy .  melissa mccarthy reunites with feig .  feig calls statements that women are n't funny `` ridiculous '' .  next up , feig is working on a `` female james bond '' movi .
 aa flight from london sits in tulsa after engine issue <sec> american airlines flight 79 took off from london , destined for dallas .  spokeswoman : its crew declared an emergency due to a left engine issue .  the 777 had to sit on the tarmac because tulsa did n't have customs agents .  a new aircraft will pick up the passengers and fly them to texa .
 vietnam vet 's prosthetic leg stolen at eagles game <sec> veteran says woman in eagles gear ran off with his prosthetic leg .  sonny forriest jr. 's limb was on his chair while he entertained fans outside the stadium .  police found the prosthetic leg on a subway train about midnigh .
 solar cars still a way off <sec> the 2010 toyota prius , due this spring , will have an optional solar panel on its roof .  the panel will power a cooling system without help from the engine .  one company also makes a roof-mounted solar panel for current prius models .  but it 's a long way from the new prius to a solar-powered car , experts sa .
 sister remembers 'horrible moment ' king was killed <sec> king 's sister was sewing an easter dress when she saw tv report he was shot .  farris : memory of memphis `` not a pleasant one . .  ... .  it 's one that i can not erase '' .  she remembers her brother loved playing pool , doing jitterbug and telling jokes .  despite loss of loved ones , farris says , `` god never puts on us what we ca n't bear .
 question about mike brown leads to beating in st. louis <sec> an african-american man in his twenties beats a white man after asking about michael brown .  two more young black men join in the beating , which is caught on camera .
 brain implant better than meds for parkinson 's disease <sec> brain implant gave parkinson 's patients more tremor-free hours daily than meds .  deep brain stimulation delivers electrical impulses to movement control center .  surgery is complicated , carries risks including infection , depression .  treatment , introduced in 1990s , becoming more widely accepte .
 suicide blasts at islamabad university kill at least five <sec> all the victims of the attack are between the ages of 18 and 25 .  took place outside international islamic university in islamabad .  more than 12,000 foreign and local students are enrolled at university .  pakistan rocked by series of suicide attacks in wake of its taliban offensiv .
 ronaldo double leaves real on top <sec> cristiano ronaldo scores twice as real madrid top group c by beating marseille 3-1 .  ronaldinho penalty gives ac milan 1-1 draw against fc zurich .  chelsea held to a 2-2 draw at home by apoel nicosia .  atletico madrid claim europa cup place despite losing 3-0 to port .
 your favorite things about serbia <sec> we asked readers to share their favorite things about serbia .  click through the gallery above to see the images they sent throug .
 al qaeda leader 's brother to be freed in egypt <sec> new : his nephew and attorney say mohamed al-zawahiri was tortured .  new : he has paid a price because of his brother , the nephew and attorney say .  al-zawahiri was released , then re-arrested , last yea .
 why ida odinga is not your average politician 's wife <sec> cnn sits down with ida odinga wife of kenya 's prime minister , raila odinga .  a teacher by profession , she is known for her dedication to kenya 's women and children .  she says education is helping women take up positions of responsibility .  `` the women must be powerful and they must remain strong , '' says oding .
 zuckerberg 's facebook page hacked to prove security exploit <sec> facebook ceo mark zuckerberg 's personal page was hacked to make a point .  palestinian researcher says security team did n't take his reports seriously .  facebook says volume of reports , language barrier hindered its response .  khalil shreateh wo n't get a reward for reporting the fla .
 sharks kill man at florida beach <sec> sharks attack , kill a 38-year-old man near stuart beach in southern florida .  lifeguard spotted him struggling in the water and large number of sharks .  man was in cardiac arrest by the time the lifeguard helped him ashore .  florida leads u.s. in number of shark attacks ; worldwide , attacks on declin .
 johnny depp takes center stage at mtv movie awards <sec> `` johnny depp is a rock star in the world of movies , '' aerosmith 's steven tyler says .  `` the twilight saga : breaking dawn - part 1 '' wins movie of the year .  `` the hunger games '' claims four acting awards .  `` harry potter and the deathly hallows : part 2 '' takes the best cast troph .
 nyad 'feeling strong ' in swim attempt despite squall , stings <sec> new : diana nyad has logged nearly 40 statute miles in her latest attempt .  a sudden squall blew the swimmer off course sunday night .  jellyfish stung her lips , forehead , hands and neck saturday night .  `` she did the diana nyad thing and powered through '' problems , operations chief say .
 transgender murder , hate crime conviction a first <sec> allen andrade guilty of murder , bias crime in teen 's slaying .  advocates : case is first conviction in nation for transgender hate crime .  case has been closely watched by transgender rights group .
 pentagon reports record number of suicides <sec> pentagon : as many as 349 military service members committed suicide in 2012 .  it would be the most since detailed records began being kept in 2001 .  more than half of the suicides and apparent suicides were among army personnel .  military support group says 18 % of its contacts are from people grieving a suicid .
 sasheer zamata joins 'snl , ' first black female cast member in 6 years <sec> zamata makes her debut on the late-night sketch comedy show on january 18 .  the comedian has been honing her skills with the upright citizens brigade in new york .  producers have been criticized for the lack of diversity since maya rudolph left 6 years ago .  lorne michaels said last month he was holding audition to add a black woman in januar .
 is your doctor 's role changing in the fight against obesity ? <sec> u.s. preventative services task force releases new recommendations .  group suggests physicians direct obese patients to interventions .  many insurance companies provide coverage for weight loss and wellness program .
 u.n. : rwandan troops in congo for joint operation <sec> rwanda has dispatched some 1,900 soldiers , rwanda news agency reports .  the neighbors have traditionally been on different sides of the conflict in east congo .  the struggle pits tutsis , supported by rwanda , against the congo-backed hutu .  the conflict is effectively an extension of the rwandan genocid .
 cdc : ebola cases could reach 550,000 by january <sec> cdc : ebola cases in liberia and sierra leone could rise to 550,000 by january .  who : death toll from ebola passed 2,800 as of monday , with 5,800-plus cases reported .  fatality rate is 71 % and `` current epidemiologic outlook is bleak , '' who experts say .  nigeria and senegal have shown ebola can be contained with rigorous efforts , it say .
 army : death of soldier who died during skype session with wife is under investigation <sec> capt . .  bruce kevin clark died during a skype session with his wife , the family says .  clark 's family did not elaborate as to what took place .  the u.s. military has not released a cause of death .  the case is under investigation , the military say .
 ebola out of headlines but on the horizon ( opinion ) <sec> irwin redlener : ebola headlines in u.s. may have receded , but it 's mistake to think threat gone .  he says ebola is out of control in sierra leone and has spread to mali .  redlener says u.s. hospitals remain woefully unprepared for potential resurgence .  budget cuts have hit key preparedness programs , but we ca n't hit snooze button , he say .
 the danger of twitter , facebook politics <sec> wesley donehue : social media gives people unprecedented ability to see political process .  he says there 's a risk politicians will become too dependent on twitter , facebook .  compromise , productive bills happen behind closed doors , not transparently , he says .  donehue : politicians have to lead and represent the people , not become slavishly responsiv .
 $ 71 million buys a lot of obama 's favorite things <sec> obama raised almost $ 30 million less than romney in june .  with $ 71 million , obama could buy more than 32,000 more first dogs .  the president could supply 18,525 people with ben 's chili bowl for a year .  $ 71 million buys 400,000 basketballs , allowing 4 million people to play simultaneousl .
 world cup 2014 : cristiano ronaldo vs. zlatan ibrahimovic for a place in brazil <sec> portugal drawn to play sweden in the european playoffs for 2014 world cup .  four of the eight teams in the draw will go to brazil .  each of the eight teams finished second in their qualifying group .
 chevron chief , environmental lawyer discuss energy policy <sec> robert kennedy jr. says immediate conservation measures needed .  chevron 's david o'reilly : oil alternatives to take long time to develop .  kennedy : windfall profits taxes not an energy policy .  o'reilly : chevron profits about 7 percen .
 ministry backtracks on bhutto sunroof claims <sec> new : ministry backtracks on claim bhutto died because of sunroof latch .  reward offered for id of two suspects believed involved in assassination .  doctors claim pakistani police prevented an autopsy on benazir bhutto .  lawyer athar minallah said the move violated pakistani criminal la .
 steve jobs biography is top-selling book in the u.s . <sec> biography of apple co-founder sold 379,000 copies in the u.s. its first week .  that 's the biggest week of sales for any book in the u.s. for almost a year .  publisher moved its release up by a month after jobs ' deat .
 the world 's worst racehorse ? meet vote for lust <sec> vote for lust failed to win a single race in 90 appearances before his recent retirement .  ranked as australia 's worst racehorse -- by some distance .  horse recently retired and now is being ridden by the owner 's granddaughter .  there was once talk of a one-sided showdown with aussie great black cavia .
 bear grylls survives new book <sec> survivalist bear grylls has released his autobiography .  he is best known for hosting the series `` man vs. wild '' .  grylls said he 's working on some new upcoming show .
 'inglourious basterds ' no . 1 at box office <sec> `` inglorious basterds '' bests the reigning box office champ `` district 9 '' .  warner bros. had a much harder time with its release `` shorts '' .  `` g.i . .  joe '' also hung in for its third week , earning an additional $ 12.5 million .  see which other films made the top ten list at the box offic .
 typhoon death toll in taiwan climbs higher <sec> at least 543 people are now known to have died when typhoon morakot hit taiwan .  at least 117 people are still missing , and at least 46 people were injured .  emergency services have also found 60 human limbs .  taiwan president ma ying-jeou apologizes for the slow response to the typhoo .
 police arrest sixth member of family accused of child sex abuse <sec> new : darrel mohler , another relative , charged with two counts of rape friday .  five relatives were arrested tuesday after six people accused them of abuse .  more alleged victims have come forward since initial arrests , police say .  allegations date from the mid-1980s through at least the mid-'90s , the sheriff sai .
 no joke in april fool 's day computer worm <sec> the conficker c computer worm is expected to activate on april fool 's day .  the worm lets a master computer take over infected zombie pcs .  it 's unclear what the program 's author plans to do with all the power .  a group called the conficker cabal is trying to hunt down solution .
 rhode island guardsman died saving afghan girl <sec> spc . .  dennis weichel was in a convoy in laghman province .  he saw a huge armored vehicle bearing down on a girl picking up shell casings .  weichel moved the girl but was run over by the truck .  rhode island governor orders flags flown at half-staf .
 parents of georgia teen , found dead in rolled-up gym mat , want answers <sec> kendrick johnson , 17 , was found dead in a rolled-up mat a high school gym .  authorities closed the case on him , saying his death was an accident .  his parents believe otherwise ; they say a second autopsy proves it .  the johnsons are pushing for a coroner 's inquest , reopening the cas .
 new dawn for ancient monument : stonehenge visitor center opens <sec> overhaul of 4,000-year-old monument cost $ 44 million and was delayed for decades .  visitor center opens days before druids and pagans descend for winter solstice .  reconstructed neolithic head looks , to at least one observer , weirdly like `` big lebowski '' film star .  was it ufos ? .  origins of stonehenge remain a myster .
 egyptian copts , reeling from violence , want protection <sec> new : copts rally for international protection .  at least 190 arrested , state media says .  witnesses : the egyptian military fires shots into the air to break up a crowd .  clashes erupt over rumor of a woman held against her will , an official say .
 iraqi outrage over u.s. marine 's plea deal in haditha killings <sec> `` this soldier should be executed , '' one iraqi man says .  `` iraqi blood is n't so cheap , '' a kurdish lawmaker says .  the marine will have a reduced rank and a pay cut under the plea deal .  a u.s. military law expert says a public explanation is neede .
 mark zuckerberg 's infamous facemash.com for sale <sec> the domain name facemash.com is up for auction by a third party .  facebook 's mark zuckerberg used the name facemash.com for a college project .  zuckerberg 's site for ranking harvard students ' attractiveness got him in trouble with the schoo .
 moroccan backdrop for game of thrones and gladiator <sec> the town of ouarzazate is often called morocco 's hollywood .  ridley scott 's film `` gladiator '' and parts of `` game of thrones '' have been filmed in the area .  the industry is making a comeback after being hit hard by the global financial crisi .
 body found of ohio soldier missing in iraq <sec> staff sgt . .  keith matthew maupin 's remains were found , u.s. military says .  maupin appeared in video aired by al-jazeera , saying he was husband , father .  his convoy came under attack near baghdad international airport in 2004 .  the body of another convoy soldier , sgt . .  elmer krause , was found that yea .
 cdc confirms 7 cases of swine flu in humans <sec> cdc : five cases found in california , two found in texas .  all seven patients have recovered .  symptoms of swine flu in humans are expected to resemble human influenza .  vaccine against human flu is not expected to work against swine fl .
 is china pushing nepal to crack down on tibetans ? <sec> nepal 's prime minister says there is no crackdown on refugees ' rights .  tibetans in nepal say china has a growing influence in the country .  nepal is a poor country sandwiched between china and india .  chinese border police often come into nepa .
 jackson still 'king of pop ' on billboard charts <sec> billboard magazine : fans bought 800,000-plus michael jackson albums last week .  jackson has all 10 top positions on billboard 's top pop catalog albums chart .  `` king of pop '' has five singles on top 10 list of digital downloads .  `` man in the mirror '' is singer 's most popular single , with 159,000 download .
 britain 's zara phillips to appear in video game 'howrse ' <sec> zara phillips to star in online equine game `` howrse '' .  phillips to become the first member of the royal family to appear in a video game .  the olympic equestrian will offer advice in the game .  phillips expecting her first child this mont .
 report : online threat could have been key to thwarting uk soldier 's murder <sec> michael adebolajo 's brother says committee is trying to justify new spying legislation .  internet firms must live up to duty to prevent terrorism , uk pm david cameron says .  report : uk intelligence , security agencies could not have stopped lee rigby 's slaying .  but committee chairman slams online company for not flagging one exchang .
 karzai stands by ban on private security firms <sec> new : afghan , international officials meet to discuss implentation of ban .  afghanistan is banning all private security firms .  president karzai stands by the decision .  the u.s. is concerned about the ramifications for development organization .
 trending watch : pop culture 's top stories of the week <sec> here 's a roundup of the week 's trending pop-culture stories .  they include a new `` star wars '' trailer and an ill-advised , on-camera ran .
 why closing greek broadcaster is make or break moment <sec> shutdown of greek broadcaster ert sparks protests .  sophia ignatidou says shutdown was met with mixed feelings .  democracy is being questioned in the country once deemed its `` cradle '' .  ignatidou : switching off state broadcaster will only exacerbate problem .
 liverpool in hillsborough anniversary plea <sec> liverpool anxious to avoid playing on 20th anniversary of hillsborough tragedy .  april 15 is one of the two dates nominated for champions league quarterfinals .  uefa president michel platini personally intervenes to ensure date stays fre .
 oil spill coordinator : gulf cleanup to continue into winter <sec> federal officials say work will continue through the winter in some gulf areas .  officials stress that seafood testing has not turned up any problems in fish .  rear adm. paul zukunft says effects of the disaster remain substantia .
 latch on nyc ( it 's going to be okay , people ) <sec> new york city 's latch on nyc initiative will promote breastfeeding for new moms .  opponents say the campaign creates obstacles for mothers who prefer to use formula .  the initiative will be put into place in 27 of the city 's 40 hospitals starting on sept. 2 .  parenting.com 's taylor newman says the plan is n't as restrictive as some make it out to b .
