 nominee for ambassador to iraq withdraws from consideration <sec> some senators said brett mcgurk had used poor judgment .  he used an official government e-mail account to exchange flirtatious notes with a reporter .  the two subsequently married .  it is not clear if the senate foreign relations committee would have approved mcgur .
 empty chair will represent imprisoned nobel peace prize winner <sec> the last time an empty chair was used was for the 1935 prize .  two countries that initially declined to attend now say they will .  the nobel institute director says it 's a signal to china for political reform .  china created its own peace prize , which was awarded thursda .
 real madrid confirm deal to sign argentina 's angel di maria <sec> real madrid confirm agreement to sign argentina 's angel di maria from benfica .  the striker , who is playing at the world cup in south africa , will sign a six-year-contract .  the capture of di maria is jose mourinho 's first signing as real madrid manage .
 ethiopian air force plane crashes at mogadishu airport , killing 4 <sec> the plane `` burst into flames immediately on crashing '' .  it was carrying arms to the african union forces in somalia .  the peacekeeping force has more than 17,000 personnel from across afric .
 rapper pitbull true to his cuban heritage <sec> pitbull has had some crossover success ; his new album debuted in top 10 .  hip-hop artist has cuban heritage , has balanced that with american upbringing .  he says he 's not fazed by failure : negatives can lead to positives , he say .
 russian forces hunt dagestan militants , 'black widows ' <sec> militant leader killed in police shootout in dagestan , state media reports .  a flier gives details of two more `` black widow '' suspects sought by authorities .  a third woman on the flier was killed in a weekend gun battle in dagestan .  islamist militants have threatened to strike at the olympic games next month in soch .
 sharapova avenges zheng defeat with opening stanford victory <sec> maria sharapova reaches the second round of the bank of the west classic in stanford .  former world no . .  1 beats china 's zheng jie to avenge defeat at indian wells .  russian fifth seed will next face unseeded olga govortsova of belarus in u.s. event .  defending champion marion bartoli also wins to set up clash with ana ivanovi .
 director todd field to helm 2nd bowe bergdahl film project <sec> fox searchlight 's film will be based on rolling stone 's `` america 's last prisoner of war '' .  writer and director todd field is best known for `` in the bedroom '' and `` little children '' .  `` hurt locker , '' `` zero dark thirty '' director kathryn bigelow is also working on a bergdahl film .  sgt . .  bowe bergdahl was released after five years in captivity in afghanista .
 4 bodies found in arizona desert <sec> a border patrol spokesman says it 's probable they are immigrants .  the bodies have not been identified , the maricopa county sheriff 's office says .  activists say border deaths are on the rise as security forces more dangerous crossings .  border patrol officials have argued that more security is necessary to stop smuggler .
 report : bush-era officials authorized detainee abuse <sec> lawyer 's e-mail says , `` many of the techniques appear to violate '' geneva conventions .  investigator says `` one of our approaches '' was to keep detainees naked .  report : officials encouraged use of stress positions , phobias , deprivation of light .  techniques came from program used to train troops to resist enemy interrogatio .
 opinion : did flammable cargo doom flight 370 ? <sec> sylvia adcock : investigators need to look closely at flight 370 's cargo manifest .  adcock : malaysian officials said jet was carrying 440 pounds of lithium ion batteries .  adcock : lithium ion batteries are flammable , can burn in a way that 's difficult to extinguish .  checking this is at least as important as investigating pilot 's flight simulator , she say .
 police : man tortured 4-year-old to death for wetting his pants <sec> brandon joshua-frederick hayes , 24 , arraigned on nine charges .  they include first-degree premeditated murder , first-degree child abuse , torture .  police chief on 4-year-old dominick calhoun : `` in all respects , he was tortured '' .  police still looking into role of dominick 's mother , corrine bake .
 eurasia cup : asian rival to the ryder cup to get underway in 2014 <sec> europe and asia 's top golfers to compete in the eurasia cup .  the event will take place at malaysia 's glenmarie golf and country club .  the eurasia cup will be played once every two year .
 senate sends no-warrant wiretapping bill to bush <sec> bill updates foreign intelligence surveillance act of 1978 .  senate passes measure by a vote of 69-28 ; bush says he will sign the bill .  bill updates eavesdropping rules to take into account technology changes .  civil liberties groups vows to fight bill in cour .
 air force officers sanctioned after sleeping on job <sec> two first lieutenants and a captain fell asleep while manning a classified device .  2 officers are investigated for lying about destroying classified missile components .  there have been a string of air force mishaps and problems relating to weapon .
 sepp blatter tells uefa to put up or shut up <sec> sepp blatter seeking fifth term as fifa president .  three men have so far declared against him .  blatter challenges uefa to nominate a candidate for election .  wants to work for a radio show if not re-electe .
 journaling helps woman lose half her body weight <sec> charmaine jackson has gone from 260 to 130 pounds in five years .  she credits food journaling for helping her achieve her weight loss .  studies and experts support journaling as a weight loss goa .
 cnn student news - may 7 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 dakota johnson is 'shameless ' <sec> dakota johnson covers the march issue of elle magazine .  the `` fifty shades of grey '' star talks about why she signed up for the part .  she 's also part of cnn entertainment 's cnn 10 lis .
 vonn finishes fifth in super g at lake louise <sec> lindsey vonn claims fifth place in women 's super g event at lake louise .  american making her competitive return following knee injury last february .  ted ligety equals mark of italian skiing legend alberto tomba at beaver cree .
 commentary : black americans should be masters of our fate <sec> first-time possession of crack carries more severe sentence than powder cocaine .  phillips : disparity does n't prove racism , it was prompted by 1980s crime wave .  one-parent families are responsible for many social ills , he says .  people should try to live virtuous lives and take control of their fate , phillips say .
 commentary : make every job a green job <sec> andrew shapiro : skeptics argue that only a small number of jobs are green .  he says green industries and jobs can be the key to revitalizing economy .  shapiro : as economy goes green , jobs will be transformed .  he says u.s. will lose competitive edge if it does n't invest in renewable energ .
 school will continue using fighting sioux nickname <sec> ncaa has a policy against mascots `` deemed hostile '' to native americans .  university of north dakota uses fighting sioux nickname and logo .  many citizens want school to continue using them .  but ncaa said there would be repercussion .
 move over barney , new dog moving into white house <sec> president-elect obama promises his daughters a puppy .  white house has a history of president pets -- from dogs to tiger cubs .  president bush had three dogs and cat , president clinton a dog and ca .
 jetblue flight attendant wants his old job back <sec> new : jetblue memo shows management may be unwilling to forgive .  jetblue flight attendant steven slater is charged with two felonies .  he made a dramatic emergency-slide exit from an aircraft monday .  his attorney says he is optimistic about a settlement with prosecutor .
 steve jobs ' yacht revealed , christened 'venus ' <sec> steve jobs ' yacht was unveiled in a dutch shipyard on sunday and christened `` venus '' .  boat designed by jobs and designed by jobs and minimalist designer philippe starck .  jobs family attended ceremony , gave builders customized ipod shuffle .
 are we set up to believe in a higher power ? <sec> deepak chopra quotes philosopher , psychologist william james `` the will to believe '' .  chopra agrees that god should be adopted as a working hypothesis .  says in stepping beyond hope into belief , you open yourself to knowledg .
 do n't believe the iowa hype <sec> roland martin objects to the notion that you have to take iowa to win .  martin : no candidate should drop out based on performance in iowa or new hampshire .  the 48 other states must not be dismissed , he says ; changes in fortunes happen .  iowa boosted obama , he says , but not winners huckabee , buchanan or tsonga .
 libraries in suspense over lead regulations <sec> new : consumer advocate says law is needed to protect public health .  law may require pulling children 's books until lead content is determined .  librarians worry about cost , practicality of testing all books .  bill 's sponsor criticizes cpsc for failure to give clear guidanc .
 texas teen bags state-record-sized alligator <sec> texas teenager goes on his first alligator hunt .  braxton bielski bags one more than 14 feet long .  catch sets new recor .
 second jewelry theft reported at cannes film festival <sec> a necklace worth seven figures was stolen at a hotel party in resort town near cannes .  a safe containing jewels was stolen from a cannes hotel last week .  there is no indication thefts are connected , police sa .
 icc to probe reports banned amir played village match in england <sec> icc to investigate reports mohammad amir took part in a village game in england .  amir is serving a five-year ban from cricket after being found guilty of corruption .  the 19-year-old pakistani says he thought the match did not contravene his ban .  matt prior reprimanded by icc for smashing a window at lord 's cricket groun .
 fifa considering snood ban ; suspended pair fail with appeal bid <sec> fifa considering a ban on the snood due to safety concerns .  the neck-warmers are becoming increasingly popular with players .  two fifa execs banned for corruption have their appeals dismisse .
 lawyer : weatherman found near corpse hopes to clear his name <sec> brett cummins resigned friday from his job as a meteorologist at kark , his lawyer says .  given all the inquiries to kark , cummins `` thought it ... best '' if he quit , adds the attorney .  he was found in a tub one week ago alongside a dead body , according to a police report .  no one has been arrested , and lawyer says he hopes inquiry will clear his clien .
 pilot says tsa punished him for sharing videos online <sec> the videos show what he called lax security at the san francisco airport .  `` i was trying to bring up the obvious , ludicrous tsa-type of security , '' the pilot says .  the tsa suspends him from the federal flight deck officer program and takes his gun .  tsa says he may have violated a regulation , pilot say .
 death toll climbs from rio mudslides <sec> death toll climbs to at least 181 ; thousands left homeless .  mayor : record-breaking 11.3 inches ( 288 millimeters ) of rain fell in rio tuesday .  200 could be trapped following another mudslide , brazilian media repor .
 holocaust victims ' shoes stolen from polish museum <sec> eight shoes belonging to holocaust victims are taken from a museum in lublin .  a cabinet containing some of 280,000 shoes displayed at the museum was broken into .  some 80,000 people , among them 60,000 jews , were killed at the majdanek cam .
 lisa ling : the dangerous seduction of a rich boyfriend <sec> lisa ling describes herself as `` fiercely independent '' and `` a die-hard feminist '' .  while dating an older , richer man , she became `` seduced by a lifestyle '' .  ling explores the world of `` sugaring '' in the premiere of her new cnn show .  watch `` this is life with lisa ling '' sundays at 10 .
 meet the robot chef who 'prints ' cookies <sec> students at poland 's school of form have developed a robotic chef .  robot creates 3d-printed cookies in almost any shape imaginable .  electrolux design lab unearths new concepts in robotics and bio-mimicr .
 violence spreads across south africa <sec> violence in johannesburg spreads to cape town , resulting in one death .  mozambique declares state of emergency to assist people fleeing s. africa .  attacks on foreigners in south africa have left more than 40 people dead .  police , military in first joint operation raid three hostel .
 hamilton claims maiden win for mercedes to revive title hopes <sec> lewis hamilton wins hungarian grand prix to boost title hopes .  kimi raikkonen finishes in second place in his lotus .  triple world champion sebastian vettel back in third .  vettel increases lead in standings after fernando alonso takes fift .
 plane crash off jamaica : what happened ? ( opinion ) <sec> early in pilot career , les abend faced rapid loss of cabin pressure .  he says captain of doomed flight that crashed in jamaica waters may have faced that , too .  if so , hypoxia would have kept him from making lifesaving altitude adjustments , he say .
 hillary clinton mum on keystone in speech to group vocally opposed to it <sec> hillary clinton took a pass at addressing the keystone xl pipeline project before a pro-environment group monday .  clinton has frequently declined to take a position on the controversial issue .  earlier in the day , clinton attended a fundraiser for embattled pro-pipeline democrat sen. mary landrie .
 malala , satyarthi accept nobel peace prize <sec> india 's kailash satyarthi , pakistan 's malala yousafzai are awarded nobel peace prize .  satyarthi has been active in fighting against child exploitation for financial gain .  targeted by the taliban , yousafzai is a champion for girls education .  chairman : `` we need people like satyarthi and yousafzai to show that it helps to fight .
 money needed to prevent big asteroid strike despite low chance <sec> house panel hears that chances of a big asteroid strike are one in 20,000 .  despite low risk , the government needs to develop better defenses , experts say .  forced spending cuts are harming preparedness , government officials say .  it will take years to build an effective system to deflect a large asteroid away from eart .
 debt-free living is key to power <sec> the rev . .  soaries says part of mission is helping church fight debt , delinquencies , deficit .  church devised dfree program to guide congregants , others in resolving debt , he says .  once they do this , he says , community may also help church pay off cost of new complex .  soaries : there 's joy , value in debt-free living ; it 's important legacy to leave to childre .
 international prosecutor arrives in libya <sec> new : red cross officials meet with moammar gadhafi 's son , say his health is good .  luis moreno-ocampo wants saif al-islam gadhafi tried at the international criminal court .  libyan authorities say they want saif al-islam gadhafi to face justice at home .  saif al-islam gadhafi and intelligence chief abdullah al-senussi captured over weeken .
 hong kong authorities seize 290 kilograms of cocaine <sec> `` high-grade cocaine '' is found in a shipping container .  it arrived in hong kong from chile .  no arrests have been made , but the investigation is ongoin .
 state of the union : obama calls for action , with or without congress <sec> republicans say president obama is offering the same policies that have n't worked .  analysts agree it was a good speech , even if they disagree on the message .  in emotional moment , obama lauds wounded war veteran .  obama calls on the gop to stop re-fighting obamacare battle .
 look inside kennedy 's brain tumor surgery <sec> bottom line : in cases such as kennedy 's , surgery combined with radiation therapy or chemotherapy or both is often used .
 nantucket man wrestles with shark <sec> elliot sudal , 24 , made waves when he wrestled a shark on a nantucket beach .  he says he 's caught and released about 100 sharks in the past eight months .  sudal has received criticism over concerns about injuring the sharks .  `` i just played around with this guy , '' he says . .  'it 's like a connection with the animal .
 marvel comics offer 'paused ' after servers crash <sec> as part of sxsw , marvel offered 700 no . .  1 issues free for digital download .  servers crashed ; readers were unable to download their free issues .  comixology 's ceo announced it is `` pausing the promotion for the time being .
 ukraine : fighting closes donetsk airport , claims dozens of lives <sec> osce loses touch with team of four international monitors in donetsk .  donetsk morgue contains bodies torn apart by bullets , shrapnel , explosions .  40 people killed , two of them civilians , in airport gun battle , donetsk mayor 's website says .  35 militants killed and about 60 injured in monday 's fighting , separatists sa .
 woman charged in deadly day care fire returns to texas <sec> new : jessica tata is currently at a houston area jail .  four children died at her houston day care in february .  tata faces manslaughter and unlawful flight charge .
 top tips for great food and tango in buenos aires <sec> cnn correspondent javier doberti shares his travel tips for buenos aires .  palermo is doberti 's favorite neighborhood -- he says it has everything that makes buenos aires attractive .  javier recommends visitors take a walk along the delta del tigre on the outskirts of the city .  he recommends las milongas as a great venue to watch local dancers showcase their skill .
 new space cargo ship makes first flight <sec> orbital sciences successfully launched its cygnus cargo ship wednesday .  the unmanned craft is set to rendezvous with the international space station on sunday .  nasa has a $ 1.9 billion contract with orbital for eight flights to the is .
 gaza music students find smart ways around travel ban <sec> gaza music school was destroyed in israeli invasion soon after opening three years ago .  it has been rebuilt and is being taken over by palestinian national music conservatory .  school must find innovative ways around gaza travel restriction .
 ten-man japan end qatar 's asian cup bid ; history for uzbekistan <sec> japan defender masahiko inoha scores last-minute goal to settle quarterfinal clash .  `` blue samurai '' will next face either three-time winners iran or south korea .  hosts qatar had twice led but japan striker shinji kagawa responded with two goals .  group a winners uzbekistan beat group b runners-up jordan 2-1 in second quarterfina .
 2 held in alleged plot to shoot up mall in canada <sec> canadian authorities say they stopped a planned mass shooting at a mall .  police commander brian brennan : `` this group has been stopped and halifax is a safe place '' .  a man and a woman charged with murder conspiracy , another suspect is found dead , police sa .
 pan am experience evokes glamorous days of air travel <sec> pan am experience offers the chance to `` fly '' in the 1970s without leaving los angeles .  host anthony toth admits he 's obsessed with the airline .  tickets to the pan am experience run $ 200 to $ 300 eac .
 kristin chenoweth to play maleficent <sec> kristin chenoweth will play maleficent in a disney original movie .  the film , `` descendants , '' follows the teen offspring of disney 's iconic characters .  `` high school musical 's '' kenny ortega will direct .  `` descendents '' is set to premiere in 201 .
 libya has 'great evidence ' against gadhafi 's son , icc prosecutor says <sec> new : interim prime minister insists libya can give saif al-islam gadhafi a fair trial .  new : `` we intend to project the real image of the new libya , '' the prime minister says .  libya and the international criminal court have been battling over where he will face trial .  saif al-islam gadhafi was captured in novembe .
 partner up : the fellowship of fitness <sec> working out in a group of friends inspired fit nation participant erica moor .
 blending safety with sexy : space fashion is here <sec> nasa , orbital outfitters and mit all involved in designing new space suits .  experts believe space-suit design will become more fashion conscious .  several space fashion shows have already been hel .
