 how to help reduce rape in alaska <sec> alaska is estimated to have the highest reported rape rate in the nation .  readers voted for cnn columnist john sutter to focus on this issue .  cnn has vetted a list of nonprofits providing counseling , medical attention and shelter .  there are many ways cnn readers can help rape victims , even from afa .
 asia 's budget airlines spread their wings with long-haul flights <sec> four budget airlines in asia will be flying long-haul routes by 2013 .  skeptics doubt that the low-cost , long-haul model will work .  but backers say the formula is already proving successful , and will spread elsewher .
 paul allen shows battleship musashi , wwii wreck <sec> japan 's giant battleship musashi was sunk off the philippines in world war ii .  a team led by microsoft co-founder paul allen said it found the wreck after an eight year searc .
 posada , anti-castro exile and former cia operative , goes on trial <sec> cuba accuses posada of blowing up a commercial airliner and other terror acts .  he will face trial in the united states for lying to immigration officials .  while awaiting trial on the plane bombing , posada escapes from venezuela jail .  he has denied involvement but a declassified cia document quotes him saying otherwis .
 philippines police : authorities botched hostage rescue <sec> gunman was able to watch live coverage of the standoff .  police officials say they observed inadequate skills and improper crowd control .  national police chief says authorities tried to end standoff peacefully .  philippine red cross chairman says gunman initially said he would not harm hostage .
 o.j . simpson could get 6 years , 18 years -- or life <sec> new : probation report recommends 18 years ; defense asks for six .  o.j . .  simpson convicted of robbery , kidnapping in october .  judge to sentence simpson on friday in las vegas sports memorabilia cas .
 sexy , skintight , chic : how china 's iconic dress has survived a century <sec> the chinese cheongsam has a long history , but some worry its days are numbered .  hong kong 's cheongsam industry boomed in 1960s .  the assistant curator of a hong kong cheongsam exhibit believes the dress will live on .  most cheongsam manufacturing has moved to mainland chin .
 feds demand answers from gm on recall defect <sec> no . .  1 u.s. automaker recalled 1.36 million cars over faulty ignition switch .  company says 31 crashes and 13 deaths may be linked to the problem .  safety regulators have asked gm to answer specific questions about defect .  critics say gm and regulators were too slow over the years to take actio .
 florida 's voting standoff deja vu ? - cnnpolitics.com <sec> 2000 cemented florida 's reputation as a place where elections sometimes go awry .  voting rights groups and florida elections officials are facing off over strict new laws .  political experts say partisanship at play in state 's voter purg .
 besiktas , galatasaray ends in violence <sec> istanbul derby match between galatasaray and besiktas ends in violence .  galatasaray leading 2-1 when the match was abandoned in stoppage time .  fans hurled objects , including chairs , during clashes with riot police .  violent scenes began following a red card for galatasaray 's felipe mel .
 willie nelson statue to be erected in austin <sec> a bronze sculpture of willie nelson will be erected in austin .  the statue is a gift to the city from the non-profit group capital area statues .  the unveiling event will include an appearance by nelson himsel .
 my city will never be the same ( opinion ) <sec> at least 23 people were killed in an attack on bardo museum in tunis .  mabrouka m'barek : tunisia has failed to `` recruit '' its citizens into societ .
 detroit shooting kills 2 <sec> new : cnn affiliate reports that 8 people were injured .  she is not aware of any arrests .  it was not immediately clear whether there was one shooter or mor .
 women 's british open : usa star mo martin triumphs <sec> mo martin wins the women 's british open at royal birkdale .  triumph is martin 's first major victory .  suzann pettersen of norway and feng shanshan of china a shot further back .  overnight leader inbee park finished fourt .
 next nasa mars rover to make oxygen , look for farmland <sec> the mars 2020 rover looks a lot like the curiosity rover .  it has better and new exploration technology .  cameras will see in stereo and spectrometers will analyze soil for organic material .  it will collect soil samples for future missions to send bac .
 out of battery ? charge your phone in a 'strawberry tree ' <sec> a serbian startup has created a public solar-powered charging station .  the company , strawberry energy , has won the verge accelerator competition .  the charger works for 16 varieties of smartphones and tablets .  there are currently 12 strawberry trees spread across serbia and bosni .
 tennis 'likely ' to change anti-doping rules after viktor troicki case <sec> tennis will probably change one of its anti-doping rules in 2014 following viktor troicki 's ban .  troicki received an 18-month suspension after failing to provide a blood sample in april .  troicki claims he was told he could take the test the day after but the itf refutes that .  troicki says novak djokovic was among those who signed a petition demanding rule change .
 engine trouble , smoke , force delta flight to return to airport <sec> new : passengers aboard delta flight say they heard crash , saw fire and smoke .  smoke inside the cabin followed report of engine trouble , airline says .  a delta spokeswoman says the airline ca n't confirm the reports of fir .
 house of representatives ' web site overwhelmed <sec> web sites of the house of representatives are overwhelmed with e-mails .  administrators implement the `` digital version of a traffic cop '' to handle the overload .  `` this is unprecedented , '' says a house spokesman .  overload began sunday as legislators said bailout agreement was posted onlin .
 batkid was cut from the oscars , but here 's why <sec> miles scott , aka batkid , had a planned appearance at the oscars that was cut .  he was supposed to appear with `` spider-man '' actor andrew garfield .  reports said tension between actor and producers let to bit being pulled .  however , garfield and the academy have disputed that clai .
 anne-marie slaughter : in favor of a leg-up state <sec> when people move ahead , the gap widens between them and those left behind .  as such , anne-marie slaughter argues our system of capitalism has never been more predatory .  she says inequality has therefore become one of the most pressing issues of our time .  the world should create an `` infrastructure of care '' that invests in human capital , she say .
 carnival triumph breaks loose from repair berth for several hours <sec> new : carnival says ship tied up at cruise terminal .  one person missing in incident , which came during high winds .  the ship has a gash in the stern , cnn affiliate reports .  problem is the latest in a series of setbacks for the cruise line leade .
 tennessee sludge spill estimate grows to 1 billion gallons <sec> cleanup crew works to keep sludge from coal plant out of river .  epa estimates spill is three times worse than thought .  15 homes damaged , three called uninhabitable .  environmental groups say sludge contains mercury , arseni .
 billy joel and christie brinkley issue a statement on alexa <sec> billy joel and christie brinkley felt they needed to set the record straight .  joel and brinkley say the december 8 new york post story is filled with lies .  they ask the public and the media to consider the source and not repeat the claim .
 egypt : hosni mubarak 's retrial postponed to next month <sec> new : the retrial of former president hosni mubarak is adjourned until mid-august .  the retrial is being held for mubarak and his sons , as well as a former minister and security aides .  mubarak was forced from office in february 2011 following two weeks of mass street protests .  mubarak was convicted last year but was granted a retrial after appealing his convictio .
 why marco rubio ca n't save the gop <sec> marco rubio is considered a rising star among republicans .  ruben navarrette says rubio 's family history may clash with his hardline immigration view .  new report says rubio 's grandfather entered u.s. illegally from cuba .  navarrette says rubio may not help boost romney 's support among mexican-american .
 always someone there for moms of special-needs kids <sec> mom2mom provides peer counseling , support and referrals in new jersey .  peer supporters also have children with special needs .  many mothers of special-needs children do n't want to appear depresse .
 opinion : when the game was for more than gold <sec> bob greene says olympics thankfully did n't echo 1960s competition between superpowers .  he says when soviets , u.s. competed in space race , the goal galvanized americans .  he says they saw kennedy 's moon goal as repudiation of khrushchev 's `` bury you '' remark .  greene : u.s. got there first ; today , there 's no race , just friendly competition , like in soch .
 opinion : palin goes too far , again <sec> sarah palin told nra meeting , `` waterboarding is how we baptize terrorists '' .  interfaith group of religious leaders called on her , nra to repudiate those remarks .  david m. perry : equating torture with religious sacrament evokes horrors of the past .  he says palin 's divisive rhetoric evokes persecution of jews and muslim .
 sweet dreams for annie lennox in queen 's honors list <sec> lennox is one of 997 people receiving an honor from the queen .  actor david suchet and producer trevor horn are also honored .  most of the recipients are local heroe .
 pro-gun activist adam kokesh arrested after search of his home <sec> new : kokesh is arrested on 2 charges , 1 of which is a weapons charge .  new : he is placed in custody in northern virginia , police say .  kokesh has a long history of speaking out , including recent youtube video .  he used facebook to call for an armed march in washingto .
 rand paul barnstorms campaign-style across iowa <sec> rand paul kicks off a three-day swing monday across the first-in-the-nation caucus state .  the state would be crucial for paul if he runs for president in 2016 .  `` you want to come in and do favors for iowa politicians , '' iowa political expert says .  this is paul 's fourth trip to the hawkeye state since the 2012 presidential electio .
 'death then , life now ' : intimate images capture the new rwanda <sec> a new exhibition in london showcases the work of rwandan photographers .  it aims to challenge global perceptions about post-genocide rwanda .  the photographers question the way their country is portrayed internationally .  `` rwanda in photographs : death then , life now '' runs until the end of next mont .
 irish company strikes gold with huge find <sec> company finds what may be largest gold deposit found in britain or ireland .  more than one million ounces of gold may lie below rolling irish countryside .  with price of gold near historic highs , find could be worth as much as $ 300 .
 court strikes down key parts of berlusconi law <sec> new : the law will automatically be modified by the court ruling .  the italian law would have stopped prosecutions against top officials for 18 months .  a court says that 's too long , and that judges must decide who can face trial .  berlusconi faces two ongoing prosecutions and another is pendin .
 ukraine should get military assistance ( opinion ) <sec> ukrainian president petro poroshenko visits washington on thursday .  he seems intent on a peaceful settlement , write strobe talbott and steven pifer .  obama should agree to provide defensive arms on an expedited basis , authors say .  talbott and pifer : moscow has grossly violated the budapest memorandu .
 italy soon to adopt reforms promised to eu , president says <sec> either an interim government will be formed or elections will be called .  italian bond yields pass a dangerous threshold .  italy 's finance minister details austerity measures .  italy has a €1.9 trillion debt loa .
 west africans to face enhanced u.s. airport screening <sec> new airport screening measures will affect travelers from guinea , liberia and sierra leone .  they 'll take effect at new york 's jfk airport , then in atlanta , chicago , newark and dulles .  official : u.s. can track those traveling from west africa via connecting flights .  cdc director : `` we ca n't get the risk to zero here in the interconnected world .
 hagel outlines plan to reduce , respond to sexual assault cases <sec> a victim 's advocacy program is among the directives issued by the secretary of defense .  the accused will be able to be reassigned or transferred .  the policies must be standardized across all branches .  obama 's remarks in may were criticized as potentially affecting the right to a fair tria .
 fighting in southeastern turkey leaves 26 dead , reports say <sec> new : the death toll rises to 26 in a military-pkk clash , according to reports .  a government office says kurdish rebels staged the attack .  the united states , turkey and the european union consider the pkk a terrorist organization .  `` i condemn this treacherous attack , '' turkish president abdullah gul say .
 paris taxi shortage : it 's about jobs <sec> paris is suffering from a world-famous taxi shortage , says david frum .  despite attempts at reform , the number of taxis has increased only 14 % since 1937 , he says .  europe 's economic crisis is embodied in france 's failure to fix this problem , frum says .  frum : europe 's anti-competitive rules that prevent hiring are an economic burde .
 uk judges agree to send terror suspect to u.s . <sec> new : court gives haroon rashid aswat 's legal team time to appeal the extradition .  he is among suspects in a u.s. jihad training camp case .  the case dates back to 1999 .  radical cleric abu hamza al-masri is among his alleged co-conspirator .
 overcrowding at coptic pope 's viewing leads to 3 deaths , dozens of injuries <sec> new : stampede breaks out inside cathedral , leaving 3 dead and 52 injured .  the funeral could bring millions of egyptian christians out at a time of tension with muslims .  pope shenouda iii is to be buried tuesday , a coptic church spokesman says .  the coptic christian minority has been targeted in attacks in recent year .
 hall & oates celebrate career , influences <sec> hall & oates have a `` whole new respect '' from musicians , listeners , says oates .  pair met in late '60s at a raucous concert when a gang fight broke out .  hitmakers had most success in early '80s with `` private eyes , '' `` maneater '' .  michael jackson borrowed groove of `` i ca n't go for that '' for `` billie jean .
 how isis ' new hostage strategy is pressuring leaders <sec> isis wants release of high profile female prisoners in exchange for hostages ' lives .  former fbi negotiator says it 's suspicious isis has not given proof of life for captive pilot .  countries including the united states and israel have in the past done prisoner swap .
 we never talk any more : the problem with text messaging <sec> as texting use rises , the phone call is becoming a dying institution .  american age 18-29 send an average of nearly 88 text messages a day .  psychologists worry social skills in young texters wo n't develop .  habitual texters may hurt relationships , miss out on new one .
 growing up with 'harry potter ' <sec> many ireporters feel a kinship to harry potter , having literally grown up with the character .  `` these books have shaped the way i think , act and live , '' raleigh browne says .  katie mahoney says `` harry potter '' will live on despite books and movies coming to an end .  what did you think of the new movie ? .  let ireport kno .
 muslim lawmaker : violence 'does n't represent ' religion <sec> rep. andre carson said violence from islamic radicals `` does n't represent '' the muslim religion .  carson is the first muslim appointed to the house intelligence committee .  conservative publications have raised questions about his position on the committee in part because of his religio .
 letters by sandusky , wife blame everyone else <sec> in letters to judge , sanduskys portray themselves as virtuous victims .  the letters all but guaranteed a maximum punishment , legal observers say .  `` sentencing is a time to ask for mercy , not to attack others , '' one expert says .  new : adopted sandusky son disappointed by his parents ' smearing of his character , lawyers sa .
 'cute turtle ' to blame for serena williams upset loss ? <sec> alize cornet beats world no . .  1 serena williams in straight sets in dubai .  the french no . .  1 had lost all three of her previous matches against williams .  williams was playing her first tournament since suffering a back injury .  cornet prevents an all williams final after venus williams earlier won her semifina .
 tip line played key role in cracking cold case <sec> james michael biela , 27 , is charged with murder of brianna denison .  police : biela 's dna and truck match evidence , witness information .  college student denison , 19 , was found dead in february .  she disappeared while visiting friends at the university of nevada , ren .
 roy blunt 's announcement sets up showdown in missouri <sec> ex-republican whip wants to keep democratic control in check .  decision comes two weeks after democrat robin carnahan announced bid .  both candidates have high name recognition in missour .
 serena williams upset by unseeded makarova in melbourne <sec> serena williams loses in straight sets to russian world no . .  56 in melbourne .  ekatarina makarova earns quarterfinal clash with fourth seed maria sharapova .  world no . .  2 petra kvitova reaches last eight after beating ana ivanovic .  defending champion kim clijsters will face top seed caroline wozniacki in quarterfina .
 protests held worldwide against execution of iranian woman <sec> protesters rally worldwide in support of iranian woman .  ashtiani was convicted of adultery in 2006 .  she was sentenced to death by stoning .  the sentence was recently put on hol .
 rio de janeiro to host 2016 olympics <sec> international olympic committee names rio de janeiro as host of 2016 games .  the final vote was between rio and madrid , spain .  chicago and tokyo were eliminated from contention in earlier voting .  a city must receive a majority of votes in order to wi .
 a limited role for obama in his final campaign <sec> president obama has not been visible on the campaign trail for his final midterm election as president .  his low approval ratings could be a drag for some democrats in key senate races .  the president will travel to help democratic candidates for governo .
 kremlin dissolves russia 's news agency ria novosti <sec> russia eliminates 72-year-old ria novosti news agency .  the move shows tightening of state control over media , report says .  controversial tv host will be in charge of new state media agenc .
 lesson from koch : fix housing , fix city <sec> errol louis : building affordable housing in nyc was a koch feat ; other cities should follow .  he says koch made major investment in housing to raise up families , neighborhoods .  he says koch did this at a blighted time in ny when fed housing support dried up .  louis : new york continues to lead in spending on rehabs , new housing , a koch legac .
 the fashionista 's dilemma : cheap clothes <sec> elizabeth cline : major fashion brands should reduce water and energy use , and waste .  the average american consumer spends $ 1,700 a year on apparel .  about 3 % of apparel is produced in the united state .
 mourinho 's words inspire pochettino <sec> mauricio pochettino has been named as the new manager of southampton .  argentine replaces nigel adkins and will take charge of monday 's game against everton .  pochettino revealed he spoke to jose mourinho about taking premier league job .  alex ferguson and rafa benitez express shock at adkins ' sackin .
 south africa 2010 - 100 days and counting <sec> only 100 days before the kick-off of the first world cup to be staged in africa .  officials of host country south africa are confident that the tournament will be a success .  a banquet in durban kicked off the countdown to the start of the showpiece on june 11 .  south africa 's deputy president insists the nation is ready to welcome the soccer worl .
 chris brown renews 'friendship ' with rihanna <sec> chris brown announces breakup with girlfriend karrueche tran .  `` i do n't want to see her hurt over my friendship with rihanna , '' brown says .  talk of a rihanna-brown reunion was fueled when she kissed , hugged him at the mtv vmas .  brown remains on probation for assaulting rihanna in 200 .
 from cafe to carpet shop , iranians express hope about new president <sec> throughout the capital , iranians sense a new future in the air .  'it 's not like i 've seen anything , but i feel it , ' one retiree says .  the new president 's outreach to western countries resonates .  optimists express themselves at a cnn open microphone in tehran , but so do pessimist .
 how 'that 's the way it is ' became cronkite 's tag line <sec> legendary anchorman butted heads with cbs executives , producer says .  `` that 's the way it is '' was born after boss hated cronkite 's first sign-off .  anchor did n't like mixing news with opinion or commercial interests .  he did n't even want to promote stories coming the next day , producer say .
