 mexico to summon u.s. ambassador over spying allegations <sec> mexico calls reported u.s. spying an abuse of trust .  mexico 's foreign minister demands swift investigation .  his comments follow der spiegel report on fresh allegations of u.s. spying .  it 's the latest sign of international fallout over documents leaked by edward snowde .
 aoptix launches first biometric scanning tool for iphone <sec> california tech company launches biometric app and scanning tool for iphone .  the aoptix stratus is packed with technology which can scan face , iris , fingerprint and voice . .  developers hope police , border agencies and airport customs authorities could all benefit from the technolog .
 google bets on the connected future with nest <sec> google is purchasing smart-thermostat company nest for $ 3.2 billion in cash .  this is google 's first major entry into the connected home market .  smart homes , phones , cars and glasses could all work together for a google-powered lif .
 two kentucky men plead not guilty in alleged gay hate crime beating <sec> david jason jenkins and anthony ray jenkins are accused of beating a gay man .  the case marks the first use of a sexual orientation provision of the shepard-byrd law .  the defendants , who are cousins , plead not guilt .
 russia foils 2014 winter olympics terror plot , state media reports <sec> three men were arrested this week on suspicion of plotting the attack , state media says .  police seize weapons , including anti-tank missiles , state media reports .  the russian resort city of sochi will host the winter olympics in 201 .
 falkland islands : penguins , tea and tensions <sec> the falkland islands , or las malvinas , are the source of a long-running dispute between the uk and argentina .  most residents on the british protectorate are loyal to the uk despite their proximity to argentina .  life in the capital is reminiscent of an english village -- red telephone boxes , warm beer , and fish and chips -- with penguins .  as international tensions simmer , locals are analyzing every word coming from argentina 's presiden .
 legalizing weed : the uruguayan model <sec> uruguay is close to legalizing and regulating marijuana .  if the bill becomes law , it will allow the production and sale of weed .  the proposal is specific for uruguay , but the model will be of interest to other countries .  the government is pushing for the bill , which polls show the public is agains .
 lgbt people in rural areas struggle for health care <sec> a 2014 study finds lgbt residents in rural parts of nebraska have lower rates of health insurance coverage .  people who wait to seek care , worried they wo n't find an lgbt-friendly doctor , can face serious medical consequence .
 life imitates art as gunmen attack crew of afghan war movie <sec> four pakistani crew members shot during filming of `` kandahar break '' .  despite difficulties , director david whitney says it was a great film location .  star of `` the hurt locker '' says filming was similar to being in the militar .
 federer to miss rogers cup <sec> roger federer pulls out of the rogers cup three weeks before the u.s. open starts .  federer has been suffering from a back injury and almost pulled out of a tournament last week .  the u.s. open marks federer 's last chance to win a grand slam tournament in 2013 .  as federer skips the rogers cup , rafael nadal is set to make his return in montrea .
 u.s. set for fracking bonanza , says historian ferguson <sec> historian niall ferguson says america could be set for a new economic boom .  says production of natural gas and oil from shale formations will have enormous implications .  international energy agency : u.s. to pass saudi arabia as world 's biggest oil producer by end of decade .  iea says this could put washington near energy independence within 20 year .
 watergate figure , christian leader chuck colson dies <sec> rick santorum , mitt romney and evangelical leaders pay tribute .  chuck colson dies at 80 , weeks after suffering a brain hemorrhage .  colson was the first nixon aide convicted in connection with the watergate scandal .  he later reinvented himself as an evangelical leade .
 another child dies after mexico day care fire <sec> new : three officials from supervisory agency dismissed .  death toll in mexico day care center fire rises to 45 , officials say .  fire tore through building in sonora state on june 5 .  fire started in air-conditioning unit in adjacent warehouse , officials sa .
 the world 's most dangerous hobby ? the silent heroes of the f1 circus <sec> f1 returns at the british grand prix on 30 june following the death of a marshal in montreal .  marshals are unpaid volunteers who give up their free time to ensure driver and crowd safety .  there will be close to 1200 marshals at the british race at silverstone .  motor races could not be held without marshal .
 valverde puts contador under pressure in paris-nice <sec> spain 's xavier tondo claims sixth stage of the paris-nice cycling classic .  alejandro valverde finishes second to claim six-second time bonus .  valverde trails race leader alberto contador by 14 seconds going into last da .
 2 arrested in child porn cases after request for public 's help <sec> new : a second suspect is arrested .  new : the man is arrested in tucson .  it was the result of tips from the public , officials say .  immigration agency 's `` operation sunflower '' identifies 123 child victims of pornography , abus .
 brazil president : 'my nightmares never got so bad ' <sec> brazilian president tells cnn she never imagined severity of defeat against germany .  brazil lost to germany 7-1 in world cup semi-final on wednesday .  brazil proved itself in another way by putting on first class world cup , says presiden .
 same-sex marriage advocate backs republican in oregon <sec> republican monica wehby is running for the u.s. senate in oregon .  she was endorsed by a prominent gay rights activist .  the activist and wehby are featured in a new campaign .  experts say it was a bold move for a republican running for senat .
 lawyer prepares insanity defense for incest captor <sec> new : lawyer of austrian incest suspect says his client has a mental disorder .  fritzl imprisoned and raped daughter , also fathered her children , police say .  wife of josef fritzl was too scared to question him , her sister says .  fritzl 's wife focused on keeping family healthy , according to her siste .
 obama hits a foul by honoring cesar chavez <sec> today , president obama goes to opening of cesar e. chavez national monument .  chavez was a labor leader who worked for california migrant farmworkers ' rights .  ruben navarrette : this is a political ploy to bolster support from latino voters .  navarrette : chavez is irrelevant today and his union has ugly history in deportatio .
 fire ravages dukezong , ancient tibetan town in china 's shangri-la <sec> ancient town popular with tourists ravaged by fire .  two-thirds of town was destroyed , but no casualties were reported .  the town , dukezong , is known for its well-preserved tibetan dwellings .  fire has also sparked concerns over commercial development in ancient town .
 nurse may have had ebola symptoms longer than thought <sec> new : nina pham , a texas nurse with ebola , arrives in maryland for treatment .  new : frontier is notifying up to 800 from multiple flights for possible exposure .  new : amber vinson 's uncle : she was n't sick until tuesday , is now `` feeling ok '' .  an official counters , saying vinson felt fatigue , muscle ache , malaise in ohi .
 banksy 's latest starts online bidding war , minimum bid of $ 74,000 <sec> banksy is british graffiti artist working in new york this month .  a painting of his appeared at a thrift shop on tuesday morning .  painting is being auctioned ; bidding was at $ 157,200 tuesday nigh .
 18 killed in dual bomb attack in karachi <sec> two bomb blasts kill at least 18 in karachi ; motorcycles used in both attacks .  12 killed in the first explosion which targeted shiite religious observers on a bus .  6 killed in second attack which occurred outside a hospital treating victims of first blast .  attacks came during the shiite observance of arbaee .
 rand paul : 'i do n't want to create panic ' over ebola <sec> rand paul says he thinks ebola can be found in cough particles . .  the kentucky senator and ophthalmologist says he does n't want to `` create panic '' . .  he wants to suspend flights from certain west african countries .
 how to wait in an iphone 5 line <sec> people will stand in iphone 5 lines for you , for a price .  the going rate on taskrabbit is $ 40 to $ 150 for a line stander .  the iphone 5 goes on sale at stores in nine countries on frida .
 jews dismiss f1 boss 's apology for praising hitler <sec> f1 chief bernie ecclestone apologizes for praising nazi dictator adolf hitler .  billionaire had spoken of hitler 's ability to `` get things done '' .  jewish groups dismiss as inadequate ecclestone 's apolog .
 why abused women stay in bad relationships <sec> leslie steiner : victims of domestic violence just want the abuse to end for good .  steiner : when victims leave an abusive relationship , the first thing they need is shelter .  she says the second most common request is legal advice and representation .  steiner : all lawyers should consider giving pro bono assistance to help victim .
 risks , opportunities of north waziristan exodus <sec> hundreds of thousands of people are fleeing north waziristan .  rumi : government has been slow to act to avert humanitarian crisis .  army launched strikes in retaliation for pakistan taliban attack on airport .  civilians caught in the crackdown are crowding nearby town of bann .
 puppies ? it must be super bowl week <sec> the super bowl and puppies ! .  what more is there to say ? .  godaddy , budweiser and uber find value in puppy marketing .  godaddy has already pulled a puppy-themed ad after a backlas .
 samuel l. jackson : films to fairways <sec> hollywood star samuel l. jackson plays golf as a hobby and to raise funds for charity .  the 64-year-old played with tiger woods at the st. andrew 's course in scotland .  augusta national , home of the masters , is jackson 's favorite golf course .  jackson has a clause in his film contracts which gives him time off to play gol .
 'pay up or die ' : thousands of australians receive death threat text message <sec> the message asks for $ 5,000 or promises death .  `` do not respond , '' police say , delete the message .  similar scams have been traced to west afric .
 no sanctuary for syria 's female refugees <sec> syria refugee crisis has led to growing phenomenon : marriages for protection .  various stories of sexual harassment and rape in one camp in jordan .  families unable to safeguard daughters marry them off to protect them .  syria 's neighbours like jordan ca n't handle the influx of refuge .
 appeals court says cross on federal land is unconstitutional <sec> a cross has been atop san diego 's mount soledad since 1913 .  supporters of the cross say it is the centerpiece of a war memorial .  the appeals court saw no evidence of a war memorial until after lawsuits were file .
 man charged in border agent 's death extradited <sec> border patrol agent brian terry was killed in 2010 .  weapons from the botched `` fast and furious '' operation were found at the scene .  one of men charged in the killing has extradited to the united states from mexic .
 dental crisis could create 'state of decay ' <sec> only about 2 % of older adults have dental insurance .  emergency room visits due to dental problems more than doubled in the past decade .  obamacare , medicare do not cover dental care for adult .
 report : jaguar land rover to receive tata cash boost <sec> tata bought the british-based luxury car maker earlier this year .  uk government also pondering a public-funded bailout of the company .  jlr employs around 15,000 workers in britai .
 lawsuit details alleged abuse that led to drum major 's death <sec> suit is filed against famu , bus company , driver of bus where hazing happened .  `` it 's an american problem , '' says champion family lawyer about drum major 's hazing death .  `` we still feel that robert champion was murdered , '' he say .
 police : mom told us pregnant marine is a 'compulsive liar ' <sec> cops : marine 's mother says daughter has history of being `` compulsive liar '' .  documents raise possibility marine left willingly .  missing marine was assaulted by superior officer , mother told police .  maria lauterbach , 20 , was eight months pregnant when she went missin .
 clashes in argentina park highlight immigration debate <sec> a government census says more than 1,600 families are in the park .  many of them are illegal immigrants , argentina 's security minister says .  one squatter says they will not leave the park until they get homes .  the mayor of buenos aires says the conflict stemmed from `` uncontrolled immigration .
 u.s. routes announced for 'sports car in the sky ' <sec> united airlines announces first domestic dreamliner routes .  boeing 787 dreamliner offers state-of-the-art technology , design .  passenger comforts include bigger windows , larger cabin storage .  houston , chicago , cleveland , washington , san francisco , los angeles among route .
 australian admits 'surfing ' on dead whale was bad idea <sec> harrison williams , 26 , climbs on whale carcass surrounded by sharks .  `` one of my mates thought it 'd be pretty funny , '' he tells local broadcaster .  but now he acknowledges now that he 's lucky to be alive .  `` mum thinks i 'm an idiot , dad 's not too proud either , '' he say .
 commentary : a fat tax is a healthy idea <sec> rudy ruiz : america 's obesity epidemic costs the nation billions .  he says taxing unhealthy food is one way to combat spread of obesity .  he says government subsidies make unhealthy food more affordable .  ruiz : a study predicts 75 percent of americans will be overweight by 201 .
 kurdish lawmakers resign en masse from turkish parliament <sec> new : kurdish lawmakers say they 'll resign seats , days after court banned their party .  new : struggle may leave many voters without representation , european commission says .  turkey 's highest court banned dtp last week , calling it `` focal point for terrorism '' .  police , kurdish protesters , and turkish nationalists have clashed in streets recentl .
 5 killed in attack in pakistan <sec> new : the pakistani taliban claims responsibility for the blast .  the explosion happened outside a political rally .  the secular awami national party is often targeted by the taliban .  the party is part of the governing coalition led by gilani 's pakistan peoples part .
 navy owes $ 1.5 million for damage to reef , philippines says <sec> new survey shows grounded minesweeper did less damage than originally thought .  minesweeper ran aground on tubbahata reef on january 17 .  ship 's commander , three others relieved of duty , u.s. navy say .
 osama bin laden hunt : was torture key ? ( opinion ) <sec> did coercive interrogation yield evidence pointing to bin laden ? .  peter bergen says the senate torture report finds that other forms of investigation were key .  coercive interrogation actually yielded incorrect information , the report say .
 beach boys ' good vibrations = summer <sec> bob greene says it 's been nearly 50 years since beach boys started singing and touring .  he says their songs are american classics and still have resonance .  greene : `` they are america 's enduring soundtrack of summer .
 marine at 'toys for tots ' drive stabbed by theft suspect <sec> marine reservist stabbed while trying to stop suspect , authorities say .  cpl . .  phillip duggan released from hospital .  marines were conducting `` toys for tots '' driv .
 police in virginia , michigan suspect link in stabbing attacks <sec> new : police in ohio say a recent attack in their state could also be linked .  authorities say victims ' description of the suspect and his vehicle are similar .  the same individual is believed responsible for 15 attacks in michigan .  the attacks began may 24 in the flint are .
 free online news era on its way out <sec> howard kurtz : washington post , other news outlets , may soon charge for online access .  he says news organizations erred in giving news away free for so long to keep up .  he says post needs revenue but digital ads don ' t bring as much as those from print circulation .  kurtz : news organizations ' cuts have diminished newsgathering -- it 's time to pay for journalis .
 nasa : apollo engines found by amazon ceo belong to space agency <sec> amazon.com founder jeff bezos says he 's found engines used to power apollo 11 .  they are on the atlantic ocean floor , at 14,000 feet , in unknown condition , he says .  nasa chief says the space agency has `` ownership of any artifacts recovered .
 mobile users more vulnerable to e-mail phishing scams <sec> epsilon , the largest permissions-based e-mail marketing company , was hacked .  mobile users are more at risk of falling prey to phishing scams , according to a security firm .  users should be skeptical of e-mails from companies they do business wit .
 4 debunking obamacare myths : both sides get it wrong <sec> after more than three years of obamacare , myths about the reforms persist .  for some , you ca n't keep your plan even if you like it .  not everyone will pay more because of obamacare .  a broken website does n't mean all is lost -- ye .
 three plead 'not guilty ' in anna nicole smith case <sec> smith 's boyfriend howard stern , two doctors charged with providing drugs .  smith died from accidental overdose of prescription drugs in 2007 .  the three face felony charges relating to furnishing drugs , faking presciptions .  stern defense lawyer calls charges baseles .
 hr manager beaten to death by angry workers <sec> roy george was vice-president for human resources at pricol auto-parts company .  police : four to five workers barged into his office and beat him with iron rods .  police have arrested nine people and are expected to round up mor .
 suspected militants destroy bridge in pakistan <sec> suspected taliban militants blown up a bridge in pakistan 's khyber agency region .  khyber agency is in border region between afghanistan and pakistan .  nato supply lines suspended ; no deaths or injuries were immediately reported .  at least 35 suspected militants killed as part of operations in the swat valle .
 the renaissance of russian football <sec> recent uefa cup successes mark a `` new era '' for russian football .  when the soviet union broke up , russian clubs faced a funding crisis .  oligarchs now back many russian teams , bringing money into the game .  andrei arshavin and roman pavlyuchenko are russia 's newest star .
 was isis leader abu bakr al-baghdadi hit in airstrikes ? <sec> new : u.s. official : iraqi forces targeted isis leader in airstrike .  iraq 's defense minister and the interior ministry say abu bakr al-baghdadi was injured .  the iraqi prime minister 's office ca n't confirm , and analysts are skeptical about the claims .  u.s says coalition airstrikes targeted a convoy in mosul , but it 's not clear if al-baghdadi was hi .
 time for premier league to give youth a chance , says hargreaves <sec> owen hargreaves says english football need to give young players opportunities .  hargreaves highlights success of bundesliga clubs and german national team .  believes they can extend their domination in the near future .  hargreaves played for bayern munich , manchester united and englan .
 paris airshow 2013 : drone doubles on the rise <sec> aviation manufacturers are turning older aircraft into drones .  an agricultural crop-duster can be transformed into an airborne surveillance machine .  it takes just four hours to switch the centaur aircraft from a plane into a uav .  a new breed of `` transformers '' could change the whole industr .
 ex-judges , attorneys oppose government in prosecutorial misconduct case <sec> prosecutorial misconduct case involving miami doctor appealed to u.s. supreme court .  a group of former judges and prosecutors side with the doctor .  the u.s. justice department supports an appeals court ruling throwing out the doctor 's case .  a federal judge awarded the doctor almost $ 602,000 in the misconduct cas .
 u.s. sailor held over killing of japanese man <sec> japanese police arrest u.s. sailor for allegedly killing a japanese taxi driver .  u.s. navy presence in japan has been marred by reports of rape and crime .  in 2006 , u.s. civilian military staffer jailed for nine years for raping two wome .
 supreme court possibilities if romney wins election <sec> the republican nominee has not specified publicly on favorites for the court .  many names are relatively young judges appointed by george w. bush . .  seven potential candidates are appeals court judge .
