 lawsuit targets 'rip-off ' of 'catcher in the rye ' <sec> lawsuit seeks halt to `` 60 years later : coming through the rye '' .  j.d . .  salinger says `` sequel '' infringes on copyright of his classic novel .  new author says he 's former gravedigger , discovered `` catcher '' in cambodia .  court hearing scheduled for monday in new yor .
 abc 's amy robach discovers breast cancer after on-air mammogram <sec> robach will have a bilateral mastectomy after breast cancer diagnosis .  she had never had a mammogram before the one she had on air on october 1 .  robach says colleague robin roberts urged her to get the tes .
 how pope francis affected cnn 's carol costello <sec> there is something about pope francis that 's reawakened her faith , say cnn 's carol costello .  meeting cardinal gerald lacroix of quebec showed how the pope is putting people in place to carry out his new vision , costello write .
 do n't pigeonhole us , say saudi women artists <sec> critics expect our work to address women 's rights , says reem al faisal .  having women judges is more important than driving , she adds .  people stereotype us as saudi women , says artist lulwah al-homou .
 senate holds 12-second session to block bush <sec> senate holding `` pro forma '' sessions to block recess appointments .  democrats , president bush disagree over justice department appointment .  only one senator needed to keep senate in sessio .
 what i told my kid about ferguson ( opinion ) <sec> david wall rice : i 've taught and consoled students over police killings .  academic year started with killings of michael brown , eric garner , he says .  he adds : semester ends with decision that these were somehow lega .
 $ 5 gas , 50-cent postage stamps ? <sec> in 1950 , a gallon of gas was about 27 cents ; until 1958 , a first-class stamp was 3 cents .  some experts are predicting that gas price will hit the unprecedented $ 5 mark soon .  bob greene : we seem to inch closer to an invisible symbolic line with that possibility .  greene : do n't be surprised if gas and stamp prices hit those number .
 how the euro became a broken dream <sec> the treaty of maastricht which enabled the euro 's creation was signed in 1992 .  the euro was available as cash by 2001 .  it is used over the eurozone 's 17 countries .  but it is under pressure due to the eurozone 's debt crisi .
 pakistanis fleeing north waziristan demand answers <sec> hundreds queue in stifling heat for food after fleeing north waziristan .  families fled after pakistani military launched offensive against militants .  government has been criticized for imposing curfew , not warning locals to leave .  strong army presence overseeing crowded world food program distribution point .
 obama , joint chiefs discuss afghanistan <sec> obama meets with national security advisers on afghanistan .  obama weighing whether to send additional troops to war zone .  army , marine corps say increase will affect promised time off for troops .  meeting comes amid rise in u.s. troop casualties , political turmoi .
 donors help florida animal shelter prep for oil <sec> florida group gets cash , labor and supplies .  group leader : livelihoods depend on taking care of wildlife .  shelter nurses injured and sick wildlife back to health so that they can be returned to the wil .
 jordan 's executions of jihadists could backfire <sec> jordan 's execution of two jihadists will strengthen link between isis and al qaeda , says lina khatib .  khatib : shift of allegiance in southern syria could mean jordan has isis on its doorstep overnight .  move will drag members of anti-isis coalition into open-ended confrontation , she add .
 cristiano ronaldo criticizes sepp blatter for 'disrespectful ' behavior <sec> sepp blatter apologizes after impersonating cristiano ronaldo at a student address .  fifa president had been asked to choose between ronaldo and his rival lionel messi .  ronaldo 's club real madrid protests and questions blatter 's impartiality ahead of awards .  messi and ronaldo among 23 candidates for fifa 's 2013 ballon d'or world player of yea .
 search to resume for air france 447 <sec> the flight crashed june 1 , 2009 in the atlantic ocean .  all 228 people aboard were killed .  investigators still do n't know what caused the cras .
 this week on marketplace middle east <sec> saudi arabia is watching the ongoing tensions with iran closely .  ali al-naimi , the saudi arabian minister of oil on how the kingdom will react to sanctions .  plus , how middle eastern leaders are promoting green energ .
 zimbabwe 's children 'wasting away ' - aid group <sec> some zimbabwean children `` wasting away '' amid food shortage , aid group says .  severe malnutrition cases rise two-thirds in year , save the children warns .  almost half of 12 million zimbabweans need food aid now , report says .  country facing worst economic , humanitarian crisis since independence in 198 .
 how $ 50 billion can be found in fishing -- if the world does it better <sec> a new report backed by prince charles says fisheries could bring $ 50 billion .  the aim is to bring in businesses and transform the way the conservation efforts are funded .  prince charles : `` economy and ecology do not have to be locked into an irreconcilable struggle .
 next for casey anthony : freedom , book deals , analysts say <sec> new : lyon : the prosecution overreached .  legal experts say casey anthony could go free thursday .  a jury acquits anthony of murder charges .  `` why ca n't she make money off of her story ? .  why ca n't casey do it ? '' .  a legal expert say .
 floods kill 37 in beijing <sec> the flooding stemmed from torrential rains , chinese state media says .  22 bodies have been identified , it says .  most victims died by drowning , but also from housing collapses and electrocutio .
 end the unfair tax break for homeowners <sec> dorothy brown : it 's unusual to get a tax break for a personal choice such as buying a home .  renting is not deductible , she says , even though about one-third of americans are renters .  brown : tax break meant to `` encourage homeownership , '' but people buy homes anyway .  tax break is a $ 200 billion subsidy every year for those with higher incomes , she say .
 carmen carrera : america 's next supermodel ? <sec> transgender model carmen carrera recently shot a spread for glamour magazine uk .  fans petitioned for carrera to be victoria 's secret 's first transgender angel .  carrera wants to be labeled as a model , not just a trans mode .
 photos show arrest in global pedophile hunt <sec> u.s. federal agents detain pedophile suspect sought in global hunt .  interpol believe that he worked as a santa claus in new york .  new : suspect wayne nelson corliss , appears in court ; no plea entered .  new : prosecutor tells court he admits abusing boys age 6 to 10 in thailan .
 malaysia airlines flight 370 : four scenarios <sec> new : china : a satellite has `` observed a suspected crash area at sea '' .  a malaysian military official 's revelation sets off a fresh wave of speculation .  'baffled ' experts speculate on what happened to missing airliner .  did the plane ditch on the water and then sink .
 do n't pull plug on the long-term unemployed <sec> unemployment insurance is set to expire for the long-term unemployed .  christine owens : unemployment rate is so high , we can not leave the hardest-hit behind .  she says if measure of a nation is how it treats its unfortunate , we 're looking into abyss .  owens : congress ca n't allow what 's left of unemployment insurance to expir .
 fbi executes search warrants in probe of pro-wikileaks cyber attacks <sec> the alleged attackers are part of a group that calls itself `` anonymous , '' the fbi says .  source : the attacks were allegedly carried about by active supporters of wikileaks .  the group makes tools available online to flood websites with traffic , the fbi allege .
 u.s. , uk pulls embassy staffers out of yemen <sec> the troubled middle eastern nation has been without clear leadership .  the u.s. is worried about possible terrorist attacks on american .
 opinion : to change society , first change minds <sec> molly melching says there were signs of inadequate health care when she moved to senegal .  she says real breakthroughs came when villagers were part of the process of change .  by talking about human rights , people were drawn into the cause , melching says .  solutions ca n't be imposed from top down ; people must discover them for themselves , she say .
 kenyans mboya , nyaga win cnn multichoice african journalist award <sec> in addition to winning top prize , mboya , nyaga win television features award .  their story was about a little-known african tribe in india .  slain nigerian journalists akogwu , isa also honored .  cnn , multichoice host awards in lusaka , zambi .
 sources : taliban leader vows revenge for drone attacks <sec> hakimullah mehsud met reporters sunday in south waziristan .  mehsud also vowed to avenge recent death of taliban leader baitullah mehsud .  u.s. the only country known to have ability to launch missiles from drone .
 indian police raid 'hideouts ' in search for american woman 's attackers <sec> new : police arrest three men , but woman says they were not her attackers .  police stage raids in search for american woman 's attackers .  the woman has n't been able to provide many clues about men who raped her , police say .  she 's at her hotel under protection of a police officer , official say .
 dutch arrest 12 on suspicion of terrorism <sec> new : dutch intelligence report said more citizens wanted to join al-shabaab .  12 men of somali origin arrested in rotterdam .  they are in custody on suspicion of terrorism .  no weapons or explosives were foun .
 24 hours in lagos : the city that never sleeps <sec> lagos is a vibrant , exuberant city that never sleeps .  you can shop for african fabrics at the local markets , just be prepared to haggle ! .  party at the shrine nightclub , home of legendary afrobeat musician fela kut .
 murder case brings 'foxy knoxy ' infamy in italy <sec> murder trial makes american student notorious in italy .  amanda knox , 21 , is accused with former boyfriend , raffaele sollecito .  british student meredith kercher found dead in house shared with knox .  italian media portrays knox as seductive femme fatal .
 inspiring young girls to define success on their own terms <sec> i'mpossible is a social enterprise aiming to inspire young girls of color by promoting role models .  they have hosted platforms with leading ethnic minority professional women .  i'mpossible teamed up with diane abbott 's black women mean business initiative for an event at the house of commons .  earnst & young study found that lack of role models forms one of the top barriers to female success at wor .
 proposal to block harsh online criticism of leaders sparks anger in india <sec> india 's top telecommunications official wants service providers to screen comments .  many indians are outraged by the proposal , calling it censorship .  an analyst says the government may have been spooked by social-media generated protests .  the analyst calls the proposal `` extremely worrying .
 2 deaths reported as cyclone evan rips through samoan islands <sec> new : tropical cyclone evan is lashing samoa and american samoa .  deadly storm is the equivalent of a category 3 hurricane .  evan is headed toward fij .
 drone that crashed in iran was on cia recon mission , officials say <sec> new : guidance system failed , u.s. official said .  iran claimed to have shot down the drone .  the rq-170 sentinel drone crashed in iranian territory .  the unmanned aircraft was part of a cia reconnaissance missio .
 opinion : we need transparency on domestic surveillance <sec> al franken : americans do n't know scope of surveillance and which authority oks it .  franken : we need a balance between protecting u.s. from terror and protecting privacy .  we ca n't know if civil liberties are safe if all about surveillance is secret , he says .  franken : we need to know who , when and how , to judge if surveillance crosses a lin .
 death toll from new sars-like virus climbs to 9 <sec> so far , there have been 15 confirmed cases .  the virus can potentially lead to kidney failure .  doctor says it is `` very difficult to acquire '' .  who has not recommended travel or trade restriction .
 mind over matter : soccer 's bid to train the brain <sec> research shows that soccer 's best players have brains that are better attuned to the game .  british university finds better players have ability to suppress urge to act instinctively .  study suggests better brain training in younger players could aid their development .  coach jose mourinho has investigated methods of brain-centered learnin .
 fbi arrests reputed mobsters on charges straight out of 'goodfellas ' <sec> new : four of five defendants plead not guilty .  grand jury indictment charges murder , other crimes including 1978 lufthansa heist .  five alleged mobsters were arrested thursday .  among them is vincent asaro , reputed member of the bonanno organized crime famil .
 boston university : 3 students die while on new zealand sightseeing trip <sec> a van crashes on north island in new zealand .  students were on a weekend trip to see where `` the lord of the rings '' movies were filmed .  three were killed and five injured in the crash , the university say .
 france : mosques targeted in anti-islam backlash <sec> a group reports more than 50 anti-muslim incidents , including shootings , threats .  french muslims call for authorities to act as mosques are attacked with shots , graffiti .  leading muslim cleric urges calm ahead of publication of new charlie hebdo issu .
 shoppers or smugglers ? china crackdown on 'daigou ' boom <sec> personal shoppers helping chinese get luxury goods for less .  often students studying abroad , they can earn thousands of dollars a month .  luxury items cost 30 % to 40 % more in china than u.s. and europe .  chinese customs authorities are cracking down on the trade ; viewed as smugglin .
 countries agree cluster bomb ban <sec> 111 countries formally agreeing treaty banning cluster bombs .  u.s. not attending and not expected to agree to banning cluster bombs .  controversial weapons often do n't explode but stay dangerous for civilians .  u.n. estimates 1 million bomblets dropped in 2006 lebanon war still unexplode .
 gunfire to gridiron : zoltan mesko 's super bowl story <sec> zoltan mesko is the romania-born punter for the new england patriots .  he was born under the communist regime of former head of state nicolae ceausescu .  the 25-year-old moved to the u.s. at the age of 11 , unable to speak english .  mesko says he and his family are `` proud americans now .
 5 friends you do n't need in your life <sec> your friends are people you want with you in good times and bad .  the critic and nurse betty friends will like you when you feel bad .  the drama queen and lady-hater will never let you have center stag .
 america 's best small towns , according to fodor 's <sec> fodor 's favorite small towns have fewer than 30,000 residents .  one small town can be seen in the movie `` forrest gump '' .  one baseball hall of fame town has a lot more than baseball going o .
 'sex and the city ' creator moves to 'one fifth avenue ' <sec> candace bushnell has a new book , `` one fifth avenue '' .  it 's story of the scramble for a penthouse apartment owned by a high-society queen .  bushnell says she often knows her characters better than any real person .  books `` have to say something about contemporary life , '' she say .
 woman buried in snow for 3 days found alive <sec> donna molnar went missing after she left her home to go grocery shopping .  housewife had been buried in snow for 72 hours when a rescue dog found her .  she 's in serious condition , being treated for hypothermia , severe frostbite .  dog , who had been rescued himself , will be rewarded with a t-bone stea .
 experts : some foreclosed homes too damaged to sell <sec> many foreclosed homes are so damaged , they probably wo n't be sold , some say .  researcher : one-third of foreclosed homes too damaged for standard financing .  many of the houses are `` eventually going to be bulldozed , '' researcher says .  mortgage bankers association says it has no hard evidence of such a tren .
 prosecutor proposes jail time for parents who miss teacher conferences <sec> parents of some children in detroit schools could be sent to jail for three days .  prosecutor kym worthy presented the proposal to the detroit city council .  the proposal has met with mixed response .
 messi and ronaldo net trebles as barca and real bounce back <sec> barcelona move up to second in spain with 5-0 win at home to atletico madrid .  lionel messi scores a hat-trick to take his tally to eight league goals this season .  cristiano ronaldo also nets treble as 10-man real madrid triumph 6-2 .  sevilla claim third place above real with 1-0 victory over valenci .
 meteor shower approaches in time for holiday weekend <sec> camelopardalids will be visible friday night into saturday morning .  it 's the first new meteor shower in a generation , meteorologist says .  clouds could impede viewing in the plains and pacific northwes .
 occupy boston activist 's twitter info subpoenaed <sec> massachusetts prosecutors seeking twitter records of occupy activist .  aclu calls it a violation of the first amendment .  in private hearing , judge impounds all documents pertaining to the case .  prosecution spokesman says he can not commen .
 spokesman for cpa says texas crash pilot never threatened him <sec> cpa met andrew joseph `` joe '' stack iii only four times , spokesman says .  the online message criticized bill ross for `` representing himself and not me '' .  ross had not heard from stack since october , when his client `` disengaged '' services in a letter .  one of the injured , shane hill , announced his hospital release saturday : `` i am very grateful .
 5 wacky things from glee 's naya rivera <sec> naya rivera thinks that white folks shower too much , she said on `` the view '' .  the glee actress has dished on many interesting subjects .  another tricky topic : kim kardashian , nudity and motherhoo .
 allegations of preschool oral sex shock parents <sec> lawsuit filed against california church 's preschool alleges oral sex among kids .  children may not have fully understood what they were doing , experts say .  preschool says it will close friday due to director 's resignation for personal reason .
 isis beheading u.s. journalist james foley , posts video <sec> `` he gave his life '' to expose the suffering of the syrian people , foley 's mother says .  cpj estimates 20 journalists are missing in syria .  the video also appears to show missing journalist steven sotloff .  james foley was last seen in syria on november 22 , 201 .
 recycling waste is n't a waste of time for surfboard form maker <sec> joey santley and steve cox sweep up polyurethene dust , make surfboard blanks .  blanks are board-shaped foam cutouts that are finished at surfboard manufacturers .  about 40 percent of each surfboard blank winds up in the dump , santley estimates .  professional surfer says boards made with green foam just as good as other .
 european cities ' sewer water exposes use of cocaine , cannabis , meth and ecstasy <sec> researchers tested sewer water for drug excretions in 42 european cities .  notorious party capitals turned up high levels of drug use , particularly in the netherlands .  certain drugs appear to be popular in some cities and not in others .  high traces of cocaine turned up in amsterdam , antwerp , london and zuric .
 hong kong tycoon : offer to suitors of lesbian daughter off the table <sec> cecil chao says the money he offered `` stays in my pocket '' .  in 2012 , he offered a huge dowry to any man who married her .  she urged him this week to treat her longtime female partner as a normal `` human being '' .  but he says he has `` no intention of mixing my life with her life .
 how a cow could kill you : new antibiotic guidelines still fail to protect public <sec> superbugs in farm animals have become resistant to many antibiotics .  slaughter : new fda voluntary guidelines on antibiotic use are n't strong enough .  slaughter : industry has a giant loophole to allow us .
 jose mourinho : pepe comments sparked by frustration <sec> real madrid coach jose mourinho says pepe 's criticism of him borne out of frustration .  portuguese defender has lost his place in real madrid side to youngster rafael varane .  mourinho tells reporters : `` pepe 's problem is easy to analyze . .  his name is varane . '' .  chelsea coach rafa benitez hints mourinho will take over from him shortl .
