 opinion : terror threat from gitmo prisoners is exaggerated <sec> peter bergen : washington talks of guantanamo prisoners as major threat .  he says small number of released gitmo prisoners have returned to 'battlefield ' .  many prisoners are now engaged in a hunger strike , bergen says .  bergen : indefinite detention without charge is a tool of dictatorship , not democrac .
 ntsb : sleep disorder may have contributed to boston train crash <sec> obesity , evidence that operator was taking sleep aid leads to conjecture .  transportation board criticized for failing to screen for sleep disorders .  board also notes lack of systems to prevent trains from using same stretch of trac .
 u.s.-libya talks were one-time event , washington says <sec> u.s. officials told libya that gadhafi `` must go , '' an american official says .  a libyan government spokesman calls the talks `` a first step '' .  there are no details and no comment from washington on the report .  libyan rebels have denied previous reports of talks with the governmen .
 virtual screens replace greens <sec> most of the 260 golf courses in south korea are expensive and oversubscribed .  many players in the country enjoy virtual golf as a more accessible alternative .  seven out of every 10 golf simulators sold globally are installed in south korea .  virtual golf can be a useful tool to hone technique on actual golf course .
 can you be pro-life and pro-death penalty ? <sec> carol costello : can you be pro-life and pro-death penalty at the same time ? .  she says one oklahoma state representative is ok with executions but strongly pro-life .  catholic church has `` consistent ethic of life , '' opposing abortion and the death penalty .  costello : only a small minority of americans are consistent on the two issue .
 blast in kabul kills 7 , injures dozens <sec> new : at least 7 people killed , 90 hurt from blast in afghanistan 's capital .  explosion took place near nato headquarters , u.s. embassy .  taliban claims responsibility for explosion .  blast takes place just five days before presidential election .
 russian military dwarfs georgia 's <sec> russia has about 641,000 in its armed forces ; georgia has about 26,900 .  russia 's conscript forces plagued by low morale , poor management .  georgia 's military trained by u.s. since 200 .
 apparently this matters : a ghost ship with cannibal rats <sec> the lyubov orlova was built in 1976 as an arctic cruise ship for elite russian travelers .  in 2012 , the abandoned ship was accidentally lost at sea and believed to be infested with cannibal rats .  recently , media publications have warned that the ship might actually strike the coast of ireland or the u .
 opinion : reality tv the perfect prep for clay aiken 's jump to politics <sec> ex- '' apprentice '' star omarosa manigault says reality tv was good training for clay aiken .  aiken announced he is running for congress in north carolina as a democrat .  manigault : reality tv makes you appeal for mass votes and requires you to have thick ski .
 mexico plans to combat kidnappings <sec> actions are aimed at helping families like that of businessman alejandro marti .  marti 's son fernando , his chauffeur and bodyguard were killed after kidnapping .  marti told group of leaders to do better job to protect other children like his so .
 recession boosts global human trafficking , report says <sec> state department report cites higher demand for cheap goods and services .  financial crisis will push more businesses underground , it says .  six african nations put on blacklist for not doing enough to fight trafficking .  `` tier 3 '' list nations are subject to u.s. sanction .
 c-130 firefighting air tankers grounded after fatal south dakota crash <sec> new : c-130 firefighting crews `` reflect , reset and review '' after crash , a colonel says .  a military spokesman reports `` lives lost '' in a south dakota crash , but not how many .  the air force order affects 7 other c-130s equipped with firefighting equipment .  a national fire spokesman says authorities will adjust and use other tool .
 obama : i 'm 'absolutely committed ' to israel 's security <sec> in an interview with the new york times , president obama says he understands israel feels particularly vulnerable .  obama calls the nuclear deal with iran a `` once-in-a-lifetime opportunity '' .  israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu and many u.s. republicans warn that iran can not be truste .
 opinion : where is 'red line ' on rape in war ? <sec> lauren wolfe : obama says world set `` red line '' on chemical weapons that ca n't be crossed .  she asks : why does world have no such red line on abhorrent weapon of mass rape ? .  she says in syria and congo , rape is `` normalized , '' does n't draw threat of intervention .  wolfe : u.s. should rethink ties to rwanda , which backs congo militia known for atrocitie .
 how to fix our police departments <sec> two police officers were shot wednesday in ferguson .  hank johnson , michael shank : policing style needs rethin .
 # weaselpecker image goes viral on twitter <sec> a photo of a green woodpecker flying with a weasel on its back has gone viral on twitter .  the image was snapped by amateur photographer martin le-may near london .  it sparked the hashtag # weaselpecker and has spawned numerous meme .
 ohio state names urban meyer coach <sec> football coach replaces jim tressel , who resigned amid scandal in may .  he says he 's `` honored and humbled '' by the chance to lead the buckeyes .  meyer led florida to two college football national titles in six season .
 opinion : benghazi : search for truth or witch hunt ? <sec> cnn radio podcast features cnn opinion contributors on top three stories .  margaret hoover , dean obeidallah , john avlon tackle motivation for benghazi hearings .  they discuss whether cracks in gop 's monolithic thinking will help or hurt party .  they ask if gov . .  christie 's lap band surgery was for political ambition or personal healt .
 what 's behind the rise of texas ? <sec> u.s. census shows growth in southwest , with texas gaining quickly .  lone star state is gaining four seats in house , the most of any state .  he says people are coming in search of lower taxes , less regulation , cheaper housing .  growth of hispanic population is a major factor driving increase in texas , he say .
 a verdict and more : get caught up on the george zimmerman case <sec> george zimmerman was on trial for the shooting death of trayvon martin .  over the weekend , a six-person jury found him not guilty .  protesters upset with the verdict rally in chicago , new york and other cities .  president barack obama calls for `` calm reflection '' after the emotions-rousing verdic .
 commentary : 'but what 's a latino ? ' <sec> raquel cepeda : the census tries to categorize people by ethnicity , race .  she says reality is latinos have very varied , complex backgrounds .  she says many people resist being classified by simple label .
 scholes on target as man utd beat bolton <sec> paul scholes marks return to epl with a goal in 3-0 win over bolton .  tottenham miss opportunity to go joint-top of the league after 1-1 draw with wolves .  chelsea edge past sunderland ; liverpool draw at home for seventh time this season .  ten-man blackburn rovers beat fulham 3-1 to rise to 17th in tabl .
 u.s. father 's japanese custody heartache <sec> craig morrey 's wife left him to care for their disabled son , spencer , alone .  his wife has sole custody of the daughter she had shortly after .  under japanese law only one parent gets custody of a child in a divorce .  under u.s. law morrey would likely have joint custody of both childre .
 brazilian actor dies after accidental hanging in 'the passion of the christ ' play <sec> tiago klimeck , 27 , died sunday after accidentally hanging himself april 6 .  he spent more than two weeks in a medically induced coma .  klimeck was playing the role of judas iscariot , who hangs himself .  report : klimeck wore a harness under his robe ; the harness is now being analyze .
 one person still missing in arkansas flooding , governor says <sec> new : `` there could be others '' as search for flood victims goes on , governor says .  19 dead , 1 missing after arkansas flood .  debris piles hide bodies .  funerals for two victims set for tuesda .
 soul singer al goodman dies <sec> new : al goodman died during surgery monday .  he was a member of the moments and ray , goodman and brown .  the baritone sang on hits for nearly 20 year .
 iraq nominates first ambassador to kuwait since 1990 <sec> iraq has not had ambassador to kuwait since iraq invaded kuwait in 1990 .  that incursion led u.s. to launch operation desert storm , its first iraq war .  new ambassador is mohammed hussein bahr al-ulum , iraq say .
 florida teen in lockup helps save life of officer <sec> jamal rutledge was being booked , when officer franklin foulks keeled over .  the juvenile defendant yelled for help and kicked the cage to rouse other officer .
 florida crime lab chemist accused of selling stolen drug evidence <sec> joseph graves worked at a crime lab that processed evidence in cases .  authorities say he switched prescription drugs with ones that were n't and sold the stolen pills .  his bail was set at $ 290,000 .  officials are concerned this could mean some drug convictions will be overturne .
 cheerleaders prep for hours in search of 2½ minutes of perfection <sec> all-star cheerleading combines gymnastics , dance and cheerleading moves .  cheer extreme is a north carolina-based program with a winning tradition .  many girls practice 2 to 3 hours several days a week to perfect their routines .  the prestigious world championships are held each ma .
 china 's most beautiful bookshop ... in a car park <sec> voted china 's most beautiful bookshop , librairie avant-garde is in an underground car park .  the shop 's owner believes reading is a religion .  the bookshop is also a coffee shop , exhibition space and public foru .
 el salvador 's chaparrastique volcano erupts for first time in 37 years <sec> avianca announces the cancellation of 33 flights into and out of the country .  el salvador 's president says authorities do n't know if the volcano will erupt again .  chaparrastique sent a plume of gas and ash about 3 miles high , environmental ministry says .  some flights to san salvador , the capital , were redirected to other airports to avoid the as .
 north korea nears 'dangerous line , ' hagel says <sec> new : north korea `` skating very close to a dangerous line , '' pentagon chief says .  intelligence suggests north korea could be planning multiple launches , u.s. official says .  the u.s. believes test could occur without standard warning to aviation , shipping .  recent north korean threats contrast with some of its other state news report .
 study : teens on myspace mention sex , violence <sec> study : 54 percent of myspace profiles of 18-year-olds mentioned risky behaviors .  authors looked at 500 randomly chosen web profiles from u.s. teens .  many teens took down content or made profiles private after e-mail warning .  experts : parents should know what their children are doing onlin .
 the kanye god complex <sec> kanye west 's new album , `` yeezus , '' has several controversial track titles .  that includes the audacious `` i am a god '' .  his lyrics have raised debate over whether he thinks he 's a deit .
 at least 6 killed in new japan earthquake <sec> new : six people were killed and three injured in tuesday 's quake .  it was centered about 77 miles east-southeast of tokyo .  monday 's 6.6-magnitude quake triggers several landslides in iwaki .  the earlier quake prompted workers at the fukushima daiichi plant to evacuate briefl .
 australian radio show at heart of royal prank taken off air permanently <sec> the show was suspended after the december prank .  over the weekend , it is permanently taken off the air .  the nurse who routed the dj 's call later apparently committed suicide .  the djs apologize .
 opinion : give saudi women the right to drive <sec> rothna begum : saudi women to renew right-to-drive campaign this weekend .  she says women who have defied longtime ban have been arrested , fired from jobs .  she says nation has made small advances in women 's rights but they 're still oppressed .  begum : world should join `` women2drive '' campaign and denounce denial of this righ .
 youtube sensation straight no chaser becomes hit <sec> straight no chaser formed at indiana university in 1990s .  band had broken up , but posting of '98 video on youtube had huge success .  a cappella group now has record contract , hopes for bigger thing .
 opinion : has greece 's democracy regressed ? <sec> financial crisis is attacking the heart of greek democracy and sovereignty .  greek politics are increasingly dominated by extremists on both sides .  finance ministers of northern europe are curtailing the choices of a free government .  greece is now democratically regressing to pre-european community membership level .
 uk spy chief : big tech firms must help combat terrorism <sec> new chief of uk spying agency says big tech firms must cooperate in fight against terror .  gchq director robert hannigan says isis is skilled in the use of social media platforms .  they `` have become the command-and-control networks of choice for terrorists , '' he says .  in the financial times , hannigan says intelligence agencies face a huge challeng .
 cnn student news - april 11 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum 's newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 blackwater most often shoots first , congressional report says <sec> report : `` vast majority of blackwater weapons discharges are pre-emptive '' .  report is based on blackwater and state department internal documents .  sources : contractor wrote u.s. `` spot report '' on september shooting .  state department : report is `` first-blush account '' with `` no standing .
 libyan militias hand over tripoli bases to government <sec> last week , the worst violence in the capital in two years left 47 dead .  country has been awash in militias since moammar gadhafi 's overthrow .  prime minister attends a handover ceremon .
 husband of brain-dead texas woman : 'i asked god to take me instead ' <sec> marlise muñoz had been brain dead since november .  a hospital kept her body on a ventilator to preserve the fetus she carried .  her family fought that decision in court and won .  machines keeping her heart and lungs working were shut off on sunda .
 chimurenga : africa 's answer to the new yorker <sec> cameroonian ntone edjabe is the founder of the pan-african magazine chimurenga .  he 's received international recognition for his unconventional portrayal of africa .  the s.africa-based award-winning journal has more than 100 contributors .  its latest edition re-tells 2008 's xenophobic attacks in south afric .
 ireland 's west coast welcomes winter visitors <sec> dingle , ireland , called `` most beautiful place on earth '' by national geographic .  escape summer crowds by traveling to dingle peninsula during winter months .  cottage rentals are cheaper in winter , and periods are more flexible .  winter temperatures in western ireland average 46 degrees f ( 7 celsius .
 jockeying for position ahead of china 's leadership jamboree <sec> 18th congress of the 82-million-member chinese communist party chooses new leadership .  president hu jintao will step down and likely be replaced by vice president xi jinping .  political maneuvering has increased among various camps as congress nears .  two camps dominate : that of retired president jiang zemin and that of president h .
 iran : woman 's stoning sentence on hold <sec> iran has made previous , similar statements amid international outcry .  this statement indicates continued attention to her murder conviction .  the iranian foreign ministry says the sentencing for murder is 'in process .
 mine exec pleads guilty in 2010 explosion <sec> gary may pleaded guilty to hiding safety violations from inspectors .  he has agreed to cooperate with federal investigators .  the upper big branch mine blast in 2010 killed 29 workers .  may is the highest-ranking massey energy executive to face charges , prosecutor say .
 police raise reward in long island serial killer case <sec> suffolk county police are offering up to $ 25,000 for tips leading to arrest .  the new reward would be the largest in suffolk county history .  at least 10 sets of human remains have been found on long island since decembe .
 this week on marketplace middle east <sec> with the us planning a full withdrawal imminently , not all are celebrating .  in northern iraq , the kurds became victims of saddam hussein 's brutal regime .  mme talks to barham salih , prime minister of the kurdistan regional governmen .
 egypt hungry for 'food revolution ' <sec> soaring food prices are putting a strain on poor egyptian households .  economists call for drastic action to address the situation .  egypt imports about 70 % of its food from abroa .
 fifa asks for evidence of corruption as officials deny claims <sec> fifa urges english fa and sunday times newspaper to provide evidence .  six fifa executive committee members have been accused of corruption .  soccer 's governing body last year banned two top-level officials in similar scenario .  presidential candidate denies claims that qatar bribed two members for 2022 vote .
 why ray rice does n't deserve second chance ( opinion ) <sec> mark o'mara : ray rice wants a second chance after video showed him punching fiancee .  o'mara : he does n't deserve one ; domestic violence is attack on all women , ca n't be tolerated .  he says with celebrity comes responsibility ; kids must learn heroes do n't get a slid .
 afscme cuts ties with uncf over koch money ( opinion ) <sec> the united negro college fund accepted $ 25 million from koch brothers to use for scholarships .  van jones : koch brothers fund , promote policies destructive to african-americans .  union that worked with united negro college fund decided to break ties as a result .  jones agrees with union , says college fund chief going to koch retreat was wron .
 tiger woods tested by photographers at british open <sec> tiger woods returns to the scene of his last british open success .  the 2006 champion cards three-under-par 69 in opening round .  he won his third open title at hoylake after death of his father .  american followed by thousands of golf fans on thursda .
 'on china ' -- covering a nation in uncharted waters <sec> china and its so-called trade advantage has even dominated the u.s. presidential debate .  stout : 'on china ' will provide `` a deeper , intelligent look from inside the country itself '' .  monthly show will feature thought leaders and astute observers of this world power .  stout : `` there are no quick-edit sound bites . .  no populist posturing . .  no swooshes .
 chris boyd , a vanderbilt football player , indicted in rape case <sec> new : school official : chris boyd is suspended from team after `` deeply troubling '' allegations .  the standout vanderbilt wide receiver faces an accessory after the fact charge .  2 california men are charged with tampering with evidence , nashville police say .  4 ex-vanderbilt players face rape , other charges tied to june incident at school dor .
 pendleton caps golden night for gb at olympic velodrome <sec> britain win two gold medals on second night of competition in track cycling .  victoria pendleton takes women 's keirin after disappointment of team sprint .  gb men 's team pursuit squad break world record to beat australia in final .  gb women 's team pursuit squad beat their own world mark in qualifyin .
 falling european satellite burns up upon re-entry <sec> new : satellite disintegrated in the high atmosphere .  the goce satellite 's orbit has been decaying since it ran out of fuel in late october .  the satellite was launched in 2009 to map variations in earth 's gravit .
 woman suing california for her right to die at home <sec> a woman and her physicians sue california for the right to `` die with dignity '' .  christie white does n't want to have to move to another state .  the lawsuit would allow doctors `` assisting in dying '' to do so without violating la .
 eminem : i 'm starting to work on new solo record <sec> `` i 'm kinda getting into my next record a little bit , '' eminem said .  the album will be his first solo record since 2010 's `` recovery '' .  eminem also confirmed that slaughterhouse will play hot 97 's summer ja .
 protest follows killing of man in kashmir village <sec> the indian army says the man ran after being challenged .  the man 's family says he was taken out of his home by soldiers .  the district magistrate promises an investigatio .
