 dozens injured in hong kong ferry boat crash <sec> at least 85 people are injured , 6 seriously .  a high-speed ferry strikes an unknown object near sunshine island .  it is not immediately clear what caused the cras .
 are you 'normal ' in bed ? <sec> `` the normal bar '' aims to get couples talking about their sex lives .  survey shows 86 % of all men and women are intrigued by having kinky sex .  expert : it 's hard not to wonder how we match up to other couples in be .
 restorative travel to feed your soul <sec> do stress reduction workshops in the utah mountains .  try `` run from the paparazzi '' jogging sessions .  escape to mexico for a yoga and writing retreat .  design your own weekend of yoga and meditatio .
 around 300,000 people displaced inside kyrgyzstan <sec> new : nearly 1,300 chinese nationals evacuated to china .  u.n. working to help refugees in uzbekistan .  many families hosting displaced people .  at least 40,000 need shelte .
 plane crashes carrying kenya minister <sec> roads minister , assistant home affairs minister die in plane crash .  six-seater cessna crashed in western kenya ; minister 's aide and pilot also died .  new : president mwai kibaki : our country has lost leaders of immense potential .  plane was flying from nairobi to kericho , in the rift valle .
 cheeky prince harry vs dull brother wills <sec> harry is a showman , a natural performer in front of the camera and a microphone .  like his mother , diana , he is flawed and that makes him interesting .  it 's a very different story for brother prince william , second in line to the throne .  will perfectly fits bill as future king - he speaks well and conducts himself with aplom .
 n.y. school to review environmental tests in medical mystery <sec> school will review environmental tests in the area .  activist erin brockovich is looking into a 1970 train derailment .  `` conversion disorder '' causes twitching , stuttering , verbal outbursts .  mayo clinic says young females are much more likely to get conversion disorde .
 reporter accused of attacking brad pitt loses job <sec> brad pitt gets protective order against alleged attacker .  vitalii sediuk loses his tv job after cannes carpet stunt .  sediuk is already on probation for crashing the grammy 's stage .  pitt and angelina jolie were at the hollywood premiere of jolie 's movi .
 iraqi tribal leaders call on those who fled fighting to return <sec> statement released to cnn calls on government workers to return to work in falluja .  it also calls on residents who fled weekend fighting to return .  a journalist in falluja says people are moving freely through checkpoint .
 epl : chelsea punish manchester united with samuel eto'o treble <sec> chelsea defeat manchester united 3-1 with samuel eto'o hat trick .  victory edges chelsea to within two points of leaders arsenal .  chelsea manager jose mourinho wins 100 epl match in record time .  barcelona draw but hold la liga lead as paris saint-germain pull clear in franc .
 title holders rafael nadal and maria sharapova ease to last eight <sec> rafael nadal into quarterfinals of barcelona open .  defending champion beats ivan dodig 6-3 6-3 .  maria sharapova also into last eight in stuttgart .  title holder beats anastasia pavlyuchenkova in straight set .
 is gay former saudi diplomat victim of politics ? <sec> former saudi diplomat fighting battle for asylum in the united states , fears return home .  case presents a dilemma for president obama while in saudi arabia .  saudi form of islam mandates the death penalty for same-sex relations .  obama has underscored efforts to end discrimination against lgbt peopl .
 oil spill hits panhandle wallets before beaches <sec> tourism pumped about $ 1.2 billion into pensacola , florida-area economy last year .  oil spill still several miles offshore , but impact on tourism has already hit .  tourism official says `` another wave of cancellations '' this week .  hotels easing cancellation policies , asking current guests to post clean-beach photos on interne .
 opinion : ex-cnn reporter : my struggle with panic attacks <sec> sean callebs suffers from panic attacks that began after he saw an electric chair execution .  callebs : in an attack , your heart races , you hyperventilate , you think you 're about to die .  callebs had to hide his attacks while he was reporting or even sitting in the anchor chair .  he is doing much better today after seeking help and not giving in to the fea .
 flynt says he 's offered casey anthony $ 500k to pose in hustler <sec> the deal also includes 10 % of all profits , the porn entrepreneur says .  he says talks are ongoing with people close to anthony , who was acquitted of murder .  anthony 's camp dismisses the reported offer as `` nonsense '' .  flynt says there 's substantial popular demand to see anthony nud .
 mayor 's son tells 911 operator his mom defended herself <sec> on september 30 , mayor of california town near los angeles was killed at home .  on a 911 call , son says his mom was defending him when she fired gun .  `` it was n't my mom 's fault , '' the frantic caller says .  an investigation is ongoing and no one has been charged in the shootin .
 could 'earthscraper ' really turn architecture on its head ? <sec> mexican architects believe they have solution to capital 's overcrowding .  if built 'earthscraper ' concept would plunge 300 meters into the earth .  designed as an inverted pyramid with a central void for light and ventilation .  pipe-dream or genuine innovation ? .  you tell us .
 identity theft nets some tax refunds , stimulus checks <sec> tax fraud reports jump between 2002 and 2006 , ftc reports .  senator says it can take a year for irs to sort out identity theft .  agency says that preventing such fraud is a priorit .
 chelsea make winning europa league start ; zenit shock liverpool <sec> european champions chelsea defeat sparta prague 1-0 in czech republic thanks to oscar .  napoli , second in serie a , suffer a shock 3-0 home defeat by czech side viktoria plzen .  europa league holders atletico madrid suffer a 2-0 home defeat to russian side rubin kazan .  zenit st petersburg defeat liverpool 2-0 in first leg of their europa league last 32 clas .
 need a tribal spear or horse whip ? try tsa resale <sec> passengers surrender 750,000 items annually at airport checkpoints , tsa says .  many items are sold at a pennsylvania warehouse and online .  knives are the most common item surrendered ; a horse whip is rather unusua .
 forgettable song , memorable outfit : the crazy clothes of eurovision <sec> eurovision outfits have become more flamboyant since the advent of televoting .  the `` barbara dex award '' is an annual prize made by a fan site to the worst dressed artist .  the award is named for belgium 's 1993 entry who performed in a homemade dress .  the first unorthodox outfit was worn in 1958 by margot `` miss jukebox `` hielsche .
 brother and sister , 4 , die in queens house fire <sec> siblings died in blaze that broke out around midnight saturday , fire official says .  five people were rescued from the fire , new york city fire department spokesman says .  one 4-year-old girl was taken to a hospital , where she is in stable condition .  fire official say the fire was accidental , the result of `` child involvement with fire play .
 # tbt : chris pratt was funny in high school , too <sec> a reddit user has shared photos of chris pratt in high school .  the user says the `` guardians of the galaxy '' actor was `` popular with everyone '' .  now , pratt is the star of a no . .  1 movi .
 interactive map : nazi death camps <sec> auschwitz , the most infamous nazi camp , was just one of more than 850 camps .  there were 20 main concentration camps , plus another four extermination camp complexes .  six million jews and millions of others were murdered in the nazi camp syste .
 lone soccer fan wins army of admirers <sec> story of italian soccer club 's lone supporter sweeps the internet .  arrigo brovedani was outnumbered by 15,000 sampdoria fans on monday .  the 37-year-old says he did n't expect to be the only udinese fan present .  he says he has been besieged by media requests , including an invite to englan .
 john kerry in india : a good sign for alliance ( opinion ) <sec> u.s. secretary of state is visiting india in hopes of improving relations .  ravi agrawal : john kerry is rightly focused on economic ties , including trade .  real test of improved trade will rest in the performance of india 's economy , he says .  agrawal : world 's two biggest democracies should work togethe .
 diplomat : russia , france spar over weapons drops in libya <sec> russia argues that france violated a u.n. security council resolution , a diplomat says .  diplomat : drops were `` the only practical way of fulfilling '' the council 's mandate .  united states , united kingdom defend france , the diplomat says .  france 's defense minister says the weapons drops are no longer necessar .
 japanese airlines suspend dreamliner flights after emergency landing <sec> two airlines cancel 787 flights .  ntsb gathering information on incident .  boeing 's dreamliner 787 makes an emergency landing after a battery alarm signals .  landing occurs as u.s. investigators examine another battery involved in a fir .
 former miss california usa sues pageant officials <sec> carrie prejean was stripped of miss california usa title earlier this year .  prejean claims she suffered because of officials ' statements , actions .  prejean was involved in controversy after statements about same-sex marriag .
 six flags roller coaster car derails , 4 injured <sec> all passengers on the ride have been rescued .  part of the ninja ride at six flags magic mountain was hanging off the track .  six flags : a tree branch fell on the track , obstructing the train .  last year , a woman in texas died after she was thrown from her roller coaster sea .
 olympic torch starts 70-day journey round uk <sec> the 70-day torch relay started in land 's end , cornwall , and will finish in london .  the flame will pass within 10 miles of 95 % of the u.k. population along the route .  ben ainslie , who has won three olympic golds in sailing , was the first torchbearer .  the flame was lit on may 10 at ancient olympia , in greece , birthplace of the game .
 holiday in chernobyl : ukraine to lift restrictions on disaster site <sec> ukraine will present plans to open chernobyl next week .  author says the site is `` very moving and interesting '' .  about 20 to 30 people a day now visit during summer .
 france beat spain as world cup hangover lingers <sec> france defeats spain 1-0 in paris .  loic remy scores only goal of the game .  italy defeats netherlands 2-0 in bari .  zlatan ibrahimovic becomes sweden 's record goalscore .
 group calls for release of american dad jailed in japan <sec> christopher savoie 's wife , amy : `` i just wish i could talk to him '' .  savoie in jail in japan after trying to get kids back from his ex-wife .  japanese custom , law on custody differ sharply from those in u.s .
 how to bargain hunt for health care <sec> more web sites help future patients comparison-shop for health care .  sixteen state hospital associations operate web sites that allow comparisons .  new choice health hopes to do for health care what pricing guides did for car buying .  price information is only a starting point , said one exper .
 opinion : make olympics in russia the gayest ever <sec> frida ghitis : anti-gay laws in russia outlaw supporting gays or calling for equality .  anti-gay laws spur intimidation and at times deadly violence against gays , she says .  ghitis : nations should make 2014 winter games in russia a defiant gay and lesbian gala .  it 's a no-brainer that tourists should boycott the game .
 '23 jump street ' is a go <sec> source at sony : `` 23 jump street '' in the works .  `` 22 jump street '' writer hired to work on new film .  `` 22 jump street '' made fun of sequel .
 106-year-old voter shares hopes , secrets <sec> 106-year-old votes for barack obama ; `` is n't that something ? '' .  she asks .  ann cooper remembers an era when women , blacks were not allowed to vote .  centenarian was socialite , community leader in atlanta 's black society .  cooper 's advice to younger generation : be cheerful , get out and vot .
 where does skeleton revelation leave legend of richard iii ? <sec> remains of a man matching richard iii 's description were found in england last august .  scientists say dna tests show `` beyond reasonable doubt '' that the bones are the monarch 's .  supporters of richard iii hope the finding of his remains will open up debate about the king .  dr. phil stone writes that the tudor representation of richard iii `` just does n't stand up .
 does 'secure the border ' mean 'keep america white ' ? <sec> `` secure the border '' has been a theme of the gop presidential campaign .  lz granderson asks why focus is on mexico border rather than larger one to the north .  he says the u.s.-canada border is less than 1 % secure .  granderson : hidden message in the debate is about race and fears of a changing americ .
 rafael nadal wins in madrid as opponent kei nishikori retires <sec> rafael nadal wins madrid open after kei nishikori retires in third set .  victory is nadal 's 27th masters tournament win in trophy laden career .  nishikori will break into world 's top 10 for first time on monda .
 michael jackson 's kids immortalize dad 's glove , footprints <sec> new : prince , paris , blanket put their father 's shoe and glove imprints in cement at grauman 's chinese theatre .  new : `` this is what he strived to get , '' prince jackson says or his dad 's new hollywood honor .  new : jackson `` always wanted to be the best he could be , '' justin bieber said .  cirque du soleil 's `` michael jackson the immortal world tour '' makes its los angeles debut frida .
 matsui and the league that ruth built <sec> japanese baseball book author says babe ruth sparked professional game in japan .  robert fitts says 1934 tour by american all-stars led to first pro teams .  he says yankees star matsui is example for american ballplayers .  fitts : matsui 's emphasis on perfecting and practicing technique leads to succes .
 medicare could pay for sex-change surgeries under federal decision <sec> until friday , a national policy barred medicare from covering sex-change surgery .  a board under the department of health and human services overturned that policy .  now , 15 regional administrators will decide whether the surgery is covere .
 21 killed in attack on egyptian border guards <sec> 21 border guards were killed in attack , egypt state media report .  terrorists fired a rocket at ammunition stores , army said .  the attack happened at a checkpoint in southern egypt , near sudan and libya .  a number of militants were killed and 2 cars with explosives confiscated , army sai .
 pakistani leaders condemn suspected u.s. drone strike <sec> pakistan summons the u.s. ambassador to register `` strong protest '' .  the death toll rises to 44 , two pakistani intelligence officials say .  tribal elders vow to take revenge on america for the strike .  thursday 's suspected drone strike is the 18th so far this yea .
 opinion : deport justin bieber ? <sec> justin bieber was arrested for racing under the influence of drugs , alcohol .  ruben navarrette : bieber has an extraordinary knack for getting into trouble .  he says bieber 's star status does n't mean he should get special treatment .  navarrette : if bieber is convicted , he should get a one-way ticket out of u.s .
 debra milke , arizonan who had murder conviction tossed , is freed <sec> debra milke is driven away from the phoenix jail where she was being held .  she was convicted of murder in her son 's death and given the death penalty .  a judge tossed her conviction ; the jury did n't know a detective 's `` history of misconduct '' .  arizona 's attorney general vowed to appeal the case to the u.s. supreme cour .
 opinion : obstructing government , from huey long to ted cruz <sec> nicolaus mills : ted cruz has acted to enhance his reputation , heedless of consequences .  he says fdr 's critics , including huey long , specialized in such obstruction .  mills : if cruz wants to repeal obamacare , he should seek to do it in normal vote .  he says fdr 's firm stance in defense of social security was vindicate .
 blind man files discrimination suit over law school admission test <sec> angelo binno of michigan is blind , and he aspires to go to law school .  he is suing the american bar association , claiming discrimination in testing .  law schools follow aba policy on testing , the suit says .  the aba has not yet responded to the sui .
 romney 's 'all ' proved not enough <sec> romney says he gave all to his campaign .  he concedes election to obama .  romney had to fight an image of being out of touch .  but a friend says the nominee was far from the caricature he was portrayed to b .
 what 's next for the michael brown family ? <sec> michael brown 's family wants officer to be held accountable .  they may turn to civil remedies , including wrongful death suit .  federal investigations , meanwhile , will continue , holder says .  brown family says it wants `` positive '' chang .
 ac milan go top in italy ; real madrid make no mistake in copa del rey <sec> ac milan go top of serie a with 3-1 victory over palermo in san siro .  previous leaders lazio lost 1-0 to cesena for second straight loss .  champions inter held to 1-1 draw at lecce and drop to fourth .  real madrid thrash real murcia 5-1 to progress in copa del re .
 lady gaga reaches 10 million twitter followers <sec> this is first for the singer and for twitter itself .  gaga tweets : `` 10millionmonsters ! .  i 'm speechless , we did it ! .  its an illness how i love you '' .  she was also first to hit 10 million fans on facebook , 1 billion views on youtub .
 exit polls show incumbent ahead in indonesian presidential vote <sec> new : polls close ; official results expected no sooner than next week .  three familiar faces competed : current president , his deputy and an ex-president .  analysts and polls have yudhoyono ( known as sby ) tipped to win a second term .  sby is riding high on the country 's economic strengt .
 is twitter seen as misogynists ' 'golden ticket ? ' <sec> trolls use the `` chaotic '' forum of twitter to express forbidden thought , says julia bell . .  immature or disenfranchised men with a mysogynist agenda post abuse , she says .  bell says twitter 's response shows it has not grasped the seriousness of the situation .  she says trolls should be shamed and men who do n't hate women be galvanize .
 iran tightens grip on cyberspace with 'halal internet ' <sec> in the lead up to iran 's election , the state has made the internet nearly unusable for many of its citizens .  usually iranians use vpn software to bypass government controls , but lately , these too have been blocked .  some fear the government is unleashing malware and phishing software to spy on iranian citizens .  u.s. government announced it will allow export of services to allow iranian people greater freedom on communicatio .
 egyptian extremist group says it 's behind cairo blasts <sec> an extremist group calling itself soldiers of egypt , or agnad masr , claims cairo blasts .  group says it targeted police brigadier general and security officials .  egypt has been in turmoil since the army ousted the country 's islamist president in jul .
 charity urges caution over elton john 'adoption plan ' <sec> elton john , 62 , made announcement during a visit to an orphanage in ukraine .  everychild charity believes international adoption sends wrong message .  spokesman : mothers abandon children in hope they are adopted by foreigners .  madonna recently won appeal to adopt second child from malaw .
 kurds ' ambitions add explosive element to syria equation <sec> kurdish fighters have gained control over areas of northern syria .  the main kurdish group , the pyd , has been seen as useful to the assad regime .  it has close ties to the pkk , the group fighting in turkey for kurdish autonomy .  the syrian kurds ' experience will influence other kurdish groups , an analyst say .
 why an australian town is fighting mcdonald 's <sec> small town near melbourne , australia , has fought mcdonald 's plans for two years .  locals cite environmental , crime concerns over proposed site of new restaurant .  mcdonald 's says it has been `` diligent '' in addressing concerns of communit .
 philippines on alert as super typhoon megi nears landfall <sec> new : super typhoon megi carries sustained winds of about 287 kph ( 178 mph ) .  super typhoon megi , also known as juan , is expected to make landfall monday .  winds could be in excess of 200 kph as it hits northern luzo .
 where 's waldorf 's silverware ? stolen items returned to hotel after 85 years <sec> the waldorf astoria has been running an amnesty in an attempt to reclaim items taken from the hotel .  a wide array of classic and valuable items continue to pour in .  submissions include colorful tea pots and silver plated coasters , with some dating back to the 1920 ' .
 charges filed against 'baby doc ' duvalier in haiti <sec> it is not immediately clear what the charges are .  a judge must now decide whether the charges merit moving a case forward .  police escort the former dictator from his hotel to a courthouse .  a haitian journalist plans to seek criminal charges against the former dictato .
