 slope time : 7 underrated ski resorts <sec> new features put colorado 's copper mountain on par with its big-name neighbors .  wyoming 's grand targhee is well-positioned to accumulate powder .  mad river glen 's vermont terrain has been rated the most challenging on the east coas .
 emotional azarenka beats unlucky li to retain australian open crown <sec> world no . .  1 victoria azarenka wins australian open title for the second year in a row .  belorussian beats crowd favorite and 2011 runner-up li na 4-6 6-4 6-3 in melbourne .  li needs two medical breaks while final also disrupted by australia day fireworks .  azarenka holds onto the no . .  1 ranking , denying serena williams top spo .
 egyptian jeweler azza fahmy 's insider guide to cairo <sec> must see the sultan hassan mosque .  take a ride on a felucca on the nile .  eat on andrea 's garden terrace in the summer .  ride a camel or a horse at the pyramid .
 blackberry going back to basics , says new ceo <sec> chen : `` my strategy relies on the enterprise customer for the next one to two years '' .  z3 and q20 are first products emerging from partnership with electronics maker foxconn .  asked if he would consider selling off bbm , chen said : `` i run a public company . '' .  `` potential can not be realized until we make money and then the company starts believing in itself .
 hiker photographs bear just before fatal grizzly attack <sec> richard white , 49 , of san diego , california , was hiking alone when the bear killed him .  photos taken by the backpacker just before the attack show `` nothing graphic , '' a park spokeswoman says .  `` we 're not sure what happened after the camera was put down , '' she says .  state troopers and rangers killed the bear saturda .
 what women want : pollsters say it 's substance and solutions <sec> republican pollsters say democrats like to simplify issues when it comes to women .  but , they say , reality is a bit more complex .  jobs and household finances rank at the top for women , according to a gop poll .  democrats ' appeal to women voters has been `` republicans do n't like you , '' they sa .
 'the voice ' winner cassadee pope : 'a part of me did n't want to do this show ' <sec> cassadee pope is still catching her breath after winning `` the voice '' .  she says she was very hesitant to even audition for the show .  pope will soon hit the studio to record her debut solo albu .
 alleged venezuelan agents arrested in u.s . <sec> alleged agents accused of trying to stop a u.s. citizen from talking to authorities .  miami-based guido alejandro antonini wilson tried to enter argentina with $ 800,000 .  cash is believed to have been for cristina fernandez de kirchner election campaig .
 taliban bomb kills top pakistani general , officers <sec> the pakistani taliban claim responsibility for the attack .  officials had just announced plans for `` phased withdrawal '' of troops from some areas .  the blast is a troubling reminder of the region 's volatilit .
 bohuslän : swedish kayaking paradise <sec> with 8,000 islands , sweden 's bohuslän region is best explored by kayak .  fresh seafood is also part of draw .  seals , reindeer and mink are among wildlife .  gothenburg is a good place to get a taste of fika -- swedish coffee cultur .
 famous names in car history <sec> david buick invented the overhead valve engine , founded buick motor car co . .  fearless race car driver louis chevrolet 's name stuck for its musical lilt .  the henry ford company fired its namesake who later started ford motor co . .  toyota name came from the toyoda loom works in kariya , japa .
 take politics out of tariff rules <sec> sen. jim demint : manufacturers who want tariff exemptions must get ok from congress .  he says the result is a process akin to budget earmarks in which lobbying is key .  demint , who is republican , and a democrat are sponsoring legislation to change system .  demint : our legislation would level the playing field for small busines .
 four gunmen die in attack on pakistan police <sec> eight cadets are killed during attack in lahore , top military official says .  leader of pakistan 's taliban named as prime suspect .  four militants dead , three captured , authorities say .  lahore was site of attack on sri lankan cricket team earlier in marc .
 lance armstrong tweets that he 's returned olympic medal <sec> new : u.s. olympic committee has armstrong 's medal , its spokesman confirms .  lance armstrong won 7 tour de france titles , 1 olympic medal in his career .  he strongly denied using performance enhancing drugs until this year .  the ioc asked for his bronze medal back the same day his oprah interview aire .
 clapper stands by libya remarks ; gop senator says he should resign <sec> new : spokeswoman says clapper is standing by his comments on libya .  new : national security adviser : clapper was giving a `` flat-out resources analysis '' .  in testimony , he said libyan regime would `` prevail '' over rebels , prompting criticism .  his statement that china , russia pose greatest threat to u.s. irks sen. carl levi .
 easter by the numbers <sec> about half the country plans to attend an easter sunday service .  it takes 6 minutes to make a peeps marshmallow chick .  the popular way to eat a chocolate bunny is ears firs .
 enterovirus d68 in 19 states , canada <sec> new : cdc confirms 153 cases of enterovius d68 in 18 states .  california also confirmed four cases of ev-d68 .  canada confirms three cases in british columbia .  virus worsens breathing problems for children who have asthm .
 authorities say prison guard charged with sexually abusing inmates <sec> pennsylvania prison guard is accused of sexually and physically abusing 20 inmates .  harry nicoletti was arrested tuesday evening in pittsburgh .  he faces 92 counts , including charges of `` institutional sexual assault .
 spanish doctors conduct full face transplant <sec> doctors at barcelona hospital gave man new nose , lips , teeth , cheekbones .  the man severely damaged his face in an accident .  medical team 's leader said patient was satisfied when he saw new appearance .  there have been partial face transplants in france , the u.s. , china and spai .
 is blog techcrunch unraveling in public ? <sec> techcrunch is a popular tech blog owned by aol .  the blog 's founder creates a venture capital firm to invest in tech companies .  writer says the blog is in turmoil and may never be the sam .
 q & a ; : international troops in afghanistan <sec> australia 's 1,550 troops in afghanistan a fraction of the overall number of foreign troops deployed .  pm julia gillard announces plans to pull them out early citing an improvement in security .  weekend attacks seen as a marker of how far afghan security forces have improved .  more than 130,000 troops from 50 countries are currently operating in afghanista .
 does your child need adhd drugs ? <sec> the cdc estimates 4.5 million children and teens have adhd .  expert : `` drugs are viewed as the frontline treatment '' .  behavioral treatments can also be effective over the long run .  if patient decides to use medication , ask , `` what can we expect with this treatment ? .
 missing girl 's mom finds hope in jaycee dugard case <sec> michaela garecht , 9 , kidnapped three years before jaycee dugard .  a week before her abduction , michaela wrote poem about kidnapping , mother says .  girls ' kidnappings seem similar , sharon murch says .  police also looking for links into 1989 kidnapping of ilene mishelof .
 at least 13 dead in suicide attack on military post near benghazi <sec> three days of mourning to mark first suicide attack since gadhafi regime 's fall .  most of the dead were soldiers and members of security forces , government says .  no one has claimed responsibility ; residents have protested rising islamist violenc .
 30-minute obama ad shows campaign muscle <sec> new : obama ad features stories of struggling families , high-profile endorsements .  new : obama discusses plans for economy , bringing end to iraq war .  new : on ad 's timing , mccain says it used to take `` act of god '' to delay world series .  mccain launched an ad attacking obama for his 30-minute specia .
 aden , yemen : empty streets , shelling and desperation <sec> control of strategic seaport of aden divided between houthi rebels and government loyalists .  some saudi arms are falling into rebel hands .  terrified residents line up for bread and fuel and try to stay indoor .
 a new era for wave energy <sec> world 's first commercial wave power project is inaugurated off the portuguese coast .  the semi-submerged machines will initially provide 2.25 megawatts of power .  a second phase will produce 21 megawatts and displace 60,000 tons of co .
 wenger 'hurt ' after man utd thrashing <sec> new : arsenal to offer fans who traveled to old trafford a free ticket .  arsene wenger has said he is `` hurt '' after arsenal 's 8-2 defeat to manchester united .  wenger also apologized to fans after arsenal 's worst defeat in over a century .  arsenal are without a win in their opening three league games , with just one poin .
 firefighters brace for 'fifty shades ' sex emergencies <sec> `` fifty shades of grey '' movie releases worldwide this week .  london firefighters warn of possible `` spike '' in calls from people stuck in handcuffs .  incidents like these on rise since e l james ' first erotic book released in 2011 .  brigade has been called to incidents involving toasters , vacuum cleaners and chastity bel .
 honda 's pitch : she 's pretty in pink <sec> honda releases new model of honda fit : 'she's ' .  it has pink stitching in seats , windshield that blocks ultraviolet rays .  marketing of a car to women was tried in the 1950s .  in 2000 , ford teamed with maytag to pitch minivan with washing machine , microwav .
 internet lusts after new mugshot guy <sec> sean kory 's mugshot has attracted social media because of his looks .  kory was arrested in california , accused of assaulting a person dressed as a fox news reporter .  kory follows in the footsteps of another felon , jeremy meeks , whose mugshot went vira .
 u.s. hands over afghan prison that was a sticking point <sec> the united states transfers control of parwan detainees .  the handover of the facility has been a sticking point between u.s. and afghan authorities .  the handover took place a year after the initial plan was announced .  originally , the transfer was to have taken place within six month .
 buy american as 'economic patriotism ? ' <sec> detroit mayor sparks debate when he tells employees to buy american cars .  big three 's financial woes have had impact on michigan economy .  customer : hypocritical to buy american cars then buy other imported goods .  differences in quality between american and foreign are negligibl .
 surf and volley : life 's a beach as 'the scud ' finds peace <sec> former tennis star mark philippoussis has turned his hand to surfing in california .  philippoussis won two davis cup titles with australia and reached two grand slam finals .  the 35-year-old last played professionally in 2010 but now has a different focus .  he surfs every day and says he is as dedicated to it as he was to tennis back in the da .
 63 charged with killing boss who fired them <sec> police in india charge 63 people with murdering company boss who fired them .  mob of fired employees attacked chief executive of italian car parts company .  india 's labor minister apologizes for saying death is warning to managemen .
 u.s. wins by helping pakistan stabilize <sec> sharjeel kashmir : even before floods , pakistan was an economic , political , social mess .  aid for u.s. in afghanistan tore pakistan into factions , sparked suicide attacks , he writes .  kashmir : pakistan needs america 's help ; america needs a stable pakistan .  pakistan must focus on education , infrastructure and security , he write .
 feds seizure of baseball players ' drug tests ruled illegal <sec> court rules investigators ' seizure of drug-test results five years ago was illegal .  decision recommended new guidelines for computer searches for investigators .  court 's decision says feds search violated constitution 's fourth amendmen .
 seeing crash reports can worsen flying phobia <sec> 10 percent to 25 percent of the u.s. population experiences the phobia of flying .  fear can be exacerbated by watching reports of other crashes .  average age of onset of such phobias is 27 .  relaxation , meditation , breathing skills can improve the chances of beating fea .
 on board 'the world 's most powerful warship ' <sec> rare visit to uss george washington , one of world 's most powerful warships .  aircraft carrier in waters off korean peninsula for a routine `` patrol mission '' .  it is home to up 6,000 crew and 18,000 meals are served a da .
 authorities freeze assets of former egyptian president , family <sec> the assets of hosni mubarak 's sons have also been frozen .  mubarak 's wealth has been the subject of false reports , his attorney says .  british prime minister david cameron is in cairo to meet with official .
 georgia halts executions to analyze lethal cocktail <sec> brian keith terrell execution halted while georgia analyzes drugs used for executions .  kelly gissendaner 's execution postponed because drugs `` appeared cloudy , '' georgia say .
 decades of love sound like this : 'oh sweet lorraine ' <sec> 96-year-old widower writes song for beloved wife .  music studio , moved by tribute , records his song .  `` oh sweet lorraine '' has brought tears to eyes around the worl .
 teacher loses 120 pounds , drops seven dress sizes <sec> teacher tracey wygal was morbidly obese when she weighed 295 pounds .  a doctor prescribed a 1,600-calorie-a-day diet and exercise .  wygal started eating clean , keeping a food diary and working out at home .  eventually she joined a gym , hired a personal trainer and lost 120 pound .
 boy george jailed for 15 months <sec> former culture club singer jailed for falsely imprisoning a male escort .  the victim , audun carlsen , claimed he was also beaten with a chain .  boy george , whose real name is george o'dowd , has battled drug addiction .  he spent 5 days cleaning the streets of manhattan in 2006 on community orde .
 cnn student news - april 8 , 2015 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 'bosman ' lawyer makes complaint over uefa 's financial fair play <sec> belgian agent lodges a complaint with the european commission over uefa 's financial fair play rules .  agent represented by lawyer who helped revolutionize the way transfer system works .  complaint argues uefa 's `` break-even rule '' restricts competition .  in december , malaga handed a season-long ban from uefa club competitions after falling foul of ff .
 holder : u.s. pushing other countries to beef up terrorism laws <sec> justice department dispatches lawyers to 14 countries to help prosecute foreign fighters .  the u.s. is also pushing other countries to overhaul their laws to prosecute jihadists .  plan urges international `` information sharing , investigations and prosecutions .
 tiny seahorse , world 's longest insect among top new species <sec> a committee of scientists named the top 10 species discovered in 2008 .  among them are an indonesian seahorse that measures about half an inch long .  the world 's longest insect has a body length of 14 inches and resembles a stick .  a coffee plant from cameroon is a rare caffeine-free coffee specie .
 olazabal takes on ryder cup captaincy <sec> european tour members choose jose maria olazabal as ryder cup captain .  spaniard was vice-captain in last year 's winning team and has played seven times .  the 44-year-old says he is winning his battle against ill health that has hampered him .  he is considering reducing captain 's wildcard picks from three to tw .
 a380 superjumbo rolls off tarmac <sec> four wheels of a380 superjumbo roll onto grass at singapore airport .  truck being used to push the plane experienced `` some kind of failure '' .  no-one injured in the incident ; passengers transferred to other flights .  singapore airlines was first carrier in the world to operate the a38 .
 hospital delays are killing america 's war veterans <sec> america 's war veterans are dying because of long waits and delayed care , cnn has found .  the va is aware of the problems and has done little to address it , documents show .  more than 20 are believed to have died or are dying because of waits at one va facilit .
 opinion : fighting marijuana ... or reality ? <sec> david nathan : most americans favor full legalization of medical marijuana .  nathan : while critics raise important concerns about pot , its dangers are exaggerated .  he says the arguments against pot are not sufficient to warrant its prohibition .  nathan : i 'd rather live in a nation where cannabis and its trade is regulated than no .
 eminem debuts new song on 'call of duty : ghosts ' <sec> eminem debuted new music since 2010 .  `` survival '' appears on `` call of duty : ghosts '' video game .  the rapper is said to release more music this yea .
 netanyahu has bared true face ( opinion ) <sec> benjamin netanyahu dismissed idea of palestinian state during campaign .  alan elsner : israeli officials have started backing away from his statement .
 french senate approves burqa ban <sec> new : the law will go into effect next spring and impose a fine of $ 190 for violations .  the ban passed the lower house of the french parliament by a huge majority .  a poll this year showed french people overwhelmingly favor a ban .  france has about 3.5 million muslim .
 judge in pants lawsuit sues to get job back <sec> roy pearson accuses the city government of an `` unlawful demotion '' and termination .  he sought $ 54 million from a small family-owned dry cleaners over lost trousers .  a judge found in favor of the dry cleaners .  pearson was taken off the bench in may 200 .
 around the world in 11 odd cheeses <sec> strange cheeses include those made with maggots , dust mites and even human breast milk .  american cheese , such as that found in fast food burgers , is n't really a cheese at all .  a serbian group makes cheese from donkey mil .
 philadelphia police : mom left quadriplegic son in woods <sec> temperatures dipped into the mid-30s during 4 days man lay in woods of philadelphia park .  mom told police son was with her in maryland , but he was found friday with blanket , bible .  victim being treated for malnutrition , dehydration ; mother faces host of charges after extraditio .
 thune , rogers : the case for a gop senate ( opinion ) <sec> leaders of republican conferences make their case for the midterm elections .  they say a gop-led senate would result in a congress that can solve problems .  authors : house has passed bills to improve economy , but they 've been blocked in senat .
 nearly 100 dead as magnitude-7.1 earthquake hits the philippines <sec> deaths are reported in several areas .  earthquake strikes on a national holiday in the philippines .  it was centered near a town in bohol province .  there was damage in the city of cebu , a witness tells cn .
 tanzania arrests 15 suspects in acid attacks <sec> attackers hurled acid at a catholic priest last week .  it was the third such unprovoked assault in two months .  last month , men on a motorcycle threw acid on two british teens walking alone in zanziba .
 cool obama vs. square romney <sec> alex castellanos says election may echo old split between cultural elite , silent majority .  he says obama is widely viewed as the `` cool president , '' romney is the opposite of cool .  castellanos : could romney 's persona be a plus in this year 's election .
 'star wars rebels ' a link to the past <sec> the animated series premieres on friday night .  it 's set 14 years after `` episode iii '' .  disney purchased the franchise from george luca .
 typhoon haiyan : death toll rising month after storm hits philippines <sec> death toll from typhoon haiyan rises to almost 6,000 , and many are still missing .  12 million people have been affected by the storm that hit a month ago .  u.s. military spent $ 32 million on recovery aid ; usaid is still providing foo .
