 u.s. navy discloses nuclear exam cheating <sec> navy cheating follows scandal at air force nuclear base over proficiency exam .  the navy case involves enlistees testing to use nuclear reactors that power ships and subs .  about 30 people have lost their authority to perform certain dutie .
 zardari : pakistan 's nuclear arsenal is safe <sec> pakistani president insists his state 's nuclear arsenal is safe , despite taliban gains .  recent gains by the taliban along pakistan 's afghan border have raised concerns .  for 2 weeks , pakistani troops have fought taliban in districts bordering swat valley .  u.s. president barack obama said pakistan 's government appears `` very fragile .
 nidal hasan hopes for death in fort hood killings , lawyers say <sec> new : hasan has the right to defend himself , even `` poorly , '' expert says .  admitted fort hood gunman `` is working towards a death penalty , '' lawyer says .  hasan objected to that description ; the dispute cut short proceedings wednesday .  hasan faces a death sentence if convicted of 13 killings and 32 attempted murder count .
 former new york gov . mario cuomo hospitalized <sec> former new york gov . .  mario cuomo has been hospitalized .  `` he is in good spirits , '' a spokeswoman for gov . .  andrew cuomo says .  `` pop is in the hospital , and he is doing well enough , '' cnn 's chris cuomo tweet .
 fury over british muslim cleric 's anti-war march threat <sec> anjem choudary accuses soldiers of `` murderous crimes '' in afghanistan .  he proposes to parade empty coffins through the streets of wootton bassett .  english town is where the bodies of war dead are traditionally brought when they return to the uk .  british prime minister gordon brown said there would be `` no support '' for the marc .
 report : man says devil made him smash 10 commandments <sec> a man allegedly rams his car into a ten commandments monument .  the 6-foot granite copy of the biblical edicts has drawn criticism from a civil rights group .  the aclu still wants the monument gone -- but legally ; it condemns the apparent vandalism .  the satanic temple also condemned the monument 's destruction as violation of free speec .
 report : isis releases nearly 20 assyrian christians <sec> isis captured assyrian christians in various villages in northern syria .  isis has executed nearly 2,000 people since june , the syrian observatory report .
 they 're quacking to be new aflac duck <sec> hundreds of people are quacking their hearts out in auditions to be the aflac duck .  they 're quacking like ducks in love , answering the phone or getting bad news .  winner gets a six-figure salary and benefits for their quacking perfection .  new duck replaces comedian gilbert gottfried , who was fired for tweets about japa .
 halliburton pleads guilty in 2010 gulf oil spill case <sec> halliburton destroyed computer tests after deepwater horizon , prosecutors say .  prosecutors charge a company manager as the company pleads guilty .  the deepwater horizon blowout killed 11 and unleashed the worst u.s. oil spill .  well owner bp and halliburton are still battling over the disaster in cour .
 how we 'll beat traffic and find parking spots in the future <sec> the global gridlock created by a population set to grow to 9 billion people by 2044 .  ford envisions a future where all cars are connected .  the answer to the crisis is not to build more roads , but to build a smarter transportation syste .
 political family names bring shame as well as fame <sec> coming from a big political name `` does help , and it hurts , '' doug wead says .  family name is `` worth one step up on the political ladder , '' stephen hess says .  the pressure to defend a legacy can stifle a political career , wead says .  even if a name is disgraced today , its image can be restored tomorrow , wead say .
 north korea outlines accusations against bae <sec> korean-american kenneth bae was sentenced to 15 years at a labor camp .  but north korea had not detailed the accusations against him .  a north korean supreme court spokesman detailed the case to state-run media .  bae was accused of plotting against the north korean governmen .
 countdown to euro 2012 : the stadiums <sec> there are less than 200 days until euro 2012 in poland and ukraine .  eight cities will host the four-yearly tournament across both countries .  the opening match will be in warsaw on june 8 , with the final in kiev on july .
 memories of john lennon <sec> john lennon died 30 years ago .  he was shot and killed in new york , near central park .  the beatle had a lasting impact on man .
 no deal yet to buy land for 9/11 memorial <sec> government may use eminent domain to seize land needed for 9/11 memorial .  hijacked united flight 93 crashed in shanksville , pennsylvania .  federal officials say they hope to have first phase of memorial complete by 201 .
 as first vaccines go out , h1n1 questions answered <sec> cdc : about 2.2 million doses out of the available 2.4 million have been ordered .  intranasal spray version of vaccine should be given to people 2 to 49 .  pregnant women and children younger than 2 should not get the flumist version .  ireport.com : are you getting the h1n1 vaccine .
 custodian found dead at cape canaveral launchpad <sec> the man was found dead at nasa 's kennedy space center .  neither his identity nor a cause of death was released tuesday .  nasa says the pad leader discovered the bod .
 michelle obama 's reasons to study abroad <sec> michelle obama launches new focus on studying abroad during china trip .  her emphasis is on the importance of learning from one another 's cultures .  obama answered viewer-submitted questions in exclusive cnn ireport interview .  more than 350 questions were submitte .
 after d.c. shooting , fingers point over blame <sec> `` corkins was given a license to shoot , '' family research council president says .  he says the southern poverty law center `` should be held accountable '' .  the splc says it lists the council as a hate group for spreading `` propaganda about lgbt people '' .  an nyu law professor says `` you ca n't pick and choose what kind of rhetoric to condemn .
 kenyans rally for woman stripped naked in nairobi <sec> the incident was captured on a video that went viral last week .  it prompted outrage on social media under the hashtag # mydressmychoice .  not first time a woman undressed for purported indecent dressing in keny .
 general killed : afghan attack a bad omen ( opinion ) <sec> on tuesday , an afghan soldier killed a u.s. major general in an insider attack .  writers : insider attacks nothing new , but it 's an ominous sign as combat troops withdraw .  they say advisory forces who stay might be more vulnerable to insider attacks .  writers : pentagon says trust between afghans , americans is solid : trust is ke .
 orthodox rabbis convicted of conspiracy in kidnap-divorce plot <sec> three rabbis found guilty of conspiracy to commit kidnapping in new jersey federal court .  they were accused of orchestrating kidnapping , torture of jewish men who refused to allow their wives a religious divorce .  lawyers for the rabbis said they plan on appealing the verdict .
 first anti-government protests staged in bangkok since emergency rule <sec> anti-government protesters demonstrate in bangkok .  it was the first red shirt protest since a state of emergency ended in december .  red shirt demonstrators support ousted prime minister thaksin shinawatra .  clashes between red shirts and thai troops left 91 people dead in 201 .
 alabama gov . bentley signs law adding requirements to abortion clinics - cnnpolitics.com <sec> planned parenthood warns of `` an almost certain legal challenge '' .  similar new law in mississippi is about to shut down its last abortion clinic .  the governor , who 's a physician , says law is `` endorsed by pro-life groups '' .  state has had more regulations for vet clinics than a woman seeking abortion , sponsor say .
 what are they thinking ? aussie travelers ' bizarre requests for help <sec> australia 's overseas consular offices will no longer accommodate many requests for help .  aussie travelers need to become more self-reliant , says government official .  one traveler asked consulate to pack his bags .  another wanted someone to babysit a pet bir .
 virtual reality : avatar inspires gamer to hit the gym <sec> marcus dickinson has lost 45 pounds and toned up to be more like his character .  roc wieler is a retired colonel from the minmatar tribes with an affinity for discipline .  dickinson blogs as roc , in addition to creating 3-d artwork and music album .
 'friends ' actor david schwimmer helps police in stabbing case <sec> actor david schwimmer shows police surveillance footage ; helps in stabbing case .  three individuals engaged in a physical dispute next door over a stolen computer .  the alleged stabber was arrested , police said .  schwimmer is most known for his 10-year starring role on `` friends .
 some believe friday is doomsday on the mayan calendar ; the mayans do n't <sec> some believe a major calamity will occur friday based on the mayan calendar .  the mayans do n't think that 's true : `` it 's an era , '' a mayan wood carver says .  the end of the winter solstice marks the end of a 394-year period on the calendar .  predictions mention a deity but not the end of the world , an archeologist say .
 fda approves new flu vaccine <sec> agriflu , made by novartis , is not intended to protect against the h1n1 virus .  the vaccine was approved using an accelerated approval process , the fda said .  vaccine induces antibodies in the blood that are effective in preventing seasonal influenz .
 director zack snyder on superman 's christ-like parallels <sec> `` man of steel '' director zack snyder says his superman is intended to be spiritual .  snyder says there are christ-like parallels to the superhero .  he says the film is intended to let the audience see the world through superman 's eye .
 commentary : frightening future if health reform fails <sec> uwe reinhardt : consider what will happen if health reform fails .  he says health costs have already doubled in a decade .  reinhardt says dollars spent on health care come out of wages for middle clas .
 actress is first with down syndrome in ny fashion week <sec> `` american horror story 's '' jamie brewer is a part of designer carrie hammer 's show .  hammer has a role models not runway models campaign .  brewer is an advocate for those with intellectual disabilitie .
 somalia parliament votes in sharia law <sec> somalia 's parliament unanimously backs introduction of islamic sharia law .  vote will boost president 's efforts to defeat hard-line islamic opponents .  vote comes amid tension after killings of key government supporter .
 u.s. , korean warships stop somali pirate attack <sec> south korean and american warships stop a suspected somali pirate attack .  they launched helicopters in response to a distress call from the mv amira .  american search-and-seizure team board dhow and detain 17 peopl .
 pockets of violence amid thai anti-government protests in bangkok <sec> new : authorities report several violent incidents overnight , including shootings .  tens of thousands of protesters have gathered in central bangkok .  they have occupied major intersections in the thai capital and marched on ministries .  the protesters are demanding that prime minister yingluck shinawatra step dow .
 when liver donations go wrong <sec> ryan arnold died after donating a piece of his liver to his brother , chad .  he and laura fritz , who also donated part of a liver , had the same surgeon .  arnold 's death and fritz 's complications are unrelated , surgeon says .  some fault system under which hospitals do own investigations of donor complication .
 gunmen fire into crowd outside mexico school ; 1 man killed <sec> new : witnesses tell cnn they saw gunmen carry ak-47s , travel in a jetta .  man shot , killed in front of students at school in ciudad juarez ; 4 others injured .  police : suspects `` fired into the crowd without caring about the people there '' .  no students were injured in the attack ; suspects still on the loos .
 apple ipad 2 now in production <sec> the ipad 2 might have a front-facing camera , enabling use of the facetime app .  there are rumors that the new device will have an sd card slot .  nearly $ 5 billion worth of ipads have been sold in the three quarters since its launc .
 buying facebook goods , just a few cents at a time <sec> paypal and facebook deepen corporate ties .  facebook users can pay for inexpensive goods incrementally using paypal .  credits , facebook 's virtual currency , has struggled to gain traction among some audience .
 cargo jet takes off from wichita on short runway <sec> the plane landed safely at mcconell air force base .  `` gawkers have caused accidents , '' one official says .  jabara airport has no control tower and a much shorter runway .  the faa is investigating the inciden .
 ntsb : planes at chicago 's midway came within 300 feet of each other <sec> the southwest crew tells the tower , `` the thing went right over our head '' .  the incident happened on december 1 .  a preliminary ntsb report does not assign blam .
 kenyan intelligence warned of al-shabaab threat before mall attack <sec> new : militants severed hands , cut off noses and hanged hostages .  kenya 's national intelligence service made the warning in its regular updates .  it said al-shabaab posed a threat to several kenyan targets , including the mall .  at least 67 people died in the siege and 59 others are unaccounted fo .
 quick draw : how the nra 's lapierre keeps his enemies guessing <sec> nra executive vice president wayne lapierre has been a strong advocate for gun owners .  he 's also known as a brash , heavyweight brawler who rarely backs down from a fight .  he testified at a senate hearing on gun violence wednesda .
 politiko : change on the cards in malaysia ? <sec> tongue-in-cheek card game is based on malaysian dirty politics .  players must out-scheme each other to be voted into parliament .  contestants are asked to buy votes , hire phantom voters and control the media .  in an ironic twist , the game has become popular with some malaysian politician .
 the complicated measure of being hispanic in america <sec> there are more than 44 million people of hispanic origin in the u.s . .  the community includes diverse national origins , generations , languages .  some observers say enough similarities exist to project a communal identit .
 australia to withdraw troops from afghanistan earlier than expected <sec> new : analyst calls australia a `` phenomenal '' ally .  australia 's prime minister sketches out an expedited troop withdrawal plan .  the country has been part of the coalition effort in afghanistan for more than a decad .
 at least 2 louisiana students critically hurt when truck hits bus <sec> new : 21 children were on a louisiana bus when it was hit from behind friday .  new : the bus , driven by the town 's mayor , had picked up kids alongside a highway .  at least two students are critically injure .
 the latest from facebook : 'open stream api ' <sec> a post on the facebook developer blog announces the open stream api .  third-party developers will have access to feed of all news feed content .  previously , only status updates were accessible to developers .  blog : api users will be able to use applications to interact with their strea .
 secret service countersnipers hunt for real snipers <sec> countersniper teams to be out in force across washington for inauguration day .  `` they will be familiar with every potential threat , '' director says .  the secret service formed the elite unit in 1971 .  homeland security chief says agency is prepare .
 why don cornelius mattered <sec> gene seymour says in 1970s , black culture burst forth in fashion , music , dance .  he says don cornelius contributed singular dance show with cross-cultural appeal .  he says the elite of black pop music performed ; soul train showed teens how to dance .  seymour : cornelius was self-made impresario , innovator who built cultural phoneomeno .
 fernando alonso recovering after f1 crash <sec> fernando alonso is recovering in hospital following a 150kph crash on sunday .  the mclaren-honda driver has undergone ct and mri scans .  alonso 's crash was caused by `` unpredictably gusty winds '' according to mclaren-hond .
 women hospitalized after cancer 'beauty ' treatment goes wrong <sec> hong kong police investigating beauty clinic after women hospitalized .  four women are being treated for septic shock after receiving dc-cik treatment .  treatment is normally only offered to cancer patients , experts said .  clinic 's founder says clients referred to an independent docto .
 mexico 's ruling party loses midterm elections <sec> new : german martinez , president of pan political party , resigns in aftermath .  felipe calderon 's party loses lead in mexico 's lower house .  mexican president held responsible for economic downturn , analysts say .  pri has 36.8 percent of vote to 27.9 percent for calderon 's pan , news agency say .
 immigration reform : elect gop president ( opinion ) <sec> ruben navarrette : the delay announced by president obama is another broken pledge .  he says promises that immigration reform would be a priority were not serious .  history shows that gop presidents , friendly to business , more likely to favor immigration , he says .  navarrette : obama was wrong to blame his inaction on the surge of border kid .
 uk police issue warning after woman 's murder <sec> joanna yeates , 25 , vanished a week before christmas .  her strangled body was found by a couple walking their dogs on christmas day .  a man was arrested but later release .
 where stars go to propose marriage <sec> billy joel proposed to katie lee in st. bart 's .  roselyn sanchez and eric winter got engaged while in a double kayak .  jordan batman proposed to christina aguilera on a valentine 's day getaway .  seal gave heidi klum a 10-karat yellow diamond on a glacier in canad .
 why one is n't always the loneliest number <sec> courtney martin : women often get asked if they have multiple children or plan to do so .  martin : how many children you choose to have has a huge impact on your work-life balance .  she says a new book by lauren sandler presents good reasons for having just one child .  martin : living a happy life is about the freedom to choose if you want to have children or no .
 national archives unveils fortified display case for magna carta <sec> parchment document dating to 1297 gets new display box .  philanthropist david rubenstein hopes to see permanent display next month .  american democracy and rule of law are drawn from the magna cart .
 why christine o'donnell is not you <sec> christine o'donnell 's campaign , ads stress populist theme of `` i 'm you '' .  julian zelizer : republican policies have helped wealthy and increased inequality .  he says the gop has supported supply-side economics , deregulation since reagan .  under democrats , americans of all income have done better , zelizer say .
 how to sell or get rid of your old gadgets <sec> you can sell old computers , tablets and phones online for cash .  many manufactures and online retailers buy back old devices for credit .  donate computers and tablets to schools , or phones to a number of charities .  if something ca n't be sold or donated , do n't throw it out ; recycle it for free at best bu .
 meet the world 's best new skyscraper <sec> german building data company emporis issues list of best new skyscrapers .  winner known as `` marilyn monroe '' due to curvy design .  al bahr towers in abu dhabi has outer skin that rotates in response to the sun 's position .  no u.s. buildings made the top 10 list this yea .
 workers stranded as north korea closes border <sec> 573 people staying at kaesong industrial complex , north of demilitarized zone .  80 south koreans not cleared to cross the border into south korea monday .  follows vow to retaliate from n. korea if its satellite launch is intercepted .  s. korea , u.s. have started their annual joint military drill .
 rio 2016 : dead fish wash up in olympic lagoon <sec> officials start to clean up scores of dead fish from the lagoon rodrigo de freitas .  pollution was a problem even before the preparations for the olympic games began .  last week video showed a separate incident , where floating trash caused a sailing acciden .
 5 great european cities for christmas markets <sec> germany 's reputation for legendary christmas markets is well deserved .  the viennese version of winter wonderland comes to life all over town .  the christkindelsmärik in strasbourg has offered holiday cheer since 157 .
