 comedian hal sparks on love and pot <sec> hal sparks is known for is commentary on vh1 's `` i love the ... `` series .  in 1999 , he hosted the e ! .  show `` talk soup , '' which aired funny segments from talk shows .  sparks also sings and plays the guitar in a band called zero .
 how big is 'too big ' for a superyacht ? <sec> aly , ceo of blohm+voss , told cnn that super yacht building was hurt in the crisis .  lurssen shipyard in bremen will soon unleash the world 's longest mega yacht .  some of the mega yachts need 60-80 employees when the boat is in full us .
 egypt 's secularists repeating islamists ' mistakes <sec> bassem youssef warns against the `` victory high ' some feel after morsy 's ouster .  youssef : some of the anti-morsy forces are just as objectionable as the islamists .  there seems to be no home in egypt right now for those with moderate views , youssef say .
 how ebola broke sierra leone 's heart <sec> sierra leoneans ' love affair with football hit by ebola .  games canceled , watching in public spaces stopped .  people must 'reprogram ' themselves not to touch .  psychological effects on naturally 'touchy , feely ' communit .
 cold snap jolts parts of u.s. into early winter <sec> by the weekend , the eastern two-thirds of the nation will be affected .  in wyoming , the wind chill is expected to be between 25 to 35 below zero .  farmers urged to move livestock into a bar .
 opinion : shrink china wealth gap , boost consumption <sec> key challenge for china 's leaders is moving to a consumption-driven economy .  measures to encourage chinese consumption have had limited success .  research shows top 10 % of chinese households garnered 57 % of total income .  gan : income inequality is the key reason for china 's low consumption rat .
 for many chinese , literary dreams go online <sec> china now has the most internet users in the world .  publishing houses increasingly patrol web sites for writing talent , observer says .  one of china 's biggest literary portals reports 200 million page views a da .
 political differences and the bedroom <sec> political differences may be a boost to some relationships .  a recent survey shows sexual differences between republicans and democrats .  `` human sexuality should not be a politically divisive issue , '' a researcher say .
 your # ebolaqanda questions answered <sec> people on the same flights with ebola patient are not at risk , cdc says .  ebola symptoms typically appear eight to 10 days after infection .  the ebola virus can live for up to six days on a surface in a perfect environment .  bleach is the method used in west africa to kill i .
 at least 4 dead in bahrain as violence continues <sec> `` mistakes and escalation had been made , but we have fixed them , '' says prince salman .  medical sources at a hospital say at least 50 people were injured .  opposition party member rejects dialogue while the military controls the street .
 vonn equals world cup record <sec> lindsey vonn equals world cup win record in italy . .  clinched win number 62 in the downhill . .  can brfeak the 35-year record in the super-g monday .
 air guitar god ? bog snorkeling champ ? celebrating the world 's wackiest hobbies <sec> good at air guitar ? .  the pros earn cash through ad campaigns and festival gigs .  participants of the world bogsnorkeling championships brave scorpions and leeches . .  the all-american soap box derby has launched racing and engineering careers .  the kinetic sculpture race utilizes the baltimore city streets and harbo .
 hirscher turns it on for the terminator <sec> austria 's marcel hirscher won sunday 's world cup slalom at kitzbuhel .  arnold schwarzenegger was in the stands as hirscher claimed victory in front of his home fans .  hirscher 's fourth win of the season puts him 114 points clear at the top of the standings .  croatia 's ivica kostelic guaranteed record fourth successive victory in the world cup combined even .
 theology unnecessary , stephen hawking tells cnn <sec> hawking talks to cnn 's `` larry king live '' about his new book .  the book argues that god did not create the universe .  hawking says science can explain the universe without the need for go .
 toto bassist mike porcaro dies at 59 <sec> mike porcaro was diagnosed with lou gehrig 's disease , als , in 2006 .  members of toto rallied to help him .  als affects nerve cells of brain and spinal cor .
 olympics stars : what i ca n't live without <sec> michael phelps says he ca n't do without his cell phone .  400m hurdling gold medal winner felix sanchez carries a photo of his late grandmother .  ian thorpe kept a bag of licorice handy .  jackie joyner-kersee , an asthmatic , tucked an inhaler into her sports bra just in cas .
 navy training jet crashes in north georgia ; 3 dead , 1 missing <sec> crash of twin-engine t-39n trainer causes no injuries on the ground .  crash causes about 10 to 15 acres of forest to be set ablaze .  navy jet goes down just north of morganton , about 80 miles north of atlanta .  t-39n took off from pensacola naval air station in florid .
 la raza says it 's not ignoring trayvon martin case <sec> latino civil rights group criticized for silence by rush limbaugh .  group says limbaugh , others are trying to divide blacks and latinos .  spokeswoman : `` the fact that george zimmerman is latino is irrelevant to his actions .
 boko haram steps up attacks aimed at islamic 'establishment ' in nigeria <sec> since its early days boko haram has targeted the muslim `` establishment '' in nigeria .  the group accuses the `` establishment '' of corruption and `` perverting '' islam .  boko haram has stepped up suicide bombings , causing mass casualties .  friday 's attack at a mosque in kano killed dozens , injured scores mor .
 brace yourself : transatlantic flights set to be bumpier , costlier <sec> report says passengers should brace themselves for bumpier skies and costlier flights .  it says climate change will increase turbulence over the north atlantic , a popular route .  the report is based on a climate model simulations , impact of changes in carbon dioxide level .
 zsa zsa gabor 's daughter , husband reach truce in dispute over actress 's care <sec> francesca hilton is happy with conservator arrangement for her mom , lawyer says .  gabor 's ninth husband must share financial and medical info with daughter .  hilton can visit her ailing mother once a week , the judge orders .  prince frederic von anhalt and hilton have feuded over gabor for year .
 iraq 's nuri al-maliki tells troops not to strike falluja neighborhoods <sec> new : u.s. vice president joe biden talks to al-maliki by phone , stressing support .  new : the u.s. is stepping up military deliveries but wo n't send troops into iraq , officials say .  the iraqi prime minister appeals to falluja residents to expel `` terrorists '' from the city .  government troops have reportedly clashed with al qaeda-linked fighter .
 analysis : blackwater has longstanding ties to cia <sec> relationship between blackwater and cia goes back almost a decade .  recent allegation says contractor was part of cia program to kill al qaeda operatives .  blackwater was given contract to protect cia facilities in afghanistan after 9/11 attacks .  the private contractor renamed itself xe earlier this yea .
 new olympus board faces scrutiny <sec> new : shareholders of the olympus corp. approve a new board despite objections .  new management will run the camera maker whose $ 1.7 billion cover-up rocked japan inc . .  allegations after the october dismissal of former olympus president michael woodford .  outgoing president , shuichi takayama , was greeted with boos and hisses from shareholder .
 10 top value destinations for 2013 <sec> two of lonely planet 's best-value cities are in oregon and sweden .  great value does n't mean everything is cheap in these spots , editor says .  the countries of namibia and georgia also make the lis .
 opinion : keep cell phone calls off planes <sec> bob greene : house committee ok 'd bill to ban in-flight cell phone calls . .  this is good news .  he says poll shows most people against voice calls on planes ; congress seems to get this .  passengers might be trapped on flight with noisy callers ; chaos could easily ensue .  greene : pols knows if that occurs , fliers will blame them ; they should ensure ban happen .
 extortionist to serve 10 years for fake collar bomb <sec> man who attached fake collar bomb to sydney teen sentenced .  paul douglas peters to serve at least 10 years of 13-year sentence .  police took 10 hours to dismantle the device around madeleine pulver 's neck .  during sentencing , judge peter zahra said peters ' motivation was extortio .
 toyota kaikan : inside one of the world 's top factory tours <sec> the toyota production system is considered by many the best in the world .  visitors can tour toyota 's motomachi plant , internally known as `` the mother plant '' .  at motomachi , a car is completed every 135 seconds .  toyota was the world 's best selling automaker in 2013 , selling 9.98 million vehicle .
 how to paint a portrait in 54 seconds <sec> master portrait artist jonathan yeo explains how he paints a portrait in six second vines .  discover : who to choose to be your subject .  learn : how to build from basics .  remember : what to do when things go wron .
 12 injured in dallas cowboys practice arena collapse <sec> new : witness : team photographers were up in framework of structure , rode it down .  dallas cowboys ' practice facility collapses during thunderstorm , injuring 12 .  none of the injuries appears to be life-threatening , says county ems chief .  about 70 people were inside the facility when it fell , fire official say .
 connecticut police say they 've caught female bank robber <sec> police say they have heather brown , 34 , in custody .  investigators say she held up at least six banks in the past week .  she informs teller she has a bomb , but no actual bomb has been seen , police say .  police : suspect lives in norwich , connecticut , has served time for bank robber .
 miriam carey was shot five times from behind , autopsy shows <sec> in october , miriam carey was chased by authorities after an incident at a white house gate .  she was stopped by police , backed away and was shot at as she fled .  carey died later ; a 1-year-old in her car was unharmed .  family is suing government , saying officers should have held their fir .
 emmanuel emenike double leaves ethiopia in despair <sec> nigeria take 2-1 lead over nigeria in world cup playoff qualifier .  emmanuel emenike double gives nigeria crucial first leg win .  draw in return in nigeria will book place in brazil next year .  cameroon hold tunisia 0-0 in first leg of their playof .
 woman lied about role in rwanda genocide , u.s. jury says <sec> beatrice munyenyezi , 43 , was convicted of lying on her naturalization documents .  her u.s. citizenship is revoked and she will face sentencing in june .  she was not on trial for war crimes in the rwandan genocide of 199 .
 arsenal 's three-goal salvo sinks chelsea <sec> arsenal beat chelsea 3-1 in the english premier league on monday .  goals from alex song , cesc fabregas and theo walcott see off reigning champions .  chelsea managed a consolation through branislav ivanovic but their poor run continues .  arsenal move into second place , two points behind leaders manchester unite .
 barneys ' internal review of racial bias claims puts blame on nypd <sec> two barneys shoppers say they were racially profiled when accused of credit card fraud .  barneys internal review : `` employees did not request ... nor initiate '' nypd actions .  upscale retailer has a formal anti-racial-profiling policy , the report notes .  attorney for one customer dismisses report as `` damage control .
 s. korea 's final report affirms cheonan was sunk by n. korean torpedo <sec> the full report retains the conclusion found in the preliminary report .  the torpedo did not strike the ship , but its shock wave split the cheonan in two , it says .  questions remain ; north korea has denied any involvemen .
 krokodil : flesh-eating 'zombie ' drug may be in u.s . <sec> krokodil is an extremely addictive injectable opioid .  users report losing limbs and flesh after abusing the so-called `` flesh-eating '' drug .  no confirmed cases , but ones are suspected in arizona , oklahoma and illinoi .
 stimulus-funded florida bridge draws criticism <sec> proposed $ 128 million indian street bridge has been debated for 20 years .  critics say it 's wasteful because another bridge connects same two communities .  suing resident : `` the president should know ... he is getting swindled '' .  others say spending should n't be used because project is n't shovel-read .
 foreign tourists among 6 dead after thai ferry capsizes near pattaya <sec> those killed include two russians and one person from hong kong .  the ferry capsized between the popular resort of pattaya and a nearby island .  twelve people were injured , authorities sai .
 u.s. drug war in afghanistan is failing , report says <sec> it says afghan farmers are growing bumper crops of opium poppies .  opium brought in $ 3 billion in 2013 , and much of it funded terrorism , authorities say .  the report says u.s. agencies spent $ 7.6 billion to stop nation 's narcotics production .  afghanistan is the source of 80 % of the world 's illegal opium , the u.s. government say .
 rwanda genocide survivors cycle towards london 2012 <sec> rwanda 's cycling team are survivors of its 1994 genocide .  one member will compete at the 2012 olympics .  many started riding on heavy wooden bikes , used for farm transpor .
 nato cites 'significant advances ' in libya <sec> the battle for zawiya is called `` urban warfare '' .  rebel forces in tripoli are awaiting the `` zero hour , '' a spokesman says .  some gadhafi forces are going to tripoli from other fronts .  secretary of state clinton expresses optimis .
 airlines improve performance , but complaints persist <sec> a new federal report shows significant performance improvement by major airlines .  airlines set an 18-year record for on-time performance during the first half of this year .  meanwhile , complaints rose 24 % during the first half of 2012 , the report says .  industry officials say that may be because the dot has made it easier to file complaint .
 jellyfish prompt nuclear reactor shutdown in sweden <sec> jellyfish in a cooling-water intake prompted reactor shutdown , company says .  the reactor is now operational again , according to numerous media outlets .  the oskarshamn nuclear plant generates about 10 % of sweden 's electricit .
 former secretary of state warren christopher dies <sec> christopher served as secretary of state for president bill clinton .  as america 's top diplomat , he oversaw the dayton agreement ending the bosnian war .  he also led negotiations for the release of 52 american hostages in iran .  clinton describes him as a `` tenacious advocate '' for peace and freedo .
 barcelona and porto in champs quarterfinals <sec> barcelona beat lyon 5-2 in second leg to reach champions league last eight .  thierry henry on target twice as spain 's barcelona progress 6-3 on aggregate .  porto also through on away goals after goalless home leg against atletic .
 marin alsop , the first lady of the proms <sec> conductor marin alsop is the first woman to preside over the last night of the proms .  `` it 's really shocking that it 's 2013 and there are still 'firsts ' for women , '' alsop says .  in 2008 , launched `` orchkids '' which provides music education and mentorship for youngster .
 japan struggles with fukushima water leaks <sec> tainted water seeps from fukushima daiichi plant , plant owner discloses .  scientists have been warning about the problem for more than a year .  `` this is an extremely serious issue we must tackle , '' tepco says .  storing the water `` is not a sustainable solution , '' u.s. engineer say .
 katharine mcphee says 'no more ' to malaria <sec> katharine mcphee is working with malaria no more to end malaria deaths by 2015 .  mcphee 's fight against malaria started when a woman she knew in burkina faso got sick .  mcphee and a team from malaria no more traveled to burkina faso and ghana to help .  a dollar donation to the `` power of one '' campaign pays for a course of malaria treatmen .
 new debarge makes 'goodbye ' her hello <sec> kristinia debarge has a hit with `` goodbye , '' borrowed from '69 steam hit .  debarge is daughter of james debarge , of '80s r & b group debarge .  singer will be opening for britney spears on `` circus '' tou .
 hiv families relocated to cambodia 's 'aids colony ' <sec> cambodian government began relocating families last month .  last week 20 families were removed .  human rights watch releases letter signed by more than 100 organizations .  `` we are deeply disturbed by the ... creation of a de facto aids colony , '' letter read .
 oregon sheriff : 'unconstitutional ' gun control laws wo n't be enforced <sec> new : kentucky sheriff now says he would enforce gun laws approved by congress .  sheriffs ca n't choose which laws to enforce , cnn legal analyst says .  tens of thousands of facebook postings support sheriff .  the controversy is over rules the obama administration proposed wednesda .
 beaten teen had 'different attitude ' than other boys , activist says <sec> derrion albert complained that he felt threatened by others in neighborhood .  someone videotaped brutal attack that killed him thursday .  the 16-year-old was more polite than other kids , activist said .  four have been charged with murder ; suspects ' ages are 16 , 17 , 18 and 1 .
 manchester city slip up against sunderland <sec> manchester city drop vital points at home drawing 3-3 against sunderland .  manchester united will go five points clear if they beat blackburn rovers on monday .  chelsea beat aston villa 4-2 to keep up pressure on tottenham in race for fourth place .  wolves sink further into mire with 3-2 home defeat against bolton wanderer .
 gore : nobel win a chance 'to change the way people think ' <sec> new : al gore warns of `` planetary emergency , '' announces new ad campaign .  ex-president clinton says gore has warned of dangers for decades .  source : gore wo n't use prize as springboard to enter 2008 presidential race .  white house : president bush pleased that gore , u.n. panel won peace priz .
 two men killed in attacks targeting pakistan 's anti-polio program <sec> a policeman who was providing security to a polio team is killed , police say .  unknown gunmen also kill a polio worker in khyber agency , a local official says .  polio workers have come under increasing attack in pakistan in the past yea .
 british firm denies abuse at south african prison <sec> the mangaung correctional centre houses 3,000 violent offenders .  the south african government fired the british security firm that ran the prison .  officials said g4s had `` lost effective control '' of the facility .  inmates , employees accuse firm of using electric shocks , other abus .
 all who opposed iraq war must oppose syria strike <sec> van jones : yes , we want peace in syria and an end to chemical attacks .  but he says supporting a military strike on syria would be to repeat mistakes from iraq war .  jones : bush took his case to the u.n. ; obama has not presented evidence there .  he says bush had broader coalition , no plan to win peace ; obama has no plan for wa .
 hickory golfers go back to the future <sec> hickory golf is enjoying a revival in all corners of the world .  companies in the uk are paying up to $ 934 to hire hickory clubs for corporate team-building days .  the u.s. hickory open draws entrants from europe and asia with ages ranging from 20 to 70 .  last year , a chinese businessman paid $ 193,500 for 7,000 hickory club .
 blast strikes school in northwest pakistan <sec> blast targets boy 's high school in mingora , swat valley .  monday attack marks 183rd school destroyed in past six months of fighting .  hundreds of people killed in wave of violence across north west frontier provinc .
 red hot chili peppers to do super bowl halftime gig <sec> rock band will join bruno mars for halftime show .  super bowl xlviii is set for new jersey 's metlife stadium on february 2 .  nfl : super bowl halftime show is the most-watched musical event of the year .  michael jackson 's 1993 super bowl performance launched the tradition of big halftime show .
 police : suspect killed , officer shot in walmart lot <sec> the shot officer underwent surgery and is expected to make full recovery , police say .  incident began when police got report that walmart employee was attacked , statement says .  police : nine suspects , believed to be from the same family , `` immediately '' began attacking the .
 judge orders fort hood shooter to stand trial in 3 months <sec> army maj. nidal hasan is accused of killing 13 people at fort hood in 2009 .  a military judge ordered court martial proceedings to begin may 29 .  testimony in the case will begin july 1 , the judge ruled .  hasan , 42 , faces a possible death penalty , if convicte .
