 airstrikes hit isis targets in syria , iraq <sec> u.s. airstrikes kill at least 10 civilians , syrian observatory for human rights says .  only two airstrikes reported in kobani .  syrian kurdish and free syrian army forces fight isis in and around the city , reports say .  iraq 's parliament approves key government appointment .
 u.s. muslims launch ad to fight 'fear-mongering ' <sec> a new group releases a commercial in response to the new york controversy .  the spot includes a wide variety of speakers talking about islam and themselves .  the group behind the commercial officially launches it on monda .
 active twitter user celebrates 104th birthday <sec> british twitter user ivy bean , 104 , may be oldest on social networking site .  bean updates her more than 27,000 followers about ups and downs of her life .  `` i think they might be jealous , '' bean jokes about her friends .  post your comments in the sound off box belo .
 what obama could learn from bush ( opinion ) <sec> david rothkopf : both bush and obama have overseen unsettled era of post 9/11 foreign policy .  obama has made mistakes of judgment , execution , but in final 2 years he can change , he says .  how ? .  take page from bush . .  he cleaned cabinet in term 2 , admitted errors , he says .  rothkopf : obama must create change from within his administratio .
 jameel prize for art inspired by islam awarded to female fashion duo <sec> turkish fashion label dice kayek has been awarded the jameel art prize .  it is the first time a fashion designer has been nominated .  the prize honors works of art inspired by islamic traditio .
 tennis fashion brands serve up a healthy return for players <sec> tennis fashion has broadened its base to become part of the high street offering .  grand slam greats rene lacoste and fred perry launched their own clothing companies .  fellow legend bjorn borg proved a style icon and has also got his own fashion brand .  maria sharapova and roger federer have their own clothing ranges with nik .
 'transformers ' destroys competition with $ 100 million <sec> 'transformers ' fans were predominately male .  `` 22 jump street '' snagged the no . .  2 spot .  `` the amazing spider-man 2 '' crossed the $ 200 millio .
 india 's idol rituals take toll on environment <sec> hindu ritual of immersing idols in oceans , rivers and lakes is causing contamination .  paints on idols often contain toxic metals , such as lead and mercury .  pollutants contaminate plants , poison fish and irrigation and drinking water .  `` dry immersion '' suggested as a solution -- idol is sprinkled symbolically with wate .
 should you tell your kids about newtown ? <sec> the ages of your kids will determine whether you tell them about tragedies like newtown .  pick age-appropriate responses and do not lie to them about events , says an expert .  children need reassurance from parents that their schools and communities are safe .  being a calm presence for children in the face of chaos can help them process event .
 the return of dave chappelle <sec> dave chappelle plays radio city music hall in new york .  chappelle quit popular comedy show in 2005 and disappeared from public life .  he reportedly said during his act that he feels bette .
 rugby parties in dubai 's sevens heaven <sec> rugby sevens is bidding to be included in the 2016 olympics .  the recent world cup in dubai proved just how popular the sport is becoming .  wales lifted their first sevens trophy , one of a number of upset .
 u.s. in tough spot with palestinian statehood bid <sec> u.s. backs an independent palestinian state through negotiations .  palestinians will submit an application for statehood to u.n . .  u.s. officials have made it clear they will veto such a move .  behind-the-scenes negotiations are trying to avoid a move certain to evoke arab protest .
 tiger woods to return to golf at masters <sec> superstar athlete sidelined by sex scandal .  `` i feel like i 'm ready to start my season at augusta , '' he says .  woods won georgia tournament four times since 199 .
 teens ' stories echo findings of survey into drug use <sec> recovering teen drug addicts share harrowing stories with cnn .  millions of teens say they can easily find drugs , newly released study says .  25 percent of teens say they can find marijuana within an hour , study reveals .  treatment center ceo recommends drug testing during routine physical .
 u.s. announces sanctions against libya , suspends embassy operations <sec> new : u.s. will reach out to libya `` where appropriate , '' state department official says .  the u.s. government is imposing sanctions against libya and has suspended embassy operations .  u.s.-chartered ferry with around 300 people completes trip from libya to malta .  the u.s. treasury department advises banks to report unusual libyan financial transaction .
 fantasia barrino denies homewrecker charge <sec> a north carolina woman 's petition claims her husband had a year-long affair with barrino .  the wife 's filing says her husband and fantasia `` recorded their illicit sexual activity '' .  the document says fantasia told the wife : `` he do n't want you '' .  fantasia manager says the singer will `` ride out this storm .
 hillary clinton on congress : do they just not care ? <sec> hillary clinton , a former senator , questioned the current congress ' resolve to legislate . .  'the basic problem is we have lost leaders on both sides of the aisle , ' clinton said .
 nobel prize in medicine awarded to sir john gurdon and shinya yamanaka <sec> the pair 's work revolutionized the understanding of how cells and organisms develop .  it led to a practical medical use for stem cell research , without needing embryonic cells .  the nobel prize was created by swedish industrialist alfred nobel in 189 .
 travel to zimbabwe : the situation now <sec> zimbabwe has been off the mainstream tourism radar for years .  with economic improvement , the country is recapturing the attention of travelers and investors .  visitor numbers have increased 17 % in 2013 over previous year .  luxury projects include a proposed $ 70 million mall of zimbabw .
 french security advisers kidnapped in somali capital <sec> officials : two french citizens were on an official mission in the somali capital .  eyewitnesses said a group of gunmen stormed into mogadishu 's sahafi hotel .  witnesses say they were taken to bakara market , a stronghold for militant .
 official : nearly 600 soldiers in army disqualified from 'trust ' jobs <sec> 588 soldiers can not be trusted in positions such as recruiters , review finds .  soldiers ' misconduct included abuse , drunken driving , hagel-requested review says .  the senate also held a hearing on sexual assault in the military .  debate on removing sexual assault prosecution decisions from military continue .
 justices wo n't give 'bungling bank robber ' a break <sec> robber appealed 10-year sentence for discharging a gun in a bank .  weapon went off accidentally , say attorneys for christopher michael dean .  chief justice john roberts called dean 'the bunging bank robber ' .  roberts : best way to avoid sentence for gun discharge is to leave gun behin .
 the man with no memory : navy vet wakes up , speaks only swedish <sec> the man does n't recognize himself .  he does n't speak english .  a social worker tries to help him figure out his past .  doctors say he is in a 'fugue state .
 california candidate tim donnelly defends maria conchita alonso ad <sec> cuban-venezuelan actress maria conchita alonso makes ad with candidate .  tea party republican donnelly , alonzo draw criticism for the youtube video ad .  in the ad , alonso translates , and oftentimes reinterprets , donnelly 's view .
 hearing-impaired boy lives every kid 's dream : becoming a superhero <sec> marvel comics artists make anthony smith , 5 , an honorary avenger .  he inspired blue ear , who can hear faint sounds from great distances .  the challenges they faced made marvel comics superheroes what they are , editor says .  anthony will meet fellow crime-fighting partner iron man at a special event tuesda .
 shaun white : a natural board talent <sec> shaun white is the most successful snowboarder .  turned pro at 13 and won his first winter olympic gold medal at 19 .  also won olympic gold in vancouver in 2010 , has 16 'x games ' medals .  'i like that people are counting on me to do something brand new , ' he say .
 novak djokovic recruits boris becker as coach <sec> novak djokovic appoints boris becker as new head coach .  partnership will start ahead of january 's australian open .  becker won six grand slam titles during illustrious career .  german , 46 , says he is 'proud ' to have been appointed by world no.2 djokovi .
 china , russia to embrace 'best ' relationship at g-20 summit <sec> china and russia have signed energy deals , conducted joint naval exercises .  presidents xi jinping and vladimir putin have hailed sino-russian relations .  both countries are opposed to military intervention in syria .  relations between china , russia and washington have been strained in recent month .
 how santa got his reindeer <sec> reindeer are a way of life for the sami people of northern europe , says laura galloway .  an alaskan missionary helped bring reindeer to north america in the 1800s , she says .  galloway : in the 1920s an american businessman tried to popularize reindeer meat .  his marketing campaign helped create the indelible image of santa and reindeer , she say .
 iraqi lawmakers reach deal on non-u.s. troops <sec> new : deal would permit non-u.s. troops to stay into 2009 .  new : agreement would set july 31 withdrawal deadline for those troops .  u.k. examining options in case iraqi parliament does n't ok deal .  sadrists oppose any extension of the presence of foreign troops in ira .
 there 's method in chris christie 's madness <sec> chris christie has been taking steps that could offend conservatives in gop .  reihan salam : the governor 's actions strengthen his popularity in blue-state jersey .  on the surface , he says , christie 's moves would seem to harm his presidential chances .  salam : christie 's moves may be shrewd since gop brand is tarnishe .
 u.s. airlines rack up billions in baggage and change fees <sec> u.s. airlines made $ 6.16 billion in baggage and reservation change fees last year .  delta air lines made the most money in fees , collecting more than $ 1.6 billion .  the combined american-u.s. airways airline may top delta next yea .
 violence erupts after lebanese intelligence chief 's funeral <sec> new : clashes erupt in tripoli between supporters , opponents of syria 's government .  protester : `` we do n't want our prime minister to be our leader '' .  the violence comes after a series of political speeches at wissam al-hassan 's funeral .  many anti-syrian politicians in lebanon blamed syria for the assassinatio .
 iran 's president condemns anti-islam film , the violence it sparked <sec> mahmoud ahmadinejad sits down with cnn 's piers morgan in new york .  `` we do not like anyone losing their lives ... for any reason , anywhere , '' the president says .  ahmadinejad discusses the possibility of a military conflict with israel .  he speaks strongly about his views on homosexualit .
 opinion : is ted cruz american enough ? <sec> eric liu : ted cruz 's excellent birther adventure has been a moment of absurdity , irony .  liu : it is a reminder that people of color are still more likely to be presumed foreign .  he says john mccain and mitt romney never faced conspiracy theories on their origin .  liu : maybe cruz now will have greater empathy for those on the margins of american lif .
 9 more charged in mexico day-care fire <sec> arrest warrants issued for nine people in connection with mexico day-care fire .  forty-eight children died in fire ; 14 remain hospitalized .  fire started in air-conditioning unit in building , officials sa .
 beyonce releases surprise album <sec> beyonce released music with no fanfare .  just after midnight she dropped an album on itunes .  she calls it a `` visual album .
 feds roll out new ptsd benefits for veterans <sec> new va rule makes it easier for veterans to get ptsd benefits .  veterans are no longer required to documents specific events causing ptsd .  va acknowledging `` inherently stressful nature ... of military service '' .  over 400,000 veterans now receive ptsd benefit .
 batman-meets-superman movie delayed a year ; peter pan flies into slot <sec> filmmakers need more time to `` realize fully their vision , '' studio says .  the zack snyder-directed production had been scheduled for release on july 17 , 2015 . .  a peter pan film takes the release slot vacated by superman and batman .  henry cavill will reprise his superman role , while ben affleck becomes batma .
 libya military site yields possible radioactive material <sec> new : an ex-inspector says the iaea should view material marked `` radioactive '' soon .  new : algeria says it will recognize libya 's transitional government as official .  anti-gadhafi forces came upon the military site that may have radioactive material .  troops have been putting pressure on several regime holdout cities in recent day .
 custody battle brewing over florida 's zombie cat <sec> humane society says it no longer plans to return `` zombie cat '' to his owner .  bart the cat underwent jaw reconstruction , eye removal and a blood transfusion .  cat was nicknamed `` zombie cat '' because he was found dead , was buried , then found aliv .
 top militants killed in kashmir <sec> police : indian army , paramilitary forces fight militants in south kashmir .  militants belong to hizbul mujahedeen , police say .  top commander of pakistan-based harkatul mujahedeen killed separately .  indian security forces have intensified operations against militant .
 process servers can find you on facebook <sec> a court allowed a wife to serve divorce papers via facebook .  danny cevallos : why not let people be found via social media .
 'sluggish ' serena wins stanford opener <sec> serena williams wins her first match just four days after victory in the wimbledon final .  american returned to the u.s. to defend her title at stanford hard-court event .  teen opponent idolized williams as a child , and was even her ballgirl at age 12 .  williams will face south african sixth seed scheepers in quarterfinal .
 reports : russian fighter jets head to syria , which asks for more <sec> new : russia will send 10 mig-29 fighter jets , russian state media reports .  new : a syrian delegation in moscow is pressing for more fighter jets .  new : 189 are reported dead nationwide , an opposition group says .  syrian president says the balance of power favors his armed force .
 opinion : the myth of the 'jewish mother of the bomb ' <sec> priyamvada natarajan : atom bombs obliterated nagasaki and hiroshima in august 1945 .  natarajan : afterward , fission pioneer lise meinter falsely dubbed `` mother of the bomb '' .  her work laid the foundation , but she was firmly opposed to it being used for destruction .  press gave meitner a major role in the bomb , but she was overlooked for a nobe .
 george lucas impressed with 'star wars in concert ' <sec> `` star wars in concert ' features john williams ' music and scenes from films .  george lucas supported idea , though he 's quick to give credit to others .  effect of the arrangement ? .  `` it 's very powerful , '' says lucas .  `` star wars '' remains a tremendously successful franchis .
 bobbi kristina brown moved to new hospital <sec> bobby brown 's lawyer says he 's investigating `` events that led to the hospitalization '' .  bobbi kristina brown was found in a bathtub full of water over the weekend at her home .  her mother was found dead in a bathtub at a california hotel in 201 .
 from 'snl ' to wwe , the rock dominated the weekend <sec> dwayne johnson hosted `` snl '' and appeared at wrestlemania .  on `` snl , '' he played a gun-toting bambi and a bulked-up obam .
 new jersey man says he won $ 338 million powerball purse <sec> new : a new jersey man says he 's the $ 338 million powerball winner .  new : liquor store owner says the customer brought in the winning ticket .  new : lottery officials wo n't confirm the winner 's identity until the prize is claimed .  the winner chose the up-front cash option and will net about $ 151 millio .
 student infected with rare bacteria 'in high spirits , ' her father says <sec> new : an apparently less severe case is reported involving s.c. woman who had twins .  new : after surgery , the infection is `` hopefully on its way to healing , '' her husband says .  father of georgia college grad student upbeat about his daughter 's improvement .  aimee copeland , 24 , has had a leg amputated and will lose fingers , andy copeland say .
 family fights to keep business out of the toilet <sec> portable toilet business hit hard by recession , decline in construction .  florida-based family firm forced to lay off about a third of its staff , cut hours .  company owns its property outright , including all of its portable toilets , vehicles .  business model has helped company survive and ward off would-be buyer .
 clock ticking for obama 's security team <sec> defense analysts say time is of the essence in sorting out security resources .  the budget battles ahead will only be further complicated by the 2012 campaign .  his choices of panetta and petraeus to new positions have bipartisan support .  petraeus , crocker and allen worked together to turn around u.s. fortunes in ira .
 a baseball game nobody wins <sec> not one of the 37 players on the 2013 ballot will be inducted into the baseball hall of fame .  mike downey : `` you can not play baseball for a living without being good '' .  downey says there is no proof barry bonds and roger clemens broke baseball 's rules .  downey : `` baseball is not supposed to be a game in which nobody wins .
 egypt court says emergency lifted , but security forces enforcing it <sec> court announces lifting of emergency rules two days earlier than expected .  military , police say they still have n't received court 's order .  military says it 's still enforcing curfews .  emergency rules began three months ago after deadly clashes in cair .
 can malaria deaths be eradicated by 2015 ? <sec> as world malaria day approaches , many are optimistic about ending malaria deaths .  in the past two years , rapid progress has been made in malaria control .  some countries like zambia have reported a 60 percent decrease in malaria death .
 woods happier with swing ahead of pga tour return <sec> tiger woods says he has worked hard on his swing with coach sean foley .  the former world no . .  1 finished 40th at the masters , his worst finish there as a pro .  woods will return at the wells fargo championship beginning thursda .
 man 's family releases video of his death from police car dashcam <sec> marlon brown died on may 8 after he was run over by a deland , florida , police officer .  the police officer was fired , but a grand jury decided not to indict him .  outraged , his family released dashcam video of his death .  the family want the police officer to face criminal charge .
 get texts from your 'invisible boyfriend ' <sec> online service `` invisible boyfriend '' creates a virtual romance with a fake person .  new service will send you messages from a phantom mate .  it costs $ 24.99 a month ; includes 100 text messages , voice mails and mor .
 u.s. businessman held hostage by his workers in china , he says <sec> the u.s. embassy in beijing says starnes is safe and has access to lawyers .  starnes and the workers have conflicting accounts about the problem .  employees say they 're owed back pay and fear the plant will shut down .  starnes says workers transferred to another division want severance pa .
 haneke finally crowned king of cannes <sec> `` the white ribbon , '' by austrian director michael haneke , wins cannes .  haneke : palme d'or is the best prize a filmmaker can win .  jury member , robin wright penn , dismisses claims they were split over winne .
 tv movie on 'green river killer ' leads to id of remains of woman missing since '82 <sec> a cousin watches lifetime 's `` the capture of the green river killer '' in april .  the family recalls how sandra denise major went missing in seattle in 1982 .  major 's remains are identified after family members give dna samples .  gary leon ridgway admitted killing 49 persons , mainly runaways and prostitute .
 how to throw a 1920s party worthy of gatsby himself <sec> much-anticipated adaptation of `` the great gatsby '' hits theaters on may 10 .  cnn asked ireporters to share their 1920s-themed parties and tips .  some hosted lavish affairs ; others recreated `` gatsby '' on a budget .  the no.1 party-hosting tip ? .  pay attention to your guest lis .
 john king : debate all about trust for romney <sec> campaign 's defining question is who voters trust to handle economy .  romney faces same question all challengers do -- is he credible alternative ? .  obama faces challenge of showing how next four years would be different from last four .  bottom line is the debate rests on which of two men on stage are more persuasiv .
