 ferguson fallout : protesters interrupt holder 's speech <sec> new : st. louis county police say a rams official apologized ; the rams deny .  st. louis rams coach says players were exercising free speech rights .  attorney general eric holder says he 'll announce new guidance on racial profiling .  he praises protesters who interrupted his speec .
 is the darknet a glimpse into the web of the future ? <sec> the darknet is an anonymised section of the net where users can operate without leaving their digital fingerprints .  the darknet attracts the internet 's fringe dwellers , from criminal syndicates to human rights activists and dissidents .  an art group has armed an internet bot to spend $ 100 in bitcoins a week on random articles .  so far the bot as bought everything from cigarettes to illicit drug .
 chinese moms vs. western moms : is there a mother superior ? <sec> mom wendy sachs reacts to amy chua 's editorial on superiority of chinese moms .  she says u.s. working mothers have neither the desire nor time to run an extreme household .  `` it 's more practical and better for everyone to have kids tutored by anyone but us .
 oliver fisher : from plastic putters to pro <sec> oliver fisher is a 20-year-old english pro playing on the european tour .  he has recorded five top 10 tour finishes but is yet to take a title .  fisher : `` i know that i can do it ... .  i 'm good enough to shoot the scores to win .
 aid falling short in flood-devastated pakistan <sec> new : the united nations seeks $ 1.6 billion more for flood victims .  pakistan 's crisis continues to unfold .  about 20 million people were affected by the massive floodin .
 florida state rallies to beat auburn in thrilling bcs title game <sec> florida state scored 24 points in the second half to win its third national title .  heisman trophy winner jameis winston leads rally with two td passes .  next season the bcs switches to a four-team playof .
 'well control ' problems reported in march , bp e-mails show <sec> bp won delay in blowout preventer test .  bp director says issues under investigation .  hearings raise questions about well casing , cement .  rig cuts caused maintenance backlog , mechanic say .
 local , hemispheric issues on table at americas summit <sec> western hemisphere leaders arriving at cartagena , colombia , for sixth summit of the americas .  leaders of some latin american nations are hoping to challenge u.s. priorities .  colombian president says latin america wants to draw u.s. attention toward region .  u.s. president barack obama arrives frida .
 airport body scanners : are they safe ? <sec> the transportation security administration maintains the machines are safe .  the backscatter dose is `` comparable '' to one minute of exposure to cosmic radiation .  a critic complains the study was based on tsa data instead of independent testin .
 'noah ' : roundup of the flood of reviews <sec> darren aronofsky 's `` noah '' opens today .  critics applaud the effort , even if they do n't think it entirely works .  one calls the film one of the most ambitious he has see .
 spooked savers empty bank accounts <sec> savers at leading uk mortgage bank lined up to empty their accounts .  northern rock was bailed out by the bank of england a day earlier .  reassurances that banks was safe have gone unheeded by man .
 prison officials sniffing out contraband cell phones <sec> texas is among a growing number of states going after contraband cell phones .  savvy inmates , outside accomplices , corrupt guards make problem a thorny one .  bill cracking down on contraband phones clears texas legislature .  other states training dogs to sniff out phones , seeking feds ' help in jamming signal .
 former mexican president calls for legalizing marijuana <sec> changes in drug policy must be done in conjunction with the u.s. , vicente fox says .  former mexico president compares drug battle to prohibition in the 1920s .  call for a change prompted by surge in drug-related violence in mexic .
 alaska hunter mauled by bear survives 36 hours in wilderness <sec> a nearby hunter happened to be a medical professional and helped save the man .  the attack took place in northern alaska , about 35 , miles north of anaktuvuk pass .  helicopter teams had to turn back several times due to dense fog and weather .  the man was in stable condition at a fairbanks hospita .
 beyond the drama : five questions for elizabeth gilbert <sec> elizabeth gilbert 's memoir `` eat , pray , love '' sold an estimated 10 million copies .  she chose fiction for her latest book , which follows a 19th-century female botanist .  the author says you ca n't invent drama when you 're living drama , which she was .  gilbert says she 's enjoying her 40s much more than any other period in her lif .
 serial liar stephen glass lacks morals to be lawyer , court rules <sec> stephen glass is denied admission to california bar .  court says he lacks moral character to be lawyer .  glass admits fabricating magazine articles in 1990s .  glass , 41 , is a paralegal in beverly hill .
 the whole world in her hands <sec> kim soerensen has been collecting globes since 2002 .  she is a 'globe scout ' in the us for european museums .  her store omniterrum has sold globes ranging from $ 25 to $ 150,00 .
 coalition airstrikes continue thursday in tripoli <sec> new : officials invite journalists to tour damaged house , but ca n't find it .  tripoli suburb of tajura is struck , a government official says .  coalition effort is not `` a land invasion , '' according to u.s. official .  hospital patients and doctors paralyzed by fea .
 north korea holds big parade on anniversary of dead leader 's birth <sec> new : state television shows a large military parade in pyongyang .  kim died in december and has been succeeded by his son , kim jong un .  thursday is the first of two big occasions for north korea in the early months of 2012 .  in april , the country will mark the 100th anniversary of the birth of its founder , kim il sun .
 egypt : prosecutors to appeal after mubarak verdict <sec> a judge dropped charges against mubarak in the deaths of hundreds of protesters .  he was previously convicted and sentenced to life in prison , but appealed .  `` our children 's blood is n't cheap , '' the mother of one of the slain protesters says .  mubarak is still serving a three-year sentence for embezzlemen .
 witness , zimmerman attorneys address key questions in trayvon shooting <sec> a witness speaks to cnn for a second time , offering new details of the shooting .  she says she is certain it was a younger voice yelling for help .  members of zimmerman 's legal team question the witness ' recollectio .
 oscar winners cruz , bardem marry <sec> wedding took place in the bahamas in early july .  publicist : it was an intimate affair with close friends .  both bardem and cruz are oscar-winning actor .
 panel investigating mishandling of military remains to meet <sec> service members ' body parts incinerated , buried with medical waste .  mortuary at dover air force base handles remains of returning war dead .  an earlier report found mismanagement at the mortuar .
 obama 's credit card declined at fancy restaurant <sec> the president says his credit card was declined while he was out to dinner with the first lady .  `` i guess i do n't use it enough , so they thought there was some fraud going on , '' he said friday .  `` luckily , michelle had hers , '' he said , adding `` that i 've really been paying my bills '' .  he told the story to workers at the consumer financial protection bureau on frida .
 lawmakers disagree on prisons ' role in islamic radicalization <sec> rep. peter king cites `` real and present '' danger of radicalization of prisoners .  but some democrats on house committee dispute claims .  los angeles police official says `` we are on the front end '' of growing proble .
 after long fight , vietnam vet gets his due on the wall <sec> marine gunnery sgt . .  enrique valdez 's name added to vietnam veterans memorial .  valdez died from wounds suffered in august 1969 .  his family worked for years to have his name added to the memoria .
 just did it : sports star michael jordan engaged <sec> couple has been seen at various high-profile public events in recent years .  jordan led the chicago bulls to six championships -- two three-peats -- in the 1990s .  marriage would be jordan 's second ; he and juanita jordan divorced in 200 .
 opinion : history lessons : americans fear an iran with the bomb <sec> rick santorum and joel c. rosenberg believe that iran is engaging in the same deception as hitler did .  they say that the president never should have agreed to ease sanctions .  greater pressure on iran will make war less likely , they argu .
 palin hits the trail for mccain <sec> `` everybody here ... we are all part of that tea party movement , '' palin says .  sarah palin , john mccain make first joint appearance since conceding 2008 election .  mccain faces primary challenge from former rep. j.d . .  hayworth .  hayworth calls palin appearance `` very understandable level of gratitude .
 nadal has chance of history in rome ; henin reaches stuttgart final <sec> rafael nadal seeks to equal andre agassi 's record of 17 masters 1000 tournament titles .  spaniard faces compatriot david ferrer in final of the rome masters on sunday .  world no . .  3 overcomes roger federer 's conqueror ernests gulbis 6-4 3-6 6-4 in semis .  comeback queen justine henin plays samantha stosur in final of women 's event in stuttgar .
 son sues rebels over father 's slaying in colombia <sec> son of a former colombian senator and u.n. ambassador is seeking millions of dollars in damages .  in a florida civil case , he is suing colombian rebel groups he says kidnapped and killed his father .  attorney : `` people should not forget the horrific acts of brutality .
 pet store expecting fish delivery gets man 's body <sec> body of jon kenoyer delivered to pets plus in philadelphia , pennsylvania .  intended for delivery to life quest anatomical in allentown , pennsylvania .  pet store expected shipment of seahorses , anemones , and corals .  `` he 's just playing the last practical joke on me , '' says wido .
 # pirate ? tracking modern buccaneers through twitter <sec> pirates are using twitter , facebook and other social media to do their business .  security analysts are using social media chatter to better understand the pirate trade .  in 2011 , the total cost of piracy to the shipping industry was estimated at $ 7 billion .  `` somalia ... has one of the best mobile phone communication systems in the world .
 cities reinvent columbus day to honor indigenous people <sec> seattle and minneapolis will celebrate indigenous people 's day on columbus day .  many states and cities already do not recognize columbus day as a public holiday .  the move offends some italian-americans , who celebrate their heritage on columbus da .
 shamus to the stars gets 15 years in prison <sec> anthony pellicano , disgraced p.i . .  to the stars , gets no credit for time served .  he was convicted of wiretapping , conspiracy and racketeering .  snooping targets included comedian garry shandling , mogul 's ex-wif .
 gallery : 10 best dressed celebrity brides <sec> a christian dior designer created a dip-dyed silk faille gown specifically for stefani .  the gown kelly wore to marry monaco 's prince rainier was a parting gift from mgm .  degeneres and derossi wore zac posen at their 2008 ceremon .
 psy apologizes for viral anti-american lyrics <sec> south korean pop star psy apologized for what he called `` inflammatory '' lyrics .  psy rapped in 2004 : 'kill those f -- -ing yankees who have been torturing iraqi captives ' .  the lyrics , posted in october on cnn ireport , exploded on blogs , social media months later .  psy : 'i will be forever sorry for any pain i have caused by those words .
 greeting cards target captive audience <sec> new series of greeting cards is geared toward prison inmates .  study shows the u.s. prison and jail population is rapidly growing .  card creator is selling her cards online and through store .
 prosecutors considering death penalty in abortion doctor case <sec> prosecutors may seek the death penalty against abortion doctor kermit gosnell .  gosnell faces murder charges for seven babies and one 41-year-old woman .  authorities allege infants were born alive and then killed with scissor .
 football first as babel on fa charge after twitter mock-up <sec> ryan babel is the first footballer to be charged by fa over a twitter posting .  babel used a mock-up picture of referee howard webb and made derogatory comments .  the dutch international could face a ban if found guilty of charge .
 hijacking off tanzania shows expansion of pirate activity , navy says <sec> 5 pirates board the mv panama friday off tanzania .  naval officials called it an `` extreme southerly attack '' .  fate of the 23 crew members is unknow .
 five-a-side : should cristiano ronaldo stay or go ? <sec> cristiano ronaldo linked with big move from manchester united to real madrid .  move would likely make portuguese forward the world 's most expensive player .  united have urged ronaldo to stay , say moving to spain would be a mistake .  let us know what you think by commenting belo .
 fda to expand warnings about potentially contaminated drugs <sec> new : compounding center 's chief pharmacist surrenders license in tenn . .  fda listing more sites that used drugs from the compounding center .  center has been source of products associated with 23 deaths .  some injectable drugs used in surgeries are of concern , fda say .
 devastating nigeria attacks show growing reach of boko haram <sec> boko haram seems intent on destroying nigeria .  attacks have shown it can coordinate operations .  boko haram is also forcing thousands of christians from hotspot areas .  its ultimate ambition could now be creating its twisted version of god 's kingdom on earth .
 move over bieber -- gangnam is new youtube king <sec> psy edged out the teenage pop star for the distinction of most-watched youtube video .  he netted more than 806 million views .  the portly south korean 's four-minute video drew a deluge of online viewer .
 little progress made as syria peace talks close in switzerland <sec> u.k. foreign minister says talks face `` a serious setback '' and blames regime .  obama and jordan 's king discuss u.n. sanction to pressure syrian regime .  senior u.s. official , sen. mccain blame russia for little progress in talks .  u.n. mediator says he 's very sorry `` we have n't done very much .
 big scares for djokovic and federer at french open <sec> world no . .  1 novak djokovic rallies from 2-0 down to reach french open quarterfinals .  serbian beats 25th-ranked italian andreas seppi in more than four hours at roland garros .  third seed roger federer also comes from behind to beat belgian debutant david goffin .  federer joins andre agassi on 36 last-eight appearances in grand slam tournament .
 pakistan : several taliban killed after school massacre <sec> security forces : at least five militants and two suspected militants are killed saturday .  the taliban insurgents are killed in and around peshawar .  taliban gunmen killed 145 people , including 132 children , at a school in peshawar .  also saturday : drone strike kills 5 suspected militants in north wazirista .
 obama , keep your vow to close gitmo <sec> vince warren : another gitmo anniversary , the 11th , comes with vows to close it unmet .  warren : hundreds of locked up men have lost years of their lives ; nine have died .  86 were cleared for release in 2009 but languish there as obama does nothing , he says .  warren : 48 are under unjust , illegal policy of indefinite detention without charge or tria .
 cameron suffers defeat in brussels <sec> europe 's leaders nominate jean-claude juncker as president of the european commission .  last month , the european election revealed cracks in the continent-wide bloc .  angela merkel and david cameron clashed over merkel 's support for juncker .  cameron forced a vote on issue , but only hungarian pm viktor orban backed hi .
 petra , built for the sun gods ? <sec> a new study claims the ruins at petra , jordan were built to align with the sun during the solstices and equinoxes .  despite the breadth of the ruins , only 85 % have ever been excavated .  little is known about the function of many of petra 's structures .  the study 's leader hopes his findings will shed new light on how petra functione .
 oscar pistorius trial : what 's next ? <sec> a surprise order for mental testing for oscar pistorius raises questions for his trial .  testing will last at least 30 days , pushing off the end of the trial .  a prosecution move for mental observation is very unusual .  how the move affects pistorius and the verdict depends on what experts decid .
 what counts as a 'real name ' on facebook ? <sec> facebook temporarily reactivates hundreds of profiles after meeting with activists .  lgbt performers cry foul over facebook policy requiring them to use their real names .  policy worries others who use pseudonyms or fake names for safety , privacy concerns .  facebook says enforcing real identities helps keep the community saf .
 arshavin sinks barcelona with emirates winner <sec> arsenal beat barcelona 2-1 at the emirates in champions league last 16 tie .  goals from robin van persie and andrey arshavin give gunners come from behind win .  david villa put catalian giants ahead in the 26th from a pass by lionel messi .  shakhtar donetsk win 3-2 at as roma in their first leg ti .
 life-size titanic replica planned for chinese theme park <sec> the life-size titanic ship will permanently dock in daying county , sichuan province .  an iceberg collision simulation and historical museum will be included .  the 270-meter structure will cost $ 165 million and take two years to complet .
 'hit man ' hatton quits boxing <sec> ricky hatton has retired from boxing for a second time .  the 'hit man ' was defeated by vyacheslav senchenko .  hatton had hoped to relaunch his career after three-year absence .  boxer admits : `` it 's the end of ricky hatton . .
 violence in mexico claims small-town mayor <sec> hector ariel meixueiro munoz , 53 , was mayor of namiquipa in northern mexico .  fellow mayor : he `` was fighting crime , he had received several threats '' .  unlike mayors of bigger cities , mayors of smaller towns often ca n't afford security .  the incident has put other officials state of chihuahua on aler .
 the 5th circuit court 's insult to obama <sec> obama 's remarks about `` judicial activism '' have received a wide range of reactions .  laurence tribe : no doubt that president has utmost respect for judicial authority .  he says 5th circuit judge misused power by ordering agency to explain remarks .  tribe : distortion of obama 's words undermines open debate about vital issue .
 apparently this matters : manternity photos <sec> justin sylvester had maternity photos taken of himself .  all the images depict him doing stereotypical maternity photo poses .  shortly after he put them online , his photos went vira .
 death toll climbs as protests escalate in egypt <sec> new : death toll climbs to nine in egyptian clashes , the health ministry says .  military calls peaceful protests `` a right to all people '' .  protesters demand an end to military rule .  they are angered by a violent riot at soccer match this wee .
 how south korea made itself cool ( opinion ) <sec> jeff yang : for many years , i was never one of the cool kids , part of the in crowd .  yang : i was surprised when japanese and hong kong pop culture became popular .  he says south korea is now hot -- with k-pop , samsung , `` gangnam style , '' movies .  yang : latest korean cool can be sampled at kcon this weekend in los angele .
 uk 's prince harry deployed to afghanistan <sec> new : harry will be treated like any other soldier and is proud to serve , palace spokesman says .  his presence in afghanistan is expected to boost morale among uk forces .  `` he will be in a difficult and demanding job , '' a commander at camp bastion says .  scandal hit the prince last month after he was photographed naked in las vega .
 vaccine court finds no link to autism <sec> u.s. vaccine court found no connection between vaccines and autism in 3 cases .  cases alleged that vaccines with thimerosal contributed to autism spectrum disorders .  a panel of `` special masters '' began hearing 3 other test cases in 200 .
 obama : new walls need tearing down <sec> u.s. presidential candidate barack obama gives speech in germany .  obama : berlin 's history offers hope for the future .  obama : remove walls between religions , races , and the rich and poor .  trip is intended to shore up obama 's foreign policy credential .
