 cnn debate : what to watch for <sec> expect front-runner mitt romney to be the target of his rivals .  all eyes will be on newt gingrich to see if he can get his troubled campaign restarted .  undeclared candidate michele bachmann has opportunity to prove her bona fides .  debates give lesser-known candidates a chance to shine , woo potential convert .
 who are middle east 's most influential women ? <sec> tell us which women from the middle east inspire you most .  do you admire women artists , activists , politicians or business leaders ? .  arab spring has given some women a chance to shine more than eve .
 india rape victim 's family wants hospital in her village <sec> a new hospital would keep the victim 's memory alive and serve a purpose , her brother says .  he describes his sister as `` cheerful '' but says she scolded him if he neglected schoolwork .  india needs tougher laws on rape , the brother say .
 student , 17 , arrested in jessica ridgeway murder <sec> formal charges against austin reed sigg , 17 , expected to be filed monday .  jessica ridgeway , 10 , disappeared on her way to school on october 5 .  one of her great-grandmothers expresses her outrage over the murde .
 kiessling hat-trick lifts leverkusen <sec> unbeaten bayer leverkusen beat stuttgart 4-0 in bundesliga .  stefan kiessling scores a hat-trick as leverkusen to top again in germany .  new : bayern munich beat hannover 3-0 in sunday 's late game to go fourt .
 human rights group : arab governments using violent crackdowns <sec> new : sudan responds that it protects the right to demonstrate .  human rights watch official says governments are using repression and intimidation .  group cites palestinian leadership , saudi arabia , sudan , syria , the uae , and yemen .  yemeni spokesman says protests in his country have been generally peacefu .
 hotshots : africa 's most exciting new photographers <sec> jepchumba is the founder of african digital art .  here she chooses eight of africa 's best up-and-coming photographers .  `` african photographers are giving voice to their own experiences , '' she say .
 balotelli double sends italy through to euro 2012 final <sec> mario balotelli scores both goals as italy beat germany 2-1 .  balotelli scores twice in first-half to set-up sunday final with spain .  manchester city striker now joint leading goalscorer at euro 2012 .  mesut ozil scores late penalty for german .
 nfl fines seattle 's richard sherman for taunting <sec> the all-pro cornerback is fined $ 7,875 .  nfl does n't specify whether fine is for on-field or off-field conduc .
 5 things you can learn from jay-z 's career <sec> one of the reasons jay-z is so successful is because he has followed his passions , author says .  jay-z knows how to market himself and his various ventures .  by managing his private life well , more focus is on jay-z 's music than his marriag .
 tutu : poverty fueling terror <sec> tutu : global `` war on terror '' ca n't be won if people in `` desperate '' conditions .  archbishop tells cnn poverty , disease , ignorance fueling conflict .  nobel laureate says myanmar government `` running scared .
 spain 's unemployment rate climbs to record high <sec> spain 's unemployment rate climbs to a new record high of 27.2 % .  the total number of unemployed people is now 6.2 million , official figures show .  anti-austerity protesters are due to march on the spanish parliament thursda .
 ukraine suffering the world does n't see ( opinion ) <sec> radoslaw rzehak : about 1.7 million children affected by conflict in ukraine .  rzehak : social systems are collapsing and children are bearing the brun .
 mubarak 's sons released from prison <sec> hosni mubarak 's two sons have been released from prison .  they had served the maximum pretrial detention .  they face embezzlement charge .
 beijing flood victims fume at official response <sec> residents of beijing 's fangshan district are angry at authorities ' response .  water marks some two meters high are visible on the exterior walls of a dozen houses .  some villagers blame local officials for decision to cover a former waterway with concrete .  authorities insist on need to prioritize effort ; district has 800,000 affected resident .
 new force for broad immigration reform : conservative evangelicals <sec> some conservative evangelical leaders call arizona 's new immigration law misguided .  they want federal reform that includes path to citizenship for illegal immigrants .  they 're trying to persuade rank-and-file evangelicals to get on board .  many evangelicals call push for reform biblically based ; some want gop to woo hispanic .
 jennifer love hewitt expecting first child <sec> actress jennifer love hewitt is expecting her first child with actor brian hallisay .  hewitt and hallisay are co-stars on lifetime 's `` the client list '' .  `` we are looking forward to starting our family together , '' the couple said in a statemen .
 woman arrested at britney spears ' home <sec> authorities say woman in camouflaged fatigues was peering into the windows .  sheriff 's department : miranda tozier-robbins also had a backpack , video equipment .  security personnel physically escorted her off the property .  she was booked on charges of trespassing and disorderly conduc .
 'price is right ' model accidentally gives away car <sec> `` the price is right '' gives away a car ... accidentally .  a model makes a big mistake during a game .  host drew carey thought the error was hilariou .
 texas governor lashes out over immigration crisis - cnnpolitics.com <sec> obama 's decision not to tour border facilities is compared to bush 's katrina response .  americans `` expect to see their president when there is a disaster , '' texas governor says .  but obama says such a trip would have been little more than a photo op .  the president wants $ 3.7 billion in emergency funds to deal with the crisi .
 which cities lose cell phones the most , and when ? <sec> 95 % of the time , people who find lost smartphones try to access sensitive data , research shows .  in 2011 , phone losses around the world spiked on christmas and new year 's eve .  smartphone security company estimates average smartphone replacement cost is $ 200 .  philadelphia , seattle top list of cities where phones are lost the mos .
 respond to north korea with renewed talks <sec> charles armstrong says north korean attack confronts the world with difficult options .  sanctions have failed , military action could be disastrous ; talks the least bad choice , he says .  north korea may be trying to show it 's a force to be reckoned with , armstrong says .  talks could reveal what it will take to get pyongyang to abandon nukes , he say .
 u.s. drought biggest since 1956 , climate agency says <sec> illinois gov . .  pat quinn calls it a `` natural disaster of epic proportions '' .  nearly 70 % of the u.s. is in some state of drought , a climate agency says .  the 55 % in moderate or worse drought is worst since 1956 , agency says .  the area in severe drought jumps to nearly 32 % from 23 % the month befor .
 meet vanuatu 's fearless land jumpers <sec> for three months of the year , vanuatu 's pentecost island hosts dramatic land-diving ceremonies .  divers climb 100-foot towers , tie vines to their ankles and leap headfirst to the ground .  concussions , ruptured spleens and broken vertebrae are commo .
 ntsb : jet pulled 'alongside ' small aircraft in march incident <sec> the march 27 incident was publicized days after it happened .  details released friday show planes came within 0.1 miles of each other .  incident happened 11,000 feet over central florida .  controllers asked jetliner to check on small plane unresponsive to radio call .
 venezuela expels israeli ambassador <sec> expulsion is in protest of israeli strike against palestinians , minister says .  venezuelan government statement condemned `` flagrant violations '' by israel .  president hugo chavez calls israeli army `` cowards '' .  israeli spokesman says venezuela has given `` automatic support '' to extremist .
 costa concordia reveals its darkest secrets <sec> a year ago sunday , a luxury cruise liner capsized off the italian coast claiming 32 lives .  a new report sheds light on how some of the doomed ship 's victims died .  the island of giglio is made famous for the tragedy on its shores , says dan rivers .  the salvage operation is the biggest ever undertake .
 white house chief of staff stepping down <sec> new : democratic sources cite reasons for daley 's decision to step down .  president obama announces white house chief of staff bill daley is resigning .  daley will be replaced by jack lew , the white house budget director .  a source says daley will remain on the job through januar .
 veteran screener at new york 's jfk airport charged with grand larceny <sec> port authority police set up a sting at new york 's jfk airport .  passengers were complaining of electronic devices being taken from luggage .  two ipads were planted in a checked bag as part of the sting .  a tsa screener was arrested after , police say , the ipads were found in his backpac .
 tracking down torture in syria <sec> ole solvang : report based on more than 200 interviews tells about syrian government torture .  syrian authorities are running a network of underground detention facilities , he says .  solvang : with this information now public , syrian authorities ' crimes will not stay secret .  the question now , solvang says , is : who will hold those responsible to account .
 opinion : should we trust twitter ? <sec> douglas rushkoff : twitter users appalled by ban of reporter 's access after anti-nbc tweets .  rushkoff : it 's no surprise -- twitter a corporation with concerns besides users .  he says it sends message to corporate partners : ask us how to ban users that offend .  rushkoff : users who do n't want to depend on twitter should explore and/or build alternative .
 tuck into south africa 's meaty delights for a world cup feast <sec> south africans love to cook lots of meat at outdoor barbecues known as `` braais '' .  popular foods include spicy sausages called `` boerewors , '' lamb chops and `` pap '' .  a cured meat similar to beef jerky known as `` biltong '' is also popular as a snack .  south africa has plenty of fresh produce available , so do n't be a nervous eate .
 court , let voters decide on gay marriage <sec> ken klukowski : cases heard by supreme court could result in momentous change .  he says there are questions of whether cases could be tossed because of special circumstances .  if court issues sweeping ruling , it could deprive voters of chance to weigh in .  klukowski : gay marriage is such a new phenomenon that court should n't freeze the debat .
 death toll rises to 98 in pakistan attacks <sec> new : intelligence warned of possible lahore attack .  militants said to be from waziristan tribal region .  98 dead , 110 wounded in friday 's attacks .  attackers targeted houses of worship for persecuted sec .
 klitschko : why i sold my olympic gold medal for $ 1m <sec> wladimir klitschko tells cnn his gold at the atlanta olympics is one of his career highlights .  current wba , wbo , ibf and ibo champ took gold in the super heavyweight division in 1996 .  the 36-year-old auctioned his medal for $ 1 million to help his charitable foundation .  klitschko says he will fight again before the end of this yea .
 syria to place blame for houla massacre <sec> `` sanctions , expulsions of diplomats -- this is not diplomacy , '' jaafari says .  u.s. says `` not ambiguous '' that militias carried out massacre on behalf of syrian government .  germany 's u.n. ambassador : `` militarization , for us , is not an option '' .  u.n. observer mission reports 13 bound bodies found in deir ezzo .
 'carlos the jackal ' on trial for 1980s bombings in france <sec> `` i am a professional revolutionary , '' ramirez says in court .  after 17 years , ramirez `` has n't learned '' a thing , an attorney says .  the attacks took place in 1982 and 1983 and killed 11 people .  ramirez was captured in 1994 in sudan after two decades on the ru .
 24 hours in paris : save time for a smooch in the city of romance <sec> it 's difficult to truly appreciate paris with one eye on your watch , so slow down ! .  wander through its historic areas , still popular with artists and intellectuals .  treat yourself to breakfast at ladurée , end the day with champagn .
 taliban video shows 17 beheaded pakistani soldiers <sec> a taliban video claims to show 17 beheaded soldiers .  a senior pakistani official confirms that they were soldiers .  they were captured during a fight on june 2 .
 was 'white widow ' samantha lewthwaite involved in kenya mall attack ? <sec> interpol issues a red notice -- an international wanted alert -- for lewthwaite .  official : a woman may have been among attackers , but identity unknown .  lewthwaite was married to one of the bombers who attacked london in 2005 .  they say she became part of a terror cell linked to the somali group al-shabaa .
 first daughters balance privilege and pressure <sec> luci johnson describes being a first daughter as an `` extraordinary privilege '' .  it was `` the best of times and sometimes the worst of times , '' she says .  first daughters often followed by media for remainder of their lives .  the pressure on first daughters has intensified over the years , historian say .
 u.s. enters libya , leaves iraq <sec> last week saw death of gadhafi , plan to withdraw all u.s. troops from iraq .  michael hayden : u.s. is ramping up its responsibility in one arab country , leaving another .  he says it 's vital to make sure libya does n't turn into a `` somalia on the mediterranean '' .  hayden : rulers in syria , yemen , iran will draw lessons from fate of gadhaf .
 north korea qualifies for 2010 world cup <sec> north korea qualify from group 2 with 0-0 draw against saudi arabia .  australia top group 1 of asian qualifying with 2-1 win over japan .  bahrain clinch playoff spot from group 1 with 1-0 win over uzbekista .
 actor banderas launches moto2 team <sec> hollywood actor antonio banderas launches new moto2 team for this season .  the moto2 series is the division below motorcyling 's elite motogp class .  riders kenny noyes and joan olive will compete for the new team in qata .
 bogeyless noh takes lead and breaks record at tpc louisiana <sec> noh seung-yul goes 54 holes without a bogey at zurich classic .  korean is first golfer to achieve three consecutive unblemished rounds at tpc louisiana course .  noh overtakes overnight leader ben martin who slips into tie for fourt .
 guatemalan official : mcafee detained , could be deported to belize <sec> john mcafee could be deported to belize thursday , a guatemalan official says .  guatemalan immigration authorities detained him wednesday .  mcafee 's lawyer has filed a request for asylum with the guatemalan governmen .
 opinion : putin , a hypocrite on snowden , navalny <sec> frida ghitis : nsa spying revelations have brought joy to world 's violators of human rights .  ghitis : while russia convicts corruption-fighter alexei navalny , it defends snowden .  she says navatny is the most prominent of a long series of politically-motivated prosecutions .  ghitis : putin is basking in moral relativism , feeling his abuses are ok by criticizing u.s. spyin .
 republican odds for winning senate next year just improved <sec> former democratic montana gov . .  brian schweitzer decides he wo n't run for senate .  schweitzer was a favorite because of name recognition and electoral success in red state .  recent reports have tied schweitzer to nonprofit group with questions about practices .  democrats are defending far more senate seats in 2014 than republican .
 champions league : arsenal held by besiktas <sec> arsenal finish with 10-men in 0-0 draw at besiktas .  aaron ramsey sent off and will miss second leg .  napoli held 1-1 by athletic bilbao .  bayer leverkusen defeats fc copenhagen 3-2 in denmar .
 five reasons immigration reform is n't close to the finish line <sec> house republicans oppose the comprehensive bill passed by the senate .  a key sticking point is the pathway to citizenship for undocumented immigrants .  lack of trust is another obstacle , as gop legislators remember the 1986 bill .  gop sen. mccain calls for the house to negotiate a compromis .
 amazon road project put on hold by bolivian president <sec> the suspension follows 41 days of protests .  violence broke out between demonstrators and police sunday .  a referendum is required for the project to restart .  the road would run through the amazon rainfores .
 poetry hunters bring art into digital age <sec> badilisha poetry x-change is the world 's largest archive of african poets .  poets featured on the `` mobile first '' site must be african or have a strong link to the continent .  70 % of mobile users in sub-saharan africa , according to ericsson consumer report .  each poet profile includes a bio , photo , text poems and audio podcast .
 japan wins women 's world cup over u.s. on penalty kicks <sec> new : the u.s. goalkeeper says she feels `` something bigger '' was pulling for japan .  both the u.s. and japanese teams scored goals in extra time , tying the score 2-2 .  japan was a sentimental favorite after a devastating earthquake and tsunami .  the victory gives the asian nation its first ever world cup titl .
 10 hotel rooms where history was made <sec> the stanley in colorado inspired stephen king to write `` the shining '' .  author ian fleming penned several james bond thrillers at goldeneye in jamaica .  john and yoko made the fairmont queen elizabeth famous with their 1969 bed-i .
 the weirdest things recently found on mars <sec> mars reconnaissance orbiter continues to send new images to earth .  pictures highlight unusual topography .  images use 'false color ' to highlight important feature .
 iran executes militant group leader <sec> state media : leader of militant group hanged after being convicted of committing 79 crimes .  abdolmalek rigi was arrested in february .  rigi headed jundallah , which means `` soldiers of god '' .  iran has blamed jundallah for deadly bombings , abductions and targeted killing .
 simoncelli ends motogp nightmare with spanish pole <sec> marco simoncelli claims pole position for the first time in a motogp event .  italian rider heads off casey stoner to earn first place on grid for sunday 's race .  he had been warned after causing an accident in le mans a fortnight ago .  that incident saw dani pedrosa break his collarbone and miss his home race in spai .
 opinion : after karzai , afghanistan at perilous crossroads <sec> afghanistan heads to polls saturday , but concerns voiced about likely electoral irregularities .  ballot is nonetheless a watershed moment in the country 's history , andrew hammond writes .  new government must keep washington on side , while not torpedoing peace talks with taliban - hammond .  if u.s.-led forces withdraw completely in 2014 , collapse of government becomes probability , he add .
 mummified cat walled up in 17th century 'witch 's cottage ' <sec> mummified cat found sealed inside wall of cottage hidden beneath earth mound .  discovery in shadow of pendle hill , home to one of england 's most notorious witch trials .  experts say superstitious residents may have buried cat alive to ward off evil spirit .
 in nigeria , abducting scores of girls from school is n't shocking <sec> officials revise total number of girls kidnapped to at least 230 .  this poor corner of nigeria is no stranger to such brazen , violent acts .  boko haram-related violence killed 1,500 in the first three months of 2014 .  the latest incident has ratcheted up pressure on the militar .
 kbr charged with bribing nigerian officials for contracts <sec> feds : kbr bribed nigerian government for `` billions of dollars in contracts '' .  22-page document outlines venture to pay international consultants .  kbr 's chief executive officer was convicted of bribery last fal .
 smartphone wounds and other high-tech halloween tricks <sec> a former nasa engineer turns smartphones into gory , animated wounds .  his company digital dudz also has a moving eyeball outfit and a giant facebook profile .  other high-tech ideas -- from `` tron '' costumes to blinky robots -- can be made at hom .
 shoe prints , tapes link suspects to texas church arsons <sec> jason bourque , daniel mcallister charged with arson in connection with church fire .  authorities think they are responsible for other church blazes in east texas .  gas station surveillance tape shows men close to church 's at time of fire , court documents say .  footprints also link suspect to churche .
 is being healthy taking a bite out of your budget ? <sec> a usda study shows healthy foods are cheaper based on portion size .  getting in shape can save cash in the long run .  planning meals for the week can save money and calories .  price comparison can be helpful in choosing a gym or exercise equipmen .
