 behind the scenes : 'eyewitness to murder : the king assassination ' <sec> lt. george loenneke was looking through peephole at time king was hit .  cnn presents gained unprecedented access to balcony , evidence .  documentary tracks last days of convicted assassin james earl ra .
 south sudan deploys troops to prevent revenge attacks <sec> at least 600 people killed in clashes between murle and lou nuer tribes .  a world food programme warehouse is looted and a medical clinic is partially destroyed .  ban ki-moon urges the government of south sudan to restore security in jongle .
 dubai 's sheikh mohammed : it 's not a recession , it 's a challenge <sec> sneak preview of cnn 's exclusive interview with the ruler of dubai .  sheikh mohammed on restructuring dubai world .  he said : `` the companies are restructuring because it 's a new world .
 sentencing phase to begin for convicted ohio serial killer <sec> anthony sowell will receive life in prison without parole or the death penalty .  he was convicted of killing 11 cleveland-area women between 2007 and 2009 .  he has been classified as a `` sexually violent predator '' .  the sentencing phase of sowell 's trial begins monda .
 africa 's ancient hunter gatherers struggle for survival <sec> the hadza are one of the last communities of hunter-gatherers in the world .  hadza men hunt for animals using homemade bows and arrows .  in the last 50 years , the hadza have lost 90 % of their lan .
 more than 400 people dead in pakistan flooding <sec> almost all the deaths are in khyber pakhtunkhwa province , official says .  state media : a u.n. agency has dispatched a shipment of aid for the victims .  floodwaters have swept away hundreds of home .
 chinese police seize tons of bogus meat <sec> fake mutton and beef were made of fox , mink , rat , state news agency says .  other meat was injected with water or was diseased , xinhua says .  chemicals were used illegally to augment meat , it reports .  public safety officials are planning raids related to dairy products , too , agency say .
 europe 's pilots stage protest over flying hours <sec> hundreds of pilots across europe are protesting about flying hours and safety .  pilots argue the eu is ignoring scientific evidence which says hours are too long .  demonstrators to hand out dummy airline tickets with a list of their complaint .
 the 'crowd ' give middle east 's entrepreneurs a kick-start <sec> new online platforms offer chance for ideas to be funded by the public .  sites like zoomaal and yomken follow crowdfunding model of u.s. sites like kickstarter .  educating artisans and innovators of potential of crowdfunding is a challenge says zoomaal 's founder .  global market for crowdfunding was $ 2.7 billion in 2012 according to analyst .
 fukushima residents cleared to return home amid contamination fears <sec> evacuation zone near stricken fukushima daiichi nuclear plant lifted .  more than 100 households cleared to return to city only 12 miles from site of disaster .  suspicions concerning the safety of the area remai .
 winning on and off the tennis court <sec> tennis player elizabeth profit , 13 , ranks high in her age group ; to turn pro next year .  elizabeth has juvenile diabetes , manages it ; `` i ca n't make excuses , '' she says .  sister mary , 11 , also a rising tennis star , watches over her older sister .  `` you do n't want to let life pass you by , '' elizabeth advises others with diabete .
 big cash for old bags ? christie 's in million-dollar vintage handbag sale <sec> rare and vintage handbags will go under the hammer in hong kong on monday .  auction house christie 's estimates they are worth almost $ 1 million .  it 's the first time christie 's has sold handbags at a live auction .  hong kong is the world 's third largest auction center after london and new york .
 how restaurants can reduce salt in your food <sec> philadelphia 's sodium-reducing initiative is a success story , cdc 's dr. tom frieden says .  processed and restaurant foods make up majority of sodium consumed in u.s. , he says .  cdc chief : restaurants can rethink how they prepare food and ingredients use .
 benghazi outrage muted at libya nominee 's hearing <sec> few members of a senate committee question libya ambassador nominee .  deborah jones is a respected career diplomat who has served in iraq and syria .  proceeding for jones a prelude to a house hearing on the attack on wednesda .
 singer sharon jones postpones dap-kings tour for cancer surgery <sec> sharon jones says she 's been diagnosed with stage 1 bile duct cancer .  as a result , singer and the dap-kings are postponing tour and album release plans .  jones says she 's going to have surgery soon and expects to make a full recover .
 erdogan announces plans to build canal to rival panama , suez <sec> the proposed canal will be 45 kilometers long , the prime minister says .  erdogan would n't reveal the exact route .  he says the project will rival the panama and suez canal .
 philippines shuffles ships in maritime standoff with china <sec> the philippines and china are locked in an impasse at a lagoon in the south china sea .  both countries claim the area is `` an integral part '' of their territory .  manila has sent a coast guard boat and pulled back a naval vessel from the scene .  a third official chinese ship has reportedly arrived at the lagoo .
 opinion : how to avoid a future of potholes and worse <sec> marcia hale : summer travelers will find lane closures , potholes , flight and rail delays .  hale : crumbling infrastructure because of inadequate funding is the reason .  hale : highway fund is dwindling , resulting in job losses , terrible bridges , roads .  she says congress needs to find a long-term solution to keep fund health .
 tennis : nadal happy to be back on court <sec> rafael nadal returns to singles action at rogers cup in montreal .  world no . .  2 's return cut short as david ferrer quits because of knee injury .  nadal was leading 4-3 by a break of serve ; had been on court just 36 minutes .  nadal : `` every match , every game is important to feel better for me .
 israel : cluster bomb use was legal <sec> israel : use of cluster bombs during last year 's war with hezbollah legal .  no charges against military officers who ordered use of the u.s.-made bombs .  investigation findings reported by brig . .  gen. avihai mendelblit on monday .  enormous damage and casualties sparked an outcry by rights group .
 texas college has been stabbing suspect 's 'second home ' since age 12 <sec> new : student blog says `` it was if a floodgate had opened '' as suspect overcomes shyness .  born deaf , suspect learned to express himself at a teen book club on campus .  dylan quick is forthcoming with information , police say .  quick is to undergo a psychological evaluation , the harris county da say .
 uniquely you : design of the day <sec> see more ireport galleries : travel photos , otherworldly landscapes .  follow us on twitter @ cnnliving .  follow us on faceboo .
 djokovic stunned in madrid by dimitrov <sec> world no . .  1 novak djokovic dumped out of madrid open by grigor dimitrov .  roger federer defeats radek stepanek 6-3 6-3 in first match for eight weeks .  andy murray edges close encounter against germany 's florian mayer .  serena williams and marion bartoli winners in women 's competitio .
 wife of flight 370 passenger goes to search effort nerve center <sec> paul weeks was on a business trip aboard malaysia airlines flight 370 .  weeks has tried to keep a sense of normalcy around her home in perth for her sons .  still , there are questions from her 3-year-old that are difficult to hear and answer .  `` we find the brightest star and he says , 'goodnight daddy , i love you . .  see you in the morning for breakfast .
 researcher : new air traffic control system is hackable <sec> researcher : hackers could trick new air traffic control systems into seeing fake aircraft .  the new system will be rolled out in the united states by 2014 .  the faa says it conducts onging assessments of vulnerabilite .
 leverkusen sink stuttgart to regain second place in bundesliga <sec> bayer leverkusen are up to second in the bundesliga after win over stuttgart .  2007 champions stuttgart now bottom-of-the-table after 4-2 defeat to leverkusen .  champions league side schalke suffer shock 2-1 defeat away to monchengladbac .
 south africa an economic powerhouse ? 'nowhere near , ' says goldman exec <sec> economist jim o'neill is the creator of the bric acronym .  the world 's top emerging markets have invited south africa to their next meeting .  o'neill says the country 's economic prospects ca n't be compared to the bric bloc .
 2 northern ireland paramilitary groups disarm <sec> ulster volunteer force and red hand commando made the announcement .  both groups want northern ireland to remain a part of the united kingdom .  uk minister : two groups made a `` bold and courageous decision '' .  ulster defense association said it has started process of decommissionin .
 verizon to debut 3rd android phone with 4g thursday <sec> verizon wireless will debut the revolution from lg electronics on thursday .  the phone , which uses the faster 4g lte data network , will cost $ 250 .  it will be the third 4g phone available to verizon customer .
 utah same-sex marriages are valid , appeals court rules <sec> same-sex marriage got go-ahead in utah for 17 days last year .  appeals court says marriages performed then must be recognized .  same court says order wo n't take effect until july 21 , so state can appea .
 2010 atlantic hurricane season comes to a close <sec> 2010 hurricane season was second busiest on record .  there were zero u.s. hurricane landfalls .  favorable wind patterns allowed storms to re-curve to sea .  minimal tropical rainfall will contribute to enhanced drought in 201 .
 gun-themed purse delays teen flier <sec> teen 's gun-themed purse gets flagged by tsa .  apparel featuring gun replicas may fall on prohibited items list .  `` a design on a purse . .  how is that a federal offense ? '' .  teen ask .
 résumé padding : inconsequential or inexcusable ? <sec> yahoo blames `` inadvertent error '' for claim that ceo had computer science degree .  most common résumé error has to do with academic credentials , experts say .  high unemployment , desire to stay competitive lead to résumé fibs , adviser says .  companies respond with more background checks , screening procedure .
 suspected drug smugglers sail to jail <sec> coast guard crew notices the 49-foot vessel elegance was `` riding suspiciously low in the water '' .  more than 1,200 pounds of cocaine worth an estimated $ 20 million is found on board , officials say .  coast guard has seized 44,000 pounds of cocaine in the previous 12 month .
 'i totally understand o.j. , ' hulk hogan tells rolling stone <sec> hulk hogan , in a bitter divorce with his wife , linda , talks to rolling stone magazine .  `` i could have turned everything into a crime scene like o.j. , '' hogan said .  spokesman for linda hogan says the statement amounts to a death threat .  hulk hogan spokesman : comments not a threat , just expression of frustration .
 review : 'premium rush ' delivers action , no bells and whistles <sec> `` premium rush '' is centered around a group of new york bike messengers .  joseph gordon-levit 's character , wilee , appears to have a bit of a death wish .  there is also a romantic subplot involving wilee and another of the biker .
 30 die as indigenous protesters , police clash in peru <sec> violence flares as police attempt to break up a roadblock .  government declares state of emergency in remote northern area .  indigenous people protest what they call the exploitation of their native lands .  peruvian president says land belongs to all the people of the countr .
 sudanese christian mariam yehya ibrahim tells of ordeal <sec> mariam yehya ibrahim says she simply wants to leave with her family , `` not anything more '' .  `` i gave birth chained . .  not cuffs but chains on my legs , '' she says of her prison ordeal .  doctors fear her baby may not be able to walk unsupported when she grows up .  ibrahim denies using falsified papers to try to leave sudan for the united state .
 study : mobile web use has doubled since 2009 <sec> more people are turning to their phones to access the internet and e-mail .  a new pew study found that two-thirds of u.s. phone owners use their devices to go online .  for a small but growing of people , phones are the primary way they check the interne .
 'sweet valley ' revisited <sec> the `` sweet valley '' series is back and updated .  pascal 's books are credited with inspiring young women to read .  author admits lead characters , blond twin girls , are `` impossibly perfect '' .  up next for `` sweet valley '' is a feature film written by diablo cod .
 police : 6 protesting shell by climbing london 's shard arrested <sec> london authorities : six women who attempted climb arrested .  the women from greenpeace said they dodged security guards .  plan was `` to hang a huge work of art that captures the beauty '' of the arctic .  greenpeace campaign aims to turn the area around the north pole into a global sanctuar .
 bowe bergdahl , an adventurer and gentleman <sec> bowe bergdahl tough under adverse circumstances , friends say .  he took ballet lessons , never owned a car , loved travel and adventure .  he was captured by the taliban in afghanistan on june 30 , u.s. officials sa .
 turkey arrests journalists and executives <sec> `` these raids and arrests are politically motivated , '' group says .  journalists , media executives are arrested in turkey .  those arrested are associated with the gulen religious movement .  the gulen supporters do not support the governmen .
 dissident 's flight could strain u.s.-china ties <sec> christopher johnson : d.c. , china face tense moment over dissident 's apparent flight to u.s. protection .  he says it has echoes of tiananmen square era ; reflects nations ' human rights differences .  he says recent tiffs have tested nations ' ties ; incident comes on eve of u.s.-china talks .  johnson : china 's internal conflicts , rise of internet , help make situation fraugh .
 man united warn le havre over pogba claims <sec> english champions manchester united issue warning to french side le havre .  le havre claim united had offered inducements to sign teenager paul pogba .  but united have threatened legal action if le havre continue their allegation .
 costa rica earthquake death toll rises to 15 <sec> new : rescuers trying to reach 300 tourists stranded in hotel .  new : `` i saw how the earth moved and how it took my family , '' survivor says .  reports on number of people killed in quake conflict ; up to 42 may be missing .  more than 1,200 stranded , 1,000 more in shelters , red cross official say .
 actress lauren bacall dies at 89 <sec> her grandson says she apparently had a stroke .  bacall shot to international fame in 1944 with her first film , `` to have and have not '' .  she married co-star humphrey bogart ; had three children .  `` i 've been extremely lucky . .  god , i have no complaints at all , '' bacall said in 200 .
 court sets ex-bosnian leader free <sec> new : serbia 's government `` tried to undermine the judiciary in this country , '' ejup ganic says .  the extradition request was politically motivated , the judge finds .  former bosnian leader will not be sent to serbia .  ganic is wanted in serbia for alleged 1992 war crime .
 syria : dozens killed in suicide blasts in aleppo <sec> opposition groups reported that `` a number of regime forces '' had been killed after a shelling .  two mortar shells also fell near the municipal palace , the interior ministry says .  a suicide bomber blew up a car bomb loaded with 500 kg bomb , the interior ministry says .  syrian state-run media put the death toll from the blast at 3 .
 exonerated california man restarts life , dreams of playing in nfl <sec> judge tosses conviction of man who pleaded no contest to rape charge .  woman who made accusation has recanted .  brian banks made plea on attorney 's advice , fearing long sentence .  banks , now 26 , said he still has dreams of playing for the nf .
 u.s. judge sentences mexican drug gang leader to life in prison for killings <sec> the authorities say jose antonio acosta hernandez is connected to 1,500 killings .  among them is the murder of u.s. consulate employee lesley enriquez .  enriquez and her husband were shot to death after leaving a birthday party in 2010 .  a judge in texas sentences acosta , a leader of la linea , to life in priso .
 new orleans airport machete attack suspect dies <sec> suspect dies after treatment for bullet wounds .  sheriff says the suspect also had smoke bombs and molotov cocktails .  richard white allegedly stormed an airport security area with a machet .
 7 killed in mexico shootouts <sec> new : firefights have been going on for 10 days , residents say .  one mexico soldier among the dead .  drug suspects ambushed military patrol .  u.s. closed nearby consulate on thursda .
 cliven bundy says he 's not racist , still defiant over grazing battle - cnnpolitics.com <sec> bundy says he is `` not tired of talking about race '' .  the nevada rancher has battled u.s. government over his cattle grazing free on public land .  he came under fire after suggesting blacks may have been better off as slaves .  `` we need to get over this prejudice stuff , '' he say .
 ringing in the changes : the philippines ' call center boom <sec> philippines has more call center workers than india .  industry experts estimate the business is worth $ 11 billion .  soft accent and historical ties to u.s. make it popular with american companie .
 throngs push catalan independence amid spain 's economic crisis <sec> turnout of tuesday 's protest is larger than expected .  spain 's economic crisis fuels demonstrations .  catalonia 's regional president pushes for `` fiscal pact '' with madri .
 mh370 passengers ' families furious with malaysian officials <sec> ocean is a depth the bluefin probe should be able to handle , u.s. navy indicates .  `` you 're all bloody liars , and you 're lying to us again , '' says angry man at families ' briefing .  families want log , official phone numbers , other data .  officials say bluefin-21 completed its third mission with no hiccup .
 nfl 's dwyer posts bond after domestic violence arrest <sec> new : jonathan dwyer fractured his wife 's nose with a headbutt , police say .  maricopa county sheriff 's office says dwyer has been released from jail .  he was arrested in connection with a domestic violence allegation .  the team announced after the arrest that dwyer had been deactivate .
 dying former 'manson family ' member up for parole <sec> susan atkins has admitted she stabbed pregnant actress sharon tate to death .  she has been denied parole on 12 previous occasions .  atkins has terminal brain cancer and just months to live .  she was denied compassionate release in july 200 .
 7 robin williams movies that made your childhood <sec> robin williams ' career impacted generations .  fans who came of age in the '90s were treated to some of his best work .  for many , he was the funniest adult around .  thanks to his playful humor , williams grew up along with his young fan .
 why i did n't eat for 22 days <sec> medina : failure to pass immigration reform puts america 's legacy in jeopardy .  medina : we fasted to draw attention to the personal sacrifice of immigrant families .  medina : we 've reached out to speaker john boehner 's offic .
 scorsese and the auteurs put film classics online for free <sec> scorsese collaborates with web site the auteurs to put restored films online free .  the movie masterpieces were restored by scorsese 's world cinema foundation .  they include korean film `` the housemaid '' and moroccan documentary `` transes '' .  the auteurs is an innovative mix of social networking and video on deman .
 black friday 's liability risk for stores ( opinion ) <sec> danny cevallos : black friday may be the most crazy commercial holiday of the year .  he says it 's odd that large retailers invite this chaos , and personal-injury lawsuits .  how do we evaluate a sales event that is more like running the bulls in pamplona ? .  he asks .  cevallos : maybe the black friday retailer deserves the black friday shoppe .
 sex scandal engulfs auckland 'super mayor ' len brown <sec> observers fear a sex scandal in new zealand local politics could usher in a new era of sleaze .  auckland 's newly re-elected mayor len brown has been outed for a two-year affair .  his former mistress , 25 years his junior , says she now wants to apologize .  she claims to have been manipulated by another lover who worked for brown 's riva .
