 obama talks politics , life with leno <sec> new : obama jokes white house may get egged if first lady hands out fruit and raisins on halloween .  obama appears on `` the tonight show with jay leno '' .  obama says he wo n't pay attention to the gop primary until it 's down to one or two candidates .  obama tells leno that gadhafi 's death sends `` a strong message '' to other dictator .
 sources : sherri shepherd to leave 'the view ' <sec> people close to shepherd have known for months she was ready to go , sources say .  barbara walters bid farewell to `` the view '' last month .  co-host jenny mccarthy tweets : `` if sherri goes ... .  i go too .
 mccurry wins battle against mcdonald 's <sec> david-and-goliath match-up in fast food world sees mccurry defeat mcdonald 's .  mcdonald 's claimed that the `` mc '' in mccurry trampled on its trademark .  mccurry owner p. suppiah : `` we 're very relieved -- much , much relieved .
 english fa probes chants mocking disabled <sec> footballer turned tv presenter kevin kilbane reported west ham fans ' disablist chants to the fa .  the chant allegedly focused on tottenham hotspur 's harry kane and mocked people with disabilities .  kilbane , who has a daughter with down 's syndrome , said his children would be devastated if they heard i .
 suu kyi gives nobel speech in norway , 21 years later <sec> new : aung san suu kyi says she advocates `` cautious optimism '' because she fears blind faith .  new : she appeals for all prisoners of conscience still held in myanmar to be freed .  she says being awarded the prize meant the plight of her country was not forgotten .  she was given the nobel peace prize in 1991 , but was under house arrest in myanma .
 russian runners kiss on the winners podium at competition in moscow <sec> the athletes kiss after taking gold in the women 's 4x400 meter relay .  was it a celebratory kiss ? .  or was it a political statement ? .  the kiss comes at a highly charged moment for gay rights in russi .
 african sushi : fish links lesotho and japanese chefs <sec> a company in lesotho is exporting 85 % of its total trout catch to japan .  the fish are reared in a dam 2,200m above sea level in the maluti mountains .  creating lesotho 's first fishery has presented challenges .  the company expects to grow its production by 750 tonnes per yea .
 texas can ban planned parenthood from health program after court decision <sec> texas opposes government funding for abortion providers .  it required clinics in the women 's health program to certify they do not perform abortions .  texas gov . .  rick perry praised the court decisio .
 swamps , scorpions , civil war : a journey along the nile <sec> levison wood spent nine months walking the length of the nile river .  in nine months , he walked 3,750 miles and crossed six countries .  during the trip , he was threatened with guns , ate rat stew and slept with scorpion .
 7 accused of amsterdam bomb plot <sec> 6 men , 1 woman arrested ; 1 man has connections to a madrid bombing , police say .  police searching buildings where the arrests were made .  shopping areas , area around a soccer stadium closed as a precautio .
 spain turning back the clock on siestas <sec> time zone proposal is the latest move by spain to improve productivity and align working hours with rest of europe .  spanish unemployment in the third-quarter improved slightly to 25.98 % compared with 26.26 % in q2 of 2013 .  youth unemployment , which remains over 50 % , poses a major problem for prime minister mariano rajoy 's governmen .
 judge taken off remaining 'jena 6 ' cases <sec> 9th judicial district judge thomas yeager recuses judge j.p. mauffrey jr . .  appearance of impropriety exists , yeager finds .  six black jena high school students are accused of beating a white student .  thousands marched through jena last year to protest handling of cas .
 jailed 22 years , man may go free in brooklyn slaying <sec> david ranta has served nearly 22 years for a brooklyn rabbi 's killing .  prosecutors have recommended that he be released .  the detective who investigated the killing says he stands by the cas .
 group plans protests for immigrants ' rights as immigration law changes <sec> new : baseball players union , urban league , fraternity voice disapproval of new law .  arizona legislature amends law to address accusations that it will lead to racial profiling .  critics call law unconstitutional , file suits , plan boycotts ; backers say it 's needed , urge `` buycott '' .  protests to take place in at least 21 states , district of columbia , 2 canadian province .
 25 dead , dozens wounded in iraq car bombings <sec> four of the five blasts occurred in the shiite heartland in the southern region of iraq .  another was in mahmoudiya , a predominantly sunni area just south of baghdad .  no one immediately claims responsibility .  iraq has seen an uptick in violence in recent month .
 12 lebanese troops killed in clashes with sunni radicals <sec> lebanese state news agency : government troops surround sunni cleric 's compound .  civil war violence from syria spills over to lebano .
 'history has already been written ' for kentucky derby 's black jockey <sec> america 's most prestigious horse race -- the kentucky derby -- is run saturday .  kevin krigger is adamant he will be first black jockey in 111 years to win .  african american riders used to dominate the sport , winning 15 of first 28 derbies .  confident krigger says success will have nothing to do with skin colo .
 kamala harris announces u.s. senate bid - cnnpolitics.com <sec> billionaire tom steyer exploring run for barbara boxer 's seat .  california attorney general kamala harris raising money for senate bid .  lieutenant governor gavin newsom is out of the rac .
 opinion : how bill de blasio can increase affordable housing <sec> demand for affordable housing is rising but there 's a national shortage .  michael rubinger : supply of affordable housing is crucial to any local economy .  he says mayor bill de blasio 's plan to add new low-cost homes is n't enough .  rubinger : public and private sectors should also work to preserve existing housin .
 burned iraqi boy 's road to recovery <sec> masked men doused youssif in gas and set him on fire in 2007 in baghdad .  boy has undergone extensive facial reconstruction and counseling in u.s . .  reality of immigrant life in u.s. has sunk in for family .  youssif says he hopes to become a doctor to help others one da .
 something 's rattling small wisconsin town <sec> new : booming sounds may be mysterious , but not particularly uncommon .  residents of wisconsin town began reporting unexplained sounds sunday night .  shaking or vibrating sensations accompany the sounds .  city officials say they do n't know what 's going o .
 president obama determined as ever to bypass congress - cnnpolitics.com <sec> president readying executive order on immigration , white house press secretary says .  republican leaders have said such a move would be a `` poison pill '' .  obama is in myanmar to attend the asean economic summi .
 philippines : typhoon hagupit threatens landslides <sec> new : hagupit is downgraded from a typhoon to a tropical storm , u.s. agency says .  philippine government spokesman blames the cyclone for two deaths .  `` the roof was blown off my house last night , '' says a woman now staying at a church .  flooding concerns rise as the storm moves slowly across the countr .
 turban bomb kills key afghan political leader <sec> new : isaf commander says the face of the peace initiative has been attacked .  nato says 2 suicide bombers carried out the attack ; afghan authorities described one .  four people were wounded in the attack , a police spokesman say .
 boston marathon by the numbers <sec> boston marathon has been run since 1897 .  in all , 26,839 runners and wheelchair racers registered .  there are participants from 56 u.s. states and territorie .
 review : 'beautiful creatures ' lacks danger and momentum <sec> `` beautiful creatures '' is like `` twilight '' with the sexes reversed .  the film is based on a young adult novel by kami garcia and margaret stohl .  critic says best thing about the film is the lead actres .
 tighter security at airports after calls for attacks <sec> new measures feature additional random checks after passengers make it through security .  aqap 's leadership says lone wolf attacks that hit the u.s. , west are a priority .  terrorists ' inspire magazine stated that even if new devices were detected or failed , they would bring terror to the west .  counterterrorism officials have been concerned about technical instruction provided by inspire for year .
 could humans one day live to 1,000 years ? <sec> watch a live webcast on cnn.com on november 30 , at 1200 gmt .  leading anti-aging experts will share their insights on the search for immortality .  send them your questions via soundoff , ireport and twitte .
 air-traffic control strike in france disrupts air traffic <sec> air passengers in france are urged to contact their airlines before going to the airport .  a strike by air-traffic controllers has resulted in some cancellations .  passenger : `` in the middle of july , it 's tough to find a place to stay .
 a boy and his seizure dog <sec> evan moss wrote a book to raise funds for a seizure dog .  getting the dog , mindy , `` took a long time , '' he says .  evan has epilepsy ; mindy barks when he has a seizur .
 mtv 'remote control ' host ken ober dies <sec> mtv pop-culture game show first aired in 1987 .  ober , 52 , found dead at home , his agent says .  `` remote control '' helped launch careers of adam sandler , denis leary , colin quin .
 canada dismemberment suspect denies charges , prosecutors say <sec> new : luka rocco magnotta denies all the charges against him , quebec prosecutors say .  he faces first-degree murder and other charges in the death of a chinese student .  police believe magnotta filmed the death and dismemberment of jun lin .  magnotta did not fight extradition from germany to canad .
 chinese call for boycott of hong kong after urine incident <sec> clash between hong kongers and chinese tourists after chinese toddler filmed urinating on street .  angered chinese netizens call for a boycott of hong kong on june 1 .  other chinese calling on parents to let their children relieve themselves in public en masse in response to the outcr .
 world cup kept away from mere mortals <sec> world cup trophy starts publicity trip ahead of 2010 tournament .  only members of tournament winning teams and heads of state can touch trophy .  the gold trophy has a 24-hour security detail .  cnn reporter , cameraman allowed nowhere near i .
 protests over haiti 's cholera outbreak turn violent <sec> unrest spreads to second town in north .  flights canceled to cap haitien .  gunfire ricochets in streets , protesters clash with peacekeepers .  `` the population is scared . .  ... .  it 's a volatile situation , '' says u.n. officia .
 north korea proposes end to hostilities with south <sec> new : the south korean defense ministry declines to comment on the proposal .  north korea calls for an end to hostilities starting friday .  but it makes a number of requests unlikely to sit well with south korea .  they include ceasing intrusions at sea and canceling joint drills with the u.s .
 opinion : if 'e.t . ' finds voyager 1 , will it phone earth ? <sec> nasa 's voyager 1 spacecraft left the solar system and entered interstellar space .  meg urry : voyager 's achievement is a major milestone in human exploration .  she says the mission , launched 36 years ago , will go forth unimpeded for millenniums .  urry : there are no expectations that it will encounter other civilizations , but possibility exist .
 libeskind 's dramatic dresden shard offers space for reflection <sec> daniel libeskind 's redesign of the military history museum in dresden is his favorite work to date .  `` it 's not just about weapons and rockets ... it 's about people 's decisions and how people view the world , '' libeskind says .  polish-born architect wishes he had designed the eiffel tower , in paris .  `` it 's completely uncharacteristic of paris , and yet it 's such a fantastic building , '' he say .
 cnn student news : daily discussion <sec> use these questions to help students understand today 's featured news stories .  today 's daily discussion includes the media literacy question of the da .
 building a family while living with hiv <sec> dan and susan hartmann wanted to start a family , but dan is hiv-positive .  they sought out technology and medical guidance about what to do .  the answer surprised them : try having unprotected sex .  the hartmanns now have a healthy daughter , and susan does not have hi .
 fda panel urges hpv vaccine be given to boys <sec> committee says shots could prevent genital warts in males 9 to 26 .  vaccine 's maker claims studies show 90 percent less hpv-caused disease .  hpv common in both sexes , cdc says , but men develop fewer problems .  committee also favors cervarix , new vaccine from glaxosmithklin .
 state 's new immigration law worries arizona soldier <sec> pfc . .  jose medina expressed his concern over arizona 's new immigration law .  medina 's friends and family talked about new law during his farewell feast .  medina wondered if some of his undocumented friends , family would leave the are .
 try , try again : serial stowaway makes it aboard flight from san jose to la <sec> marily jean hartman , 62 , pleaded no contest to stowing away on southwest flight .  `` i do n't think it 's wise to say how i got through '' the security checkpoints , she says .  hartman was arrested monday after stowing away on a flight from san jose to los angeles .  she has been arrested at least three times for trying the same thin .
 jon gosselin : 'i despise ' kate <sec> `` our relationship will never be fixed , '' jon gosselin says in a television interview .  jon and kate gosselin have been going through a bitter break-up .  the pair star in the reality tv show `` jon & kate plus 8 .
 plane lands on california highway ; no major injuries <sec> piper comanche 260 carrying a married couple landed on u.s. highway 101 .  plane 's engine quit , pilot lost control ; landed in south lane facing oncoming traffic .  plane struck two vehicles while landing , then spun and hit another one with its tai .
 why the ocean matters . . . to google <sec> imaging the ocean depths via the new google earth 5.0 is a smart move for google .  it adds to the overall utility of the software , which in the long run keeps it relevant .  ocean researchers attended google 's launch and are eager to display their data .  eventually , google wants to provide data on `` every single location '' on eart .
 where celebrity culture was born <sec> before celebrity websites and cable channels , there was a home for celebrity culture in the u.s . .  the stork club in manhattan was scene of frenzied activity by the famous and would-be famous .  bob greene says all that remains is a peaceful park with a waterfall .  greene : `` all heat eventually cools ; that which was coveted drifts away .
 jimenez becomes oldest european tour winner ; scott , donald triumph <sec> four tournaments in three continents decided on busy sunday in the world of golf .  miguel angel jimenez becomes oldest european tour winner in hong kong .  luke donald wins in japan to leapfrog tiger woods to number two in world .  adam scott holds off ian poulter to win the australian masters in melbourn .
 drive in google glass , get a ticket <sec> a woman in san diego was issued a ticket for driving while wearing google glass .  this is the first known ticket specifically for using the headset while driving .  many states have laws prohibiting distracted driving or monitors that face the driver .  exceptions are made for gps and mapping device .
 federer defeats llodra in quest for fifth dubai title ; murray labors to victory <sec> world no . .  3 roger federer moves into the second round of the dubai championships .  16-time grand slam champion federer beats france 's michael llodra 6-0 7-6 .  no . .  3 seed andy murray labors to 6-3 4-6 6-4 victory over qualifier michael berrer .  no . .  5 seed tomas berdych and argentina 's juan martin del potro also wi .
 police : body floating in canal thought to be california kidnapper <sec> new : the kidnapped boy 's mother says she 's `` relieved that all this is over '' .  new : she tells rodriguez 's mother that she feels her pain , having lost a son herself .  water authority worker alerts police after finding body in the delta-mendota canal .  police believe body is that of jose rodriguez , accused of killing his ex-girlfriend 's so .
 boy dies in joy ride on new year 's eve in michigan <sec> two boys , 12 and 14 , had an idea for late-night fun ; it ended in tragedy .  they sneaked out of the house and made away with a family car .  sheriff 's deputies came knocking to question parents after the car hit a tree .  the 12-year-old passenger was killed ; the older boy , who was driving , was injure .
 nobel prizes : medical award kicks off winners ' week <sec> the week begins with the prize for physiology or medicine .  last year , the prize was awarded to two americans , one german .  the nobel peace prize will be awarded on frida .
 'human spirit ' still alive in boston <sec> strangers help strangers after blasts leave racers stranded .  telephone donation leads starbucks to give away coffee , pastries .  businesswoman changes plans , volunteers to belatedly give out race medal .
 stone circle suggests stonehenge part of burial complex <sec> discovery of lost stone circle sheds new light on stonehenge 's purpose .  researchers say `` bluestonehenge '' was starting point of funeral processional route .  bluestonehenge is named after color of welsh stones from which it was formed .  some have viewed stonehenge as temple , astronomical observator .
 debate over arizona immigration law heard in appeals court <sec> justice department attorney calls arizona law `` extraordinary '' .  arizona attorney says law `` can help fix the system '' .  critics say provisions in sb 1070 will lead to racial profiling .  governor says the law is necessary to enforce federal immigration law .
 billionaire saudi prince tweets support for women driving <sec> alwaleed bin talal says move would help the economy , reduce the number of foreign workers .  but activist says it will mean more when saudi arabia 's king addresses the issue .  women are prohibited from driving in saudi arabia , a deeply conservative kingdom .  in 2011 , the group women2drive demanded that women be given the right to drive in the countr .
 david beats goliath to win world title <sec> david haye wins wba world heavyweight title in nuremberg .  briton haye beats giant russian nikolai valuev on points after 12 rounds .  haye is first british world heavyweight champion since lennox lewis .  few gave him a chance of victory as he conceded massive height and weight advantag .
 u.s. women 's pro soccer league suspended amid legal dispute <sec> the women 's professional soccer league has been suspended for 2012 .  the wps , which began in 2009 , is involved in an expensive legal dispute .  legal proceedings revolve around the termination of the magicjack franchise .  stars such as u.s. duo hope solo and abby wambach and brazil 's marta play in wp .
 schumacher hopes to repay chinese fans <sec> michael schumacher determined to reward chinese fans with win on april 15 .  german driver admits history is not on his side at the shanghai circuit .  the seven-times world champion has had a disappointing start to the yea .
 services held for youngest victim of arizona mass shootings <sec> new : father talks about his daughter .  `` a little girl with the wisdom of a wise woman , '' bishop gerald kicanas says .  nine-year-old christina green is the youngest victim of the tucson shooting .  a custom-made casket was donated by trappist monks in iow .
 six dead in apparent murder-suicide in florida <sec> a woman and four of her children were shot to death in florida .  the woman 's husband shot and killed himself when he saw police , authorities said .  four of the man 's stepchildren were killed , and a fifth was wounded .  two of his biological children apparently were not hur .
 the height of teamwork on everest <sec> army officer dave bunting recruited a team of 21 soldiers to summit everest .  the 2006 attempt was via the mountain 's notoriously dangerous west ridge .  they spent over three years preparing by building cameraderie and team spirit .  bunting says personal ambition can sometimes get the better of climbers on everes .
 former nfl player wants brain studied <sec> thomas jones , a uva standout , played 12 seasons in the nfl .  jones has produced a documentary to show the real lives of nfl players .  his series also focuses on the risk of concussions .  jones intends to donate his brain for more research on brain traum .
