 indian olympic association suspended by ioc <sec> international olympic committee ( ioc ) suspends india for violating the olympic charter .  suspension prevents indian athletes from competing in olympic events .  ioa loses ioc funding until suspension lifte .
 what if ? what uk might have been like without thatcher <sec> former uk prime minister margaret thatcher died last week aged 87 .  simon hooper imagines what might have happened if she had chosen different career .  uk would have handed over falklands to argentina and abandoned nuclear weapons , he say .
 journalist working for cnn detained in ukraine <sec> state department spokeswoman condemned what she called a `` kidnapping '' .  anton skiba was seized tuesday in donetsk .  skiba was taken to a waiting car by gunmen after working at the mh17 crash site .  cnn chose not to report it while working for his releas .
 no deaths reported after powerful quake strikes new zealand <sec> new : prime minister says government will not abandon christchurch .  two people are being treated for serious injuries .  a 7.0-magnitude earthquake hit the east coast of the south island early saturday .  roads and buildings were damage .
 man running in inflatable bubble rescued off coast of florida <sec> coast guard : man was traveling from florida to bermuda in a large bubble .  reza baluchi is an ultra-marathoner who says he 's run across the u.s. twice .  coast guard urged him to abandon quest because he did n't have enough supplie .
 real madrid under investigation by fifa over 51 under-age transfers <sec> real madrid confirms fifa investigating club over 51 under-age transfers .  madrid says it has complied fully with the governing body 's rules .  spanish club has given explanations for each of the case .
 saudi rape case lawyer 'reinstated ' <sec> saudi lawyer abdul rahman al-lahem says his license to practice is reinstated .  al-lahem says license revoked because he publicized rape victim 's conviction .  saudi minister last month denied license was ever revoked .  rape victim was convicted of being alone with an unrelated ma .
 casey anthony : her life today <sec> this week marks three years since the casey anthony verdict .  caylee anthony went missing in june 2008 .  today , casey anthony is in undisclosed location in florida .  she chooses not to go out in publi .
 obama 's election redraws america 's electoral divide <sec> new : obama claims indiana , 349-163 electoral vote advantage .  barack obama scores wins with women , african-americans , young voters .  obama to voters : `` change has come to america '' .  obama will be working with heavily democratic congres .
 the kindle 's live , human , screen-controlling tech support <sec> the kindle fire hdx has built-in live tech support .  the representative can see , control and draw on the tablet screen .  the feature will make it easier for tablet owners to get acquainted with the device .
 best places to see the northern lights <sec> scientists say this year 's northern lights will be the best in a decade .  finnish lapland offers a wide choice for aurora hunters -- from the adventurous to family-friendly options .  you can also watch the lights from a dog-sled in greenland or a hot tub in alask .
 this plane has no windows ! but it is really fast <sec> a few companies are developing supersonic business jets .  spike aerospace has a model that will be built without windows , but will instead have flatscreens lining the cabin .  the biggest challenges to supersonic flight is cost and mitigating sonic boo .
 matthew cordle , confessed viral video drunken driver , pleads guilty <sec> new : sentencing is scheduled for october 10 .  new : matthew cordle faces a maximum 8â½-year sentence , prosecutor says .  cordle , 22 , changes his original plea of not guilty in the june 22 incident .  in an online video , cordle said he was driving drunk and killed a 61-year-old ma .
 pope insists church rejects anti-semitism <sec> new : jewish reaction to pope 's words are broadly but not uniformly positive .  pope speaks after meeting with jewish leaders at the vatican .  meeting comes on heels of controversy involving holocaust denier .  vatican has ordered holocaust-denying bishop to recan .
 honduran military uses tear gas on ousted leader 's supporters <sec> brazil 's embassy surrounded after jose manuel zelaya 's backers dispersed .  ousted honduran leader staying at brazil 's embassy in tegucigalpa .  u.s. embassy closes in tegucigalpa , spokesman says .  all flights in and out of country canceled ; curfew in effec .
 apple designer 'winces ' over some past product choices <sec> jonathan ive discusses product approaches with the telegraph .  ive gave a diplomatic answer when talking about stitched leather ui on apps .  ive acknowledges that not all of his designs are successfu .
 'we run this country , ' karzai says of afghan people <sec> new : hamid karzai again says any kandahar offensive must have popular backing .  karzai told tribal leaders he 'd hold back nato push until he got the leaders ' ok .  remarks by afghan president `` genuinely troubling , '' says white house spokesman .  u.s. commander was with karzai when he made sunday remarks to tribal leader .
 dortmund batter freiburg to stay top of bundesliga <sec> borussia dortmund thrash second-from-bottom freiburg to stay top of league .  bayern munich beat wolfsburg to stay second on goal difference .  bayer leverkusen consolidate third place with 2-0 win over hannove .
 obama pledges to help japan rebuild ; u.s. issues larger radiation zone <sec> new : japan and united states issue different radiation warning zones .  obama emphasizes that the u.s. is determined to do everything possible to support japan .  kan briefs the president about efforts to contain the nuclear emergency at the fukushima plant .  kan and obama talk for about 30 minute .
 las vegas police bust youtube pot grower <sec> the grower posted youtube videos under name buddynuggets78 .  the videos provided weekly updates on the crop .  authorities confiscated dozens of plant .
 slums with penthouse views highlight hong kong 's wealth divide <sec> hong kong 's network of sky slums are barnacled onto roofs of tenements built in 1950s , '60s .  mostly found in old urban areas in kowloon -- sham shui po , kwun tung and tai kok tsui .  contrasts with luxury apartments that can often fetch up to us $ 12.85 million .  slums stem from housing crises of 1950s , 60s when waves of chinese refugees arrive .
 security official for u.s. embassy in yemen killed <sec> the security official was not involved in the embassy attack probe , the u.s. says .  qassim aqlan was a foreign service national investigator for the embassy .  the yemeni national was killed on a major road in the capital .  protesters stormed the embassy in septembe .
 casey anthony murder trial delayed over legal issue <sec> new : judge abruptly calls recess in the casey anthony murder trial .  new : judge belvin perry cites only an unspecified legal issue .  new : before recess , lawyers tussle again over undisclosed testimony .  casey anthony is charged in the 2008 death of her 2-year-old daughter , cayle .
 wef founder says technological revolution 'will destroy employment ' <sec> wef founder klaus schwab said `` technological revolution '' could destroy employment .  unemployment across the eu has remained stubbornly high at 10.9 % since may .  schwab said policymakers are facing a `` generational crisis of tremendous dimension .
 lawsuit : guatemalans deliberately infected with stds <sec> lawsuit says scientists infected hundreds of guatemalans with sexually transmitted diseases .  a similar lawsuit filed against the u.s. government was dismisse .
 off-the-radar river voyages <sec> watch hippos and crocodiles along the chobe river between botswana and namibia .  trips between gothenburg and stockholm go along three canals and through 66 locks .  discover former indochina on boutique vessels traveling the mekong rive .
 5 million-dollar mistakes by movie stars <sec> sean connery turned down role of gandalf in `` lotr '' and lost $ 400 million .  imagine will smith as neo in `` the matrix ; '' he declined the role .  john travolta was not the first choice for `` pulp fiction 's '' vincent vega .  steve mcqueen rejected lead roles in `` apocalypse now ; '' `` sundance .
 opinion : my son died as a first responder on 9/11 <sec> talat hamdani : my son , mohammad salman hamdani , was killed on 9/11 .  hamdani : what i want is a recognition that he died as a first responder .  given his training and aspirations , he rushed bravely to help those at wtc , she says .  hamdani : salman 's name should be reflected and listed on the 9/11 memoria .
 jeremy clarkson suspended by the bbc <sec> presenter was involved in an encounter with a bbc producer .  'top gear ' was due to air this sunday , episode pulled from schedul .
 who doctor attacked during pakistan polio campaign <sec> dr . .  constant dedo is working on a who polio vaccination campaign .  the who says he and his driver were shot in karachi , pakistan .  both men are in stable conditio .
 at least 50 dead in three nigeria church bombings , reprisal attacks <sec> new : nigerian red cross society : more than 130 people are injured .  new : the victims include those harmed in reprisal attacks , the group says .  the nigerian president vows to `` fight these terrorists until there are none left '' .  two bombings happen in the town of zaria ; a third occurs in the city of kadun .
 fox shakes things up for 2014 : what to watch for this fall <sec> fox announces its 2014-2015 season on monday .  the network has two new dramas and an event series planned for the fall .  there will also be a new comedy from john mulane .
 cia operatives to testify at classified benghazi hearing <sec> cia contractors who responded to terror attack in libya will tell their story to congress .  lawmakers have been pressing for witness accounts from the september 2012 attack .  ambassador christopher stevens and three other americans were killed in attack .  benghazi has become a political flashpoint between republicans and obama administratio .
 comet ison : emerging 'dust tail ' catches scientists ' eyes <sec> new : nasa scientists watching material that emerged from the sun .  comet ison may have evaporated , experts says .  spacecraft lose sight of the comet .  comet was making its closest approach to su .
 nyc mayor bill de blasio vilified for opening schools during storm <sec> nyc decision to open public schools during blizzard draws wrath of parents .  city school system , with 1.1 million students , is nation 's largest .  de blasio : `` we thought our children would be able to get to schools safely '' .  governor declares state of emergency for new york city , other area .
 growing up is even harder when mom is in prison <sec> donnie belcher 's mother was incarcerated when she was 4 .  number of incarcerated mothers exploded 131 percent from 1991 to 2007 .  `` i wanted to be everything my mother was n't , '' belcher says .  more prisons are creating programs that preserve mother-child relationship .
 saudi judge : it 's ok to slap spendthrift wives <sec> husbands allowed to slap their wives if they spend lavishly , saudi judge says .  women in the audience immediately and loudly protested his speech .  newspaper reports judge was trying to explain increase in domestic violenc .
 what you need to know about college championship game <sec> monday 's national championship game first in new playoff system .  it 's a matchup of heisman winner versus a third-string quarterback .  oregon and ohio state played in first men 's hoops championshi .
 commentary : get to know the real afghanistan <sec> marnie gustavson : afghanistan is a complex place with pockets of war and peace .  she says the image of afghanistan provided in the media is n't complete .  she says some aid organizations hide behind fences and miss the real story .  gustavson : we must build bridges to the young people of afghanista .
 cruise line gets points for speedy response <sec> royal caribbean tweeted news about ship fire early and often .  cruise line went beyond newly enacted industry passenger bill of rights .  critics say cruise lines need to do more to ensure passenger safet .
 the royal seal of success <sec> 850 brands hold the royal warrant , most are british but a handful are from overseas .  three royals can grant the warrant ; the queen , the duke of edinburgh and the prince of wales .  according to new research , the royal warrant scheme is worth â£4 billio .
 anti-government protests advance on pakistan parliament <sec> supporters of ex-cricketer imran khan and cleric tahir ul qadri march on islamabad .  many protesters have entered high-security `` red zone '' to approach parliament .  security forces , protesters have so far avoided clashes .  protesters calling for government to stand down amid corruption , vote fraud claim .
 pakistan terrorist group growing powerful <sec> lashkar-e-tayyiba blamed for attack on mumbai , india , hotels in november 2008 .  organization has `` complex mix of indigenous and international targets , '' state department says .  lashkar-e-tayyiba says it is focused only on freeing kashmir from indian rule , experts say .  lashkar-e-tayyiba joined taliban in attacks on u.s. bases in afghanistan , experts sa .
 'don jon ' joseph gordon-levitt has a girlfriend <sec> joseph gordon-levitt opened up to howard stern this week .  the actor/director admitted he 's in a relationship .  he declined to give details , but did say he thinks he makes a good boyfriend .  this weekend , he 's starring in his directorial debut , `` don jon .
 american tv shows face uncertain fate in china <sec> hit u.s. tv shows have many fans in china .  authorities have cracked down on file-sharing sites used to download shows .  starting april next year , regulator plans to screen all foreign tv show .
 competition begins in delhi at commonwealth games <sec> commonwealth games begins in delhi will five medal events in swimming .  some big names in athletics , like usain bolt , will be missing because of injury .  around 5,000 athletes from 71 countries will compete over 11 day .
 controversial indian politician thackeray dies at 86 <sec> bal thackeray founded shiv sena , a powerful political party .  the movement was founded to defend the marathi people .  he was instrumental in having the name of bombay changed to mumbai .  shiv sena and pm manmohan singh appeal for cal .
 arrests of illegal immigrants on u.s. borders down <sec> illegal immigrants captured on u.s. borders down 23 percent in nine months .  officials say enforcement having deterrent effect on illegal immigration .  official : use of national guard troops along southwest border may be a facto .
 goodbye , postal service ? <sec> the u.s . .  postal service is bleeding money and heading toward insolvency .  john avlon : congress can save the postal service in deal on the fiscal cliff .  he says the urgency is clear , let 's hope for a christmas miracle .  avlon : but be prepared that washington dysfunction can doom the postal servic .
 girl charged in slenderman stabbing deemed incompetent <sec> asked whether she was competent , morgan geyser did n't speak , court documents show .  doctor tells court morgan believes she has mind-control capabilities , affiliate reports .  she also believes she can talk to slenderman and harry potter villain , experts tell court .  morgan and anissa weier are charged with stabbing friend 19 times after sleepove .
 we need to rethink dying <sec> surgeon wants us to think again about care for the dying .  he says the medical profession is n't trained to embrace the inevitable .  by 2050 , 83 million americans will be older than 6 .
 blast kills at least 10 at police academy in yemen 's capital city <sec> new : blast appeared to be work of a suicide bomber , who died at a hospital , official says .  new : officials blame al qaeda but say public will fight back .  bombing targeted cadets in sanaa , the capital of yemen .  at least 19 people also wounded , embassy official say .
 bedouin kidnappers free 4 captives , egyptian official says <sec> new : all four kidnap victims were freed , interior ministry spokesman says .  they were freed without the kidnappers ' demands being met , officials add .  two brazilians , their guide were taken in southern sinai .  the area has seen a rash of kidnappings in recent month .
 images of ferry captain abandoning ship are shocking <sec> images of captain 's rescue adds to anger in south korea over ferry tragedy .  captain 's rescue happened while others were still in the sinking ship .  actions of captain and crew are under the microscop .
 the places where masterpieces are born <sec> artist winslow homer 's home and studio in maine will open to visitors in september .  n.c. wyeth 's studio holds a birch bark canoe , a wooden horse and other props .  much of frida kahlo 's home and studio in mexico city is reflected in her art .  the 17th-century baroque home and studio of peter-paul rubens is open to visitors in antwer .
 '22 jump street ' : the verdict is in <sec> `` 22 jump street '' is basically the same as `` 21 jump street '' .  but critics are praising the comedy sequel for its smart approach .  the jokes about sexuality are a noticeable flaw , one reviewer say .
 selling ballet to the masses in south africa <sec> harvard students give business advice to ballet company in south africa .  south african mzansi ballet has n't received government funding in years .  running art companies as businesses is crucial to their survival , experts sa .
 cnn student news - september 5 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 egyptian tycoon , ex-cop face execution <sec> egyptian mogul and ex-police officer guilty of lebanese singer tamim 's murder .  her body was found in apartment in united arab emirates .  prosecutors alleged moustafa paid ex-officer el sukkari $ 2m to kill tamim .  moustafa , el sukkari say prosecution 's evidence could have been made u .
 texas school board whitewashes history <sec> daniel czitrom co-wrote an american history textbook banned in texas eight years ago .  czitrom : texas still putting hard-right conservative stamp on what students learn .  writes : history according to texas ignores blacks , women , latinos , immigrants , pop culture .  it cheats students , trivializes history into pseudo-patriotic cheerleading , he write .
 linda lovelace : inside the life of the 'deep throat ' star <sec> more than 10 years after her death , linda lovelace remains a porn icon .  over the course of her career , she embraced and denounced `` deep throat '' .  some , like larry flynt , believe lovelace was used as a sex slave by her husban .
 white house asks what $ 40 dollars means to you <sec> white house asks public what $ 40 a paycheck means .  responses pour in to white house twitter and facebook accounts .  the payroll tax cut is worth roughly $ 1,000 a year -- or $ 40 a paycheck -- for an average family .  it affects roughly 160 million americans , the white house say .
 bmx pro rider t.j. lavin seriously injured in crash <sec> new : lavin remains in critical condition after friday accident .  pro dirt circuit bicyclist crashes in las vegas competition .  lavin is the host of an mtv reality competition progra .
 gas prices switch direction <sec> after plummeting for 11 weeks , gas prices are inching back up , a survey finds .  expect them to jump a bit more in the coming days , the publisher says .  the highest average in the survey is in long island ; the lowest is in salt lake cit .
