 porn producer vows to mandate condoms after hiv scare <sec> three porn actors recently tested positive for hiv , but did n't contract virus at work .  porn producer tristan taormino says she will require condoms on her set .  last time the industry attempted to mandate condoms , they saw revenue decline , group say .
 shark seriously injures california surfer <sec> unidentified man , 25 , suffers life-threatening injury , sheriff 's office says .  other surfers off eureka shore rescue victim , take him to hospita .
 festive , fashionable party pieces <sec> major labels like vera wang have more affordable 'sister ' brands .  bcbg max azaria is great for stylish and budget friendly belts and earrings .  ann taylor and loft have versitile options for under $ 10 .
 wrongful death lawsuit filed against cornell fraternity <sec> sophomore member of sigma alpha epsilon died with blood alcohol content of 0.409 % .  suit filed by his mother says fraternity pledges tied him up , forced him to drink .  fraternity 's national office says cornell chapter suspended after the death .  lawsuit cites three other alcohol-related deaths of sae members or pledge .
 fifa president blatter : brazil will be ready <sec> fifa president sepp blatter is confident brazil can host 2014 world cup .  concerns raised over brazil 's readiness for the confederations cup .  the world cup warm-up begins with brazil taking on japan on saturday .  fifa confirms nigeria will take part in the tournament despite bonus ro .
 peyton manning joins denver broncos <sec> new : fate of last year 's popular bronco qb tim tebow is uncertain .  new : `` i 'm proud to be a denver bronco , '' peyton manning says at news conference .  the former colt was named the nfl 's most valuable player a record four times .  colts owner congratulates peyton manning `` as he heads to a tremendous organization .
 aqap freed 6 fighters from yemeni prison , officials say <sec> three of six freed aqap prisoners were facing death penalty .  saudi arabia , germany and italy join the u.s. and other nations in suspending embassy operations in yemen .  the moves come after houthi rebels took control of yemen 's capita .
 `` i have no memory of a time without struggle '' <sec> filmmaker emad burnat has lived in the west bank under military occupation all his life .  he started filming the early years of his son 's life alongside the resistance of his village .  now , his documentary `` 5 broken cameras '' is up for best documentary at the oscar .
 mdundo : east african tunes for the mobile generation <sec> east african music platform mdundo has a library of 20,000 songs .  music lovers can download old and new tracks for free within a limit .  6,000 artists have singed up and 250,000 people have downloaded music so fa .
 france court ruling clears way for gay bill <sec> hollande is expected to sign the bill on saturday .  12 u.s. states and the district of columbia have legalized same-sex marriage .  several countries have ok 'd it , while others are split on the issu .
 hard times force parents to send eldest son to orphanage <sec> mother of three insists she is not `` throwing away '' her first-born child .  parents take 11-year-old to orphanage because they say they ca n't make ends meet .  more than 80 percent in orphanages have two living parents , indonesian study say .
 snow ca n't stop dortmund 's revival <sec> borussia dortmund fourth in german bundesliga after beating freiburg 2-0 .  german champions overcome snowy conditions to follow up european success .  schalke up to second place after 1-0 win over nuremberg on saturday .  wolfsburg move off bottom with win in first game since felix magath was sacke .
 three more sets of human remains found in possible serial killer case <sec> total of 8 bodies found during monthslong search for new jersey woman .  several remains turned up so close together police believe same person `` dumped '' them .  search continues for original perso .
 nascar driver trevor bayne diagnosed with multiple sclerosis <sec> multiple sclerosis is a chronic disease that affects the central nervous system .  doctors have cleared trevor bayne , 22 , to compete , his racing team says .  there is no cure for ms , but patients can manage symptoms with medication , healthy lifestyl .
 new york has what it takes to rebound <sec> mark skidmore : disaster 's impact depends on where the devastation occured .  he says despite staggering loss , n.y. region has everything going for it to recover .  skidmore : economies suffer in the periods immediately after a disaster .  but as money from insurance and government flow into the region , economy will reboun .
 10 humor sites sure to make you lol <sec> forget lol cats , here are 10 lesser-known web sites that will give you a laugh .  `` laser portraits '' highlights cheesy school pictures from the '80s .  `` my parents joined facebook '' gripes about mom reading your status updates .  `` this is why you 're fat '' collects food pics that make your cheeseburger look health .
 video : obama chats with couple about wedding <sec> president obama called newlyweds after his golf game interrupted their wedding plans .  `` i feel terrible , '' he told the couple .  obama said he would have skipped the 16th hole if he had know .
 buffalo soldier gets arlington burial after 100 years <sec> cpl . .  isaiah mays served as buffalo soldier in late 1800s .  mays received medal of honor but was denied federal pension .  he died in 1925 in an arizona state hospital that took care of poor .  group of hospital staff , veterans campaigned for mays ' burial at arlingto .
 mystery pelican deaths prompt beach warning in peru <sec> the health ministry asks people to avoid beaches in lima and north of the capital .  the warning comes after the discovery of hundreds of dead pelicans and dolphins .  it 's not clear what caused the deaths of the two different species or if they are connecte .
 australian election : has 'sexist ' tony abbott sunk 'gender war ' ? <sec> australian leadership candidate has been accused of sexism , misogyny .  polls show tony abbott is on track for an election victory on september 7 .  in 2012 , former pm julia gillard 's attack on him in parliament went viral .  australian voters do n't seem disturbed by recent sexist gaffe .
 ansel adams : capturing the drama and beauty of the american west <sec> over 100 prints by the famous u.s. photographer on show at uk 's national maritime museum .  adams ' photos of american west noted for meticulous composition and image clarity .  photographer 's work endlessly reprinted but exhibition hopes to re-energize engagemen .
 gop governors prepare to defend blemished economic records in 2016 - cnnpolitics.com <sec> some republicans mulling white house runs will have to defend struggling economies in their states .  chris christie in new jersey and bobby jindal in louisiana both have deficits to explai .
 civil rights photographs of march on washington ; martin luther king jr . <sec> `` this is the day : the march on washington '' is a photo essay of the march on washington .  the book shows many of the people who participated in the march .  images from the march were important in remembering the message , the co-producer say .
 messi beats muller 's 40-year goal record <sec> barcelona soccer star lionel messi breaks world record for goals in a calendar year .  argentina forward scores twice in opening 25 minutes of match against real betis .  the 25-year-old matches then surpasses the 1972 milestone set by gerd muller .  unbeaten barcelona win 2-1 at fifth-placed betis to extend record start to la liga seaso .
 new american embassy opens in baghdad <sec> new u.s. embassy in baghdad opens days after `` green zone '' control given to iraqis .  new embassy covers 104 acres and is the largest in the world .  as u.s. military presence ramps down , other aspects will ramp up , envoy says .  price tag for 27-building complex is at least $ 592 millio .
 video : isis purportedly beheads japanese hostage <sec> jordan says it is still trying to free a pilot held captive by isis .  repeated demands for isis to prove the pilot is still alive have not yielded any result .
 for sen. john kerry , life seems like audition for secretary of state <sec> sen. john kerry looks like the front-runner to replace outgoing secretary of state hillary clinton .  senate republicans have been touting kerry for that cabinet post in recent weeks .  kerry has a long history of overseas experience , starting with his childhoo .
 happy 20th birthday , playstation ! <sec> the sony playstation was launched in japan on december 3 , 1994 . .  sony is releasing a limited-edition 20th anniversary playstation 4 . .  only 12,300 of the units will be sold .
 tsarnaev 's punishment should fit horror of his crime <sec> robert blecker : in sentencing phase , the prosecution lays out wealth of evidence that dzhokhar tsarnaev deserves penalty reserved for the worst of the worst .  he predicts most of the jury will vote for a death sentence , but it must be unanimous ; therefore , tsarnaev will most likely get life in priso .
 even presidents need time to chill out <sec> experts : presidents work best when they take regular breaks from the job .  press secretary : when clinton worked too hard , decision-making suffered .  ford said he could think about things while swimming , his press secretary say .
 australians just days away from execution in indonesia <sec> australia pm : we hate drug crime , but we hate capital punishment , too .  prisoners will be notified 72 hours before execution is to take place .  two men to be shot are considered the leaders of failed heroin-smuggling plo .
 canada will look to china to sell its oil <sec> canada 's prime minister will travel to china in february .  the trip comes as canada looks to diversify its oil exports markets .  pm harper is pushing a canadian pipeline called the northern gateway project .  the project in western canada would make oil exports to china faster and cheape .
 celebrating christmas with aretha franklin <sec> aretha franklin 's new holiday album is `` this christmas , aretha '' .  franklin had never done a christmas album , thought it was about time .  famed singer will be performing at barack obama 's inauguratio .
 what fukushima accident did to the ocean <sec> fukushima disaster led to largest accidental release of radioactivity into ocean .  ken buesseler says the levels detected in the ocean water are not of concern to human health .  he says there is concern that levels of radioactivity in fish are not decreasing .  buesseler : levels that will reach u.s. west coast in 2013-14 are not high enough to harm human .
 money cow : the economy-boosting bovine <sec> in tanzania , women often do n't have collateral to secure loans .  victoria kisyombe started selfina , a micro-credit institution that finances female entrepreneurs .  kisyombe 's cow , sero , was the inspiration for her busines .
 9 people dead as extreme heat wave grips the midwest and south <sec> four deaths in missouri are suspected to be heat related .  the heat index in memphis , tennessee , reached 108 wednesday .  a man in alabama died from heat exposur .
 super-light sub has 'capability greater than u.s. navy ' <sec> deep-sea sub that can dive to 37,000 ft is light enough to launch from a yacht .  brainchild of designer graham hawkes who is in process of producing first craft .  `` deep flight ii '' has no price tag yet but current sub `` superfalcon '' cost $ 1.5 million .  hawkes : superfalcon has a capability greater than the u.s. nav .
 using lasers to preserve the world 's treasures <sec> a company called cyark specializes in digital preservation of threatened ancient and historical architecture .  founded by an iraqi-born engineer , it plans to preserve 500 world heritage sites within five year .
 corvettes fall into sinkhole at national corvette museum <sec> 40-foot wide sinkhole creates `` millions '' in damages at national corvette museum .  `` there 's a cave down there , '' says museum spokeswoman .  engineers say sky dome suffered no structural damage .  the cost of the damaged cars is `` substantial , '' a museum director say .
 obama signs child nutrition bill <sec> president obama signs a bill meant to encourage healthier eating habits among children .  the measure gives the government more power to set standards for schools .  the bill , which costs $ 4.5 billion , provides funding to subsidize meals for lower income childre .
 authorities quell inmate riot at kentucky prison <sec> guards regained control of kentucky prison early saturday after inmate uprising .  prison was placed on lockdown tuesday after fight among inmates .  warden planned to ease lockdown when fires broke out in priso .
 'sea of blue ' rally backs police <sec> `` sea of blue '' march and rally held in nation 's capital .  it follows protests of controversial police incident .
 howard : how to score best post-christmas deals <sec> clark howard : american consumers have been reluctant to buy this year .  he says you may get bargains after christmas , but big sales could come in january .  howard : january shoppers also wo n't have to face holiday crowds .  he says consumers should beware of `` going out of business '' sale .
 saving ahmed from starvation <sec> international rescue committee hospital is filled with people starving to death .  ahmed mohammad , 6 , is treated for malnutrition at hospital on somalia-kenya border .  once fat is all gone , a starving person 's body resorts to eating muscle tissue .  patients like ahmed must be given calories in small amounts because of shrunken stomach .
 jimena closes in on baja ; erika forms in atlantic <sec> hurricane jimena downgraded to category 3 , hurricane center says .  jimena 's maximum winds fall to 120 mph , but storm could strengthen .  hurricane warning covers most of the southern half of the baja peninsula .  tropical storm erika forms in eastern atlantic , national hurricane center say .
 30-day rape sentence may be illegal , says montana judge <sec> district judge g. todd baugh schedules a new hearing for friday .  he says it appears the mandatory minimum is two years , not 30 days .  cherice moralez , 14 when she was raped , committed suicide before her 17th birthda .
 nearly a year after sandy hook , nation remains torn about what 's next - cnnpolitics.com <sec> newtown shooting killed 20 elementary students , jolted the nation .  obama pursued tougher gun control measure , which stalled in the senate .  focus has shifted to states ; both sides in the debate are energized .  recall of legislators in colorado , midterm elections color issue in 201 .
 can rafael nadal 's mind conquer his ailing body in 2015 ? <sec> this year was bittersweet for rafael nadal , who won another major but suffered more injuries .  nadal sustained back and wrist injuries before undergoing appendix surgery in november .  the 14-time grand slam winner says he is hoping to be healthy for the start of the 2015 season .  nadal is putting an emphasis on the australian open , the year 's first major that starts next mont .
 u.s. to pay 'forgotten ' filipino world war ii veterans <sec> filipinos were promised full military benefits to enlist .  president truman later signed act reneging on promise .  only about 15,000 of the troops are still alive .  u.s. citizens will get $ 15,000 ; non-citizens will get $ 9,00 .
 death toll rises in philippines massacre <sec> new : burial looked hurried , local police chief superintendent says .  new : massacre was worst politically motivated violence in philippines ' recent history .  death toll from massacre rises to 46 , a day after the brutal attack .  mangudadatu says he had received threats if he filed the candidate papers himsel .
 adebayor double lifts spurs up to third <sec> emmanuel adebayor scores both goals in tottenham 's 2-0 win over aston villa .  manager harry redknapp returns to the dugout following minor heart surgery .  home win lifts tottenham above chelsea and newcastle into third place on goal difference .  malaga up to fifth in spain 's la liga with 3-1 win at bottom club racing santande .
 anger in china over attack on students in france <sec> six chinese students were attacked by three drunk local residents , authorities say .  one student suffered a serious injury after a bottle was thrown in her face .  the chinese embassy strongly condemns the attack .  there are more than 30,000 chinese students in french higher educatio .
 desperation grows as flooded haiti city awaits aid <sec> gonaives , haiti , cut off from rest of country by flooded roads , washed-out bridges .  some flood survivors say they have n't received aid in a week .  logistical problems prompt aid workers to warn of deepening humanitarian crisis .  at least 341 people have died in four storms in hait .
 protecting against piracy difficult in vast area <sec> u.s. navy vice adm. bill gortney : `` it 's an immense body of water '' .  gortney : size of a box from houston to chicago to new york to jacksonville , florida .  gortney : `` there 's about a 10-minute window ... that we have time to act '' .  gortney spoke after u.s. navy snipers killed three pirates , freeing u.s. hostag .
 iraqi pm cites lack of evidence in release of man wanted by us in killings of soldiers <sec> prime minister nuri al-maliki cites lack of evidence in the release of ali daqduq .  he also says iraqi law does not allow for the extradition of daqduq .  the u.s. military says daqduq is a 24-year veteran of hezbollah .  daqduq is accused of kidnapping and killing five u.s. soldiers in iraq in 200 .
 cdc official accused of child molestation , bestiality <sec> new : the two are accused of `` immoral and indecent '' sexual acts involving a 6-year-old .  new : the bestiality charge alleges lindsey performed `` a sexual act with an animal '' .  dr. kimberly lindsey is a supervisory health scientist at the cdc .  lindsey remains jailed ; westerman is out on bai .
 quake hits off cayman islands <sec> no immediate reports of injuries after earthquake off cayman islands .  `` there was quite a bit of shaking , '' says shop manager in george town , cayman islands .  u.k. territory in caribbean about 600 miles west of port-au-prince , hait .
 commentary : a day to rejoice -- and recommit <sec> donna brazile : obama 's inauguration is a time for rejoicing and rededication .  brazile : hardly anyone took obama seriously as a candidate two years ago .  brazile : he did n't run as an african-american candidate but as a democrat .  brazile : we are perhaps ready to achieve what lincoln and the rev . .  king fought fo .
 victoria principal puts up money to prevent oil spills <sec> the actress makes `` extremely generous '' donations to groups working against offshore drilling .  `` waiting until a disaster happens is waiting until it 's too late , '' victoria principal says .  it 's her second large donation to oceana and the natural resource defense council .  principal helped cnn raise $ 1.8 million for gulf coast oil disaster relief in june 201 .
 clashes , chaos erupt at ankara gathering for slain protester <sec> pots and pans echo , tear gas wafts over istanbul streets .  clashes erupt in ankara , including at an event to honor a slain protester .  erdogan supporters cheer for him at an istanbul rally .  erdogan remains defiant of protest demand .
 get euro 2008 goal alerts on your mobile <sec> get goal alerts , euro 2008 news on the move at http : //cnnmobile.com/euro2008 .  visit http : //cnnmobile.com/ for details about using cnn mobil .
 oscar night 's highs and lows on twitter <sec> the most tweeted about moment of the night was the best picture win for `` argo '' .  on google , the busiest moment of the night happened when william shatner came on stage .  overall there were 8.9 million tweets about the academy award .
 teen facing trial for having sex with girl offered plea deal <sec> kaitlyn hunt faces 2 felony counts of lewd and lascivious battery in florida .  she was 18 when she allegedly had a sexual relationship with a 14-year-old girl .  hunt says it was consensual ; the younger teen 's parents say they want to protect their child .  prosecutors offer a plea deal involving community service , probation , but no jail tim .
 richard gere pleads for nobel winner release <sec> protest to honor liu xiaobo draws small crowd .  actor reads from a statement liu issued before he was sentenced .  liu is the first nobel peace prize winner in 75 years to be unable to accept the priz .
