 british airways head lashes out at 'redundant ' us security demands <sec> new : us official : `` off-the-cuff '' remarks do n't reflect us-uk working relationship .  a british government minister says he 's responding to industry concerns .  security delays are among passengers ' top annoyances , a travel website says .  other industry executives agree with ba , the head of an umbrella organization told cn .
 north korea 's foreign mission : bake baguettes <sec> a north korean food plant has sent staff abroad to try to learn how to make baguettes .  last year , north korean officials went to france to look for cheese recipe .
 suharto was charming , but lethal <sec> former indonesian president suharto dead at 86 .  ruthless general credited with shaping modern indonesia .  iron fist control of southeast asian nation left hundreds of thousands dea .
 beware facebook 'hilarious video ' scam <sec> attack attempts to steal your login , install malware on your computer and get your address .  the attack is spread via a `` hilarious video '' posted to facebook walls .  to avoid getting caught , remove the video if you find it on your facebook wal .
 egyptian writer shares passion for her country with the world <sec> ahdaf soueif was the first muslim woman to be shortlisted for the booker prize .  her most recent book `` cairo : my city , our revolution '' was a personal account of the egyptian revolution .  souief will be in london this weekend for women of the world festiva .
 india greets myanmar junta leader <sec> india and myanmar have long had a close relationship .  the leader of myanmar 's military junta is on a five-day visit .  the united states wants india and its neighbors to push myanmar for reform .
 voters go to the polls in algeria <sec> turnout was about 15 percent .  voters are choosing members of parliament .  about 500 international observers are in algeria for the electio .
 deadly wave of bombings across iraq ahead of elections <sec> toll in attacks rises to at least 42 killed , more than 257 wounded .  attackers hit targets in at least six provinces .  shiite neighborhoods , police checkpoints , political offices are among the targets .  politicians fear violence will keep voters at home in this week 's election .
 official : u.s. , egypt talk ways to 'move ' political transition forward <sec> new : a u.s. official says egypt 's government and the opposition should talk now .  new : an egyptian official chastises the u.s. for `` vague '' statements on the transition .  u.s. , egyptian officials discuss ways to `` move '' the political process , a spokesman says .  u.s. officials , lawmakers have upped their public pressure on mubarak 's governmen .
 mahendra singh dhoni retires from test match cricket <sec> ms dhoni has retired from test cricket .  indian captain made announcement after series defeat by australia .  dhoni led india to 27 victories in 60 test matches as captain .  the 33-year-old will now concentrate on one-day and twenty20 cricke .
 'american idol ' : five things we learned backstage <sec> producers and judges : the girls have a strong chance of breaking the male-winner streak .  velez has made it a point to show off his spanish skills during his performances .  minaj 's razor-sharp tongue and bluntness have some of the contestants sweatin .
 official : grenade explodes at checkpoint near base in kabul <sec> the blast occurred during a vehicle inspection near camp eggers , isaf said .  no casualties were reported , but the blast forced a temporary lockdown at the base .  in eastern afghanistan , an isaf service member was killed , isaf sai .
 china renames menu items for olympics <sec> `` chicken without sexual life '' has been transformed into `` steamed pullet '' .  the chinese say the dishes ' names focus more on appearance than taste or smell .  more than 2,000 proposed names have been offered to beijing hotel .
 pakistan team holds first direct talks with taliban <sec> talks to be held in tribal region of north waziristan .  it 's the first direct contact between both sides .  pakistan taliban announced a cease-fire on march 1 .  pakistan prime minister is under pressure to bring violence under contro .
 john edwards : once a cheater , always a cheater ? <sec> john edwards stood trial on accusations of violating campaign finance laws .  edwards is accused of using campaign funds to cover up an extramarital affair .  edwards was acquitted of one count , and the jury deadlocked on the remaining five count .
 florida gulf coast university goes from unknown to tournament darling <sec> andy enfield 's team is the first no . .  15 regional seed to ever get to the sweet 16 .  florida gulf coast university near fort myers has more than 11,000 students .  enfield has been successful throughout his life , even off the court .  the basketball program became eligible for the ncaa tournament two years ag .
 north korea condemns south over warship claims <sec> north korea denies claim it torpedoed warship .  pyongyang says south korea fabricated evidence .  china , japan , south korea address crisis at meetin .
 four die on mount everest <sec> new : odds of surviving a night outside camp are poor , a u.s. expert says .  at least four people have died coming down from everest 's summit , officials say .  adverse weather conditions delayed summiting from the south side , another official says .  with four deaths , six have been killed this season so far , ministry official say .
 experimental vaccine gives father of the bride precious time <sec> clinical trial to treat glioblastomas tests vaccines made from patients ' own tumors .  no patients who received vaccines have seen their cancers return .  the vaccines alert the body 's immune system to attack multiple points on the cancer cells . .  using a vaccine to fight cancer makes sense to steve holl , a biologist who lives in californi .
 china 's new president in corruption battle <sec> people in china say corruption is worse than ever .  china 's new president has promised to root out graft .  some remain skeptical that reforms will materialize .  npc delegate dennis han is calling for asset declaration requirements for official .
 two killed in michigan college shooting <sec> new : police believe man shot woman in murder-suicide .  new : school offers condolences to `` young woman who lost her life today '' .  man , woman found dead in classroom building at henry ford community college .  scene is contained , campus will remain closed for rest of frida .
 cia apologizes for spying on senate committee - cnnpolitics.com <sec> cia director john brennan apologized for incident involving intelligence panel .  allegations involved spying on committee staffers working on a report on cia interrogations .  the justice department probed the matter briefly , but dropped the inquiry .  but the cia inspector general found some problems for which brennan apologize .
 few answers in haiti after 'baby doc ' duvalier 's surprise return <sec> new : associate does not know how long duvalier will stay .  rights groups urge haiti to arrest the former dictator .  the reasons behind duvalier 's return are not immediately clear .  he has been living in exile in france for about 25 year .
 richard branson does drag after losing bet <sec> virgin group chairman and founder sir richard branson honored a lost bet by serving as flight attendant on airasia x .  branson donned lipstick , high heels and a red skirt for the stunt .  flight raised almost $ 200,000 for children 's charity .  branson `` spilled '' drink tray on airasia group ceo tony fernande .
 'egypt needs fewer megaprojects , more running water ' <sec> egypt continues to suffer from a wide range of economic and social issues , writes amr kotb .  former president hosni mubarak 's fix-all neoliberal projects benefit a few , he says .  he asks : could n't the government allocate funding to social programs ? .  kotb : it would show that the government is directly affecting the livelihood of more than a fe .
 'fantasy island ' actor ricardo montalban dead at 88 <sec> montalban 's health was deteriorating , but he `` died peacefully '' in his home .  montalban rose to fame as one of mgm 's most visible hispanic actors in 1950s .  the mexican-born actor was best known for his roles on `` fantasy island , '' `` star trek '' .  montalban was dedicated to changing hollywood 's stereotypes of latino .
 haqqani leader turned network into 'killing machine , ' intelligence officials say <sec> haqqani sirajuddin is described by analysts as more radicalized and violent than his brothers .  his network is based in pakistan 's tribal region .  he is widely respected among other insurgents .  the haqqani network has been described as a 'family business .
 europe 's public health disaster : how austerity kills <sec> health experts david stuckler and sanjay basu say that if austerity had been a clinical trial , it would have been stopped .  they have analyzed how austerity affects health and have found it drives up suicide , depression and illness rates .  they say the suffering of greeks is not inevitable , with history showing stimulus can work better than austerity .  the authors argue the world has forgotten lessons from the past , and this is proving fata .
 when a child goes missing , there is no playbook <sec> when a child goes missing , a community comes together .  cnn editor kristi ramsay participated in search for missing girl .  you have to ignore `` what if '' scenarios in order to stay focused , she says .  behind every missing child poster is a similar heartach .
 court : defendants with limited english have right to interpreter <sec> defendant says she did not understand her options .  the aclu says the case violated the constitution .  the woman was sentenced to 10 years in the 2008 cas .
 internet celebrity hitchhiker with hatchet arrested in murder case <sec> new : caleb lawrence mcgillvary , aka `` kai the hatchet wielding hitchhiker , '' is arrested .  new : suspect and murder victim had a sexual relationship , prosecutor says .  new : victim , a `` well-respected '' attorney for 40 years , was found dead in bedroom .  new : philadelphia police arrest mcgillvary , 24 , at a bus depo .
 debit card fees bite into child support payments <sec> virginia is one of two dozen states that use debit cards to distribute child support .  fees include 50 cents for telephone balance inquiry , $ 2.75 at out-of-network bank .  lawyer advises against using debit cards : `` they will nickel-and-dime you to death '' .  child-support recipients in virginia can choose debit cards , direct deposit or check .
 could taliban prisoner exchange free u.s. pow ? <sec> the two sides held meetings in 2011 and 2012 .  sgt . .  bowe bergdahl was captured in afghanistan in 2009 .  the taliban is likely to push for the release of guantanamo detainee .
 holiday warning : beware of flying sturgeons <sec> sturgeon jumped in a boat , breaking tina fletcher 's tibia and fibula .  gulf sturgeon can grow up to 8 feet long and weigh up to 200 pounds .  up to 14,000 of these fish swim into the suwannee river each season , official estimate .
 afghan media blackout ordered as violence threatens vote <sec> afghan media blackout called amid fresh violence in kabul .  seven afghan election workers killed by roadside bombs .  corruption , insurgency expected to be voters ' top issues .  president faces major challenges from two of his former minister .
 dominicans weigh blocking illegal immigrants from public schools <sec> dominican officials say immigration regulations are the country 's sovereign right .  immigrant advocates have criticized the move .  it is likely to affect a large number of immigrants from neighboring haiti .  `` we are not trying to violate ( rights ) , but rather regulate , '' one official say .
 november on road to durban : a green city journey <sec> november 's road to durban comes from south africa .  nkepile mabuto visits a coal mine helping to build clean and efficient new homes .  ayesha durgahee discovers an aquarium harnessing the power of the wind and su .
 blasts kill at least 16 in iraq <sec> car bombs go off in baghdad and babil province .  dozens are wounded in 10 incidents .  iraq has been beset by violenc .
 wynonna : freedom ai n't free , baby <sec> wynonna judd is committed to helping wounded u.s. troops and their families .  some of the proceeds from her music goes to the wounded warrior project .  judd : these families have 'changed my life by giving me a reason to sing .
 8 famous harvard dropouts not named gates or zuckerberg <sec> matt damon says he was in and out of harvard at the beginning of his film career .  poet robert frost and william randolph hearst dropped out of harvard .  pete seeger cites an interest in left-wing politics for letting his grades slip at harvard .  elizabeth shue dropped out , but returned to complete her degre .
 arkansas judge loses his job over online comments <sec> state supreme court dismisses a judge over his comments on a social media site .  the judge referred to a closed-record adoption involving actress charlize theron .  judge michael maggio also acknowledged posting comments in other cases .  maggio now can not hold judicial office in arkansas , according to the state supreme cour .
 the world 's most mysterious buildings <sec> these peculiar buildings are mysterious beyond ghost stories , legends and fables .  from prehistoric secrets to anonymous patrons , these places intrigue .  architecture can be as haunting as the lingering aura of tragic history .  see the buildings in the united states , mexico , denmark , among other .
 wear purple today to support gay rights <sec> lz granderson says that when he buys roses , cashier assumes partner is a woman .  he says such things are an everyday fact of his life and should be corrected to fight bias .  he says it 's good to support lgbt people but especially important to actively do it .  granderson : today is `` spirit day '' ; wear purple to show lgbt people you support the .
 paul walker 's father shares memories of son <sec> actor paul walker died in a car crash on november 30 , 2013 .  his father , paul walker iii , shared memories with e ! .  online .  `` paul just radiated love and you ca n't fake that , '' he sai .
 tiger woods improves at honda classic but has ground to make up <sec> tiger woods has a better day at the honda classic on friday in florida .  woods shot a 1-under 69 but still trailed clubhouse leader rory mcilroy by 11 shots .  former champion mcilroy shot a 66 a day after registering a 63 in palm beach gardens .  henrik stenson and phil mickelson are among those expected to miss the cu .
 women , children among 38 killed near iraq festival <sec> female suicide bomber detonates in a crowd on way to a religious festival .  in recent years , insurgents have targeted iraqi shiite pilgrims walking to karbala .  2 children killed in separate incident when unexploded mortar round explode .
 turkey to serve as protecting power for u.s. in libya <sec> new : turkey will also represent italian and british interests .  turkey will represent u.s. interests in libya .  it will look after american diplomatic facilities .  turkey can also pass messages between the two nation .
 arkansas democratic chairman killed in shooting <sec> arkansas democratic party chairman bill gwatney dies after shooting .  suspect killed when police shot him in standoff .  chairman 's aide asked nearby store owner to call 911 .  police are trying to verify suspect 's identity and looking for motiv .
 prince harry gets the comic-book treatment , stars in graphic novel <sec> a comic book detailing the life of prince harry will be available august 24 .  `` it 's time to focus our attention on the wild child , '' the publisher says .  the comic is a companion to `` the royals : prince william and kate middleton .
 nic robertson : same old karadzic <sec> radovan karadzic faces 11 counts of genocide , war crimes , crimes against humanity .  charges stem partly from 1995 mass killing of muslim men in bosnian town of srebrenica .  karadzic , the bosnian serb president at the time , accused of responsibility for the massacre .  he told international tribunal at the hague that the serb cause is `` just and holy .
 claims against contractor dismissed in soldier 's death <sec> sgt . .  christopher everett died using a power washer at u.s. base in western iraq .  judges in texas , florida drop military contractor kbr from family 's lawsuits .  kbr 's electrical work in iraq , afghanistan has come under criticism from congress .  pentagon report criticizes houston-based contractor in death of another soldie .
 facebook to show amber alerts <sec> facebook users can sign up to get amber alerts .  the program is named for amber hagerman , who was abducted and killed in 1996 .  some 800,000 children are reported missing each yea .
 why gop candidates like to bring up israel <sec> frida ghitis says gop candidates avow support for israel more and more frequently .  she says they are not courting small jewish vote as much as large pro-israel vote .  she says if candidates really want to help israel , they should back off inflammatory remarks .  ghitis : most israelis back two-state solution ; gingrich 's palestinian comment hurt .
 israel : american arrested in plot against muslim sites <sec> shin beit : american arrested with `` ammunition and explosives stolen from the idf '' .  adam livix came to region in 2013 , lied about being a navy seal , israeli agency says .  he surveyed possible terror targets for attacks on muslim holy sites , shin beit add .
 execution problems prompt one-week reprieve for ohio inmate <sec> ohio gov . .  ted strickland gave reprieve to romell broom , 52 .  authorities tried for hours to find a vein to administer lethal injection .  broom 's execution was initially scheduled for 10 a.m . .  et , delayed for legal reason .
 syrian refugees flood into turkey <sec> a record number are arriving in turkey from syria ; more than 23,000 are said to be there .  they are fleeing military offensives in syria .  turkey has asked the u.n. to witness the flow firsthan .
 opinion : do n't mock scalia about the devil <sec> rebecca buckwalter-poza : interview with justice antonin scalia took a turn toward religion .  interviewer surprised scalia believes in devil , and writer has faced similar surprise .  she says as recent catholic she 's been shocked at disdain some elites hold for faithful .  writer : most in u.s. are religious , and policymakers should n't scoff at such conviction .
 ammo dump explodes in congo , killing 200 <sec> hospitals are overflowing with wounded , an official says .  an electrical short is the suspected cause of the ammo dump blasts .  congo 's government says the explosions killed at least 200 people .  the concussions broke windows across the congo river in kinshas .
 marine reservist tahmooressi arrested after release from mexico jail <sec> tahmooressi released from georgia jail after his dui , open container arrest .  last year , he spent 7 months in a mexico jai .
 weight loss success : running to lose over 120 pounds <sec> sarah evans lost more than120 pounds over 20 months .  she credits running for much of the weight loss .  she now hopes to inspire others through a program of her ow .
 france blasts 'cruelty ' as boko haram displays kidnapped family <sec> nigerian islamist rebels show video of kidnapped family .  france denounces the scene as `` cruelty without limits '' .  boko haram wants jailed members and their wives released .  a masked spokesman says france has declared war in isla .
 indonesian police foil plan to detonate bombs over easter <sec> authorities found about 150 kilograms ( 330 pounds ) of explosives near a church .  police arrest 19 allegedly tied to either the church bomb or mail bombs .  there 's a christian minority in the largely muslim natio .
 nyc officials to probe response to last week 's blizzard <sec> authorities in queens and brooklyn are reviewing snow removal after blizzard .  district attorney in queens stops short of saying a formal investigation is warranted .  department of investigation commissioner urges anyone with information to step forward .  sanitation workers are accused of having deliberately slowed down cleanup effort .
 jesse jackson : obama needs to bring more attention to jena 6 <sec> the state newspaper : jackson says obama `` acting like he 's white '' in jena case .  jackson tells the state he does not recall making comment .  civil rights leader later applauded obama for `` speaking out '' on issue .  obama hopes prosecutor will `` reconsider the excessive charges .
