 fda mulls future of electroshock therapy <sec> roughly 100,000 people in the u.s. now receive ect each year .  fda meeting to consider whether machines used in ect should be more tightly regulated .  critics say treatment and potential side effects are serious enough to merit revie .
 va boss plans 'personnel action ' this week - cnnpolitics.com <sec> workers responsible for manipulating patient wait lists at one center face action .  70 locations being investigated , va boss says .  he will wait for each investigation to be complete before anyone can be fire .
 vatican reveals pope benedict 's new title <sec> benedict xvi will keep his name and still be addressed as `` his holiness '' after he resigns .  he will give up the red mantle and shoes of the pope and dress in a simple white robe .  as he leaves office at 8 p.m. thursday , the swiss guards will leave castel gandolfo .  cardinals are already gathering in rome ahead of their meeting to choose the pope 's successo .
 funeral service held for james gandolfini <sec> funeral for james gandolfini is held thursday in new york city .  'the sopranos ' creator was scheduled to speak .  family and close friends attended a private wake wednesday in new jerse .
 jury begins deliberations in new york subway bomb plot case <sec> new : a federal jury in new york begins deliberations in adis medunjanin 's case .  he is accused of conspiring with two others to bomb new york 's subway system .  his defense lawyer denies that his client was part of any such plot .  medunjanin went to pakistan to join the taliban , not al qaeda , his lawyer say .
 district attorney battles police chief in syracuse sex abuse probe <sec> district attorney accuses police chief of leaking affidavit to the media .  syracuse mayor defends actions of the police department .  assistant coach bernie fine was placed on administrative leave last wee .
 psg complete alex signing but rule out january move for tevez <sec> paris saint-germain complete signing of brazil defender alex from chelsea .  alex re-united with former chelsea coach carlo ancelotti .  ancelotti rules out january move for manchester city 's carlos tevez .  tevez 's agent kia joorabchian claims his player will eventually join ps .
 for pedicures , be careful where you step <sec> some people get fungal nails or infections from pedicures .  make sure that instruments are getting sterilized properly .  tubs need to be cleaned with an epa-registered hospital disinfectan .
 mcilroy targeting major assault in 2013 <sec> rory mcilroy tells cnn he 's gunning for all four major tournaments in 2013 golf season .  the 23-year-old had a stellar 2012 winning five tournaments , including his second major .  mcilroy says a greater understanding of his own game has elevated his performances .  northern irishman signed off in 2012 with victory at the race to dubai on european tou .
 isner reflects on 'crazy ' match which did not want to end <sec> john isner tells cnn his match against nicolas mahut at wimbledon was 'absolutely crazy ' .  american started to think that his 11-hour marathon would never finish .  isner eventually closed it out after 183 games which smashed all previous records .  he lost his second round match in straight sets and is now resting back in u.s .
 jubilant crowds welcome hamas leader to gaza <sec> new : hamas leader khaled meshaal receives a hero 's welcome in gaza .  new : `` we owe the heroes and martyrs , '' meshaal says .  he is in gaza to mark the 25th anniversary of the founding of hamas .  the visit comes two weeks after the end of a bloody conflict with israe .
 obama promises support to oil-stricken region over the long haul <sec> obama vows to put federal muscle behind cleanup , says there are alternatives to `` top kill '' .  obama : `` i ultimately take responsibility '' .  feds to triple manpower on beaches that have been hit by oil .  obama : americans can help by visiting region ; most gulf beaches are open , safe , clea .
 opinion : rubio made 2 fatal mistakes with latinos <sec> raul reyes : in seeking latino vote , marco rubio his own worst enemy on two key issues : immigration reform , cuba relations .  he says on health care , climate change and other issues , he breaks from latinos ' positions . .  polls show they do n't favor hi .
 how to handle a bad gift from a boyfriend <sec> 't is the time of the year when some really bad gifts can be delivered .  it 's always bad for live-in partner to gift something to make it easier to clean up after them .  boyfriends can be clueless , so develop lists of favorites on etsy or amazon .  totally thoughtless gifts may be sign that your relationship is about to en .
 legal battle puts skype 's future in jeopardy , owner says <sec> a legal battle puts the future of skype in jeopardy , according to owner ebay .  skype in legal battle with company behind some of its software .  ebay says without software skype 's `` business ... would likely not be possible .
 mexes wonder goal lifts milan into knockout stages <sec> philippe mexes wonder goal helps ac milan progress .  dortmund win group d after 4-1 win at ajax amsterdam .  man city exit champions league after 1-1 draw at home to real madrid .  schalke and arsenal qualify from group .
 struggling nevada town sees sunnier times ahead <sec> boulder city , nevada , a small town near the hoover dam , has declining tax revenues .  a new solar energy field nearby brought jobs , leasing fees .  sempra energy says rural nevada is ideal for harvesting large amounts of energy .  boulder city site has about 1,000,000 solar panel .
 the 9 most awkward moments in pageant history <sec> talent shows prime opportunity onstage flubs , as miss utah and other contestants have proven .  it 's not easy to describe your views on world affairs in front of millions of people .  honey boo boo is in a league of her own .  follow cnn living on facebook and twitte .
 body parts found in taiwan rock slides <sec> four sets have been discovered , with dna testing to be done .  typhoon megi unleashed the slides last week .  nineteen tourists from southern china are among the missing .  a search also is on for a chinese tour group leader and a taiwanese bus drive .
 brazil tops worldwide h1n1 deaths , officials say <sec> nearly 1,800 people died worldwide of h1n1 through august 13 .  brazil , argentina , chile , mexico and u.s. have most total cases globally .  u.s. health officials said that up to 90,000 could die from new strain .  seasonal flu typically kills about 64,000 americans each yea .
 dubai court jails boy 's hiv rapist <sec> dubai court sentences two men to 15 years for rape , kidnapping of 15-year-old boy .  one of the attackers was knowingly hiv-positive at the time of the rape .  family of the french victim says this makes attack akin to attempted murder .  family say case investigation botched , want more severe sentenc .
 witnesses : attacks intensify in misrata , benghazi after fatal strike <sec> new : witnesses report heavy fire from gadhafi forces in misrata and benghazi .  new : one man thinks it is `` revenge '' for a strike killing one of gadhafi 's sons .  nato 's leader reaffirms the mission , rejecting `` any threat against italy or any other ally '' .  earlier saturday , gadhafi called on nato to end airstrikes targeting his force .
 the best moments from comic-con <sec> san diego comic-con is the largest pop culture convention in north america .  people from all walks of life visit the convention every year .  take a tour of the convention with short video interviews from ireporters .  at comic-con ? .  share your own mini-interviews at cnn irepor .
 jury deliberates 'desperate housewives ' trial <sec> new : 9 women , 3 men will decide if character edie britt 's death was revenge against actress .  edie britt died for `` creative reasons '' to surprise viewers , the defense argues .  actress nicollette sheridan accuses the series creator marc cherry of hitting her .  sheridan 's lawyers accuse abc , cherry of covering up evidenc .
 li na shrugs off shock indian wells exit <sec> flavia pennetta shocks world no . .  2 li na to reach final at indian wells .  italian will face world no . .  3 agnieszka radwanska in sunday 's title match .  poland 's radwanska ends run of romania 's rising star simona halep .  men 's no . .  2 novak djokovic sets up semifinal against john isne .
 kiteboarders evade sharks to conquer atlantic <sec> six-strong team of kiteboarders set record for relay crossing of atlantic .  6,000km journey from canary islands to turks and caicos islands .  27-day venture with each kiteboarder doing four hours per day .  team encountered sharks and severe weather system .
 riot police swarm anti-ahmadinejad protesters in fury over currency <sec> several people , including two europeans , are reported arrested .  the u.s. state department says it is `` watching the situation very closely '' .  iranians describe the stress and fear plaguing them .  pres . .  ahmadinejad blamed international `` psychological warfare .
 u.s. working to ease tensions in japan rape case <sec> new : u.s. may send high-level officials to okinawa .  japan 's prime minister calls alleged assault on girl `` unforgivable '' .  authorities have not charged marine with crim .
 emotional nadal routs verdasco for record sixth title in monte carlo <sec> rafael nadal wins a record-equaling sixth consecutive monte carlo masters title .  world no . .  3 matches mark set by englishman reggie doherty early in 20th century .  nadal crushes fellow spaniard fernando verdasco 6-0 6-1 in the final on sunday .  samantha stosur claims her second wta tour title with victory at family circle cu .
 freddie gray case : the legal issues <sec> were the police justified in stopping freddie gray ? .  can they be held liable for his death .
 8 slain in edmonton , police say <sec> alberta premier extends condolences to people affected by the slayings .  family feared suspected killer was suicidal , police say .  9 bodies found at three crime scenes in western canada .  police chief says it was a domestic disput .
 john woo : master of the explosive epic <sec> `` mission impossible ii '' and `` red cliff '' director has worked with hollywood a-listers .  latest film a welcome return to working outside of hollywood studio system .  growing up in hong kong was `` hell '' ; found escape in cinemas and theaters .  originally wanted to be a priest , but encouraged by ministers to be an artis .
 india 's spacecraft reaches mars orbit <sec> india 's mars orbiter mission entered mars ' orbit wednesday .  india 's spacecraft cost $ 74 million , a fraction of the $ 671 million spent by nasa 's maven .  india pm narendra modi praises country 's efforts .  entering mars ' orbit is complicated , as nearly half of all attempts have faile .
 half moon hotel shows baku 's stellar architectural ambitions <sec> baku , capital of azerbaijan , is undergoing a major face-lift .  major project called 'white city ' is planned for old oil refinery site .  new iconic buildings like hotel crescent are also being built .  infrastructure to make it a regional hub also being improve .
 marquez brothers make motogp history in valencia <sec> marc marquez wins season-ending motogp race in valencia .  sets new record of 13 victories in a season .  younger brother alex wraps up moto3 title .  first brothers to hold motorcycle world titles at same tim .
 photos : in the eye of the ebola storm <sec> photographer luigi baldelli documented the ebola epidemic in sierra leone in early august .  baldelli was only allowed to shoot no less than a meter away from his subjects .  view high-resolution photos of baldelli 's ebola in sierra leone projec .
 'sharknado ' sequel adds mark mcgrath , kelly osbourne , andy dick , more <sec> the 'sharknado ' sequel is adding to the cast .  this time a freak weather system turns deadly in new york city .  ian ziering and tara reid will retur .
 twittering from the tractor : smartphones sprout on the farm <sec> smartphones and online social networks are gaining popularity on farms .  farmers use internet phones to check weather and monitor pesticides .  nebraska farmer says his twitter posts help bridge the urban-rural divide .  another says phones and social media connect eaters with sources of foo .
 leaving las vegas : prince harry puts scandal behind him on u.s. tour <sec> britain 's prince harry is on an official tour of the united states .  he visited the warrior games at the weekend , combining his love of sport and his role as a soldier .  the royal 's last visit -- a private trip to las vegas -- ended in a nude photo scandal .  this time he is rebuilding his public imag .
 andy murray survives five match points to win title <sec> andy murray wins shenzhen open in china .  survives five match points to beat tommy robredo .  first title in 15 months for murray .  scot bidding to qualify for atp world tour finals in londo .
 the iraq war is mine , yours , ours <sec> paul rieckhoff says he once was fooled into thinking the iraq war was over .  after the `` mission accomplished '' speech , the real war began , he says .  whatever happens after u.s. troops leave iraq , the war will continue for america .  he says it could cost up to $ 1 trillion to care for the iraq , afghanistan veteran .
 travel where it 's summer right now <sec> it 's summer in some of our favorite parts of the globe .  australia , africa and parts of latin america are actually war .
 ukraine , russia to ok trade roadmap , prime minister mykola azarov says <sec> new : ukraine 's pm says road map to improved russia-ukraine trade relations to be signed .  eu official says kiev has failed to show `` clear commitment '' .  `` work on hold , '' eu commissioner fule tweets .  `` america is with you , i am with you , '' sen. mccain tells demonstrators in kie .
 afghan crash highlights critical , dangerous role of special forces <sec> the use of u.s. special operations forces in afghanistan has grown .  special operations command now has a strength of 60,000 .  commander : sof carried out `` somewhere between 3,000 and 4,000 operations '' in 2010 .  of the 33,000 u.s. troops to be withdrawn by the end of 2012 , none will be special force .
 flannery o'connor : a 'contrary ' woman 's legacy <sec> new biography of flannery o'connor offers insights on southern author .  biographer brad gooch : o'connor 's discipline was `` inspiring '' .  author suffered from lupus , was dead by 39 , but left brilliant body of wor .
 measured tones mask washington 's fury with hong kong <sec> washington sends tersely worded statement to hong kong over snowden case .  understated language spells out u.s. anger that snowden was allowed to leave for moscow .  speculation strong beijing was behind decision to allow snowden to leave hong kong .  analysts say hong kong acted within its laws and independently of beijin .
 3 killed when two planes collide near colorado airport <sec> three people were killed saturday in a midair collision over boulder , colorado .  one of the planes was towing a glider , boulder county sheriff 's department says .  the glider pilot was able to detach and land safely , sheriff 's department say .
 redskins should have stopped rgiii <sec> jeff pearlman : we do things when we 're young and foolish ; wiser heads try to stop us .  on sunday , redskins quarterback stayed in the game , worsening a leg injury .  he says coach let him go back in ; seahawks saw weakness , pummeled him .  pearlman : shanahan should n't have let him play ; too many players ruined like thi .
 storm brings rain , snow and mudslides to california <sec> new : evacuations caused by flooding in kern county , california are lifted .  isolated mudslides follow heavy rains , leading to road closures .  a winter storm warning is in effect for california 's sierra nevada .  mudslides will remain a threat for the next few day .
 obama : iran nuclear deal limits ability to create nuclear weapons <sec> iran 's foreign minister says iran retains the right to nuclear technology .  but it does not retain the right to enrich uranium , secretary of state john kerry says .  the deal includes substantial limitations to prevent the creation of nuclear weapons , obama says .  the deal follows marathon talks that stretched into early sunday mornin .
 'clean ' debt-ceiling hike clears house , heads to senate <sec> less than three dozen republicans join almost all of the democrats to back bill .  gop sen. cruz says he will filibuster the measure .  the debt ceiling must be raised by february 27 .  republicans wanted to add conditions opposed by democrats , white hous .
 at least 51 die in roof collapse at latvian supermarket <sec> new : death toll in the roof collapse at a supermarket in riga has risen to 51 , the mayor says .  local media reports three firefighters among the dead from thursday 's collapse .  search teams comb the rubble for more bodies , with the toll expected to rise .  riga 's mayor says it 's believed materials stored on the roof may have caused it to collaps .
 police : truck driver suspected of killing 6 in 4 states <sec> detective finds blood in truck that matched description of wanted vehicle .  also found was `` more evidence '' that detective considered incriminating .  police say driver gave statements implicating himself in 6 murders in 4 states .  states are alabama , georgia , indiana and tennesse .
 british queen 's 50 years on the money <sec> young queen first appeared in a £1 note in 1960 .  current image in circulation dates from 1990 .  bank of england 's museum has opened new exhibition of bank note .
 lds church : no tolerance for sex abuse in boy scouts <sec> church elder says lds church is at forefront of preventing child abuse .  cnn investigated abuse allegations detailed in at least five lawsuits .  church of jesus christ of latter-day saints is largest sponsor of boy scout troops in u.s .
 square unveils a new countertop register <sec> mobile payments company square announced a new ipad stand and credit card reader .  the countertop unit has a usb port to plug into cash drawers , printers and bar code scanners .  the $ 299 square stand is built to speed up the point of sale proces .
 opinion : why bush , blair should be charged with war crimes over iraq <sec> mansfield : bush , blair should be tried for war crimes over invasion of iraq .  mansfied : regime change is not permitted by the u.n. charter .  mansfield : charter does not authorize preemptive action based on perceived threa .
 'kfc girl ' to get prosthetic eye <sec> victoria wilcher , 3 , will be fitted with a prosthetic eye by a florida ocularist this week .  wilcher had been mauled , disfigured in a pit bull attack .  family said toddler was told to leave kfc because of her appearance .  though it may have been a hoax , the kindness of strangers still persist .
 dallas mavericks owner mark cuban : i have prejudices ; everyone does <sec> mark cuban : everyone has some form of prejudice .  he says he 's made uneasy by black kids in hoodies , bald white guys with tattoos .  the analogy is a poor one , cnn commentator lz granderson says .  cuban apologizes to trayvon martin 's family for using hoodie referenc .
 gop tries to deal with damage done with women <sec> house speaker john boehner said republican candidates need to be more `` sensitive '' .  the gop is training the male-dominated house caucus how to speak to women voters .  the campaign arm of the house republicans are also trying to recruit more female candidates .  `` it 's time , '' rep. marsha blackburn , r-tennessee said .
 kahne wins nascar 's longest race , the coca-cola 600 <sec> new : kasey kahne tops 46 other racers to capture the coca-cola 600 .  new : it is his first win of the season , and the third time he 's won this race .  at 600 miles , the race is the longest in the nascar season .  greg biffle entered the n.c. event atop the sprint cup standing .
 uhuru kenyatta takes early lead as kenyan election results trickle in <sec> counting slows down after failures in a new electronic voting system .  kenyatta faces crimes against humanity charges at the international criminal court .  his main rival , raila odinga , raises concerns about the indictment .  the winner must secure more than 50 % of the vote to avoid a runof .
 woman describes childhood in polygamous household <sec> kathy jo nicholson grew up in a polygamous home and community .  polygamous sect leader warren jeffs was the headmaster at her school .  nicholson , who flew from the community , says jeffs was a harsh disciplinaria .
 after newspaper 's gun-permit map , blogger posts journalists ' addresses <sec> christopher fountain posted home addresses of newspaper staffers .  his posts came after the paper published an online map of handgun permit-holders .  `` i felt they were using this to harass gun owners . .  ... .  so i harassed them back , '' he say .
