 modern day adventurers put cart before the camel in crazy desert crossing <sec> two british adventurers attempted to cross the empty quarter of the arabian peninsula .  tracing the exploits of british explorer of 1940s wilfried thesiger .  duo could not afford camels so pulled a home-made cart .  the area has been transformed beyond recognition in many parts since thesiger 's adventur .
 chronology : brothers used similar bombs in marathon , police showdown <sec> an fbi special agent re-creates the boston marathon bombing , ensuing manhunt last week .  complaint says video shows tamerlan and dzhokhar tsarnaev drop knapsacks near metal barriers .  when the first bomb goes off , most people react with `` bewilderment , '' but not dzhokhar tsarnaev .  police say they find clothes in dzhokhar tsarnaev 's dorm resembling those worn by the bombe .
 $ 320 million powerball numbers released <sec> it may take several hours to determine whether anybody won .  it 's held in 42 states , the u.s. virgin islands and the district of columbia .  the game 's largest prize to date was $ 365 millio .
 two headless bodies found in juarez , third victim dumped at church <sec> notes from drug cartel attached to tortured , decapitated bodies of two men .  body of another man found sunday morning in front of church outside juarez , spokesman says .  discoveries come two days after six men shot , killed as van crashes into kindergarten .  at least 883 people killed in drug-fueled violence in juarez this year , officials sa .
 justice department invokes 'state secrets ' in lawsuit <sec> justice department has invoked `` state secrets privilege '' in private dispute .  case involves man who says he was defamed by group united against nuclear iran .  government lawyers filed classified document that may provide more info to judg .
 kill switch : breeding kamikaze mosquitoes <sec> biotech firm oxitec is tackling dengue fever with genetically modified mosquitos . .  when the modified male mosquito mates with a female , a deadly transgene is passed on and the offspring dies . .  50-100 million are infected with dengue fever each year .
 maurice jarre : the movie music maestro <sec> oscar-winning composer , maurice jarre wrote score for `` lawrence of arabia '' .  jarre talks to cnn 's the screening room in one of his final interviews .  the director who died sunday also worked with hitchcock , and john huston .  he is in conversation oscar-nominated composer , alexandre despla .
 california governor candidates spar over 'whore ' remark <sec> an aide to the democratic candidate uses the word on the republican hopeful .  the private conversation is accidentally recorded .  republican meg whitman was portrayed as selling out to special interests .  her campaign has demanded an apology to whitman and the women of californi .
 'those guys have all the fun ' : so what 's in that top-secret espn book ? <sec> bristol , connecticut , apparently drives espn execs to all sorts of boorish behavior .  the authors talked to more than 550 people and cover an amazing amount of ground .  the book offers some top-notch tv-biz reporting on the early days of the cable industr .
 2 more killed , dozens hurt in southeastern tornadoes <sec> new : tornado hits murfreesboro , tennessee friday ; 2 dead , 30 injured , official says .  arkansas national guard troops go house to house searching for tornado victims .  tornado hits mena , arkansas , on thursday ; 3 people confirmed dead .  county hospital , city hall , courthouse were among buildings damaged by stor .
 pakistani woman suspected of killing , cooking husband <sec> police say zainab bibi tried to cook her husband to dispose of the body parts .  she has been arrested in connection with her husband 's murder .  her nephew is accused of helping her to stab him to death and cut up his bod .
 nothing like it in the world : china 's time-tripping steam railway <sec> china 's jiayang railway offers spectacular mountain scenery and a window into the industrial revolution .  trains headed for the coal town of bagou are powered by one of six working steam engines .  buildings next to the platform at huangcun , the final stop , are covered in cultural revolution slogans and artwor .
 30 jobs that pay $ 80,000 <sec> bureau of labor statistics 2008 report lists dozens of jobs paying at least $ 80,000 .  physics and post-secondary biology teachers can earn as much as $ 81,880 .  sales engineers get paid the most on the list , at $ 89,77 .
 library of congress digs into 170 billion tweets <sec> library of congress has compiled more than 170 billion twitter messages .  library signed deal with twitter in 2010 to archive tweets .  now the library is looking for ways to make its huge tweet archive publi .
 cathay pacific pilot held for knives in luggage <sec> pilot stopped during security checks as the flight prepared to depart on saturday night .  cathay pacific runs regular flights between its hong kong hub and london .  the male pilot has been bailed pending an investigatio .
 van buyten lifts bayern in bavarian derby <sec> bayern munich close to within two points of bundesliga 's top two teams .  daniel van buyten heads late goal against bavarian rivals nuremberg in 2-1 win .  bayern third on goal difference ahead of hoffenheim and mainz , who both win .  cologne move off bottom of table with first victory , winning 2-0 at stuttgar .
 'we need to be tested more ' says roger federer <sec> roger federer wants more drugs testing in tennis .  reacting to the debate over viktor troicki 's punishment .  federer beats richard gasquet at atp world tour finals .  novak djokovic into semifinals after beating juan martin del potr .
 history has drawn skewed image of the father of 'gerrymandering ' <sec> `` gerrymandering '' derived from elbridge gerry , former vp and massachusetts governor .  the term refers to redrawing legislative districts for political gain .  gerry signed declaration of independence , articles of confederation ; was madison 's v .
 3 americans win medicine nobel for chromosome research <sec> new : nobel committee says prizewinners solved `` a major problem in biology '' .  winners studied structures at the end of chromosomes called telomeres .  their research relates to understanding aging , diseases including cancer .  elizabeth blackburn , carol greider and jack szostak will share $ 1.4 million priz .
 ukrainian leader to protesters : surrender and you wo n't be prosecuted <sec> new : putin writes to european leaders warning that russia could cut off gas to ukraine .  ukraine 's leader says protesters wo n't be prosecuted if they disarm , leave seized buildings .  nato chief says russian troops near ukraine 's border are `` not training , but ready for combat '' .  nato releases satellite images purportedly showing russian military hardwar .
 'harassment map ' helps egyptian women stand up for their rights <sec> harassmap aims to end the social acceptability of sexual harassment in egypt .  women use its sms-based system to to report incidents anonymously .  community outreach teams visit the sexual harassment hotspots to raise awareness .  the group also uses mobile phones to provide victims with details of how to access service .
 10 children , 2 isaf soldiers killed in afghan suicide bombing <sec> new : the afghan interior ministry blames the taliban for the attack .  the taliban have not yet claimed responsibility .  a police officer was also killed in the blast in afghanistan 's eastern paktia province .  16 others are wounded after the bombing at a bazaa .
 war message found inside lincoln 's watch <sec> watchmaker left message during repairs , smithsonian says .  message comments on attack on fort sumter , which began civil war .  lincoln never knew about message , historian say .
 'ring of steel ' coming to new york <sec> initiative calls for network of cameras in lower manhattan .  plan similar to vast network in london called `` ring of steel '' .  all components scheduled to be completed by decade 's en .
 colorado man , father arrested in terror probe <sec> najibullah zazi taken into custody late saturday .  zazi is charged with making false statements to fbi .  zazi had been questioned about alleged terror plot in united states .  zazi 's father , new york man also arrested in ongoing terror investigatio .
 doctor : phoenix va ignores mandate for iraq , afghanistan vets <sec> dr. katherine mitchell says injured war veterans can wait up to 10 months to be seen .  `` we 're talking about people that were injured by being blown up by ieds , '' she says .  mitchell says she reported alleged practice to the va 's office of inspector general .  the va did not directly comment , referring cnn to eric shinseki 's senate testimon .
 bad news hurt michael jackson 's earning potential , witness says <sec> michael jackson 's `` likability '' plunged in his last years , expert says .  damages for jackson 's death could be based on how much he might have earned .  aeg live execs bragged about how fast jackson 's first 50 london concerts sold out .  upcoming witnesses include jackson brother randy , sister rebbie , ex-wife debbie row .
 top syrian general defects , says morale among forces at a low <sec> new : syrian maj. gen. mohammed ezz al-din khalouf reportedly defects .  new : a u.n. worker is killed trying to flee violence outside damascus , agency says .  rights group : syrian army 's use of cluster bombs is causing `` mounting civilian casualties '' .  syrian army has previously denied the use or possession of cluster bomb .
 golf balls : 'humanity 's signature litter ' <sec> it takes 100 to 1,000 years for a golf ball to degrade .  golf balls are composed of a zinc rubber filling .  uk lawmaker says golf balls are `` humanities signature litter .
 the box set lives ! <sec> several notable box sets available this year .  one of the biggest : `` the smile sessions , '' beach boys classic finally released .  other sets devoted to blues legend howlin ' wolf , long-lost gospel single .
 japan officials : missing bolts may have caused tunnel collapse <sec> collapse of sasago tunnel is being blamed on failure of `` anchor bolts '' .  the bolts secure concrete slabs to the ceiling of the tunnel .  nine people died when concrete slabs fell on traffic on sunday morning .  forty-nine other tunnels of similar construction are being inspected across japa .
 virgin atlantic pilots vote for a strike <sec> `` there has been no uk strike for 32 years , '' a union official says .  the overwhelming majority of pilots vote in favor of a strike .  virgin atlantic says its offer is double the national average for a uk busines .
 las vegas resort warns some guests to test for legionnaires ' disease <sec> a las vegas resort is contacting guests who may have encountered bacteria .  six cases of legionnaires ' disease from 2010 have been identified from the hotel .  symptoms of the disease include fever , chills and headache .
 air terror suspect was in database , not watch list <sec> father 's warning prompted man 's inclusion in fbi database .  not enough evidence to put him on watch list , official says .  suspect then could not be added to tsa list .
 women make progress but still have long way to go to reach equality <sec> sally field , alyse nelson say it 's been 15 years since u.n. highlighted rights of women .  they say women have made progress in education , employment and politics .  story of a woman in kenya shows how victims of violence can strive for change , they say .  field , nelson : `` if we want to promote peace and prosperity , we must begin with women . .
 thousands attend funeral of right-wing politician joerg haider <sec> thousands attend the funeral of right-wing politician joerg haider in austria .  chancellor : many people expected things of haider they themselves could not fulfill .  haider died last saturday in a car accident , spokesman confirms he was drunk .  haider drew support from many but criticized for his praise of some nazi policie .
 9 things about martin luther king jr. 's speech , march on washington <sec> king almost did n't talk about `` the dream '' .  women had to fight to be included on the speakers ' platform .  having hollywood stars attend helped ease kennedy fears about marc .
 fbi looks into dispute between cia , senate <sec> preliminary inquiry over cia allegations senate staffers obtained unauthorized access to documents .  senate committee chair , in turn , accused cia of spying on panel 's computers .  senate intelligence committee was reviewing cia documents for report on interrogation progra .
 not much rattling nicolas cage these days <sec> nicolas cage voices character of speckles the mole in `` g-force '' .  disney 's `` g-force '' opens in u.s. theaters on friday , july 24 .  `` i like movies where you feel like you 're going into another world , '' cage say .
 state of transportation is 'weak , ' engineers say <sec> society of civil engineers gives u.s. low grades for transportation infrastructure .  air travel infrastructure overhaul is long overdue , while traffic increased by 7 % last year .  half of all americans have no access to commuter buses or trains .  the longer these problems go unaddressed , the worse they gro .
 blog : mcilroy and lough erne on course for success <sec> teenager rory mcilroy is resident pro at lough erne golf resort near belfast .  the resort plans to open its new championship course this summer .  `` the faldo course '' was created by six-time major champion nick faldo .  rory mcilroy will take on padraig harrington in its inaugural event on july 2 .
 snooker : world no.1 defiant amid bribe claims <sec> a british newspaper claims john higgins accepted a bribe to throw frames in future matches .  `` my conscience is 100 per cent clear , '' said higgins .  the scotsman denies taking a bribe at any point in his caree .
 armed robbers hit apple store on new year 's eve <sec> the theft takes place as police are busy supervising new year revelers .  the armed robbers force their way in and seek out iphones and ipads .  `` they knew exactly what they were taking , '' a police union official says .  the masked intruders assaulted store employees during the robber .
 massachusetts fugitive rapist sentenced to up to 40 years in prison <sec> gary irving is sentenced to up to 40 years in prison after 34 on the lam .  irving was convicted of raping three massachusetts women in 1979 .  he jumped bail and was found living in maine using his brother 's nam .
 dr. luke reveals 'extortion ' e-mail from kesha 's mom <sec> dr. luke 's lawyer : kesha 's complaint `` will go down in flames '' .  the singer 's lawsuit demands she be freed from her record deal .  kesha 's lawsuit claims dr. luke 's control over her could kill her .  dr. luke `` has n't seen kesha in years , '' his lawyer say .
 florida firefighters reopen section of i-95 <sec> new : section of i-95 reopens in south florida .  winds of up to 25 mph are forecast for wednesday night .  no residences are currently in danger .  progress is made on a smaller blaze in st. johns count .
 apple : school should center on the ipad <sec> apple announces digital textbook publishing app .  the free app is called ibook author .  the company says anyone can make a digital textbook in five minutes .  moves are part of apple 's larger strategy to remake the textbook industr .
 children forced into cell-like school seclusion rooms <sec> mentally disabled , autistic kids injured , traumatized in school seclusion rooms .  13-year-old georgia boy hanged himself in room with cord teacher gave him .  autistic iowa girl confined in school storage closet where she pulled out her hai .
 ministers fired , smaller government created in africa 's burkina faso <sec> burkina faso 's president and prime minister announce a new government on state-run tv .  the new cabinet will include 29 ministers , nine fewer than in the previous administration .  24 cabinet members were fired ; 15 new ones will step in .  burkina faso has been the site of unrest and sporadic violence in recent week .
 a valentine 's day wedding for benedict cumberbatch <sec> cumberbatch married pregnant fiancee sophie hunter .  cumberbatch has a massive following of fans onlin .
 while auto rule lingers 'under review , ' death toll grows <sec> more than 200 people are killed , 17,000 injured every year when drivers back over objects .  one victim : a 2-year-old named abigail .  her parents are frustrated at failure to implement a law requiring back-up cameras .  enacted in 2008 , the law had a 2011 deadline ; it is now two years overdu .
 report : dallas cowboys release wr terrell owens <sec> sources : dallas cowboys release wide receiver terrell owens .  owens signed new four-year , $ 34 million deal in june 2008 .  owens ' career has been plagued by controvers .
 protesters , police clash in algerian capital <sec> anti-riot police gathered at the scene , blocked entrances to the city .  the protests pushed for reforms in the north african nation .  demonstrators in the region have protested unemployment , corruption and high food cost .
 obama reassures latinos on immigration action <sec> president barack obama reassured latino audiences his immigration action would stand .  obama outlined the legal reasoning behind his executive orders .  those who register with the government and meet the criteria `` wo n't be deported , '' obama sai .
 indonesia 's presidential race down to voting day <sec> unofficial quick counts show slight edge for `` jokowi '' widodo over prabowo subianto .  185 million voters eligible to decide president of indonesia for next five years .  middle class swing voters key to who wins the presidenc .
 eased travel to cuba not without hurdles <sec> legal travel to cuba has been off limits to americans for decades .  `` person-to-person '' trips have been greenlighted by the obama administration .  visitors are required to engage in continuous educational exchange with cubans .  some operators have had difficulty renewing licenses to offer tour .
 gsk acquires leading skincare specialist <sec> gsk is the world 's second-largest drugmaker .  u.s.-based stiefel is world 's largest independent dermatology company .  gsk will acquire total share capital of stiefel for $ 2.9 billion .  global business will operate under stiefel identity within gsk grou .
 3 states tell insurers to scrap plans that do n't comply with obamacare <sec> virginia , kentucky and idaho tell insurers to end non-compliant plans .  `` it was easier just to start from scratch , '' rather than fixing old plans , one official says .  some customers with old plans may pay more for new ones ; others may get subsidies .  white house stand by assertion that customers could keep their insurance plan .
 mandela 's death shines uncomfortable light on anc <sec> after nelson mandela 's death , south africa is a country adrift , says justice malala .  despite the peace and stability of the past 20 years , storm clouds are looming .  spats over memorial , funeral led to accusations country 's leaders are out-of-touch .  next election planned for 2014 ; anc likely to retain power but may lose massive majorit .
 drone strikes kill 8 in afghanistan , pakistan <sec> one strike kills four militants in afghanistan , near pakistan border , pakistani officials say .  another four militants killed in northwestern pakistan , sources sa .
 bp resumes drilling relief well in gulf as step toward permanent seal <sec> the leak was successfully stopped on july 15 with a cement plug .  efforts to permanently plug the well have been hampered by weather and other factors .  the relief well is near the original well , and bp says drilling resumed monda .
 farc releases 2 more longtime prisoners <sec> the two men were released in southwestern colombia .  they are being taken by helicopter to be reunited with their families .  farc 's releases bring to six the number of hostages freed since february .
 egyptian tycoon faces death over singer 's slaying <sec> egyptian mogul and ex-police officer guilty of lebanese singer 's murder .  her body was found in apartment in united arab emirates .  prosecutors alleged ex-officer was paid $ 2m to kill singer suzanne tamim .  egypt 's grand mufti -- highest religious official -- will review death sentenc .
 ex-cop attends hearing in wife 's death <sec> new : the case was transferred to judge edward burmila .  new : the next hearing is set for may 17 , though no trial date has been set .  in april , an illinois appellate court ruled hearsay evidence may be used against peterso .
