 rosberg : mercedes can challenge for f1 title <sec> this year is shaping up to be the most open in f1 history with four different race winners .  mercedes ' nico rosberg says team is in strong position to take advantage .  german tells cnn that improvements to car and open season could be perfect conditions .  mercedes downplays reports that the company may quit f1 in the near futur .
 9 bodies recovered from vehicles crushed by tunnel collapse in japan <sec> aging parts in the tunnel 's structure could be a cause , a company official says .  five of the bodies were recovered in one charred station wagon , police say .  `` cars in front of us were crushed . .  it was terrifying '' a witness tells tv asahi .  the partial cave-in was on the chuo expressway , 50 miles west of toky .
 tattoo remorse fuels boom for dermatologists <sec> american academy of dermatology : tattoo regret common in the u.s . .  current tattoo removal process is painful , expensive , time-consuming .  new , more easily removed tattoo ink scheduled to be available this fal .
 mackenzie phillips : i had sex with musician dad john phillips <sec> new : mackenzie phillips says she slept with john philips night before her wedding .  new : phillips says relationship grew consensual ; father proposed moving to fiji .  the former child star has led a troubled life .  she was arrested in 2008 on suspicion of drug possessio .
 frenzied preparations as east coast braces for possible 'superstorm ' <sec> hurricane-force winds extend 105 miles out from sandy 's center .  the storm is responsible for at least 45 deaths in caribbean , central america .  the mid-atlantic and northeast could see flooding , high winds , major power outages .  people are stocking up on essentials and sandbags in preparation of the stor .
 opinion : will china 's economy crash ? <sec> michael pettis : some experts think that china 's economy is in big trouble .  pettis : most likely , china 's growth rate will decline in the coming years .  he says the country needs to shift from investment to consumption model .  pettis : if china recalibrates its economy in the right way , everyone will benefi .
 from james bond to the boardroom : what the royal navy teach leaders <sec> royal navy runs on soft skills more than shouted orders .  soft skills are easy to understand but hard to learn .  half of royal navy may be working in an office at any one time .  leaders and managers could learn much from navy 's way of operatin .
 apparently this matters : my kids suck <sec> scott maney of wellesley , massachusetts , advertised a trampoline on craigslist .  maney 's writeup poked fun at his kids and went viral .  his trampoline sold in less than 24 hour .
 a battle for the soul of islam <sec> grand mufti of egypt says actions of isis are far from islamic .  sheikh shawky ibrahim abdel-karim allam leads the premier authority in islamic legal interpretation .
 storeowner : a little compassion changed would-be robber 's life <sec> would-be robber sends letter of thanks , $ 50 to shopkeeper who gave him food , money , let him go .  man broke into sobs , said he was trying to feed family when mohammed sohail pulled out gun .  letter begins with , `` you change my life , '' says sohail inspired him to become a `` true muslim .
 the guide to inventing your own holiday <sec> thomas roy has created over 90 holidays , all of which he 's trademarked . .  roy 's most popular celebration is northern hemisphere hoodie-hoo day . .  anyone can create a holiday by sending a form to chase 's calendar of events . .  hallmark recently started commemorating star wars day with e-cards .
 pakistan 's pm backtracks on military offensive comments <sec> pakistan 's prime minister yousaf raza gilani tells reporter operation against taliban is over .  hours later he backtracks on national television and declines to say when operation may end .  pakistani army conducting an intense operation to rout militants along afghan borde .
 texas couple waiting for son died surrounded by wildfire <sec> new : one person killed in fire just west of dallas and fort worth .  new : former television reporter , wife die in texas wildfire while waiting for son .  number of injured in oklahoma wildfires rises to at least 49 .  oklahoma governor declares emergency for 31 countie .
 minnesota police officer facing charges for hitting man in detox <sec> new : the accused officer 's lawyer says his clients ' actions were 100 % justified .  an independent counsel decides to press charges against a duluth police officer .  video shows him beating up a man in a detox facility , after the man pawed at him .  earlier , the officer 's lawyer called the accusation against his client `` a little extreme .
 federer overcomes injury to reach last eight as rain hits wimbledon schedule <sec> six-time champion roger federer reaches quarterfinals with four-set win .  swiss world no . .  3 overcomes back injury and rain delay on centre court .  federer will next play russian 26th seed mikhail youzhny in grass-court event .  he faces a possible semifinal against world no . .  1 novak djokovi .
 new hampshire is key test for romney <sec> julian zelizer : iowa gave santorum prominence but n.h. vote is likely to be more revealing .  he says the primary will test whether romney is strong with centrist voters .  the primary has been a place to challenge establishment figures , zelizer says .  zelizer : unlike iowa , new hampshire is n't decided by retail politic .
 12 inspirational quotes from women who rock stem <sec> think girls do n't do stem ? .  think again .  here are 12 women with the coolest jobs in science .  inspirational quotes from zaha hadid , nichelle nichols , marissa mayer .  marking international day of the girl , ada lovelace da .
 death toll from stampede at angola stadium vigil rises <sec> the number killed in a new year 's stampede in angola climbs to 16 .  three children were among those killed , state-run newspaper reports .  ivory coast begins three days of national mourning for 60 people killed in a stampede .  most of those killed in ivory coast were women and childre .
 norway pm announces commission to examine attacks <sec> new : anders breivik is being held in solitary confinement in a prison near oslo , police say .  new : a bell tolls near manhattan 's ground zero in memory of the 76 people killed in norway .  police release the names of 13 more victims , the youngest of them just 14 years old .  pm jens stoltenberg says an independent commission will look at the 22 july attack .
 obama signs bill ending partial faa shutdown <sec> new : obama has signed a bill temporarily restoring full faa funding .  the legislation will allow roughly 4,000 federal employees to return to work .  democrats and republicans remain divided over the unionization of airline employees .  the two parties also are split over federal funding for smaller rural airport .
 frances bean cobain and isaiah silva : inside their private romance <sec> the couple went public with their engagement in october .  `` we 're each other 's everything , '' isaiah silva , 26 , tells people .  `` i love strong , opinionated , intelligent women , '' says silv .
 katherine heigl : ready for her close-up <sec> `` grey 's anatomy '' actress katherine heigl has own production company .  star of hit movie knocked up '' is getting married .  does n't go without makeup for fear of ugly photographs .  says shopping for wedding dress is `` grueling .
 portugal police reopen madeleine mccann inquiry <sec> new : `` this new momentum is encouraging , but we still have a way to go , '' says uk officer .  portuguese police are taking another look at madeleine mccann 's disappearance .  the 3-year-old vanished from her family 's portuguese holiday villa in may 2007 .  the uk and portuguese investigations currently have separate leads , officer say .
 las vegas sands corp. makes it official , madrid to get 'eurovegas ' gambling resort <sec> `` barcelona is an outstanding tourism destination , '' official says .  spaniards have dubbed the project `` eurovegas '' .  the decision comes amid the nation 's deep economic crisi .
 tortured afghan girl suffering in hospital , aid worker says <sec> sahar gul is found by police locked in the basement of her in-laws ' house .  the teenager is starved , beaten and her nails are pulled out .  her in-laws abused her after she refused to be forced into prostitution , aid workers sa .
 mexican singer who is accused of raping teen deported from u.s . <sec> new : in an interview with cnn affiliate televisa , the singer denies the rape accusation .  the u.s. border patrol says mexican singer kalimba was arrested in el paso , texas .  he is accused of raping a teen in a hotel in the mexican state of quintana roo .  a judge there issued a warrant for his arrest on wednesda .
 can obama rock the youth vote again ? <sec> alexander heffner : obama on college tour addressed student loans to recapture youth vote .  heffner says obama needs to go beyond loans and help young people get jobs .  upcoming study says half of college grads jobless or underemployed , he says .  young voters will be crucial to obama 's chances at re-election , heffner write .
 rio 's slums the hot world cup destination ? <sec> staying at a hostel could cost as much as $ 400 a night during the world cup .  about 600,000 foreign fans are expected during the tournament .  rooms in rio 's favelas could go for as little as $ 50 a night .  security in some favelas remains a concer .
 ebola : winning the war , but battles remain <sec> who says fight against ebola has shifted from slowing transmission to ending epidemic .  fewer than 100 new confirmed cases in guinea , liberia and sierra leone in past week .  oxfam has called for post-ebola marshall plan-style support for west afric .
 mila kunis to guest on 'two and a half men ' <sec> cbs has announced that kunis will appear .  she will play a young , beautiful , free-spirited world traveler .  kunis will next be seen in `` jupiter ascending .
 obama offers to stay away from some senate races , source says <sec> obama acknowledged low poll numbers .  president said he 'd stay away from elections where he would n't be helpful .  obama 's approval rating stood at 44 % on january 2 .
 confessed bomb plotter takes stand in nyc subway terror trial <sec> accused terrorist adis medunjanin 's trial continues with a key witness .  prosecutors say he and two others were trained by al qaeda in pakistan .  they planned to detonate explosives on new york subways , they add .  a defense lawyer contends that `` the government is just wrong .
 oman 's royal family scents global profit in luxury perfumes <sec> house of amouage , luxury perfume brand , on expansion streak .  luxury perfume company owned by omani royal family .  opening two new stores this year -- in dubai and london .  company expanding into new product line .
 drought to continue in southern plains , officials say <sec> strong arctic weather patterns can overwhelm or amplify la nina .  drought conditions are expected to continue in the south and southwest .  the pacific northwest will be wetter and colder than averag .
 delaware high court overturns 1992 death sentence <sec> jermaine wright , 41 , was convicted of murder and sentenced to death in 1992 .  the delaware supreme court overturned his conviction and death sentence monday .  the high court ruled that prosecutors withheld important information during the 1992 trial .  wright was 18 at the time of his convictio .
 ohio girl , 4 , found with mom , sex offender <sec> ohio girl found alive near san diego , california , authorities say .  tip led authorities to raid communal farm .  haylee donathan was with mother , boyfriend who 's a fugitive sex offender .  haylee , mother were last seen may 2 .
 al qaeda no . 2 speaks on gaza flotilla incident <sec> ayman al-zawahiri says turkey should stop recognizing israel .  in audio message , he decries blockade of gaza .  the may 31 flotilla incident left 9 turkish activists dea .
 v. stiviano ordered to pay back $ 2.6 million in gifts <sec> v. stiviano must pay back $ 2.6 million in gifts from donald sterling .  sterling 's wife claimed the ex-clippers used the couple 's money for the gifts .  the items included a ferrari , two bentleys and a range rove .
 federer seeks record in 100th career final <sec> roger federer beats david ferrer 7-5 6-3 in semis at atp world tour finals .  the 16-time grand slam champion is seeking a record sixth title in london .  he will face french sixth seed jo-wilfried tsonga in sunday 's final .  swiss star will return to no . .  3 in year-end rankings above andy murra .
 abuses seen in mexico 's war on cartels <sec> a new report says mexican security forces are behind some abuses .  human rights watch found evidence of torture , kidnappings and killings .  the military says only a tiny fraction of complaints result in actio .
 woman admits making up mccain sticker attack , police say <sec> new : ashley todd has yet to post $ 50,000 bail for allegedly filing false police report .  new : if she posts bail , she must undergo mental health evaluation .  police say the 20-year-old has a history of mental problems .  woman told police man robbed , beat her after noticing john mccain sticker on ca .
 wisconsin 's tammy baldwin is first openly gay person elected to senate <sec> tammy baldwin one of at least 118 successful gay and lesbian candidates this election .  baldwin says her victory means states are `` moving toward full equality '' .  she won a senate seat over former wisconsin gov . .  tommy thompson .  campaign watchers : race rooted in voter issues , not sexual orientatio .
 peter gabriel crowdsources new 'sledgehammer ' on facebook <sec> `` grab your sledgehammer '' lets fans recreate scenes from peter gabriel 's iconic music video .  facebook contest is tied to the 25th anniversary of gabriel 's album , `` so .
 can you get fired for cursing at work ? <sec> swearing can affect the way you 're perceived by others in the workplace .  just because no one comments on your use of foul language , does n't mean it 's going unnoticed .  be careful , cursing could get you fire .
 a pit bull perception problem : what 's a dog owner to do ? <sec> pit bulls are a dog breed known for their loyalty and tenacity .  the maryland court of appeals ruled in august that pit bulls are `` inherently dangerous '' .  renters in maryland may not be able to get apartments if they own pit bull .
 'talking ' is the best way to discipline kids <sec> taking away a privilege away from children was voted in placed second .  not a single woman in the united states expressed a preference for spankin .
 in virginia 's crucial county , military cuts worry swing voters <sec> john avlon : loudoun county , virginia , a must-win swing district in must-win swing state .  loudoun county 's upper middle-class residents ' concern is sequestration , he says .  those scheduled spending cuts may sway the county 's undecided voters , avlon says .  obama was the first democrat to win virginia since lyndon johnson in 196 .
 symbol against 'honor crimes ' gives birth <sec> the pakistani woman 's gang rape made international headlines nine years ago .  she has delivered her firstborn , a son .  i did not think i would live to see this day , '' mukhtaran bibi says .  a tribal council ordered her rape for an offense allegedly committed by her brothe .
 'hobbit ' star 's true passion is writing <sec> 'lost ' star evangeline lilly has found big screen fame with 'the hobbit ' .  she also stars in the upcoming 'ant-man ' .  she plans to mostly leave acting behind and concentrate on writin .
 opinion : wrong move to fire bullying coach <sec> roxanne jones : firing rice wo n't make a difference : sports appeals to our neanderthal side .  jones : every athlete has had a `` coach rice , '' who bullies and berates team members .  jones : athletes say it 's good to get tough ; you play for the love of the game , not the coach .  jones : rice did n't pretend to be gentle . .  his brutal passion was one reason he was hire .
 ahmadinejad 's lies need more scrutiny <sec> mahmoud ahmadinejad presides over regime that commits atrocities , says hamid dabashi .  he says american television interviewers are n't sufficiently challenging in their questions .  dabashi says ahmadinejad lied in denying iranian woman was sentenced to stonin .
 report : mubarak taken from prison to house arrest <sec> new : mubarak arrives at a military hospital for house arrest , state media says .  another top muslim brotherhood official is arrested .  analyst robin wright says mubarak 's pending release is an `` extraordinary development '' .  he was convicted in the deaths of numerous protesters but was granted a retrial this yea .
 fake eagle video , real obama photo go viral <sec> fake video of eagle snatching a toddler has more than 5 million youtube views .  students of a canadian animation school claim responsibility .  photo of obama with pint-sized superhero results in collective `` awwwww '' .  obama-spidey pic has been retweeted more than 9,000 time .
 pitt : nola eco-friendly homes 'exceeded my expectations ' <sec> brad pitt 's make it right foundation builds eco-friendly homes in area hit by katrina .  solar panels , energy-saving appliances among features designed for homes .  pitt hopes idea will spread across country , around the worl .
 uk police say missing girl madeleine mccann may still be alive <sec> madeleine mccann vanished during a 2007 family vacation in portugal .  london 's metropolitan police release an image of how the girl might look now .  they say evidence uncovered during a review of the case gave new hope .  a family spokesman says the new report is no more credible than other .
 chesney , swift lead in academy of country music awards nominations <sec> kenny chesney picks up nine academy of country music awards nominations .  lady antebellum leads in group nominations with five , the eli young band has three .  taylor swift is the most-nominated female solo artist with three .  blake shelton and reba mcentire will host the awards show on cbs april .
 obama : sony 'made a mistake ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> president barack obama calls sony 's decision to cancel movie showing 'a mistake . ' .  the fbi called north korea 's actions `` outside the bounds of acceptable state behavior '' .  officials tell cnn that the hackers were routed through severs in asia , europe and latin americ .
 pakistani court denies diplomatic immunity for cia contractor <sec> new : the lahore high court will take up the matter on march 14 .  u.s. officials originally say raymond davis was a diplomat and later revealed he is a cia contractor .  the court says neither davis nor the pakistani government provided documents proving that he was a diploma .
 5 gubernatorial races to watch in 2014 <sec> there are 36 gubernatorial races on tap in 2014 .  twenty-nine republicans are governors , giving them an edge over democrats .  being a state chief executive is often a springboard for higher office .  florida and ohio offer key races and are presidential battleground .
 opinion : how kim jong un got rid of his uncle <sec> kim jong un accused his uncle of betrayal ; north korea media say uncle was executed .  frida ghitis : this tactic used by saddam hussein in consolidating his power .  ghitis : kim 's uncle was accused of living in depravity ; now , the military is in charge .  kim is sending a brutal message that he will punish any whisper of dissent , ghitis say .
 rising sea level puts island nations like nauru at risk <sec> lands in the alliance of small island states are disappearing amid rising sea levels .  the alliance is pressing for action at the current climate change conference .  the warming climate also produces more extreme storms and affects fishing .  alliance members do not sound optimistic about the conferenc .
 great zimbabwe : the ancient city tourism forgot <sec> great zimbabwe was the capital of a trading empire and home to 10,000 people in the 1400s .  zimbabwe is making a tourism comeback after hitting rock bottom in 2008 .  visitors have yet to rediscover great zimbabwe , however , leaving it almost deserte .
 hillary clinton stacks her march schedule - cnnpolitics.com <sec> clinton currently has seven events in march , with one paid speech and many focused on women .  this comes after clinton gave only three speeches in january and february .  clinton is expected to announce some official move towards the presidency in april , according to democrats close to he .
 jeb bush 's foreign policy strategy : 'i am my own man ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> bush balances brother 's iraq war legacy and his political hopes .  slams obama on everything from isis to cuba .  few specifics in speec .
