 ukraine opposition rejects president 's offer ; protester mourned <sec> new : memorial held for protester killed in clash last week .  defense minister says army will not get involved in political unrest .  opposition leaders reject president 's concessions .  kiev rocked by ongoing clashes between protesters and polic .
 charge homeowner with murder of intruder ? ( opinion ) <sec> police say tom greer , 80 , shot to death intruder who said , `` do n't shoot , i 'm pregnant '' .  ruben navarrette : but when he shot her , greer was no longer in imminent danger .  greer said he shot miller in the back , then shot her again when she was pleading .  navarrette : she was not pregnant , but greer would not have known that at the tim .
 california bill on teachers accused of sex crimes fails <sec> a california teacher was charged with lewd acts on children .  the case shed light on the dilemma school boards face .  the board could not fire the teacher , only place him on paid leave .  a state bill seeking to change that was thwarte .
 police used lasers to track oscar pistorius gunshots , trial hears <sec> ballistics expert , police crime scene photographer on the stand tuesday .  police checked pistorius ' height with and without prosthetic legs .  pistorius shot his girlfriend to death last year ; the question in court is whether it was intentional .  judge thokozile masipa will decide the verdict ; south africa does not have jury trials .
 weight losers combat fear of exercise , schoolyard torment <sec> readers overcame childhood obesity , dislike of exercise through fun fitness .  charles d'angelo went from hiding out during recess to six-packed man .  staci lambert-westcott grew more comfortable with exercise , owned a gym .  ireport.com : how do you make fitness fun for yourself .
 police : accused drug lord moved tons of cocaine to u.s . <sec> investigators arrested six people along with u.s.-born edgar valdez villarreal .  authorities paraded him before news reporters and cameras tuesday .  he known as `` la barbie '' because of his blue eyes and fair complexio .
 opinion : nfl concussion settlement raises questions <sec> the nfl and former players reached a $ 765 million settlement over concussion issues .  lamar campbell : i believe the nfl would not have settled with the admission of any liability .  he says by not going to trial , the nfl does not have to have answer many critical questions .  campbell : the current settlement has flaws ; we need to ask nfl to reveal more informatio .
 poll : obama 's immigration policy popular , but approach is n't <sec> a cnn/orc poll shows just 26 % of americans think obama 's immigration action goes too far .  but , the poll shows , only 41 % of those surveyed support implementing the policy through executive order .  the poll finds that republicans could risk overreaching by challenging obama 's action in cour .
 border patrol agent shoots , kills migrant who threw rocks <sec> a border patrol agent shoots an apparently undocumented migrant near san diego .  the agent was trying to detain the migrant , who threw rocks , striking agent 's face .  a social justice group decries the trend of border patrol shootings toward rock throwers .  the migrant died at the scen .
 cancer patient first to use washington 's assisted suicide law <sec> 66-year-old woman with stage 4 pancreatic cancer chooses to die .  woman wanted to be `` clear-minded and alert at the time of my death '' .  washington 's law was approved by about 60 percent of voters in novembe .
 unanswered questions loom in cleveland case <sec> new : ariel castro is charged with kidnapping , rape ; his brothers are not .  ropes , chains removed from cleveland house , but the women have not commented .  neighbors say they reported suspicious activity , but police deny those calls were mad .
 have the courage to deal with cyber war <sec> obama administration beefing up effort to counter cyberattacks .  michael hayden says emphasis is on striking first , as the u.s. does with drone attacks .  ex-cia director says drone policy reflects lack of consensus on handling prisoners .  hayden : is killing terrorists preferred because of division over how to try them .
 annie lennox : singing with all her heart <sec> sold over 80 million records in career that has spanned four decades .  found success first with eurythmics , british band founded with dave stewart .  lennox set up sing charity to combat hiv and aids in afric .
 clinton switches gears , publicly praises saudi women 's driving protest <sec> saudi women are protesting restrictions that prevent them from driving .  clinton spokeswoman had said she was supporting the women with `` quiet diplomacy '' .  tuesday , clinton calls women brave , says `` what they are seeking is right .
 why is sandy unusual ? <sec> david nolan : as far as hurricanes go , the storm we call `` sandy '' is not very intense .  nolan : there are two elements that make sandy unusual , possibly even `` super '' .  he says sandy 's right-to-left pathway is atypical , as is its intact hurricane core .  nolan : sandy will take its place in history , but we 'll have to wait until it 's over to know wher .
 joan rivers leaves icu , daughter says <sec> joan rivers is in a private room `` where she is being kept comfortable '' .  her daughter confirmed tuesday rivers is on life support .  the comedian has been hospitalized since suffering cardiac arrest last week .  she stopped breathing during throat surgery at a manhattan medical clini .
 box office report : 'maleficent ' reigns with $ 70 million <sec> the disney film came in first place .  `` x-men : days of future past '' dropped 64 percent .  `` a million ways to die in the west '' did n't do wel .
 new york woman indicted in newtown shooting charity scam <sec> bronx woman posed as aunt of sandy hook victim , district attorney says .  nouel alba , 37 , posted photos of noah pozner , 6 , solicited donations , prosecutors say .  donors sent $ 240 to a paypal account for his funeral , prosecutors say .  noah , 19 other kids and six adults were killed at connecticut school in decembe .
 colombia too good for 10-man costa rica <sec> colombia begin their copa america campaign with a 1-0 win over costa rica .  hertha berlin striker adrian ramos scores the only goal on the stroke of half-time .  the result lifts colombia to the top of the group ahead of argentina and bolivi .
 rooney double puts manchester united top of table <sec> manchester united defeat west bromwich 2-0 to go top of the english premier league .  wayne rooney scores both goals as united lead rivals manchester city by a point .  previous leaders city surrender top spot after a 1-0 reverse at swansea city .  luke moore 's late header saw city lose again after their midweek defeat in lisbo .
 cia policy : wo n't use vaccination programs as part of operations - cnnpolitics.com <sec> policy was put into place last august following concerns raised by health school deans .  vaccination ruse was part of effort to get osama bin laden in pakistan in 2011 .  health school deans said one group had to pull out of its polio vaccine program .  cia said it seriously considered the concerns and then acte .
 'year of the woman ' on ballot but not at polls <sec> a record number of women run for office , but experts fear women will actually lose seats .  democrats expected to lose seats , and female lawmakers are mostly democrats .  observer predicts women will hold steady in senate and lose a few seats in house .  but veteran campaigner sue lynch says , `` it is the year of the republican woman .
 balloon boy family feels 'under siege , ' lawyer says <sec> authorities say story of boy in runaway balloon a hoax .  family wanted publicity for reality tv jobs , sheriff says .  lawyer says heene family deserves presumption of innocence .  charges likely to be filed against family , sheriff say .
 tuskegee airman buried at arlington <sec> retired air force lt. col. lee a. archer died last month in new york .  archer shot down three german fighters in span of only minutes .  he received distinguished flying cross , witnessed military 's desegregation .  after the military , archer worked at general foods and started venture capital compan .
 nazi airport turned berlin lifeline closes <sec> the giant tempelhof airport , once a symbol of nazi power , is to close .  airport was also used by british and americans to break soviet blockade .  pilots flew in millions of tons of food , fuel and medication for ailing populatio .
 mata stars as chelsea give villas-boas ' spurs the blues <sec> spain 's juan mata scores twice as chelsea beat spurs 4-2 in english premier league .  andre villas-boas faces his former team for first time since he was sacked in march .  chelsea have taken 22 points from a possible 24 league points ; spurs ' four-match winning streak ended .  both manchester united and manchester city win to stay second and third respectivel .
 kenya to challenge high court judge 's arrest warrant for sudanese president <sec> a kenyan judge rules that president omar al-bashir be arrested if he visits .  the ruling sparks a diplomatic row between the two nations .  kenya 's foreign minister describes the ruling as `` unhelpful .
 prescription drugs impaired tanker-crash pilot , feds say <sec> pilot of tanker that struck san francisco bay bridge `` medically unfit , '' ntsb says .  man was taking `` a half-dozen impairing prescription medications , '' report says .  crash in 2007 caused oil spill that killed about 2,500 birds , ntsb says .  supervisor 's poor oversight also cited as factor in ntsb repor .
 russia drops piracy charge against 30 greenpeace activists <sec> russia drops piracy charge , adds new charge of hooliganism .  greenpeace says charge still `` wildly disproportionate '' .  28 activists , two freelance journalists arrested in barents sea in september .  arrested after two activists tried to scale a gazprom oil ri .
 rice confident in mideast peace process <sec> ongoing process will result in palestinian state , condoleezza rice says .  secretary of state rice meeting with middle east leaders .  recent political changes in israel cited as one reason peace deal elusive .  israeli leader has resigned but will stay in office until successor assumes powe .
 swim ban lifted after shark swarm shuts down alabama beach <sec> ban on swimming off stretch of orange beach , alabama , lifted as sharks disperse .  saga began friday when helicopter pilot witnessed five sharks near perdido pass .  on sunday , photo showed 18 sharks in same stretch of water , official tells cnn .  sharks perhaps lured by fishermen cleaning their catch , tossing remains overboar .
 what drives pamplona 's bull runners ? <sec> running of the bulls in pamplona has attracted more tourists in recent years .  event generates enormous publicity for pamplona .  four people injured on first day of this year 's bull ru .
 tour of prison reveals the last days of saddam hussein <sec> cnn shoots first video inside saddam hussein 's cell , gets a look at his journal .  marine general describes hussein 's last day and preparation for execution .  hussein planted a garden , worked out , wrote poetry while in prison .  hussein was friendly with guards , who called him `` vic '' for very important crimina .
 playstation , xbox users forced offline <sec> some xbox users finally able to log on to network .  incident and a hack of sony pictures do n't appear to be related .  lizard squad hacker group has claimed responsibility for prior attacks .  one twitter user bemoans issue , stuck with cranky teenage .
 romney strikes rare notes of faith in aurora speech <sec> mitt romney makes several references to the bible and book of mormon .  the gop candidate has tended to avoid biblical references in past speeches .  romney was the head of a church of jesus christ of later-day saints congregatio .
 ready for hillary adds $ 2 million to its war chest <sec> ready for hillary raises over $ 2 million in last three months , spokesman says .  number is in line with what the group has raised in the past .  third quarter sees ready for hillary focus on more than just fundraising .  so far , the group has raised over $ 10 millio .
 copenhagen bomber found guilty of attempted terrorism <sec> lors doukaev of chechnya was injured when bomb material detonated in a hotel .  he intended to send a letter bomb to a danish newspaper , court documents say .  the newspaper had published 12 drawings of the muslim prophet mohamme .
 wwii bomb detonated in london <sec> british army engineers detonate a large world war ii bomb in london .  ministry of defense : bomb was the largest found in the capital since 1975 .  disposal experts used strong magnets to stop timer after bomb started tickin .
 fbi raids peanut butter plant suspected in outbreak <sec> peanut corporation of america plant is accused of knowingly shipping tainted goods .  those goods are linked to nearly 600 illnesses , including eight deaths , in 43 states .  the outbreak has led to one of the largest food recalls in u.s. histor .
 cnn student news - august 29 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 djokovic battles past berdych to claim 4th dubai crown <sec> novak djokovic beats tomas berdych in the final of dubai open 7-5 6-3 .  serb , who won a fourth australian open title in january , now unbeaten in 18 matches .  venus williams loses in semifinal of brazil tennis cup to russian ranked 109 in the worl .
 bae from north korean prison : please help me <sec> u.s. citizen kenneth bae spoke to pro-north korea group choson sinbo .  in interview , he asks for u.s. and north korea 's help to release him .  bae appears thinner and breaks down when speaking of his father .  bae was sentenced 15 years of hard labor in north kore .
 white house considers deportation options <sec> obama wants options for dealing with problems on his own .  congress has yet to pass comprehensive immigration reform .  senate approved a bill last year , but house says it wo n't take it up .  conservatives believe the senate plan would offer amnesty to undocumented immigrant .
 fuel blast sends dark cloud over san juan <sec> explosion , fire rip through fuel storage complex .  one person injured , 350 evacuated near san juan , puerto rico .  caribbean petroleum corp. tanks held jet , diesel fuels plus gasoline .  ireport.com : are you there ? .  send photos , videos of the flame .
 world cup : netherlands defeats chile to take top spot <sec> netherlands claims 2-0 victory over chile .  leroy fer and memphis depay goals means dutch wins group b .  chile qualifies in second place .  spain defeats australia 3-0 in other gam .
 la liga : atletico edge real in madrid derby <sec> atletico madrid record league win at bernabeu for second season running .  arda turan scores winner in 2-1 victory over city rivals real madrid .  barcelona maintain 100 % start to season with 2-0 win over athletic bilba .
 flooding worries spread to other towns along the mississippi <sec> mississippi river expected to crest at 26 feet at burlington , iowa , on wednesday .  farmer and student among five flood-related deaths , official says .  fire official says cedar rapids neighborhoods , home to 24,000 residents , unsafe .  resident tracy murphy upon returning to house : `` my whole , entire life is gone .
 blackwater defendants plead not guilty <sec> five guards facing 14 counts of manslaughter , other charges .  charges stem from shooting in baghdad square that left 17 iraqis dead .  attorneys say men were defending themselves on a battlefield .  case is the first prosecution of non-defense department contractor .
 sarkozy regret over greece as europe eyes china <sec> `` let 's be clear ; it was a mistake , '' sarkozy , on the euro for greece .  europe hopes to attract private capital to supplement the €440 billion rescue fund .  china welcomed the deal , but has made no mentions of contributing capital .  the eu 's bailout fund chief will meet with officials in beijing and tokyo frida .
 ross lovegrove : building an alpine dream <sec> industrial designer ross lovegrove is known for his organic , flowing forms .  he is building a `` bed under the stars '' in the alps for his latest project .  lovegrove 's work is held in design museums including new york 's mom .
 sierra leone 's incumbent president wins 2nd term <sec> president ernest koroma gets 59 % to avoid a second round of voting .  `` we must ... embrace each other as we march forward with action , '' he says .  the former insurance executive assumed office in 200 .
 cuban authorities release 'ladies in white ' marchers , dissident says <sec> a dissident says all the `` ladies in white '' who were detained sunday have been released .  members of the group are relatives of cuban dissidents .  their arrest comes a week before the pope 's scheduled three-day visit .  white house national security council : cuba is using `` tactics of intimidation '' to `` stifle dissent .
 indian woman and baby burned alive for dowry , police say <sec> police : 22-year-old annu devi and her baby were doused in kerosene .  devi 's husband and parents-in-law are in jail awaiting trial .  dowry is banned in india .  but india had over 8,200 dowry-related deaths in 2012 , crime records sho .
 pittsburgh : from grime to glam <sec> trendy neighborhoods may surprise visitors to pittsburgh , pennsylvania .  the city 's formerly gritty core has undergone a renaissance .  unique stores and restaurants lure people to lawrenceville and the strip distric .
 why i do n't feel like dancing to chris brown 's music <sec> lz granderson says he ca n't listen to the chris brown songs in his music library -- yet .  author wonders if brown is sorry for assaulting rihanna , or sorry he got caught .  granderson says brown wants people to move on , yet wo n't say what we 're supposed to move on from .  he 'd like to see brown use fame to bring public awareness to dangers of domestic violence .
 clijsters embarrasses former no . 1 safina in melbourne <sec> third seed kim clijsters defeats dinara safina 6-0 6-0 in the australian open first round .  world number two vera zvonareva is safely through after a win against sybille bammer .  australia 's samantha stosur into the second round after beating lauren davis .  former no . .  1 ana ivanovic is out after a 3-6 6-4 10-8 defeat to ekaterina makarov .
 patrick kennedy 's new frontier : healing the brain <sec> former u.s. rep. patrick kennedy launching new effort to map the human brain .  `` moonshot '' will work toward curing `` every kind of brain disease '' .  kennedy 's own addiction , mental health issue drive passion .  kennedy : `` i 'm looking to live more than just surviving .
 lesbian major dismissed under 'do n't ask , do n't tell ' being reinstated <sec> the government files an appeal , but maj. margaret witt is being reinstated in the air force .  the openly gay major says she is `` thrilled to serve '' .  her 19-year career included time in the persian gul .
 oh , oh , oh : it 's golf 's very own boy band <sec> the `` golf boys '' release their first single `` oh , oh , oh '' to coincide with the u.s. open .  pga tour pros ben crane , bubba watson , rickie fowler and hunter mahan complete the line up .  project was funded by farmers insurance with all proceeds going to charit .
 polish troops to exit iraq this year <sec> new : parked car bomb in baghdad kills 5 , wounds 8 .  new : one iraqi killed in basra during clash with british troops .  poland will withdraw its troops from iraq by the end of october , military says .  there are around 900 polish troops in the war-torn country , most in diwaniy .
 'the killing ' canceled by amc <sec> amc has canceled `` the killing '' after two seasons .  fox television studios plans to shop the series to other networks .  the drama 's audience has continued to ebb ; the finale garnered 1.4 million viewer .
 midnite disturbers : a jazz fest supergroup <sec> midnite disturbers is an all-star band of new orleans musicians .  group does brassy funk , new orleans style , calling attention to influences .  disturbers scheduled to play jazz fest saturday afternoo .
 pilot , passengers jump to safety as skydiving planes collide <sec> skydiving planes collide over wisconsin ; one crashes .  the pilot and his passengers all parachuted to safety .  `` it 's definitely a reminder of the danger of the sport that we all love , '' instructor say .
 woman killed by 4-year-old in tennessee cookout <sec> a gunshot kills the wife of a tennessee sheriff 's deputy .  a 4-year-old had picked up the pistol , investigators say .  no charges have been filed , state police sa .
