 fans air concerns about new playstation , xbox <sec> new versions of microsoft 's xbox and sony 's playstation are on the way .  gamers want to be able to share , resell the games they buy .  companies are vague on whether they 'll be able to do so .  publishers say protections make sure players pay for their product .
 giants shut out tigers to take 2-0 lead in world series <sec> giants take a 2-0 lead in the world series .  tigers manage only two hits off three giants pitchers .  game 3 is saturday night in detroi .
 apple buys 3d company that helped make kinect <sec> apple buys 3-d motion-sensor company primesense .  purchase reportedly was for $ 360 million .  analyst says technology could be for an apple tv set or for gaming .  apple wo n't say what its plans for primesense ar .
 north korea carries out controversial rocket launch <sec> norad says the rocket appears to have put an object into orbit .  the launch is `` a highly provocative act , '' the u.s. government says .  it comes as a surprise after north korea had extended the launch window .  u.s. , south korea say the rocket launch is a cover for testing ballistic missile technolog .
 with espn out , is 3-d tv dead ? <sec> espn announced it will suspend 3-d tv broadcasts by end of the year .  the prospect of 3-d excited the tv industry , but consumers never took to it .  consumers complained about cost , awkward glasses , scarce 3-d content .  analysts say ultra-hd , 4k television may be the next wav .
 federer hails 'wonderful friend ' ljubicic ahead of retirement <sec> roger federer has praised ivan ljubicic ahead of his retirement next month .  croat ljubicic will end his 14-year playing career after april 's monte carlo masters .  former world no . .  1 federer described ljubicic as a `` feared opponent '' .  ljubicic won the davis cup with croatia in 2005 and rose to world no.3 in 200 .
 aaliyah movie casts disney 's zendaya <sec> zendaya will play the late singer in a lifetime movie , report says .  zendaya was also a contestant on `` dancing with the stars '' .  but some aaliyah fans are not pleased by her castin .
 when police become 'armed bill collectors ' <sec> walter scott was killed by a south carolina police officer in april .  danny cevallos : failure to pay child support should be a civil matter , not a crim .
 drone used in search for missing hannah graham <sec> drone 's camera will ''look closer '' at objects of interest , an official says .  hannah graham , 18 , disappeared on september 13 .  authorities have charged jesse matthew , 32 , in connection with the case .  police searched along u.s. route 29 , where another woman disappeared earlie .
 surveillance video from night girl disappeared turned over to authorities <sec> gas station video shows unidentified person walking in the early morning hours of october 4 .  the gas station is less than two miles from the home where lisa irwin was last seen .  authorities decline to comment on the video , citing the ongoing investigation .  lisa 's parents attend an emotional prayer vigil for the gir .
 father , son rescued after more than 12 hours in atlantic <sec> son swept out to sea by currents , father jumped in after him .  at some point , father and son were separated by three miles .  father : `` we were floating and just waiting for help to come '' .  boater finds father , coast guard rescues autistic son two hours late .
 craigslist suspect pleads not guilty to murder indictment <sec> new : suspect pleads not guilty to slaying of woman , robbery of another .  philip markoff charged in seven-count indictment .  police : both april incidents linked to ads on craigslist.com .  slain woman was masseuse who advertised on craigslist , prosecutors sa .
 boston marathon victim 's parents oppose death penalty <sec> parents of martin richard argue against death penalty for dzhokhar tsarnaev .  the 8-year-old boy was youngest of victims in the boston marathon bombings .  sentencing phase for tsarnaev begins next wee .
 pakistani woman : family shot me , tried to drown me over my marriage <sec> saba maqsood , 18 , says her family was upset about her marrying a neighbor .  some of them shot her twice , put her in a sack , then threw her into a canal to die .  maqsood was recovered ; police say they believe this was `` an honor-related crime '' .  police are trying to apprehend several of maqsood 's family member .
 suspected al qaeda operative is released , but must check in <sec> the suspect must report daily to police , a court spokeswoman said .  the judge 's order requires him to report daily to the police station nearest his home .  the cuban national was arrested on the resort island of mallorca .  spanish authorities say he was attempting to recruit for al qaed .
 u.s. investors make history with roma takeover ; milan extend lead <sec> u.s. group becomes first foreign owner of an italian football club , buying out roma .  thomas dibenedetto heads consortium which will have a 60 % holding in serie a side .  roma then beaten 3-2 by visiting palermo in blow to the club 's european hopes .  ac milan move six points clear at the top with a 3-0 victory at home to sampdori .
 march on icon : paris fashion week <sec> designer valentino garavani talks to icon about some of his most memorable creations .  anna dello russo , editor-at-large of vogue japan , on her passion for fashion .  plus , icon meets acclaimed shoe designer christian louboutin in his paris atelie .
 chicago man sentenced to 23 years in bomb plot <sec> sami samir hassoun was arrested in undercover operation .  he pleaded guilty in bomb plot .  the chicago man gets a 23-year sentenc .
 turkey twitter ban condemned -- even by nation 's own president <sec> turkish users of twitter report disruption prompting # twitterisblockedinturkey to trend .  prime minister recep tayyip erdogan had vowed to `` eradicate '' twitter .  turkey analyst fadi hakura says social media are last preserve of freedom of information in turkey .  twitter , facebook and youtube have been used as a tool for political protests in the countr .
 workers endure austere conditions in averting nuclear disaster <sec> the fukushima daiichi workers are sleeping on mats .  they eat two meals a day of prepared food and crackers .  they are exposed to high levels of radiation .  an inspector divulges details of their lives , says they are still upbea .
 toronto mayor 's rant caught on video <sec> a video shows the toronto mayor in a rant .  rob ford says he was drunk when he ranted .  he says he has made mistakes in the past .  this week he admitted to smoking crack cocain .
 smile ! you 're on canine camera ! <sec> photographer seth casteel creates a new way to look at dogs .  a few `` underwater dogs '' photos went viral last winter .  casteel tries to capture dogs ' personalities .  he helps shelters by taking nice portraits of adoptable animal .
 patrick kennedy checks into rehab facility <sec> congressman from rhode island seeks help against substance abuse .  rep. patrick kennedy , 41 , acknowledges long struggle with addiction , depression .  `` i have always said that recovery is a life-long process , '' lawmaker says in statement .  son of sen. edward kennedy sought help after 2006 auto acciden .
 iranian election could be test for women 's rights <sec> candidate 's wife has broken barriers by appearing on campaign trail .  she vows that women 's vote will count if her husband wins .  most iranian university students are women , but they are second-class citizens .  cleric running for president has also promised to boost women 's right .
 actor alec baldwin arrested after riding bike wrong way <sec> new : after arrest baldwin tweets nyc `` is a mismanaged carnival of stupidity '' .  baldwin was arrested for riding bike the wrong way in manhattan , police say .  the actor reportedly became angry and yelled at officers , police say .  `` how old are these officers , that they do n't know who i am ? '' .  he told police , an official sai .
 bush : mccain 's life is a story of service above self <sec> bush : the man we need is john mccain .  bush : we need a president who understands the lessons of september 11 , 2001 .  president praises mccain for support of troop surge in iraq .  bush : that is the kind of courage and vision we nee .
 elton john frustrated about attitudes towards aids <sec> the elton john aids foundation has raised more than $ 150 million .  the singer is a recovering alcoholic and drug addict .  he goes to south africa every year to visit projects .  john 's foundation helped build homes for orphans in south afric .
 westerners , asians from all walks of life among mumbai victims <sec> new : two canadians , yachting tycoon , sister of bollywood actor among dead .  rabbi gavriel holtzberg , wife rivka confirmed dead at chabad house in mumbai .  virginians alan scherr and daughter naomi scherr killed , family member says .  anti-terrorism squad chief killed in offensive , cnn sister network cnn-ibn say .
 world cup : neymar named on fifa golden ball shortlist <sec> brazil 's neymar included on fifa 's golden ball shortlist .  golden ball awarded to tournament 's best players .  four germans , three argentines , one dutchman and a colombian complete 10-man list .  diego forlan won the 2010 golden ball awar .
 report : china officials bought ivory on tanzania trip <sec> environmental group claims chinese delegation went on an ivory buying spree in tanzania .  it cites local traders saying the ivory was sent back to china on the presidential plane .  china 's government has not responded to cnn requests for comment on the claims .  tanzania lost equivalent of 30 elephants a day in 2013 , environmental group say .
 teen runaway hides out in texas walmart for days <sec> boy was missing for 54 hours when the walmart called .  an associate had seen him coming out from his hideout behind a wall of boxes .  walmart wo n't press charges , spokesman says .  the 14-year-old was visiting his aunt , is known to run away ofte .
 torch relay a 'public relations nightmare ' <sec> the times labels torch relay a 'public relations nightmare ' for london .  daily mail questions presence of 'mysterious private army ' .  olympic official says flame belongs to world 's 'peace-loving people .
 man accused of strangling , chopping up , cooking puppy <sec> police say thomas elliot huggins strangled and cut up a puppy .  when police arrived , they found the dog 's ribs cooking on the stov .
 obama gets the edge over romney in a bruising debate <sec> new : candidates hit the campaign trail wednesday .  analysts , cnn/orc poll gives president barack obama the nod in second debate .  obama says voters `` ca n't buy '' mitt romney 's sales pitch on taxes .  romney says obama failed in his four years as presiden .
 obama cautious in comments on ferguson , no visit now <sec> president obama has spoken publicly twice about the august 9 shooting of teenager by police .  he says he has to be careful in how he responds , ca n't tip the scales one way or another .  no plans for obama to visit ferguson , but attorney general eric holder will on wednesda .
 zambia and ivory coast through to final <sec> zambia stun favorites ghana 1-0 to reach the final of the africa cup of nations .  substitute emmanuel mayuka scores the only goal with 12 minutes remaining .  zambia will face ivory coast in sunday 's final after the elephants beat mali 1-0 .  arsenal striker gervinho 's superb individual goal is enough to defeat co-host .
 williams sets up final showdown with li na in istanbul <sec> world no.1 reaches final with three-set win over jelena jankovic .  williams will play china 's li na for first prize of over $ 2 million .  li 's semifinal win lifts her to world no.3 -- the highest-ever ranking for an asian woman .  roger federer through to atp tour final in basel , switzerlan .
 inmate says he has clues about missing woman <sec> inmate calls missing woman 's father , says he heard other inmates talking .  police say inmate 's information is nothing new .  jennifer kesse was 24 , disappeared three years ago near orlando , florida .  information ? .  call 1-800-423-tips . .  a $ 10,000 reward is offere .
 mad cow disease-related death confirmed in texas <sec> patient in texas who recently died had variant creutzfeldt-jakob disease .  variant cjd is brain disorder linked to beef from cattle with mad cow disease .  texan patient traveled extensively to europe , middle east , cdc say .
 fifa suspend officials amid allegations of world cup bid corruption <sec> world football 's governing body fifa suspends two of its officials .  move comes amid allegations of world cup bid corruption ahead of 2 december ballot .  executive member amos adamu of nigeria is given three-year suspension and fine .  executive member reynald temarii of tahiti is given 12-month suspension and fin .
 petraeus issues new directive for troops in afghanistan <sec> petraeus issues new `` tactical directive '' .  the directive spells out more clearly when units must get permission for attacks .  some troops had complained about previous directives .  petraeus has made clear he is aware of the troops ' concern .
 the tech behind the stratos jump <sec> on sunday , daredevil felix baumgartner lept from 128,100 feet above earth .  technology in the red bull stratos capsule included a steel alloy cage .  pressurized suit featured innovations to make mobility and visibility bette .
 donaldson ends win drought with irish open triumph <sec> welshman claims maiden european tour win at 255th attempt at irish open on sunday .  the 36-year-old donaldson finishes on 18-under par to claim €333,330 first prize at royal portrush in northern ireland .  england 's anthony wall finishes in a tie for second ; padraig harrington 's challenge fades with final round 70 .  rory mcilroy posts final round 67 to finish in tie for 11t .
 derby delight for manchester city as united lose again <sec> manchester city beat man united 3-0 at old trafford to move up to second in table .  goals from edin dzeko and yaya toure consign utd to 10th league defeat this season .  arsenal draw with swansea city ; everton beat newcastle 3- .
 hungarian listed among cruise ship dead <sec> new : hungarian among the dead , officials say .  lloyd 's list editor discusses august incident .  a prosecutor says he may appeal the captain 's release to house arrest .  the costa concordia 's sister ship sails by the wreckag .
 citing partisanship , maine 's snowe says she 'll leave the senate <sec> white house praises sen. olympia snowe for her bipartisan leadership .  snowe known as moderate republican who sometimes votes with democrats .  maine gop chairman says the decision is going to shake up state politics .  she cites the partisan divide in washington as a reason for retirin .
 bmw shifts up a gear to boost africa sales <sec> bodo donauer is the managing director of bmw south africa .  he speaks about the challenges of operating a major export business out of south africa .  donauer gives his assessment over the impact of the eurozone crisis on the sector .
 mandela well enough to travel , south africa says <sec> the anti-apartheid icon was not able to get to a polling station earlier this month .  he was rushed into a hospital for pneumonia earlier this year .  he is `` well enough to travel , '' president jacob zuma say .
 another slain syrian teen allegedly tortured <sec> activists say second syrian teenager has been tortured and killed .  tamer mohammed al sharey , 15 , disappeared at a demonstration .  tamer was from the same village as hamza ali al-khateeb , 13 .  cnn can not verify claims or authenticate videos of the teen .
 mom 'eternally grateful ' as 2 missing boys return home to georgia <sec> `` we will be eternally grateful every minute of our lives , '' mom theresa nash says .  daniel cleary failed to return his sons as planned and had n't been heard from .  an amber alert went out thursday ; the boys were found saturday evening .  a person alerted police after recognizing the missing boys on cnn , police sa .
 australia to create world 's largest marine reserve <sec> australian government announces plan to create world 's largest marine reserve .  the coral sea , which includes the great barrier reef , lies off northeast of australia .  nearly one million square kilometers of sea will be protected under the plan .  critics argue that plan does n't protect species-rich western half of coral se .
 review : kimbra 's 'vows ' <sec> kimbra 's sparkling debut wants little to do with gotye 's bleeding-heart sting-isms .  she 's more interested in multiculti chaos .  `` vows ' '' genre leaps are held together by kimbra 's pliant co .
 turkey , iraq and syria in water crisis summit <sec> tigris river has plunged to record low levels , iraqi farmers say .  iraq , syria want turkey , where rivers ' source is located , to increase water flow .  meeting comes amid iraqi accusations that syria is harboring terrorists .  they have withdrawn their ambassadors from each others ' capital .
 special election in florida 's 13th district gains outsized importance - cnnpolitics.com <sec> both parties are testing messages for fall midterms in tuesday 's special election .  republicans trying use obamacare to frame midterm elections .  republican candidate says outside anti-obamacare ads are drowning other issues .  democrat is confronting obamacare debate , saying there 's room for improvemen .
 south africa deploys troops to stem immigrant attacks <sec> south african troops help police conduct raids in jeppestown .  defense minister says police are spread too thin trying to prevent attacks on immigrants .  seven people have been killed in recent violence against poorer immigrant .
 world cup 2010 tickets go on sale <sec> first lot of tickets have gone on sale for 2010 world cup in south africa .  three millions tickets in total will be made available for 64 matches .  prices range from $ 20 for a south africa resident to $ 900 for the final itsel .
 report : 1 in 5 u.s. children at risk of hunger <sec> millions of american households do n't have enough food for everyone .  the problem is spreading to families who have never experienced it before .  food insecurity can be especially tough on children , experts sa .
 iowa husband shoots , kills escaped inmate who held him , wife hostage <sec> an escaped inmate , rodney long , broke into a couple 's home as they were sleeping .  he took the gun jerome mauderly had loaded to protect his home from the inmate .  long roamed the house , and mauderly recovered the gun as wife , carolyn , called 911 .  mauderly then shot long ; he will not be charged in self-defense cas .
 inter milan and barcelona share dour draw <sec> inter milan and holders barcelona draw 0-0 at san siro in opening group f tie .  dynamo kiev fight back from goal a goal behind to defeat rubin kazan 3-1 .  liverpool and lyon open their group e accounts with 1-0 wins respectivel .
 u.s. , british forces out in yemen , raising terror fears <sec> `` saudis are beginning to feel a little threatened here , '' cnn military analyst says .  country is in a `` rapid downward spiral , '' u.n. officials warn .  with u.s. and uk forces gone , fears rise that terror could blossom in yeme .
 concerns about surveillance 'fanciful , ' british official says <sec> `` law-abiding '' britons have nothing to fear from surveillance , hague says .  u.s. officials defend electronic data collections .  `` there is not a target on americans , '' house intelligence chairman says .  senator says `` the line has been drawn too far '' toward invasion of privac .
 nobel committee wasted an opportunity in its peace prize <sec> the nobel committee awarded the peace prize to the european union .  frida ghitis : what a sadly missed opportunity .  she says the committee passed on chance to put global spotlight on person or cause .  ghitis : peace prize can make a difference ; this time it was supremely uninspire .
 taliban tightens grip on afghan schools <sec> recently , the taliban demanded the closure of some schools .  `` the taliban are fine with us as long as we do what they want , '' a teacher says .  this power struggle in classrooms is symptomatic of broader fears .  some wonder if the taliban will tighten its grip on daily life as war nears an en .
 china : bo xilai trial by social media <sec> live updates from the bo xilai trial were posted on a chinese microblogging site .  first time in a country where court proceedings are secret and outcome predetermined .  observers were surprised by the spirited defense offered by bo , the disgraced politician .  the flow of live updates decreased significantly on the second day of the tria .
