 sharron angle : 'i 'll be a mainstream senator ' <sec> tea party favorite sharron angle insists her words have been taken out of context .  angle challenging senate majority leader harry reid in nevada .  reid has called his opponent `` too extreme '' in tv ads airing across the state .  despite her controversial candidacy , polls show nevada voters split between angle and rei .
 what signal is marissa mayer giving to yahoo employees ? <sec> yahoo has chosen marissa mayer , who is pregnant , as its new ceo .  stephanie coontz : mayer 's pledge of a short maternity leave sets a bad precedent for others .  she says mayer will do well , but yahoo 's lower-level employees with kids may feel inhibited .  coontz : leaders who take little time off create a work culture that may be less family friendl .
 india 's pollution solution <sec> the metro carries thousands of commuters daily , helping delhi tackle pollution and traffic .  journeys are fast , trains run on time and platforms are clean .  the transport system claims it 's the first in the world to earn carbon credit .
 turgid england held goalless by algeria <sec> england held goalless draw algeria in group c clash in cape town .  england create few chances in their second draw in the world cup finals .  slovenia top the group after earlier 2-2 draw with the united states .  all four teams in the group can still qualify for the knockout stag .
 crowley on moderating town hall debate : 'it 's harder to dodge ' <sec> cnn 's candy crowley is first woman to moderate presidential debate in 20 years .  `` there 's something about these debates that magnifies things , '' she says .  crowley : purpose of debate is to get beyond what people have already hear .
 park ji-sung - a national icon <sec> park scored the winning goal against portugal in the 2002 world cup .  played for psv eindhoven before joining manchester united .  the midfielder plans to build a park ji-sung football center in his hometow .
 rules to ease student loan repayments take effect <sec> changes include lower interest rates , income-based repayment program .  borrowers who take public sector jobs can have part of loan forgiven .  bush administration law includes pell grant increases from obam .
 investigation into possible leaks in michael jackson case <sec> vivid descriptions of jackson 's corpse are published by tabloid newspapers .  l.a. officials ask sheriff to conduct preliminary inquiry .  a sheriff 's spokesman did not say what prompted the request .  the coroner 's office is investigating the cause of jackson 's june 25 deat .
 italian prime minister nominee meets with political leaders <sec> monti says his government would aim to continue through spring 2013 .  heads of some key parties express support for mario monti .  italian president : monti is `` gifted , competent , experienced '' .  silvio berlusconi is the second european leader to fall this month over the debt crisi .
 decoding western art 's buried messages <sec> symbols and hidden messages often discovered in historical paintings -- some credible , others less so .  face of the devil recently discovered in a giotto fresco in a church in italy .  art historians believe they have found messages in works by leonardo da vinci and michelangelo .  forensic art historian hunting lost leonardo work based on `` clue '' in vasari fresco , among other .
 nfl star roethlisberger accused of sexual assault <sec> accuser was with group of women that had been hanging out with roethlisberger .  authorities have not charged anyone ; follow-up interviews to take place .  civil complaint filed against roethlisberger last year also alleges sexual assaul .
 kate bush returns to stage after 35 years <sec> kate bush dazzles in first show in 35 years .  `` most ambitious piece of theatrical pop ever seen '' on uk stage , says one review .  david gilmour , bjork , lily allen on hand .  bush best known in u.s. for `` running up that hill .
 cdc : more teens smoking flavored tobacco <sec> more than 2 out of 5 teens who smoke use flavored little cigars .  almost 60 % of the kids who do `` are not thinking about quitting '' .  smoking is the leading cause of preventable death in the u.s .
 parents of boston bombing suspect share phone call with son <sec> dzhokhar tsarnaev 's parents play parts of a phone call with him on itn 's channel 4 .  the parents insist their sons , dzhokhar and tamerlan tsarnaev , are innocent .  tamerlan tsarnaev was killed in a police shootout and was run over by his brothe .
 for long-separated families , reunions can be a struggle <sec> jaycee dugard , found august 27 , is reuniting with her family after 18 years .  people who return to their families after years away often feel conflicted about it .  expert : do n't force the person who has been away to talk about their experiences .  it 's important to go about day-to-day activities , such as grocery shoppin .
 how to avoid being rude when using your ipad <sec> when taking out your ipad , be prepared for jealous looks , curious stares and questions .  free recipes make the ipad handy in the kitchen , but greasy fingerprints are n't nice .  have kids ? .  set the rules for use first thing : tell them it 's only for your wor .
 america 's cup : challengers to oracle 's crown announced <sec> the six teams for 35th edition of america 's cup confirmed .  five teams will race for right to challenge reigning champions oracle team usa .  american team pulled off stunning comeback in last year 's race against kiwi team .  teams from uk , sweden , france , italy and new zealand among contender .
 'we 're in orbit ! ' rosetta first probe to orbit comet <sec> rosetta is attempting to become first spacecraft to orbit and land on a comet .  european space agency 's 10-year mission has taken rosetta billions of miles across solar system .  scientists hope to learn more about the composition of comets .  the robotic lander philae is due to touch down in novembe .
 new yorker helps people track down loved ones who died unknown <sec> melinda hunt , 53 , has made her life 's work documenting the undocumented at hart island .  the island is reportedly the nation 's largest taxpayer-funded potter 's field .  it took elaine joseph decades to locate her baby 's likely burial site ; hunt helped her do it .  hunt also helped lisa-michele russo track down her twin brother , who died at birt .
 wozniacki , zvonareva suffer shock sydney exits <sec> caroline wozniacki and vera zvonareva lose in second round at sydney international .  top two seeds beaten by dominika cibulkova and flavia pennetta respectively .  kim clijsters is highest-ranked player left in draw ; could overtake zvonareva as no . .  2 .  winning starts for argentina 's david nalbandian and juan martin del potr .
 chinese paper new express in front-page plea for reporter 's release <sec> chinese paper new express calls for journalist 's release .  chen yongzhou was arrested for damaging a business ' reputation .  he wrote series of articles alleging false sales at a construction equipment maker .  chinese newspapers rarely challenge authoritie .
 to-do list for obama and mexico 's new president <sec> mexico 's incoming president enrique pena nieto meets with obama on tuesday .  ruben navarrette : his election means a return for pri , party that held presidency for 71 years .  mexican people are tired of crusades such as drug war , want a return to basics , he says .  navarrette : obama , pena nieto have opportunity to help each other and their nation .
 opinion : twitter ban is the least of turkey 's woes <sec> david frum : turkey once gave people hope for the future of democracy in islamic nations .  he says voters have repeatedly backed prime minister erdogan 's path for turkey .  after corruption scandal and criticism , erdogan sought to shut off twitter .  frum : u.s. , allies can no longer count on turkey as a stable force in a crucial regio .
 taking obese child from mom is wrong <sec> a 200-pound boy who is 8 years old was taken away from his mother in ohio .  authorities said the mother was failing to control her son 's weight .  ruben navarrette says taking the child away went too far .  he says there are other ways to address problem short of breaking up a famil .
 founding fathers ' dirty campaign <sec> john adams and thomas jefferson ran negative presidential campaigns .  adams was labeled a fool , a hypocrite , a criminal , and a tyrant , .  jefferson was branded a weakling , an atheist , a libertine , and a coward .  many historians say john quincy adams/andrew jackson contest the nasties .
 libya says gadhafi 's son killed in airstrike , vows death to 'invaders ' <sec> new : empty western embassies are vandalized after gadhafi 's son is reported dead .  new : russia says it has `` serious doubts '' about nato 's targeting .  a nato airstrike also killed 3 gadhafi grandchildren , the libyan government says .  the government vows to `` make libya the grave of all invaders .
 the african women breaking down tech barriers <sec> the first women in tech africa meet up took place online in august 2 .  organizer ethel cofie says more african women are entering the tech industry .  many of them , however , leave their jobs as industry remains male-dominate .
 justice cedes on risen subpoena <sec> the department of justice is now no longer asking a new york times reporter to reveal his source .  the case has become a high profile test for the justice departmen .
 fake your party food with takeout <sec> you can feed great food to guests by fiddling with takeout .  use cookie cutter to cut bite-size pizzas out of large uncut pizza .  slice a rotisserie chicken and toss with blue cheese and walnuts .  spoon shrimp stir-fry into boston lettuce leaves , top with chopped nut .
 opinion : seamus heaney , poet of earth and spirit <sec> stephen burt : seamus heaney , who died friday , wrote poetry , literary essays , translations .  his early works were of earth , and of the troubles ; he found fame writing about divided land .  he says later he went south , wrote of civic , family life , dead friends , embraced the numinous .  burt : he became perhaps the most popular serious poet writing in english anywher .
 gyan penalty clinches ghana win <sec> late ghana penalty sinks serbia in first group d match in pretoria .  asamoah gyan scores from the spot to give ghana and africa first 2010 world cup win .  serbia reduced to 10 men after defender aleksandar lukovic given marching order .
 police : pennsylvania road-rage killer may strike again <sec> timothy davison , 28 , was shot and killed in an apparent road-rage incident .  pennsylvania police believe same motorist may have been behind another shooting earlier .  police : `` the acts against him were very deliberate , calculated , and violent .
 21 texas wildfires at least 50 % contained , fire official says <sec> new : all 21 wildfires are at least 50 % contained , mark stanford says .  new : a fire in midland is blamed on a vehicle tire that blew , he says .  more than 136,000 acres have burned in 71 fires in texas , the state forest service says .  78 homes have been reported destroye .
 rocket fails to reach orbit ; likely crashes into ocean <sec> new : rocket , satellite thought to be in pacific .  a spacecraft contingency was declared about six minutes after launch .  the spacecraft will not reach orbi .
 opinion : thatcher hijacked my tv show <sec> margaret thatcher said jonathan lynn 's co-written bbc hit `` yes , minister '' was her favorite show .  jonathan lynn : mps crowded into house of commons bars to watch themselves satirized .  when she was losing favor , he says , thatcher `` wrote '' a sketch and starred as herself .  lynn : really written by a press secretary , it was a pr move to make people like her mor .
 'greece saves europe : ' how press reacted to the vote <sec> relief and cautious optimism expressed in european press after greek vote .  germany 's victory over denmark competed with greek election for top news spot .  economic editor of uk 's guardian newspaper said vote `` changes little '' .  athens news said voters experienced `` unprecedented pressure '' from german press , official .
 serena williams : 2013 season was make or break for my career <sec> serena williams tells cnn 2013 season was make or break for her career .  world no . .  1 decided to pack her schedule and had her most successful year .  williams won the french open , u.s. open and season finale wta championships .  serena hoping to draw level with chris evert and martina navratilova on 18 slam .
 police suspect hate crime in stabbings at detroit-area bus stop <sec> stabbings at detroit-area bus stop are being investigated as possible hate crimes .  terrence lavaron thomas , 39 , faces assault with intent to murder and other charge .
 mike rowe is on 'pr campaign for hard work ' <sec> ex- '' dirty jobs '' host says he set up foundation to promote hard work .  he says public needs attitude adjustment about views on trade jobs and schools .  mike rowe works offers what he calls `` work-ethic scholarships '' .  `` we need to promote an ethic of work , '' rowe say .
 somali refugee conditions 'appalling ' <sec> somali refugees living in unsanitary conditions at home and in neighboring countries .  clashes between government forces and islamic militant group has killed hundreds .  somalia also suffering from worst drought in ten years , according to oxfam .  the bokolmayo camp in ethiopia is home to about 10,000 refugee .
 in death of adrian peterson 's son , man faces murder charge <sec> minnesota viking adrian peterson 's son died earlier this month .  an indictment accuses joseph robert patterson of second-degree murder .  prosecutors say he will be booked on new charges and arraigned .  he is accused of causing `` serious bodily injury to the child .
 fbi , westboro baptist church members participate in training sessions <sec> westboro members participated in training sessions with the fbi .  an official said the purpose was to expose agents to groups in an academic setting .  `` we are not endorsing these groups at all , '' said the officia .
 is gaza 'occupied ' territory ? <sec> question of gaza `` occupation '' at forefront of international politics .  palestinians say gaza still `` occupied '' despite israel 's pullout .  israeli diplomat decries `` same old story about 'occupation ' '' .  militant group hamas claims israel 's existence is an `` occupation .
 russian tv claims putin assassination plot foiled <sec> a former uk envoy to moscow says the report is conceivable but improbable .  one alleged plotter says the plan was to use military-grade land mines .  the plotters were arrested last month in odessa , ukraine , channel one reports .  the announcement comes days before putin is expected to win the presidenc .
 muslim-american group protests mosques ' link to money laundering case <sec> group says houses of worship should not be `` pawns in geopolitical struggles '' .  alavi foundation , assa corp. accused of transferring money to iran .  government seizing assets of alavi , including four mosques .  u.s. attorney : `` alavi foundation has effectively been a front for the government of iran .
 searching with dread for missing children <sec> bob greene writes about the difficult task of searching for missing children .  he says sometimes parents pretend kids are missing when they know what happened .  there 's no way to prepare for the emotional difficulty involved in the search , he says .  searchers can experience elation if they save a child -- or despair if it 's too lat .
 ramadan 's unexpected byproduct : obesity <sec> thousands in the gulf region are hospitalized due to fasting-related illnesses during ramadan .  dieticians see an increase in diabetes cases and weight-gain .  fatty foods and sugary drinks , have made ramadan and weight-inducing time .
 jochen rindt : champion from beyond the grave <sec> jochen rindt won the formula one world championship in 1970 .  rindt became the first driver to win the title posthumously .  an exhibition at the westlicht gallery commemorated the 40th anniversary of his death .  jackie stewart : `` jochen was one of the top two or three drivers in the world .
 former brave andruw jones is charged with domestic violence <sec> jones played for the altanta braves for 12 seasons .  he was with the new york yankees in 2011 , 2012 .  jones captured 10 consecutive gold glove award .
 opinion : there 's a georgia solution to hillary clinton 's iowa problem <sec> aimee allison : questions about hillary clinton in iowa are n't as bad as they sound .  she argues that changing demographics in georgia and texas may help clinton .  allison says two women running for top offices in the south could help clinto .
 dating a don draper-type is maddening <sec> columnist describes draper of `` mad men '' as fun to watch but not date .  an inability to `` turn it off '' in romantic moments is frustrating , columnist says .  women who know the deepness of a don draper man are a threat , she writes .  `` mad men '' fan says draper 's misbehavior is covered up by his kind act .
 huawei 'not interested in the us any more ' <sec> china 's huawei has ended attempts to gain access to u.s. telecoms gear market .  u.s. officials have argued huawei is national security threat ; huawei has denied .  huawei is world 's second largest supplier of network gear .  chinese firm failed to secure contracts with any leading u.s. telecoms operator .
 north korea says it has missiles that can reach the united states <sec> an analyst says he does n't find north korea 's claim to be credible .  `` it was politically impossible for them not to react '' to south korea , a professor says .  south korea announced a deal with the u.s. to extend its missile range to include the north .  previously , the south agreed to limit its missile range in exchange for access to u.s. technolog .
 al-shabaab blamed for five beheadings <sec> officials say al-shabaab is responsible for five beheadings .  the latest was a quran teacher .  the terrorist group had demanded people to leave a villag .
 mcilroy and woods crash out in abu dhabi <sec> rory mcilroy and tiger woods both fail to make the cut .  world no.1 mcilroy finishes on six-over in season-opener .  woods cashes out after being hit with two-shot penalty .  england 's justin rose leads by one-shot on eight-unde .
 suits you , sir ! spanish soccer team wears tuxedo kit <sec> spanish club to celebrate 90th anniversary in tuxedo kit .  a percentage of the profits made from the strip will go to charity .  other clubs have designed kits that embody pints of beer and octopuse .
 iraqi witnesses recall horrors in tal afar , mosul <sec> one man says security force members shot , killed prisoners as isis fighters approached .  a woman says she found brother 's body among many others at tal afar facility .  amnesty international alleges that government forces , shiite militias executed sunni detainees .  human rights watch finds mass graves thought to hold those killed by isis fighters , their allie .
 quizzing the crew : david de rothschild <sec> david de rothschild answers the cnn quiz .  favorite adventure book is `` the lorax '' ; expedition song would be `` message in a bottle '' .  most worried about sea sicknes .
 asteroid with rings is the first of its kind <sec> south american telescope observations found rings around an asteroid .  the asteroid , called chariklo , may also have a moon .  some day the rings themselves may lead to a moon being forme .
 why love can make you more creative <sec> new research from netherlands says thinking about partner can increase focus .  thinking about sex heightens analytical thinking instead , study finds .  in ancestral days , creative people may have used inventiveness to attract mate .
 wildfires threaten thousands in northern california <sec> the el dorado fire has charred roughly 8,600 acres in northern california .  500 structures are threatened .  the boles fire near the oregon is only 400 acres .  more than 1,500 homes are under evacuations orders ther .
 former educators charged in oklahoma child porn case , authorities say <sec> former teacher accused of taking lewd photos of young oklahoma girls .  kimberly ann crain is accused of sending them to a retired professor in pennsylvania .  crain and gary joseph doby face multiple criminal counts in oklahoma .  `` be kind and considerate to my family , '' doby says after arraignmen .
 how secure is your iphone 5s fingerprint ? <sec> the idea of handing over fingerprints to apple via new iphone 5s has some nervous .  the phone will feature a fingerprint sensor in its home button for added security .  apple : fingerprint info will be encrypted and stored in your phone , not on our servers .  security expert : `` hackers will be certainly intrigued to see how they might circumvent '' syste .
 is chivalry dead ? technology twists the wedding proposal <sec> some couples use sites such as twitter or youtube to propose .  sociologist says that proposing online pressures women into saying `` yes '' .  online proposals might be appropriate for a couple , some sa .
