 judge : spears used drugs , must undergo random testing <sec> britney spears must submit to random drug tests twice a week , judge orders .  spears is in bitter custody battle with ex-husband , kevin federline .  pop singer has a new album due out in november .  spears , federline were married for two years ; divorce was finalized in jul .
 delta : no special treatment for basketball team <sec> delta say team got new plane because it was supposed to take off first .  50 passengers on second flight had to be rebooked when engine problem could n't be fixed .  team says it was not involved in the decision to swap planes .  florida lost to uconn by one point on monda .
 chris christie : 2014 were a 'trial run ' for family <sec> new jersey gov . .  chris christie visited 19 states in 5 days while campaigning for governors .  christie helped raise more than $ 100 million for gop governor candidates in the past year .  gov . .  christie has said he will announce next year whether he will run for president .  christie said his kids are not allowed to have a cell phone until age 1 .
 cheers , tears in serena williams ' return to indian wells <sec> serena williams ' father claimed he was racially abused at indian wells in 2001 .  she returned to the event friday night , being met with raucous cheers -- not jeer .
 grief after utah officer killed , 5 others wounded <sec> new : suspect is veteran of first gulf war , had `` mental issues , '' father says .  the suspect is identified as matthew stewart , 37 .  `` we have lost a brother , '' the weber county sheriff says .  5 other officers were wounded ; the suspect was also sho .
 comedians urged to be funnier before controversial romney segment <sec> `` my intention was not malicious , '' msnbc hosts tearfully says .  `` the folks at msnbc made a big mistake and they apologized for it , '' romney says .  harry truman once threatened a critic who wrote his daughter `` can not sing very well '' .  harris-perry 's apology makes one rule clear : the kids are off limit .
 opinion : president obama 's law <sec> president barack obama 's team argues against a literal reading of the health care law .  nagle : view may save obamacare but flies in face of approach to climate change .  obama seeks to use decades-old law to regulate gases related to climate change .  nagle : on climate change , obama wants judges to read the law literall .
 sunny von bulow dies after 28 years in coma <sec> husband claus von bulow was accused of trying to kill her with insulin overdose .  conviction overturned on appeal ; he was acquitted in second trial .  claus von bulow , living in england , is saddened by former wife 's death , lawyer says .  she is survived by three children and nine grandchildre .
 pakistanis cast potentially pivotal votes <sec> several parties jockey for leadership as pakistanis head to polls .  pakistan 's struggling economy is beset by high unemployment , poverty .  security is also a problem , especially given threats from islamic extremists .  600,000 security personnel and 75,000 troops deploy for elections , officials sa .
 democrats hit scott brown with tough new ad <sec> a democratic group is releasing a tough new ad on scott brown .  brown is running for the u.s. senate in new hampshire .  the spot highlights brown 's ties with a company that outsources jobs .  the ad is reminiscent of democratic attacks against mitt romney in 201 .
 living in fear : camp life in congo <sec> fighting continues between militia groups in eastern democractic republic of congo .  life in refugee camps in the east of the country is harsh and dangerous .  a generation of child soldiers is growing up among violenc .
 protesters raise russian flag over eastern ukrainian city <sec> new : pro-russian protests also take place in lugansk .  ukrainian prime minister yatsenyuk plans trip to eastern regions `` to dismiss their fears '' .  `` russians are trying to destabilize the situation in the country , '' ukraine interior minister says .  protesters are demanding the release of riot police accused of killing demonstrators in februar .
 will isis brutality backfire ? <sec> frida ghitis : isis has launched a sophisticated pr campaign to scare iraqis .  ghitis : the group likes to publicize its horrific deeds , but this will surely backfire .  she says , incredibly , even al qaeda has criticized isis for being too ruthless .  ghitis : isis 's brutal tactics create enemies ; iraqis will not embrace the group 's rul .
 runners start london marathon with silence for boston victims <sec> new : double winner of women 's wheelchair race dedicates her victory to boston victims .  new : supporters voice solidarity with boston as they cheer on the london runners .  runners joined a 30-second start-line silence in tribute to the boston bombing .  security is ramped up for the event , with more police on the street .
 petraeus readies for cia role <sec> david petraeus has been called the most influential general of his time .  he is retiring from the military to take over the cia .  he was the architect of the military 's counterinsurgency strategy .  he was the top u.s. commander in iraq and later led nato forces in afghanista .
 u.s troops in iraq fall below 50,000 <sec> new : u.s. troop withdrawal rates will depend on ground conditions , brennan says .  the drop comes ahead of president obama 's august 31 deadline .  u.s. troops will now switch to an advice-and-assist role .  vice president biden says iraqi security forces are now successfully protecting ira .
 cnn student news transcript : summer show - july 6 , 2011 <sec> cnn student news is producing special , web-only shows all summer long .  take a look back as nasa 's space shuttle program nears its conclusion .  find out what 's on the horizon for america 's manned space progra .
 america : too fat to fight ( opinion ) <sec> in a few years , the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers because of america 's obesity problem .  carol costello : we have a serious national security issue at hand , but it 's within our control if we could own up to i .
 ufos over china ? not quite , analyst says <sec> some have said they saw ufos over china recently .  images of the flying objects have popped up on the internet .  mit analysis said many of the images are fak .
 khmer rouge leader ruled unfit for trial <sec> the special u.n. court in cambodia decides ieng thirith has dementia .  three others , include ieng thirith 's husband , face charges of crimes against humanity .  the khmer rouge regime 's four-year rule in the 1970s is blamed for 1.7 million death .
 charlie sheen to serve aspen 'jail ' term in malibu rehab <sec> new : an officer who investigated sheen case said she was `` appalled '' by sentence .  new : sheen will get credit for the days he 's already spent in rehab .  lawyer : `` we are very pleased with the plea '' .  sheen will be on the set when `` two and a half men '' production resumes tuesda .
 why the u.s. may never have a balanced budget again <sec> new : house approves ryan 2013 budget , 228-191 , will send to senate .  expert who looked at numbers said it now may be impossible to balance the budget .  huge cuts and significant taxes would be required to dig out of deficit hol .
 ebola outbreak could have 'catastrophic ' consequences <sec> american patients infected with ebola will be brought home in separate trips .  medical plane will land at dobbins air reserve base in georgia .  ebola outbreak is `` moving faster than our efforts to control it , '' who leader say .
 missouri football coach suspended after dui charge <sec> new : mizzou head coach gary pinkel suspended after a dui arrest .  new : his conduct `` goes against everything that we stand for , '' athletics director says .  pinkel is free on $ 500 bail and says he 's responsible for his action .
 longing for pork : could earmarks help congress get things done ? <sec> former congressional leaders say earmarks could remedy congressional dysfunction .  earmarks - or pork spending - are nuggets embedded into large bills for pet projects .  former senate majority leader trent lott says `` no sticks and very few carrots '' make it hard to lead .  some tax groups say earmarks would n't have helped with tea party in the latest showdow .
 310 evacuated after huge fire in london <sec> residents evacuated in area of south london after fire engulfed their apartment block .  30 fire engines and more than 310 firefighters battled the blaze .  no injuries have been reported , according to police and fire officials .  it is not known what started the fire which took hold of the building in the early hours of thursda .
 group : murder suspect has long history with klan <sec> new : chuck foster started southern white knights in 2001 , group says .  foster shot cynthia lynch after she became homesick , police say .  louisiana klan group called itself the sons of dixie .  foster , 44 , charged with second-degree murder ; seven others jaile .
 arrest made in deadly shooting at s.c. state university <sec> the suspect has been charged with murder .  deceased identified as brandon robinson , 20 , of orangeburg , south carolina .  police continue to hunt for other people who witnesses said were tied to the crime .  this is the third shooting at a u.s. university this wee .
 jury begins deliberations in kerry kennedy dwi trial <sec> kennedy is on trial on a misdemeanor charge of driving while impaired .  prosecutor says she lied to protect her legacy .  defense : kennedy was unaware she took a powerful sleep aid .  deliberations are set to resume friday mornin .
 pope francis slams vatican 'diseases ' in curia address <sec> pope francis addressed the vatican bureaucracy -- or curia -- on monday .  he launched a blistering attack on the `` illnesses '' within its members .  francis warned against `` vainglory , '' superiority and loss of compassion .  he referred to the diseases of excessive planning and of `` the terrorism of gossip .
 plenty more where those came from -- final take in fla. snake hunt is 68 pythons <sec> state announces snake hunt winners .  state offered prizes up to $ 1,500 for the most burmese pythons harvested .  florida estimates up to 100,000 pythons live in the everglade .
 blast kills 2 in southern thailand , police say <sec> blast occurred in a market in muang district , the main city of narathiwat province .  the explosion happened at the market 's busiest time of the day .  muslim insurgency has caused violence for years in southern thailand 's narathiwat provinc .
 arsenal hit back to earn barcelona draw <sec> arsenal fight back to earn a 2-2 home draw with barcelona after going 2-0 down .  captain cesc fabregas scores a late penalty to complete the arsenal comeback .  diego milito scores the only goal as inter milan defeat cska moscow 1- .
 lax shooting reignites debate over tsa workers ' role in security <sec> tsa screeners union says some should get firearms , arrest powers .  shooting at los angles airports restarts debated over screeners role in airport security .  airport police unions disagree , saying arming tsa workers would be `` mission creep .
 olympics day 11 : memorable medals for brits , u.s. 's raisman <sec> new : great britain wins 48th medal , one more than it did in beijing .  team usa 's aly raisman wins gold in gymnastics floor exercise , bronze on beam .  taoufik makhloufi of algeria pulls away in men 's 1,500 meters .  seven cameroon athletes are missing , the country 's olympic head of mission say .
 caregiver lives rerouted yet enriched by aging parents <sec> 65 million people in the u.s. are unpaid family caregivers .  boomers in the caregiving role have their own set of unique challenges , physically and emotionally .  aarp : economic value of unpaid caregivers was approximately $ 450 billio .
 protests to focus on doctor who performed 60,000 abortions <sec> new : abortion rights supporters dominant outside clinic on friday .  first major abortion protests set since killing of dr. george tiller in may .  dr. leroy carhart of nebraska was understudy of tiller 's .  carhart says he takes pride in the term abortionis .
 bangladesh muslims torch buddhist shrines , police say <sec> new : at least 12 temples , 50 houses are damaged or destroyed , officials say .  muslims protest a photo of a partially burned quran on facebook .  the account of the buddhist boy tagged in the photo is deleted .  bangladeshi muslims also recently protested against the online film `` the innocence of muslims .
 hundreds of research chimps may be retired <sec> the national institutes of health owns 360 research-eligible chimpanzees .  chimpanzees share about 99 % of their dna with humans .  the nih recommends keeping 50 chimps in a colony for potential research .  the new report is open to public comment for 60 day .
 argentina ready for motogp invasion <sec> motogp will return to argentina for the fist time since 1999 this weekend .  world champion marc marquez has won the first two races of the 2014 season .  the spaniard won last year 's title in his rookie season at the elite level .  his 2013 rival jorge lorenzo has endured a miserable start to the new campaig .
 pennsylvania mom in duct-taped toddler case released on bail <sec> police : caira ferguson showed them a photo of her girl bound to chair with duct tape .  ferguson was arrested and charged with endangering the welfare of a child .  she posts 10 % of $ 25,000 bail ; she 's required to wear electronic monitoring bracelet .  ferguson will live across the street from home where her daughter now reside .
 last day on the job for obama spokesman gibbs <sec> jay carney , the current communications director for vice president joe biden , will be the new press secretary .  gibbs says it 's been a `` remarkable privilege '' to serve .  obama hails robert gibbs as `` a close friend '' and `` effective advocate '' .  gibbs says he will remain in washington as a pundit , supporting white house position .
 what 's kim jong un 's intention with the nuclear test ? <sec> north korea enjoys international community chatter about its nuclear program .  dates of nuclear test and rocket launch have significance , writes joo sung ha .  joo works as a newspaper journalist and came from north kore .
 six charged in west virginia water contamination <sec> freedom industries inc. tank leaked into elk river a year ago .  then-company president , five others are charged in incident .  justice department says they violated the clean water ac .
 police 'fairly certain ' remains are student missing from metallica concert <sec> new : man tells wtvr he found remains in area more than a mile from main roadway .  police believe remains found on remote farm are those of morgan harrington .  student was separated from friends at metallica concert on october 17 .  harrington 's purse , cell phone found next day in overflow parking lot near aren .
 misery , frustration rise in pakistan flood areas <sec> new : u.s. still sending aid to pakistan .  an alert is issued for southern sindh province .  what were once villages and towns are now lakes .  pakistanis grow angry at the president for leaving the countr .
 are wait times at va tied to bonuses ? congress wants inquiry <sec> bipartisan push under way for a justice department investigation .  reps. miller and israel have written letters to attorney general eric holder .  white house : president obama awaits eric shinseki 's internal report on problems .  secretary shinseki : `` we are doing all we can to accelerate access to care .
 in an arctic bay , british naval relic stands at attention <sec> a sunken british navy ship is recovered in canada .  `` the ship is standing upright in very good condition '' .  the hms investigator had been on a mission to rescue two other ship .
 messi magic sinks 10-man real madrid <sec> lionel messi scores twice as barcelona beat real madrid 2-0 in bernabeu .  real have defender pepe sent off on the hour mark for foul on dani alves .  manager jose mourinho sent to the stands for protesting decision .  winners will play manchester united or schalke in champions league fina .
 serbia 's fury at fifa 's kosovo stance <sec> fifa defends decision to permit kosovo to participate in international matches .  soccer 's governing body altered their long-held stance at meeting in budapest .  decision prompted an angry reaction from serbia who want urgent clarification .  fifa general secretary claims decision supports development of footbal .
 djokovic on course in cincinnati <sec> world number one novak djokovic is into the western and southern open quarterfinals .  djokovic defeated radek stepanek , and will face gael monfils in the last eight .  rafael nadal overcame his compatriot fernando verdasco in a marathon encounter .  16-time grand slam winner roger federer beat american wildcard james blake .  british number one andy murray set up a quarterfinal against gilles simo .
 who : polio cases confirmed in syria <sec> new : most of the victims are younger than 2 .  ten cases have been confirmed out of 22 suspected cases , who says .  public health officials had already begun mounting a vaccination campaign .  first confirmation of polio in syria since 199 .
 helping the hungry with empty bowls <sec> washington organization sells bowls to raise funds to help the hungry , homeless .  bowls are donated to so others might eat by local potters , studios and schools .  for the first time , group is partnering with the corcoran college of art + design .  students and faculty are making 500 bowls for the empty bowls fundraise .
 newsquiz : week of october 8 <sec> use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student news .  write your answers in the space provided .  today 's newsquiz includes the media literacy question of the da .
 crew of fishing boat missing in turbulent waters off nova scotia <sec> the miss ally disappeared on sunday night , sending out a distress radio signal .  a crew of five fishermen was onboard , and only an empty life raft has been found so fa .
 libya pays $ 1.5 billion to settle terrorism claims <sec> payment is part of multitiered plan to normalize relations between the two countries .  tensions go back to attacks on pan am 103 , german disco , u.s. airstrikes .  libya now exempt from legislation allowing victim compensation from frozen assets .  deal ends libyan liability in terror cases , paves way for u.s. investmen .
 americans recount chaos , violence as they fought to leave libya <sec> american basketball player describes the chaos that 's consumed libya .  one american couple was stopped at a checkpoint by soldiers with machine guns .  a u.s. ferry has left libya carrying about 300 passengers .  many fear for the friends and colleagues they left behin .
 religious liberty at stake in battle over contraception rule <sec> mary matalin : obama administration rule infringes on rights of religious organizations .  she says catholic groups were right to file lawsuits against the government rule .  matalin says requiring religious groups to offer contraceptive coverage is wrong .  she says government ca n't force groups to violate their tenet .
 situation 'tragic ' as winter weather blankets europe <sec> several italian villages are isolated by heavy snow , without power .  a total of 34 deaths are reported in romania and 53 in poland .  heathrow airport cancels half of its flights .  ukraine is hit hard by winter , with at least 122 people freezing to death , state media sa .
 uruguay set to legalize marijuana <sec> bill to legalize pot widely expected to pass in tuesday vote .  it would give uruguayan government authority to regulate production and distribution .  supporters say it will put drug traffickers out of business .  opponents say it 's dangerous because it will make more marijuana availabl .
 u.s. official : north korea could test fire missiles at any time <sec> new : u.s. and north korean officials met in new york last month , a source says .  recent intelligence shows north korea likely has completed launch preparations .  the u.s. believes test could occur without standard warning to aviation , shipping .  41 % of americans see north korea as an `` immediate threat , '' a new poll show .
 # @ * ! ! ! anonymous anger rampant on internet <sec> blogs , commenters and whole web sites are full of vitriol .  anger is sharper on internet as result of medium 's anonymity , lack of retaliation .  professor : `` kids do n't realize that one post can destroy somebody 's life forever '' .  parents can instill understanding in children ; adults can better understand selve .
 supreme court rulings on same-sex marriage hailed as historic victory - cnnpolitics.com <sec> california 's attorney general urges quick action to allow same-sex marriages .  president obama orders a review of federal statutes after the law is stricken .  the `` decisions put two giant cracks in the dark wall of discrimination , '' advocate says .  critics are dismayed as unanswered questions extend the debat .
 from sandy , a lesson for election <sec> douglas rushkoff : sandy 's aftermath points up something about election issues .  `` do i depend on others , or go it alone ? '' .  is false dichotomy , he says .  he says those needing help were n't lazy ; those providing it did it from collective resources .  rushkoff : personal success needs concern for collective welfar .
