 8 very old sites in the new world <sec> things were happening in the 'new world ' a long , long time ago .  see where the dinosaurs roamed at dinosaur provincial park in alberta .  explore marvels of the olmec culture in tabasco and oaxaca , mexic .
 europe 's cold snap spreads west <sec> state media : 122 people have frozen to death in ukraine .  snow falls in rome , snarling traffic .  heathrow airport cancels some flight .
 duong thuy vi : the acrobatic artistry of vietnam 's wushu champion <sec> vietnamese martial artist became a world champion in 2013 .  duong trains six days a week , seven in build up to tournaments .  sport of wushu derived from ancient chinese martial art .  duong displays incredible athleticism in routine that uses spears and sword .
 can today 's gonzo gop celebs help romney win ? <sec> tim stanley : conservative celeb ideal today is manly-man action hero , right of tea party .  he says in past gop drew mainstream stars ; today they get self-styled angry populists .  he says since nixon , gop has tapped into faded-cowboy-star-as-silent-majority branding .  stanley : will likes of ted nugent , chuck norris help romney win independents ? .  not likel .
 african union soldiers killed in victories over somali extremists <sec> the fighting was part of a major offensive .  the operation began february 19 .  ugandans and burundians are part of the au missio .
 how to avoid salesmen when buying a car <sec> you can solicit best price quotes from car dealers over the internet .  you can shop the lowest price to other dealers to see if they will match or beat it .  individuals can also buy car from dealer 's fleet departmen .
 big-spending malaga off the mark <sec> new signings santi cazorla and joaquin sanchez score twice in malaga 's 4-0 win .  promoted granada drop to bottom of table in spain after second successive defeat .  unbeaten newcastle move up to fourth place in england after 0-0 draw at promoted qp .
 air force lt. col. jeffrey krusinski acquitted of groping woman in lot <sec> former chief of air force sexual assault prevention program acquitted of groping .  lt. col. jeffrey krusinski was accused of grabbing a woman in a parking lot .  `` the system worked , which is always a good thing to see , '' his attorney say .
 5 questions about syria that obama needs to address tuesday night <sec> obama is scheduled to address the nation tuesday night from the white house .  he will need to answer several key questions for the american public .  poll : many think obama has not done a good job explaining the need to attack syria .  new russian proposal on syria 's chemical weapons may alter obama 's messag .
 reports : man killed by fbi agent was unarmed <sec> cair calls for an investigation into the shooting death of ibragim todashev .  todashev , who knew deceased boston bombing suspect , was killed last week .  reports say todashev was unarmed .  law enforcement sources say he wielded a weapon , requiring deadly forc .
 nadal survives monte carlo scare <sec> rafael nadal qualifies for semifinal of monte carlo masters .  nadal will face france 's jo-wilfried tsonga in last four .  world no.1 novak djokovic to play italy 's fabio fognini .  serb star confirms ankle injury is improving following latest wi .
 three years without oil <sec> in 2007 , patrick vanderwyden began a mission to cut his energy use .  his home is fueled by solar panels , and he owns electric vehicles charged with solar power .  he said he hopes more americans follow his example .  'it 's our demand that makes them want to drill a mile deep in the gulf of mexico , ' he sai .
 opinion : protect bangladesh workers who make our clothes <sec> today marks one year since a fire killed 112 workers in a factory in bangladesh .  robert menendez : the tragedies in bangladesh are a call to action for consumers .  he says no one wants to wear clothes if they are stained with the blood of workers .  menendez : we need to push bangladesh to protect workers and their right .
 cuba eases travel restriction for citizens <sec> the cuban government is ditching two travel requirements .  getting rid of these documents will save travelers money .  a traveler will need a passport , but not everyone can have one .  president raul castro has pledged to do away with unnecessary restriction .
 ammo factory blast in yemen kills at least 121 <sec> new : at least 121 die and 45 are injured when an ammunition factory explodes , medical sources say .  the dead and wounded were ransacking the factory , security officials say .  the blast comes amid anti-government demonstrations and a fight against al qaeda .  president saleh says he 's best equipped to fight the islamist .
 football : argentine star gunned down <sec> former argentina international fernando caceres in grave condition in hospital .  caceres shot in the head as gang try to steal his bmw car in buenos aires .  argentina football legend diego maradona visits caceres in hospital .  40-year-old caceres enjoyed a distinquished club and international caree .
 gisele bundchen : mothers should put themselves first <sec> gisele bundchen was criticized after saying she puts herself first in a recent interview .  taking care of herself , bundchen says , makes her a better mother and wife .  many women across the country say the supermodel is 100 % right .  some women find it hard to take parenting advice from a woman who makes $ 128,000 per da .
 supreme court to take major look at privacy in digital age <sec> court accepts two appeals on search warrants and cell phones .  cases involve suspects in massachusetts and california .  arguments could be held as early as apri .
 life in the fast lane with janine davies <sec> janine davies is a superbike racer from cape town , south africa .  she is the country 's first female rider to compete on a national level .  a horrific crash landed her in intensive care with nine broken bones , nearly ending her career .  but she got back on the bike and now mentors women in the spor .
 did business disputes play a role in kim jong un 's uncle 's execution ? <sec> south korea 's intelligence agency offers an analysis of jang song thaek 's execution .  it suggests business-related disputes may have played a role in his downfall .  the agency says jang may have refused an order from kim to solve the disputes .  the agency 's analysis was relayed in comments by a south korean lawmake .
 mcchrystal : uprooting bin laden and taliban key to winning in afghanistan <sec> new : `` i do n't think we can finally defeat al qaeda '' without getting bin laden , mcchrystal says .  new : general , u.s. ambassador testify before house and senate armed services committees .  mcchrystal : perceptions of afghan people and insurgency will be critical to success .  mcchrystal : `` i do n't view july 2011 as a deadline . .
 jerusalem omission 's silly significance <sec> aaron miller : for some reason , the democratic platform omitted jerusalem , then included it .  the omission gave romney an opening for questioning obama 's commitment ot israel , he says .  but jerusalem is hardly relevant now , he says , with peace talks dead and iran the main issue .  miller : platforms do n't matter , and politicians know jerusalem 's fate is not in their hand .
 track star marion jones sentenced to 6 months <sec> gold-medal runner will spend time in prison for lying about using steroid .  jones pleads with judge not to separate her from her children .  judge is n't moved : `` people live with their choices '' .  for years jones had publicly and angrily denied taking performance drug .
 burger king deal : blame it on congress ( opinion ) <sec> robert mcintyre : burger king 's purchase of tim hortons means it can pay less taxes .  robert mcintyre : americans are right to be angry at the merger .  he says while warren buffett 's company is partly financing the deal , he 's not to blame .  mcintyre : unless congress fixes the tax loopholes , nothing will chang .
 opinion : can harvard stop awarding so many as ? <sec> the most frequent grade given at harvard is a and the median grade is a- .  stephen trachtenberg : grade inflation can be stopped ; just look at princeton .  he says it seems that higher education has morphed into a consumer business .  trachtenberg : faculty want good student reviews just as students want good grade .
 study : french tops in eating , drinking <sec> average japanese spends longer at work and getting to work than on leisure .  south korea and japan have the lowest obesity rates .  survey looks at 18 countries among oecd 's 30 members to gauge use of tim .
 source : pakistan airstrikes kill 20 taliban militants <sec> airstrikes launched in attempt to retake small pockets of bajaur agency .  police officer , 2 civilians die in suicide attack on police checkpoint near peshawar .  sunday : bomb blast destroys girl 's school east of peshawar cit .
 world 's most dangerous footpath set to reopen in spain <sec> spain 's ' '' most dangerous path '' due to reopen this month after extensive reconstruction efforts .  originally built in the 1900s , the trail 's boardwalks deteriorated over time , forcing the local government to close i .
 first time : a woman awarded math 's highest prize <sec> the fields medal is often nicknamed the nobel prize of mathematics .  since it was established in 1936 , it previously had gone only to men .  maryam mirzakhani helped bring unexpected order to an area considered chaotic by many .  she hopes her receiving the award will encourage young women in the fiel .
 student wrecks car on snowy road , disappears <sec> maura murray told her professors there had been a death in the family .  there was no death , relatives say .  car was found crashed into a tree along snowy new hampshire roadway .  a $ 40,000 reward is offered . .  tips ? .  call 603-271-266 .
 after 9/11 , how we honored our son 's memory <sec> elizabeth and stephen alderman : our youngest son , peter , was killed on 9/11 .  after his death , they knew they had to leave a mark that peter existed .  they set up the peter c. alderman foundation to help people affected by terrorism .  elizabeth , stephen alderman : peter would be proud of the work that bears his nam .
 facebook : fan page for colorado shooter does n't violate terms <sec> facebook pages backing the suspect in colorado theater killings have popped up .  james holmes is accused of killing 12 moviegoers early friday morning .  a facebook fan page for holmes had more than 800 likes on wednesday .  professor of pop culture warns against reading too much into a tiny piece of the interne .
 family of missing ex-fbi agent 'living a nightmare ' <sec> robert levinson 's family `` constantly praying for his return , '' wife says .  levinson disappeared two years ago during trip to iranian island .  iranians say they have no knowledge of missing man 's whereabouts .  iranian claim is widely doubted in the united state .
 taliban claim responsibility for fatal pakistan blast <sec> new : the pakistani taliban claim responsibity for the blast .  seven people , including three children , are killed in the bombing .  it happened during a shiite procession for the holiday of ashura .  pakistan is on high alert because of the threat of attacks during the holida .
 ted ligety winning streak in giant slalom snapped <sec> american ted ligety 's four-race winning streak in the giant slalom comes to an end .  ligety , starting first , did n't finish the first run saturday in val d'isere .  the last time he missed out on a podium finish in the giant slalom was in 2012 .  lindsey vonn elects to sit out this weekend 's women 's races in switzerlan .
 deported veterans ask obama for relief <sec> navy veteran howard dean bailey was deported in 2012 .  he is one of thoursands of vets who have been deported , according to advocates .  the obama administration deported more than 20,000 legal permanent residents last yea .
 floods threaten great barrier reef , la niña to blame <sec> flood water will have devastating affect on corals and sea grass in parts of great barrier reef .  flood water is full of sediment , pesticides and nutrients that kill corals .  inshore coral reef lagoon region likely to be full of fresh water for weeks .  coral reefs can take over a decade to recover from 'bleaching .
 gulf coast beaches update <sec> all of florida 's beaches are open , including tourist hot spots panama city and pensacola .  sporadic tar balls and a milky sheen have been reported on perdido key .  health officials have issued advisory against swimming in alabama gulf water .
 wilma mankiller 's trail of triumph <sec> paul chaat smith says wilma mankiller was one of the most accomplished , famous indians .  she was inspired by the alcatraz occupation in 1969 to become politically involved .  he says she endured health disasters , other challenges and persevered .  smith : her life made a new future possibl .
 commentary : why i 'm not delighted by sawyer move <sec> carole simpson : women have fought for bigger role in tv news for 40 years .  she says diane sawyer has proven her talents and credentials .  simpson says it took too long for women to be given prominence .  she says network news is endangered as viewership decline .
 my cancer is worse than your cancer ? ( opinion ) <sec> geraldine moriba was diagnosed with a rare cancer at age of 38 .  her film will tell the story of james ragan , a patient who also had the disease .  james was able to appreciate his short life while enduring seven major surgeries .  moriba : why do we wait for a disease to teach us about living well and having compassion .
 man who killed 25 is denied parole <sec> juan corona is denied parole for the sixth time .  he 's serving 25 concurrent terms of 25 years to life .  he will not be eligible for another parole hearing for five year .
 opinion : the real , and dirty , obama scandal <sec> van jones : obama might ok keystone pipeline , betraying his environmental vows .  jones : keystone 's tar sands not traditional oil , it 's a pipe-eating goo that fouls water .  keystone pipeline brings dirty fuel through u.s. to world markets , not to u.s. , he says .  jones : state department says keystone will create only 35 permanent job .
 new ways to survive cardiac arrest <sec> gupta : death is not a single event ; it 's a process that can be interrupted .  without a heartbeat , circulation slows to a halt ; brain is first organ to suffer .  in cpr , compressions are more important than mouth-to-mouth breathing .  compressions keep oxygen-rich blood circulating to brain , other organ .
 need an update on the big stories ? let cnn 'reset ' your world <sec> residents put the 'oklahoma standard ' to work in rebuilding their lives .  tourists visit as the city of cleveland struggles with the legacy of a captivity house .  a texas firefighter blown out of his boots survives a fertilizer plant explosion .  two brothers share the recovery from right leg amputations in boston marathon attack .
 why los angeles needs to know who elizabeth espinosa is <sec> cnn latino welcomes emmy-winning journalist elizabeth espinosa as new host .  for the first time espinosa will be broadcasting to her fellow angelenos in spanish .  `` it 's almost as if i 'm doing a reverse crossover , right ? .  i ca n't wait , '' says espinosa .  cnn en español launches cnn latino on monday in los angele .
 two survivors rescued from grounded cruise ship <sec> new : two rescued passengers were south koreans on their honeymoon .  the captain is being investigated for abandoning ship and manslaughter .  an estimated 126 americans were among the 3,200 passengers .  scores of people are unaccounted for , but may be at hospitals and shelter .
 czech republic win 7-hour davis cup doubles marathon <sec> switzerland and czech republic play longest doubles match in davis cup history .  czech republic win 24-22 in final set in match lasting seven hours and two minutes .  bryan brothers suffer shock loss to brazilian pair in florida .  serbia and france safely through to quarterfinal after 3-0 wins over belgium and israe .
 how you help facebook make billions <sec> facebook 's multibillion-dollar business model relies on user data .  experts say the social network 's targeted advertising can be uniquely precise .  if you have a facebook account , the company values you at $ 4.84 a year .  facebook has to balance targeting ads , user experience , privacy concern .
 5 things to know about black culture now <sec> director of satirical film `` dear white people '' shares 5 things to know about black culture .  author : many blacks have a desire to have an identity rooted in black culture .  we do n't often see ourselves reflected in popular `` black culture , '' he write .
 bayern munich on brink of clinching bundesliga in record-breaking time <sec> bayern munich score two late goals to beat mainz .  pep guardiola 's side will clinch title with win against hertha berlin on tuesday .  borussia dortmund still one point ahead of schalke in battle for secon .
 autopsy blames impact and fire for actor paul walker 's death <sec> coroner : paul walker died from `` combined effects of traumatic and thermal injuries '' .  autopsy confirms roger rodas was driving the porsche when it crashed .  walker 's and rodas ' deaths ruled an accident by the coroner .  production of the next `` fast & furious '' film is shut down `` for a period of time .
 tevez hat-trick sends man city fourth <sec> argentine striker carlos tevez scored his first manchester city hat-trick .  tevez nets his treble as roberto mancini 's side defeat blackburn 4-1 on monday .  the result lifts city up to fourth in the premier league table , seven points behind leaders chelse .
 inventor builds his own girlfriend <sec> aiko can do the cleaning , react to touch and speak .  aiko means `` love child '' in japanese .  canadian inventor has spent $ 21,000 creating the fembo .
 radical islamist abu hamza al-masri extradited to u.s . <sec> new : the 5 men departed friday night for the u.s. , the uk home secretary says .  new : `` it is right that these men ... will finally face justice , '' she says .  radical muslim cleric abu hamza al-masri and 4 others had battled against extradition .  the father of suspect babar ahmad says they will continue fight for justic .
 report : north korea world 's least democratic nation <sec> norway is listed as the most democratic nation in the british report .  the united states ranks 19th , down two spots from 2010 .  canada is eighth and the united kingdom is 18t .
 uk condemns embassy incursion in iran <sec> cameron : the embassy incursion was `` outrageous and indefensible '' .  `` clearly there will be other , further , and serious consequences , '' hague says .  the iranian students have now left the british embassy compound , local media say .  iran 's foreign ministry expresses regret for the embassy incursio .
 djokovic breezes into second week ; gasquet falls to teen tomic <sec> novak djokovic beats jeremy chardy in straight sets .  australia 's bernard tomic puts out ninth seed richard gasquet .  david ferrer survives five-set marathon to make last 16 .  serena williams on course in her title defens .
 dunn convicted of attempted murder ; hung jury on murder <sec> `` you are looking at basically at life in prison , '' dunn 's lawyer says .  dunn is convicted on three counts of attempted second-degree murder .  but there 's a mistrial on first-degree murder ; prosecutors say they 'll seek a new trial .  the teen killed , jordan davis , would have celebrated his 19th birthday sunda .
 israelis kill militants , palestinians say <sec> new : israel closes fuel terminal on gaza border after sniper fire , military says .  israel says its troops fired on militants from gaza trying to infiltrate border .  one killed , one wounded , palestinian security sources say .  in separate incident , israel says two islamic jihad militants killed in west ban .
 world 's tallest lego tower built in budapest <sec> lego tower in budapest confirmed as world 's tallest by guinness world records .  tower reaches 34 meters over city 's st. stephen 's basilica .  local school children helped build the structure , which was topped by a rubik 's cube -- a hungarian inventio .
 african woman kept as slave , london court hears <sec> a pakistani-born woman is accused of keeping a slave in the united kingdom .  mwanahamisi mruke worked for saeeda khan for years without pay , prosecutors say .  mruke was not allowed to go home to see her dying parents , the jury hears .  khan denies the charge .
 mumbai fisherman warned about bomb smugglers <sec> new : fisherman , damoda tandel , sent tip to authorities in a letter .  indian officials say lone captured suspect was trained in pakistan .  investigation : mumbai terrorists planned their strike for at least 3 months .  attackers pakistani , indian investigator says , but pakistan blames `` stateless '' actor .
 from survivor to suspect : man rescued in andes is wanted in sex abuse <sec> in argentina , authorities called a man 's survival in the andes a miracle .  now chilean prosecutors say he 's a wanted suspect accused of sexual abuse .  the man lived for four months in the andes , eating rats and grass to survive .  his family denies the allegations and says he 's been missing for month .
