 romney returns to new hampshire tv in chamber of commerce ad <sec> chamber to blitz new hampshire with new scott brown ad starring mitt romney .  romney won convincingly in 2012 republican presidential primary .  polls show brown behind incumbent jeanne shaheen from 2 to 10 point .
 westwood and rose in big-money showdown <sec> lee westwood and justin rose to play for the world golf finals title .  rose beat former world no . .  1 tiger woods , while westwood defeated charl schwartzel .  woods had got the better of world no . .  1 rory mcilroy to reach the semifinals .  northern ireland 's mcilroy lost all three of his matches in turke .
 dakota johnson 's mom defends 'snl ' performance <sec> actress dakota johnson hosted `` saturday night live '' this weekend .  her mother , actress melanie griffith , was pleased with the performance .  but some reacted negatively to johnson 's isis-related sketc .
 they got 'shorty ' -- now what ? next steps after el chapo capture <sec> official : the united states will seek to extradite joaquin `` el chapo '' guzman .  the sinaloa cartel boss faces charges in several u.s. jurisdictions .  analyst : mexico will want to prosecute him , keep him in prison .  he had served seven years of a 20-year sentence when he escape .
 gop attacks its female deficit in congress <sec> republicans launch drive to attract women candidates for congress .  women comprise 8 % of republican house caucus ; 29 % of democratic membership .  martha mcsally , a fighter pilot who flew combat patrols , is running for gabby giffords ' old seat .  top democrat recruiter says her party does n't need special project to attract wome .
 thousands mourn slain ex-navy seal sniper <sec> chris kyle was gunned down february 2 , alongside a friend .  a veteran faces murder charges in their deaths .  kyle 's widow remembers her husband as a `` warrior both on and off the battlefield .
 britain cuts banking ties to iran over nuclear concerns <sec> british companies must end all banking ties to iran by monday afternoon .  secretary of state hillary clinton to outline new steps u.s. is taking to pressure iran .  the iaea raises `` deep and increasing concern '' regarding the iran 's nuclear program .  iran calls u.n. watchdog 's report `` unbalanced '' and `` politically motivated .
 reports : barbara walters set to retire <sec> abc says `` no comment '' to reports barbara walters will retire in may 2014 .  new york times and on deadline.com cite unnamed network executives .  walters began her national broadcast career on nbc 's `` today show '' in 1961 .  she 's interviewed every u.s. president and first lady since richard and pat nixo .
 mi6 codebreaker gareth williams ' death 'perfect crime , ' expert says <sec> mi6 codebreaker gareth williams ' body was found locked in a bag in 2010 .  a coroner 's inquest into his death concluded it was likely that someone had killed him .  but scotland yard said it was most likely no one else was involved in williams ' death .  confined spaces expert peter faulding believes williams was murdered in a `` 'perfect crime .
 apparently this matters : and the color of the year is ... <sec> the pantone company announced its 2014 color of the year : radiant orchid .  radiant orchid is an `` enchanting harmony of fuchsia , purple and pink undertones '' .  pantone swatches have become rather hip as an accessor .
 opinion : walter white , tony soprano and the undead <sec> bryan cranston dropped teaser to cnn 's banfield : walter white really dead ? .  frank lovece : there were other finales where doomed characters were not what they seemed .  he speculates on what real outcome was for `` the sopranos , '' `` breaking bad , '' `` xena '' .. .
 opinion : nelson mandela saved my life <sec> at 10 , kennedy odede was on and off the streets in a sprawling nairobi , kenya , slum .  he was extremely poor and believed he was fated to die poor -- this was his prison .  odede 's life turned around when he read nelson mandela 's books and speeches .  he would `` speak '' to mandela , whose inspiration led him to achieve , excel and help other .
 bahraini crown prince to skip royal wedding <sec> prince salman bin hamad al-khalifa was invited to prince william 's wedding .  he declined the invitation `` with deep regret '' because of unrest in his country .  prince says british media reports misrepresent his views on crisis in his countr .
 the original 'idol ' kicks off in europe <sec> european nations compete in friendly music competition at eurovision .  on tuesday the first semi-final of the 2011 eurovision took place in a dusseldorf arena .  between 100 million and 120 million are expected to tune into the competition this yea .
 king : hope for change runs into reality <sec> diner patron kate o'leary likes obama , but doubts how much change he can bring .  republican jim wells believes consumers need to be more confident .  three diners says washington is missing a spirit of cooperation , compromise .  living beyond means has been a `` reality check '' for the country , debbie lurvey say .
 jury selection begins for man accused of killing jennifer hudson 's relatives <sec> new : nine jurors were selected by mid-afternoon ; 12 total are needed , plus six alternates .  william balfour is accused of fatally shooting hudson 's mother , brother and nephew .  balfour , the estranged husband of hudson 's sister , has denied the charges .  opening arguments are set for april 23 , and the trial may last 4 weeks , the judge say .
 this 3d printed plastic dress flows like fabric <sec> a design studio has created a 3d printed dress that sways like real fabric .  the software behind the process combines origami techniques with 3d printing .  the company originally developed the concept as part of a google project .  at $ 3,000 a pop , it is n't quite ready for the retail market ye .
 opinion : what it takes to fix the va <sec> david gergen : an admirable shinseki performed selfless act of service be resigning va post .  va needs world-class leader with support team of ex-servicemen and women , he says .  gergen : it 's a narrow field of qualified . .  ashton carter . .  retired general john allen would be good .  gergen most crucial is recruiting top-flight veterans who can help imaginatively pull va into shap .
 filipino maid in saudi says boss 's mother scalded her <sec> graphic photos emerged on facebook showing a filipino maid with burns .  the maid claims her saudi boss 's mother poured boiling water on her .  she says it was down to a simple misunderstanding .  the photos sparked outrage on social medi .
 500,000 pack daytona beach for bike week <sec> bike week in daytona beach , florida , began friday and ends sunday .  bike week caters to a wide demographic of people .  bike week and biketoberfest generate $ 650 million , official say .
 at nation 's truck stops , talk of diesel , gas , chicken and eggs <sec> next year , truck manufacturers will start making new vehicles that use lng .  but fueling up could be a problem - there are n't many stations with liquefied natural gas .  some enviromentalists warn the new , cheaper fuel could harm the atmospher .
 mexico confirms presence of u.s. drones <sec> u.s. drones are flying over mexican territory , the mexican government says .  the mexican government says it has oversight .  the drones helped follow suspects in a u.s. agent 's killin .
 is bollywood coming to hollywood ? <sec> `` slumdog millionaire '' is not authentically bollywood or indian .  hollywood has often used international styles and filmmakers to its advantage .  film critic : it 's bollywood 's time to influence american cinema .  box-office analyst : bollywood will have a hard time crossing over to americ .
 bob dylan announces new rarities collection <sec> this edition will be the first official collection of the witmark demos .  it includes 47 songs that dylan recorded between 1962 and 1964 .  dylan will release the ninth volume of his `` bootleg series '' on october 19t .
 cuban spy freed from u.s. prison <sec> rene gonzalez wants to serve his probation in cuba .  he had served about 13 years of a 15-year sentence .  he must serve three years of probatio .
 air force protests erupt in yemen <sec> air force rallies across yemen are calling for the commander 's ouster .  the president 's party says the opposition is `` pushing the wrong buttons '' .  one man threw his shoes at air force commander mohammed sale .
 chopra : attack prompts tough questions <sec> `` this is a global problem , '' author deepak chopra says .  barack obama must use chance to get muslims ' help , he says .  officials must not go after the wrong people , chopra say .
 relief on way for alaska after record-breaking temps <sec> meteorologists say cooling trend will continue on wednesday after record highs .  new temperature records set in anchorage , seward on tuesday .  talkeetna recorded a monday temp of 96 degrees , shattering the 1969 recor .
 baby prince george christened , 7 godparents named <sec> prince george christened in small , private event at st. james 's palace .  george wore an ornate christening gown that 's a replica of an 1841 royal original .  7 people are named as godparents , including childhood friends of william and kate .  `` all babies are unbelievably special , not only royal babies , '' says archbishop of canterbur .
 oral roberts university president quits amid lawsuit <sec> `` i love oru with all my heart , '' richard roberts writes in his resignation letter .  three professors allege they were fired for revealing misspending .  roberts and wife deny spending university funds improperly .  roberts announced last month he was stepping aside temporarily as presiden .
 ice hockey in the desert : will fans adopt sport in uae ? <sec> uae became first arab nation to play an international ice hockey federation world championship .  international team is made up of part time players .  coaches of national team hail from canada and belarus .  football is fans ' favorite sport in the countr .
 team leopard rider weylandt dies in giro d'italia crash <sec> team leopard rider wouter weylandt of belgium is killed after a horror crash .  weylandt dies after an accident on the third stage of the giro d'italia on monday .  the 26-year-old belgian won the corresponding stage of last year 's rac .
 drug-resistant bacteria tied to 2 ucla hospital deaths <sec> ucla says 179 people may have been exposed .  carbapenem-resistant enterobacteriaceae is better known as cre .  cdc says it can resist most antibiotics and kills about half the people it infect .
 beard protest inflames shetlands viking festival <sec> viking-themed fire festival kicks off in shetland islands .  two `` vikings '' were banned from a local fire-fighting crew for refusing to shave .  ironic , because up helly aa is pretty incendiary .  a torchlit procession culminates in the immolation of a longboa .
 sample the culinary treats of miami <sec> versailles restaurant is a bastion of authentic cuban cuisine in little havana .  miami is the place for a cafe cubano -- a sticky sweet shot of espresso .  celebs flock to prime one twelve to devour succulent slabs of steak .  lost and found saloon is a great spot for a veggie breakfast -- or lunc .
 'star wars ' scientists create laser gun to kill mosquitoes <sec> scientists are developing a laser that could kill millions of mosquitoes in minutes .  the system has been developed to tackle the spread of malaria .  around one million people die of malaria each year , according to the wh .
 amnesty international : fewer nations execute more <sec> some 18,750 people faced death sentences in 2011 , while at least 676 people were executed .  countries in the middle east recorded a steep rise -- 50 % up compared to previous year .  survey did not include `` thousands '' executed in china , as it does not release figures .  united states the only member of the g8 group of leading economies to execute prisoner .
 phelps ends gold drought in shanghai <sec> michael phelps wins his first gold medal of the world swimming championships .  phelps successfully defends his 200m butterfly title in a time of one minute 53.34 secs .  japan 's takeshi matsuda takes silver while china 's wu peng won bronze .  federica pellegrini adds women 's 200m freestyle to her 400m freestyle titl .
 scottish woman tests negative for ebola <sec> woman in the scottish highlands tests negative for ebola , government says .  a health care worker diagnosed with the virus is moved to a london hospital .  she was working with save the children in sierra leone as a volunteer nurse .  a third suspected ebola case is being tested in the southwest of england , officials sa .
 review : 'the skin i live in ' is skillful and intriguing <sec> `` the skin i live in '' is significantly darker in tone .  it contains more than a couple of eye opening moments .  antonio banderas is nothing short of spectacula .
 sri lankan players feared teammates were dead <sec> sri lankan vice-captain feared teammate had been fatally wounded .  driver praised for getting bus to stadium as bullets ripped through vehicle .  attack in lahore killed driver , 6 pakistani police , injured 8 sri lankan cricket players .  match referee : security forces left players , match officials to be `` sitting ducks .
 man lost at sea for 12 days is rescued off hawaii <sec> ron ingraham says he survived at sea by catching and eating fish .  the hawaii man made a distress call , 12 days after his first , saying his boat may sink .  authorities tracked him down , finding him `` weak , hungry and dehydrated '' .  his son predicts his father will resume fishing as soon as he ca .
 gop leaders drop key demand in payroll tax cut standoff <sec> new : the white house says there is time to work out a comprehensive deal .  house republicans say they will not demand spending cuts to offset the payroll tax cut .  republicans concede they had angered voters by pushing that issue late last year .  the move , house gop leaders say , will blunt `` democrats ' political games .
 house approves bill to overhaul va <sec> the $ 16 billion measure would provide money for new medical facilities and doctors .  it now goes to the senate , which is expected to act by thursday .  it 's a congressional response to the scandal involving delayed medical care for veteran .
 5 jailed for aiding madrid train bombers <sec> spanish court convicts five men of islamic terrorist activities that included aiding fugitives from madrid train bombings .  five men , including three moroccans , an algerian and a turk , sentenced to between five and nine years in prison .  madrid train bombings of 2004 killed 191 people and wounded more than 1,80 .
 thieves strike at dc rescue scene , steal subway keys <sec> two thieves in masks strike while fire crew tends to rescue near pentagon .  suspects make off with a number of items , including keys to secure areas of metro .  episode raises concern in post 9/11 washington , but officials believe theft is isolated .  video captured incident that occurred in past week ; no suspects identifie .
 suburban 'tsunami ' kills 52 in jakarta <sec> death at now at least 52 from dam burst in jakarta .  survivors say rumbling of waters rushing from dam sounded like earthquake .  rescuers are having difficulties reaching people because of mu .
 big tobacco : a history of its decline <sec> tobacco industry once known for big spending on campaigns , effective lobbyists .  as public opinion has turned on big tobacco , courts and congress has too .  despite moves against industry , `` tobacco wars are anything but over , '' author say .
 for the relatives , the long wait continues in the lido 's marble halls <sec> relatives of those onboard malaysia airlines flight 370 still awaiting news .  many express dissatisfaction with the way information on the search has been handled .  speculation the plane may have been hijacked has fueled hopes it may still be found .  relatives have turned to wechat to exchange information on the missing plan .
 opinion : tea party rise will be short <sec> christopher parker : recent administration controversies have boosted tea party in polls .  he says to maintain support , tea party must make dust-up last till 2014 elections .  it could return to issues that fire base : immigration , opposition to same-sex marriage , he says .  parker : stopping same-sex marriage , boosting border flout party 's small government mantr .
 penn state coach who saw alleged sex assault placed on leave <sec> psychologist of alleged victim notes `` power differential '' between the accuser , accused .  penn state asks fans at saturday 's game to wear blue and donate to charities .  penn state assistant coach mcqueary is on indefinite leave .  former coach jerry sandusky is accused of sexually assaulting kids between 1994 and 200 .
 louis van gaal into hard work , not predictions <sec> dutchman louis van gaal is officially unveiled as manchester united manager .  after finishing seventh in england , van gaal says united not the biggest club .  he bypassed a holiday after the world cup and is getting to work at old trafford .  in bad news for van gaal , michael carrick is out after suffering an ankle injur .
 lung transplant girl has pneumonia <sec> sarah murnaghan developed pneumonia in her right lung , her mother posts .  the murnaghans won a change in transplant policy for her lung replacement .  sarah has had two sets of transplant lungs .  the second set was infected with pneumonia before being put in plac .
 opinion : why obama is playing a weak hand at state of the union <sec> newt gingrich : president obama facing tough headwinds as he gives state of the union .  he cites poll numbers showing americans unhappy with direction and economy .  gingrich : obama can excite the base with talk of income inequality .  he says speech could boost obama short term but will effect last .
 nfl suspends vick indefinitely <sec> new : nfl chief , atlanta falcons owner critical of michael vick 's conduct .  nfl suspends falcons quarterback indefinitely without pay .  vick admits funding dogfighting operation but says he did not gamble .  vick due in federal court monday ; future in nfl remains uncertai .
 wife to terrorist wannabe : 'go die in battlefield -- i 'll be relieved ' <sec> britain convicts mashudur choudhury of a terrorism offense in syria .  he was found guilty of conduct in preparation of terrorist attacks .  choudhury pleaded not guilty .  he has not yet been sentence .
 tokyo : where to shop <sec> ginza offers world-class shopping - check out the food hall in mitsukoshi .  takeshita-dori is where teenagers pick up their `` cosplay '' costumes .  omotesando is lined with boutiques , including louis vuitton and prada .  akihabara , or `` electric town , '' is the place to buy electronics and mang .
 report : hitler ordered reprieve to jewish man <sec> the jewish voice from germany newspaper unearths internal nazi files on ernst hess .  hess served in hitler 's infantry unit in world war i but did n't know him , then was a judge .  a 1940 order saved hess , despite his jewish heritage , `` per the fuhrer 's wishes '' .  the order was revoked the next year , and hess ended up in nazi concentration camp .
 us airways captain the 'consummate pilot ' <sec> air force academy superintendent praises pilot 's character .  chesley b . .  `` sully '' sullenberger iii , 57 , is former air force fighter pilot .  sullenberger has 40 years of flight experience .  sullenberger is frequent speaker on airline safet .
 webcam security : what you must do . now <sec> uk information commissioner 's office says a website is publishing private webcam feeds .  it says the footage has been taken from devices ranging from cctv to baby monitors .  the ico says consumers should always change default passwords on cameras .  consumers should also take the time to read camera systems ' instructions on security , it say .
 why moms get jealous when dads bond with kids <sec> there is still a perception that moms should be better parents than dads .  a mom does n't like to feel that a child loves dad more .  advice : appreciate having another pair of hands to help with parentin .
 nypd makes 3 arrests in protest assaults <sec> new york police arrests five of six people sought in alleged assault on lieutenants .  assaults occurred on the brooklyn bridge during nationwide anti-police protests .  the two police lieutenants were treated for their injuries at a local hospita .
 egypt 's new president : u.s.-educated islamist <sec> thousands in cairo 's tahrir square erupt in cheers as mohamed morsi is named president .  educated in the united states , morsi has long been a behind-the-scenes party figure .  he has argued for barring women from the presidency and called israeli leaders `` vampires '' .  morsi leads the freedom and justice party , political wing of muslim brotherhoo .
 ex-acorn worker : 'i paid the price ' for voter registration fraud <sec> clifton mitchell is one of few acorn workers convicted of voter registration fraud .  mitchell : acorn threatened to close his office if workers did n't meet quotas .  allegations of voter registration fraud have surfaced in several states .  study : person more likely to get struck by lightning than commit voter frau .
