 convicted murderers whose victims were n't dead <sec> some murder victims show up after suspects were convicted , sometimes executed .  jack marion hung for murdering jack cameron , who left country to avoid marriage .  john perry 's family hung , victim returns 2 years later claiming he was abducted .  two brothers ' convictions overturned after ad in paper locates victim in another stat .
 heavy metal in baghdad <sec> vbs.tv crew travels to iraq to find and interview the only heavy metal band in the country .  film follows `` acrassicauda '' through their struggles following the 2003 fall of saddam hussein .  today , band is `` alive and well , and growing their hair long in peace . .
 john mcenroe 's son , kevin , arrested on drug charges <sec> kevin mcenroe , 27 , was arrested in manhattan late tuesday night , police said .  he is the son of tennis great john mcenroe and oscar-winning actress tatum o'neal .  police say he was carrying six bags of what was believed to be cocaine and some pill .
 flight 1549 crew : hudson landing still on our minds <sec> captain of plane that landed in river : i 'll return to work `` as soon as i 'm ready '' .  capt . .  sullenberger : `` it 's hard sometimes to turn off my brain at night '' after incident .  sullenberger , crew recount hudson river landing on `` larry king live '' .  first officer : everybody did their jobs , and `` we had good fortune .
 safety fears raised as bahrain protestors hurl petrol bomb over force india car <sec> four members of force india formula one team caught up in bahrain protest .  a petrol bomb is thrown near to vehicle returning staff from the race track .  one person involved in the incident has left bahrain to return to the uk .  force india say they will continue to take guidance from the sport 's governing bod .
 rejuvenated johnson destroys sri lanka <sec> mitchell johnson inspires australia to innings victory over sri lanka in melbourne .  injury-hit tourists crash to series defeat ahead of third and final match in sydney .  johnson named man of the match after taking six wickets and hitting 92 not out .  india levels twenty20 series against pakistan with 11-run win in second match at ahmedaba .
 dictionaries include definition of literally that is n't literal <sec> dictionaries now include a definition of literally that is n't literal .  literally can be used to express a strong feeling , dictionaries say .  merriam-webster , cambridge and google agree .  dictionary.com notes the exceptio .
 israel quietly watches egyptian turmoil <sec> there 's been no official comment from the israeli government about the egyptian situation .  earlier this week , a knesset member said he did n't see mubarak stepping down .  but friday , analysts on israeli television spoke about the possibility .  egypt and israel signed a peace accord in 197 .
 libyan rebels find support boost at doha summit <sec> delegates agree to set up a funding mechanism for the opposition .  the doha meeting convenes as civilian casualties mount .  ban ki-moon : as many as 3.6 million people could need help in the libya conflict .  the rebels have asked for arm .
 opinion : budget cuts hold u.s. scientists back <sec> meg urry : american astronomy society conference highlights new discoveries .  at meetings , she says , scientists learn latest research , network , recruit researchers .  urry : cuts in travel budgets mean many federal scientists told to stay home .  urry : government will fall behind , lose its scientists if it does n't invest mor .
 report : malian soldiers , tuareg rebels dead after clashes in kidal <sec> government forces clash with tuareg rebels , state-run paper reports .  the clashes end with 8 malian soldiers ' deaths ; 28 tuareg rebels died , paper says .  government says buildings attacked by azawad national liberation movemen .
 new la . law : sex offenders must list status on facebook , other social media <sec> new law says sex offenders , child predators must reveal convictions on sites .  the law expands upon existing sex offender registration laws .  the new law , effective august 1 , is the first of its kind in nation , legislator says .  last year a louisiana law that banned sex offenders from the internet was struck dow .
 former teacher wanted for child porn makes fbi list <sec> toth allegedly installed a camera in a bathroom used by students .  the former teacher was last seen in phoenix , the fbi says .  toth disappeared as the initial investigation got under way , the fbi says .  the fbi ten most wanted fugitives list was created in 195 .
 doctors want mehmet oz to resign position at columbia <sec> ten physicians across the country have banded together to tell columbia they think having oz on faculty is unacceptable .  radiology professor says that he just wants oz to `` follow the basic rules of science '' .  tv 's `` dr. oz '' holds a faculty position at columbia university 's college of physicians and surgeon .
 cristiano ronaldo on target but real held in bernabeu <sec> real madrid held 1-1 by villarreal .  cristiano ronaldo scores 30th la liga goal of season .  atletico madrid misses chance to close gap with 0-0 draw at sevilla .  wolfsburg wins bundesliga game subject of security aler .
 families protest over rescue operation <sec> families sheltered at a gym attempt to take grievances to south korean president .  families marched out at night , one witness tells cnn .  police blocked families from leavin .
 queen pays hospital visit to ailing prince philip <sec> new : queen elizabeth ii spent about 50 minutes visiting with her husband at a hospital .  the duke of edinburgh was admitted to the hospital monday .  he is being treated with antibiotics and will probably be hospitalized for several days .  prince philip , who turns 91 on sunday , missed some diamond jubilee event .
 george washington to debt panel : show courage on debt and taxes <sec> john avlon : debt super committee facing a pivotal choice for america 's future .  140 members of congress favor going for a big solution to debt problem .  avlon : america 's first president advised payment of debt through taxes .  he says the debt panel should put the country above arbitrary `` no-tax '' pledge .
 behold , atheists ' new ten commandments <sec> a contest crowdsources 10 `` non-commandments '' for atheists .  $ 10,000 is awarded for the 10 winners .  `` commandments '' show abundant faith in humankind , if not go .
 kepler , with new lease on life , finds another planet <sec> nasa spacecraft , once thought junk , gets new life .  kepler has now found another exoplanet -- a planet outside our solar system .  new planet is 2.5 times the diameter of earth , orbits star 180 light-years awa .
 u.n. envoy : political solution to syria crisis 'necessary and still possible ' <sec> the u.n.-arab league envoy on syria meets with russian and u.s. diplomats .  he says they `` stressed a political process to end the crisis '' is still feasible .  116 were killed around syria on sunday , an opposition group report .
 vatican recalls envoy to ireland over priest abuse scandal <sec> archbishop giuseppe leanza is recalled to consult with vatican officials , the church reports .  the move responds to `` allegations of abuse of minors by clergy '' .  it comes weeks after the irish government released a report claiming a church cover-up .  director of holy see press office says some criticisms of vatican go too fa .
 calbuco volcano in chile erupts for third time <sec> `` there is still smoke on and off , '' says resident with distant view .  the volcano erupts for third time since april 22 .  about 1,500 people are evacuated , an official says , according to cnn chil .
 army sergeant says afghan killing spree was 'act of cowardice ' <sec> army staff sgt . .  robert bales reportedly says he `` hid behind a mask of bravado '' .  he has pleaded guilty to more than 30 criminal charges , including 16 murder counts .  a jury will decide whether the 39-year-old bales will have a chance at parol .
 russian president visits islands over japanese objections <sec> japanese ambassador told protests are `` unacceptable '' .  russian president says better medical care needed in region .  the japanese government had urged against such a visit .  japan 's prime minister called the trip `` regrettable ' .
 nelson mandela at 94 : what does he mean to you ? <sec> to mark his 94th birthday , we asked you what mandela means to you .  united nations has launched a plea asking people to celebrate mandela day by helping others .  nelson mandela is celebrating his 94th birthday on wednesday , july 1 .
 israeli , palestinian forces cooperate in west bank <sec> reinforcements enter hebron as part of security crackdown .  hamas condemns fatah collaboration with israel defense forces .  crackdown meant to bring order , confiscate illegal weapons , mayor says .  idf has been removing roadblocks throughout west ban .
 what to watch for at south by southwest <sec> south by southwest is a 10-day music , film and tech festival in austin , texas .  past sxsws have helped launch twitter , foursquare and numerous indie bands .  green day will play an anticipated gig after singer billie joe armstrong 's rehab .  spacex 's elon musk highlights a new look at private spacefligh .
 oops ! seattle mayor mourns official jim diers , who 's not dead <sec> seattle mayor ed murray issues a news release mourning man 's death .  turns out , the man is alive and well .  `` i 'm dead tired today , but otherwise i 'm feeling great ! , '' man say .
 now 2 bounties on producer of anti-islamic film <sec> a former pakistani lawmaker says he 'll pay $ 200,000 for the filmmaker 's death .  pakistan 's railway minister is offering a $ 100,000 bounty .  his party condemns his action , saying it opposes militancy and extremis .
 10 of the world 's most exclusive clubs <sec> private membership clubs offer places to network with the world 's most influential -- for a price .  membership can take years , and often requires recommendations from existing club members .  registration fees top $ 50,000 at new york 's cor .
 senegal unveils colossal statue amid criticism <sec> monument to african renaissance , at 164 feet , is 1 foot taller than statue of liberty .  critics say statue is a product of president abdoulaye wade 's self-indulgence .  spokesman for wade says it was made possible by land deal with north korea .  the rev . .  jesse jackson : `` this is dedicated to the journey of our ancestors .
 katherine heigl : ready for her close-up <sec> `` grey 's anatomy '' actress katherine heigl has own production company .  star of hit movie knocked up '' is getting married .  does n't go without makeup for fear of ugly photographs .  says shopping for wedding dress is `` grueling .
 world bank : u.s. debt crisis will hit globe 's 'poorest ' <sec> world bank head says u.s. debt crisis could be 'devastating ' for global economy .  jim yong kim spoke richard quest in washington d.c. , where economic leaders are gathered .  kim said those involved in the political wrangling needed to remember it would hit the 'little guys ' har .
 ethics complaints still dog palin <sec> latest complaint : palin charged the state when she stayed in wasilla and commuted .  gov . .  sarah palin says she 's the target of the `` politics of personal destruction '' .  palin says pressure , cost of ethics investigations are part of why she 's resigning .  `` i am holding the governor accountable , '' says one republican who has file .
 obama 's sotu silence speaks volumes - cnnpolitics.com <sec> president barack obama did n't mention or comparatively downplayed a number of key issues in his state of the union .  he mostly avoided obamacare and immigration reform , despite acting on those issues during his time in office .  he also ignored gun control and campaign finance reform , two of progressives ' pet prioritie .
 eminem courts controversy again on new album <sec> eminem is answering critics about anti-gay lyrics .  his new single , `` rap god , '' uses a gay slur .  eminem 's latest album is a sequel to `` the marshall mathers lp .
 hepatitis a cases rising ; frozen fruit suspected <sec> 87 cases of hepatitis a have been reported .  the outbreak has now spread to eight states .  no one has died ; 36 people have been hospitalized , the cdc say .
 house says 'no ' to pet primates <sec> bill prohibits purchase , transportation of primates across state lines .  trade driven by `` unscrupulous dealers '' who sell primates , humane society says .  primates can inflict serious injuries , spread disease , group says .  bill comes 8 days after woman left in serious condition after chimpanzee maulin .
 florida pair indicted in largest alleged bp claim scam <sec> joseph harvey , 51 , and anja kannell , 41 , appear in federal court .  they allegedly assumed 34 false identities to file oil-spill claims .  prosecutors say the two claimed $ 340,000 intended for victims of the gulf spil .
 another child dies in a hot car , this time in kansas <sec> a foster father in kansas is arrested after a child in his care dies in a hot car .  the 10-month-old girl was in the car with the windows up more than two hours .  a kansas agency launches inspections of foster and adoptive homes in the wake of the deat .
 cancellara powers to paris roubaix glory <sec> fabian cancellara wins cycling 's hell of the north with solo breakaway ride .  cancellara completes spring classics double having won tour of flanders .  reigning paris roubaix champion tom boonen finishes out of podium places .  norway 's thor hushovd beats juan antonio flecha of spain for second plac .
 obama as witch doctor : racist or satirical ? <sec> posters show president obama with headdress , bone in his nose .  witch doctor imagery suggests larger anger at government , tea party organizer says .  expert : if movement wants to make a point , there is a better way .  presidents long caricatured , but that does n't mean 'a line ca n't be crossed .
 issa accuses irs of obstruction , warns of consequences <sec> irs spokeswoman says agency is doing everything possible to comply with congressional investigation .  gop rep. darrell issa accuses irs chief of intentionally obstructing investigation .  gop-run house panel investigating alleged irs targeting of conservative groups seeking tax-exempt status .  irs has produced only a small fraction of requested documents , issa say .
 bigfoot hoax ends in death , authorities say <sec> the man was wearing a camouflage suit , hoping to incite a bigfoot hoax , montana authorities say .  the man stepped out onto a highway , officials say .  one car struck him and another ran him over , a cnn affiliate reports .  both cars were driven by teens , the affiliate say .
 north korea 's man of mystery <sec> charles armstrong : kim jong il 's life was so mysterious there was even doubt about birth year .  father made kim successor to forestall change that followed deaths of mao , stalin .  armstrong : economics was one of kim 's weaknesses , and north korea suffered greatly .  performance of kim 's son could decide the fate of north korea 's dynast .
 marcel hirscher seals world cup treble as ted ligety snatches gs title <sec> austrian skier marcel hirscher wins men 's overall world cup title for third year in a row .  hirscher is denied giant slalom globe after finishing fourth in saturday 's final race .  olympic champion ted ligety snatches gs title on countback after fifth win of season .  american teen mikaela shiffrin confirms women 's slalom dominance with victor .
 another body found in string of california deaths <sec> police say the body of frederick sales was found hidden and bound in plastic .  sales ' father was previously found bludgeoned to death .  the suspect in the deaths was killed in a shootout with officers .  the body of the suspect 's girlfriend was found in the trunk of his vehicl .
 gun focus shifts from ban to checks and trafficking <sec> new : president obama will honor the six educators killed in the newtown shooting .  obama includes a partial weapons ban in his package of gun measures .  the national rifle association mounts fierce opposition to any kind of ban .  a policy expert says political reality shifts the debate from a ban to background check .
 previously denied a visa , new indian pm 'will be welcomed ' to u.s . <sec> white house says president obama will reach out to indian pm-elect modi soon .  india 's next prime minister will be granted a visa , state department says .  he was denied once before over sectarian violence in india ; but he has been cleared of any blam .
 assistant coach among dead in attack on togo team <sec> new : angola news agency : togo assistant coach hamelet abulo , togolese journalist dead .  togo team pulls out of cup of nations , according captain emmanuel adebayor .  togo team bus was shot at by rebel fighters on way to tournament in angola .  african football body says tournament will go ahead despite the attac .
 arduino , circuit boards with a sense of style <sec> arduino , the open source electronic hardware , hails from ivrea , the home of olivetti .  olivetti was once at the forefront of italian technology and designed the world 's first pc .  there are now more than 700,000 arduino boards in the hands of hobbyists and professionals .  an arduino circuit board will go on display at moma in new york in 201 .
 sachin tendulkar : tearful farewell of india 's 'little master ' <sec> new : sachin tendulkar makes tearful farewell to cricket saturday .  the legendary indian batsman is one of the greatest cricketers of all time .  an icon in india , his net worth is estimated to be in the region of $ 160 million .  tendulkar was playing his 200th test match as india beat west indie .
 statin labels will come with new safety warnings <sec> nearly 32 million americans take statins , a cholesterol drug .  labels will warn of hyperglycemia , increased blood sugar , risk of type 2 diabetes .  the drugs may also cause memory loss and confusio .
 can micro-homes solve london 's housing crisis ? <sec> uk capital needs to build 49,000 new homes a year to keep up with city 's rising population .  some suggest micro-homes can offer affordable housing solution for many in cit .
 newark terminal locked down ; search continues for man <sec> tsa : man walks through wrong side of checkpoint exit .  police seek the individual , who walked from the public side to the sterile side .  no flights allowed to leave from terminal c sunday evening .  incident causes arrival delays and mainly affected continental airline .
 skateboard legend jay adams dies of heart attack <sec> jay adams co-founded the seminal california skate crew z-boys .  he was known as `` the original seed '' .  adams died of a heart attack at 5 .
 world sport 's decade dominators <sec> the cnn world sport team have had their vote -- now it is time to have yours ! .  as the decade draws to a close , who would you choose as the best sports people from the last 10 years ? .  tiger woods , roger federer and michael phelps make the top three respectively as chosen by the world sport tea .
 afghanistan car bomb kills more than 40 <sec> new : more than 40 killed in paktika market attack .  new : the u.n. says it 's the single worst attack this year in afghanistan .  the device was detonated by a suicide bomber , a police official says .  afghanistan continues to face major security challenge .
 americans battling ebola fueled by faith <sec> nancy writebol and dr. kent brantly contracted ebola while helping others in liberia .  both were flown home to the u.s. and are being treated at emory university hospital .  nancy writebol 's husband says she 's not yet in the clear but `` in very good hands '' .  kent brantly says his `` focus ... remains the same -- to follow god .
 britain hails 'success ' of anti-taliban push <sec> major fighting in operation panther 's claw over , british military says .  operation aimed at clearing taliban from southern afghanistan 's helmand .  at least 20 british troops have been killed in past mont .
 bradley : 85m praying for egypt 's soccer mission <sec> egypt fans allowed to attend world cup qualifier against zimbabwe in alexandria .  previous home match was played behind closed doors due to security fears .  `` pharaohs '' seeking to qualify for world cup finals for first time since 1990 .  guinea 's 0-0 draw with mozambique gives bob bradley 's team to extend lea .
 'top chef ' winner richard blais : i lost 60 pounds <sec> richard blais used to weigh 225 pounds ; now he 's at 165 .  blais won `` top chef : all-stars '' and operates two restaurants in atlanta .  blais credits his weight loss to his wife , who is a former personal traine .
 timeline emerges in joan rivers ' death <sec> new york firefighters responded to 911 call from clinic where joan rivers was treated .  they found cpr efforts already under way .  at least 10 rescue workers tried to help , including ambulance team from mount sinai hospita .
