 eric holder 's legacy : security , civil rights - cnnpolitics.com <sec> eric holder served as attorney general for six years .  critics are happy to see him go , say he disregarded constitution .  supporters say he advanced civil right .
 william and catherine warn paparazzi to back off prince george <sec> two photographers have been following prince george and his nanny in parks , palace says .  they 've been sent a letter asking them to stop by lawyers for william and catherine .  they want their 14-month-old son to have `` as normal a childhood as possible '' .  catherine is expecting their second child and has again suffered acute morning sicknes .
 awaiting ruling , madonna meets with adopted son 's dad <sec> david banda reunited with dad for first time since his adoption .  publicist confirms singer 's application to adopt mercy james .  judge will rule on whether adoption can go forward frida .
 ozone hole grows in 2008 <sec> 2008 ozone hole larger than in 2007 , european space agency says .  it covers area of about 27 million square kilometers .  ozone layer acts as a sunlight filter , shielding earth from some ultraviolet ray .
 sony releases surprise nsync album ; nsync is surprised <sec> sony released a double nsync album .  it contains classics and rare material .  the group says they did n't know it was comin .
 analysis : why is elizabeth dole vulnerable ? <sec> elizabeth dole , once considered a lock for re-election , now seen as likely to lose .  dole seemed not to appreciate threat she faced in senate campaign , writers say .  barack obama 's good run in state means less of a bump for dole .  republican senator in maine worked harder to combat her vulnerability , writers sa .
 quest versus dos santos : can davos make a difference to inequality ? <sec> cnn anchors richard quest and nina dos santos disagree as to whether davos can make a difference to inequality .  quest argues this meeting of power players is the best forum to make big decisions about global issues .  dos santos argues it is ironic this is where the super-rich are gathering -- and wonders if they will create change .  do you believe davos can make a difference to global inequality ? .  tell us in the comment .
 southern california protesters await more migrants <sec> murrieta mayor calls parts of earlier protest `` unfortunate '' and `` deplorable '' .  `` world has never been able to see how compassionate our community is , '' he adds .  residents fear officials would dump migrants in community , mayor says .  police stand between the two factions of demonstrators to stop shovin .
 victims fall to superstorm 's wrath <sec> new : angela dresch , 13 , was among the storm 's first victims on staten island .  sandy leaves at least 165 dead , including more than 95 in the u.s . .  other victims include teen friends , a firefighter and off-duty police officer .  `` when mother nature sends her wrath your way , we 're at her mercy , '' atlantic city mayor say .
 father of dragging victim wants 'a lesson ' for south african officers involved <sec> new : nine police officers are facing murder charges .  `` what the cops did was not justice , it was a crime , '' victim 's father says .  the video was captured by cell phone in daveyton , near johannesburg .  the victim , a mozambican taxi driver , died in police custody hours after the inciden .
 cnn student news - january 6 , 2015 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 biden vows recommendations by tuesday on curbing gun violence <sec> white house task force meeting was disappointing , the nra says .  movies do n't cause violence , the former head of movie industry group tells cnn .  many groups are pushing for universal background checks , vice president joe biden says .  many also support taking action on high-capacity magazines , he say .
 cosplay at comic-con : who wore it best ? <sec> san diego comic-con is a haven for cosplayers .  some characters have emerged as favorites for cosplayers over the years .  share your sdcc 2014 cosplay photo .
 hollywood 's worst honored with razzie award nominations <sec> razzie award nominees include johnny depp , adam sandler , `` movie 43 '' .  sylvester stallone received 31st razzie nomination .  tyler perry and larry the cable guy up for `` worst screen combo '' .  razzies honor the worst of hollywoo .
 egypt 's first lady of jewelry <sec> azza fahmy is egypt 's preeminent jewelry designer .  she collaborated with fashion designer , julien macdonald on his a/w '08 collection .  international exposure has increased sales in the lucrative middle east markets .  azza fahmy on the competitive luxury industry : `` like any business , it 's not joke .
 african-americans in paris : 'it 's always been about freedom for us ' <sec> tour companies highlight the welcome many african-americans found in paris .  black artists , musicians and writers flocked to paris to find greater freedom of expression .  tours go to many vibrant paris neighborhoods to retrace the steps of notable resident .
 anti-muslim slant by american media giants reaps criticism <sec> fox news and the new york times come under fire for ethnic slant .  a reporter kept asking author reza aslan how a muslim can write a book about jesus .  columnist : anthony weiner 's wife stands by him because she 's from saudi arabia .  aslan has studied jesus for 20 years and calls him his `` hero .
 hillsborough : 'the crowd cheered as the lad showed signs of life ' <sec> 96 liverpool fans died as a result of the hillsborough disaster on april 15 , 1989 .  fans were crushed against stadium fencing during an fa cup semifinal .  liverpool fans say there are still unanswered questions regarding the disaster .  current liverpool captain steven gerrard lost a family member in the traged .
 oklahoma tornado claims sixth victim <sec> new : death toll rises to six in woodward , oklahoma .  authorities from texas to minnesota are assessing storm damage .  in oklahoma , residents are preparing to bury the only known storm casualties .  tornado warnings are lifted , though forecasters warn strong thunderstorms are still likel .
 anna nicole smith 's former lawyer files suit over book <sec> howard k. stern 's lawsuit seeks $ 60 million in damages .  suit : book falsely accuses stern of involvement in deaths of smith and her son .  attempts by cnn to reach the book 's author and publisher were unsuccessfu .
 manhunt for hundreds of indonesian prison escapees <sec> more than 200 inmates escaped from indonesian prison following deadly riot .  at least five people dead , including two guards and three prisoners .  angry prisoners burned part of prison , held guards hostage after water cut off .  police searching for potentially hundreds of inmates still on loos .
 is angelina jolie ready to quit acting ? <sec> angelina jolie seemed to say that she was quitting acting in an interview .  in reality , she was saying that she plans to move away from acting eventually .  next up for her is a role in `` by the sea '' with husband brad pit .
 this tree could power your electric car <sec> a french company has designed an energy generator that looks like a tree .  the `` leaves '' are mini turbines and together could power 15 streetlight .
 choice autism treatment offers benefits , has limits <sec> applied behavior analysis is a rigorous empirical method to teach behaviors .  autism speaks has endorsed bills in 25 states to make insurance cover aba .  research : 60 percent of high-functioning kids can lose autism diagnosis with aba .  five-year medical costs for children with autism , on average , about $ 35,00 .
 shell to pay $ 15.5 million to settle nigeria claims <sec> executed environmental activist 's family sued oil company .  about half of settlement will go to help people of ogoni region .  residents have long complained that shell was polluting lan .
 judge again blocks parts of tough alabama immigration law <sec> the measure ca n't be enforced until a hearing on larger issues .  the supreme court may end up taking the case .  the judge allows the state to check the immigration status of public school students .  a judge blocks a ban on illegal aliens ' looking for wor .
 gulf workers find message in a bottle from grieving soldier 's family <sec> gulf oil cleanup crew finds four letters in a bottle .  the letters were written by relatives of a welsh soldier slain in afghanistan .  they put the bottle in the atlantic ocean at barbado .
 netanyahu the vulnerable ( opinion ) <sec> natan sachs : benjamin netanyahu more vulnerable than he seems .  poll to come after netanyahu fired two ministers .  growing concerns over security could hurt pm at poll : sach .
 london guide : essentials for executive travelers <sec> using a car service instead of public transport can cut travel time between heathrow and city center in half .  hotels offering top views include claridge 's , ham yard hotel and the new shangri-la at the shard .  top london neighborhoods to explore include covent garden , bloomsbury and notting hil .
 how the world shares its secrets <sec> frank warren started a website that collects secrets mailed to him on postcards .  he says the site is the most popular ad-free blog .  when secrets are shared publicly , they can help unite people , he says . .  warren : the site has received half a million secrets since its founding in 200 .
 court overturns marine 's iraq murder conviction <sec> sgt . .  lawrence hutchins iii was sentenced to 15 years for the slaying .  he was convicted of killing a 52-year-old iraqi in 2006 .  a military court said hutchins erroneously was questioned after he asked for a lawye .
 jordanian pilot shown in isis ' propaganda magazine <sec> isis has published what it claims is an `` interview '' with a jordanian pilot captured in syria .  isis says it downed an f-16 manned by moaz al-kassasbeh during coalition air strikes .  a still image of al-kassasbeh wearing an orange jumpsuit tops the short article .  the magazine also contains an article claimed to have been authored by briton john cantli .
 philippines typhoon aftermath : religion as solace <sec> the day after the typhoon , father edwin bacaltos ' task was to bless the dead .  religion is offering some solace for those who have suffered losses .  the missionary has provided food and shelter to more than 300 families .  god had perhaps decided to punish tacloban , says father bacalto .
 faa to allow pilots to fly while on antidepressants <sec> faa cites safety concerns , says policy applies to pilots with mild to moderate depression .  to fly while on antidepressants , pilots must have been treated for at least 12 months .  faa says policy will expose pilots who ignore depression or lie about medication use .  for 6 months , pilots who use antidepressants will be able to step forward without penaltie .
 director : super bowl halftime show will be creative , cold <sec> hamish hamilton has directed super bowl halftime shows , oscars , olympic ceremonies .  he says technology is crucial but can distract from performances .  last year 's super bowl blackout was not caused by halftime show , hamilton says .  he says the extreme weather possibility this year is a concern but also `` exciting .
 f1 : hamilton smashes rivals in australian qualifying <sec> world champion lewis hamilton will start opening race of 2015 on pole position .  hamilton significantly quicker than mercedes teammate in melbourn .
 netflix might lose 'doctor who ' and other british shows <sec> the contract between netflix and bbc is reportedly ending .  `` luther , '' `` little britain , '' other shows would disappear after january 31 .  there 's an online petition to save `` doctor who .
 did oscar pistorius have time to think ? <sec> new : oscar pistorius was shooting to kill , the prosecution argues at his murder trial .  pistorius ' defense team highlights his disability and vulnerabilities .  the athlete is accused of deliberately shooting his girlfriend , reeva steenkamp .  he says he shot steenkamp accidentally in his bathroom , mistaking her for an intrude .
 911 calls show fear , chaos during mall shooting <sec> `` i 'm hiding in a clothes rack , '' a caller says .  a rapid burst of gunshots can be heard in another call before the line goes dead .  robert hawkins killed six employees and two customers before taking his own life .  `` i see him laying by the gun , '' a woman tells the dispatche .
 cnn student news transcript - october 28 , 2011 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 on drone killings , brennan does n't uphold our values <sec> mary ellen o'connell : torture , renditions used during john brennan 's bush era cia tenure .  at obama white house he backed something worse , she says : targeted drone killings .  she says both justice dept . .  's misrepresented both practices , tried to keep legality obscure .  writer : for cia chief , u.s. needs someone who upholds nation 's values . .  brennan has no .
 movie director singleton kills pedestrian in accident <sec> john singleton 's vehicle strikes woman , 57 , who stepped into street .  singleton sober , not charged , allowed to leave after questioning .  director nominated for two oscars for `` boyz n the hood .
 massachusetts teen philip chism indicted for murder of teacher <sec> philip chism indicted on murder , other charges in the killing of teacher colleen ritzer .  prosecutor says indictments detail `` horrific and unspeakable acts '' .  defense lawyer declines to comment on actio .
 fbi finds `` very low concentrations '' of ricin on letters <sec> ricin was found on letters sent to president , new york mayor , gun control group .  in a separate incident , ricin is also found on letter to military base .  fbi seeks letter sent to the ci .
 new air jordans still incite shopper violence 9 years after player 's retirement <sec> police officers are injured ; some are forced to use pepper spray .  some stores are shut down because of unruly crowds .  the $ 180 air jordan retro xi is a remake of a 1996 versio .
 dismal france eliminated from world cup <sec> france beaten 2-1 by hosts south africa in bloemfontein .  france leave out captain patrice evra for final group match .  france coach domenech describes players ' strike as `` unspeakably stupid '' .  uruguay , mexico advance to knockout stage .
 4 suspected islamic militants set to go on trial in spain <sec> prosecutor says the four aided fugitives from the 2004 madrid train bombing .  he is seeking sentences of eight to 13 years in prison .  the madrid train bombing killed 191 peopl .
 police : we got a text about a drug deal -- from the dealer <sec> lt. eric danielson said a very interesting text came to his 10-year-old son last week .  the text was about a possible marijuana deal , danielson said .  danielson said he played along with the mistake and set up a sting .  nicholas delear jr. , 33 , of sussex , new jersey , faces several drug-related charge .
 congressional action on voting rights may be a dream deferred for some <sec> supreme court struck down a key part of voting rights act ; left it to congress to address gap .  there 's little political incentive for a republican-controlled house to change law .  many southern states moving forward with voting laws some see as onerous for minorities .  experts say it may take a trend in discrimination in major elections to urge congress to ac .
 mexican soap actress tearfully denies 'sham marriage ' <sec> fernanda romero testifies in her own defense tuesday .  the actress tells jurors her marriage was not fake .  closing arguments are set for wednesday .  romero is charged with paying a pizza delivery man to marry he .
 liverpool to stay at 'spiritual home ' of anfield as stadium plans revealed <sec> liverpool to stay at their historic anfield ground .  new project will see stadium capacity increased to 60,000 .  10-year-old plans for a new stadium at stanley park shelved .  club shares same owners as boston red sox baseball tea .
 ann romney blasts democrat for sexist slur <sec> ann romney is slamming a slur uttered by a democratic candidate for south carolina governor .  romney to cnn : `` it hit me right in my gut : .  romney did n't say whether her husband would run for president agai .
 why u.s. ca n't find osama bin laden <sec> u.s. spends billions on an enormous intelligence bureaucracy , says peter bergen .  he says nearly a decade after 9/11 , u.s. ca n't locate osama bin laden .  american intelligence agencies are n't positioned to infiltrate militant groups , he says .  bergen : `` budgets should be cut if the cia ca n't provide proof that it is penetrating al-qaeda .
 obama ok with different quarantine policies for military , health workers <sec> obama criticized governors who are imposing quarantines for health workers .  but he said the military , which has imposed similar quarantines , is 'a different situation ' .  new jersey gov . .  chris christie questioned the difference tuesda .
 ex-edwards ' aide tells of politician 's affair <sec> andrew young writes he arranged rendezvous for john edwards , rielle hunter .  edwards denied he fathered a child with hunter for more than a year .  john edwards , elizabeth edwards have separated , contest accounts in the book .  federal grand jury investigating payments made to hunte .
 the lonely death of diego mendieta : football 's forgotten man <sec> paraguayan footballer dies at the age of 32 in an indonesian hospital .  diego mendieta was owed $ 12,500 in wages , unable to pay for medical treatment .  mayor of solo to pay player 's hospital bills after his death .  his plight highlights a schism in indonesian footbal .
 do powerful women need to tame their unsightly bulges ? <sec> british pop star adele wore four pairs of spanx at the grammys .  orit avishai : girdle-like garments were symbols of oppressive beauty standards .  she says embracing shapewear gives women an impoverished sense of empowerment .  avishai : we can blame ourselves for supporting the very object that constrains u .
 athletics denies mass doping cover up <sec> athletics hit by new allegations .  german documentary makes claims over suspicious blood samples .  accusations made by former member of iaaf 's medical commission .  anonymous whistle-blower says 150 blood samples were suspiciou .
 south korea cracking down on operator in sewol ferry disaster <sec> the government is moving to revoke the ferry operator 's business licenses .  cheonghaejin marine company operated the ferry that sank last month off the south korean coast .  authorities have arrested the company 's chief executive ; he faces charges including causing death by negligence .  searchers have recovered 269 bodies from the sunken ferry ; another 35 people remain missin .
 snowden rumors temporarily ground bolivian president 's plane in europe <sec> new : crowds of supporters await morales ' return to bolivia .  brazil 's president says she is outraged , european countries ' behavior `` unacceptable '' .  the plane leaves austria after officials check it and say edward snowden is n't on board .  bolivia says france denied the plane entry into its airspace , but france says it did no .
 christmas attacks show security challenges in iraq and afghanistan <sec> u.s. embassy condemns `` senseless targeting '' of christians and other iraqis .  in iraq , a car bomb explodes outside a church after christmas services ; another targets market .  taliban claim responsibility for the embassy attack in kabul , afghanistan .  many christians have fled iraq over the past decade , report say .
 novak djokovic , rafael nadal get free passes into miami masters final <sec> novak djokovic advances to the final of the miami masters without playing .  djokovic goes through after kei nishikori pulls out with a groin injury .  it 's the second time this tournament djokovic benefits from a walkover .  rafael nadal also progresses after an ill tomas berdych pulls ou .
 commuters join celebrities for grand central 's 100th birthday <sec> historic building feted as a new york original .  jacqueline kennedy onassis praised for saving the architectural masterpiece .  `` grand central is everything that new york is , '' said actress cynthia nixo .
 marvel 's newest superhero is a muslim-american teen <sec> ms. marvel , aka kamala khan , is a muslim-american teen from new jersey .  she uses her powers to become like her idol , captain marvel .  it 's `` a tale about what it means to be young , lost amidst the expectations , '' editor says .  the series `` stemmed out of a desire to explore the muslim-american diaspora .
