 analysis : a new cold war -- or more hot air ? <sec> russian president signs order recognizing independence of georgian territories .  west opposes the decision , says that it impinges on georgian international borders .  overshadowing the issue is the west 's recognition of kosovo independence .  analysis : the worst the west could do is to utter threats it does not follow throug .
 two great white sharks tagged off massachusetts coast <sec> taggings of great whites are the first in the atlantic ocean , state officials say .  beaches in chatham , massachusetts , closed after shark sightings .  great white sharks are relatively rare in new england , state officials say .  tags will let scientists track the two shark .
 chicago synagogues warned to watch for suspicious packages <sec> new : chicago jewish leaders are continuing with plans for friday evening services .  president obama says 2 suspicious packages were bound for chicago synagogues .  anti-defamation league urges all u.s. synagogues to increase mailroom security .  the jewish federation of metropolitan chicago was warned friday mornin .
 remote warfare ushers new kind of stress <sec> robotic warfare allows pilots to control armed vehicles without risk to themselves .  military experts are now looking at the psychological impact this may have on pilots .  pilots now transition from battlefield to home environment in less than an hour .  some pilots welcome operating from the u.s. rather than being deployed oversea .
 3 french hostages freed in nigeria <sec> french foreign minister bernard kouchner greets the news with `` great joy '' .  they were kidnapped september 22 while working for an oil services company .  it is not clear who kidnapped them , but a rebel group said it found the .
 republicans grill acting irs chief over targeting probe <sec> irs chief : no evidence that liberal groups scrutinized like conservative groups .  committee chairman camp says the irs response lacks sufficient accountability .  irs acting leader werfel issued a report on the matter this week .  the irs targeting included conservative and liberal group .
 sergio garcia pitches in with help for hometown football club <sec> golfer sergio garcia is president of his hometown football club .  world no . .  10 has helped cf borriol to nurture young talent with academy .  garcia occasionally plays for the spanish third division tea .
 experts clash at cnn/youtube climate change debate <sec> cnn/youtube climate change debate links thousands of web users .  distinguished panel of guests includes former u.n. secretary general kofi annan .  debate also showcased winners of the raise your voice video competitio .
 is now the time to visit russia ? <sec> forecasts indicate russia 's tourism industry is on track for a tough year .  tension in eastern ukraine and annexation of crimea have hit ruble , making it a cheaper time to visit .  china is now russia 's largest and fastest-growing international inbound marke .
 no doubt is planning to have some fun <sec> no doubt is back together -- but do n't call it a reunion .  band had taken break while having families , gwen stefani making solo records .  stefani plans to have fun ; tour is a way of getting recharge .
 killing puts focus on crimes against latinos <sec> small town stunned by death of mexican immigrant after fight with white teens .  fiancèe : `` truly , in my heart , i believe they beat him up because he was latino '' .  `` hate is part of our culture , '' expert says .  watch cnn presents `` latino in america '' tonight at 9 et on cnn t .
 retired generals : be afraid of isis <sec> authors warn president obama must be clear about radical islam threat .  al qaeda still a looming threat , they sa .
 justices debate rights of beachfront land owners <sec> the u.s. supreme court held a one-hour public session wednesday on shoreline rights .  florida says that when it put new sand on eroding shorelines , that land became state 's .  private landowners , however , say their property lines have always extended to the ocea .
 boats hit bridges as rome escapes floods <sec> flood waters subside in rome .  italy has been hit by a wave of bad weather that has claimed two lives .  one woman died near rome when her car was submerged by a wave of water .  body of a second victim was found in calabria region after a bridge collapse .
 pope calls for end to syria bloodshed in easter message <sec> new : tim tebow tells texas worshippers having faith in god gives him peace , joy .  new : 25 die in a blast near a christian church in nigeria , an official says .  pope benedict xvi mentions syria and african nations in his easter message .  an analyst says syrian christians might be more fearful of celebrating openly this yea .
 assistant coach who reported penn state incident threatened , wo n't be at game <sec> new : assistant coach who reported one incident wo n't be at saturday 's game .  sandusky tried in court of public opinion , his lawyer tells cnn .  trustees dismiss president and remove joe paterno as head coach .  interim coach says , `` we all have a responsibility to take care of our children .
 al qaeda : weapons expert among dead 'heroes ' <sec> statement provides few details , is signed by al qaeda leader in afghanistan .  statement : weapons expert `` left behind him a generation who will seek revenge '' .  pakistani pm said if u.s. conducted airstrike , it violated pakistani sovereignty .  reports that al qaeda weapons expert was killed in 2006 proved erroneou .
 9/11 museum admission fee plan angers some victims ' families <sec> national september 11 memorial museum will charge admission .  the admission charge will range from $ 20 to $ 25 , memorial spokesman says .  the fee `` is taking advantage of tourists , '' victims families ' advocate says .  if the fee is necessary , `` they need to do it , '' surviving husband say .
 terror grips besieged city <sec> rebels and civilians holed up in the besieged syrian city are dying under a relentless barrage of rocket fire .  activist : they are going to kill us all and if you do n't help us , they 'll kill millions .  homs is at the heart of an anti-government uprising and now feeling the full force of its retaliation .  videos show bodies pulled from the rubble of an attack and loaded onto flatbed truck .
 accused champion semenya not a gender cheat , says manager <sec> new : caster semenya receives gold medal in ceremony thursday .  south african athletics officials rally behind controversial new women 's star .  semenya scored runaway victory in women 's 800 meters title race .  she ran in the final after ruling body asked for gender test on the teenager .  the 18-year-old 's father also insists that she is femal .
 fun trivia about deodorant <sec> anthropologist : predators avoided early humans because body odor too rank .  egyptians were first to popularize applying scents to armpits .  offensive body odor is actually illegal in one u.s. city 's libraries .  actor matthew mcconaughey reportedly does n't wear deodoran .
 swedish capital hit by fifth night of riots <sec> swedish capital , stockholm , rocked by a fifth night of riots .  two schools and a police station attacked and set on fire , 30 cars torched .  police call in reinforcements from neighboring districts to help deal with violence .  tensions high since police shot dead a 69-year-old man armed with a machet .
 'men in black 3 ' star josh brolin talks about playing a young tommy lee jones <sec> josh brolin talks about playing a younger tommy lee jones in `` mib3 '' .  `` that was the toughest thing i 'll ever do , '' brolin tells ew .  `` the ambiance that tommy creates on a set is just unparalleled , '' brolin say .
 russia train blast is 'terrorism ' <sec> russian prosecutors launch terrorism investigation into train derailment .  homemade bomb caused accident , prosecutor says .  overnight express train headed from moscow to st. petersburg .  60 passengers and train crew injured , of which 38 hospitalize .
 davids impressed by south african set-up <sec> davids believes south africa can make a good job of hosting the world cup this year .  dutch football legend tells cnn he was impressed by south africa during a visit last year .  davids says african teams have outside chance of making it to the final and winning .  he has spent the past two years focusing on his street soccer project .
 should the u.s. lower its drinking age ? <sec> thursday is 30th anniversary of bill that effectively raised u.s. drinking age to 21 .  proponents say higher drinking age reduces alcohol-related accidents .  opponents say it creates a `` forbidden fruit '' syndrome that leads to binge drinkin .
 opinion : james garner : 'like , zen , man ' <sec> gene seymour : james garner won a devoted following playing the coolly principled coward .  he was noted for `` rockford files '' and `` maverick , '' in which he played reluctant do-gooder .  seymour : his movies uneven , but `` the americanization of emily '' was a perfect fit .  seymour : garner 's persona was not oscar bait , but audiences loved hi .
 at & t outlines plans for 4g network , phones <sec> at & t announces detailed plans for its faster , fourth-generation network at ces .  at & t has begun upgrading its network to a protocol faster than today 's 3g .  the carrier plans to begin rolling out advanced technology called long-term evolutio .
 how safe is that bridge you 're driving over ? <sec> after collapse of washington state 's interstate 5 bridge , should drivers worry ? .  no , says top u.s. bridge engineer , but they should be `` wary '' .  all bridges must be inspected every two years ; new technology offers extra protection .  president obama takes action to speed up bridge improvement .
 liquid condoms to flying syringes : ideas to save lives <sec> the gates foundation has pledged $ 100 million towards health research .  the latest round of research grant applications has just been opened .  one project receiving funding is working to develop flu-resistant chicken .
 missile defense system passes test , u.s. agency says <sec> ship-based system shoots down dummy missile from hundreds of miles away .  aegis ballistic missile defense has 19 successful tests in 23 tries , agency says .  more than 80 u.s. navy ships eventually will be equipped with syste .
 china tries to stop spread of hiv/aids among prostitutes <sec> some people in china believe injections or a pill can prevent infection .  some 700,000 people have hiv in china ; about 50,000 new infections yearly .  about one in 200 sex workers nationwide currently has hiv .  as china 's economy has boomed , so has the sex industr .
 back to school with bipolar ? how college can unleash mania <sec> students with bipolar disorder are even more vulnerable in college .  the national alliance on mental illness support group helps students worldwide .  academic pressures , social concerns , and sleep disruptions can lead to depressio .
 bhutto said she 'd blame musharraf if killed <sec> bhutto wrote e-mail on october 26 , eight days after deadly suicide bombing .  before returning to pakistan , bhutto told cnn she was aware of threats .  lack of security worried bhutto upon her arrival in karachi , adviser siegel says .  bhutto was concerned problem was worsening as elections neared , siegel say .
 40 years on , walt disney world endures <sec> fans headed to orlando this weekend to celebrate theme park resort 's 40th birthday .  `` the disney parks are unlike anything else on the planet , '' hard-core fan says .  other repeat visitors recall escapism , family fun and favorite memorie .
 the future of energy : 'it ca n't be business as usual ' <sec> president nasheed of maldives wants more help and action in coping with climate change .  puma 's ceo thinks businesses should lead in drive towards renewable energy .  james cameron believes climate skepticism is still a great problem .  earth 's frontiers debate took place in seoul , south kore .
 u.s. increases aid to jordan <sec> u.s. increases aid to jordan by 48 percent , says shows `` bipartisan support '' .  close ties between u.s. , jordan evidenced in 2000 with first u.s.-arab fta .  bassem awadallah is chief of the royal hashemite court in jordan .  awadallah : `` you are going to see a real financial power in the gulf countries .
 a busy santorum courts republican establishment <sec> former pennsylvania gop sen. rick santorum ran for the nomination in 2012 ; might run again .  santorum is very much keeping his name in the 2016 mix by visiting critical early primary states .  this time around he 's making early connections with establishment leaders in the early states .  santorum recently packed a lot of activity into a 36-hour visit to south carolin .
 red bull set new f1 pit stop record in texas <sec> formula one 's dominant team set a new fastest pit stop with time of 1.923 seconds .  mark webber 's pit crew beat time of 2.05 seconds set at malaysian grand prix in april .  red bull dominated u.s. grand prix with sebastian vettel taking his eighth straight wi .
 serbia , albania game abandoned after drone sparks brawl <sec> brother of albanian pm was arrested after the brawl , serbian pm 's office says .  serbia 's game against albania in belgrade was canceled after 42 minutes .  a drone flew over the stadium carrying a flag with albanian symbols .  both sets of players involved in brawl before game abandoned ; uefa is investigatin .
 house dems proving a tough sell for obama on syria - cnnpolitics.com <sec> many in president 's own party in house undecided or skeptical of syria military action .  anti-war liberals present especially tough challenge for administration in lobbying effort .  senate committee action , support from leadership not a lock to bring in more 'aye ' votes .  congress remains on recess until next week ; white house reaching out with briefing .
 chakvetadze returns to wta circuit after flirtation with politics <sec> anna chakvetadze returns to wta action in hobart in january .  former world no.5 collapsed on court while playing caroline wozniacki in dubai .  chakvetadze made unsuccessful bid to win election to russia 's duma .  alex corretja named captain of spain 's davis cup tea .
 man behind gsa 's lavish las vegas conference gone from federal agency <sec> jeff neely organized a gsa conference in las vegas that cost $ 800,000 .  he was implicated in a report by the agency 's inspector general and put on leave .  a gsa spokesman says he 's no longer with the agency , but does n't give details .  a house republican says he wants a law making federal employees answer to congres .
 opinion : how youth led change in public attitudes on same-sex marriage <sec> yoruba richen : attitude toward same-sex marriage and the gay community has evolved .  she says youth have been key in changing the perception of gay rights .  their efforts and work behind the scenes have allowed a new understanding , she say .
 aid workers detained in myanmar , u.n. says <sec> new : doctors without borders says five of its staff members are being detained .  authorities in myanmar 's rakhine state are holding aid workers for `` questioning '' .  the united nations is waiting for a formal response from the government on the matter .  scores of people have died from violence between muslims and buddhists in rakhin .
 malaysia airlines flight 370 : relatives wait on news <sec> relatives of mh370 passengers are anxious to hear news of loved ones .  martial arts star ju kun was among those on board the flight .  tributes and messages of support are being shared online .  communities hold vigils to pray for the missin .
 oscar pistorius : bloody photos of scene of killing leaked <sec> photos of crime scene in pistorius ' house emerge for first time .  photos show bloody bathroom where sprinter shot girlfriend reeva steenkamp .  other photos show trail of blood , apparent valentine 's day gift for pistorius .  pistorius charged with murdering steenkamp on february 14 ; has court hearing tuesda .
 army sets out to buy three new camouflage patterns <sec> `` universal '' pattern is not conducive to the varied terrain of afghanistan .  army officials are looking for a family of patterns that can work in any environment .  bids for the project have been submitted and will be put to the test .  a recommendation is expected by september 201 .
 woman , 98 , indicted in death of 100-year-old nursing-home roommate <sec> prosecutors say laura lundquist , 98 , strangled elizabeth barrow , 100 .  the two allegedly argued about a table lundquist had placed at the foot of barrow 's bed .  nursing home spokesman : barrow declined offers to change rooms or roommates .  spokesman : the two women were like `` sisters , '' took daily walks togethe .
 j-league to resume action on april 23 <sec> the japanese j-league will resume its football fixture list on april 23 .  all football has been suspended since the earthquake and tsunami that hit japan .  electricity shortages mean that fixtures will be played during the afternoon .  russia bid to stage the world figure skating championships after japan pulled ou .
 who 's behind 'religious freedom ' push ? the answer is hard to find <sec> arizona 's governor vetoes a `` religious freedom '' bill that critics ripped as anti-gay .  it 's one of several such initiatives that have been floated in at least 14 states .  federal , state disclosure laws make it difficult to determine who 's behind this pus .
 lawmaker 's filibuster to kill texas abortion bill ends early - cnnpolitics.com <sec> sen. wendy davis said to have digressed .  davis would have had to hold the floor until midnight .  `` blind partisanship and personal political ambition '' drive the bill , she says .  critics say the law would shut most of the state 's abortion clinic .
 judge rebukes uk 's david cameron over remarks on nigella lawson case <sec> elisabetta grillo describes signs of cocaine use but says she did n't see lawson take drugs .  judge says it is `` of regret '' a public official commented on a witness in an ongoing case .  david cameron made remarks on lawson in a magazine interview .  francesca and elisabetta grillo deny embezzling large sums of mone .
 india 's president expresses condolences for cyclone victims <sec> pratibha devisingh patil offers condolences to `` bereaved families '' of 27 killed by storm .  she also wishes a `` speedy recovery '' to those injured by cyclone thane .  electrocution was to blame for some of the deaths , an official sai .
 airlines stop swine flu victims flying <sec> british airlines stop people with swine flu boarding flights .  around the world there have been 98,000 cases of swine flu in 120 countries .  with 29 deaths , britain has the worst swine flu figures in europe .  medical screening for virus has been introduced at many airport .
 hong kong police on high alert after china sex industry crackdown <sec> hong kong police plan to step up operations against vice operations .  the move follows a crackdown on prostitution across border in dongguan .  senior police fear vice may shift to hong kong in the wake of police raids .  the chinese government has indicated that a vice crackdown has gone nationwid .
 pirates attack u.s. cargo ship but fail to get aboard <sec> crewman e-mailed hours before attack that navy was monitoring the ship .  crewman e-mails , `` we are under attack by pirates , we are being hit by rockets '' .  four freighters seized in last two days .  greek 35,000-ton bulk carrier and lebanese-owned , togo-flagged both seize .
 this is the boogie down bronx <sec> go beyond yankee stadium and the zoo to explore the best of the bronx .  wave hill is an oasis of serenity in this densely populated borough .  head to wakefield for heady african and caribbean flavor .
 utah seeks to uphold same-sex marriage ban - cnnpolitics.com <sec> utah 's efforts to define the limits of civil marriage to be debated at appeals court .  a near unbroken string of legal wins gives marriage equality supporters encouragement .  appeals court will be first to confront the over-arching constitutional question .
 nfl cheerleaders : gratuitous sexism or all-american fun ? <sec> cheerleaders have been involved in the nfl since 1954 .  they were first introduced as part of the baltimore colts marching band .  the minnesota vikings are one of 26 nfl teams with cheerleading squads .  kaylee and missy have both been vikings cheerleaders for the last five year .
 5 things to look for in a personal trainer <sec> number of personal trainers in america could jump 24 % by 2020 .  patience is the key to a good client-trainer relationship .  trainers and clients should maintain close but professional relationships .  trainers should keep up to date with the latest fitness trends and health new .
 mother , nation struggle along with chinese toddler in hit-and-run video <sec> `` give mom another chance to love you , '' the unconscious child 's mother begs .  video showing child being ignored after grave injury rocks china .  one passerby says , `` nobody else dared to touch her , how did i ? '' .  the mother , qu feifei , wants to focus on the positiv .
 nadal faces federer in madrid rematch ; li reaches women 's semis <sec> defending champion rafael nadal through to semifinals of madrid masters .  spaniard will play world no . .  3 roger federer , who beat him in the 2009 final .  thomaz bellucci upsets czech seventh seed tomas berdych to also reach semis .  australian open finalist li na of china through to last four of women 's even .
 obama 's uncle arrested in massachusetts <sec> new : a source says the arrested man is not legally in the united states .  onyango obama is arrested for driving under the influence of alcohol .  the arrest occurred on wednesday .  the arrested man is the half-brother of the president 's fathe .
