 terrific reads of 2009 <sec> discover how two women were able to find beauty in the face of horror .  one woman with incredibly bad luck discovers possibility in india .  take a journey through africa 's desperate terrain and emerge with hop .
 unwrap the real point of gift giving <sec> author decides to buy three gifts under $ 40 for have-it-all people .  she picks carla bruni-sarkozy , brad pitt and ultracouple jay-z and beyoncé .  author and friends buy six child-size straw porkpie hats for pitt .  they also buy jay-z and beyonce matching slipper .
 white nationalists aim to take over tiny north dakota town <sec> leith , north dakota , is a town of a few dozen people , only one of whom is black .  paul craig cobb has been trying to turn it into a white nationalist community .  the town 's lone black resident and his wife feel threatened and uncertai .
 feds : alabama immigration law caused spike in hispanic student absences <sec> justice department 's civil rights chief sends letter to alabama 's superintendent .  he says hispanics ' absences , withdrawals soar due to the state 's immigration law .  some hispanic students report feeling unwelcome , singled out and bullied , he says .  proponents defend the law , saying alabama wo n't be a sanctuary for illegal immigrant .
 is this comic-con ? fans debate 'mainstream ' panels <sec> longtime fans of comic-con are n't impressed by non-genre panels .  some think the pop culture expansion of comic-con caters is counter to original purpose .  many comic-con visitors were upset that `` twilight '' fans created traffic jams last yea .
 teenage monk self-immolates in china <sec> 18-year-old tibetan monk set himself on fire in a monastery tuesday .  lobsan lobzin became the 44th tibetan to self-immolate since 2009 .  self-immolation have become common form of protest against beijin .
 yasser arafat 's tomb to be opened tuesday in death probe <sec> former plo leader yasser arafat will be exhumed tuesday .  forensic experts from three countries will take samples from his remains for testing .  `` this is necessary to reach the truth '' in arafat 's death , says investigator .  palestinian officials want to know if arafat was poisoned with a radioactive elemen .
 how to use cnn student news <sec> cnn student news is the day 's news for middle- and high-school students .  cnn student news airs daily on cnn headline news from 4:00-4:10 a.m. es .
 officials : arizona fugitives probably not in arkansas after all <sec> new : pair of robbers in arkansas are likely not arizona fugitives , local officials say .  new : shop owner in arkansas says robbers do n't fit description .  arizona fugitives `` extremely unpredictable '' in movements , marshals service says .  mccluskey may now have black hair , beard ; welch may be blon .
 virginia tech 'alive and well ' but not ready to forget <sec> student says she avoided being shot during massacre by playing dead .  no classes will be held in norris hall , where 29 of the victims were killed .  professor : `` i think that we 're very excited that classes are starting '' .  carbon monoxide leak leaves 23 sick but some students getting bette .
 officials : dutch prince severely injured in austrian avalanche <sec> doctors say he is stable but not out of danger .  the prince is the son of the dutch queen .  he was airlifted to a hospital in innsbruck .  he is in intensive car .
 nine athletes banned for doping offenses <sec> nine athletes banned for doping by the international association of athletics federations .  among them is ukrainian nataliya tobias , an olympic bronze medalist in the 1500m .  six of the nine athletes caught using the `` biological passport '' method of testing .  other three banned after further tests of samples from 2011 world championship .
 five trips for crime fiction lovers <sec> fans want to visit fictional baltimore detective tess monaghan 's favorite food haunts .  vermont brings to mind bucolic farms and mountains , not bodies floating in the rivers .  tours dedicated to fictional detective john rebus start at the character 's favorite pub .  the no . .  1 ladies ' detective agency tour includes a cup of precious ramotswe 's favorite te .
 man who allegedly threatened to kill congresswoman kept in jail <sec> feds : threats included an expletive-laden voicemail and an e-mail .  the subject of the e-mail was `` cutting off tulsi gabbard 's head , '' federal affidavit says .  gabbard represents a district in hawaii ; the suspect is a former resident of that stat .
 tim meadows : how could 'snl ' do bill brasky without me ? <sec> `` saturday night live '' alum tim meadows did n't seem happy to see sketch return without him .  the nbc series resurrected the bill brasky sketch on saturday .  will ferrell , david koechner and paul rudd took part in sketch .  meadows later said he understood it was a last-minute additio .
 long-lost u.s. son found after 35 years illegally crossing border <sec> david amaya was taken to mexico at age 2 by his estranged father .  his mother , kathy , searched for her son for 35 years , thinking he was lost forever .  but last month , the border patrol arrested david amaya illegally entering united states .  as it turns out , he is really a u.s. citizen , and agents finds his mother in wisconsi .
 can a bersani-monti coalition work for italian economy ? <sec> bersani wins he may be forced to form a coalition with incumbent pm mario monti .  center-left leader bersani says he plans to make the property tax `` more progressive '' .  berlusconi is using his showman charm to mount a comeback for his pdl part .
 wikileaks threat sparks massive review of diplomatic documents <sec> source : every diplomatic mission document issued from 2006-2009 is under review .  officials fear the information could harm u.s. relationships around the world , source says .  the lives of sources of information could be put in danger , the source say .
 ivanovic impresses on rome clay to dispatch kuznetsova <sec> ana ivanovic through to second round of italian open in rome .  former no.1 ivanovic beats svetlana kuznetsova in straight sets .  foro italico hosts star-studded joint atp/wta tournament .  novak djokovic and victoria azarenka head the respective field .
 american ebola patients released <sec> dr. kent brantly and nancy writebol have been discharged from an atlanta hospital .  doctors do n't know whether an experimental serum and a blood transfusion helped .  both contracted the deadly ebola virus in liberia .  brantly and writebol are the first known ebola patients to recover in the u.s .
 epic miniseries 'roots ' is getting a remake <sec> the a & e networks are remaking the blockbuster `` roots '' miniseries , to air in 2016 .  the epic 1977 miniseries about an african-american slave had 100 million viewer .
 survey : 70 % of teens hide online behavior from parents <sec> teens hiding online behavior from parents has risen from 45 % in 2010 , survey says .  the report was funded by mcafee , an online security company .  clearing browser history is the most common way teens hide activit .
 world failing to dent heroin trade , u.n. warns <sec> afghan heroin trade funds terrorism , insurgencies , u.n. report says .  12,000 tons of opium missing , probably stockpiled by taliban , gangs , u.n. says .  afghanistan is world 's largest producer of opium , from which heroin is made .  iran is by far largest consumer of afghan heroin , u.n. report say .
 gao audit finds federal reserve bank boards lack transparency <sec> a government audit shows apparent conflicts of interest on federal reserve banks boards .  the banks should more `` clearly document the roles '' of directors , the report says .  the report also criticizes the boards ' lack of diversit .
 no friends at the box office ? <sec> jennifer aniston 's `` bounty hunter '' performed just shy of expectations .  `` diary of a wimpy kid '' took the no . .  2 spot without any star power .  `` bounty '' received poor reviews ; aniston not proving to be a box office draw yet .  audiences seem more interested in a fresh concept with unknown .
 british open : rory mcilroy triumphs at hoylake <sec> rory mcilroy wins british open at hoylake .  mcilroy finishes two shots clear of sergio garcia and rickie fowler .  third major title for 25-year-old from northern ireland .  tiger woods records worst finish at british ope .
 should santa claus still be fat ? <sec> cdc : about 12.5 million children age 2 to 19 are obese in the united states .  kids learn healthy habits from those they admire most , and santa is a role model .  culture may already be changing with santa races , healthy gift .
 10 fierce fictional heroines <sec> pride and prejudice celebrates its 200th birthday this week .  the novel 's heroine elizabeth bennet is being recognized as one of fictions greatest heroines .  but who else makes your favorite fictional femme list ? .  tell us in the comments belo .
 springboks fail with botha ban appeal <sec> south africa lock bakkies botha out of final test against british and irish lions .  springboks fail in appeal against forward 's two-week ban for dangerous charge .  botha 's challenge on adam jones left lions prop with dislocated shoulder .  both teams make wholesale changes for third match , with series decide .
 u.s. general : security contractors use 'over-the-top ' tactics in iraq <sec> u.s. general says he 's seen private security contractors overreact .  defense secretary says he wants closer oversight of pentagon contractors in iraq .  iraqi officials upset after civilians killed by blackwater usa guards .  blackwater says its contractors were attacke .
 f1 : nico rosberg beats lewis hamilton to bahrain pole <sec> mercedes ' dominance continues as nico rosberg wins pole position in bahrain .  german heads off teammate lewis hamilton in saturday 's qualifying sessions .  red bull 's daniel ricciardio is third but will start sunday 's race in 13th place .  bahrain organizers celebrating 10th anniversary with race under lights for first tim .
 should the benham brothers have lost their show over their remarks ? <sec> jason and david benham say they are not upset at hgtv .  their complaint is with what they call a gay `` agenda '' .  cancellation of `` flip it forward '' fuels debate about effects of airing personal belief .
 suspect planned to re-create columbine massacre , police say <sec> police began investigating man 5 months ago after internet messages about columbine .  police tracked his efforts to acquire explosive materials via the internet .  suspect arrested wednesday as he received the materials at his home , police say .  in his personal diary , `` he showed a hatred for society , '' police sa .
 lance bass ' advice to jason collins <sec> lance bass says he gave nba player jason collins advice on coming out .  the singer opened up publicly about his sexuality in 2006 .  bass says he wished he 'd had more time to process how to handle the medi .
 washington mourns loss of veteran legislator <sec> remains of sen. robert byrd arrive at capitol .  byrd only the third u.s. senator to lie in repose in senate chamber since wwii .  joe biden and hillary clinton among dignitaries expected to pay respects .  byrd was longest-serving member of congress in histor .
 opinion : what may have happened to flight 370 ? <sec> robert goyer : flight 370 may be remembered as one of the biggest aviation mysteries .  goyer : presumed location of the plane wreckage rules out certain scenarios .  he says the best explanation is still a botched hijacking or failed pilot takeover of plane .  goyer : mechanical or electrical failure can not alone account for what we kno .
 fear , hatred , slaughter marks of heresy -- not god <sec> the attacks in france have pitted freedom of speech against respect for religious values , writes bishop john bryson chane .  bishop chane says those who bully , abuse and kill in the name of the abrahamic religions are neither religious nor faithful .  he says christians , muslims and jews should work together to end conflict and extremism by those hijacking god 's nam .
 judge gives newspaper romney testimony from old lawsuit <sec> the boston globe sought mitt romney 's testimony related to a colleague 's divorce .  the divorce involved staples co-founder tom stemberg , who worked with romney .  a gag order on stemberg 's ex-wife remains in place .  the divorce and ensuing lawsuit happened more than 20 years ag .
 stepmother of dismembered girl charged with bigamy <sec> the disabled girl 's remains were found after she went missing in north carolina .  they were found november 11 , just over a month after she was reported missing .  authorities say the stepmother married zahra 's father before divorcing her previous husban .
 yemen pours troops into battle with al qaeda <sec> new airstrikes kill 12 jihadists in abyan province , yemeni officials say .  government warplanes have been bombing al qaeda positions all week .  the raids will continue at least two more days , officials sa .
 fort hood killings 'incomprehensible , ' obama says <sec> `` grieve with us . .  do n't grieve for us , '' army chief of staff says .  fact that soldiers died on base `` makes the tragedy even more painful , '' obama says .  troops , military brass , congress members , texas governor also attend memorial .  remains of one victim greeted by honor guard on return to wisconsi .
 obama 's proposed homeland security budget sees slight increase <sec> agency would get $ 309 million more in discretionary funds .  airports would get 275 more full-body scanners .  all-time high number of border patrol , customs officers would be funded .  coast guard fleet would be modernize .
 k-9s raise alarm while looking for signs of missing arizona girl , 6 <sec> isabel mercedes celis , 6 , was reported missing saturday in tucson , arizona .  police call her disappearance suspicious , but no suspects have been named .  fbi k-9 dogs raise alarm , leading police to get a warrant to occupy the girl 's house .  a neighbor says community members are `` totally distraught '' and `` terrorized .
 opinion : gun control fight just beginning <sec> paul waldman : background check failure another shameful day for a cowardly congress .  senate undemocratic , he says ; small rural states have outsized power .  he says sen. chuck grassley spread lies to kill legislation .  waldman : this time , americans got to see power of nra-stoked paranoi .
 to boost memory , shut your eyes <sec> researchers in scotland asked study participants to remember details of two stories .  those who shut their eyes for 10 minutes in a dark room remember more than others .  memory boost lasted a full week after the study took plac .
 senate kills controversial 'conscience ' amendment <sec> the aclu hails the senate vote .  the measure would have allowed employers to opt out of some health care coverage .  sen. roy blunt defends his amendment as defending religious freedom .  opponents say it gives employers too much power to deny coverage for worker .
 spain sees growing corruption scandals involving key institutions <sec> latest scandal involves allegations of payments to popular party leaders .  december survey shows growing number of spaniards see corruption as a key problem .  another scandal is affecting spain 's royal household .  parties named in the scandals have said they 're innocent of the charges against the .
 orbit tower : olympic park 's red 'roller coaster ' <sec> orbit , designed by anish kapoor and cecil balmond , at heart of olympic park .  tower stands 114.5m tall , making it britain 's tallest sculpture .  structure is built from 2,000 tons of steel and covered in 19,000 liters of red paint .  flight of 455 steps lead to viewing platform offering views across londo .
 obama turns down rocky mountain high <sec> the president gets multiple offers of free pot .  there 's brew and billiards with the colorado governor .  he gets to fist bump with a gorilla .  and there 's a guy wearing a horse head mas .
 u.s. seeing more female homeless veterans <sec> va : percentage of homeless female veterans growing faster than male veterans .  female iraq war vet blames wartime trauma for her ptsd and near-homelessness .  unemployment among post-9/11 vets has nearly doubled , to 11.3 percent .  va secretary vows to end homelessness among vets in five year .
 paralympics sailor : 'my disability is a gift ' <sec> quadriplegic paul callahan will represent the u.s. in sailing at paralympics .  broke his neck in freak accident when he was a 21-year-old undergrad at harvard .  went on to graduate from business school and work on wall street for 15 years .  now ceo of sail to prevail , a sailing school for disabled childre .
 act powerful , be powerful <sec> amy cuddy : people who use expansive postures feel more powerful as a result .  she says posing with your arms extended , taking up more space , affects your physiology .  many who have tried `` power poses '' say it has helped them navigate life , she say .
 asean summit starts amid cloud of thai-cambodia border row <sec> indonesia chairs the summit this year .  the nation has been trying to mediate talks between thailand and cambodia .  the border row is a result of a dispute over the ancient preah vihear temple .  the indonesian president urges member nations to promote peac .
 obama : cuba policy to be based on 'libertad ' <sec> new : sen. obama says cuba policy will be based on liberty for cuban people .  new : democratic front-runner accuses sen. mccain of distorting position .  obama calls for looser restrictions on travel , fund transfers to cuba .  mccain argues for continuation of hard line policy against communist regim .
 second person dies after madonna stage collapse <sec> two people killed when stage being built for madonna concert collapses .  accident happened thursday afternoon in southern french city of marseille .  madonna was due to play first of five concerts in city sunda .
 nyc set to name streets after fallen officers <sec> a bill would create `` detective rafael ramos way '' and `` detective wenjian liu way '' .  mayor bill de blasio : `` our fallen heroes will never be forgotten '' .  the blocks to be renamed , in brooklyn , are the sites of the officers ' brooklyn home .
 bebeto backs brazil coach dunga to succeed at world cup <sec> former world cup winner bebeto believes brazil can claim sixth title in south africa .  bebeto played with current coach dunga in 1994 triumph in the united states .  the 46-year-old says dunga 's squad have enough experience to do well in 2010 .  he believes playmaker kaka will be a key figure if he can regain his best for .
 deputy u.s. marshal , suspect die after shootout <sec> the fugitive who killed the marshal was `` extremely dangerous , '' u.s . .  marshals service director says .  deputy u.s . .  marshal josie wells , 28 , died after trying to arrest jamie croom .  `` before he 'd go back to jail , he said , he 'd rather be dead , '' croom 's sister say .
 nobel medical prize goes to 2 americans , 1 german <sec> scientists solved a mystery of how cells deliver molecules .  all three work at american universities .  prize announcements continue with physics tuesday .  each prize , endowed by alfred nobel in 1895 , comes with $ 1.2 millio .
 obamacare rules differ for former foster kids <sec> foster kids currently age out of health coverage at 18 .  a new obamacare provision takes effect in january , extending coverage to age 26 .  but moving out of state can end health coverage for former foster kid .
 five things to watch at the olympics on monday <sec> gabby douglas looks to extend her gold medal haul with individual event final .  new zealand 's olympic committee forgets to register the defending shot put champion .  the u.s. men 's basketball team faces argentin .
 your views : 'new moon ' is 'awesome ' <sec> `` new moon '' expected to be one of year 's biggest movies .  most ireporters who submitted reports enjoyed film , second in `` twilight '' series .  professional movie critics were n't as kind ; film is doing poorly at rottentomatoes.co .
 boko haram attack on bus in cameroon kills at least 11 <sec> the attack took place near the border with nigeria .  militant group boko haram has increasingly crossed into cameroon to conduct attack .
 grammys salute late icon : 'whitney , we will always love you ' <sec> new : jennifer hudson sings `` i will always love you '' in a grammy tribute .  a clip of houston 's 1994 grammy performance of the song is replayed sunday .  music luminaries in the audience respond with a standing ovation .  stars from bruno mars to stevie wonder offer their own personal tribute .
