 some states not changing course amid rising tide of health care reform - cnnpolitics.com <sec> some republican governors pledge resistance to obamacare .  gop hopes rest on winning the white house and both chambers of congress in november .  reform is coming , one way or another , analysts and industry experts say .  `` stop putting off key decisions , '' warns a report to industry player .
 special dogs can catch 'wake ' of explosives <sec> vapor wake dogs can detect small traces of explosives in air .  dogs are bred for job , but less than 2 percent will make the cut .  prisoners in mississippi , georgia , alabama help train dog .
 newsquiz : week of december 10 <sec> use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student news .  write your answers in the space provided .  today 's newsquiz includes the media literacy question of the da .
 shopping amid a massacre : leaked e-mails from syria 's regime <sec> the e-mails were leaked to cnn by a source in the region .  they show syria 's first lady shopping while violence raged .  on the day of the homs massacre , she is inquring about designer shoes .  they appear to show iran 's influence on the syrian regim .
 italian federation incurs blatter wrath over roma racism sanction <sec> fifa chief sepp blatter criticizes italian soccer for `` unacceptable '' racism punishment .  italian federation fined roma $ 65,000 .  ac milan and roma game halted for several minutes after visiting fans directed abuse at mario balotelli .
 man who broke from french prison in daring escape is captured <sec> new : faid grew a beard and wore a wig while on the run , prosecutor says .  he spent more than 10 years in prison , insisted he 'd changed , then was arrested again .  faid held guards at gunpoint and used explosives to burst through a prison 's doors last month .  authorities issued a european arrest warrant covering 26 countrie .
 morsy miscalculating egyptians ' rage <sec> nancy okail : in only a few months , mohamed morsy has provoked protests .  she says this recalls hosni mubarak as morsy has upended constitutional process .  she says he has miscalculated his mandate ; his actions have galvanized opposition .  okail : he can still reverse course ; egyptians and world wo n't stand for authoritarianis .
 review : 'red tails ' <sec> `` red tails '' is a lavishly square historical drama about the tuskegee airmen .  the movie has potent sequences of aerial combat that recall tom cruise and his flyboys .  the actors really appear to be flying , giving the airmen 's brushes with the enemy a heart-in-the-throat qualit .
 flu activity decreasing nationwide <sec> cdc : 38 states reported widespread influenza activity from january 27 to february 2 .  the number of pediatric deaths from influenza rose by 14 .  populations most at risk should see their doctor if they become il .
 iraq reconstruction history details waste , failures <sec> new report cites failures in massive iraq reconstruction initiative .  shortcomings largely caused by waste and poor pre-war planning , report says .  report says violence in country posed huge barrier to reconstruction projects .  u.s.-led `` surge '' helped usher in more successful era , report say .
 al-shabaab militants attack somali presidential palace in mogadishu <sec> militants in somalia carry out a deadly attack on the presidential palace .  minister says 12 people died in the attack , seven of them al-shabaab militants .  police said an explosion at the palace gates was followed by a gun battle .  the president said he was unharmed , but two government officials were kille .
 urban refuge for fleeing syrians <sec> lebanese government estimates more than 1 million syrian refugees are living in lebanon .  large , formal camps for refugees are prohibited by the lebanese government .  most syrian refugees in lebanon are renting some form of accommodatio .
 millennials need fun , flexibility at work <sec> hotschedules gives workers unlimited paid vacation -- if they get work done .  generation y , or millennials , account for roughly 50 million 18- to 30-year-olds .  gen-y could be the most educated in history and make for half the world 's employee .
 porn stars teach ted cruz net neutrality ( opinion ) <sec> dean obeidallah : video with porn stars mocks ted cruz 's position on net neutrality .  it makes point that cruz got donations from comcast . .  it opposes obama regulation plan .  he says pols should use comedy to reach voters . .  obama did with `` between two ferns '' .  obeidallah : young people made big difference in 2008 , 2012 . .  cruz , you should try comed .
 rescuers look for bodies among kansas twister debris <sec> new : rescue workers search for survivors , bodies among tornado wreckage .  new : 60 homes destroyed , 60 damages .  two people dead in soldier and chapman .  several buildings destroyed , frat house damaged at kansas state universit .
 'sons of anarchy ' : drea de matteo returning <sec> wendy will be back in the picture on `` sons of anarchy 's '' sixth season .  drea de matteo plays wendy , jax 's ex-wife and mother of his first-born .  de matteo will reprise her role in multiple episode .
 justin bieber lawsuit : neighbors sue pop star <sec> two former neighbors of justin bieber file lawsuit against the pop star .  suit alleges he vandalized their house with eggs and threatened them .  bieber , 21 , pleaded guilty last year to a related vandalism charg .
 fighting erupts in yemen during peace talks , journalist says <sec> 13 soldiers , 19 houthi rebels , 22 civilians killed , houthi rebel sources tell newspaper .  yemen government officials have n't confirmed death toll .  houthis have presented yemeni government with peace agreement , foreign minister says .  yemen laid out cease-fire terms in august , government says houthi leaders rejected term .
 cnn student news transcript : may 25 , 2010 <sec> hear how the u.s. is involved in tension between north and south korea .  consider some of the frustration surrounding efforts to stop an oil leak .  find out why a college basketball coach is taking her game to haiti .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 masters : cop 's big ego stole half my life <sec> new : tim masters talks with cnn on his first full day of freedom .  new : masters says he 's angry , especially at lead police officer .  judge ordered masters released , tossed murder conviction tuesday .  new dna evidence indicates someone else killed , mutilated peggy hettrick in 198 .
 seaworld trainers : working with killer whales is a calculated risk <sec> employees testify in osha hearing into the death of a killer whale 's trainer .  they testified that trainers are taught to recognize signs of aggression .  osha has cited seaworld for not having adequate safety precautions .  in 2010 , dawn brancheau was pulled underwater by a killer whale and drowne .
 officials suspect drug reaction or toxins in florida horse deaths <sec> 21 thoroughbred horses died at international polo club palm beach .  officials say they have ruled out infectious or contagious disease .  veterinarians say a mistake was made ; they do n't suspect foul play .  state and local officials are investigatin .
 indian court : commonwealth organizer ca n't attend olympic ceremony <sec> suresh kalmadi faces corruption charges related to the commonwealth games .  a delhi court says he can travel to london but ca n't attend the opening ceremony .  the court says his presence at olympics would be `` contrary to national interest '' .  he says he never planned to attend the ceremon .
 mexico flooding kills at least 33 , government says <sec> flooding in the last week could have affected up to 35,000 people , reports say .  government : at least 22 people dead and more than 3,500 homeless in michoacan state .  165 of 174 mexico city schools that were closed friday reopened monday .  government vows to offer food , medicine , cash and shelter to displaced peopl .
 conson downgraded to tropical storm , heads to vietnam <sec> new : conson is downgraded to a tropical storm .  the storm has been blamed for at least 39 deaths in the philippines .  conson is forecast to move through the gulf of tonkin on saturda .
 where to get degree in death , anime or psychic abilities <sec> if you want to study it , there may be a college that teaches that topic .  university of connecticut says it 's only school offering masters in puppetry arts .  take a class in weapons of mass destruction at fairleigh dickinson university .  savannah college of art and design teaches comic books and graphic novel .
 confessions of a nervous flier <sec> the disappearance of malaysia flight 370 has made some nervous fliers more nervous .  statistics are on the flier 's side : more people die in car accidents than in airplane crashes .  even eating is more dangerous -- you 're more likely to die by choking on your dinne .
 syrian forces , rebels fight to control aleppo broadcast center <sec> fighting reported at radio-tv building in syria 's largest city .  lebanon abstained in the u.n. vote , but other syrian neighbors voted yes .  iran , russia and china were among the countries voting against .  syria 's embassy in london is expected to close soo .
 what 's next for the university of oklahoma ? <sec> the university of oklahoma president says chant created a `` hostile educational environment '' .  two students are expelled ; they have until friday to appea .
 ringling bros. elephants call florida sanctuary home <sec> 29 elephants currently live at the circus sanctuary , and 13 more will join by 2018 .  the expansion comes after ringling bros. said it would stop using elephants in circus .  $ 65,000 worth of care annually includes pedicures , stretching and tons -- literally -- of foo .
 air force base controllers : skydiving with dirt bikes <sec> combat control teams are the air force 's lesser known elite special ops ground force .  they parachute into war zones and help ground force commanders and pilots pinpoint targets .  combat control teams use special dirt bikes to seize air fields .  they also use airborne surveillance to protect u.s. ground troops and friendly civilian .
 xenophobic killing in south africa caught by photos <sec> photographer james oatway captured a violent attack that resulted in death of a mozambican in south africa .  seven people have been killed in recent violence against poorer immigrants , many from south africa 's neighbor .
 rights groups : pentagon sought geneva convention loopholes <sec> military tried to justify detention practices , human rights groups say .  groups present pentagon documents to support accusations .  groups : pentagon also sought to delay guantanamo releases to avoid bad press .  communications came amid criticism over abu ghraib prison in ira .
 la lakers head up 2010 european tour <sec> reigning nba champions the la lakers will take part in nba europe live 2010 .  the new york knicks and the minnesota timberloves will also play in the tour .  nba star kobe bryant looking forward to playing in londo .
 beirut buzzing as the city builds for the future <sec> property in beirut has grown impressively despite war in neighboring syria .  real estate purchases totaled $ 8.7 billion in 2014 alone .  roughly 400 building projects are currently underway in the lebanese capital , local experts sa .
 join a hero , make a difference <sec> this year 's top 10 cnn heroes are tackling issues both domestic and international .  if you 'd like to help , you can donate to their organizations through googl .
 operator of train that jumped tracks at chicago 's o'hare airport fired <sec> new : official : no reason , based on schedule , that fatigue should have been a factor .  new : incident did prompt transit agency to look at train operator scheduling .  32 people were injured in last month 's incident at the end of chicago 's blue line .  a union official had said there were `` indications '' that the train operator `` dozed off .
 milito magic helps inter milan march on <sec> diego milito scores twice as inter milan beat parma 5-0 at the san siro on saturday .  win puts inter within a point of fourth-placed lazio , who crashed 4-0 at siena .  inter won for the fifth successive match in serie a to keep european hopes alive .  title hopefuls lazio face the prospect of dropping eight points off the lea .
 'mantis : ' the monster-sized hexapod robot <sec> robot is biggest all-terrain operational hexapod in the world , according to uk creators .  `` mantis '' weighs 1.9 tons and is nearly three meters tall .  chief engineer matt denton inspired by at-at walkers in `` the empire strikes back .
 xi 's success so far : taking control by following deng <sec> xi has become the most powerful chinese leader since the death of deng xiaoping in 1997 .  china watchers compare xi 's ruling strategy to those of mao zedong and deng .  china insider : `` xi truly believes he has a historic mission to achieve the china dream .
 judge throws out lance armstrong 's lawsuit aimed at halting doping probe <sec> the judge says agencies ' squabbles may hurt cycling , but wo n't lead courts to act .  the u.s. anti-doping agency accuses armstrong of using performance-enhancing drugs .  the 7-time tour de france winner denies the claims , suing to ask a judge to halt the case .  a judge rules against armstrong , stating `` this court can not interfere '' in the cas .
 the shame of aaron hernandez <sec> roxanne jones : jury right to find hernandez guilty , but the waste of life for player and his victim is tragic .  she says nfl , patriots knew his troubled past , but could not have predicted his actions , and both handled case wel .
 cell companies woo app makers with offices , lattes <sec> at & t opens a foundry development center in silicon valley .  verizon wireless also has an application innovation center in san francisco .  the cell carriers are working to improve their images among app maker .
 nigeria 's 'missing ' president breaks silence to dispel death rumors <sec> nigeria 's president says in a phone interview that he is alive and recovering from treatment .  yar'adua has not been seen since leaving nigeria for treatment in saudi arabia in late november .  his absence has created a power vacuum in the african country .  protesters , the senate call for more information on his whereabouts and state of healt .
 egypt reopens border with gaza <sec> new : `` procedures were excellent , '' says one middle-aged palestinian on his first visit to egypt .  more than 600 palestinians made the crossing saturday .  egypt reopens its border with gaza , opening access to palestinians .  the border crossing was closed by israel and egypt in 2007 to cut off hama .
 china vows to rescue 25 crew aboard hijacked merchant ship <sec> china monitoring developments , planning next move after ship hijacking .  bulk carrier de xin hai hijacked 550 nautical miles northeast of seychelles .  there are 25 crew members on board the ship , are all chinese nationals .  eu force aircraft monitoring the ship reported seeing four pirates on dec .
 louisiana governor to give high-profile gop response to obama <sec> jindal embodies image as `` party of better solutions , '' house minority leader says .  the ivy league grad and rhodes scholar is viewed as a likely presidential candidate .  the first-term governor has drawn praise for spearheading katrina recovery efforts .  president obama will deliver the state of the union address on february 2 .
 anti-obama ? portman plans for white house run - cnnpolitics.com <sec> sen . .  rob portman has a packed washington resume and is considering a white house run .  he has roots in ohio , a critical presidential swing stat .
 ryan giggs handed player-coach role at manchester united <sec> ryan giggs appointed player-coach at manchester united .  the welshman made his united debut in 1990 .  giggs is part of manager david moyes ' new-look backroom staff .  moyes was announced as alex ferguson 's successor in ma .
 saudi king intervenes to help 1,345-pound man <sec> khalid bin mohsen shaari , who weighs 1,345 pounds ( 610kg ) and is unable to move by himself .  king abdullah ordered him to be transferred to the country 's capital riyadh to undergo treatment .  he will be treated at the king fahd medical city , and undergo a series of dietary and physical program .
 dave matthews band saxophonist dies at 46 <sec> new : band went ahead with show in los angeles , remembering `` dear friend '' .  founding member of dave matthews band died tuesday afternoon .  spokeswoman : he suffered complications stemming from a june atv accident .  moore had returned to l.a. home to start intense rehabilitation progra .
 mcgovern ahead of his time <sec> scott lilly : mcgovern presciently rode swirling political , social currents of late '60s , early '70s .  his views on foreign policy , women 's rights and more drew support of young , lilly says .  mcgovern lost to nixon in 1972 , but many of his positions came to pass anyway , lilly says .  lilly : mcgovern not the extremist his opponents claimed ; he was a man of strength , grac .
 online dating now widely accepted , survey says <sec> pew asked more than 2,000 people about dating on the internet .  two out of 10 think people who use dating sites are `` desperate '' .  but attitudes about online dating have gotten more positive over time .  survey : half of web daters met people who `` seriously misrepresented '' themselve .
 justice department says it will sue florida over voting rolls purge <sec> lawsuit threat comes after florida began removing non-eligible voters from its voter rolls .  the state identified more than 100,000 names of non-eligible voters .  critics say the plan unfairly targets minorities and uses inaccurate informatio .
 indian cartoonist facing sedition charges freed on bail <sec> new : indian cartoonist aseem trivedi leaves jail on bail .  trivedi had originally refused to apply for bail , wanted sedition charge dropped .  cartoons attacked perceived corruption in india 's political system .  hrw urged authorities to drop the charges and repeal the la .
 coachella 2014 : outkast to reunite <sec> coachella confirms that outkast will reunite at this year 's festival .  rumors that the duo would perform together at coachella began last fall .  arcade fire and muse will join outkast as festival headliners .  southern california fest will run two weekends -- april 11-13 and april 18-2 .
 faa levies more fines against american eagle regional airline <sec> faa seeks $ 2.9 million from texas-based regional affiliate of american airlines .  faa : aircraft with bad repairs on landing gear doors used on more than 1,100 flights .  faa also has proposed $ 2.5 million fine for flights without proper baggage weight chec .
 wikileaks : the must-have weapons and the countries that want them <sec> leaked state department cables show interest in missile defense and uavs .  officials of bahrain and united arab emirates express concern about iran .  israel concerned about sale of f-15s to saudi arabia and missiles to jorda .
 cnn student news - april 2 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 muslim rebels release five hostages as tense stand-off continues <sec> mnlf rebels release five hostages , four of them children , as stand-off enters second day .  an estimated 180 were trapped by fighting but it was unclear how many people were hostage .  a rebel told local media that the group had been holding 35 hostages .  at least six people were killed yesterday in clashes between the rebels and armed force .
 fbi investigating 'suspicious ' death aboard cruise ship <sec> the 64-year-old woman 's husband found her dead in their cabin .  the fbi describes the death as `` suspicious '' but does not detail why .  authorities are waiting for the results of toxicology test .
 judge orders rapper t.i . back to prison <sec> new : the rapper gets 11 months for probation violation .  t.i . .  to judge : `` i screwed up big time '' .  t.i . .  said he needs rehab for drug addiction , not more prison time .  a defense lawyer says the rapper `` fell off the wagon '' using cough syru .
 van persie rejects new contract to signal arsenal departure <sec> robin van persie says he does not want to extend contract at arsenal .  dutch striker makes announcement on his personal website .  epl giants arsenal may be forced to sell him in the transfer window .  van persie scored 37 goals for the gunners last seaso .
 aid flights evacuate pakistan flood survivors <sec> u.s. military has 18 helicopters flying aid missions to pakistan 's swat district .  crews fly aid into flood ravaged towns like kalam and bring people out of the area .  u.s. crews even fly produce for farmers in areas cut off from road access .  aid missions considered vital to response efforts and improve america¹s standing in the regio .
