 alonso extends title lead with victory from pole in germany <sec> fernando alonso wins german grand prix at hockenheim .  alonso extends title lead to 34 points with third win of season .  sebastian vettel crosses line second but demoted to fifth .  jenson button second in revamped mclare .
 11 wedding terms explained <sec> planning a wedding entails learning a whole new vocabulary . .  a full place setting involves 14 different items , including silver , glass , china and linen . .  know the difference between an `` escort card '' and a `` place card '' ? .  vellum is n't just for invitations ; it can be crafted into boxes and decor as well .
 mike huckabee , stop bashing beyonce <sec> mike huckabee is rumored to be interested in running for president in 2016 .  so why is he criticizing president obama 's parenting style , beyonce and jay z .
 doctors ' records subpoenaed in corey haim death investigation <sec> coroner issues subpoenas for records of 20 doctors in haim death inquiry .  attorney general says at least one of haim 's prescriptions linked to prescription drug ring .  haim , 38 , had pneumonia , enlarged heart , water in lungs when he died march 10 .  toxicology results , which are weeks away , to help determine if drugs were involved in deat .
 isinbayeva sets women 's pole vault best <sec> russia 's yelena isinbayeva breaks her own women 's world pole vault record .  leaps 5.04 meters on her third and final attempt at height at monaco meeting .  jamaican asafa powell wins third 100 meters race in a week in 9.82 second .
 north korea 's space oddity : missile or satellite ? <sec> world 's media taken to mission control near pyongyang ahead of rocket launch .  north korea insists the rocket will launch a satellite into space .  others , such as the u.s. , fear this is part of pyongyang 's missile development progra .
 bonnie raitt 's colorful blues <sec> bonnie raitt 's `` slipstream '' is her first album in seven years .  fans are packing concerts and propelling `` slipstream '' into billboard 's top 10 .  `` i wanted to take that break so i would miss it enough , '' raitt told cn .
 india resists hard limits on emissions during clinton visit <sec> india 's environment minister : we ca n't take legally binding emission reductions .  official made comment during visit by u.s. secretary of state hillary clinton .  india agreed this month to work toward limiting global warming to 2 degrees celsius .  india already is working on reducing its carbon emissions , official say .
 opinion : heroes facing down fire -- and fate <sec> clay morgan : `` and there they were ... '' begins stories about firefighters like the yarnell 19 .  as a smokejumper facing dangerous fires , he gets what might have drawn them to job .  he says the arizona firefighters were heroes in wrong place .  morgan : they were more alive than most of us are ; more vital and committed in their live .
 cuba : u.s. using new weapon against the island : spam <sec> cuba accuses the united states of overloading communications networks .  the accusation comes after a report revealed details of a u.s.-funded `` cuban twitter '' .  u.s. officials defend the program , saying it aimed to foster free speech in cub .
 faqs about health care reform <sec> senate and house bills will need to be merged .  house plan would create public option ; senate plan would not .  both bills mandate coverage ; both include hardship exemption .  bills would prevent insurers from denying coverage for pre-existing condition .
 egyptians angry over german court slaying <sec> sherbini killed in courtroom as she prepared to give testimony against man .  the man was convicted of calling sherbini a `` terrorist , '' `` bitch '' and `` islamist '' .  many egyptians shout hostile slogans against germany during her funera .
 crew of wayward airliner cooperative , sober , police say <sec> new : airport police report identifies pilot and first officer .  new : norad reviewing procedures after delay in learning of wayward airliner .  northwest airlines flight overshot minneapolis airport by about 150 miles .  ntsb : crew said they were in `` heated discussion '' and `` lost situational awareness .
 american airlines loosens checked-bag restrictions for service members <sec> new : airtran airways waives bag fees for active-duty military .  soldiers back from afghanistan said delta charged their unit $ 2,800 to check extra bags .  american will go to five free checked bags for military personnel , up from three .  delta and united/continental announced bag-check policy changes on wednesda .
 july 4 festivities marred by parade mishaps , fireworks disasters <sec> two women seriously injured in fireworks incident in chicago , wgn reports .  an 8-year-old oklahoma boy and a man in maine are killed while participating in parades .  fireworks shoot sideways in simi valley , california , a witness says .  illegal fireworks destroy 14 boats in seattle and cause $ 1.5 million in damag .
 working on the night shift <sec> `` in focus '' series looks at people who are awake and working the night shift .  overnight harlem radio dj sometimes finds himself dozing off .  mother of three works third shift as manhattan bakery night manager .  atlanta crew converts arena from hockey to basketball and back agai .
 alleged pennsylvania cop killer charged with terrorism <sec> frein claimed he shot two state troopers in bid to change government , documents say .  his goal : to `` wake up people , because it was all he could do , '' according to documents .  ambush left cpl . .  bryon dickson dead and trooper alex t. douglass wounde .
 yemeni activist freed , wins promise of release for others <sec> new : tawakkol karman is calling for yemen 's president to step down .  new : `` we are now having a 'jasmine revolution ' in yemen , '' she says .  new : karman had initially refused to leave prison until other activists were also free .
 obama signs $ 42 billion bill aimed to help small businesses <sec> new : obama touts bill as a job-creator at signing .  the treasury department will run a $ 30 billion fund to help deliver capital to small banks .  the goal is for community banks to make credit more available to small businesses .  the bill also provides tax credits to small businesse .
 grab a webcam and give lifecasting a try <sec> tech enthusiast chris pirillo shares tips for `` lifecasting '' your daily doings on the web .  all you need is a webcam , a microphone , and an internet connection .  justin.tv began with a guy strapping a webcam to his head and streaming it live .  consider pre-recording videos when you 're starting out to get the hang of thing .
 august on inside the middle east <sec> a group of young iraqis is learning the language of music .  an animated film is aimed at getting emiratis to reduce their eco footprint .  traditional arab sailing dhows are proving to be popular racing boats in the uae .  the handmade boat `` the jewel of muscat '' completes its voyag .
 what the heck is deflategate anyway ? <sec> nfl investigating whether new england patriot under-inflated 11 footballs .  under-inflating balls makes them easier to grip , unless you 're aaron rodgers .  john madden not-so-subtly implies quarterback tom brady was in on i .
 best golden globes gowns of all time <sec> zoe saldana wore a charmingly dishabille design in shades of crimson by louis vuitton .  jennifer lopez played up her golden skin with a barely-there gilded gown from marchesa .  eva mendes worked a christian dior silk taffeta gow .
 turkish parties urge headscarf ruling <sec> turkey 's ruling party agrees to lift ban on head scarves in universities .  ban introduced after military coup in 1980 as seen as a sign of religion .  turkey is a secular nation but its population is mainly muslim .  proposal has brought protests among the secular populatio .
 cnn/orc poll : most think congress is worst in their lifetime <sec> poll reflects significant challenges for democrats trying to keep senate majority .  65 % of poll respondents call the current congress the worst in their lifetime .  voter enthusiasm is down , which could be caused by dissatisfaction with congres .
 doctor 's quick thinking saves patients <sec> the moore , oklahoma , medical center was directly in the path of the ef5 tornado .  all of the hospital patients survived thanks to dr. stephanie barnhart 's plan .  barnhart and her team covered the patients with mattresses and blanket .
 ex-iran hostages hope 'argo ' win boosts quest for reparations <sec> `` argo , '' about the rescue of six american hostages from iran , wins best picture .  other hostages rescued later hope the movie 's high profile helps case for reparations .  ordeal destroyed `` not only their bodies , but their souls , '' lawyer say .
 colombian military 's new weapon against rebels : christmas trees <sec> `` operation christmas '' will decorate 10 trees in the jungle .  the goal is to persuade rebels to demobilize by reminding them of holiday spirit .  the military says 140 rebels have laid down their arms this holiday seaso .
 labor disputes roll across europe <sec> french air traffic controllers go on strike tuesday .  lufthansa pilots agreed to suspend their strike until march 8 .  striking french oil workers are causing gasoline shortages .  widespread strikes are expected wednesday in greece ; protests in spai .
 russian wildfires kill 25 ; putin calls for officials ' resignations <sec> new : two firefighters are among the dead .  new : 1,257 houses have burned , while some 2,000 people are left without a home .  putin calls on local officials to resign because of their fire response .  the fires are reportedly the worst ever to hit western russi .
 more silverware for bayern munich after club world cup triumph <sec> bayern munich wins its fifth trophy of the year after capturing the club world cup .  bayern beats morocco 's raja casablanca 2-0 in saturday 's final in marrakech .  dante and thiago alcantara scored for the european champion in the first half .  bayern is the heavy favorite to repeat in the bundesliga after its two main rivals faltere .
 pakistan must do more in al qaeda fight , biden says <sec> u.s. vice president joe biden tells cnn pakistan has not been a reliable ally .  americans are safer today than they were before the 9/11 attacks , biden says .  biden says harsh interrogation techniques are counterproductiv .
 u.s. loses supreme court property rights case <sec> arkansas case centered on a series of federally controlled and managed floods .  ruling would require the federal government to pay for damages from flooding .  the state owned the flooded land and had earlier won a $ 5.6 million judgmen .
 the magic number for democrats <sec> afl-cio political director mike podhorzer is worried about democrats ' standing with working class voters .  podhorzer : `` democratic victories are powered by the votes of the people who are more financially stressed .
 asia 's top five tropical island paradises <sec> the 20th annual asia boat show will take place in singapore this weekend .  southeast asia 's coastal waters offer some of the world 's top adventure-laden sailing destinations .  vietnam , indonesia , thailand and malaysia all play host to spectacular coastal beauty spot .
 inside the hispanic vote : growing in numbers , growing in diversity <sec> political observers : hispanic voters as diverse as wider community .  grassroots efforts under way to increase hispanic citizenship .  hispanic vote could play significant role in 2008 swing state .
 single-sex clubs ? not just for golfers <sec> british open - one of golf 's four majors - starts thursday .  the decision to hold the open at muirfield has attracted criticism .  grace belgravia 's kate percival says there is a place for single-gender clubs .  others argue future generations may see single-sex golf clubs as `` pretty archaic .
 tiger woods : garcia 's fried chicken jibe 'wrong and hurtful ' <sec> tiger woods calls jibe aimed at him by fellow golfer sergio garcia 'wrong ' and 'hurtful ' .  garcia had said he would serve fried chicken to woods if he was to host him for dinner .  spaniard denies his comment was meant as racial jibe towards woods .  the pair have been arguing publicly since acrimonious round earlier in ma .
 dial 999 for alex ferguson ? manchester united fan 's drunken emergency call <sec> manchester united fan dials 999 asking for alex ferguson after defeat to sunderland on wednesday .  greater manchester police warn of the danger of unnecessary emergency calls .  ferguson was manager of united between 1986 and 2013 , winning 13 league titles .  his replacement david moyes has struggled and united currently sit seventh in the ep .
 hamilton pips vettel to pole in germany <sec> lewis hamilton will start sunday 's german grand prix from pole position .  british driver won last f1 race held at nurburgring back in 2011 .  red bull 's sebastian vettel joins hamilton on front row of grid .  mark webber and kimi raikkonen will start third and fourth respectivel .
 zimbabwe 's prime minister divorces after 2 weeks of marriage <sec> the prime minister cites a `` plot '' for the failure of his marriage .  mugabe asks the media to respect tsvangirai 's private life .  tsvangirai 's first wife died in a 2009 car acciden .
 how did lagos become more expensive than l.a. ? <sec> lagos , nigeria is the 30th most expensive city in the world .  it beat cities like barcelona , brussels , washington and los angeles .  private investment and tourism have help local development .  governor babatunde fashola also credits nigeria 's democrac .
 nigeria fails to qualify for africa cup of nations <sec> 2013 champion nigeria bow out following 2-2 draw with south africa .  controversy over guinea 's participation linked to ebola outbreak .  ivory coast book their place .  dr congo qualify as best third-place tea .
 u.s. urges caution after german terror threat <sec> al qaeda terror group posts video message threatening attacks in germany .  u.s. officials urge their citizens in germany to keep low profile and be wary .  germany 's interior ministry report increase in threats by al qaeda this year .  message criticizes chancellor merkel over wars in iraq and afghanista .
 two georgia deputies put on leave in jail death case <sec> two deputies will remain on leave with pay until an investigation into a jail death is done .  matthew ajibade broke female sergeant 's nose while being restrained after arrest , police say .  attorney : ajibade was bipolar and experiencing a medical emergency at time of his arres .
 demand for return of hundreds of abducted schoolgirls in nigeria mounts <sec> worldwide protests call for the release of schoolgirls .  kerry : `` kidnapping of hundreds of children by boko haram is an unconscionable crime '' .  a total of 276 schoolgirls were abducted in the middle of the night last month .  there are 223 girls still in the hands of their captors , police sa .
 man connected to times square attempted bombing deported to pakistan <sec> aftab ali khan was arrested after the bombing attempt a year ago .  khan pleaded guilty to sending money and immigrations fraud .  he was not accused of knowing about the bomb plo .
 u.s. , india send help to flood-battered sri lanka <sec> u.s. one of two countries helping those affected by floods in sri lanka .  it will donate u.s. $ 300,000 to provide various goods and services .  the funds will go to areas hardest-hit by the flood .
 employee shoots self at alabama courthouse , authorities say <sec> new : the man could bring a gun inside because he was a court employee , an official says .  the employee shot himself in the head , the u.s . .  marshals service says .  the shooter -- described only as a `` middle aged white male '' -- was taken to a hospita .
 meet lily , a muppet facing growing concern : national hunger <sec> lily is a pink muppet with long pigtails , resembling a 7-year-old girl .  sesame street portrays lily and her family dealing with food insecurity .  nationwide , more families visited food pantries during the recession , usda say .
 why should muslims apologize for terror attacks ? <sec> some mainstream commentators have urged moderate muslims to condemn terrorism , in particular the recent paris killings .  caner dagli says though that groups like isis and al qaeda believe fanatically that most muslims are misguided and hell-bound .  for many , it 's more comfortable to focus on muslims than to ask if one 's own country may have anything to `` condemn , '' dagli add .
 e-commerce bigger in china than united states <sec> unlike u.s. , china has not been penetrated by organized retailers or brands yet .  david wei predicts by 2014 , china 's e-commerce will have bigger gross merchandise volume .  e-commerce model needs to be different , wei write .
 10 hit songs you thought were about women ( but are n't ) <sec> songs like `` delilah , '' `` martha my dear '' and `` shannon '' are actually about singers ' pets .  the song `` cracklin ' rose '' by neil diamond was about a bottle of wine , not a woman .  the turtles wrote `` elenore '' to poke fun at their record compan .
 mexicans , u.s. tight-lipped over attack on u.s. embassy vehicle <sec> a federal police spokesman says he 's been asked not to comment .  all the information is to come from calderon 's office .  2 u.s. embassy employees were wounded friday .  federal police were involved in the shooting , mexico say .
 could a robot have written this story ? <sec> software with increasingly complex algorithms are now writing news stories and financial reports .  the l.a. times uses quakebot to write about tremors , using data from the us geological survey . .  chicago-based company narrative science markets its quill software to media and financial houses .  the company 's chief scientists believes a computer program could win a pulitzer prize within the next 5 year .
 journalists axed after mexicoleaks <sec> mvs fired prominent journalist carmen aristegui on sunday .  aristegui also hosts a nightly television talk show on cnn en espanol .  others on aristegui team also fired .  team exposed possible conflict-of-interest real-estate deals involving mexican presiden .
 myanmar 's suu kyi : i did not violate house arrest <sec> junta says aung san suu kyi 's house arrest does not expire for six more months .  opposition leader aung san suu kyi is on trial with american john yettaw .  suu kyi told myanmar court that she is not guilty , has not broken any law .  yettaw is charged with violating the conditions of suu kyi 's house arres .
 brazil pays penalty for copa america exit <sec> star-studded brazil missed all four of their spot-kicks as paraguay went on to win 2-0 .  both sides were reduced to 10 men after lucas leiva and antolin alcaraz were dismissed .  paraguay , who last won the copa america in 1979 , will now face venezuela .  venezula shocked chile 2-1 in last quarterfinal with gabriel cichero scoring late winne .
 i 'm voting : social issues bring out divisions between parties , generations <sec> cnn posed questions for readers via a facebook app .  click through the gallery to see responses to questions about social issues .  new questions will be posted on the app through election da .
 'every year , it gets worse ' : afghan-americans have their say <sec> cnn spoke to afghan-americans in chicago to get their take on the nato summit .  one restaurant owner says war is n't the solution : `` people are upset , people are suffering '' .  bring everyone together and let afghans lead the peace process , one author say .
 running mate replaces brazil presidential candidate killed in plane crash <sec> socialist party candidate eduardo campos was killed last week in a plane crash .  his running mate , marina silva , announces she will replace him in the race .  polls suggest she has a better chance of beating president dilma roussef .
 bomber pilot helped in airline cockpit during emergency <sec> air force pilot backs up first officer during medical emergency last december .  a united 737 from iowa to colorado diverted to nebraska .  pilot handled radio communication with controllers while first officer landed the plane .  he kept quiet about his story until recently when reporters asked the air forc .
 in philippines , a 14-year fight for birth control <sec> reproductive health bill would make birth control free for poor in philippines .  catholic church has opposed bill , which has been proposed for last 14 years .  many lack proper health education and birth control acces .
 gas pipeline to jordan set ablaze in egypt <sec> state television says it is `` one of the main gas pipelines '' in el arish .  sinai 's governor says it was a sabotage attempt .  a rocket-propelled grenade was fired at state security headquarters in el arish frida .
