 why the presidential debates matter <sec> john avlon : some people in washington say there are too many debates .  he says the debates have played a more important role than paid advertising .  avlon says the candidates ' performances under pressure are revealin .
 olympic memories <sec> olympic moments often transcend sport , with political overtones .  modern olympics have witnessed protests , suffered from terrorism .  olympics often provide athletes stage to air views on societ .
 hpv cases remain high despite vaccine <sec> an annual report shows lower cancer rates for the most common cancers .  a vaccine against hpv strains that can trigger cancer was approved in 2006 .  in 2010 , only 32 % of girls 13 through 17 received all three vaccine doses .  controversy about the vaccine means it can be a taboo topic for doctor .
 school : boston doctor was disciplined for viewing adult pornography <sec> federal prosecutors file child pornography case against boston physician .  boarding school cites unrelated incidents allegedly involving doctor .  richard keller worked at school for 19 years , then resigne .
 sjogren 's syndrome knocks williams out of u.s. open <sec> venus williams played only 11 matches this season due to injuries and illness .  as many as 4 million americans have sjögren 's syndrome .  ninety percent of the people with the syndrome are wome .
 # icezilla leaves northeast states coated in ice <sec> storm warning for upstate vermont , parts of new hampshire , maine , massachusetts .  ice storms hit portions of connecticut , new york , new jersey and pennsylvani .
 mermaids , abalone and a very local breakfast in busan <sec> in the fishing village of yeonhwari , `` mermaids '' dive for abalone and conch .  abalone porridge and live octopus make an unusual but delicious seaside breakfast .  breakfast is a quiet affair , but the village gets crowded at lunch .  quirky lighthouses are an area trademar .
 prosecutor 's quandary : zimmerman may be indicted , then acquitted <sec> alan dershowitz : prosecutor in trayvon martin case could face `` nightmare scenario '' .  he says based on evidence that is public , there could be probable cause to indict .  but there may not be enough evidence to remove reasonable doubt of guilt .  dershowitz : many people would not be happy with such a mixed outcom .
 radical muslim cleric among 21 killed in gaza clashes <sec> sheikh abu al-nour al-maqdessi killed in battle with hamas forces , officials say .  al-maqdessi was leader of islamist movement that rejects politics , government .  al-maqdessi had sought creation of islamic emirate in gaz .
 where gop did n't win : on ballot initiatives ( opinion ) <sec> sally kohn : results of ballot initiatives favored progressive outcomes , defied gop sweep .  three states voted to hike minimum wage even as they elected gop candidates .  several states voted to legalize possession of small amounts of pot .  kohn : restrictions on pregnant women failed in 2 states , passed in tennesse .
 luis enrique ends roma experiment <sec> luis enrique will step down as roma coach at the end of this season .  former barcelona player moved to italian serie a club in june .  the 42-year-old says he needs to take time out from the game .  club says departure will not mean end of new playing philosoph .
 national gun 'conversation ' mostly a waste of time <sec> hundreds of people have been killed by guns this year in chicago , says roland martin .  but newtown , aurora and chicago did n't happen just because of guns , he says .  we must deal with `` stand your ground '' laws in florida and other states , he says .  issues such as education , poverty and anger must also be dealt with , he say .
 bolivia nationalizes bp subsidiary <sec> bolivian president evo morales nationalizes chaco petroleum company .  morales guarantees petroleum workers that their jobs will be safe .  military on standby in nationalization of bp subsidiary .  move comes 48 hours before bolivian vote on new constitutio .
 opinion : for 2016 , hillary clinton 's big lead ; gop 's big zero <sec> john avlon : a new cnn poll shows a reversal in the character of two major parties .  avlon : traditionally , gop coalesce around a front-runner ; democrats root for newcomers .  now , gop has an eclectic pool of presidential candidates ; democrats have hillary clinton .  avlon : if clinton does not run , democrats will have almost no strong candidat .
 chechen rebel leader claims he ordered attack on moscow subway <sec> chechen rebel leader claims he ordered attack on moscow subway .  39 people died in monday 's attack at lubyanka and park kultury stations in city center .  two female bombers detonated their explosives about 40 minutes apart .  the current round of the russia-chechnya conflict dates back nearly 20 year .
 britney spears kicks off las vegas casino residency <sec> britney spears is reportedly earning $ 30 million for the 100 vegas shows through 2015 .  spears dances on a 100-foot stage , backed by 14 dancers and large video screens .  fans do n't seem to mind that britney uses pre-recorded vocal tracks .  spears show signals a shift toward younger tourists in las vegas , robin leach say .
 old records get second life as journals <sec> through vintage vinyl journals , katie pietrak transforms old records into notebooks .  pietrak launched her business after losing her job in the pharmaceutical industry .  to get business off the ground , she moved to scale back on living expense .
 retracing artist turner 's footsteps <sec> jmw turner was notorious for his maritime paintings in 19th century britain .  now british artist andy parker is to emulate his artistic journeys on the high seas .  the pair are connected by their upbringing as sons of shopkeepers in covent garden .  art expert describes turner 's fascination with the sea , which accounted for 60 % of his work more than a century and a half after turner 's death .
 after shooting , cops take no-tolerance approach to copycat threats <sec> the arrests of the teens are for separate acts , one in california , one in tennessee .  the suspects may be difficult to prosecute , legal expert say .
 chief justice roberts shows his writing chops <sec> john roberts ' opinions show literary flair , include pop culture references .  opinion in police search case parroted style of gumshoe mystery .  he once misquoted bob dylan song `` like a rolling stone '' in an opinio .
 'breathe easy ' t-shirts anger eric garner supporters <sec> indiana police officer sells t-shirts that read `` breathe easy , do n't break the law '' .  jason barthel says the shirts are meant to remind people that police are there to protect them .  critics are angry over apparent reference to eric garner 's last words , `` i ca n't breathe '' .  it `` shows great disrespect to ... victims of police misconduct , '' one commenter write .
 was it legal to record and release sterling 's racist rant ? <sec> legality of sterling recording depends on state where it was recorded .  some states require one recorded party to know , some require all .  it is not illegal to release a legally obtained audio of private conversation to medi .
 germany rules out common euro bonds <sec> germany refused to share the debt burden of stressed eurozone peers .  ignores pleas by the oecd and the international monetary fund for eurozone bond .
 rowing across an endangered ocean <sec> roz savage gave up a career as a management consultant to seek adventure .  she rowed in a race across the atlantic and then completed a three-leg journey across pacific .  savage spoke on mission blue voyage , which sought to accelerate efforts to save the oceans .  she said environmental damage results from bad decisions made by billions of people every da .
 apparently this matters : rent a wife ? how 'bout a goat ? <sec> rent-a-wife is an l.a.-based service for general housekeeping and odd jobs .  there 's actually lots of weird stuff you can rent via the internet .  bellini experimented with google to see what else was out ther .
 no longer afraid to talk about epilepsy <sec> paul ramirez found out he had epilepsy when he was 22 .  ramirez hid the serious brain disorder from family , friends until he read a story on cnn .  story inspired ramirez to share his story and raise money for epilepsy researc .
 giro riders pays tribute to tragic weylandt <sec> tuesday 's fourth stage of the giro d'italia is turned into a tribute to wouter weylandt .  the 26-year-old belgian died in a horror crash during the third stage of the race .  the peloton refuse to race the entire 216km stage from genoa to livorn .
 4 comic book legends who affected real world <sec> several comic book heroes have affected people in real life .  superman battled the kkk in radio series `` clan of the fiery cross '' .  something created in spider-man comic inspires device that keeps people out of jail .  and donald duck blocked a scientist from getting a paten .
 thailand coup : a cheat sheet to get you up to speed <sec> army declares coup as thailand remains under martial law .  it 's unclear what will happen next ; army had sought political dialogue .  the volatile political situation has affected thailand 's econom .
 hamburg remain in bundesliga title hunt <sec> hamburg remain in bundesliga title hunt following 2-0 win over energie cottbus .  the win lifts hamburg into fourth in the table , four points behind leaders hertha .  stuttgart suffer first defeat under markus babbel , losing 4-0 at werder breme .
 critical south sudan talks begin in hopes of halting 'collapse ' <sec> new : the presidents of sudan and south sudan meet in juba .  talks between south sudan 's government and rebels begin in ethiopia .  south sudan erupted into violence in a december attempted coup .  violence has raged since ; both sides are now holding talks to seek a resolutio .
 cat control lead to eco disaster on world heritage island <sec> absence of cats left rabbit population to devastate macquarie island 's vegetation .  cats and rabbits are invasive species introduced to the island in 19th century .  sub-antarctic macquarie island provides cautionary tale of interventions and risk .
 fleetwood mac 's john mcvie diagnosed with cancer ; band cancels tour <sec> fleetwood mac was to tour australia and new zealand in november and december .  john mcvie will undergo cancer treatments over the next two months , group says .  no details of mcvie 's cancer were revealed .  original members returned to touring last april after a three-year brea .
 opinion : can big data transform social justice ? <sec> companies like facebook , target and google track consumer behaviors .  phillip goff says big data key to businesses ; it should also be used in social justice .  he says `` measuring fairness '' is not easy , but big data can give us useful info .  goff : tracking police stops and use of force may help us reduce racial disparitie .
 court : same-sex couples ca n't marry in michigan as appeal continues <sec> new : governor : rights tied to gay marriages that took place are `` suspended '' .  a judge had struck down michigan 's same-sex marriage ban .  scores of couples married before an appeals court issued a temporary stay .  that same appeals court continues its stay , meaning no more gay marriages -- for no .
 drunken moose ends up stuck in swedish apple tree <sec> `` i saw something really big up in a tree , '' per johansson says , `` and it was a moose '' .  a rescue team uses a winch to bring the moose down .  fermenting apples led to intoxication , a rescue official say .
 polar blast barrels across the united states <sec> the unusual weather is causing travel headaches .  it 's expected to shatter temperature records .  chicago public schools will be closed monday .  at least 13 deaths have been linked to the weathe .
 opinion : we have a once in a decade chance to protect our future <sec> world parks congress is held once every 10 years .  focus is on sustainable development and making natural resources a long-term asset .  chance to align goals with those from g20 meeting this wee .
 12th military member under investigation in scandal <sec> new : panetta says service members must meet the `` highest standards of conduct '' .  new : grassley questions white house counsel 's review .  the prostitution scandal has embarrassed the secret service and pentagon .  the white house says there is no indication any of its staff members were involve .
 commentary : mccain , obama fighting for middle-class voters <sec> roland s. martin : candidates offer anything and everything to snag middle class .  martin : `` pathetic pining and pandering for middle-class votes ... moronic '' .  martin : jobs , housing , health care , education are the big middle-class issue .
 sarkozy : tough in campaign , gracious in defeat <sec> french president nicolas sarkozy concedes defeat in re-election bid .  most of his economic reforms , such as raising retirement age were poorly received .  sarkozy was praised for sure-footed handling of toulouse shootings .  analysts say sarkozy received boost as shootings diverted attention from financial crisi .
 opinion : how we can help kids crossing the border <sec> sally kohn : unaccompanied children trying to cross the border increased by 90 % .  kohn : this is a humanitarian crisis , but republicans are turning it into a political crisis .  she says escalating violence in central america is driving the new wave of migrating kids .  kohn : immigration reform is not the cause of the southern border crisis , it 's the solutio .
 the year 's hottest , and creepiest , apps <sec> sonar , highlight and banjo are a new wave of social apps that were all the buzz at sxsw .  sonar shows who is chilling at hot spots near you and who you might be interested to meet .  highlight alerts you when people who share your interests are nearby .  banjo lets you see whatever content -- tweets , photos , etc . .  -- nearby users are sharin .
 united flight 1074 turns back after passenger subdued <sec> witness on plane says unruly passenger talked about someone trying to bring plane down .  another passenger tells cnn man said plane was going too slow .  airport spokeswoman : passenger not arrested or charged with a crime so fa .
 bronx kids tap potential through boatbuilding <sec> through adam green 's nonprofit , south bronx youths build boats from scratch .  rocking the boat allows them to develop self-confidence and communication skills .  it also allows the students to explore the bronx river , which boasts wildlife like fish and birds .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2014 cnn heroe .
 italy : suspects discussed vatican attack <sec> police : some suspects involved in pakistan blast that killed , injured more than 300 .  evidence suggests vatican was discussed as a possible target in march 2010 , police say .  state news : some members of alleged terrorist cell had direct contact with osama bin lade .
 oakland college shooting suspect not eating in jail , saying he feels 'shame ' <sec> one goh , 43 , is charged with seven counts of murder in mass shooting at oikos university .  goh drinks fluids but is n't eating while being held in jail without bond , sheriff 's office says .  goh tells jailers he 's feeling `` shame '' without elaborating .  goh is also charged with three counts of attempted murde .
 digitally remastered beatles coming in september <sec> the beatles ' remastered catalogue will be released in september .  release includes all 12 beatles albums and two later works .  beatles expert says music now more accessible to digital music fans .  release date of 09/09/09 could be a nod to `` one after 909 '' son .
 a taxing time for french football ? <sec> english club newcastle has welcomed an influx of french footballers to premier league .  several french stars looking abroad with government planning to raise taxes .  former newcastle defender didier domi backs french revolution at club .  french mp labels tax exodus from her homeland as a `` misconception .
 spring 2015 fashion forecast <sec> fashion forecasters predict spring collections will channel the 1970s .  culottes , a wide-leg , cropped and airy style of pants , will be a key piece .  new york fashion week runs from september 4 to 11 .  spring/summer 2015 collections will be showcased during the even .
 it 's not christmas without glitter <sec> glittered holiday decor has `` really exploded this year , '' says jo pearson of michael 's stores .  glitter-loving crafters have more options for glitter application than ever before .  glass glitter from germany has a unique look , but it can tarnis .
 more raised for ferguson officer than teen <sec> supporters of officer darren wilson donate $ 235,000 for him , as of friday afternoon .  that compares with $ 165,000 raised for michael brown 's family over more time .  firm conclusions for the disparity are hard to draw .  comments online reflect a variety of views on cas .
 u.n. delegates walk out during iranian president 's speech <sec> new : obama found the speech `` outrageous and offensive , '' the white house says .  mahmoud ahmadinejad 's address included 9/11 conspiracy theories .  delegates from u.s. , britain , sweden , australia and spain walked out on the speech .  the iranian president also linked wars in iraq and afghanistan to colonial expansio .
 ethan did n't have to die <sec> bob greene : ethan , 4 , died on custody visit to mother and her boyfriend .  father said ethan did not want to go ; father did not want to send him , greene writes .  boy 's disfigured body found , police say mother and boyfriend 's story fell apar .
 iraq leaders ' deal on power sharing appears to fall apart <sec> eight months of bickering and paralysis had appeared to end in a power-sharing agreement .  but that agreement appeared to fall apart late thursday when the sunni-backed bloc walked out .  `` it is like assembling a car with different parts and hoping it will work , '' a legislator say .
 5 things to know about measles <sec> 175 measles cases have been reported so far this year in the u.s . .  measles continues to kill an estimated 164,000 people worldwide each year .  92 % of measles victims this year were not vaccinated or had unknown vaccine statu .
 satellite images suggest north korean working on missiles , group says <sec> north korea has carried out at least 2 rocket motor tests since april , website says .  it cites commercial satellite imagery that shows activity at a launch site .  a failed rocket launch by the north in april scuppered a food aid deal with the u.s . .  the academic website sees the possibility of rocket and nuclear tests in 201 .
 kanu : 'people are always afraid of nigeria and it 's not right ' <sec> nigerian born striker nwankwo kanu is africa 's most decorated footballer .  he has played for ajax , inter milan , arsenal and is captain of nigeria 's super eagles .  he believes the pre-conceived notions of his country are wron .
 aclu weighs in on texas polygamist custody case <sec> american civil liberties union : children 's fundamental rights may have been violated .  aclu statement did not give specific instances of human rights violations .  judge ordered 416 children from polygamist ranch kept in state custod .
 bringing song to obama 's inauguration , students savor fame <sec> singing atlanta schoolkids perform at inauguration festivities .  `` i have a sleepy energy , '' one 6th-grader says of the group 's packed schedule .  ron clark academy singers gained fame for their `` vote however you like '' song .  they have written another song , `` dear obama , '' which offers advice to the presiden .
 are more women ok with watching porn ? <sec> porn reviewer : for me , the real problem with most porn is its hokeyness .  hustler video exec : women account for 56 percent of business at company .  critic : porn exploits and discriminates against women , and encourages rap .
 the group that could help defeat isis behemoth ( opinion ) <sec> barak barfi : as airstrikes against isis fail , washington should look to syrian kurds .  isis is strongest force in northern , eastern syria , he says ; islamist rivals are weakened .  he says kurds eager to fight , can supply the kind of order isis brings to conquered cities .  barfi : do n't rely on free syrian army ; kurds ' objectives more in line with d.c . ' .
 former congressman charlie wilson dead at 76 <sec> wilson complained of difficulty breathing while in meeting , hospital says .  12-term congressman died at lufkin , texas , hospital .  2007 movie depicted his efforts to arm afghan mujahedeen .  he served texas ' 2nd congressional distric .
 brazil 's idea for future mobility : the good old bus <sec> the future of travel in cities could be to take the bus . .  bus rapid transit systems ( brts ) are cheap , efficient ways to travel . .  brts are cheaper to build than traditional subway systems . .  over 2 million people use the rede integrada de transporte in curitiba each day .
