 english football association issues 'yid ' warning <sec> english football fans could face criminal charges for using an offensive term .  the football association is warned fans not to use the term `` yid '' .  the word has been used by jews and to insult them throughout history .  english premier league club tottenham hotspur has a large jewish fan bas .
 u.s. open to 'more constructive relationship ' with venezuela <sec> white house interested in policies that promote democratic principles .  source says expulsion of two u.s. military aides `` not a sign of strength '' .  obama administration wants elections to be `` free and fair and credible , '' source says .  venezuelan president hugo chavez died after a long fight with cance .
 review : 'titanic 3d ' is a work of art <sec> james cameron has once again engineered the rare effective use of 3-d technology .  critic : [ `` titanic '' is ] the only disaster film in history that can truly be called a work of art .  kate winslet , as the adventurous rich girl rose , is heartbreakingly lovely and determine .
 10 weirdest zoo animal escapes <sec> rusty the red panda was found yesterday after a brief escape from the national zoo .  rusty joins an elite group of crafty animals that eluded captivity .  a bronx zoo cobra 's escape in 2011 captivated social media outlets .  follow cnn living on facebook and twitte .
 u.s. muslims pen strategy to wrest 'narrative ' from militants <sec> group wants police , u.s. muslim leaders to thwart emergence of homegrown terrorists .  report , cites fort hood tragedy , americans ' arrest in pakistan , somali-americans ' arrest .  study says police must undo community distrust , which it calls a barrier to outreach .  muslim leaders asked to engage youths on social networking sites and in other social circle .
 classmates : hasan defended suicide bombings , held islamist views <sec> new : defense secretary gates : leaks should stop , because they might jeopardize probe .  medical school classmates : hasan espoused islamist views in class .  hasan said his allegiance was to sharia law , not the u.s. , source says .  hasan charged with murder , accused of killing 13 at fort hood last wee .
 rooney defiant as city appeal against kompany red card <sec> wayne rooney insists that he did not influence the referee 's decision to send off opponent .  manchester city appeal against red card shown to captain vincent kompany on sunday .  belgium defender was dismissed in 12th minute of city 's 3-2 fa cup third-round defeat .  he could miss city 's next four matches following his second such offense this seaso .
 spending cut . now , gop , where are the jobs ? <sec> jim carr : forced spending cuts are now under way . .  where will the jobs come from ? .  he says cuts will cause pain in u.s. households ; economists say more than 700,000 jobs lost .  he says at the same time corporate earnings up , widening gap between rich , poor .  carr : cuts do n't address any debt crisis ; what 's needed is investment in job-buildin .
 new life for disabled indian boy tied to a mumbai pole <sec> cnn met lakhan kale on the pavement in mumbai where he lived with his grandmother .  she had tied him to a pole to stop the deaf and mute boy from running into traffic .  people emailed and phoned asking how they could help him .  lakhan was taken in by sspm , a non-governmental organizatio .
 tests reveal former nfl player suffered from brain disease <sec> david duerson shot himself in the chest in february .  he wanted his brain tissue to be studied .  tests reveal he was suffering from chronic traumatic encephalopathy .  the disease is known to afflict athletes exposed to repeated brain traum .
 woman slashes children 's throats to quiet them <sec> christina booth is charged with attempted murder after admitting slashing her three young children , police say .  she 's being treated for postpartum depression and says she slashed the children to silence them for her husband , authorities say .  the children are stable after surgery ; booth is being held on $ 3 million bail , station report .
 alan barnes : more than $ 452k raised for mugging victim <sec> a disabled pensioner from the north east of england was mugged and left with a broken collar bone .  after reading his story on a british website , beautician katie cutler organized an online fundraising page to fund his new home .  donations have surpassed £300k ( $ 452k ) and are growing , as well as offers to fit a kitchen and decorate his hom .
 police continue lockdown amid outrage over gang rape <sec> new delhi 's government district is still under a lockdown .  the lockdown did not stop protests in other areas monday .  protesters demonstrate after the gang rape of a woman on a bus .  police say the woman was badly beaten and left for dea .
 jeb bush launches leadership pac <sec> former florida gov . .  jeb bush launched the `` right to rise pac '' on tuesday .  he shared a video on social media in spanish and in english , and joined instagra .
 black-belt shopping strategies <sec> style experts jesse garza and joe lupo help you shop like a ninja .  comparison shop online before you set foot in a store .  mondays are great for stealth shopping -- they 're the quietest shopping da .
 preliminary charges dropped against spain 's princess <sec> the charges stemmed from a corruption case involving the princess ' husband .  it was the first time since 1975 a member of the royal family faced preliminary charges .  princess cristina 's husband is being investigated in a financial corruption cas .
 alonso doubles up in spain to reclaim world championship lead <sec> fernando alonso wins european grand prix in valencia .  spaniard is first two-time winner of 2012 f1 season .  sebastian vettel retires while leading in his red bull .  michael schumacher on the podium for first time since his comebac .
 u.s. should take tough stance on iran , syria <sec> eric cantor : iran 's determination for nuclear weapons capability is an urgent threat .  cantor : we can exert stronger pressure on iran through financial sanctions .  he says we should combat iranian influence throughout the middle east .  there 's no substitute for american leadership in this critical region , he say .
 dot moves to ban e-cigarettes on planes <sec> government proposes to explicitly ban the use of electronic cigarettes on planes .  e-cigarettes look like the real thing , but they 're actually battery-operated devices .  there 's been confusion whether they 're covered by the dot 's ban on smoking .  some airline passengers have been `` vaping '' on planes despite the ba .
 eerie figure haunts scottish castle <sec> photograph taken by christopher aitchison in may 2008 at tantallon castle .  the `` person '' appears to be wearing an old-style greenish ruff around the neck .  aitchison insists he did not tamper with the image .  picture made public by a psychology professor who studies the paranorma .
 country profile : thailand <sec> thailand is a constitutional monarchy that borders malaysia , myanmar , laos and cambodia .  the country has the second biggest economy in the southeast asian region .  thailand has overcome political violence , military coups and natural disasters in recent year .
 study finds troops shy away from mental health care <sec> new : gates to announce efforts urging troops to seek more mental care .  military personnel fear seeking help for mental health problems could harm careers .  apa survey : 3 out of 5 military members fear consequences of getting help .  rand corp. study : 1 in 5 afghanistan or iraq war vets has psychiatric problem .
 supreme court to hear arguments on case involving violent video games <sec> a 2005 california state law is in limbo pending the supreme court 's ruling .  the law would have banned the sale or rental of games considered excessively violent .  such games let players kill , maim , dismember or sexually assault human image .
 north korea says it wants 'to create an atmosphere of reconciliation ' <sec> new : south korea says the north needs to show its sincere through action .  u.s. admiral says joint military exercises with south korea wo n't be called off .  north says it wants to `` halt hostile military acts , '' reunite families , improve ties with south .  letter blasts `` foreign forces , '' says south should have embraced its plan .
 endangered islands <sec> pacific nation tuvalu feeling the effects of climate change , sea level rising fast .  japanese activist drawing attention to its plight by taking photos of islanders .  tuvalu sent its own ambassador to the united nations to raise awareness .  island nation seeking aid to invest in renewable energy , infrastructur .
 man mauled to death at ving rhames ' home <sec> dogs kill man at ving rhames ' l.a. house .  man was caretaker at house .  rhames , known for `` mission : impossible , '' not at home when attack occurre .
 abba to release first new song in 18 years <sec> `` from a twinkling star to a passing angel , '' will be the first new abba recording released .  the new version of `` the visitors '' will also include six previously released tracks .  abba disbanded in 1982 and have since refused to reunit .
 louisville flooding : knee-deep water could get worse <sec> more than 80 people have been evacuated from their homes , an emergency official says .  jefferson county , including louisville international airport , is under a flash flood warning .  more rain could fall on sunda .
 hometown republicans praise cuomo , liberal leader <sec> empire state republicans were among those praising mario cuomo who died thursday .  cuomo was governor of new york for three terms and seen as a leader on the lef .
 bodies found on funeral home property in rhode island <sec> funeral director alfred pennine was improperly storing bodies , providence police say .  6 bodies found in garage at funeral parlor after pennine killed himself in july , police say .  three other bodies were found in nearby storage unit .  investigators say pennine was taking clients ' money , then not properly disposing of bodie .
 arizona forestry faces $ 559,000 fine over deadly yarnell hill fire <sec> the arizona division of forestry has been hit with penalties related to the deaths of 19 firefighters .  the $ 559,000 fine was levied by state occupational health and safety officials .  it included a $ 25,000 fine for each firefighter killed in the yarnel hill fire .  the state forestry division has 15 days to appeal the citation .
 that 's amore ! alternatives to italy 's romance hotspots <sec> snap up tickets for summer operas and ballets for as little as 10 euros in verona .  flee the flocks of visitors in central venice with a summer ferry excursion to the lido .  get a view of vatican city all to yourselves by heading to the dome of st peter 's basilica earl .
 woods moves ahead of nicklaus with at & t ; win at congressional <sec> tiger woods wins at & t national for third win on pga tour in seven starts .  woods pulls clear of jack nicklaus for second place on all-time list .  woods is eight short of the 82 wins of legendary sam snead .  woods targeting 15th major in british open at lytham later this mont .
 opinion : sex ring sting does n't go far enough <sec> david finkelhor : fbi , partners arrest 150 alleged pimps in child prostitution sweep .  he says problem more complex than arrest of pimps -- many child prostitutes are free agents .  he says policies , policing must address root of problem : neglect , sexual abuse at home .  finkelhor : programs that provide rehab programs , support can help prevent youths revertin .
 10 ways to put brakes on mass shootings in schools <sec> shooting in newtown , connecticut , gets readers talking about ways to prevent incidents .  many debate whether guns should be more or less available .  security , mental health , parenting and violence in media also come up . .  share your idea .
 moroccan youth to rally against corruption <sec> the group fevrier 20 calls for nationwide demonstrations sunday .  most moroccans believe graft is a key issue .  king 's plan for political overhaul applauded by world leaders .  but many citizens are skeptical about real reform .
 penn . schools reopen as hunt for eric frein continues <sec> opening of roads and school brings relief to those near pennsylvania manhunt .  eric matthew frein , a self-styled survivalist is believed to be hiding in the woods .  investigators monday discovered ak-47 and ammo they say belong to frein .  frein is wanted for killing one pennsylvania state police officer and shooting anothe .
 legal battle over forest is victory for paraguayan indians <sec> totobiegosode tribe is among last uncontacted indians in south america .  ruling revokes permit for brazilian company to clear forest .  activists undertook legal fight without totobiegosodes ' knowledge .  tribe has lost nearly 15,000 acres of land this yea .
 hijacked ships released off somalia <sec> hijacked chinese bulk carrier de xin hai released off coast of somalia .  singapore-flagged kota wajar also released .  the de xin hai , with crew of 25 , was hijacked in october by pirate group in indian ocea .
 why malala should not be turned into modern joan of arc <sec> the ideal of childhood is a central pillar of both our morality and our legal code , keen says .  keen : last few weeks brought two more high-profile criminal cases against children .  unfortunately , malala was allowed to become a spokesman against the taliban , he says .  our ideal of childhood is rooted in allowing children to develop themselves , keen say .
 family of merrill newman , detained in north korea , begs for release <sec> merrill newman of palo alto , california , was pulled off a plane in pyongyang .  north korea has not publicly said why it is holding newman .  `` we 're missing you , and we want you home , '' his wife tells cn .
 facebook e-mail is going away -- in case you notice <sec> `` it 's a little bit of bowing to the inevitable , '' analyst says .  facebook plans to pulls the plug on its e-mail service in march .  few of its 1.2 billion users used the service , the social media giant says .  messages from those accounts will be forwarded to a user 's primary e-mai .
 before weight loss , 'every beat of my heart hurt ' <sec> doctors encouraged christie morgan to have gastric bypass surgery , which she resisted .  when she was 45 years old , morgan weighed 403 pounds .  she says she did n't want to be an observer of life anymore but a participant .  in two years , morgan has dropped 289 pounds without surger .
 aaron hernandez scores pretrial wins <sec> a judge throws out as evidence text messages sent by the homicide victim .  massachusetts judge also says prosecutors may not tell jurors about two other murder cases .  judge susan garsh rules out testimony about hernandez 's shooting of former friend .  hernandez 's murder trial is scheduled to begin next mont .
 southern sudan to review oil contracts , minister says <sec> the oil-rich land is on the verge of independence from the north .  the company that holds the rights to one of its biggest oil blocks is n't developing it , official says .  southern sudan needs foreign investment to develop an infrastructur .
 royal welcome for middletons this christmas ? <sec> some newspapers suggest queen will invite middletons to sandringham for christmas .  victoria arbiter says such an offer would break with all royal traditions .  christmas is one area where queen is unlikely to break with tradition , she add .
 betrayal of trust ? allegations of rape at west point , annapolis <sec> suit names academies ' superintendents , army , navy and former dod secretaries .  karley marquet and annie kendzior both say they were raped at service academies .  both say they believed their cases were being investigated , but they were n't .  defense secretary announces new policies for sexual assault report .
 attorney : bernard madoff will not attend son 's funeral <sec> new : `` he will be conducting a private service on his own , '' lawyer says .  mark madoff 's death was ruled a suicide by the new york medical examiner 's office .  mark madoff 's body was found saturday , two years after father 's arres .
 picking on society 's most vulnerable <sec> david perry : governors are making the wrong choice by aiming to cut disability programs and benefits .  he says new illinois governor is among those making short-sighted decision .
 tens of thousands demonstrate against nuclear power in japan <sec> protesters spill out of large open space in central tokyo .  anti-nuclear demonstrations are gaining momentum in japan .  the country recently restarted the first nuclear reactor since the fukushima crisi .
 ike ignites into 'extremely dangerous ' category 4 hurricane <sec> new : ike goes from 80-mph winds to 135-mph winds in six hours .  hanna to pound bahamas , could regain hurricane strength .  hanna expected to make u.s. landfall by friday or saturda .
 christina aguilera taken into custody after companion 's arrest <sec> new : aguilera was arrested , but authorities wo n't prosecute , spokesman says .  new : she was put in a jail cell to sober up overnight .  aguilera 's rumored boyfriend was arrested on suspicion of du .
 ryan gosling and eva mendes : oh baby <sec> people magazine reports the couple is expecting .  neither gosling nor mendes has commented .  the internet had fun with the repor .
 limassol , cyprus : the coolest little carnival outside rio ? <sec> dazzling limassol carnival is cyprus 's liveliest event .  roots may go back to festival of dionysus , ancient god of wine .  carnival specializes in political satire -- angela merkel had her own float last yea .
 tv show set shakes as house blast sparks fire through neighborhood <sec> 2 people are in critical condition at a san antonio hospital burn unit .  the explosion and fire destroyed 3 homes , damaged 70 , the red cross says .  cnn affiliate was on air when the blast occurred nearby .  local and state investigators are working to determine the cause of the blas .
 strike in france expected to ground many overseas flights <sec> new : air france says despite strike , 70 % of long-haul service was in operation .  french air transport workers are on strike through thursday .  the workers are protesting a draft law that requires a 48-hour notice before a strik .
 after 31 years , fugitive arrested at florida senior community <sec> mark phillips fled his trial in 1979 .  he was convicted in absentia .  authorities tracked him to chile and germany .  upon arrest , phillips said , `` the judge wants to see me from 30 years ago ? .
 accident at arkansas nuclear site kills man <sec> accident at water reactor took place `` in a non-radiation area , '' officials say .  officials say `` no risk to public health and safety '' has been identified .  no information has been released concerning how victim wade walters was kille .
 review : 'bruno ' no 'borat ' but still outrageous <sec> `` bruno '' is sacha baron cohen 's new film ; he plays gay fashionista .  film attempts to show homophobia but in some cases pushes too hard .  still , last scene makes it worth it , says reviewer tom charit .
 etch a sketch creator andre cassagnes dies <sec> andrã© cassagnes came up with the drawing toy .  he died january 16 in a paris suburb .  the etch a sketch made its debut at a european toy fair in 1959 .  the toy 's `` magic screen '' is on the `` century of toys '' lis .
 cute alert as taiwan 's first giant panda cub goes on show <sec> first giant panda born on taiwan unveiled to public at six months old .  10,000 visitors queue to catch glimpse of baby bear yuan zai .  panda species , endemic to sichuan province , is endangered in wil .
 after 35 years , 'fatal vision ' author , killer meet again <sec> author joe mcginniss wrote about jeffrey macdonald in 'fatal vision ' .  former green beret doctor was convicted in 1979 of killing pregnant wife , daughters .  macdonald maintains his innocence , accuses author of betraying him .  mcginniss was a witness against macdonald at recent court appea .
 your 'good drone ' idea could be worth $ 1m <sec> the uae launched the drones for good award last month .  they 're seeking ideas on how unmanned aerial vehicles can better the world .  dubai is hoping to use drones for government service .
 teaching kids to read from the back of a burro <sec> teacher uses donkeys to bring mobile library to children in rural colombia .  more than 4,000 youngsters have benefited since the program began in 1990 .  children get homework help , learn to read or listen to stories and geography lessons .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2010 cnn heroe .
