 'che ' film gets thumbs up in cuba <sec> `` che '' stars oscar winner benicio del toro in the title role .  the official mouthpiece of the cuban government gives del toro a glowing review .  the movie played sunday at havana 's karl marx theater .  `` che '' will have a limited opening in the united states on frida .
 republican investigation releases findings on benghazi <sec> the report is `` one component of continuing comprehensive benghazi related oversight '' .  it looked into the defense department 's response to the attacks in benghazi , libya .  house republicans conducted the investigatio .
 7 social media resolutions for 2014 <sec> the dawn of a new year is also a good time for a digital makeover .  adopt a savvier approach to how you use facebook , twitter , instagram .  pew survey : 73 % of online u.s. adults are active on social medi .
 china to hand out its own peace prize <sec> the confucius peace prize comes with $ 15,000 .  the group releases a vaguely-worded statement on the criteria it uses .  this year 's nominees include nelson mandela .  china has responded furiously to the nobel committee 's decision to honor li .
 throwable all-seeing eye could save lives <sec> u.s. graduate francisco aguilar invents throwable camera called the bounce imaging explorer .  the shock absorbent baseball-sized tool can be thrown into hostile situations to assess risk .  it is a low-cost piece of equipment that could help first responders in developing countrie .
 prince charles : arabic is tough to learn <sec> at a networking event , the prince complimented guests ' impeccable english .  qatar 's energy minister asked if charles spoke any arabic .  he said he was learning but it was not eas .
 son claims body of professor accused in killings <sec> new : son from previous marriage claims university of georgia professor 's body .  acquaintances , colleagues remember george zinkhan as eccentric , aloof .  neighbor : children unaware of mother 's slaying ; daughter mentioned `` firecracker '' .  student , colleague both thought zinkhan may be dangerous before triple killin .
 el salvador says dozens of immigrants abducted from train in mexico <sec> el salvador says it has evidence that 50 migrants were kidnapped in mexico .  mexico has not confirmed the incident , which allegedly occurred in oaxaca state .  a priest who runs a shelter for immigrants first reported the story this week .  priest says immigrants believe kidnappers were with the zetas drug carte .
 number of americans in same-sex marriage states more than doubles <sec> new : the number of people living in states covered by same-sex marriage doubles .  catholic bishops in new york rebuke same-sex marriage law .  same-sex couples can get married in new york within 30 days .  law provides hundreds of other state benefits formerly out of reac .
 at least 4 people shot at a texas walmart <sec> the early morning shooting took place in a parking lot .  no walmart employees or customers were wounded .  police say they have a suspect in custod .
 nutritionist : jackson begged for sedatives for insomnia <sec> new : lawyer : nurse never saw jackson take , be administered drug .  jackson said `` i just want to be able to be knocked out and go to sleep , '' nurse said .  cherilyn lee : i told jackson `` if you take this you might not wake up '' .  sedative jackson requested given through iv as anesthetic during surgerie .
 washington state police on manhunt after multiple shots fired from woods <sec> a man tells police he was shot in the leg in a town north of seattle .  a swat team responding to the scene comes under fire , and its vehicle is hit .  `` there was someone in the woods shooting at either vehicles or people , '' police say .  roads have been closed as authorities hunt for the suspec .
 egyptian parties split on agreement with military council <sec> an agreement between military council and parties does n't go far enough , one critic says .  another party official says it is a `` positive step toward true democracy '' .  the agreement opens more egyptian parliament seats to parties .  it also includes a promise to consider dropping the unpopular emergency la .
 wikileaks source manning gets 35 years , will seek pardon <sec> new : manning 's leaks did `` vast damage '' and deserved more prison time , lawmaker says .  manning will seek a pardon , says he acted `` out of a love for my country '' .  assange says case will yield `` a thousand more bradley mannings '' .  prosecutors said manning was arrogant and showed `` extreme disregard .
 squeeze on lemonade stand brings out supporters <sec> a neighbor complained that 12-year-old 's lemonade stand was a nuisance .  the city of dunedin has rallied around the boy 's entrepreneurial spirit .  city manager said an investigation found the stand did not cause any nuisanc .
 how to respond to online haters <sec> a good and bad thing about the internet is that it encourages everyone to have an opinion .  unfriend passive-aggressive facebookers who are n't really your friends .  as a general rule , do n't engage trolls who send you a mean e-mail or flame you on your blo .
 bomb threat forces evacuations at ohio college campus <sec> new : stark state college cleared for normal operations , school 's website says .  new : white powder found in letter received by ohio state university professor .  new : hazmat teams sent to osu detected no harmful readings from powder .  fine arts building closed at kent state university at stark , that school 's website say .
 venus williams overcomes sister serena in rogers cup <sec> venus williams defeats her sister serena in rogers cup semifinal .  venus had n't beaten serena in a competitive match since 2009 .  serena took first set but venus battled back to win 6-7 ( 7/2 ) 6-2 6- .
 s.c. school reopens after student opens fire , devices found <sec> new : devices identified as pipe bombs .  several devices found in south carolina school after shooting .  male student detained by polic .
 kinect helps tv shows talk to your kid <sec> using the kinect motion sensor , kids can interact with two popular tv shows .  characters in the shows will talk to viewers and have them participate in show activities .  microsoft 's kinect system employs a voice-recognition featur .
 federer looking for first swedish title <sec> roger federer faces florian mayer in the final of the stockholm open on sunday .  world no . .  2 looking to add to his australian open and cincinnati masters trophies .  last year 's stockholm champion marcos baghdatis reaches final of kremlin cup .  world no . .  6 victoria azarenka plays maria kirilenko in women 's final in mosco .
 5 cool things dna testing can do <sec> james watson and francis crick discovered the double helix in 1953 .  in 2003 , scientists completed the human genome project .  dna today can tell us everything from paternity to risk factors for chronic diseas .
 flood rescue in india and pakistan hampered <sec> new : death toll in india and pakistan is more than 400 .  pakistan disaster agency representative : `` the major peak is still to pass '' .  most casualties are in indian-administered kashmir and pakistan-administered kashmir .  main indian-kashmir city of srinagar deluged by floodwate .
 gulf oil spill is worst in u.s. history , estimates suggest <sec> gulf spill significantly larger than exxon valdez accident of 1989 , estimates indicate .  government scientists estimate oil gushing much faster than previously thought .  two teams used different methods to estimate flow .  new : amount of oil spilled could have ramifications if bp is found negligen .
 santorum hails delayed iowa victory as 'huge upset ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> santorum says he learned of the revised result before dawn thursday .  santorum finishes with a 34-vote advantage over mitt romney in iowa .  romney calls santorum , but campaigns differ on whether it was to concede .  romney was thought to have won the caucuses by eight vote .
 2 die , 305 survive after airliner crash lands at san francisco airport <sec> `` it could have been much worse , '' san francisco 's mayor says .  asiana airlines ' flight 214 was arriving from seoul when it crashed .  182 people total were treated at local hospitals ; 123 were uninjured , says officials .  everyone who had been on the plane is now accounted fo .
 michael lohan arrested in domestic dispute , police say <sec> new : michael lohan will remain in the hospital for at least 24 hours .  new : his condition is unrelated to the incident , police say .  lohan was arrested in west hollywood late monday .  his former fiancee confirms she is the alleged victi .
 health is about being honest with yourself <sec> stacy mantooth has seen improvements in his endurance and mental toughness .  he also has a better body composition but says he still has work to do .  mantooth has more goals to accomplish after crossing the malibu triathlon finish lin .
 wrestlers grapple with problems in , out of the ring <sec> eddie fatu 's death highlights trend of pro wrestlers dying young , sports blogger says .  rigors of sport have increased compared to days of capt . .  lou albano , who died this year at 76 .  friend : like many wrestlers , fatu did not have health insuranc .
 we drive : new bmw m3 <sec> fourth generation bmw m3 coupe .  power from 420bhp v8 engine .  target market 31-50 year old males in multi-automobile household .
 oas lifts 47-year-old suspension of cuba <sec> oas revokes a 1962 decision suspending cuba 's membership .  the 35-member organization of american states met this week in honduras .  u.s. had led push toward the 1962 suspension during cold war 's height .  u.s. secretary of state hillary clinton says she 's `` pleased '' with the outcom .
 israeli ambassador defends netanyahu 's congress speech - cnnpolitics.com <sec> ambassador : netanyahu 's march visit `` is not intended to show any disrespect for president obama '' .  netanyahu 's goal , he says , is `` to speak up when there is still time to make a difference .
 kentucky hospital settles lawsuit pediatric heart surgery program <sec> university of kentucky settles case over release of safety data .  kentucky 's attorney general asked hospital to release program 's mortality rate .  hospital declined , saying that doing so would violate privacy laws .  mortality data has since been released , but not documents relating to evaluation of progra .
 florida teen 's shooting by watchman questioned <sec> trayvon martin , 17 , was walking to a home in a gated community .  the neighborhood watch captain says he shot the unarmed martin in self-defense .  some sanford , florida , residents say they think there is more to the stor .
 russian lesbians take selfie with anti-gay lawmaker <sec> russian politician behind anti-gay propaganda law pictured in photograph of two women kissing .  vitaly milonov behind law that bans `` propaganda of non-traditional sexual relations among minors '' .  spotting him on their flight , two lesbian activists kissed , took a selfie and uploaded it to instagra .
 review : 'the darkness ii ' is a solid shooter , and you get four arms <sec> players control jackie estacado , a crime boss .  the darkness gets released and helps jackie fight the brotherhood .  the game is a first-person shooter that adds in the demon arm .
 sports stars , announcers reach fans on twitter <sec> more pro athletes are using twitter to share their thoughts and experiences with fans .  popular and prolific twitterers include shaquille o'neal and lance armstrong .  sports announcers use twitter to share behind-the-scenes details with fans .  tnt has 11 broadcasters tweeting during the current nba playoff .
 a look back : key events in myanmar 's history <sec> myanmar has been under military rule since 1962 .  junta-ruled country to hold first elections in 20 years .  democracy icon aung san suu kyi not allowed to run .  her party won a landslide victory in 1990 , but junta rejected result .
 hong kong tightens bird flu defenses <sec> hong kong officials step up testing at entry points from mainland china .  millions of chinese expected to travel to hong kong for labor day break .  infrared thermometers are used to detect higher temperatures in tourists .  number of infection cases in china is 124 , including one in taiwa .
 opinion : when is facebook not messing with your head ? <sec> david weinberger : many angry over facebook 's psychological experiment on users in 2012 .  he says it was only a more intrusive version of what fb and other websites do all the time .  fb decides what we 'll know about friends based on what profits fb , he says .  weinberger : facebook could use this control to better society , but the bottom line comes firs .
 lawyer for jolie 's body double : more hacking cases against news corp . <sec> lawyer norman siegel says `` a bunch of people '' have contacted his team .  eunice huthart served as angelina jolie 's body double .  in her suit , huthart says intercepted and missed calls from jolie caused marital strife .  a news corp. spokesman has no commen .
 mikaela shiffrin : 13-year-old who made ski champion cry <sec> olympic ski champion mikaela shiffrin forms bond with swedish girl .  emma lundell was 11 and suffering from leukemia when she met shiffrin .  lundell , now 13 , is recovering well and hails shiffrin as her inspiration .  shiffrin says lundell reminds her of the impact she and her sport can hav .
 manchester city 's spending spree continues as milner signs <sec> manchester city complete the signing of james milner .  england international milner signs five-year deal with city .  stephen ireland joins aston villa as part of milner dea .
 car crash leaves australian woman with french accent <sec> car crash eight years ago left aussie woman speaking with a french accent .  foreign accent syndrome is extremely rare ; only a few dozen known cases worldwide .  researchers say condition is caused by damage to brain 's motor functions .  therapy , new treatments may help patients ' accents return to norma .
 nadine angerer : <sec> veteran german goalkeeper has won world cup twice , once as reserve , once as a player .  angerer shot to fame at 2007 world cup breaking world record time for not conceding a goal .  she went 540 minutes without letting in a goal and saved a penalty in the final .  in january 2013 , the 36-year-old became first goalkeeper to win the fifa ballon d'o .
 video captures beating of college student in atlantic city <sec> a video captures connor castellani yelling and gesturing at officers outside a casino .  then atlantic city officers tackle him , hit him with clubs , according to the video .  a police dog bites at the man 's neck and drags him to the curb , according to the video .  the man is suing , the police chief says he is `` absolutely '' standing by his officer .
 late dempsey goal dents chelsea 's champions league ambitions <sec> frank lampard scores his 150th premier league goal in 1-1 draw with fulham .  draw keeps chelsea two points behind a champions league qualifying place .  tottenham hotspur lose 2-1 at home to norwich city ; newcastle coast past bolton 2- .
 'grace kelly 's ' mika confesses awkward youth <sec> mika 's new album is `` the boy who knew too much '' .  singer of `` grace kelly '' says album is about awkward times as youth .  he 's had great success now , almost recorded new album in plush mansion .  mother said he should n't , that comfort would make the album wors .
 iran 's hypocrisy in condemning u.s. racism ( opinion ) <sec> iran 's supreme leader ali khamenei posts tweets condemning u.s. police , racism .  michael rubin : his action was ridiculous , but it serves as a teachable moment .  in america , we can speak truth to power without fear or risk of torture , not so with iranians .  rubin : shining a spotlight on iranian racism is the rule rather than the exceptio .
 cuban doctors battle to control cholera outbreak <sec> initial cases appeared to be food poisoning , epidemiologist says .  then more patients showed up who had not eaten same food .  cuba 's last cholera outbreak was more than 100 years ago .  outbreak seems to be losing strength , doctor say .
 all blacks avoid england in 2015 rugby world cup draw <sec> all blacks drawn with argentina and tonga in draw for 2015 rugby world cup .  tournament hosts england in toughest pool along with australia and wales .  south africa , the 2007 champions , will line up against samoa and scotland .  last year 's runners-up france will take on ireland and italy in group .
 lugar 's loss further polarizes u.s. senate <sec> richard lugar 's primary defeat is the latest blow to the political center in the u.s. senate .  nearly half a dozen moderate senators in both parties are retiring this year .  richard mourdock , who defeated lugar , advocates confrontation over compromise .  after conceding defeat , lugar slammed mourdock 's approac .
 imdb 's vision : offer streaming for every title <sec> imdb hopes to add one-button streaming for all of the 1.3 million titles it indexes .  imdb founder col needham outlined this vision monday at the sxsw festival .  the vision is a long-term one and faces hurdles from movie-content owners .  imdb has 57 million monthly unique visitor .
 opinion : why elizabeth wo n't give up her throne <sec> king juan carlos , 76 , of spain said he will abdicate the throne and pass the crown to his son .  queen elizabeth shows no inclination to step down for prince charles or prince william .  arianne chernock : historically , british monarchs stay on their thrones until they die .  chernock : monarchy is about perseverance ; princes might have a long wai .
 higgins wins irish presidential election <sec> michael d. higgins is elected ireland 's new president .  he is to be ireland 's ninth head of state .  president mary mcaleese has been head of state 14 years .  she completed two seven-year term .
 how the right helped launch same-sex marriage movement <sec> michael dorf and sidney tarrow : how did gay marriage issue move to forefront so quickly ? .  they say lgbt people had been quiet on it ; issue came up when hawaii court ruled for it .  they say conservatives pushed back hard , and the marriage equality movement started .  writers : if right had n't brought national opposition , issue would have remained under the rada .
 the top 10 video games of 2011 <sec> 2011 brought plenty of great video games ; our gaming writer reveals his 10 favorites .  `` portal 2 , '' `` batman : arkham city '' and `` the elder scrolls v : skyrim '' top the list .  also ranked : `` little big planet 2 , '' `` la noire '' and `` uncharted 3 : drake 's deception .
 are you a window flier or aisle seater ? <sec> what does airline seating choice say about you ? .  some airlines charging more for choice window seats .  window seat culture includes erykah badu , william shatner .  pilots offer tips on best window seats and scenic route .
 bill clinton has most lucrative year on speech circuit <sec> former president clinton earned $ 13.4 million in speaking fees in 2011 .  clinton has earned $ 89 million for speeches since he left the white house in 2001 .  largest sum in 2011 was $ 750,000 for telecom giant ericsson in hong kong .  clinton is subject to disclosure requirements because wife , hillary , is secretary of stat .
 japan outclass denmark to join dutch in last 16 <sec> japan produce stunning performance to beat denmark 3-1 in rustenburg .  netherlands beat cameroon 2-1 in cape town to continue 100 percent record .  japan to meet paraguay , netherlands to face slovakia in last 1 .
 'cell phone ' spotted in silent film from 1928 <sec> internet writers say they 've spotted a `` cell phone '' from 1928 .  the supposed phone is seen in the background of a charlie chaplin movi .
 lindsey vonn targets world cup titles after 65th career win <sec> lindsey vonn notches the 65th world cup win of her skiing career .  american has an eight-point lead in super-g discipline ahead of finals .  vonn bounces back after saturday disappointment in downhill .  tina maze and anna fenninger are battling for overall world cup crow .
 commentary : what the 'wise latina ' remark meant <sec> laura gómez : critics of sotomayor take her remarks out of context .  she says judge carefully hedged comment about `` wise latina '' judge .  gómez : key merit of diversity on court is public view of judges ' legitimac .
 study : popular alzheimer 's drug ineffective for mild cases <sec> drug widely used to treat mild alzheimer 's disease appears to provide no benefit .  memantine , or namenda , officially approved for only moderate-to-severe disease .  nearly one-fifth of all people with mild alzheimer 's received the drug in 200 .
