 australian para-snowboarder matthew robinson dies aged 28 <sec> para-snowboarder matthew robinson passes away following a heart attack .  the australian suffered a cardiac arrest in nairobi , kenya .  robinson was being transported from spain to australia following a crash last week .  he sustained neck and spinal injuries after an accident in catalonia on february 1 .
 killer executed on 15th anniversary of his crime <sec> frank moore pronounced dead at 7:21 p.m . .  et in huntsville , texas .  moore shot samuel boyd , patrick clark multiple times outside bar in 1994 .  moore says he acted in self-defense after the men shot at him , tried to run him over .  supreme court declined to issue stay of executio .
 monica lewinsky joins twitter <sec> monica lewinsky joined twitter on monday . .  her first tweet , from an account that was quickly verified by the social media site , was simply `` # herewego '' . .  lewinsky has published multiple essays this year , including a vanity fair piece in june . .  the former white house intern will give a speech on the subject later on monday .
 after cnn investigation , hospital releases information on baby deaths <sec> following a cnn investigation the university of kentucky released mortality data from pediatric heart surgery program .  the program has a 5.8 % overall mortality rate from 2008 to 2012 , slightly higher than the national average ( 4 % ) .  in 2012 the year the program was suspended the mortality rate was 7.1 .
 'emotionally disturbed ' charlie sheen hospitalized , source says <sec> new : sheen left the hospital tuesday .  law enforcement source confirms sheen was the person hospitalized .  source : unidentified woman was in sheen 's hotel room .  police report finding an `` emotionally disturbed person '' at new york 's plaza hote .
 boy saved by u.s. charity struggles to cope in iraq <sec> iraq boy , 14 , got a prosthetic leg after a u.s. charity helped him .  mohammed rasoul now struggles to cope with life in iraq : `` i am afraid '' .  mohammed 's right leg was blown off in a 2006 attack that also killed his cousin .  his mother wishes all iraqis could see the generous nature of american .
 new satellite data reveals sea-level rise <sec> global sea-levels rose by an average of 3 mm a year over the past two decades .  most accurate data yet based on satellite data from european space agency .  sea-level rises uneven around the world with pacific region hit worst .  venice one of many cities upgrading flood protection barrier .
 afghanistan : partial vote count puts abdullah abdullah ahead <sec> abdullah abdullah is in the lead with 82 % of the vote counted , afghan electoral body says .  candidate ashraf ghani is in second place , and zalmai rasoul is in third .  afghan electoral chief says full vote count will come saturday , final results on may 14 .  a runoff vote may be needed in the country 's first democratic transfer of presidential powe .
 opinion : why do french think bob dylan 's racist ? <sec> bob dylan has been charged with inciting racial hatred in france for some comments .  matthew fraser : it 's ironic since he just won france 's highest public award .  he says racism is a sensitive issue in france , and dylan controversy touches a nerve .  fraser : this is n't surprising , because in france hate-speech accusations often reach court .
 bryan cranston : 'breaking bad ' will split final season <sec> bryan cranston says the drama 's final 16-episode season will break into two separate runs .  amc wants to divide the season so it has a strong summer airing for this and next year .  cranston is expected to direct the ninth episode of breaking bad 's final seaso .
 chilean miners in 'good condition , ' but long recovery awaits <sec> one miner suffering from pneumonia , two need dental surgery .  chilean health minister says things went `` extraordinarily well '' .  experts warn of possible long-term effects from the ordeal .  their psychological health is a concern as well as their physical healt .
 george washington letter sells for $ 3.2m <sec> highest price ever paid for a letter penned by america 's first president .  four-page letter sold for $ 3.2 million at auction by christie 's on friday .  letter was written to his nephew bushrod washington in november 1787 .  last year , a 1864 letter by president abraham lincoln sold for $ 3.4 millio .
 zanzibar in mourning after ferry capsizes , killing 200 <sec> new : britain sends helicopters to help with the search efforts , official says .  south africa is also sending divers and navy forces to help .  `` right now , we are focusing on getting the bodies for the relatives , '' official says .  zanzibar is a popular tourist destinatio .
 fear walks the streets of phoenix <sec> new immigration law adds to tension in arizona , says ruben navarrette jr . .  illegal immigrants on edge even though judge blocked worse parts of law , he says .  navarrette : some have left arizona in search of a better climate in other states .  law is polarizing ; whites support it strongly and latinos opposing it , navarrette say .
 at last , the arab league hears the voice of the people <sec> robert danin : arab league 's tough sanctions on syria show new activism in region .  public opinion now has power , he writes ; leaders ca n't stand by as syrians are slaughtered .  danin says arab league is taking charge to ensure arabs are in the regional drivers ' seat .  danin : arab leaders can no longer ignore others ' brutality , a welcome developmen .
 microsoft talks game-sharing , 'always-on ' xbox one <sec> ahead of e3 , microsoft answers questions about xbox one rules .  up to 10 family members will be able to access a game anywhere .  rules on sharing , reselling will be up to game publishers .  `` always-on '' internet is preferable , but not required , for the xbox on .
 spacey 's selfie creates political controversy in mexico <sec> kevin spacey meets mexican president enrique peña nieto at tourism conference in cancún .  spacey 's selfie creates uproar after paper reports mexican government paid actor $ 8 million .  mexican tourism board official denies spacey paid to pose for picture with peña nieto .  `` house of cards '' star admits : `` i do n't know jack about mexican politics .
 awful words named for real people <sec> some awful words named after real people .  tawdry named for st. audrey who wore audacious necklaces .  draconian came from lawyer who wanted lazy put to death .  general henry shrapnel built more deadly cannonball .
 school district to reconsider allowing teachers to discuss homosexuality in the classroom <sec> minnesota school board to propose changes to controversial `` neutrality policy '' .  under the policy , teachers are barred from discussing homosexuality in the classroom .  the proposed changes would allow for controversial topics to be examined in the classroom .  the previous policy triggered a federal lawsuit by a group of student .
 icy cold covers much of u.s . <sec> new : black ice plagues minneapolis in sub-zero temperatures .  new : storm-struck massachusetts city closes schools until new year .  large swath of the united states beset by very low temperatures .  even places such as las vegas , nevada , and dallas , texas , in wintry gri .
 in baltimore , a test case for loretta lynch <sec> errol louis : new ag loretta lynch will try to get cops to improve community relations , end abusive practices .  he says baltimore case shows too many local departments not getting message .  lynch will have to apply range of tough measures to fix this , louis say .
 'top kill ' fails , bp moves on 'to next option ' <sec> new : bp will try lower marine riser package cap next .  new : lower marine riser package cap will capture most , but not all of oil flow .  new : officials : only sure option is relief wells , still 2 months away .  new : parish president wants bp to build sand barrier islands now .  workers toil on beaches and in marshes to clean u .
 former new orleans mayor ray nagin guilty of corruption charges <sec> nagin `` did a belly flop '' on the witness stand , observer says .  a federal jury convicts ray nagin of 20 of 21 corruption counts against him .  prosecutors had accused him of running a kickback scheme from his office .  `` we did our best , '' nagin 's attorney say .
 filly rachel alexandra flies past all-male field to win preakness <sec> rachel alexandra is first filly to win the triple-crown 's second jewel since 1924 .  `` she 's the greatest horse i 've ever been on in my life , '' jockey calvin borel said .  borel first jockey to ride separate horses to victory in kentucky derby , preaknes .
 daytime soap 'all my children ' canceled again , actress tweets <sec> the soap moved from television to the internet last year after abc canceled it .  `` all my children '' production was put on hold by a lawsuit .  `` thanks for the memories ... '' actress debbi morgan tweets .  producers had expressed optimism they could save soaps by moving them onlin .
 france 's hollande tightens grip on power with election win <sec> the socialist party and its allies capture a majority of seats in parliament .  the results mean francois hollande can push his agenda through without compromises .  he plans to reverse nicolas sarkozy 's austerity measures to promote growth .  hollande is france 's first socialist president since 199 .
 people who turned their dreams to reality <sec> kyra hicks discovered at a quilt exhibit that she wanted to tell stories with cotton .  jennifer smith turned her love of horses into working with children who have disabilities .  elena santogade turns simple ingredients into amazing flavors of chees .
 continental debuts food-for-purchase menus <sec> continental announces new food-for-purchase program .  airline is eliminating free food in economy class on many routes .  complimentary meals will still be available on very long and intercontinental flight .
 report : ou student apologizes for racist chant <sec> `` it was wrong and reckless . .  i made a horrible mistake , '' says parker rice .  he and another student were expelled earlier tuesday .  if university had not acted , justice department could have stepped in , lawyer say .
 french president 's alleged lover nominated for acting award <sec> french actress julie gayet receives a best supporting actress nomination .  she is at the center of an alleged love affair with president francois hollande .  her private life has been in global headline .
 shots fired at iran president 's campaign office <sec> gunmen fire on campaign office for iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad , .  two adults and child wounded in attack ; ahmadinejad not present .  attack happened near where shia mosque bombed thursday , killing up to 20 .  no group has accepted responsibility , but local governor blamed terrorist grou .
 costa rican president urges restraint in border dispute <sec> new : president : our strength is the strength of reason , not arms .  costa rica says nicaraguan troops are in its territory .  it called for an emergency meeting of the organization of american states .  costa rica presented evidence of the incursio .
 whistleblower : oil watchdog agency 'cult of corruption ' <sec> whistleblower said oil regulators in bed with oil industry : `` it 's disgusting '' .  department of interior said it ca n't comment on bobby maxwell 's specific claims .  maxwell was auditor for 20-plus years , said he lost job due to scrutiny of oil giants .  recent report found the agency maxwell worked for took improper gifts from oil rep .
 official : 3 teens , one a u.s. citizen , killed in mexican border city <sec> 3 teens killed saturday at a car dealership in ciudad juarez , a spokesman says .  one of the victims is a u.s. citizen , the late boy 's parents told mexican authorities .  an el paso , texas , high school honors another of the victims monday on its website .  ciudad juarez has been beset by severe violence in recent month .
 time for u.s. to ban use of torture ( opinion ) <sec> u.s. can no longer assert that we do not torture our enemies , argues donald gregg .  cia should make public any evaluations it might have about effectiveness of torture , gregg says .  gregg : use of torture by u.s. puts captured americans in even greater dange .
 'game of thrones ' author wants to kill you -- for charity <sec> fans can win a chance to be in `` game of thrones '' book .  author promises the character will meet `` a grisly death '' .  money raised will go to charit .
 juventus president agnelli : if players own passport let them play <sec> juve president says players who have a passport should be allowed to play for that country .  debate raging after england manager roy hodgson said adnan januzaj is on his radar .  man utd winger was born in belgium but could qualify for england under fifa rules .  andrea agnelli confident solution can be found if fifa decide to move 2022 qatar world cu .
 public hearing scheduled on secret service prostitution scandal <sec> new : rep. king says he declined a meeting with one of the prostitutes .  lieberman : the senate homeland security committee hearing will take place may 23 , lieberman says .  the secret service director will testify , he say .
 best places to see christmas lights in the u.s . <sec> osborne family spectacle of dancing lights at disney 's hollywood studios in florida has 5 million lights .  a 2.5-mile circuit in las vegas shows off more than 400 animated displays .  a five-story christmas tree in branson , missouri , features 350,000 led .
 kate winslet welcomes baby with ned rocknroll <sec> kate winslet is now a mom of three .  the actress welcomed a son on saturday in the uk .  the baby is her first child with husband ned rocknroll .  she also has two children from prior relationship .
 new exhibit shows artifacts from the 9/11 terrorist attacks <sec> newseum expands its fbi exhibit to show fight against terror .  pieces of one plane , family photos , cell phones on display .  info on the shoe bomber plot include .
 your smartphone is a pain in the neck <sec> dr. dean fishman coined the term `` text neck '' in 2008 .  the term is a diagnosis for nerve pain and headaches caused by using mobile devices .  be aware of proper posture and take frequent breaks , experts sugges .
 sabine lisicki unable to repeat wimbledon heroics at final grand slam <sec> sabine lisicki exits u.s .open to ekaterina makarova .  wimbledon finalist beaten in straight sets in last 32 clash .  li na of china avenges 2012 defeat to laura robson .  top seed novak djokovic eases into men 's third roun .
 luanda : africa 's insanely expensive beach party <sec> luanda 's beach front is filled with restaurants where diners think nothing of dropping a few hundred dollars on seafood .  naquele lugur is a white-walled patio restaurant with an unmatched view of the city .  kookal imports its super-expensive seafood from europe , despite proximity of atlantic ocea .
 apple ceo 's health statement too vague for diagnosis , doctors say <sec> doctors : jobs ' `` hormone imbalance '' could refer to several health conditions .  cancer recurrence could explain weight loss .  hormonal imbalance related to thyroid , pituitary or adrenal glands also possible .  jobs will not appear at macworld this yea .
 cnn exclusive : port authority job created for gov . chris christie ally <sec> david wildstein was introduced to port authority as good friend of gov . .  chris christie .  wildstein was named to executive level post in agency soon after .  christie has characterized wildstein as someone he barely kne .
 messi crowned world 's best for record fourth time <sec> messi becomes first player to be crowned world 's best footballer by fifa four times .  cristiano ronaldo of portugal finishes second , with spain 's andres iniesta third .  spain 's vicente del bosque named coach of the year .  united states striker abby wambach wins women 's world player of the year awar .
 new orleans mayor learns about disaster response in cuba <sec> ray nagin to meet with cuban officials , learn about disaster plans .  state department sanctioned visit , mayor 's representative says .  new orleans adjusted disaster plans after hurricane katrina .  three hurricanes hit cuba last year , but only seven people die .
 opinion : draghi needs to realize gas pedal is already on the floor <sec> the ecb cut interest rates to a new record low in a bid to boost the economy .  but economist david woodruff says the approach will not work for the eurozone .  what is needed are policies addressed to borrowers and spenders , he write .
 yes , skeptics , olive garden does have a tuscan culinary institute <sec> the olive garden tv commercials are true ; restaurant has cooking school in italy .  olive garden culinary institute of tuscany holds 11-week classes in winter .  the rest of the year , riserva di fizzano is a b & b with a winery and restaurant .  public can attend shorter classes if they win olive garden sweepstake .
 novak djokovic engaged to longtime girlfriend <sec> novak djokovic announces his engagement to longtime girlfriend jelena ristic .  tennis ' world no . .  1 did n't say when he and ristic planned to tie the knot .  only one member of tennis ' 'big four , ' roger federer , is currently married .  rafael nadal and andy murray have also been dating their girlfriends for year .
 inside the 'teepee capital of the world ' <sec> over 1,000 teepees , hundreds of horses at crow fair rodeo .  annual festival one of largest gatherings of native americans .  vibrant traditional costumes , singing , dancing in montana hills .  includes adrenalin-fueled feats of horsemanshi .
 lil jon makes cross-country flight to rock the vote <sec> new : lil jon casts vote in georgia after last-minute flight from los angeles .  lil jon says georgia did not send him an absentee ballot despite `` numerous calls '' .  fulton county elections director says his office sent absentee ballot october 27 .  he appeared in the video for `` rock the vote '' set to his hit song `` turn down for what .
 federer goes for 14th grand slam in paris <sec> a french open win would give federer 14 grand slams .  that would tie his career wins to american pete sampras .  federer has a 9-0 record over the swede going into the final .  soderling topples favorite rafael nadal in a fourth-round stunne .
 obama afghanistan strategy : more troops in quickly , drawdown in 2011 <sec> 30,000 troops to be deployed within six months , president obama says .  obama : more troops would quicken transfer of responsibility to afghanistan .  obama wants most u.s. troops out of afghanistan in 3 years , officials say .  president : goals are to deny al qaeda a safe haven and reverse taliban 's momentu .
 girl grew up locked away in backyard sheds <sec> jaycee dugard locked in soundproof sheds in alleged captor 's backyard for 18 years .  compound of sheds , tarps equipped with makeshift bathroom and shower .  dugard also had two children with her captor , gave birth and raised them there .  authorities : `` they were kept in complete isolation in this compound .
 bing envy ? google now lets you create custom homepages <sec> a link will soon appear on google.com allowing users to change their search background .  you can choose any photo or image from your hard drive or your picasa web albums .  the new feature immediately reminds us of bing , microsoft 's upstart search engin .
 hey midwest , it 's time to rebrand <sec> costello : the midwest is not 'flyover country ' and has more to offer than friendliness . .  the region need rebranding , as two guys from minneapolis are attempting , she say .
 swiss city allows controversial right-wing poster <sec> posters call for a ban on the construction of minarets on mosques .  posters are part of a campaign by the nationalist swiss people 's party .  svp says they symbolize ideological opposition to the country 's constitution .  zurich decides against ban on posters on freedom of speech ground .
 parkinson 's did n't stop his space walk <sec> astronaut rich clifford was diagnosed with parkinson 's disease in 1995 .  it did n't stop him from going on a third shuttle mission and completing a spacewalk .  clifford kept his illness a secret for 15 year .
 sentencing judge condemns hussein 's execution <sec> judge who sentenced hussein to death condemns manner of execution .  chief judge raouf abdul rahman calls hanging 'uncivilized and backward ' .  rahman decries public nature of execution during a religious holida .
 actor : more positive portrayals of gays , lesbians needed <sec> actor bryan batt , who 's openly gay , plays a closeted man in tv series `` mad men '' .  homophobia that still exists in hollywood is based on what will sell , batt says .  he believes positive , interesting portrayals of gays and lesbians are beneficia .
 officials : light , booms in sky likely falling russian booster <sec> naval observatory traced path of russian rocket booster at time of witness reports .  descriptions of object match description of space junk , official says .  timing indicates it was likely the russian booster , naval observatory says .  no reports of damage , weather officials sa .
 haqqani network senior commander captured <sec> haji mali khan is the senior leader in afghanistan for the haqqani network .  he was captured on tuesday , but it took a few days to verify his identity .  the haqqani network is blamed for recent attack .
