 what happens to your money during eurogeddon ? <sec> frida ghitis : anyone who cares about personal finance needs to pay attention to europe 's crisis .  ghitis : europe 's problems could have huge impact on the u.s. , just look at the 1930s .  she says investors are reducing their stake in the stock market in fear of a big crash .  ghitis : it 's a time of great risk , but also of potentially great rewar .
 monte carlo insider 's guide : from casino city to f1 race track <sec> it takes two months to transform monte carlo into a racetrack for the formula one race .  monaco residents like mclaren driver jenson button say the principality is normally peaceful .  200,000 fans will come to monaco to watch the legendary monaco grand prix .  organizers of the race do not pay a race fee but the gp rarely makes a profi .
 more u.s. military join lawsuit over fukushima exposure <sec> lawsuit over radiation exposure to crew of uss ronald reagan expands .  lawyers say number of plaintiffs rises to 26 from initial 8 .  amended suit now seeks more than $ 2 billion in damages .  crew members claim they suffered health problems after aid mission to fukushim .
 'breaking bad ' goes out with a bang <sec> walter white made several surprising moves in the finale .  walt 's final confrontation was with his partner jesse .  the hit amc show took five seasons to cover two years of walter white 's lif .
 opinion : i was targeted because of my faith <sec> faisal gill : documents released by snowden show he was under surveillance .  gill was in the navy , was senior policy adviser in homeland security under bush .  gill believes the only reason he came under suspicion was that he is muslim .  gill says muslims must be free to join religious organizations without being spied upo .
 election season bluster : threats to move to canada , a trump call for 'revolution ! ' <sec> montreal-based immigration attorney says americans simply too patriotic to flee homeland .  airwaves , social media filled with bluster , but expert says this year it 's 'palpably ugly ' .  two arrested at university of mississippi after racial epithets uttered at campus protest .  no unrest in lubbock county , texas , despite 'civil war ' prediction by judg .
 a glance at seizures of north korea weapons shipments <sec> in 2010 , japanese authorities seized what they said was materials for uranium enrichment .  south africa tells the u.n. that it seized north korean weapons bound for the congo .  in 2002 , a north korean ship is intercepted in the gulf of aden carrying scud missile .
 illinois senate passes same-sex marriage measure <sec> measure is approved 34-21 ; house to vote next .  illinois would be 10th state , plus d.c. , to legalize same-sex marriage .  three other states are considering similar legislatio .
 whykickamoocow : the secret of silly horse names <sec> silly horse names are a traditional part of the horse racing experience .  but naming a thoroughbred is also fine art subject to strict international rules .  a horse 's name can influence betting among inexperienced punters .  important horse names , such as frankel , are put on a protected registe .
 anna nicole smith 's boyfriend , doctor guilty of using false names <sec> new : dr. kapoor calls his acquittal a victory for all chronic pain patients .  dr. eroshevich and smith 's boyfriend , howard k. stern , were convicted on conspiracy counts .  kapoor was acquitted on all charges .  the judge set sentencing for january .
 after six-hour flight , fresh crew docks to space station <sec> new : the soyuz capsule docked to the space station late tuesday .  two veteran space travelers and one rookie is inside the russian rocket .  they 'll spend the next six months in space .  the latest iss crew set off hours earlier from kazakhsta .
 teen rape trial shines unwelcome spotlight on ohio town , football team <sec> two 16-year-old teens , trent mays and ma'lik richmond , are charged with rape .  the boys are accused of sexually assaulting a girl at end-of-summer parties .  portions of the alleged assaults were chronicled on social media by partygoer .
 90,000 botswana government workers on strike <sec> nearly 90 % of government workers are on strike in botswana .  they are seeking a 16 % pay raise .  their salaries have not been increased for the past three year .
 all the world came to michael jackson memorial <sec> fans came out by thousands to pay tribute to michael jackson .  stevie wonder , john mayer give emotional performances .  director kenny ortega : `` we had to invite the world to join us here in michael 's house '' .  one fan : `` i started crying . .  it was really good .
 fighter jets escort two passenger planes after bomb threat <sec> both flights landed safely , nothing out of the ordinary was found on the planes .  two f-16 fighters returned to their base in south carolina after accompanying the planes to the atlanta airpor .
 obama 's ghana trip sends message across africa <sec> people in ghana wearing obama clothing ahead of u.s. president 's visit .  obama has singled ghana out for praise over its democratic commitment .  some in other countries view obama 's ghana visit as a snub to the .
 fashionista : give yourself a mental makeover <sec> fashionista carson kressley : women get stuck in fashion ruts .  well-trained salespeople can help you try new styles , colors .  old clothes reinforce old looks ; toss anything you have n't worn in 2 years .  remind yourself of good things about your bod .
 haitians cancel carnival celebration <sec> less than week before haiti 's carnival celebration , revelry replaced with mourning .  haitians have celebrated carnival through dictatorships , military coups and bloodshed .  `` i do n't even remember when it is , '' haiti official says about upcoming three-day festiva .
 kerry : 'deeply committed to ensuring ' iran does n't get nuclear weapon <sec> iran faces a march 24 deadline to reach a deal with world powers on its nuclear program .  u.s. secretary of state john kerry : `` we have to get the right deal .
 pacquiao opens wallet , heart to those in need <sec> manny pacquiao fights juan manuel marquez for the third time on saturday night .  the filipino boxer fled his impoverished roots , took up boxing to make money for family .  now he shares his fortune with others , helping to buy stuff for people in need .  he also is a member of congress , looking to make changes to the political syste .
 obama : reluctant warrior puts us back in iraq ( opinion ) <sec> gloria borger : president obama never wanted to order more action in iraq .  she says the president seemed to focus most on what he did n't want to do .  does a policy of avoiding trouble only invite more trouble ? .  borger : obama made the right call but needs to explain more of his thinkin .
 assault charges dropped against kiefer sutherland <sec> manhattan da 's office : misdemeanor assault charges against actor dropped .  charges stemmed from alleged head-butting incident at new york club in may .  kiefer sutherland stars in the hit television drama `` 24 .
 time to turn crisis into an opportunity ( opinion ) <sec> jane harman : president obama is right to go to congress over isis strategy .  since 9/11 , relationship between congress , president has collapsed , harman says .  poll : 60 % of americans support air and drone strikes against isis in syria .  crisis over isis can be seen as opportunity to abandon blame-game politics , harman add .
 how 'annoying orange ' is taking over the world <sec> the semi-animated shorts feature an orange talking to another food .  annoying orange has amassed 137 million views and is highly ranked on youtube .  internet businesses make it easier for free web series like orange to make a profi .
 financial fair play : manchester city and psg punished <sec> manchester city and paris st. germain accept punishments for breaking spending rules .  uefa imposes sanctions to nine european clubs under financial fair play regulations .  english and french champions are bankrolled by middle east owners .  three russian clubs and three turkish teams also punished , plus one from bulgari .
 will women 's football in france see an increase ? <sec> french women 's football has long been marginalized , stereotyped as a sport that is too rough and masculine for girls to play .  in recent years an increased television presence has raised the profile of the game , especially broadcasts of the women 's world cup .  enrollment statistics remain low with only about 50,000 licensed girls under 20 years of age compared to almost 1 million boy .
 ronaldinho gains dual nationality <sec> barcelona 's brazil forward ronaldinho is granted dual nationality by spain .  move allows another non-european union player in frank rijkaard 's squa .
 the world 's ugliest buildings <sec> the 02 arena in london was the world 's ugliest building on the forbes list .  birmingham 's bullring shopping center was voted as britain 's ugliest building .  north korea 's ryugyong hotel has been criticized by many peopl .
 anger , frustration on rise in gulf disaster <sec> roland martin : residents of small rural town totally dependent on fishing industry .  he says their way of life is threatened by the gulf oil disaster .  martin : stress is intense and people are getting frustrated by pace of cleanup effor .
 large hadron collider fired up in 'god particle ' hunt <sec> startup has been eagerly awaited by 9,000 physicists around the world .  it 's the largest particle accelerator in the world and costs about $ 9 billion .  lawsuits allege it could generate black holes that could eat the eart .
 sandusky moves for new trial after sex abuse conviction <sec> new : sandusky 's attorneys filed a motion for a new trial .  new : the judge has not yet ruled on the motion .  sandusky , 68 , was convicted on 45 counts of sexually abusing 10 boys over 15 years .  if the motion fails , defense lawyers may appeal the cas .
 china : haze is n't foreign embassies ' business <sec> new : foreign ministry says embassies lack legal authority to monitor environment .  china has told foreign embassies to stop publishing their own air pollution readings .  the directive is understood to be directed at the u.s. diplomatic missions .  starker u.s. readings adhere to more rigorous epa standard to measure air qualit .
 football : manchester united defeat liverpool <sec> tributes paid to the 96 before the game at anfield .  liverpool 's jonjo shelvey sent off after 39 minutes .  steven gerrard fired liverpool ahead early in second half .  goals from rafael and van persie won it for unite .
 u.n. report alleges north korea exported nuclear technology <sec> a u.n. report says north korea exported nuclear and missile technology .  the materials went to countries including iran , syria and myanmar , the report says .  there was no immediate response from north korea .  the u.n. imposed sanctions against north korea after a nuclear test in 200 .
 clinton , obama : just the two of them in debate <sec> debate will be last time top democrats face off before super tuesday contests .  sens . .  hillary clinton and barack obama to go one-on-one for first time together .  ex-sen. john edwards suspended presidential campaign wednesday .  debate will start at 8 et on thursday night on cnn and cnn.co .
 power back on at cleveland airport <sec> ohio 's largest airport was without power for more than seven hours .  a transformer explosion cut power to cleveland-hopkins international terminals .  about 800 travelers were stranded sunday morning .  all power was restored by 2:30 p.m. , according to a spokesperso .
 can myanmar fix its banking system ? <sec> people here completely bypass the banks and keep their money at home .  teller counters and the office tables are literally overflowing with cash .  one clear sign of change is that credit cards are becoming more common .  myanmar is getting ready to be part of a global integrated financial syste .
 apple patents the virtual page turn <sec> apple patents a page turn function this week .  it is a feature used in apple 's ibooks application .  apple has been involved in recent patent disputes with samsung and ht .
 defector sends 'the interview ' to north korea <sec> defector deploys balloons with `` the interview '' to north korea .  lee min-bok says he finds the movie vulgar , but sends it anywa .
 'doctor who ' celebrates 50 years with biopic <sec> `` doctor who '' will get a new doctor soon .  a biopic film will also celebrate the series ' 50th anniversary .  film 's scriptwriter says the series is beloved because it 's so uniqu .
 man pleads guilty to slapping crying boy on delta flight <sec> joe rickey hundley pleaded guilty to assault in federal court , his attorney says .  he was accused of slapping a crying 19-month-old boy on a minneapolis-to-atlanta flight .  hundley had learned the day before that his own son was in a coma , the court heard .  he is due to be sentenced on january 6 , his attorney say .
 iceland 's bardarbunga volcano prompts eruption fears <sec> icelandic authorities say there 's increased seismic activity around bardarbunga volcano .  but there 's no sign yet of magma moving to the surface or ash spewing into the sky .  iceland has posted an orange aviation alert , indicating `` increased potential of eruption '' .  the eruption of eyjafjallajokull in 2010 caused disruption to millions of traveler .
 diagnosing and treating chronic gi conditions <sec> as many as 13 million adults in the united states may suffer from ibs-c .  to get a proper diagnosis and treatment , have a conversation with your doctor .  some people with ibs may have intolerances to certain sugars .  otc options such as laxatives and stool softeners are not meant for long-term us .
 rules do n't allow crist 's fan in cnn debate <sec> rules of an october 21 cnn / wjxt debate prohibit electronic devices , including fans . .  florida 's charlie crist 's use of a fan during a wednesday debate triggered a bizarre episode . .  crist 's opponent , gov . .  rick scott , was several minutes walking onto the stage .
 fema wins praise , responds to anger about gas supply <sec> fema chief says search-and-rescue operations taking priority , some fuel being supplied .  republican and democratic officials praise fema 's response to sandy .  the agency 's performance after hurricane katrina forced reforms .  it 's now `` leaning forward '' and has closer ties with state and local counterpart .
 'death simulator ' attraction to open in china <sec> `` samadhi -- 4d experience of death '' uses special effects to recreate an imagined experience of death .  the death-themed game was created to provoke people into considering the meaning of life .  `` samadhi '' creator : `` china made me rich , but it did n't teach me how to live a rich life .
 historic california drought forces rancher to thin his herd of horses <sec> rancher harold kelly loves his horses , but he 's going broke feeding them in the drought .  he now must sell off horses and is wary of buyers who want to re-sell them for slaughter .  one region alone in california could face $ 1 billion is drought losses .  `` now we have to live with a very serious drought of uncertain duration , '' governor say .
 exclusive : doctor cheating warnings expand to dermatology <sec> cnn confirms dermatology residents also using `` airplane notes '' to prepare for exams .  board says `` recalling and sharing questions from exams violates ... professional ethics '' .  executive director says this is cheating , but she ca n't prove it is happenin .
 did sprint king usain bolt beat a buenos aires bus ? <sec> usain bolt races a buenos aires passenger bus in argentina and wins .  the 80-meter race was part of a campaign to encourage kids to try athletics .  bolt says his aim is to defend his three olympic titles in rio in 201 .
 road rage in middle earth : new zealand vigilantes snatch car keys from tourists <sec> five tourists have had their car keys snatched by vigilantes this year .  the confiscations have taken place amid rising concern over tourist driving behavior .  in popular westland , 37 % of serious crashes have involved foreign driver .
 experts argue over dna evidence used to convict knox <sec> new : experts from the police , defense and prosecution disagree over dna evidence .  appeal hearing is adjourned , with more dna evidence expected wednesday .  a prosecutor suggests that new dna testing may be requested .  amanda knox was jailed in 2009 for murdering her housemate , meredith kercher , in ital .
 former marine reservist pleads guilty in pentagon shooting incident <sec> yonathan melaku pleads guilty to charges including damaging u.s. property .  he was accused of shooting at the pentagon and other military-related buildings .  he agrees to a sentence of 25 years in prison ; sentencing will be in apri .
 f1 : reborn in the usa <sec> sunday 's grand prix in austin ended the sport 's five-year absence from the united states .  a near capacity crowd of 117,500 turned out to witness lewis hamilton win the race .  hopes are high that an american driver can fuel the sport 's limited popularity in the u.s .
 nine questions about the boston bombers <sec> peter bergen : many unresolved questions about how or why brothers carried out bombing .  he says experience of other terrorists in the west could shed some light .  some who spent formative years in u.s. were radicalized over the internet , he says .  bergen : three pairs of brothers were among 19 hijackers on september 1 .
 borger : obama revolution goes one step too far <sec> gloria borger : president obama needs to rethink crackdown on lobbyists ' influence .  washington 's dirty little secret : lobbyists are knowledgeable on issues , borger says .  tough rules on lobbyists creating problems for effective governance , she says .  borger : administration ca n't get up and running without needed expertis .
 kate middleton adds glamor in bid right america 's cup 'wrong ' <sec> britain has never won the america 's cup -- could that change ? .  sailing star ben ainslie launches $ 134m challenge against u.s. champions .  duchess of cambridge , kate middleton , gives royal seal of approval .  modern multihulls are feats of engineering , slicing through waves at 95kp .
 giving back to new york bus drivers <sec> nyc art students were assigned a project to touch a life through design .  kathleen fitzgerald and lizzy showman designed seat cushions for bus drivers .  fitzgerald and showman : showing gratitude creates a better environmen .
 hot air balloon catches fire over virginia ; search for 3 <sec> new : the balloon apparently hit a power line , an faa spokeswoman says .  new : the mid-atlantic balloon festival is called off due to the incident .  images show the balloon well above the ground with its basket on fire .  authorities have n't yet found the balloon or the 3 thought to be on boar .
 funeral held for saudi crown prince nayef <sec> new : the crown prince will be buried at al-adel cemetery in mecca .  nayef was heir to the saudi throne .  he had served as interior minister since 197 .
 comeback queen clijsters crushes venus in one-sided miami final <sec> kim clijsters demolishes venus williams in final of sony ericsson open in miami .  belgian beats american third seed 6-2 6-1 in only 58 minutes for 37th career title .  it was the 26-year-old 's third triumph since returning last year after having a baby .  williams had been seeking fourth miami title but suffered first loss in three tournament .
 uk newspapers fail to block royal charter on press regulation <sec> new : uk newspapers to appeal after losing legal challenge to a government-backed plan .  campaign group hacked off welcomes ruling on cross-party royal charter .  `` charter will protect freedom of the press '' and offer real redress , government says .  newspaper chiefs fear the proposed royal charter may allow interference by politician .
 starbucks digital network is here <sec> starbucks has manufactured a rich experience around six channels .  channels include news , entertainment , wellness , business and careers , my neighborhood .  yahoo plays a pivotal role in the behind-the-scenes network experienc .
 boehner faces own challenges at beginning of obama 's second term <sec> house speaker 's failed negotiations with obama weakened him among his own caucus .  house republicans come out of three-day retreat looking like internal squabbles being settled .  boehner still faces divisive fiscal fights between now and march .  other challenges await : gun legislation and attracting women and minorities to go .
 i meant that then , i mean this now : famous changes of heart <sec> history is replete with epic changes of heart .  sometimes , as with bill clinton , outside circumstances force the change .  second thoughts are a hallmark of science and religious tradition , too .  from dickens to dr. seuss , flip-flopping is a common theme in fictio .
