 white protestants , your monopoly is over <sec> every president except for jfk and barack obama has been a white protestant .  dean obeidallah : wasps have had an amazing run , but times have changed .  he says political parties are increasingly reflecting the new face of america .  obeidallah : changing voting rights laws have made our political system more democrati .
 no obvious replacement to succeed bin laden as al qaeda 's leader <sec> a u.s. official says they know of `` no succession plan '' now that bin laden is dead .  an expert says his deputy , ayman al-zawahiri , is `` not popular with colleagues '' .  another contender is u.s.-born anwar al-alwaki , who is now based in yemen .  other possibilities are abu yahya al-libi , from libya , and ilyas kashmiri of pakista .
 state troopers headed to chicago to help stop violence <sec> dozens of illinois state police to be sent to chicago to combat gun violence .  troopers to form `` surge '' teams with chicago police .  the 40 officers are expected to be added in the next 30 day .
 singaporeans protest plans to increase immigration <sec> singapore government wants to increase population by allowing more immigrants .  protesters say they worry about losing jobs , overcrowding .  government says foreigners are needed to take care of rapidly aging population .  `` imagine a place where you can be a stranger in your own home , '' protester say .
 zuckerberg : facebook phone 'would n't make sense ' <sec> reports for years have speculated about facebook making a smartphone .  but facebook ceo mark zuckerberg says such a move `` would n't make sense '' .  comments came during facebook 's earnings report this week .  zuckerberg says mobile is an emerging area of growt .
 best place to buy property in asia <sec> indonesia 's capital jakarta is predicted to be asia 's top real estate market in 2013 .  with increasing gdp and foreign investment , jakarta jumped up 10 places since 2011 .  singapore got bumped to third place , from first place last year .  japan 's osaka is the forecast 's lowest-ranked city for real estate investment next yea .
 5 things to watch for thursday at the olympics <sec> u.s. , russian gymnasts compete for individual title .  more swimming , highlighted by ryan lochte vs. michael phelps one more time .  dressage competition has a u.s. political connection .  chinese look for more medals in table tennis semis , fina .
 adult , 2 teens charged with beating elderly black man <sec> james privott , 76 , says white males kicked , punched him , used racial epithets .  suspect calvin lockner is white supremacist with the nickname `` hitler , '' police say .  two teen suspects charged as adults .  privott in critical condition but making progres .
 twins drop legal claim against facebook founder <sec> new : facebook says the case has been considered a done deal for `` a long time '' .  the long-running court battle was featured in the film `` the social network '' .  the winklevosses and a third partner wanted to increase a $ 65 million settlement .  a federal appeals court judge rejected their claim in apri .
 occupy wall street returns with 'sleepful protest ' <sec> the occupy wall street movement is ramping up its activities .  in new york , protesters have moved to a sidewalk near the stock exchange .  protesters plan for may 1 to be their first large-scale demonstration of the yea .
 starbuck facts <sec> the first starbucks coffee house opened in 1971 , in seattle .  today there are more than 6,000 retail locations across the world .  current ceo charles schultz joined the company in 198 .
 isis claims american carried out suicide attack <sec> isis claims a suicide attack in iraq was carried out by an american .  the claim has not been confirme .
 california court denies bid to halt same-sex marriages in state <sec> new : a county clerk says he asked for a stay `` because it 's cruel to set up people '' .  new : gay rights groups cheer the ruling , while adding the legal battle is n't necessarily over .  california 's supreme court declines to immediately halt same-sex marriages in state .  the u.s. supreme court paved the way for such marriages in a key ruling last mont .
 as troops leave , iraq wants surge of american business <sec> al-maliki talks business with the u.s. chamber of commerce .  `` not generals but businessmen '' will build the u.s.-iraq relationship now , he says .  al-maliki says iraq wants to see more u.s. companies in his country .  no u.s. energy firm secured a deal at an auction of iraqi contracts two years ag .
 kawasaki to run one bike in 2009 motogp <sec> kawasaki will run marco melandri in a one-bike team in 2009 motogp season .  the news comes after manufacturer revealed it was ending motogp activities .  italian melandri moved to kawasaki from ducati at the end of the 2008 seaso .
 finding jesus at a georgia truck stop <sec> pastor 's personal need inspires him to create ministry for truckers .  chaplain hears stories of loneliness and desperation .  truck stop owner : truckers are `` the last american cowboys '' .  chaplain 's downward spiral was halted by a late-night sermo .
 football : gerrard cleared on affray charge <sec> england football star steven gerrard cleared of affray charge by liverpool court .  gerrard admitted punching 34-year-old businessman marcus mcghee .  jury accepted his version that he acted in self defense in nightclub braw .
 top chicago cop calls rapist 'monster ' in school safe passage case <sec> chicago detectives are still searching for the assailant in a 15-year-old girl 's rape .  police superintendent makes a surprise visit to a meeting of angry parents .  `` the young lady is still on the fence ... as far as how she 's doing , '' he says of the victim .  `` we 're going to make sure that we catch this monster , '' he tells crow .
 french voters decide whether hollande 's socialist party gets majority <sec> candidates could head to a runoff vote june 17 .  if the socialist party wins a majority , it would help new president hollande 's agenda .  hollande has chosen mostly moderates for his cabine .
 baby 's death in india blamed on father 's anger she was born a girl <sec> 3-month-old afreen farooq died of cardiac arrest after convulsions , a doctor says .  her father , already in custody , will be charged with murder , police say .  police say the father has confessed to beating the little girl because he wanted a son .  the case highlights the preference among many indians for sons over daughter .
 four held over marriott hotel blast in islamabad <sec> four arrested on suspicion of involvement '' in hotel blast in pakistani capital .  more than people died in september 20 attack on marriott hotel , 250-plus injured .  authorities have not said how they believe the men are related to the blas .
 soulja boy arrested on gun charge in los angeles <sec> new : soulja boy was freed after posting $ 35,000 bond wednesday afternoon .  los angeles police stopped a car soulja boy was riding in early wednesday .  he was arrested on weapons and drug charges in georgia in 201 .
 ohio changing execution drugs <sec> ohio will stop using midazolam and hydromorphone and start using thiopental sodium .  the drugs were used in january 2014 on an inmate who gasped and convulsed before deat .
 white house unveils plan to combat drug trade at border <sec> plan involves increased intelligence and enhanced technology .  it aims to slow the flow of cash and illegal firearms into mexico .  rising drug violence is among white house 's top domestic concern .
 youthful matteo renzi sworn in as italy 's new prime minister <sec> new : he 's sworn in alongside his cabinet of 16 ministers .  new : he holds his first cabinet meeting with his new government .  the former mayor of florence and democratic party leader is a youthful 39 years old .  he replaces enrico letta , who held the top job for less than a yea .
 crosby gives canada ice hockey gold with overtime goal <sec> sidney crosby overtime goal gives canada ice hockey gold at winter games .  united states forced added time with zach parise goal with 25 seconds remaining .  victory gives hosts canada a record 14 golds in winter games .  petter northug of norway wins men 's 50km cross country title in sprint finis .
 robert lewandowski to join bayern munich at end of season <sec> bayern munich signs striker robert lewandowski from borussia dortmund .  lewandowski joins the german champion at the end of the current season .  it 's the second time in as many seasons bayern has signed a star dortmund player .  the announcement comes as dortmund struggles in the german bundeslig .
 no charges after oklahoma police chief shot four times <sec> police chief of sentinel , oklahoma , shot four times , survives .  oklahoma state bureau of investigation has not filed charges .  osbi says chief 's life saved by a borrowed protective ves .
 could moon landings have been faked ? some still think so <sec> a cult of conspiracy theorists believe nasa faked the apollo moon landings .  the u.s. wanted to avoid embarrassment and trump the soviets , hoax theorists say .  theorists point to `` inconsistencies '' in nasa photos and tv footage .  a poll shows 6 percent of americans believe the apollo moon landings were fake .
 protester glues himself to british pm <sec> dan glass was due to receive award from brown for his work on transport issues .  glass squirted superglue in his left hand and then shook brown 's right hand .  `` prime minister managed to free himself in about 30 seconds , '' said glass .  glass part of plane stupid group , which campaigns against climate chang .
 cop pulls man from burning truck in new jersey <sec> a pickup truck caught fire on the roadway in cape may .  police officer scott krissinger ran to the burning vehicle and rescued the driver .  he then went back to look for anyone else .  he 's being called a her .
 foolproof ways to organize your vacation photos <sec> before you forget , write captions on backs of photos .  toss bad or duplicate pictures , put rest in boxes .  albums can be photos of one topic or one trip .  store photos on internet to share with family , friend .
 suspect in canada killings caught at the border <sec> the arrest ends a 36-hour manhunt .  travis baumgartner , 21 , is captured while attempting to cross into the united states .  he will be brought back to edmonton , canada .  baumgartner is suspected of killing three people during a robbery attempt at the university of albert .
 germany back with a win <sec> germany beat scotland 2-1 in euro qualification .  first competitive match since their world cup win .  albania shock portugal 1-0 .  poland thrash new boys gibraltar 7- .
 kerry : 'cancer of isis will not be allowed to spread ' <sec> secretary of state john kerry writes an opinion piece for the new york times .  he calls for `` broadest possible coalition of nations , '' led by u.s. , to confront isis .  two gop senators , in a competing op-ed , call for more urgent , military-centered actio .
 obama releases original long-form birth certificate <sec> new : obama says `` what we do in politics is not a reality show '' .  donald trump claims credit for forcing the release of the certificate .  the white house releases president obama 's long-form birth certificate .  the white house says the issue is bad politics for the gop , but is a distractio .
 fate of dj am show unclear as speculation over death grows <sec> `` it is too soon to have made any decisions , '' publicist says of mtv reality show .  show cast adam `` dj am '' goldstein in role setting drug addicts on path to recovery .  goldstein told mtv he purchased crack pipe for show , faced other intense moments .  goldstein , 36 , reportedly found dead with crack pipe , crack cocaine in hom .
 u.s. : palestinian-american minor killed by israeli military <sec> palestinian-american killed during clashes in west bank , u.s. state department says .  israeli military : an `` attack was prevented '' when a male was shot hurling a molotov cocktail .  earlier this week a palestinian man rammed car into commuters in jerusale .
 'kony 2012 ' director hospitalized after exhibiting bizarre behavior <sec> source : jason russell was picked up by police after running in the street in his underwear .  he has been hospitalized for `` exhaustion , dehydration and malnutrition , '' his nonprofit says .  russell has made a flurry of media appearances since the documentary went vira .
 nhl suspends player 25 games for launching himself into playoff foe <sec> phoenix 's raffi torres injured chicago 's marian hossa during a playoff game tuesday .  torres went airborned to hit a defenseless hossa on his head .  the nhl suspended torres for 25 games , saying the hit violated 3 league rule .
 how do ocean recoveries work ? no clue too small after crashes <sec> new : if debris is verified , recovery teams could use 'pinger locators ' to find device .  ships , aircraft and helicopters are searching for malaysia airlines flight 370 .  let 's say they find it . .  would the mystery be solved ? .  twa flight 800 and air france flight 447 provide clues about what could happen nex .
 opinion : pull up those saggy pants <sec> danny cevallos : florida town passed legislation to ban sagging pants .  he says this is one fashion statement that courts wo n't say should be protected .  cevallos : constitution protects clothing with a specific message that will be widely understood .  he says saggy pants do n't represent a political statemen .
 no excuses as roger federer loses in hamburg with new tennis racquet <sec> roger federer loses in the semi-finals of the german tennis championships .  federer beaten by world no.114 argentine federico delbonis in straight sets .  the swiss 17-time grand slam winner is trialling a new racquet with a larger frame .  federer said early wimbledon exit was a good time to make the switc .
 2 u.s. officials shot in caracas strip club <sec> two u.s. officials say the embassy staffers shot in venezuela are military officials .  the officials were shot at the antonella 2012 club , a police spokeswoman says .  the state department says the officials ' injuries are not life-threatenin .
 ex-norwegian pm to replace rasmussen as nato head <sec> stoltenberg takes over in his new job this october .  he 's now the u.n. special envoy on climate change .  rasmussen says stoltenberg is `` right man '' for pos .
 al-shabaab kills 36 in kenya quarry attack <sec> kenya 's president accepts the national police chief 's resignation .  al-shabaab said the quarry attack was retaliation for mosque raids .  last month , the islamist militants ambushed a bus and killed 28 .  the international community has rallied to battle the militant .
 travel like a beauty queen <sec> miss america katie stam is spending a year on the road .  she likes to unpack a little as soon as she arrives at her hotel .  keeping things in the same place helps her stay organized on the roa .
 profile : amanda knox co-defendant raffaele sollecito <sec> sollecito was a 23-year-old computer science student when meredith kercher was killed .  he and amanda knox were tried together and convicted of murder and other crimes .  they both protest their innocence and are appealing the conviction .  sollecito misses the smell of the sea , and just wants a normal life back , he say .
 civil rights veterans : today 's hate rhetoric is deja vu <sec> recent rhetoric , tucson shooting reawakened memories for civil rights veterans .  freedom riders of 1960s say they 've seen familiar signs in recent months .  rep. john lewis : rhetoric turns dangerous when groups imply foes are enemies of america .  historian : politicians suffer from `` historical amnesia '' when they focus on winning `` at any cost .
 mayor taunts students over possible snow days <sec> mayor of danbury , connecticut , teases students on twitter about school closings .  mark boughton tweets jokes , keeps kids guessing about snow days .  mayor : `` it is sort of a tradition around here .
 americans arrested in pakistan had bright futures <sec> members of mosque describe five students as `` wholesome '' kids .  men arrested include howard university dental student , george mason accounting student .  pakistani officials : 5 arrested wednesday , sixth man -- father of one of the 5 -- arrested later .  pakistani police say men were planning terrorist acts , official say .
 'hacktivist for good ' claims wikileaks takedown <sec> new : the claim is genuine , a cybersecurity expert says .  `` the jester '' attacked the site `` for attempting to endanger the lives of our troops '' .  he normally attacks islamist websites .  wikileaks said it was attacked sunda .
 steve jobs ' boyhood home becomes historic site <sec> steve jobs grew up in a single-story ranch-style house in los altos , california .  the city of los altos has named the house a `` historical resource '' .  jobs and steve wozniak built the first apple computers there in the mid-1970 .
 puerto rican golfer chi chi rodriguez robbed of $ 500,000 , police say <sec> robbers broke into golfer chi chi rodriguez 's home , he and his wife were asleep .  up to $ 500,000 in jewelry and other items taken .  rodriguez and wife were tied up but not injured .  he is the founder of a non-profit foundation that targets at-risk childre .
 camelot makes history as queen watches <sec> camelot wins english horse racing 's epsom derby , as queen watches .  event marks the start of british ruler 's diamond jubilee celebrations this weekend .  camelot 's trainer and jockey become first father-son combination to win race .  the horse has now completed two legs of the prestigious english triple crow .
 work skills you 'll need to survive the 'conceptual age ' <sec> lisa bodell says the best employees of the future will excel at creative problem solving .  she says workers will need to go beyond just knowledge or expertise .  bodell offers ways to cultivate the right brain skills before it 's too lat .
 frugal living is road to new prosperity <sec> tim jackson : nations are hoping to avoid bailouts like those of greece , ireland .  he says there 's a rush to embrace austerity measures that inflict pain on the poor .  jackson says we need to adopt frugal policies , spending less but investing more .  government must lead ; this is not a time to dismantle the state , he say .
 new year , new chance to reclaim humanity ? <sec> the shift from bells to fireworks to bring in the new year is suggestive , says nick groom .  the world is replacing old traditions with something far louder and brasher , he says .  old customs should be revived , new ones established to reflect current values , groom says .  he argues january provides an opportunity to reclaim our individuality and our humanit .
 mlk movie in limbo as king siblings squabble <sec> dreamworks studios hesitates on movie about martin luther king jr . .  studio says film wo n't go ahead unless king 's three children agree .  dexter king has ok 'd project without notifying his siblings .  source close to family says resolution may be at han .
 teacher must remain in custody over alleged beheading plot <sec> nevine aly elshiekh is held in alleged plot to behead witnesses against would-be terrorist .  she is on leave from position at montessori school in north carolina .  friend says charges do n't reflect who she i .
 togo banned for leaving africa cup of nations after attack <sec> togo suspended from next two africa cup of nations competitions by caf .  team pulled out of tournament this month after terrorist attack on their bus killed three .  african governing body caf decided decision to recall team was political interferenc .
 bayern munich release striker luca toni <sec> bayern munich and luca toni agree to cancel striker 's contract .  toni spent half of last season on loan at italian club as roma .  italian was deemed surplus to requirements by bayern coach louis van gaa .
 dog who saved the world cup for england <sec> a thief swiped the world cup soccer 's jules rimet trophy in england in 1966 .  while on a walk , a dog named pickles sniffed trophy out of hedge where it was hidden .  brazil won the cup for third time in 1970 , earning the right to keep trophy in perpetuity .  thieves stole trophy from case in brazil in december 1983 ; it has n't been recovere .
 democrats take on the koch brothers - cnnpolitics.com <sec> senate majority leader harry reid calls out koch brothers for anonymous campaign donations .  democrats are trying to make the koch brothers midterm villains .  kochs donate tens of millions of dollars to fund anti-big government campaigns .  critics say their wealth has outsized influence on election .
