 u.s. circuit court rules against illegal immigration laws <sec> federal court throws out laws limiting where illegal immigrants can live , work .  judge says ordinances conflict with supremacy clause of u.s. constitution .  law would have fined landlords for renting to illegal alien .
 sony mum on details about ongoing playstation network outage <sec> the playstation network has been offline for five days .  sony has n't set a timeline for when the online services will return .  a sony spokesman reportedly said the company is unsure if sensitive info was take .
 putin defends russia 's record on freedom of speech <sec> putin says the boston tragedy should motivate countries to work together .  vladimir putin denies the use of `` stalinist tools '' to limit freedoms in russia in a televised session .  `` no one puts anyone in prison for political reasons , '' says the russian president .  putin says u.s. actions have been factor in a `` cooling off '' of moscow-washington relation .
 joran van der sloot challenges extradition to u.s . <sec> dutchman says he 'd rather finish serving sentence in peru , lawyer says .  van der sloot was sentenced to 28 years in prison in peru for a murder there .  he is charged with extortion in alabama in connection with the natalee holloway cas .
 uk sends military advisers to train ukraine troops <sec> uk will also provide an additional $ 22.4 million in humanitarian aid .  russia signs a treaty with georgia 's breakaway south ossetia regio .
 on board germanwings flight 9525 : descent to death <sec> germanwings flight 9525 had a slight delay before taking off from barcelona , spain .  after leveling off at 38,000 feet , the plane descended steadily before hitting the alps .  screams were heard in plane 's cabin in minutes before crash , according to audio recordin .
 rwanda : 100 days that changed history <sec> simmering hatreds between tutsi and hutu erupted in genocide in 1994 .  100-day killing rampage left 800,000 dead -- mostly tutsis and moderate hutus .  rwanda is now considered one of africa 's most stable nation .
 why terror recruiters succeed in belgium <sec> on january 15 , a gun battle during a raid by police in verviers left two belgian citizens dead .  the suspects have been accused of involvement in an isis-inspired plot to target police officers .  the muslim community fears a backlash and rise in islamophobia that could increase radicalizatio .
 russia sanctions : eu should leave trade alone <sec> nina dos santos says europe must be ready to accept sanctions will hurt both sides .  targeting russia 's business community would be one way of sapping their support for president putin , she says .  but she says europe would have a hard time keeping its factories going without power from the eas .
 ayrton senna : world pays tribute to a legend <sec> the 20th anniversary of the death of ayrton senna marked across the world .  the triple world champion died following at crash at the imola circuit in 1994 .  legends of motorsport flocked to the track to pay their respects to senna .  austrian driver roland ratzenberger died the before senn .
 dropbox to organize photos with new carousel app <sec> cloud-storage service dropbox has a new app for organizing photos called carousel .  carousel attempts to solve the problem of scattered digital photos across devices .  the company also announced new mailbox apps and dropbox for busines .
 wife of former imf boss shuts down blog <sec> anne sinclair is described by some as the `` barbara walters '' of france .  she has been writing her blog since 2008 .  her husband , dominique strauss-kahn , is awaiting a trial on sexual assault charges .  he is out on bai .
 man bursts into flames after taser shock <sec> man holding a lighter , douses himself with petrol , charges police officer .  officer fires taser stun gun when he ignores command to stop , man catches alight .  police had received a report that the man and some others were sniffing glue .  man airlifted to hospital to undergo treatment for severe burns in perth , w. australi .
 anthony weiner praises rand paul <sec> former congressman anthony weiner wrote a column praising sen. rand paul .  he focused primarily on paul 's push against the national security agenc .
 hushovd powers to tour stage victory <sec> norway 's thor hushovd claims victory in the 13th stage of the tour de france .  hushovd is the first world champion to win a stage since oscar freire in 2002 .  there is no change in the overall classification with thomas voeckler in yello .
 climber dies in grand teton fall <sec> edward tom died in a weekend fall in grand teton national park , rangers say .  he was caught in a storm while searching for a campsite and fell nearly 100 feet .  the park is located in northwestern wyoming , outside jackso .
 how to kickstart your holiday using apps not maps <sec> smartphone and tablet apps have simplified the travel process .  travelers can arrange the flights , hotels and restaurants whilst on the move .  cnn 's ayesha durgahee attempted to go from london to rome using only app .
 u.s. sending tanks to afghanistan for the first time <sec> the marines plan to use a company of m1a1 abrams tanks in helmand province .  they are the most lethal ground weapons system available , u.s. military says .  they are `` very much needed , '' a war analyst says .  officers tout tanks ' precision , message of commitment , psychological boos .
 world 's first six-legged octopus discovered <sec> six-legged octopus has been dubbed a 'hexapus ' by marine experts .  octopodes have eight arms and legs and missing limbs usually grow back .  experts say that henry 's two missing limbs stem from a birth defec .
 american father mistreated in japanese jail , attorney says <sec> official in japan denies `` torture , '' says dad is receiving `` special '' treatment .  japanese official : dad gets regular attorney visits , interpreter for interviews .  christopher savoie accused of trying to kidnap his kids after ex-wife fled to japan .  savoie held without trial ; denied medical treatment , says attorne .
 review : matt damon makes 'elysium ' work <sec> `` district 9 '' filmmaker neill blomkamp returns with `` elysium '' .  the revved-up dystopian thriller stars matt damon .  the movie confirms blomkamp 's talent but the plot is basi .
 sepp blatter 'did not question qatar ' as world cup host , says fifa <sec> fifa denies sepp blatter said qatar unfit to hold world cup .  blatter said it was a 'mistake ' to organize summer tournament in gulf state .  fifa president made comments in interview with swiss medi .
 cnn student news - may 14 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 tyra banks tells oprah of her own abuse <sec> oprah winfrey : rihanna abuse allegations can be used to help other teens .  tyra banks : chris brown says he watched his mother suffer years of abuse .  banks : do n't judge rihanna harshly for going back to brown .  banks says she was emotionally abused , begged mother to make her break u .
 communist-era naval base reborn as superyacht marina <sec> is porto montenegro set to become the most glamorous yacht hub in decades ? .  multi-millionaire behind the project believes it will strongly benefit local economy .  site of development is former communist era naval-base and international `` no fly '' zon .
 torres ends goal drought as chelsea stay in touch with united <sec> misfiring record signing fernando torres scores in chelsea 's 3-0 win over west ham .  spanish striker comes off bench to net the second goal , his first in 14 games .  win puts defending champions six points behind leaders manchester united .  javier hernandez 's late goal earns united a 1-0 win over everto .
 hospital : 15 fired for looking at octuplet mom 's file <sec> eight other employees disciplined for accessing nadya suleman 's files .  kaiser permanente says training was given emphasizing privacy issues .  spokesman : there 's no indication any information was distributed outside hospital .  suleman was mother of six when she gave birth to octuplet .
 the home security device that 's always listening <sec> point is a new kind of home security gadget that listens constantly for unusual sounds .  it can pick up a window breaking or loud talking and send an alert to a smartphone .  co-founder nils mattisson spent 7 years in apple 's exploratory design grou .
 do n't rush to join benghazi blame game <sec> critics ask why benghazi attack was not called the work of terrorists right away .  tara maller : assessments evolve over time as intel and evaluations of credibility come in .  analysts must consider multiple and conflicting reports , false leads and claims , she says .  maller : we need to understand the nature of intelligence and risk of false conclusion .
 how to make decisions as a couple <sec> psychologist dr. josh klapow gives tips for couples on decision-making .  be specific about what you want , dr. klapow says .  klapow : stay on track while you are discussing your goals .  collective decisions require a compromise , dr. klapow say .
 actress lives life inspired by mandela <sec> alfre woodard greeted mandela on his first trip to the u.s. after his release from prison .  she has worked with mandela to help combat the aids pandemic in south africa .  woodard co-founded the nonprofit artists for a new south africa in 198 .
 finally , capt . kirk has his cloaking device <sec> capt . .  kirk is commanding a new ship .  it 's not a spacecraft , but a new navy stealth destroyer .  navy capt . .  james kirk shares a name with the star trek characte .
 by the numbers : paul ryan <sec> 51 - percent of the vote received by barack obama in 2008 in ryan 's wisconsin district .  68 - percent of the vote ryan received in the 2010 election , after a recount .  6 - number of days a week you have to work out on the p90x exercise regimen .  1 - times ryan has driven the oscar mayer `` wienermobile .
 graduate students study major disasters <sec> university of minnesota offers master 's program in security technology .  program teaches students how to prepare for natural disasters and terrorist attacks .  many students are professionals , including military and government workers .  program is the brainchild of massoud amin , an iranian-born security exper .
 french star depardieu ditches france for putin 's russia <sec> gerard depardieu has been granted russian citizenship by vladimir putin .  the french silver screen icon deserted france over a proposed tax hike on the richest .  the actor claims to have paid 85 % in taxes in 201 .
 'snn , ' youtube help amplify voices in syria <sec> shaam news network or snn helps distribute amateur videos from syria .  the information is increasingly important as it 's difficult for journalists to report there .  a photo credited to snn came to represent friday 's massacre in houla .  108 people died in the massacre , according to report .
 hague : no role for bashar al-assad in future syria <sec> new : syrian opposition leader says opposition groups will meet to decide on their approach .  kerry : syrian opposition is not calling for al-assad to go before it will join talks .  william hague : `` president assad has no role in a peaceful and democratic syria '' .  peace talks are due to take place in late november in geneva , switzerlan .
 nfl 's tom brady , model gisele bundchen reportedly wed <sec> couple weds at a catholic church in santa monica , california , us weekly reports .  bride wears a dolce & gabbana gown ; her three dogs attend the ceremony .  she 's world 's highest-paid model ; he 's gone to the super bowl four time .
 airstrikes kill isis fighters in iraq , officials say <sec> u.s. cargo planes carrying out another airdrop of water and food , the military says .  a series of airstrikes targets isis fighters attacking yazidis , officials say .  the airstrikes are the first in the sinjar area since isis forced thousands to flee .  no timetable for u.s. airstrikes in iraq , obama say .
 new protest statement builds in iran -- men in head scarves <sec> anti-government protester majid tavakoli recently arrested .  iranian news agency then published picture of tavakoli dressed in a chador .  government critics say the picture was doctored and meant to humiliate tavakoli .  to show solidarity , iranian men post pictures of themselves with head scarves on interne .
 palin : 'i am not a quitter ; i am a fighter ' <sec> new : alaska lawmaker says `` now everything 's about excuses '' .  lawyer : david letterman 's jokes contributed to her decision to step down .  no irs audit , no federal investigation , no state investigation , lawyer says .  lawyer : palin timed announcement to declare `` independence from politics as usual .
 isis beheadings : we 're horrified -- but fascinated <sec> camera has created new kind of crowd in our long history of public beheadings , says frances larson .  larson : isis beheadings were experienced by many viewers like gruesome serial drama .  she says public opinion should refuse to broadcast graphic imagery killers want us to se .
 indiana ca n't kick sex offenders off social media , court says <sec> new : the indiana law banned `` completely innocent '' conduct , the aclu argued .  new : the state 's attorney general said the law protected `` reasonable interests '' .  indiana ca n't slap a `` blanket ban '' on social media for sex offenders , court finds .  federal judges have struck down similar bans in nebraska and louisian .
 u.s. could lose aging eyes in the sky <sec> tights budgets , growing costs and failed launches hurt satellite programs , report finds .  `` we 'll be hobbling through the year 2012 , '' idaho scientist says .  nearly three-quarters of 23 earth-observation satellites could go dark by 2020 .  nasa calls the report `` overly pessimistic .
 southwestern u.s. gets no break from the heat <sec> june is the hottest month on record for las vegas and death valley .  five people are treated for heat-related illnesses at lake mead .  high temperatures are making things worse for firefighters .  excessive heat warnings will last through independence day in some area .
 no . 1 azarenka to face williams sisters in fed cup opener <sec> world no . .  1 victoria azarenka will return to the tennis court this weekend .  the australian open winner will play for belarus against the u.s. in the fed cup .  azarenka 's first match could be against one of venus or serena williams .  venus has not played since late august after being diagnosed with an autoimmune diseas .
 regime insiders among syrian refugees , says u.s. ambassador <sec> regime 's inner circle is fleeing `` little by little , '' u.s. ambassador says .  more than 678,000 syrians have been displaced in the civil war , the u.n. says .  u.s. government says it has spent $ 210 million on the humanitarian crisis so far .  syria asks `` citizens who crossed the border illegally or legally to come back to the country .
 china sentences woman to labor camp for twitter post <sec> cheng jianping goes by the twitter username wangyi09 .  cheng has supported imprisoned nobel peace prize laureate liu xiaobo on twitter .  cheng has high blood pressur .
 baltimore councilman tells cnn : 'thug ' is new n-word <sec> baltimore mayor says she wants to `` clarify '' use of the term .  some community leaders in the city call the term equivalent to the n-word .  others disagree and do n't want the debate overshadowing the issue .
 ron dennis : mclaren 'will return to winning ways ' <sec> mclaren boss ron dennis discusses british team 's chances for 2015 formula one season .  dennis expects start to new season to be `` problematic '' but `` competitiveness will be quickly established '' .  drivers fernando alonso and jenson button need to focus on `` winning and not beating each other '' .  first f1 race of new season gets underway in melbourne on march 1 .
 assault charge against chris brown reduced in d.c. brawl <sec> `` christopher brown committed no crime , '' his attorney says .  brown and his bodyguard had been facing felony assault charges .  the arrest could have serious legal consequence for brown , who is on probation .  brown 's probation officer will prepare a report on the d.c. arrest for a los angeles judg .
 women : 5 ways to protect your heart <sec> heart disease is the no . .  1 killer of americans .  heart disease can be prevented with diet , exercise , sleep and stress-reduction .  smoking is one of the leading causes of heart disease in young peopl .
 weight loss success : rabbi loses 100 pounds <sec> pesach sommer lost 100 pounds after a doctor told him he had type 2 diabetes .  sommer started by riding a stationary bicycle while watching tv .  he ran his first full marathon in january 2008 .  sommer used to weigh 250 pounds ; he now weighs 15 .
 gap ad with sikh defaced , but response shows love , valarie kaur says <sec> gap ad featuring sikh designer and actor waris ahluwalia was defaced .  a photo of the defaced ad went viral and gap responded .  valarie kaur : `` people can 'make love ' in response to hate .
 one woman 's persistence to honor military heroes <sec> pam sterner made the law a mission .  `` it was much tougher than i had expected , '' she said .  her husband created a database of medal winner .
 get u.s. troops out of afghanistan <sec> keith ellison : two-thirds of americans think it 's time to take u.s. troops out of afghanistan .  we accomplished our mission , he writes : bin laden , al qaeda leaders are dead .  the cost of troops in afghanistan takes away from u.s. communities , he says .  ellison : the funds are better spent supporting mideast democracy movement .
 benghazi -- government cover-up or right-wing conspiracy theory ? <sec> house votes to form a select committee ; democrats undecided on taking part .  19 months later , washington remains riven by the benghazi terrorist attack .  a recently divulged email reignites fierce partisan debate from the 2012 election .  republicans see the issue as a vulnerability for hillary clinto .
 new irs chief asks for patience over targeting probe <sec> conference costs have been slashed since 2010 , irs says .  the irs is accused of targeting conservatives and wasting money .  new commissioner says restoring public trust in the tax agency will be `` a difficult process '' .  white house spokesman carney laughs off , ignores issa 's `` paid liar '' insul .
 murder charges against elderly new jersey woman with dementia dropped <sec> a judge dropped murder charges against fredricka rosa , 78 , in her husband 's death .  she had been diagnosed with dementia and was deemed unfit to stand trial .  she is believed to have used one of four guns that were kept in the hom .
 police shootings : who 's most likely to be killed ? <sec> simon moya-smith : native americans are more likely to be killed by police .  moya-smith : the death of mah-hi-vist goodblanket highlights the problem .  why are n't protesters marching over the injustice ? .  because we are a forgotten people , he says .  moya-smith : media should pay more attention to shootings of native american .
 are states following stimulus plan rules for schools ? <sec> american recovery and reinvestment act of 2009 signed in february .  preliminary report finds stimulus plan saved 250,000 education jobs .  states have restored nearly all education budget shortfalls for 2009-10 , report says .  some states in trouble with feds for using money to fill gaps , not on required goal .
 philae 's comet landing is amazing ( opinion ) <sec> space has been in the news with a recent rocket explosion and a spaceship crash .  chiao : finally , we hear of positive news with the landing of philae probe on a comet .  he says this is a major feat and success that gets people excited about space exploration .  chiao : philae is poised to help answer important questions about creation of life on eart .
 mcilroy claims fifth pga tour title with deutsche win <sec> northern irishman shoots a final round 67 to claim a one stroke victory .  overnight leader , louis ooshuizen finishes second ; tiger woods two shots back in third .  woods becomes first player to earn $ 100 million on the pga tou .
 fatal wrecks underscore risks for young drivers <sec> `` i need to stop before i have a wreck , '' texas man , 21 , texted shortly before a serious wreck .  traffic fatalities have dropped , but young drivers remain at highest risk , studies show .  distracted driving -- including texting -- is more common , cdc say .
