 u.s. student arrested in egypt says he fainted from fear <sec> derrik sweeney : `` i actually fainted '' .  sweeney : accusations against us `` were fabricated '' .  egyptian prosecutor said a bag of bottles and gasoline was found near the 3 students .  all 3 have returned hom .
 kenya sends mediators to somalia after french woman 's kidnapping <sec> new : tourism minister : security officials weigh whether to attack captors inside somalia .  new : kenyan mediators enter somalia to find out kidnappers ' requests .  the kidnapped woman is `` a kind and gentle person , '' an acquaintance says .  she was taken by somali bandits , kenya 's security minister say .
 rhino horn trade triggers extinction threat <sec> one rhino is killed in south africa every 21 hours threatening the the future of the species .  the military and heavily-armed security guards are fighting the poachers .  powdered rhino horn is used as a medicine in asia sparking a thriving black marke .
 8 foreign fast-food chains worth a taste <sec> there 's no better way to soak up local culture than sampling the fare residents grab on the go .  fast food has been slow to catch on in other countries , and the food is better for it .  sample local `` fast food '' in brazil , germany , china , india or russi .
 lance armstrong to take recovery 'day by day ' <sec> lance armstrong 's broken collarbone was worse than doctors expected .  armstrong was injured monday in crash at spain bike race .  armstrong announced last year he was returning to competitive racin .
 trayvon martin medical examiner fired <sec> shiping bao performed an autopsy on trayvon martin .  he changed his mind on several aspects of the case .  authorities said bao was fired on frida .
 mother who says son was bullied seeks obama 's help <sec> mother says her daughter also has been bullied .  masika bermudez says she wrote a letter to the president .  she says her son complained about bullying before he killed himself .  11-year-old jaheem herrera was found dead in his closet in apri .
 gerry adams : queen 's ireland regret not enough <sec> queen elizabeth expresses sympathy for those who suffered during anglo-irish conflict .  the leader of sinn fein accuses the queen of `` gross understatement '' .  the queen is on a historic visit to the republic of ireland .  she lays a wreath to honor those who fought for irish independence from englan .
 kevin costner 's other career <sec> kevin costner has band , modern west ; new album just out .  costner has actually played music for years , band happened organically .  costner not bothered by reviews , tries to do things because he loves the .
 police probe virginia teen alexis murphy 's disappearance <sec> alexis murphy , 17 , disappeared august 3 , according to cnn affiliates .  suspect says through lawyer he was not last person to see the teen .  attorney says police should look for a man with cornrows , caprice .  the senior volleyball player was looking at colleges , her aunt tells statio .
 enough is enough : say no to bullying <sec> anderson cooper : bullying today seems worse than in previous generations .  cooper : when bullied children commit suicide , it 's not just tragic , it 's unacceptable .  through reporting we can increase empathy and help reduce bullying , he says .  cooper : learn more from `` the bully effect , '' which will air on cnn tonight at 8 p.m. e .
 auburn quarterback cam newton wins heisman trophy <sec> auburn 's cam newton wins the heisman trophy as college football 's best player .  he is the quarterback of top-ranked tigers , who will play in the national title game .  ncaa cleared him to play after probe of pay-for-play schem .
 catastrophe spawns social transformation among japanese youth <sec> vice looks at how young people in japan are coping one year after the tsunami .  pharrell williams , who has deep interest in japan 's music and fashion scenes , leads the way .  crew finds a breakout social media scene that 's at odds with traditional japanese way .
 cnn student news transcript - may 10 , 2013 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 mark cavendish : confessions of a speed freak <sec> mark cavendish is a record-breaking road race cyclist .  the british sprinter says he always had to win at everything , even as a kid .  cavendish also trains his brain regularly with sudoku puzzles .  a photographic memory helps him remember `` every pothole '' in each circui .
 opinion : what leno leaves behind <sec> ed bark : jay leno , inexplicably dumped as `` tonight show '' host , has final show thursday .  he says critics have n't been big fans , but public was ; his nielsen ratings dominate late-night .  he says departure shakes up late-night , makes letterman , last of old-schoolers , vulnerable .  bark : fallon likable and appeals to younger crowd , but short on some late-night host skill .
 schoolyard video shows boy who 'd become jihadi john <sec> video shows a young mohammed emwazi in a west london schoolyard .  he covers his face at times , skips and playfully jostles with students at others .  u.s. authorities say emwazi grew up to be the isis terrorist known as jihadi joh .
 seven families making 'work and family ' work <sec> facebook coo sheryl sandberg says women should `` lean in '' to leadership .  families around the country share their struggles and successes .  go to cnn ireport to add your story about making work and family wor .
 google glass targeted as symbol by anti-tech crowd <sec> two recent cases saw google glass users attacked in san francisco .  both appeared linked to protests over tech industry 's role in the city .  protesters say tech jobs are gentrifying the classically quirky city .  users say most glass interactions are positiv .
 michigan mayor fires back at madonna 's dis <sec> madonna angers the rochester hills , michigan , mayor by criticizing the town .  `` i ca n't be around basic , provincial-thinking people , '' the singer sai .
 clooney , u.n. , google team up to monitor sudan using satellite <sec> the effort will help reduce violence during the january referendum , organizers say .  the satellites will assess the situation on the ground for any signs of conflict .  it 's funded by not our watch , co-founded by george cloone .
 castro 's sister : she helped cia against cuban leaders <sec> memoir by fidel castro 's sister , juanita , says she worked for cia .  communicated via coded messages on short-wave radio .  cooperated with cia between 1961 and 1969 ; left cuba in 1964 for miami .  agreed to help on condition she did not do anything violent against her brother .
 is poor economy to blame for rise in diaper rash ? <sec> cdc reports disposable diaper sales fell a whopping 9 % last year .  there was a 2.8 % increase in diaper rash cream , despite fewer babies .  parents shell out an average of $ 1,500 a year for diaper .
 another problem for greece : emerging hub for terrorists <sec> greece is close to turkey , has an influx of illegal migration from syria and is in a dire financial situation .  these factor help make it an inviting hub for jihadist groups , experts say .  says one source : 'greece is not a target , just a gateway into europe .
 do n't become a `` bull in a china shop , '' chinese state media tells u.s . <sec> u.s. officials announced new defense strategy this week .  it makes the asia-pacific region a key focus for u.s. military power .  xinhua editorial says u.s. `` should abstain from flexing its muscles '' in the region .  `` all the trends '' are pointing toward the pacific as strategic focus , top u.s. general say .
 ukraine calls for renewal of anti-terror measures <sec> kerry warns lavrov that sanctions could be increased .  `` as a result of what 's going on in ukraine , '' u.s. troops add drills in europe .  acting president oleksandr turchynov calls for renewal of anti-terror measures .  vp joe biden tells ukraine pm the united states has his country 's bac .
 study : bush , aides made 935 false statements in run-up to war <sec> study searched database for statements by bush , aides , in 2001-2003 .  bush made 260 false statements about iraqi weapons , al qaeda , study says .  study accuses former secretary of state colin powell of 244 false statements .  also on the list : cheney , rumsfeld , rice , former white house spokesme .
 do selfies erode our humanity ? ( opinion ) <sec> maxwell morton allegedly killed a teenager and posted a selfie with the victim on snapchat .  sally kohn : is a selfie culture in any way responsible for senseless actions .
 wind power helps ski resort during recession <sec> jiminy peak bills itself as first north american ski resort with wind turbine .  ski resort 's turbine shaves $ 450,000 a year from energy bill .  turbine produces enough power for more than 600 homes .  boston professor warns that wind turbines kill bats that help ecosyste .
 seattle couple charged with kidnapping , torture of husband 's 13-year-old brother <sec> the boy 's brother and the brother 's wife allegedly abused the boy .  they are charged with kidnapping , unlawful imprisonment and assault .  the boy is from atlanta and was staying with them for the summer .  he escaped two weeks ago by chewing duct tape off his hand .
 u.s. pastor jailed in iran is moved , relative can not visit , group says <sec> authorities have moved iranian-american pastor , saeed abedini to a more dangerous prison .  a law firm says the prison in tehran is now prohibiting family visits .  abedini was arrested last year `` on charges related to his religious belief .
 egypt , jordan , and the arab world 's 'watershed ' moment <sec> new : analyst : a `` can-do nation attitude '' is emerging .  whether jordan 's king will gain support is a `` million dollar question '' .  `` it 's really unprecedented , '' hounshell says .  experts believe monarchies may be more secur .
 items taken from michael jackson 's doctor 's buildings listed <sec> texas office and storage unit of dr. conrad murray searched .  among items seized are pills , computer hard drives , contact lists , officials say .  jackson 's former nurse says she has been asked for copies of records .  murray 's lawyer says his client `` should not be a target of criminal charges .
 security stepped up at philippines procession after terror threats <sec> the government has received 'serious threats , ' a presidential adviser says .  the annual catholic festival draws millions of devotees .  the president orders security forces to step up measures .  the threat is said to come from a muslim autonomous region of the countr .
 witnesses describe violence in iran as protesters stand firm <sec> report alleges arrests , beatings , shooting , fire in attack at university of tehran .  twitter feed shows people apparently shot in city about 200 miles south of tehran .  nurse says police in shiraz in southwestern iran have put a damper on protest .
 iran 's khatami wo n't run for president , state news agency says <sec> mohammad khatami reportedly said last month he 'd run in june elections .  now he throws support behind mir hossein moussavi , state news agency reports .  both are moderates , would like to oust hardline president mahmoud ahmadinejad .  supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei still holds the real power in ira .
 a newtown teacher 's boyfriend remembers his love <sec> lauren rousseau 's lifelong dream was to become a teacher .  she baked cupcakes , made funny cards , hesitated to honk at drivers because that seemed mean to her .  her boyfriend , tony lusardi , told cnn that he 's glad he had one year with her .  he longs for her , wakes up clutching a pillow that smells of he .
 u.s. should embrace latin america <sec> frida ghitis : as u.s. starts to look to asia , it overlooks the opportunities in latin america .  countries like brazil are booming economically and have strong democracies , she says .  ghitis says others have noticed : china overtook u.s. as brazil 's main commercial partner .  ghitis : 50 million latinos in the u.s. also create a strong , natural foundation for alliance .
 rare polar creatures in trouble <sec> paul nicklen photographs the wildlife of the polar regions .  he says receding sea ice poses major challenge to ecosystem .  polar bears , many other creatures rely on ice to sustain life , he say .
 once-in-a-lifetime 12/12/12 date spawns mass weddings , superstitions <sec> one las vegas chapel is offering 40 different wedding packages for 12/12/12 .  an indian numerologist says wednesday is a great day for making investments .  pope benedict sends his first official tweet wednesday .  some people on twitter are underwhelmed by the unusual dat .
 alabama immigration law : deal would block controversial restrictions <sec> alabama agrees a judge should block enforcement of some parts of the law .  attorney general : `` it is up to washington ... to enforce the country 's immigration laws '' .  civil rights groups call the settlement agreement a victor .
 u.s. , libya deal closes book on lockerbie <sec> deal ends libya 's liability in lawsuits from families of victims of terrorist acts .  libya to pay more than $ 700 million to settle lockerbie , la belle disco cases .  libya will be exempt from law allowing terror victims to be paid with frozen asset .
 shark fins off the menu at top hotel <sec> luxury hotel chain bans shark 's find products .  peninsula hotels to impose ban from january .  73 million sharks are slaughtered each year for their fins .  one in three shark species threatened with extinctio .
 celebs respond to dying teen 's viral video <sec> zach sobiech was diagnosed at 14 with osteosarcoma , a bone cancer .  last may , zach was given a year to live after doctors ran out of treatment options .  zach 's song `` clouds '' went viral on youtube ; now celebs have posted a respons .
 unions endorse , will join occupy wall street protests <sec> labor leaders say the occupy wall street protesters raise issues they support .  the movement is more than two weeks old .  protesters are camping in a park in new york 's financial district .  labor organizers do n't have an estimate on wednesday 's participatio .
 gingrich : stay out of syria 's civil war <sec> u.s. is considering a military strike on syria in response to chemical weapons attack .  newt gingrich : the atrocities are deplorable , but there is no desirable side in syria .  as terrible as this civil war is , it can not be our war , gingrich says .  gingrich : a much more serious threat to u.s. interests is possibility of iran nuclear bom .
 opinion : ben carson , admirable man with a mistaken philosophy <sec> cynthia tucker : republicans are desperate for more high-profile black candidates .  she says they have swooned over ben carson , a renowned surgeon who rose from poverty .  carson has a great life story but puts too much faith in the power of self-reliance , she says .  tucker : many americans realize that outside forces also determine success or failur .
 highway patrol : agent asks to postpone tiger woods interview again <sec> new : law does n't require statement , but it 's `` very unusual '' not to do so , police say .  new : police will seek surveillance tape and review 911 call , spokeswoman says .  florida highway patrol wanted to talk about car crash outside woods ' home .  troopers had tried to speak to the golfer friday , but his wife said he was sleepin .
 russia : we can survive if fed winds down stimulus <sec> russian finance minister says the country will not suffer from fed dialing back stimulus .  comments come as markets slump on suggestions program will wind back later this year and end in 2014 .  anton siluanov said the lack of speculative capital in russia would protect it better than other developing economies .  the country is looking to spur its economy internally with infrastructure spend and service cost-cuttin .
 stay married if you want kids <sec> leah ward sears : couples unwilling to make commitment to rewarding marriage .  sears : obamas exemplify good marriage , committed to reconcile differences and tough it out .  sears ' order of priorities : school , work , marriage with goal of spending life together , children .  advice : stop glorifying single parenthood ; support dads and husbands ; revisit divorce la .
 indiana hiv outbreak a public health emergency <sec> seventy nine cases of hiv have been confirmed in scott county , indiana .  all cases are linked to intravenous drug us .
 ntsb : no distress call prior to ups cargo plane crash in alabama <sec> new : there was no distress call from the pilots prior to impact , the ntsb says .  ntsb investigators unable to immediately retrieve plane 's recorders , official says .  the pilot and co-pilot of the ups plane die in the crash .  a photograph shows the jet 's crumpled front end resting amid debri .
 buffalo area braces for more snow <sec> new : 20 to 30 more inches of snow expected thursday .  elderly man with cardiac condition becomes 7th storm fatality .  cost of this storm may wipe out storm budgets planned for entire winter .  buffalo residents and emergency personnel come together during massive stor .
 south carolina gov . sanford admits extramarital affair <sec> s.c. gov . .  mark sanford apologizes for affair with argentine woman .  sanford had been in buenos aires , argentina .  staff had said he was hiking along the appalachian trail .  governor 's whereabouts were unknown after his bruising session with legislatur .
 legally blind contestant is a first for miss florida usa pageant <sec> connor boss , 18 , is the first legally blind contestant to compete in miss florida usa .  she was diagnosed with a hereditary eye disease at age 8 .  boss , a college freshman , says winning the pageant is n't why she 's competing .  'if i can inspire one person , i feel like i 've won already , ' she say .
 russian diplomats charged in alleged medicaid fraud scheme <sec> russian diplomats falsified income statements to qualify for medicaid , u.s. attorney says .  most of the $ 1.5 million in benefits went to prenatal care and childbirth , complaint says .  the 49 defendants spent lavishly while receiving benefits , complaint allege .
 is america becoming a house divided against itself ? <sec> authors : americans bear responsibility for broken government .  studies show that the moderate center is being hollowed out , they say .  ties that bound communities together are eroding , authors say .  gergen , zuckerman : there 's hope that a new generation could reverse the tren .
 eu : ukraine 's tymoshenko beaten in prison <sec> eu foreign policy chief catherine ashton says she is concerned .  ashton : the ukrainian ombudsperson 's office confirmed the beating .  tymoshenko went on a hunger strike after the beating .  she is serving a 7-year sentence for abuse of authorit .
 new violence clouds future for south african mines <sec> violence at south african mines creating uncertainty in the industry .  last year , thousands of striking workers halted operations at many of the country 's mines .  strike-related violence at lonmin 's marikana mine in august left 44 dead .  the unrest has prompted some investors to look at alternative option .
 jet was 5 miles from canadian airport when it crashed , killing 12 <sec> canada 's transportation safety board is investigating the crash .  first air says it is `` cooperating fully '' with the investigation .  eight passengers and the crew of four died in the jet cras .
 going it alone : avoiding single supplements <sec> companies sometimes drop single supplements for the first few people who book .  discounts for singles abound in the less busy off-season .  tour companies based in europe are less likely to charge a supplemen .
 obama , republicans spar over starting point for health care summit <sec> president spoke after meeting with top congressional leaders from both parties .  obama : summit a way to `` establish some common facts '' on health care .  gop plans have called for smaller steps , such as limiting malpractice suits .  obama : health care reform is the `` best way to bring down our deficits .
 benghazi suspect abu khatallah pleads not guilty <sec> ahmed salin faraj abu khatallah faces 18 charges including murder .  he was arrested in a military raid in libya in june .  his defense attorney says prosecutors have not provided many documents .  a prosecutor cites a large volume of material .
 two accused of blackmailing italian prime minister berlusconi <sec> couple arrested at their rome home .  they are accused of blackmailing the italian prime minister .  berlusconi said he gave the family money out of charit .
