 canine controversy : chinese festival serves up dog meat <sec> yulin 's annual dog meat festival draws controversy .  animal rights advocates want people to stop eating dog meat .  defenders say eating dog meat is like eating bee .
 character actor pat hingle dies at 84 <sec> pat hingle appeared in many tv series , movies .  hingle played commissioner gordon in '90s `` batman '' films .  hingle also had roles in `` m*a*s*h , '' `` st . .  elsewhere , '' `` cheers .
 kaufman county , texas , on edge after 2 prosecutors killed <sec> neighbor tells cnn affiliate that da 's wife was 'not worried ' about him .  kaufman county district attorney mike mclelland , wife found dead saturday .  `` they better come prepared , '' da told a friend after assistant 's killing .  defense attorney says it appears the mclelland killings were `` personal .
 'arrested development ' : what the critics are saying <sec> `` arrested development '' premiered its fourth season on netflix sunday .  the anticipation has been building for more than a year .  overall , critics were slightly disappointed .  creator mitch hurwitz and producer ron howard have thanked fans for suppor .
 officials : al qaeda claims responsibility for bhutto killing <sec> fbi , department of homeland security issue bulletin thursday .  bulletin says two al qaeda associates made claim to news agency .  `` we terminated the most precious american asset , '' associate says .  dhs official says the claim has not been confirme .
 india faith leaders : anti-gay law must stay <sec> religious groups in india say they will oppose moves to legalize homosexuality .  federal government set to hold talks on law classifying same-sex acts as crimes .  court due to rule on petition filed by nonprofit group challenging anti-gay la .
 police say mother admits killing teen-aged children for being `` mouthy '' <sec> a tampa , florida , mother is accused of killing her two children .  police say julie k. schenecker told them she killed her kids because they were `` mouthy '' .  schenecker was booked on suspicion of first-degree murde .
 egypt unrest : 5 key questions <sec> egypt is looking at its second power change in two years .  mohamed morsy , the country 's first democratically elected president , was removed from office .  large-scale protests began on the first anniversary of his electio .
 obama orders resumption of military commissions at guantanamo <sec> new : democrat nadler calls the plan disappointing .  obama and defense secretary say civilian trials of terror suspects also should continue .  the president orders periodic reviews of detainees .  congressional republicans welcome the mov .
 sandusky defense : a 'smoking gun ' and david fighting goliath <sec> defense strategy in sandusky case was to tear down accusers , families , cops .  character witnesses portrayed former penn state coach as role model , do-gooder .  defense calls 16-minute tape between accuser 's attorney and investigator a smoking gu .
 nigeria 's 'super eagles ' end ivory coast 's afcon hopes <sec> nigeria into semifinals of africa cup of nations after beating ivory coast 2-1 on sunday .  late goal from sunday mba puts `` super eagles '' into a last-four clash with mali .  ivorians had been favored with star players such as didier drogba and yaya toure .  burkina faso beat togo 1-0 after extra time in last quarterfinal at nelsprui .
 'all-american muslim ' sells out , despite lowe 's withdrawal <sec> hip hop mogul russell simmons vows to buy unsold ad time .  lowe 's cites `` lightning rod '' worries for decision to pull its ads from the tlc show .  a florida group says the show tries to `` manipulate americans into ignoring the threat of jihad '' .  the 8-part series follows five muslim families living in dearborn , michiga .
 kauto star : racing legend 's first steps in new sport <sec> steeplechasing great kauto star shows off some moves in his new sport , dressage .  two-time cheltenham gold cup winner has been learning dressage since late 2012 .  dressage debut comes in a demonstration at the olympia horse show in london .  no plans for kauto star to add an olympics appearance to his many racing honour .
 'young stevie wonder ' steals spotlight from susan boyle <sec> 12-year-old welsh boy shines on `` britain 's got talent '' with motown voice .  shaheen jafargholi earned standing ovation from judge simon cowell .  cowell had earlier halted jafargholi 's audition and got him to change songs .  show has become a global hit following susan boyle 's performance last wee .
 no bail for florida man charged after baby thrown from car <sec> richard anthony mctear jr. threatened `` to kill the both of y'all , '' baby 's mother says .  mctear , 21 , threw child across room , then out of car , authorities say .  a motorist found the baby boy on interstate 275 in tampa , florida , around 4:30 a.m . .  mctear , who was not related to boy , faces charges of first-degree murder , kidnappin .
 study : teen access to plan b uneven <sec> the odds of getting pregnant rise by about 50 % every 12 hours after unprotected sex .  study : teenagers were twice as likely as doctors to be put on hold .  the fda lowered the age from 18 to 17 in 2009 for emergency contraception acces .
 kenya : before british soldier 's slaying , suspect was tied to terror <sec> kenya says michael adebolajo was arrested in 2010 and handed over to british officials .  kenyan police detained him and six others suspected of links to al-shabaab , an official says .  authorities are looking into adebolajo 's travels to east africa .  six arrests have been made in connection with a british soldier 's killing , police sa .
 nuclear plants need real security <sec> obama administration is backing expansion of nuclear power .  charles faddis says u.s. should first make existing plants secure .  he says security forces are n't well-trained or numerous enough to counter threats .  faddis : a terrorist attack at a nuclear plant could have dire consequence .
 maria sharapova shocked in paris semis <sec> world no . .  5 maria sharapova loses to compatriot anastasia pavlyuchenkova in french event .  pavlyuchenkova will play sara errani or alize cornet in sunday 's final .  in men 's davis cup , 2013 runner-up serbia loses 3-0 to switzerland in first round .  spain and australia also exit by the same margin , losing to germany and franc .
 suspected russian spy missing in cyprus <sec> new : suspect gone after missing wednesday check-in with police .  new : suspect faces deportation to united states .  new : state department has no plans to expel russian diplomat .
 ohio hero dog collects $ 25k+ for her care <sec> more than $ 28,000 is donated for carmen , a 9-year-old boxer .  dog unsuccessfully tried to save her owner in a ohio house fire .  `` our family continues to be amazed at the amount of donations , '' victim 's brother say .
 obama unveils plans for pared-down military <sec> new : panetta meets with british defense secretary .  president barack obama outlines a review of pentagon strategy .  the new pentagon plan calls for measured spending cuts .  republican critics say the plan undermines u.s. military powe .
 commander : u.s. to help train libyan forces <sec> training likely to take place in europe , official says .  training planned for conventional troops and counterterrorism forces .  the deadly benghazi attack last year struck a chord with americans .  libya is overwhelmed by militia .
 child pulled from rubble two days after quake ; searches go on <sec> new : 11-year-old girl 's leg spared from amputation .  15 rescuers worked five hours to free trapped security worker .  haitians use hands , brawn to lift large slabs of concrete .  trapped victims punch out bricks , try to squeeze through cracks in fallen building .
 five u.s. contractors held in slaying of another in iraq <sec> new : weapons confiscated in raid of suspects ' firm , official says .  five arrested in death of fellow contractor james kitterman .  kitterman found bound , blindfolded and fatally stabbed .  victim owned a construction company that operated in ira .
 neil armstrong 's remains committed to the sea <sec> neil armstrong , first man to walk on moon , died august 25 at age 82 .  armstrong 's wife participates in ceremony aboard uss philippine sea .  hundreds attended armstrong 's memorial at washington national cathedral on thursda .
 will chief justice john roberts anger conservatives ? - cnnpolitics.com <sec> john roberts is at judicial crossroads as high court to hear key same-sex marriage case .  case could decide whether same-sex couples nationwide have constitutional right to marry .  chief justice disappointed conservatives earlier when he helped uphold obamacar .
 f1 : daniil kvyat confirmed at toro rosso <sec> russia 's daniil kvyat named toro rosso 's new driver for 2014 .  kvyat will replace daniel ricciardo , who is joining red bull .  the 19-year-old came through red bull junior driving program .  kvyat will team up with jean-eric vergne next seaso .
 the 'kate effect ' : australia feels the royal force of fashion <sec> the `` kate effect '' sees everything that the duchess of cambridge wears sell out .  the website what kate wore identifies her outfits within minutes of her appearances .  she is known for championing high-street labels , and wearing garments more than once .  now prince george seems to have the same fashion pul .
 injured azarenka adds to toronto withdrawals <sec> victoria azarenka pulls out of wta tournament in toronto .  two-time australian open winner has a back injury .  she lost in the final of carlsbad tournament to samantha stosur .  montreal masters starts monday with novak djokovic cefending titl .
 report : 22 killed in moscow train derailment <sec> new : the death toll rises to 22 , ria novosti says .  new : more than 120 people are hospitalized .  three metro train cars derailed in a tunnel during rush hour , itar-tass says .  the cause of the derailment is not clear ; officials have ruled out terroris .
 opinion : workplace equality for gays gets serious support <sec> poll finds 80 % of voters think nobody should be fired for being gay or transgender .  alex lundry : proposed law would extend workplace protection to lgbt people .  lundry : it 's smart policy and smart politics for republican leaders to support .  treating others as we would like to be treated is a conservative value , he say .
 taekwondo star kicks referee in the face <sec> cuba 's angel matos kicks referee in the face during bronze medal match .  matos was furious with sweden 's chakir chelbat after being disqualified .  matos and his coach are facing life bans from taekwond .
 friend of gang rape victim blasts school officials over safety <sec> new : cody smith , ari morales , marcelles peter , manuel ortega appear in court .  kami baker , a junior at richmond high , describes night of homecoming dance .  baker said she was a friend of gang rape victim , says they did n't feel safe at school .  baker says 15-year-old victim is a churchgoer who struggled to fit i .
 evangelical latinos say they could be force in midterm elections <sec> new survey shows number of latino evangelical protestants is on the rise .  influential pastor says the group is `` what the country needs right now '' .  republican party needs to be more proactive in community , latinos say .  almost a third of latinos believe neither party cares about them , survey show .
 opinion : do n't underestimate risks of government spying <sec> some officials dismiss the impact of nsa revelations , saying every country spies .  julian zelizer : it 's dangerous to ignore the risk that spying will become too intrusive .  in the 1960s , 1970s , activists were illegally targeted by government agencies in the u.s . .  zelizer : it 's crucial to set limits for government agencies such as ns .
 massachusetts affidavit : details of slaying of teacher colleen ritzer <sec> affidavit describes chilling note allegedly left by massachusetts teen after killing teacher .  `` i hate you all , '' said handwritten note found next to body of colleen ritzer .  court papers say philip chism was upset after teacher spoke of his home state , tennesse .
 why traditional dating is dead <sec> jessica massa : it 's 2013 , and traditional dating as we know it is dead .  massa : happy couples connected in more natural and ambiguous settings .  she says some people miss traditional dating when gender roles were obvious .  massa : other young people feel that dating is too formal and full of pressur .
 cuban travel reform a home run for baseball star who defected <sec> in 2002 , cuban pitcher jose ariel contreras defected , signed with yankees for $ 32 million .  he ran the risk of never seeing cuba again , as the government considered him a traitor .  but cuba is lifting some restrictions on those who want to travel abroad and return .  contreras , the first sports star to test the new law , returns for a visit after `` years of pain .
 gay u.s. ambassador faces backlash in dominican republic <sec> the new u.s. ambassador to the dominican republic is openly gay and married .  james brewster introduces his husband in a video posted on the embassy 's website .  some religious groups protest his appointment .  others welcome his arrival , which was front-page news in many dailie .
 tarantino and pitt : the long-awaited love affair <sec> hash-smoking duo took years to find the right film to work on .  it 's been 16 years since the two were connected by tarantino 's `` true romance '' .  they now get along `` like a house on fire .
 bianchi unconscious as he begins rehabilitation program <sec> jules bianchi remains unconscious in french hospital .  family says formula one driver has started rehab .  frenchman sustained a diffuse axonal injury at japanese grand pri .
 jeremy renner opens up on secret marriage <sec> jeremy renner confirms he 's married to the mother of his daughter .  the actor welcomed his first child with sonni pacheco in march 2013 .  he did n't say anything about the marriage to protect his family 's privac .
 u.n. chief urges global leaders to launch green climate fund <sec> the ministers come from nations considered most vulnerable to climate change .  an important world-wide climate change meeting is coming up in south africa .  the ministers agreed to stand united on a number of climate issue .
 piers to hollywood : get out of the stone ( washed ) ages <sec> piers morgan thinks hollywood should stop rebooting 80s franchises .  many 80s films , by contrast , took place during the era when filmmakers of the day grew up .  today , the people green lighting projects came of age in the 80s .  `` dirty dancing '' is being remade , but original choreographer kenny ortega will direc .
 serena back on top of the world <sec> serena williams will return to the top of the world rankings on monday .  at 31 , williams is the oldest woman to achieve the feat .  u.s. star defeated petra kvitova in quarterfinals at doha .  williams to face maria sharapova in semifinal .
 in school shootings , patterns and warning signs <sec> katherine newman : bucolic country towns are locus for most school shootings in u.s . .  she says her research shows patterns in such shootings ; they are often planned far in advance .  she says attackers often hint at plans ; they long to fit in , gain peers ' attention acceptance .  newman : we must provide settings for children to confide in adult .
 opinion : obama is right on climate change <sec> chris field : u.s. urgently needs to heed obama 's climate action plan .  he says we 've been pumping massive amounts of co2 into atmosphere since 1800s .  he says our buildings , cars , power plants commit us to to a path that needs to change .  field : if we do n't , we face weather extremes , threats to human healt .
 wenger : english premier league title beyond arsenal <sec> arsenal manager arsene wenger says his team are out of the epl title race .  london club beaten 1-0 by leaders manchester city at the etihad stadium .  sunday 's defeat leaves arsenal fifth , 12 points behind roberto mancini 's cit .
 what chris brown would say to ray rice <sec> chris brown spoke about domestic violence in light of the ray rice incident .  the artist has his own history with the issue .  the key for brown has been consistent therapy .  brown : `` it 's all about choices .
 costa cruises announces new safety initiatives <sec> new costa safety rules allow crew members to issue orders .  guest safety training will be tracked electronically .  access to a ship 's bridge will be limited during critical navigation phase .
 allies ' best war photographer in army 's biggest battle <sec> robert capa was widely considered to be the best photographer of world war ii .  capa spent a few days photographing the battle of the bulge in late december 1944 .  capa had a few close calls while photographing the battl .
 yemeni sheik 's terror conviction thrown out <sec> mohammed ali al-moayad , aide were convicted of supporting terrorism .  court says prejudicial evidence denied pair a fair trial .  al-moayad , zayed may be retried or cases may be dismissed .  witness said al-moayad boasted about giving money to osama bin lade .
 'glee ' star cory monteith found dead in hotel in canada <sec> director says he talked with monteith day of his death ; he sounded happy .  the glee actor missed his checkout time , staff found him dead .  police rule out foul play .  monteith , 31 , spent time in rehab this yea .
 beijing professor builds illegal mountain villa on apartment rooftop <sec> villa built on top of beijing apartment block faces demolition .  structure covered by rocks , trees and bushes in the shape of a mountain peak .  residents concerned about safety of structur .
 addicted gamers are sweet on 'candy crush ' <sec> `` candy crush saga '' is among most-downloaded mobile games for android , apple devices .  game is most popular app on facebook , where it has almost 32 million fans .  report : its creator , london-based game publisher king , has plans to go public .  gamer : `` if i 'm not careful , it can suck up a half hour or an hour real quick .
 world cup stadium buyer pulls out <sec> company pulls out of a deal to take over the running of cape town 's world cup stadium .  ssoc were due to take up a 30-year lease on the venue on november 1 .  city of cape town will now take charge of the $ 600 million stadium .  mayor promises events will continue to take place in the stadium as planne .
 hospitals respond to colorado theater shooting <sec> hospitals in denver area have been doing biannual emergency drills .  gunshot wound patients are fairly regular at denver health , although not on this scale .  local hospitals say they were well prepared .  medical staffs includes doctors who treated victims at columbin .
 sotu rebuttals highlight immigration challenge for gop - cnnpolitics.com <sec> iowa sen. joni ernst and florida rep. carlos curbelo gave divergent sotu responses for the gop .  curbelo mentioned immigration reform as a priority , while ernst did n't mention it at all .  the disconnect reflects a broader struggle within the gop to appease its base while reaching out to minority voter .
 study : threat of muslim-american terrorism in u.s. exaggerated <sec> study released wednesday by researchers at duke university and unc-chapel hill .  139 people listed as `` muslim-american terrorism offenders '' since 9/11 .  summarized research involving interviews of more than 120 muslims in four u.s. communities .  study : ideology `` that justifies the use of violence for political ends '' is roundly condemne .
 bye-bye bora bora -- 15 other islands in french polynesia <sec> french polynesia has 118 islands and atolls to vacation on .  rangiroa has tiger and hammerhead sharks , dolphins , green turtles and eagle rays .  moorea rivals bora bora as a honeymoon location .  nuku hiva has adventurous jungle hiking and horseback riding across the islan .
 why 3-d prosthetics are the future ( opinion ) <sec> robert graboyes : 3-d printers are opening up possibilities for low-cost prosthetics .  fda-approved prosthetic hands , for example , can cost $ 40,000 . .  printed ones , about $ 50 .  he says `` permissionless innovation '' lets design of 3-d printed hands quickly evolve .  graboyes : such unleashed innovation should be applied across all of health car .
 emotional funeral for australian cricketer phil hughes <sec> australian cricketer phillip hughes ' funeral took place in his hometown wednesday .  hughes died after being hit in the head by a cricket ball last week .  his friend , the australian cricket captain michael clarke , said he felt his spirit .  he said his friend had `` left a mark on our game that needs no embellishment .
 haitian siblings survive earthquake , meet their new family <sec> brother and sister flown from haiti to join their adoptive family in florida .  orphanage housing dayana and moise had partially collapsed in earthquake .  big smiles , hugs when they finally joined their family for good , mom say .
