 chapel hill shooting suspect indicted <sec> clerk 's office : craig hicks has been indicted on three counts of first-degree murder .  he also is charged with discharging a firearm into an occupied dwellin .
 delta flight makes emergency landing in colorado <sec> delta flight makes emergency landing in colorado .  the pilot had reported a possible engine problem .  a fire is reported in the main landing gear when the plane touches dow .
 opinion : holocaust artifacts bear witness <sec> u.s . .  holocaust memorial museum has been on a 20th anniversary four-city tour .  museum collects artifacts from survivors and their families to add to its collections .  suzy snyder : when survivors are gone , artifacts , documents , photos and films will tell the stor .
 father theodore hesburgh , notre dame president , dies <sec> father theodore hesburgh was leader of notre dame for 35 years .  over his tenure , he revolutionized university and made it academic powerhouse .  he was adviser to presidents , served key position for pope .
 police : alabama toddler , now presumed dead , was last seen in march <sec> new : the mobile , alabama , police chief vows the search for the siblings ' bodies goes on .  the youngest boy was last seen 8 months ago , when he was presumed killed .  his 4-year-old sister was last spotted in june , and police think she is also dead .  mobile police say the children 's father and stepmother are responsibl .
 dui felon pardoned by mississippi governor facing new charges <sec> new : the mother of a crash victim says , `` i hope no one gives him any more pardons '' .  harry bostick is charged with drunken driving in an october crash that killed a teen .  ex-mississippi gov . .  barbour pardoned him for the third conviction , giving him rights .  e-mails show barbour 's staff knew about the fatal crash before the pardon was issue .
 winter weather wreaks havoc for the holidays <sec> new : eight deaths are reported , including five in kentucky .  more than 250,000 customers are without power in toronto .  new york city sets a record high , breaking old mark of 63 degrees .  heavy rain and severe winds hit the southeas .
 u.s. strikes isis targets near key iraqi dam <sec> new : anbar province leader : iraqi forces fought on ground near haditha .  u.s. says it carried out the airstrikes near haditha dam at the request of iraq .  failure of the dam would affect millions of people who depend on it for their water .  earlier this year , isis fighters opened the gates of falluja dam and flooded village .
 storm leaves much of d.c. without power , sweltering <sec> 8 people are killed in the washington area .  more than a million people are without power .  that meant no fans or ac as the heat index was again above 100 degree .
 tim cook 's biggest challenge : sustaining apple 's amazing growth <sec> maintaining apple 's rapid growth will be a big challenge for new ceo tim cook .  cook must keep driving product development and apple 's logistics revolution .  apple could end up shipping more than 175 million gadgets this year .  cook is expected to unveil a new iphone tuesday in californi .
 buy-american vs. safety makes for battle over military uniforms <sec> uniforms made in georgia by tencate company , using a fabric called defender m .  it is favored by the military for its fire-resistant and breathable properties .  fabric uses rayon from austria , which normally violates buy-american requirement .  amendment at issue would continue to allow special rayon to be importe .
 photographer : inauguration like no moment i 've ever witnessed <sec> photographer peter turnley covered president barack obama 's inauguration .  he traveled by bus with 40 african-americans from brooklyn , new york .  moment was like no other `` in terms of its historic magnitude , '' turnley say .
 federer , djokovic on form at u.s. open <sec> number two seed roger federer defeats andreas beck in straight sets .  serbia 's novak djokovic also into the third round after beating philipp petzschner .  nikolay davydenko becomes the highest placed seed to be eliminated .  marian cilic also suffers defeat against kei nishikori of japa .
 benedict a pope aware of his flaws <sec> sister mary ann walsh : pope benedict acknowledged that he made mistakes .  walsh : in firestorm over scholarly quotes about islam , he went to great lengths to atone .  walsh : similarly , he quickly reversed a decision that had angered jews and repaired ties .  even his stepping down is a nod to his humanity and his love of the church , she say .
 apparently this matters : russian space sex geckos <sec> russia 's space agency sent five geckos into space to observe reproduction in zero gravity .  that 's right ... space sex geckos .  for several days , mission control lost contact with the satellite .  if you want to know what happened to the geckos you actually need to read the stor .
 severe storms cause flooding , outages in chicago <sec> new : a flood warning remains in effect until 7 p.m . .  severe storms have caused thousands to lose power in chicago .  the storms have moved into downtown .  flooding has forced officials to close some roadway .
 suspects in 1978 disappearances plead not guilty <sec> two men charged in disappearances of five teens in new jersey .  witness told police 18 months ago that case was linked to arson .  one suspect had been arrested in 1978 but passed lie detector test .  victim 's aunt says she never lost suspicion .
 magazine picks america 's healthiest airports <sec> airports offering nutritious food , special relaxation zones , walking paths and more .  phoenix airport was ranked no . .  1 for healthy eating choices , sushi , edamame .  baltimore/washington international has soft music at security checkpoints .  o'hare airport ranked third because 90 percent of restaurants offer healthy meal .
 court hearing held for six tied to group seeking islamic state in u.s . <sec> new : six appear in federal court thursday , a day after they were arrested in raids .  alleged group leader was fatally shot wednesday after firing at law enforcement agents .  fbi says men were members of ummah , led by former h. rap brown .  law enforcement sources say ummah seeks to set up islamic state in u.s .
 apple ceo has live technical issues <sec> apple ceo steve jobs has internet trouble during a presentation .  jobs was debuting the iphone 4 at an event in san francisco .  wi-fi troubles stop his presentation at one point .  jobs asks conference attendees to get off network so he can continu .
 5 alabama police officers fired over beating caught on camera <sec> footage believed to have been shot in january 2008 after 50-mile chase .  beating occurs after car rolls over , ejecting unconscious man onto ground .  prosecutors found footage while preparing for man 's attempted murder trial .  birmingham mayor says incident recalls days of segregation , police brutalit .
 yong nam , ceo , lg electronics <sec> cnn 's andrew stevens talks to ceo of lg electronics , yong nam .  he became ceo in january , 2007 , has been with the company since 1976 .  nam believes speaking english is very important in the compan .
 iraq crisis : kurds restrict border crossings from mosul <sec> kurdish security forces allow families into region , with significant restrictions .  a combatant tells cnn that isis remains in control of tikrit .  iraqi military official says iraqi jets are targeting isis locations in city of mosul .  reports continue to emerge of atrocities committed by both side .
 mutant fungus croaks frog named after darwin <sec> aggressive fungus wiping out amphibians worldwide .  it has made some species extinct , including a frog species named for charles darwin .  there is another darwin frog that is now endangered .  the male of the species sort of gets pregnant , the way seahorses d .
 george w. bush 's new mission : helping those with the least in africa <sec> former president george w. bush is in zambia with his wife , laura .  they have helped renovate a cancer screening clinic there .  bush : `` i believe strongly that with power and wealth comes a duty to serve the least '' .  `` i did what i did ; i know the spirit in which i did it , '' says bush of his legac .
 experts : circumstances of florida family slayings 'really unusual ' <sec> women make up only about 5 % of mass killers , a criminologist says .  police say tonya thomas shot her four children , then killed herself early tuesday .  911 calls recount confusion over the shootings in port st. john , florida .  neighbors have described a history of public arguments among thomas and her childre .
 radaronline releases another purported gibson rant <sec> the website says the male voice is that of mel gibson .  the man threatens to burn his house down .  it is the fourth such recording released since friday .  police are investigating domestic violence allegations against gibso .
 body found believed that of missing maryland boy <sec> william mcquain , 11 , has been missing for more than two weeks .  mcquain 's mother was found dead at her maryland home october 12 .  a search dog team found the remains in a wooded area , police sa .
 'impressive ' curiosity landing only 1.5 miles off , nasa says <sec> nasa analyzing early entry , landing data to help with future missions .  curiosity landed very near target site , important for relatively tight space .  `` it was an impressive ride , '' said nasa 's allen chen .  rover will take days to install software for full movement , analytic capabilitie .
 spanish judge issues arrest warrants for china 's former president , pm <sec> former president jiang zemin , former prime minister li peng are accused of genocide .  warrants against them and three other officials are the latest in a suit by pro-tibetan groups .  tibet support committee chief : there 's a chance they 'll be arrested if they go abroad .  warrants come just before spain debates seeking justice for foreign human rights abuse .
 9/11 flag heralds funeral service for youngest arizona shooting victim <sec> new : christina green 's family arrives at funeral , passes under flag .  the flag was damaged when one of the world trade center towers fell .  it 's being restored using flags recovered from other disaster .
 the 5 biggest gripes so far about the iphone 4s <sec> the iphone 4s has been massively popular , but there have been some complaints .  some sprint customers have griped about slow data speeds .  tests show that the 4s battery life , in some instances , is weaker than the iphone 4 's .  `` voice assistant '' siri ca n't give directions or find locations outside the united state .
 calif. wildfires temporarily suspend search for aliens <sec> scientists at seti institute 's telescope array had to flee as wildfires closed in .  blazes approached facility from both the east and west .  scientists were later given the ok to retur .
 nra 's lapierre says gun rights struggle a 'long war ' <sec> nra executive rallies supporters ; says `` we will never surrender our guns '' .  says membership in group up since the newtown massacre , at record high .  lapierre goes after president obama , new york mayor michael bloomberg .  says ill-fated background check proposal in senate was ineffectiv .
 colorado prison chief 's death probe extends to texas police chase <sec> new : denver police cite `` strong connection '' between texas case , another homicide .  a man leads law enforcement on a chase , shoots at officers in north texas .  the cadillac driver dies after being shot ; a sheriff 's deputy is injured , authorities say .  authorities say this man may be linked to the shooting death of colorado 's state prisons chie .
 easy diy halloween costumes <sec> real simple share no-hassle halloween costumes that you can throw together last-minute .  prepare a fallen angel or pig-in-a-blanket costume in no time .  using household items , you may not even have to leave your hom .
 spas stepping up pampering for teens <sec> according to the international spa association , 4 million teens have been to a spa .  the spa treatments at orlando 's nick hotel start at just $ 6 .  solace spa at boyne mountain resort in michigan now hosts family night .
 satellite falling to earth <sec> nobody knows where or when fragments will strike earth .  pieces most likely to hit oceans and unpopulated areas .  european space agency launched satellite in 200 .
 alitalia aircraft makes emergency landing in rome <sec> alitalia aircraft makes emergency landing after equipment failure .  none of the 151 passengers on board were injured .  plane was flying to rome from madrid .  pilots made several attempts to land the aircraf .
 wildfires force residents to flee paradise <sec> new : half of paradise 's 26,000 residents have been forced to evacuate .  new : the blaze has torched 40 homes in the area , officials say .  wind gusts , high temperatures make task harder for firefighters .  more than 614,000 acres have burned in california in past few week .
 judge denies former guatemalan dictator amnesty <sec> efrain rios montt will face a genocide trial as planned .  he had asked the court for amnesty .  during his rule , there were massacres in provinces with heavy indigenous population .
 legless high school pitcher strikes out at being cut from team <sec> 16-year-old anthony burruto throws an 80 mph fastball .  `` the coach gave me the excuse that i ca n't cover bunts , '' burruto says .  `` oh , my god ! .  are you serious ? .
 studies : martian atmosphere was destroyed long ago <sec> new measurements of mars ' atmosphere are not promising for current life on that planet .  mars formed about 4.5 billion years ago .  its atmosphere was stripped away by sun , bombardment .  mars curiosity rover found that life could have existed on mars in the distant pas .
 tsa says it focuses on security , not good looks <sec> some women complain of extra security searches at airport , cnn affiliate reports .  senator says he 'll introduce legislation for a passenger advocate .  passengers should file complaints if they feel harassed , agency blogger say .
 can kim kardashian conquer politics too ? <sec> the next glendale , california , municipal elections are in 2017 .  the city 's mayor is selected from the city council .  kim kardashian is a reality star and entrepreneur .  current city councilmembers like the ide .
 what hand will al-maliki play in iraq ? - cnnpolitics.com <sec> analysis : iraqi prime minister has vowed to fight the nomination of his successor .  haider al-abadi , the deputy speaker of parliament , is working to form a government .  the united states backs the prime minister-designate and has stepped up aid .  the militant group islamic state has made sweeping gains in iraq 's nort .
 more than 200,000 kids spanked at school <sec> human rights watch , aclu say spanking `` discourages learning '' .  corporal punishment is used frequently in schools in 13 states ; it 's legal in 21 .  rights groups say such punishments are often disproportionately applied .  evangelical leader 's group says spanking `` can be useful '' in elementary school .
 video shows honduran troops shooting protesters ' bus tires <sec> video shows line of buses stopped on road in honduras .  shouting is heard , some pushing takes place .  gunshots ring out , then video shows soldiers shooting tires .  honduras military says it has not heard of inciden .
 tamir rice shooting is ruled a homicide <sec> tamir rice , 12 , was shot when , police say , he reached for a toy gun in his waistband last month .  police : boy pointed the gun outside a cleveland recreation center ; it turned out to be air gun .  the boy died from a gunshot wound to his torso , the medical examiner say .
 'wonder woman ' director exits the movie <sec> michelle maclaren is no longer set to direct the first `` wonder woman '' theatrical movie .  maclaren left the project over `` creative differences '' .  movie is currently set for 201 .
 yemen 's leader offered to step down next year , source says <sec> new : source says military kills 12 al-qaeda militants in repelling an attack .  u.n. official criticizes crackdown on protesters .  president saleh makes an offer to the opposition , a ruling party official says .  the opposition demands he step down immediatel .
 how america won the 2014 world cup <sec> u.s. faces belgium in world cup last-16 clash in brazil on tuesday .  americans shocked the world by beating england in 1950 tournament .  soccer is growing in popularity in u.s. as coverage spreads .  team usa 's success in group stage brought record audience .
 radiation alarm at new mexico nuclear disposal plant spurs air shutoff <sec> higher levels of airborne radiation trip alarm , shutoff of filtered air .  the late-night alarm occurred with few people around ; no injuries reported .  department of energy awaits test results on whether there was a radiation lea .
 donna summer 's friends gather for disco queen 's funeral <sec> new : david foster and natalie grant among performers .  donna summer died from lung cancer at age 63 .  she rose to fame in the mid-'70s with `` love to love you baby '' .  though she was a disco icon , her grammy wins included r & b , rock , inspirational and dance categorie .
 mike chinoy : tv news was going to change everything <sec> chinoy was on the balcony at the beijing hotel near tiananmen square .  he gave a live commentary on what he was seeing and hearing .  u.s. secretary of state james baker was asked to respond to the breaking news .  chinoy realized that 24-hour television news was going to alter everythin .
 the case against aaron hernandez : where 's the weapon ? <sec> aaron hernandez has been charged with three killings .  he has pleaded not guilty .  the weapon used in the death of odin lloyd has not been foun .
 going up ! space elevator may ride on diamonds <sec> developments in nanotechnology could make an elevator to space possible .  a cable of carbon nanotechnology could tether a space station to earth .  scientists at penn state university have created 'diamond nanothreads ' .  the ride up into space would take seven days , but would cost a fraction of current method .
 opinion : rock musician : i 'll never forget the sight <sec> kenny vance was on tour when sandy struck ; came home to a leveled house .  vance lived in 1916 rockaway beach house for 40 years and cherished it .  his studio , lifetime memorabilia lost ; friend saw his records , books floating into the ocean .  vance is still living in a rented house , trying to deal with red tape and insuranc .
 austrian incest dad vacationed in thailand <sec> incest dad twice holidayed in thailand while daughter remained in cellar .  austrian family terrorized by decades of incest meet for the first time .  josef fritzl kept daughter imprisoned under home for 24 years , police say .  fritzl , who appeared in court tuesday , has admitted guilt and faces 15 years .
 prosecutor : juvenile sexual assault is 'heartrending ' <sec> prosecutor vows justice for girl who says she was sexually assaulted by young boys .  officers call the case one of the worst they have investigated .  victim 's sister wants suspects released because `` we are the same people '' .  police in phoenix , arizona , say 8-year-old girl lured to vacant shed with gu .
 petacchi claims first stage after finish chaos in brussels <sec> alessandro petacchi claims first stage of tour de france in brussels .  fabian cancellara of switzerland retains race leader 's yellow jersey .  a series of crashes mar the finish in the belgian capital sunday .  race favorites alberto contador and lance armstrong survive mayhe .
 refusing to quit , disabled veteran aims to inspire others <sec> noah galloway served two tours of duty in iraq with the u.s. army .  during his second deployment , galloway 's humvee was hit by a roadside bomb .  he lost his left arm above the elbow and his left leg above the knee .  he now competes to inspire others and raise awareness for injured veteran .
 eiffel tower gets dizzying new glass floor <sec> new glass floor offers views of the 57-meter drop from the tower 's first floor .  paris mayor anne hidalgo says glass floor shows the city can still amaze its visitors .  first floor 's $ 38.4 million renovation also includes shops , restaurants and museu .
 police : new evidence found in case of missing north carolina girl <sec> new : biological mother of zahra baker arriving from australia .  a vigil is planned next week on zahra 's birthday .  the 10-year-old 's disappearance is being investigated as a homicide .  the girl 's stepmother is charged with obstruction of justic .
