 kyrgyz president accused of looting state 's coffers <sec> chief of staff of interim government accuses president of raiding state coffers .  death toll from riots rises to 76 ; president 's brother , 2 sons , bishkek mayor charged .  government declares friday , saturday days of mourning as vigilante groups form .  at least 60 people injured in clashes thursday night , health ministry say .
 pope delivers christmas message after mass attack <sec> pope benedict xvi dragged to ground by woman during christmas eve mass .  pope delivers christmas day message ; was unhurt in incident , vatican says .  woman who dragged pope to ground is same one who tried to reach him last year .  cardinal caught up in incident suffered broken leg , vatican say .
 trapped tourists rescued in south african park <sec> new : 32 trapped tourists were rescued at the park thursday .  several camps were stranded after torrential rains fell monday .  80 people have already been evacuated from the kruger national park , officials say .  the park , well-known for its safaris , covers more than 7,500 square mile .
 circumcision reduces risk of herpes and hpv infection <sec> study : circumcision reduces risk of hpv infection and herpes , but not syphilis .  circumcision known to reduce risk of hiv infection and penile cancer .  64 percent of american baby boys circumcised in '95 , down from 90 percent in 70 .
 commentary : king paved the way for obama <sec> clarence jones : martin luther king cured u.s. of addiction to racial segregation .  he says king 's work helped make barack obama 's victory possible .  jones : leaders assumed only white southern presidents could make progress .  he says they never anticipated election of an african-american presiden .
 police : 4th person dead in switzerland factory shooting <sec> new : a fourth person has died as a result of a shooting at a swiss wood company .  new : the weapon used was not military-issued , and it 's unclear if it was legally owned .  new : gunfire wounded six other people at the factory .  the company , which makes wood products , employs 350 people at the crime scen .
 record drought is good business for some <sec> nearly half of the continental u.s. is experiencing severe drought .  more than half of u.s. counties are designated disaster zones .  irrigation systems are benefiting from the extreme drought .  jim reid : `` it 's a debt to me , but it 's a benefit to me to have a commodity to sell .
 michael jackson tribute lineup revealed <sec> fans start registering for tickets thursday .  `` michael forever : the tribute concert '' is set for october 8 in cardiff , wales .  fans gumble because of the line-up announcement delay .  jackson 's mother , four siblings endorse the show , but two brothers objec .
 remains identified as mia major from vietnam war <sec> maj. curtis daniel miller of palacios , texas , was shot down on march 29 , 1972 .  miller and his crew were flying over southern laos when a missile struck their plane .  miller will be buried with full military honors at the dallas-ft. worth national cemeter .
 tsa to speed flight attendants through security <sec> flight attendants are being added to the known crewmember program .  they will not have to undergo full screening like passengers do .  it could take 12 months to phase in the change , the transportation security administration say .
 pirates hijack greek-operated tanker off togo coast <sec> pirates take over a greek-operated tanker off the coast of togo .  the pirates and members of the togo navy exchange gunfire , the international maritime bureau says .  `` this has been an area of risk and a hotspot for number of years , '' a maritime official say .
 british paralympian weir : 'i 'm just trying to give back ' <sec> paralympic wheelchair racer david weir was born with a spinal cord transection .  weir is one of the winningest paralympians on team gb .  he 's starting an academy to help train future wheelchair athlete .
 how apple has changed under tim cook <sec> in the year since steve jobs ' death , tim cook has subtly altered apple 's image .  concerted efforts have been made to reach out to investors and washington .  tim cook 's quieter , more approachable style is setting a new tone at the compan .
 5.9-magnitude earthquake strikes southwest china ; 4 dead <sec> new : four dead , 10 injured in early reports .  quake topples 600 residential units , damages 55,000 in yunnan province .  9,200 people forced to relocate .  same remote region was hit by a quake on wednesda .
 police investigate whether man 's legs severed to fit in coffin <sec> at 6'5 '' , former employee says james hines was too tall for coffin after death in 2004 .  employee told authorities that funeral home took extreme measures to make him fit .  officials exhume body tuesday , find `` undesirable evidence , '' county coroner says .  cave funeral services employee would not commen .
 obama administration to ratchet up hunt for bin laden <sec> president-elect barack obama to renew efforts to hunt down osama bin laden .  `` we will kill bin laden , '' he said in a debate last month .  intelligence officials say it wo n't be easy ; one says spies on the ground is key .  `` i do n't think the american people will accept him surviving and us leaving .
 inter give benitez winning start with super cup triumph over roma <sec> inter milan win fourth trophy this year with 3-1 win over roma in italian super cup .  european champions come from behind with two goals from striker samuel eto'o .  italian rivals juventus sign serbia winger milos krasic from russian club cska moscow .  juve also agree season-long loan for liverpool 's italy midfielder alberto aquilan .
 new zealand boy goes on 'bucket list ' trip to celtics game <sec> louis corbett , 12 , may soon lose his vision due to rare disease .  he attended a celtics game wednesday night , thanks to generous donations .  the new zealand boy got thunderous applause at the gam .
 no news , just ribs at mccain barbecue <sec> sen. john mccain hosts press at arizona ranch .  mccain says barbecues are one of few ways he relaxes during campaign .  `` no interviews , this is a social event , '' mccain tells reporter .
 princes william , harry visit memphis for wedding <sec> the princes ' friend , guy pelly , married memphis resident elizabeth `` lizzy '' wilson .  they attracted a crowd when they dined at the rendezvous restaurant .  on friday , the princes paid a visit to graceland , elvis presley 's home .  the wedding was held saturday at the memphis hunt and polo clu .
 space station crew marks thanksgiving in orbit <sec> smoked turkey , cornbread dressing and russian potatoes for space thanksgiving .  the current station crew is made up of an american and two russian .
 8 tools for finding the perfect hotel <sec> use dealbase to pick a hotel package and to get a breakdown of the estimated costs .  hotelsweep is best for travelers who prefer staying at independently owned properties .  room 77 works like a typical search engine , only it goes into greater detail on hotel amenitie .
 heaviest uk snow in 18 years hits international flights <sec> uk business spokesman : disruptions would likely cost $ 1.7 billion .  meteorologists said snow is worst in southeastern england in 18 years .  major international airports including heathrow , gatwick badly affected .  uk weather service issues severe weather warnings for monday , tuesda .
 harkin giving joni ernst 'benefit of the doubt ' <sec> iowa democratic sen. tom harkin is retiring at the end of his term .  he 'll be replaced by republican sen.-elect joni ernst .  harkin , who backed ernst 's opponent , said she could turn out to be a good senato .
 'fight club ' producer arnon milchan : i helped israeli spy agency <sec> israeli spy agency used milchan 's companies to make weapons-related purchases .  `` i did it for my country and i 'm proud of it , '' arnon milchan told an israeli tv interviewer .  milchan 's films include `` fight club , '' `` pretty woman , '' and `` l.a . .  confidential '' .  a 2011 book detailed his secret work , but until now he has not talked openly about his spyin .
 yingluck shinawatra set to be thailand 's first female premier <sec> the pheu thai party has won at least 262 seats in the 500-seat parliament .  `` the first thing i want to do is help people in their economic situation , '' yingluck says .  her brother , who was ousted in a 2006 coup , is one of thailand 's most polarizing figures .  average voters are more concerned about the economy than political division .
 police use head-mounted cameras to track incidents <sec> axon camera , developed by taser , is mounted behind officer 's ear .  officer activates camera when a situation in the field is to be recorded .  defense attorneys have problems with the officer-activation aspect , storage of recording .  5 departments testing cameras , one has bought a se .
 'execution ' artist rejects tiananmen label <sec> new : `` execution '' sold for $ 5.9 million , a record for contemporary chinese art .  yue : tiananmen was catalyst for `` execution , '' but painting does not depict it .  the big picture is , the world 's human conflict is worth laughing at , yue says .  owner tucked painting away from public view for a decad .
 prince harry 's next visit to the united states <sec> prince harry will be touring the united states , departing thursday .  his last trip , in august 2012 to las vegas , ended with naked photos published worldwide .  harry will not be stopping in las vegas this time .  the prince will represent the interests of his charities and those of the united kingdo .
 gbagbo negotiating surrender , ivory coast foreign minister says <sec> new : man identified as gbagbo tells station he wo n't recognize ouattara win .  gbagbo 's forces laid down their arms , his foreign minister says .  a u.n. official says laurent gbagbo has asked for u.n. protection .  the u.n. envoy to ivory coast says combat is ove .
 how to break the work addiction <sec> workaholism , or compulsive working , takes many forms .  for some , long work hours can become an addiction .  this compulsion can diminish productivity and sour work relationships workaholics do n't necessarily enjoy their wor .
 france orders noriega 's extradition to panama <sec> new : manuel noriega could be back in panama by early september .  new : he will not appeal the extradition order , his attorney says .  he is accused in panama of ordering the killing of a political rival .  the ex-panamanian leader was sentenced in france for money launderin .
 australian open : djokovic silences stan to reach fifth final <sec> novak djokovic makes the australian open final .  serb defeats stan wawrinka in five sets in melbourne .  the world no . .  1 faces andy murray on sunday .  an ill serena williams cuts short practice ahead of women 's fina .
 box office report : 'divergent ' heads straight for $ 56 million win <sec> `` divergent '' fell slightly below the predictions of some analysts .  `` muppets most wanted '' did not score big .  inspirational film `` god 's not dead '' was the weekend surpris .
 what parents should know about ev-d68 <sec> enterovirus d68 usually starts like the common cold .  symptoms include sneezing , runny nose , coughing .  go to the doctor if your child develops a fever , rash or has trouble breathin .
 va crisis : solutions exist , but have n't happened , panel hears <sec> house panel looks at organizational causes of va problems .  top va official : `` you deserve better from us '' .  experts : va needs to focus on veterans , not bureaucracy .  house minority leader nancy pelosi : compromise on va bill ca n't privatize veterans ' car .
 ukraine 's emergency services under pressure as winter bites <sec> severe cold is set to carry on through the weekend in many places , meterologists say .  paramedics in ukraine race to help a homeless man saved by a good samaritan .  doctor : some victims of the cold are alcoholics , others drink in the mistaken belief it will keep them warm .  ukraine 's emergencies minister says 9 out of 10 of the deaths have been alcohol-relate .
 suspects in new delhi gang rape case to appear in court monday <sec> the suspects will go before a so-called `` fast-track '' court .  they were charged with murder , rape and kidnapping .  the incident occurred last month in new delhi .  more women officers have been deployed to handle complaints in new delh .
 5 questions about netanyahu 's apparent victory <sec> cnn 's elise labott holds facebook chat about israeli election results .  she answers questions about why polls were wrong , why americans should car .
 opinion : let teens talk about mental illness <sec> two high school students tried to tell stories about teen mental illnesses .  susan antilla : schools need to have open conversations about mental health .  she says kids suffering from mental illness crave information that can help them .  antilla : a town in connecticut has seen good results when it fosters discussio .
 water taxis to ferry hundreds across potomac for inauguration <sec> up to 3,200 passengers to be taken across potomac on seven boats .  service is partially a response to the closure of all bridges from virginia to d.c . .  potomac riverboat company clears security to provide service .  all passengers must arrive at least an hour early for a full screenin .
 labor union loses high court fight over fees for 'political ' purposes <sec> labor unions must tell nonmember workers about new fees for political purposes .  the court 's 7-2 ruling is a victory for a california state employee .  the justices say nonmember workers must be given the choice to `` opt in .
 new zealand quake death toll rises to 147 <sec> police say they have `` grave fears '' for the missing .  searches continue in christchurch .  authorities say more than 200 people are missin .
 turkish court tells government : restore twitter access <sec> turkish court rules country 's ban on twitter violates right to free expression .  lower court overturned ban last week , but government has yet to restore service .  prime minister has blamed social media for fueling anti-government rhetoric .  wednesday 's ruling did not address a youtube ban that came after one on twitte .
 oscar-winning actress joan fontaine dead at 96 <sec> olivia de havilland : `` i was shocked and saddened to learn of the passing of my sister '' .  fontaine was a teenager when she began her acting career in 1935 .  she and sister olivia de havilland carried on a lifelong rivalry .  she wrote in her autobiography that her mother encouraged the rivalry with her older siste .
 white house : al qaeda no . 2 leader is dead <sec> new : some jihadists do not believe the report , site says .  al-libi was killed monday in a cia drone strike , officials say .  he was the no . .  2 man in al qaeda and its face on the internet .  the drone strike , in north waziristan , was the 21st in pakistan this yea .
 for long-separated families , reunions can be a struggle <sec> jaycee dugard , found august 27 , is reuniting with her family after 18 years .  people who return to their families after years away often feel conflicted about it .  expert : do n't force the person who has been away to talk about their experiences .  it 's important to go about day-to-day activities , such as grocery shoppin .
 south sudan named most fragile country <sec> a u.s. nonprofit group says south sudan displaces somalia as most fragile nation .  it cites the young country 's fractious leadership , mass killings and ethnic violence .  the united states is among the 10 nations that have deteriorated the most , the group says .  iran leads the list of countries that improved the most over the past yea .
 opinion : turkey may be obama 's key to solving syria crisis <sec> ed husain : mideast allies want u.s. involvement to stop syria violence , but u.s. reluctant .  he says when obama meets with turkey 's prime minister , he should back turkey taking lead .  husain : diplomacy needed , but bashar-al-assad is wily , understands force .  he says israelis , arabs , turks can cooperate to help rid syria of al-assad with u.s. hel .
 opinion : why is n't there straight pride month ? <sec> alan turing , `` father of computer science , '' killed himself , `` convicted '' of being gay .  lz granderson : 60 years later , it 's legal in parts of u.s. to fire someone for being gay .  lz : gay pride month is a time to celebrate the right to live without persecution .  the day being straight becomes a crime , lz says , straight pride will be bor .
 woods keeps pace on seasonal debut at torrey pines <sec> tiger woods shoots a solid 69 in his first round at the farmers insurance open at torrey pines .  the former world no . .  1 is playing his first event of this year after winless 2010 .  he is five shots off the leading pace set by korean rookie sunghoon kang .  john daly in contention after a five-under 67 on south cours .
 big names drawn together at u.s. open as tiger renews mickelson rivalry <sec> world no . .  1 luke donald drawn with rory mcilroy and lee westwood for u.s. open .  tiger woods will play alongside phil mickelson and masters champion bubba watson .  woods is seeking his third u.s. open title , while mickelson has been runner-up five times .  the tournament features the return of casey martin , who needs to use a golf car .
 texans report fireball in sky , sonic booms <sec> video shot in austin , texas , shows meteor-like object in sky sunday morning .  fireball sightings , reports of sonic booms come days after satellite collision in space .  faa told u.s. pilots to watch for `` falling space debris '' .  no reports of ground strikes or interference with aircraft , faa spokesman say .
 california mother arrested for encouraging son to fight <sec> the woman is heard yelling , `` beat him down . .  body slam him '' .  the video is posted on youtube .  the woman faces charges of child endangerment and contributing to the delinquency of a mino .
 is justin bieber getting special treatment ? <sec> white house wo n't comment on petition asking for the pop star to be deported .  the petition raises some serious questions about immigration law enforcement .  10 % of those deported between 1997 and 2007 were legally living in the u.s .
 isaf chief : karzai claim of u.s. , taliban collusion is 'categorically false ' <sec> `` we have fought too hard over the past 12 years , '' dunford says .  karzai had said the u.s. and the taliban were holding daily talks .  hagel , karzai meet to smooth over frictions .  taliban claims responsibility for saturday attac .
 'bridesmaids ' the most popular video-on-demand title of all time <sec> `` bridesmaids '' has racked up 4.8 million rentals in just over four months .  according to rentrak , this adds up to over $ 24 million in vod grosses .  `` bridesmaids '' grossed $ 169 million over its domestic theatrical ru .
 georgia toddler death : who is justin ross harris ? <sec> justin ross harris says he forgot his son was in the car on june 18 .  harris is charged with felony murder in the death of his son , cooper .  he 's also charged with second-degree child cruelty .  he has pleaded not guilt .
 monaco 's prince albert , fiancee set wedding date <sec> two ceremonies are planned for july 2011 .  monaco 's prince albert has never married .  the ruler of monaco is the son of princess grace and prince rainier .  albert and his fiancee are both olympian .
 andrew dice clay is back with 'no apologies ' <sec> dice 's resurgence started last year with a role a role in hbo 's `` entourage '' .  clay rose to iconic status in the 1980s , selling out hundreds of large arenas .  his first tv special in 17 years is on showtime on new year 's eve .  `` i make no apologies for anything i did on that special , '' clay tells cn .
 is sex safe after a heart attack ? <sec> studies show many doctors do n't talk to heart attack patients about their sex life .  american heart association has released new guidelines for health care providers .  it 's unlikely sex will trigger another attack , the aha guidelines sa .
 rare footage shows fdr walking at 1937 major league baseball all-star game <sec> eight-second video shows president walking in braces with the help of an aide .  the footage is one of two known extended clips in existence showing him walking .  former mlb pitcher james `` jimmie '' deshong shot the film on a home movie camera .  filmmaker ken burns says film `` clearly shows what a brave struggle it was for fdr to move .
 powerball winner to pay $ 30,000 in child support <sec> powerball jackpot winner pedro quezada was ordered to child support .  the payment clears his record .  the three children will live with him , according to quezad .
 gop rep : benghazi not a 'complete cover-up ' <sec> rep. lynn westmoreland , r-georgia , spoke with 5 cia operatives who were there .  he says he does n't think the obama administration attempted a full-scale cover-up .  westmoreland says there are questions about memo telling personnel they 're 'on your own .
