 the social network that you can wear <sec> a joint venture between design teams at mit 's tangible media group and the fluid interface group have incorporated the social network into a garment .  the group of mit students behind the project wanted to look at ways of seeing how social media worked outside the confines of the computer screen .  the t-shirt 's pattern is printed in thermo-chromatic ink with a thin circuit membrane under the weave and uses bluetooth to pair with your phone .  groups that need to find each other in a crowd -- from industry conferences to people who are part of a niche interest -- are likely to want to use the clothin .
 queen elizabeth stuns bride and groom by accepting invite <sec> queen elizabeth unexpectedly drops in on a wedding while she 's in manchester .  she was invited but the bride and groom did n't really think she would come .  the bride calls the queen 's presence `` a wedding gift .
 jon stewart : unlikely millennial voice ( opinion ) <sec> john sutter : jon stewart is the voice of millennials as well as baby boomers .  he will be missed as he departs from his post at `` the daily show '' .  but hopefully this will usher in a more-diverse era of american satire , sutter say .
 texas touts 'surge ' at mexican border to confront illegal immigration <sec> gov . .  rick perry : `` texas ca n't afford to wait for washington '' .  the state calls the operation a `` surge '' that will last until the end of the year .  tough action in the past has reduced crime rates , officials sa .
 man suing hernandez says there 's no reason to delay suit <sec> alexander bradley says his suit against aaron hernandez is unrelated to murder charge .  ex-nfl player hernandez is accused of shooting bradley in face in florida .  hernandez currently faces murder charge in death of odin lloyd .  it would be tough to fight both cases at same time , hernandez argue .
 real shrug off casillas red card to beat espanyol <sec> real madrid goalkeeper iker casillas sent off in 1-0 win at espanyol .  casillas shown red after only two minutes for foul on jose callejon .  marcelo scores only goal of the match in 24th minute after pass from cristiano ronaldo .  real cut barcelona 's lead at the top to five point .
 berlusconi 's son on growing up in italy 's first family <sec> berlusconi 's eldest son says he grew up in a `` totally normal family '' .  says the most important thing father taught him was respect for others .  describes his dad as like `` a battery , '' always moving forward , always positive .  says father disappeared from media empire after going into politics in 199 .
 high-speed rail idles in united states <sec> high-speed trains are not widely available in the u.s. , though some can top 100 mph .  expert : the spain train is `` enormously complicated , '' nothing like u.s. trains .  the federal railroad authority regulates u.s. train speeds and other safety measures .  efforts to expand high-speed programs have met with little success in u.s .
 why evangelicals love santorum , hated jfk <sec> michael wolraich : protestants were deeply wary of catholics for most of u.s. history .  in 1960 , he writes , evangelicals feared jfk 's catholicism more than secularism .  wolraich : but a common enemy , secular authority , has united evangelicals and catholics .  doctrinal divisions could rise again , he says , and put catholics on the defensiv .
 koreans make plastics without fossil fuel chemicals <sec> korean scientists develop a plastic not derived from fossil fuel chemicals .  bio-based polymers make the plastics biodegradable and less toxic .  research team is from kaist university and korean company lg che .
 fighting deportation to belize , mcafee says he wants to go to the united states <sec> john mcafee spoke from an immigration detention center in guatemala city .  his bid for asylum was rejected , but a stay of deportation was granted .  the 67-year-old internet security founder explains why he was taken to a hospital last week .  `` there is no hope for my life if i am ever returned to belize , '' he say .
 southwest airlines pilot apparently tells passengers 'we 're going down ' <sec> passenger : `` the panicked captain said , 'we 're in trouble ; we 're going down ' '' .  airline says pilot inadvertently activated the pa system .  the faa is investigatin .
 bob simon 's work remembered ( opinion ) <sec> `` 60 minutes '' correspondent bob simon died in a car accident wednesday .  dan rather : simon was one of the best writers ever to work in tv journalis .
 ruling shows 'big tobacco can be taken on and beaten , ' australia says <sec> `` it 's extraordinarily encouraging , '' says public health advocate of ruling .  the high court published its decision , but not the opinion , which will be given at later date .  tobacco firms say law will only boost illicit trade while impinging on intellectual property .  tobacco kills nearly 6 million people a year , world health organization say .
 cnn tv exclusive : malaysian pm not declaring passengers dead <sec> new : malaysian prime minister : `` there are things we did well and things that we did n't do too well '' .  `` i need to take into account the feelings of the next of kin , '' pm najib razak says .  investigators assured him of their conclusion , najib says .  najib believes someone monitored a military radar the night of the flight 's disappearanc .
 ton up : tendulkar reaches 100th international hundred <sec> indian batsman sachin tendulkar makes his 100th international century .  tendulkar , known as `` the little master '' reaches landmark against bangladesh .  he is the highest test run scorer of all time and has 51 test hundreds .  bangladesh won the match by five wickets as they chased 290 for victor .
 al qaeda message blames obama , egypt for gaza violence <sec> ten-minute message delivered by ayman al-zawahiri , a native of egypt .  in address , al-zawahiri says violence a `` gift '' from obama before he takes office .  the message , on various islamist web sites , urges militants to rally against israel .  in obama 's first public reaction to the violence , he says he is `` deeply concerned .
 cnn student news transcript : may 12 , 2011 <sec> examine the progress being made in japan two months after deadly disasters .  travel along an iconic u.s. highway that 's being threatened by flooding .  learn about a program that cuts costs and time from the college experience .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 matt damon 's most challenging role : tackling global water crisis <sec> 780 million people lack access to clean water .  matt damon and gary white co-founded water.org in 2009 .  charity helps people access clean water and sanitation facilities through a loan program .  171 children die from a water related disease every hou .
 official : obama weighs options to strike isis in syria <sec> state department official : cutting off funding , foreign fighters for isis is key .  pentagon official : military power is effective , but so is local `` good governance '' .  u.s. official : pentagon has given obama options on what to do in syria .  president obama on isis : `` we 'll continue to take direct action .
 opinion : obama 's school discipline plan is overkill <sec> ruben navarrette : obama administration has targeted `` zero tolerance policies '' .  he says there is evidence that school discipline is meted out in discriminatory way .  putting two cabinet departments on the issue is overkill , navarrette says .  navarrette : micromanaging our schools is a risk and could erode authority of teacher .
 typhoon megi unleashes mudslides , kills 7 in taiwan <sec> new : at least 23 people are missing , including 19 on a tour bus .  new : helicopters are able to evacuate 70 stranded tourists .  megi is advancing on southern china after deadly triggering mudslides in taiwa .
 inside politics : the age question <sec> questions about potential gop , democratic presidential candidates ' ages a flashpoint .  both sides have alternately argued candidates are either too young or old over the years .  political strategists say the relevance of the question depends on the way it is asked .  the life expectancy of the president is a far question , strategists sa .
 you do n't yawn because you 're tired <sec> a new study suggests we yawn because our brains get too hot .  researchers at the university of vienna tested subjects in austria and arizona .  sex , season , age , humidity , time spent outside , and amount of sleep did not have an effec .
 n.c. terror suspects had arms , ammo , fbi 'playbook , ' agent says <sec> `` i think all of them are a risk of flight , your honor , '' fbi agent michael sutton testified .  in search of suspects ' home , authorities said they found guns , gas masks .  seven face conspiracy charges ; eighth suspect being sought .  wife and mother of suspects : `` my husband and my sons are free of guilt .
 bubba watson in driving seat at wgc-cadillac <sec> ten-under par round of 62 gives bubba watson lead after two rounds at wgc-cadillac championship .  england 's justin rose one shot off pace after a eight-under par 64 .  new world no.1 rory mcilroy fires three-under par 69 to finish day tied for 28th .  tiger woods in the hunt after second round 67 leaves him tied for 15t .
 new york to graduate most diverse class of firefighters in history <sec> new york on thursday will graduate most diverse firefighting class in history .  of the 242 probationary firefighters joining the ranks , 62 % are minorities .  the change comes one year ago after judge rules that entrance exam was biase .
 new girl scout flavors <sec> girl scouts of the usa announced three new cookie flavors for 2015 .  two cookies are gluten-free varieties .  customers can order cookies online for the first tim .
 7 dead as syrian troops storm aleppo university <sec> new : at least 32 killed thursday , opposition says .  the number of monitors increases to 50 , state media says .  the regime is shifting its focus to students , the lcc says .  students in beirut hold a protest in support of the aleppo student .
 the theology of facebook , an online 'altar ' <sec> omar gallaga : commingling of people from various chapters of our lives has spiritual overtones .  the author went on a theological search for the spirituality of facebook connections .  pope benedict xvi suggested earlier this year priests should embrace digital medi .
 tony hayward : bp not prepared for fallout , was on financial brink <sec> new : engineer says disaster could have been averted .  tony hayward said he understands anger after spill .  former bp chairman felt `` demonized and vilified '' .  commission co-chairman says companies need reform .
 scientists asks public to help find missing whales off florida coast <sec> 29 pilot whales that were stranded are still missing off the florida coast .  scientist call on public for help in spotting them .  the whales were last sen alive on friday , swimming slowl .
 fukushima fallout spurs bans on green tea <sec> radioactive cesium levels prompt new action by japan .  green tea , plums are among the latest bans .  tokyo electric hopes to wind down the crisis by januar .
 algeria and ghana progress in afcon `` group of death '' <sec> ghana and algeria reach afcon 2015 quarterfinals .  algeria defeat senegal 2-0 in malabo thanks to goals from mahrez and bentaleb .  ghana leave it late to triumph over south africa in mongom .
 u.s. issues terror-related travel warning for philippines <sec> potential terrorist activity could endanger travelers , department says .  state department : `` travelers should exercise extreme caution '' .  new statement claims `` state of emergency '' in the philippine .
 nawaz sharif , a veteran of pakistan 's political tumult <sec> nawaz sharif , a frontrunner in pakistani elections , has been prime minister twice .  he was overthrown in a 1999 coup and went into exile in saudi arabia .  he is now campaigning with a promise to revive pakistan 's economy .  observers have raised questions about his stance on extremism and terroris .
 ten years of 'gitmo ' -- and more to come <sec> 171 prisoners are now held at guantanamo , including some from the first batch 10 years ago .  many detainees have been released or transferred to third countries over the past decade .  `` gitmo '' has been a focal point of debates about habeas corpus and alleged abuse .  human rights lawyers dub a detention facility in afghanistan `` the new guantanamo .
 and the ireport awards go to ... <sec> the ireport awards recognize cnn 's most compelling participatory journalism .  nominees are selected from nearly 15,000 ireports approved in 2011 .  you can share your stories at cnn irepor .
 america 's best spring drives <sec> texas hill country is awash in bluebonnets in the springtime .  golden poppies bloom in california 's antelope valley .  tropical flowers bloom each spring along the road to hana in hawai .
 'joke ' brings arrest for man after bogus bulgarian kidnapping reported <sec> with a kidnapping reported , authorities in bulgaria searched for an american named kate .  but there was no kidnapping , and there was no kate , u.s. authorities say .  new jersey man tells authorities he created `` kate '' online and claimed she was kidnapped .  just a joke , says the man , now charged with making false statements to a u.s. officia .
 nemtsov killing : 5 theories ( opinion ) <sec> russian opposition leader boris nemtsov was killed last month .  jill dougherty : conspiracy theories about the killing are rife , but none seem convincin .
 bubba watson dons green jacket for second time <sec> bubba watson wins masters for the second time .  cards final round 69 to claim three-shot victory .  youngster jordan spieth fades after promising start .  ties for second with fellow augusta rookie jonas blix .
 26 years on : helping chernobyl 's children <sec> a botched reactor safety test set off the worst nuclear disaster in history in 1986 .  about 5 million people remain in what have been termed 'contaminated territories ' .  kathy ryan : `` people are still being affected by the social and economic fallout . '' .  cci helps children from contaminated areas who are negatively impacte .
 four liverpool fans attacked in naples ahead of europa league game <sec> two liverpool supporters are stabbed and two are beaten with sticks .  an italian man is injured defending british tourists .  police arrest three men and continue looking for others .  liverpool is set to play ssc napoli thursday nigh .
 from solidarity to super yachts : gdansk 's historic shipyards try to stay afloat <sec> gdansk was birthplace of poland 's solidarity trade union movement in 1980s .  shipyards today employ a tenth of former workforce .  french luxury yacht manufacturer has been based in gdansk since 200 .
 malawi 's head of state : 'why i 'm selling presidential jet ' <sec> joyce banda was sworn in as president of malawi in april .  malawi , one of world 's poorest countries , has devalued its currency by 40 % .  banda explains why repairing relations with the imf was so imperative for the country 's future .  she also speaks about why the african union summit will no longer be held in malaw .
 advice : obama , explain ; romney , chill the tough talk <sec> republican will cain to obama : explain in detail the attack in benghazi , libya .  cain : of course , obama should point to killing of osama bin laden .  democrat hilary rosen : romney must behave like a commander in chief .  rosen : he should `` chill '' on aggressive stances or risk making u.s. seem like a bull .
 moms quit jobs for their child 's college dreams <sec> some moms with advanced degrees are quitting their jobs to help their teens get into college .  a university of california , san diego study found moms are spending more time with their children .  the college admissions process has gotten more competitive for high school students , experts say .  moms say taking a `` college-prep leave '' can be beneficial for mother-child bondin .
 want to 'get tough ' on cuba ? sic 'em with u.s. spring break tourists , senator says <sec> sen. jeff flake : dealing with spring break would be `` a real get-tough policy '' for cuba .  travel is `` the best way to foster change and progress toward democracy '' .  sen. robert menendez says the u.s. policy toward cuba is no laughing matter .  there is an `` increasing brutal crackdown on peaceful democracy advocates on the island , '' he say .
 ecclestone : f1 is not up for sale <sec> rupert murdoch 's news corp reportedly interested in buying f1 rights .  the elite motorsport 's boss bernie ecclestone insists owner cvc will not sell .  ecclestone says media company such as newscorp would not be a suitable buyer .  he is aiding german authorities in probe of man who helped him sell f1 in 200 .
 where 's hillary ? not in charlotte <sec> hillary clinton , the most popular democrat in the u.s. , is in asia tour during convention .  it 's customary for a current secretary of state to stay above politics , avoid election season .  frida ghitis : being removed puts her above it all , positioned for a 2016 run for president .  ghitis : hillary insists she will not run , but democrats are hoping fervently she wil .
 zimmerman helps family out of overturned suv <sec> new : 911 callers describe smoke spewing from the vehicle after it flips .  police : zimmerman helped family out of overturned suv in sanford , florida , on wednesday .  no one was injured in the crash , police say .  george zimmerman left after making contact with responding deputy , police sa .
 demand may grow for jackson merchandise <sec> new : sold jackson items on ebay increase 210 percent compared to last week .  plenty of michael jackson merchandise goes on sale .  online auction site ebay boasts thousands of items from t-shirts to soda .  memorabilia expert predicts jackson autograph to at least double in pric .
 'the walking dead ' : zombie hit is 'upping the ante ' <sec> `` the walking dead '' third season resumes sunday .  creator says show 's about `` trying to rebuild civilization in a micro sort of way '' .  he says there are no plans right now for a movi .
 northern europe recovers after storm brings hurricane-force winds <sec> power is restored to many uk homes , but 61,000 remain without electricity .  at least 13 deaths are reported across northern europe .  gusts close to 100 mph battered the southern coast of england .  the storm also rammed germany , france , belgium , the netherlands and denmar .
 dozens detained by russian police after volgograd attacks <sec> new : thousands of russian police officers carried out searches in the city .  australia announces limits on the movements of its athletes in russia .  a rail station blast killed 18 , and a trolleybus attack killed 16 .  the 2014 winter olympics are due to take place in the russian city of soch .
 americans fall for 'football ' over world cup games <sec> new : tim howard : `` watching some of the scenes back home has been incredible '' .  new : u.s. player : `` heroic display makes young michael jordans choose soccer over bball '' .  new : pro athletes from other sports show their support for the american team .  the u.s. is ousted from the world cup after loss to belgium , but manages to win over fan .
 witness : missing woman cried 'help me ! help me ! ' <sec> gus coletti is convinced that shannan gilbert came to his door .  gilbert 's disappearance triggered an investigation that led police to discover eight bodies .  police suspect a serial killer or killers are responsible for the bodie .
 napoli beat catania to keep pressure on juventus <sec> napoli level on points with juventus after 2-0 win against catania .  juventus can restore three-point gap with win a chievo on sunday .  roma part company with coach zdenek zeman after string of poor result .
 7 don't-miss u.s. beer fests <sec> paste magazine has organized a series of festivals featuring quality beer -- and music .  the burning can beer festival in colorado skips bottles for canned craft beer .  the oregon brewers festival lasts five days in portlan .
 carnival triumph returns to service <sec> carnival triumph in service for first time since a fire crippled the cruise ship in february .  it 's fully booked with 3,350 passengers on a 4-day cruise from texas to mexico .  triumph has new emergency power capabilities , fire safety technology , says carnival .  in february , passengers faced food shortages , overflowing toilets until tugs rescued shi .
 casey kasem 's body is missing , daughter says <sec> casey kasem died last month , but has yet to be buried .  even before his death , his family was battling over his care .  kasem 's daughter says she does n't know where the body is ; his wife says it 's not missin .
 'negro ' on form draws ire of prospective juror in new york <sec> `` negro '' used as part of race category by new york courts .  prospective juror was offended and posted picture of card on facebook .  u.s. census bureau stopped using the term at the beginning of 201 .
 commentary : drive naked , save america <sec> beck : americans could dramatically improve gas mileage by driving naked .  obama 's tire inflation advice is a gimmick rather than part of a plan , he says .  we ca n't conserve our way out of our energy problems , beck says .  beck : we wo n't be truly free until we 're free from middle eastern oi .
