 syrian : damascus car bomb killed kids near playground <sec> a car bomb explodes in damascus , killing children , rebels say .  syrian army forces say they were attacked by rebels .  the army is responding by firing back , state tv reports .  the cease-fire is supposed to span the four-day eid al-adha holida .
 u.n. court rules u.s. execution violated treaty <sec> jose ernesto medellin executed in texas by lethal injection last year .  state department says ruling wo n't aid other foreign inmates .  u.s. supreme court ruling had allowed execution to procee .
 u.s. , libya discussing terrorism settlement <sec> nations hoping for deal in which libya would compensate terrorism victims .  eights acts would be covered in possible agreement .  libya has tried to normalize relations with u.s. by renouncing terrorism .  u.s. oil companies want to explore and develop libya 's oil field .
 florida man exonerated , freed from prison after 35 years <sec> new : james bain released from prison after more than three decades behind bars .  bain was convicted in 1974 of abducting and raping a 9-year-old florida boy .  his case was reopened after his fifth request to use dna evidence .  the victim , now 44 , said `` the right person should be punished '' for the crim .
 mh17 : grief at amsterdam 's schiphol airport <sec> signs of mh17 tragedy at amsterdam 's schiphol airport , where ill-fated plane took off .  friends and complete strangers among those leaving floral tributes at terminal building .  malaysia airlines ' flight mh17 to kuala lumpur crashed near ukraine-russia border .  u.s. believes plane was likely shot down by surface-to-air missil .
 should parents worry about hpv vaccine ? <sec> 7,802 `` adverse event '' reports to cdc since gardasil was approved .  reports claim drug caused nausea and paralysis -- even death .  vaccine manufacturer : reports do n't mean illnesses were caused by drug .  two girls allege in court that the vaccine made them sic .
 iranians erupt with excitement after nuclear deal <sec> iranians celebrate deal online and in the street .
 the world 's most heinous crime <sec> december marks the 60th anniversary of the u.n. 's genocide convention .  a few strong voices have since tried to focus the world 's attention on genocide .  each time they were shunned , ignored or told it was someone else 's problem .  cnn 's christiane amanpour traveled to the world 's killing fields to understand wh .
 meet the bat , an airborne wind turbine <sec> engineers race to develop unmanned flying machine that turns wind to electricity .  altaeros energies ' helium-filled bat may start alaska field tests in 2015 .  google 's makani turbine uses an airplane-like design .  worldwide , an estimated 1 billion rural residents have no access to electricit .
 warrant issued for former bill clinton chief of staff <sec> betsey wright will surrender after bench warrant issued for her arrest , lawyer says .  she allegedly smuggled tattoo needles , swiss army knife , box cutter into state prison .  wright is an advocate for prisoners , has befriended inmates , lawyer say .
 tiger woods ' mother-in-law home from hospital <sec> new : barbro holmberg resting at tiger woods ' home , hospital spokesman says .  holmberg is mother of woods ' wife , elin nordegren .  holmberg , 57 , was admitted to hospital early tuesday morning with stomach pain .  tiger woods taken to same hospital after crashing suv on november 2 .
 u.s. officials : concerns isis may take area by baghdad <sec> new : u.s. defense secretary : iraq 's anbar province in trouble amid isis onslaught .  isis controls vast swaths of iraq , syria and is threatening to take even more land .  u.s. official : isis fighters in anbar province , near baghdad , may cut off iraqi forces .  group : isis now controls about half of kobani , a syrian city near the turkish borde .
 report : troops filing sexual trauma claims less likely to get benefits <sec> aclu , swan release a report about troops seeking benefits for sexual trauma .  they 're less likely to get benefits than troops seeking ptsd benefits for other reasons .  va notes efforts to `` compassionately '' deal with sex trauma claims , notes major uptick .  sexual trauma victims are increasingly likely to get benefits ; so are all ptsd sufferer .
 man has seizure while skydiving , saved by instructor <sec> man has seizure at 9,000 feet while skydiving , becomes unconscious .  he is saved by instructor during his free fall .  video of incident has more than 4.4 million views on youtub .
 health care reform faq : a cnn guide to the supreme court 's arguments <sec> what specific questions will the supreme court address ? .  what exactly goes on in the court during a hearing ? .  during `` arguments , '' are the justices really arguing ? .  when can we expect some decisions from the high court .
 mickelson 'crushed ' after putt for magical 59 lips out at phoenix open <sec> phil mickelson shoots an 11-under 60 to lead phoenix open .  putt for a magical 59 agonizingly lips out on his final hole at tpc scottsdale .  it is the second time mickelson has shot 60 on the pga tour .  richard sterne leads dubai desert classic at halfwa .
 back to the future : black pioneer 's battle against racism <sec> walter tull was the first professional black outfield player in the english top division .  tull signed for tottenham hotspur after glittering amateur season with clapton .  joined the footballer 's batallion at outbreak of world war one and was made an officer .  was gunned down just a month before his 30th birthday during fierce fighting in franc .
 next moves for the u.s. on syria <sec> new : u.s. through cia to provide small arms , ammunition , sources say .  opposition warns it could face crippling losses without support now .  new : no american `` boots on the ground '' ; no word on any `` no-fly '' option .  rebel fighters include militants with pro-al qaeda sympathie .
 luxury cars for under $ 30,000 <sec> some buyers go to used-car market to get the luxury car they always wanted .  consumer reports magazine issues its list of best and worst used cars .  infiniti g35 is one of the more svelte sports-sedan beauties on the road .  1998 porsche 911 made the list of cars for under $ 30,00 .
 french president francois hollande to visit white house <sec> french president francois hollande 's visit comes amid troubles at home .  hollande and former first lady split after reports of his affair surface .  white house protocol experts are working to navigate delicate situation .  france and the united states are generally in accord on policy matter .
 celebrate this valentine 's day with african romance <sec> africa 's top writers have joined forces for short story anthology .  it will go live on valentine 's day in digital and audio formats in a variety of languages .  nigerian publishers hope the stories will be seen as a `` sensuous antidote to election fatigue '' .  the anthology intends to combat negative perceptions of everyday life in afric .
 emotional , widespread reaction to harassment of 68-year-old bus monitor <sec> video shows middle school boys harassing a new york bus monitor .  her story goes viral , with many condemning the boys and praising her .  an expert says people identify with an individual suffering , as in this case .  others believe in a `` just world '' and want to find someone to blam .
 australian panel told of sexual abuse of boys at salvation army homes <sec> boys were raped and beaten by salvation army officers , a commission hears .  the abuses mainly took place in the 1960s and '70s at homes that have since closed .  the commission is investigating institutions ' responses to child sexual abuse cases .  the salvation army has admitted abuses took place and apologized to victim .
 texas mystery : 'defective coyote ' or chupacabra ? <sec> word quickly spread about coyote-like body at texas school .  owner says he doubts it 's a legendary chupacabra .  he has gotten dozens of calls from media , residents .  body came from former student ; it was killed in barn by poiso .
 fort hood bomb suspect held without bond <sec> new : naser jason abdo makes a reference to the 2006 rape and murder of an iraqi girl .  additional charges are likely against abdo , a u.s. attorney 's spokesman says .  abdo is being held without bond by federal authorities .  he is a `` very dangerous individual , '' the police chief say .
 u.s. planning possible withdrawal of all troops from afghanistan - cnnpolitics.com <sec> president obama calls afghan leader to discuss security agreement .  obama orders planning for bringing home all u.s. troops at the end of 2014 .  afghan president karzai refuses to sign a deal to keep some troops there .  the white house says an agreement could happen after karzai leaves office in apri .
 nadal to meet murray in quarter-finals <sec> rafael nadal to meet andy murray in quarter-finals of australian open after beating ivo karlovic 6-4 4-6 6-4 6-4 .  roger federer sets up a last-16 encounter with lleyton hewitt at the australian open after a routine victory over albert montanes .  fourth seed juan martin del potro and seventh seed andy roddick are also through after they win in four sets .  fifth seed andy murray cruises into fourth round and is on course to face nadal in the quarterfinal .
 mixing business and pleasure : what is the point of an expo ? <sec> expo 2012 in south korea an unofficial business and development opportunity .  officially event is meant to foster international understanding and cooperation .  chance for interaction between governments and corporations .  $ 2bn invested in area hosting the event in southern south kore .
 cnn student news <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 source : syringes surface in yemen terror inquiry <sec> al qaeda 's yemen wing is suspected in last week 's bomb plot .  ties are seen to the christmas day bombing attempt .  investigations are being carried out in britain and the united arab emirate .
 football : milan manager allegri under pressure <sec> pressure on allegri after nightmare start to campaign .  ac milan have lost three of their four league games .  inter suffer embarrassing home defeat against siena .  sampdoria drop first points of the season with dra .
 christie stumbles onto minefield with vaccination slip - cnnpolitics.com <sec> measles flap stamps on christie message in uk .  sparks new democratic claims gop is 'anti-science ' .  politics overwhelms substance in medical debat .
 circassians : sochi athletes 'are skiing on the bones of our ancestors ' <sec> focus on sochi has awakened a push to recognize circassian genocide , historian says .  circassian history was n't mentioned in olympic opening ceremony , one circassian says .  activists say russian security forces have used intimidation to try to silence them .  leader of a circassian council in maykop says circassians are not enemies of russi .
 rwandan amputees bring message of hope : 'we are superstars ' <sec> cnn talks to the rwandan sitting volleyball team before the london paralympics .  the team is made up largely of amputees from the 1994 genocide .  up to a million people were killed in violence between hutus and tutsis .  now soldiers who once fought against each other play on the same tea .
 kidnapping staged to get money from ex , feds say <sec> woman , boyfriend , third man charged in bizarre fake kidnapping .  feds say abduction was staged to collect $ 50,000 from woman 's ex-husband .  they said kidnappers bound teen with tape , burned him with blowtorch .  detention hearing set for wednesday in miami federal cour .
 fangio vs. senna : who is the greatest formula one driver of all time ? <sec> juan manuel fangio and ayrton senna voted as f1 's best by motorsport greats .  argentine fangio won five world championships with four different teams .  brazil 's senna won three drivers ' titles in the late 1980s and early 1990s .  senna was killed during a crash at the imola circuit in 199 .
 japan suicide rates hit 2-year high in may <sec> monthly suicide number tops 3,000 for the first time in two years .  report : suicides in japan totaled 3,281 in may .  the spike reverses a steady decline in the number of suicides .  japan was struck by a devastating earthquake and tsunami on march 1 .
 michael jackson manager 's e-mails found , could be key in aeg trial <sec> frank dileo 's laptop could n't be found after jackson 's lawyers subpoenaed it .  aeg 's lawyers represented dileo 's estate in the fight to stop the subpoena .  another lawyer kept a copy of the manager 's e-mail file .  jackson lawyers argue aeg forced michael jackson to take dileo as his manage .
 ag holder hit from both sides over bush-era memos <sec> on capitol hill , republicans criticize initial release of four interrogation memos .  they say memos referenced by dick cheney should be released for complete picture .  liberal groups demand special prosecutor to press charges against bush officials .  attorney general remains noncommittal on additional releases or any prosecution .
 gates : pentagon preparing repeal of 'do n't ask , do n't tell ' policy <sec> new : most republicans on senate panel oppose repeal of `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' .  joint chiefs boss says letting gays and lesbians serve openly is `` right thing to do '' .  defense secreatry : as change is phased in , enforcement of policy to be `` fairer '' .  implementation plan for ending the old policy due by end of year , says robert gate .
 gabrielle giffords gives first tv interview since shooting <sec> new : giffords does n't remember the shooting , she says .  new : giffords felt like a `` zombie '' on the flight to houston .  new : her neurosurgeon describes the stunning recovery to cnn .  jared loughner is charged with wounding her and 12 others and killing si .
 pregnancy rumors envelop north korea <sec> rumors are swirling whether the first lady of north korea is pregnant .  ri sol ju , wife of kim jong un , reappeared in public after a two-month absence .  photo appeared in state media showing her wearing a long coat , sparking speculation .  analyst : rumors first started from north korean officials who attended the same even .
 argentina court ruling would allow personal use of pot <sec> new : argentina court : it 's unconstitutional to punish adult for private use of marijuana .  justice tells state-run news agency `` reality '' changed his mind .  mexico enacted law that decriminalizes possessing low quantities of most drug .
 car bombs explode across iraq <sec> at least 19 people killed and more than 100 injured in bombings in iraq , police say .  the targets were mainly buses and bus stations in predominately shiite areas .  violence has increased across iraq recently .  sunnis have protested against shiite-led government , calling for an end to discriminatio .
 satellites unearthing ancient egyptian ruins <sec> sharper resolutions allowing scientists to use satellites to locate ruins sites .  pictures from commercial satellites have been sharp enough only for past decade .  images have helped archaeologist sarah parcak find hundreds of egyptian sites .  colorado company 's new , advanced imaging satellite to be launched in 200 .
 michelle obama casts spell with ivory gown <sec> first lady 's elegant , one-shouldered ivory gown created by 26-year-old jason wu .  the one-of-a-kind silk chiffon confection was embellished with organza rosettes .  michelle obama has tradition of wearing american designers from other nations .  her time-saving shopping secret -- buying on the interne .
 sarah brown : stories are powerful tools for life <sec> sarah brown writes an open letter to girls of the worl .
 suze orman 's 10 steps to a worry-free financial future <sec> suze orman has 10 steps to make your financial future worry free .  take on only the debt you can afford ; pay debt down quick to save on interest .  aim for fico score of 700 ; remember potential employers may check score .  save up for your indulgences ; share your abundance with other .
 new york post apologizes for , yet still defends , chimp cartoon <sec> sharpton : `` various groups '' would respond at 5 p.m. at post headquarters .  new york post apologizes on web site ; blasts some `` opportunist '' detractors .  paper said cartoon was meant to mock what an `` ineptly written '' stimulus bill .  paper also said `` no apology is due '' to those who want payback for the pas .
 late ebola patient 's nephew : 'nobody tried to help eric ' <sec> thomas eric duncan died wednesday of ebola at texas health presbyterian hospital .  his nephew claims the hospital did n't treat duncan as well because he was black .  hospital : patients get the `` same high level of attention '' regardless of nationality , wealt .
 spain may get extra year to meet targets <sec> eurozone finance ministers meeting in brussels , belgium , on monday will discuss spain .  spain was told to cut difference between its income and spending to within 5.3 % of gdp .  but ministers will probably revise that goal upward to 6.3 % monday , eu sources say .  official : the ministers want `` more of an agreement in principle '' than a commitmen .
 gop congressman asks for probe of pelosi-cia charge <sec> rep. darrell issa , r-california , is a member of the house judiciary committee .  issa calls on fbi director for a probe on cia-pelosi spat .  `` if cia is lying ... it puts me in a position of not being able to do my job , '' he says .  pelosi , d-california , has said the cia did n't inform her about interrogation technique .
 georgia youth football coach apologizes for racial comments <sec> georgia youth football coach apologizes for facebook postings .  posts disparage ethnic groups and women .  coach says they were taken out of context .  some parents do n't think he should be allowed to continue coachin .
 most countries fail to deliver on haiti aid pledges <sec> international donors promised $ 5.3 billion to haiti after the earthquake .  only four countries have delivered any money at all .  less than 2 percent of the money that 's been promised has been delivered .  u.s. and venezuela pledged more than $ 1 billion each and have delivered nothin .
 strollers recalled over finger amputation alert <sec> maclaren says some of it strollers pose a risk of finger amputations .  recall affects nearly one million strollers sold in the united states .  manufacturer has issued kit to make hinges saf .
 gareth bale transfer : real madrid does n't do austerity <sec> gareth bale joins spanish club real madrid from spurs .  some reports say it 's a world record deal for the welsh international .  real continue policy of buying `` galacticos '' .  real have spent about $ 764m on 11 `` galacticos .
 elusive fugitive nabbed after several escapes <sec> felipe torrealba was among the u.s . .  marshals service 's 15 most wanted .  he had eluded capture at least three times before .  he was arrested thursday in fort myers , florid .
 british airways union backs new strike <sec> the union representing cabin crew members on british airways has voted to go on strike .  the union has voted to go on strike four times in the past 13 months .  ba crew members are involved in a lengthy dispute over wage .
 alex ferguson 's book : 10 things you need to know <sec> alex ferguson 's autobiography unveiled .  the former manchester united manager chronicles his relationships with many players .  ferguson describes wayne rooney as `` not the quickest learner '' .  the scotsman twice turned down the opportunity to manage englan .
 world war i dead laid to rest 94 years after slaughter <sec> thousands of soldiers died in a single night in a battle in france in 1916 .  mass graves containing 250 remains were found in 2008 ; 96 bodies have been identified .  a new cemetery was dedicated to the dead on monday .  the battle of fromelles remains the deadliest 24 hours in australian military histor .
 a nobel prize with help from sea slugs <sec> dr. eric kandel studies how we create short- and long-term memories .  kandel won the 2000 nobel prize in physiology or medicine for his work .  sea slugs are used in neuroscience research because of their simple neuro-system .
 mayweather talks up pacquiao fight <sec> manny pacquiao is the new wbo welterweight world champion .  floyd mayweather jr. used to hold the wbc title in the division and is undefeated in 40 fights .  mayweather 's fight with oscar de la hoya gave a record $ 77 million payday for fighters .  a pacquiao bout with mayweather expected to eclipse this tota .
 opinion : why do tv critics hate jay leno ? <sec> howard kurtz : nbc 's plan to replace jay leno sits well with critics .  he says leno 's brand of comedy appeals to much of america .  critics are free to prefer fallon , kimmel , but replacing leno is risky , he say .
 liverpool beats swansea 4-3 in anfield classic <sec> liverpool defeats swansea 4-3 at anfield thanks to a strike from jordan henderson .  the result means liverpool trails premier league leader chelsea by four points .  newcastle deepens aston villa 's relegation woes by producing a late winner .  tottenham 's champions league hopes dip after a 1-0 loss at norwich cit .
