 3 bombs explode outside christian homes in baghdad <sec> the attack comes as a group of iraqi christians arrive in france .  a car bomb in another baghdad neighborhood kills at least one person .  the death toll from a car bomb in basra rises to 1 .
 suspect in quebec shooting hospitalized <sec> new : pauline marois says she does n't think the shooting and campaign were linked .  police say marois , the new premier , may have been the target of the shooting .  marois ' party supports quebec separating from canada .  report : the suspect shouts , `` the english are waking up ! '' .  as he is taken awa .
 zahir belounis : from 'soccer prisoner ' to waiter <sec> zahir belounis was a french-algerian footballer .  belounis was stranded in qatar following pay dispute .  arrived back in france on november 28 2013 .  belounis still awaiting payment from qatari football clu .
 coast guard reexamines use of live goats as battle `` patients '' <sec> video previously showed contractors dismembering goats to replicate battlefield wounds .  coast guard report vindicated service members , said training program will continue .  images leaked to animal rights group , which complained to the u.s. governmen .
 girl held in pakistan , accused of burning quran pages <sec> a girl , 11 , is arrested for allegedly burning pages of a quran .  media reports say the girl has down syndrome , but a police official denies it .  fearing a backlash , local christian families have fled .  the president says the blasphemy law must not be misuse .
 queiroz confirmed as new iran coach <sec> carlos queiroz signs three-year contract to take charge of iran 's national team .  the 58-year-old was sacked by portugal last september after a row with doping officials .  his subsequent six-month ban was overturned by court of arbitration for sport last month .  iran lost in the asian cup quarterfinals in january and failed to reach 2010 world cu .
 family visits craigslist suspect in jail <sec> philip markoff 's family visits him in jail .  philip markoff , 23 , charged in death of julissa brisman 's death .  police say they believe markoff met brisman on popular online classifieds web site .  markoff 's fiancee says police have wrong man , husband-to-be `` was set up .
 egyptian blogger aliaa elmahdy : why i posed naked <sec> cnn exclusive : egyptian blogger aliaa magda elmahdy tells cnn why she posed naked .  elmadhy says she posed naked because she is not afraid of being a woman despite harassment in egypt .  she says her muslim parents want to support her ; her father always hated the way she dressed .  elmadhy : i am a believer of every word i say and i am willing to live in danger under the many threats i receiv .
 former boeing engineer convicted of spying for china <sec> dongfan chung , 73 , convicted of economic espionage ; acting as agent of china .  accused of stealing restricted technology , boeing trade secrets .  technology included information on space shuttle ; delta iv rocket .  chung is a native of china who is a naturalized united states citize .
 nurse shocked to find son at israeli hospital <sec> malka davidovich works as a nurse at the barzilai medical center .  her son was among the wounded soldiers brought in to be treated .  sunday was the deadliest day so far in the battle between israel , hamas militant .
 india makes key arrest in mumbai terror plot <sec> the suspect is identified as abu jundal .  investigators believe jundal was on the phone coordinating the attack from pakistan .  indian forces killed nine of the 10 gunmen and later put the lone survivor on trial .
 they nailed it ! fans pay artistic tribute to olympics <sec> athletes sport patriotic nail art at 2012 london olympics .  fans watching the games from afar emulate trend with their own diy creations .  enthusiasts say nail art is fun way to support athletes , feel connection to game .
 carissa moore : surf queen carves out new era <sec> hawaiian-born surfer carissa moore is a double world champion .  twenty-two-year-old became sports youngest female world champion in 2011 .  women 's surfing beginning to attract similar profile to men 's world tour .  moore 's fame has arguably helped boost women 's world tour prize mone .
 outrageous hotel perks for pets <sec> some luxury properties go to extremes to pamper pets .  pet-friendly hotels now offer amenities from massages to gourmet food .  four-legged guests at the ritz-carlton new york can enjoy a `` pampered pooch '' packag .
 'frozen ' hits $ 1 billion mark at worldwide box office <sec> the film crossed the $ 1 billion mark this weekend .  it still has yet to debut in japan .  the `` frozen '' dvd is out on march 1 .
 toyota testing all suvs for rollover risk <sec> new : toyota tests all suvs .  toyota : suspension of lexus gx 460 expands to the middle east and russia .  consumer reports magazine cites turnover risk in warning not to buy suv .  magazine : concern magnified because lexus gx 460 has high center of gravit .
 tabloid hacking report : who won ? who lost ? <sec> after lord leveson 's report on press ethics , james robinson asks what will change .  robinson : british press has vowed to clean up its act before , after diana 's death .  pm david cameron , newspapers and the police are immediate winners , he says .  tabloid editors and the murdochs were roundly criticized by the report , he add .
 unknown fates for hundreds of egyptians missing since revolution <sec> one report finds that 1,200 people were missing in the months after egypt 's revolution .  many are still unaccounted for and families continue to search .  egypt 's president has created a fact-finding mission to investigat .
 man utd autograph ban wo n't threaten $ 4b industry <sec> manchester united have banned players from giving autographs at training .  an industry expert says the market should not be too affected by such moves .  the sports memorabilia market is estimated to be worth $ 4 billion annuall .
 red cross : attacks on medics a 'humanitarian tragedy ' <sec> a new red cross report chronicles assaults on medical workers in conflict zones .  those attacks are costing many lives .  the neutrality of health care workers and facilities is no longer respected .  such attacks must end , the red cross say .
 alpine skier anna fenninger wins for a third time on lucky day <sec> anna fenninger wins a giant slalom in lienz , austria on saturday .  fenninger has now triumphed three straight times on a december 28th .  she reversed a 0.02-second first-run deficit to defeat jessica lindell-vikarby .  fenninger moves into second place in the overall standings behind tina weirathe .
 syrian refugee crisis 'spiralling out of control ' <sec> the number of refugees fleeing syria 's civil war has reached one million .  aid agencies including oxfam are struggling to cope with the flood of new arrivals .  gluck : without more money to help , difficult decisions will have to be made .  `` tensions are starting to appear between local host populations ... and new refugees .
 deadly blast strikes near home of former afghan vice-president <sec> dead included one of former afghan vp 's guards and an assistant .  blast hit as afghan president hamid karzai at nearby anti-corruption convention .  former vice president ahmad zia massoud not harmed in the attack .  red cross says it visited three captives of the taliban in novembe .
 adidas flirts with fashion but remains dedicated to football <sec> adidas is now working with top designers , such as stella mccartney .  but its main priority will always be sportswear .  adidas has navigated the worst of europe 's economic difficulties due to its strong bran .
 is instability the 'new normal ' for turkey ? <sec> four government ministers were forced to resign after being tainted by a corruption scandal .  erdogan has denounced the corruption investigation as part of an `` international conspiracy '' .  fadi hakura says the allegations relate to a power struggle between erdogan and a cleric .  he says it has disrupted their informal coalition and may lead to a more robust democrac .
 nico rosberg leaves rivals trailing in mercedes <sec> nico rosberg sets fastest time in f1 testing near barcelona .  mercedes driver laps circuit de catalunya in one minute 22.792 seconds .  over 0.7 seconds quicker than the next best by felipe massa in williams .  manor marussia set to return to grid in 201 .
 rising star in democratic party first latino to deliver keynote address - cnnpolitics.com <sec> san antonio mayor julian castro delivers the convention 's keynote speech tuesday .  the rising democratic star drew comparisons to 2004 speech by then-rising star obama .  castro touts his own story of achieving the american dream .  his prominent speaking role is strategic in an election where the latino vote is ke .
 'devastating ' drug gains popularity in russia <sec> russian city of novokuznetsk in 'death grip ' of drug epidemic .  drug called 'krokodil ' gaining popularity ; has devastating effects on users .  vice goes to novokuznetsk to see firsthand those addicte .
 former alabama governor gets 6½ years for bribery , fraud <sec> don siegelman convicted in scheme in which ceo paid $ 500,000 for board seat .  he was also found guilty in alleged pay-to-play scheme involving another businessman .  he served less than a year in prison before being released on bail in 2008 .  he requested a new trial but was denied and resentence .
 uk actor stephen fry to marry his boyfriend <sec> stephen fry says he 's very happy but had hoped for a private wedding .  same-sex marriage has been legal in england and wales since march 201 .
 man coerced boys to perform sex acts via internet video , fbi says <sec> the suspect admitted to victimizing at least 100 people , mostly teens , fbi says .  richard finkbiner , 39 , allegedly threatened to post teens ' videos on gay porn sites .  `` you want to play this game or you want to be a gay porn star ? '' .  he allegedly told teens .  it could take months to identify the victims , a prosecutor 's spokesman say .
 7-year-old girl abducted and raped in south korea , police say <sec> the girl is taken from her home while her family is sleeping , the police say .  she is later found near a river and shows signs of having been raped .  a suspect has been detained , police officials say .  the south korean president calls on the police to restore public orde .
 philippines hit with second typhoon in a week <sec> new : typhoon nalgae weakens , with sustained winds of 130 kph ( 80 mph ) .  new : 1 person dies in a landslide and flooding is reported after rains fall at 1 inch/hour .  new : related flooding has affected at least 3,500 people , an agency reports .  at least 52 people were killed by typhoon nesat , which hit earlier this wee .
 hundreds of tibetan exiles arrested in nepal <sec> nepalese authorities arrest at least 650 tibetan exiles over china protest .  police forcefully dragged some of the protesters to awaiting vans .  protestors voice opposition to china 's policies in tibe .
 emil erwin : a nashville-grown bag company with big ambitions <sec> emil and leslie congdon launched bag and accessories company emil erwin in 2009 .  the line has drawn attention from customers worldwide and retailers barneys and j . .  crew .  `` i want to grow , but i 'm not going to grow for the sake of growth , '' emil congdon say .
 mugabe denies blame for zimbabwe woes <sec> mugabe rejects criticism that he has turned zimbabwe into a `` basket case '' .  cnn interview is mugabe 's first in years with a major western network .  mugabe calls sanctions `` unjustified and illegal .
 turkish government guilty of human rights abuses , group says <sec> police beat , shot , sexually abused protesters , rights group says .  the demonstrators wanted to keep a park from becoming a shopping mall .  the turkish government has launched a probe of the alleged abuse .
 why hillary clinton wo n't take on wall street <sec> julian zelizer : elizabeth warren was defiant about wall street , but hillary clinton likely wo n't be .  zelizer : the democrats need wall street 's campaign donations to be competitive in 201 .
 sahara desert deaths : niger declares 3 days of mourning for 92 dead <sec> migrants died of dehydration while crossing the sahara .  the government was `` profoundly moved by the catastrophe , '' le sahel reports .  the victims , almost all women and children , died after their vehicles broke down .  they hoped to enter algeria , a nongovernmental organization say .
 once-massive lake dries up to almost nothing <sec> eastern lobe of what is now known as the south aral sea has dried up completely .  recent images from nasa 's earth observatory show stages of the lake 's decline .  disaster began with soviet-era diversion of lake 's tributaries for agriculture .  rising salinity , chemical contamination furthered the calamit .
 review : 'shame ' is excellent and profoundly disturbing <sec> `` shame '' is a penetrating , deeply unsettling look at addiction and obsession .  brandon ( michael fassbender ) is constantly in pain ; sex is the only relief .  he is thrown off the rails by a visit from his equally but differently damaged siste .
 fog suspected in 100-vehicle texas wrecks that claim at least two lives <sec> after being closed for hours following the accident , all lanes of interstae 10 reopened .  the two fatalities occurred after a vehicle was hit from behind by an 18-wheeler .  some 100 cars were in a series of pileups on interstate 10 near beaumont , texas .  as many as 120 injured were taken to hospital .
 tornado tears through southern mississippi <sec> new : mississippi gov . .  phil bryant declares a state of emergency in four counties .  at least a dozen people are injured ; no deaths are reported .  `` within seconds , everything changed , '' says a hattiesburg , mississippi residen .
 judge : school violated lesbian 's rights , but prom cancellation valid <sec> aclu , school board attorney both say they 're pleased with the decision .  judge wo n't order school district to hold a prom that it had canceled .  cancellation came after openly lesbian student asked to attend with girlfriend .  school board attorney says parent-sponsored event will take place april 2 in tupel .
 creutzfeldt-jakob brain disease may affect 5 people in massachusetts <sec> patients may have been exposed to creutzfeldt-jakob disease , officials say .  possibly contaminated medical equipment was used for patients ' surgery , officials say .  the same equipment may have exposed eight patients in new hampshir .
 nyad back in water for cuba-florida swim attempt <sec> new : a jellyfish stings diana nyad , but she is ok , her team says .  the american starts swimming off cuba a day earlier than planned .  she hopes to swim 103 miles over several days to florida .  the endurance athlete 's three earlier attempts ended prematurel .
 occupy wall street wo n't be pigeonholed <sec> nicolaus mills : occupy wall street makes smart move by refusing to list demands .  mills : in 1962 , students for a democratic society 's port huron statement did n't list demands .  mills says the values outlined in that statement lived on long after sds ended .  occupy allows room for all who have lost ground to bring issues to light , he write .
 passengers shiver as train leaves 13.5 hours late <sec> mechanical problems cause delay of 13.5 hours from scheduled departure time .  one passenger says union station was unheated during some of their wai .
 'tokyo sonata ' tops asian film awards <sec> `` tokyo sonata '' wins for best film and best screenwriter .  japan 's hirokazu koreeda wins best director for `` still walking '' .  actress michelle yeoh presides over the afa jur .
 in defeat , boehner may live to fight another day <sec> boehner has seen his power tested in trying to corral conservatives .  he told fellow members at a meeting : `` i do n't want everybody beating each other up '' .  president obama doubts speaker 's ability to get things done , saying he ca n't control his caucus .  boehner has had to rely on democrats previously to pass key bill .
 dreamliners inching toward the runway <sec> faa posts airworthiness directive for boeing dreamliner .  the directive is set to go into effect friday .  it outlines required modifications that must be inspected before flight .  nearly 50 boeing 787s have been grounded more than three month .
 un : cargo ship may have made migrant boat capsize <sec> shipping company representative denies cargo ship caused the capsizing .  unhcr spokeswoman tells cnn that a cargo ship may have touched the migrant boat .  italian authorities have arrested two survivors on suspicion of human traffickin .
 excerpt : nancy grace 's new novel `` the eleventh victim '' <sec> `` the eleventh victim '' is about an atlanta assistant da whose fiance is murdered .  the novel 's heroine , hailey dean , relocates to new york for a fresh start .  she becomes a therapist whose patients begin dying -- they are murdered .  the murders are similar to 11 atlanta killings and hailey must solve the cas .
 china tops world in internet users <sec> china was top user of the internet in 2008 , says government-backed research group .  the number of web surfers in the country grew by nearly 42 percent to 298 million .  growth tied to economic gains , new telephone , broadband lines in rural areas .  chinese government wants phone and broadband access in each village by 201 .
 tv chefs whose shows burned to a crisp <sec> food network phenom guy fieri failed to catch fire with audiences on nbc .  new orleans ' emeril lagasse starred in a self-titled sitcom that lasted 11 episodes .  `` the restaurant '' only made it to a very short second seaso .
 tit-for-tat tariff war : european wines , chinese solar panels <sec> china launches anti-dumping , anti-subsidy inquiries into european wine imports .  probe seen as retaliation for eu tariffs on china-made solar panels one day earlier .  france is china 's top wine exporter , australia distant second .  eu tariffs on chinese solar panels set to rise in august if no resolution achieve .
 mercury exposure in womb linked to adhd symptoms <sec> adhd symptoms were noted when the children were 8 years old .  this research shows associations , not cause-and-effect .  fish consumption is not independently related to adhd symptoms .  shark , swordfish and tuna are more likely to contain high levels of mercur .
 lightning strike kills 3 on beach in argentina <sec> a lightning strike in argentina kills three people and injures 22 .  witness : `` i saw my friend thrown to the ground '' .  one victim was playing soccer on the beac .
 s.c. mother battling flesh-eating bacteria 'slightly improved ' <sec> lana kuykendall has had 11 surgeries since being diagnosed with necrotizing fasciitis .  while in critical condition , she has n't had amputations and the disease is all in her leg .  `` lana 's vitals and blood work is good , '' her husband says , according to the hospital .  the father of a georgia woman with the disease notes milestones in her own figh .
 what you should know about itunes ' 56-page legal terms <sec> what exactly are you agreeing to when you click `` agree '' on itunes ' terms and conditions ? .  one attorney says he finds apple 's privacy policies scarier than its itunes genius feature .  anyone who tries to take apple to court over a lost digital file would lose very quickly , he says .  another lawyer says itunes users are paying for the license but not for the product itsel .
 one swing of the bat showed the healing power of sports after 9/11 <sec> the mets first post-9/11 home game was on september 21 , 2001 .  at first , the decision was made to `` postpone the games as the nation came to grips '' .  but , author says , `` the games people love became an integral part of the healing process '' .  that night mets won , crowd honored nypd , fdny , mayo .
 obama : u.s. must support partners against isis - cnnpolitics.com <sec> house approves obama 's request to train and arm syrian rebels to fight isis .  kerry tells senate committee that no countries have agreed to put boots on the ground .  report : iraq 's pm says foreign troops are `` put of the question '' .  president : it 's more effective for the united states to support partners on the groun .
 22 killed in three attacks in nigeria <sec> fifteen christians were killed sunday at a church , emergency official says .  seven others were killed friday in two separate attacks in northern nigeria .  the militant group boko haram has been blamed for recent religious violenc .
 aga khan 's grand $ 3m restoration of opulent 'live horse museum ' <sec> welcome to chantilly 's grand stables , world 's most beautiful horse homes .  built in 1719 by a french prince , the stables had become dilapidated .  five years ago islamic spiritual leader aga khan invested in building makeover .  this weekend the revamped $ 3.3 million horse museum will open to publi .
