 marine says he faces discharge over obama comments <sec> a marine who criticized obama is facing administrative discharge proceedings .  sgt . .  gary stein says he 's accused of violating `` good order and discipline '' .  he 's also accused of violating a defense department rule against some political activity .  he calls the allegations a `` pr thing .
 skateboarding passion fuels unique art exhibit <sec> the skate it or hang it exhibit features the evolution of skateboard art .  todd vaught , 40 , created the exhibit after an encounter at his local skateboard shop .  the art show at the museum of design atlanta runs through september 1 .
 experts : strict building codes saved lives in chile earthquake <sec> 7.6-magnitude aftershock strikes late wednesday .  quake triggered small landslides , cut power and generated a tsunami .  president : `` the country has faced these first emergency hours very well '' .  about 300 prisoners escaped in the northern port city of iquique , but 131 surrendere .
 virtual worlds : the next facebook ? <sec> by 2020 , experts believe virtual worlds will be widespread .  online worlds could replace facebook as most popular internet phenomenon .  experts say young users could lead spartan lives offline , luxurious lives online .  but star trek-style fully-interactive holodecks still some way of .
 chinese catholics pine for open-minded pope to heal rifts <sec> catholic church and government authorities uneasily coexist in china .  more than six million catholics attend government-sanctioned churches .  experts say millions more practice catholicism in underground `` house-churches '' .  chinese catholics hope the next pope can reconcile church 's differences with beijin .
 what you need to know about the top supreme court contenders <sec> elena kagan known as a political pragmatist , but lacks judicial record .  confirmation battle for diane wood might be tough .  merrick garland viewed as a liberal moderate .  sidney thomas ' western roots would add regional diversity to the cour .
 passenger accidentally gets on airport tarmac <sec> a traveler trying to make an early-morning flight accidentally parked in a delta employee lot .  she says she was allowed to get on an employee bus without being asked for identification .  transportation security administration is investigating how incident happene .
 hillary clinton urges openness between u.s. , pakistan <sec> hillary clinton says she aims to address questions that americans are thinking about .  she says she wants frank talk about fight against terrorism , including u.s. concerns .  on thursday , she said she wondered why terrorists had n't been found and dealt with .  she said she was n't suggesting pakistan was complicit with al qaeda or did n't want to fight i .
 outsider pomodoro springs surprise to land the durban july <sec> 28-1 outsider pomodoro springs surprise to land the durban july .  pomodoro wins south africa 's most prestigious race by a nose from smanjemanja .  jockey piere strydom steers pomodoro to victory at greyville racecours .
 obama to pull combat troops from iraq by august 2010 <sec> timeline keeps troops in iraq three months longer than obama had pledged .  obama plans to keep 35,000-50,000 support troops in iraq after combat troops leave .  some lawmakers frustrated with news , concerned for safety of support troops .  others may credit obama for giving military commanders more time to finish missio .
 report : google 's making a video game console <sec> report : google is working on a video-game console .  console would run google 's android operating system .  wall street journal also says company will make a smartwatc .
 rampage in college town began with stabbings <sec> man with three handguns and a car killed 6 , injured 13 , authorities said .  `` tomorrow is the day of retribution , '' elliot rodger said in a video .  rampage occurred near the university of california , santa barbara .  `` he aimed his car at our group of friends and gunned it into us , '' victim say .
 ducks overboard ! what happens to goods lost at sea ? <sec> a container of plastic ducks , frogs and beavers broke free from a cargo ship and fell into the north pacific in 1992 .  the durable bath toys have been floating around ever since providing insights into the flow of ocean currents .  some estimates suggest as many as 10,000 containers fall into the ocean every yea .
 schwarzenegger calls good samaritan 'true action hero ' <sec> california governor honors victor perez .  good samaritan meets mother of abducted girl .  perez has been hailed as hero since tuesday 's inciden .
 kennedy aide : romney 's views on religion very different from jfk 's <sec> ted sorensen helped draft kennedy 's 1960 speech on roman catholicism .  gop presidential hopeful mitt romney delivers speech on faith in politics .  kennedy , romney views on religion differ greatly , sorensen says .  sorensen says kennedy viewed religion as more of a private matte .
 typos -- no big deal ? think again <sec> the societal trend to regard typos as no big deal is wrong , says bob greene .  greene : in computer age , typos , misspellings , grammatical errors are given a reprieve .  cnn 's david daniel noticed hollywood walk of fame typo ; greene spotted mets typ .
 what is telematics ? <sec> telematics : cars receiving remote information from service providers .  korea university researches noise suppression , continuous speech recognition .  samsung , lg electronics , hyundai , gm will launch new devices in 2008 .  south korea is uncomfortably wedged between china and japa .
 father of boy holding severed head has mental illness <sec> convicted terrorist khaled sharrouf causes outrage with image .  photo posted to twitter shows son holding severed head .  sharrouf , an australian , was sentenced to five years for role in terror plot .  he grew up in sydney to lebanese parents , left school earl .
 a helping hand for families of fallen hotshots <sec> vicki minor 's nonprofit provides support to the families of fallen wildland firefighters .  it is in the process of helping those who lost loved ones in the yarnell hill fire .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2013 cnn heroe .
 colombian rebels admit killing 8 indians <sec> statement from rebel group farc takes responsibility for slayings of 8 indians .  farc says the victims were `` executed '' for helping colombian government .  indians say farc targets them because they want to stay out of armed struggle .  human rights watch says rebels tortured some indians before killing the .
 facebook , freedom and thin-skinned bosses <sec> bruce barry : losing private-sector job over a facebook remark does n't violate freedom of speech .  employers should n't view offhand remarks on facebook as threats , he writes .  barry : national labor relations board says comments may be protected under labor law .  workers should n't forfeit rights , he says , and thin-skinned bosses can scare away talen .
 all dressed up and nowhere to go : the date night that ticketmaster messed up <sec> ticketmaster was supposed to distribute tickets to the inaugural balls and parade .  they mistakenly released the tickets early , and they were sold out when most of the public went looking for them .  thousands were shut out , upset at the snafu .  the presidential inaugural committee said no more tickets are availabl .
 south africa rolls out red carpet for hollywood execs <sec> top film executives are touring south africa , exploring possible set locations .  south africa is stepping up efforts to promote itself as an attractive filming destination .  a number of major hollywood productions have been shot in the country in the pas .
 bomb blasts at baghdad pet market kill 5 <sec> the bombings strike a market where young men buy and sell pigeons .  they kill five people and wound 31 others , police officials say .  violence in iraq has fallen sharply in recent years but attacks continu .
 opera singer rocks out <sec> renée fleming 's new album `` dark hope '' debuted at no . .  151 .  fleming covers indie-rock band muse 's `` endlessly '' on the album .  this is a departure for fleming , who says she devoted her life to classical musi .
 pakistani army : dozens of militants killed <sec> pakistan 's military says its forces killed 32 militants in an ambush in the northwest .  official : another 8 insurgents , including a taliban commander , were killed in balochistan .  the pakistani taliban killed 145 people , most of them children , in a school attack this wee .
 u.s. and s. korea navies send a message <sec> the u.s. and south korea are conducting naval exercises in the yellow sea .  alan romberg says these are a message to north korea that it could provoke retaliation .  he says incidents of north korean aggression have so far met with little military response .  u.s. also wants to demonstrate its freedom to project power in international waters , he say .
 court : should boy list 'israel ' on passport ? <sec> boy is a u.s. citizen born in jerusalem .  the state department wo n't allow the use of 'israel ' as a birthplace on u.s. passports .  the supreme court will hear the case nov . .
 hong kong 's youth arm with cell phones , umbrellas <sec> hong kong 's youth protesters are using mobile apps to organize quickly .  group messages help protesters regroup and relocate at lightning speed .  one group chat app , firechat , has been downloaded 100,000 times .  online rumors have caused some confusio .
 'little guy ' wins high court fight over property rights <sec> an idaho couple can file suit against an epa ruling , the supreme court says .  the couple 's supporters had billed this as `` david vs. goliath '' fight .  mike sackett : `` we 're here to stand up for the property rights ... of all americans .
 opposition : march deadliest month in syrian civil war <sec> `` both sides are hiding the true death toll , '' activist says .  more than 6,000 people have been killed in march , groups says .  in all , more than 70,000 people have died in the conflict , the un says .  the war in syria began in march 201 .
 yellowstone bison to be loaned to ted turner <sec> turner will get 88 disease-free bison to use for breeding .  yellowstone bison had been quarantined after concerns about brucellosis .  turner has 50,000 bison , making it the largest private herd in the worl .
 beckham presented as an ac milan player <sec> david beckham presented to the media ahead of his loan spell with ac milan .  the england midfielder revealed he missed playing football `` at highest level '' .  33-year-old will be at milan on loan for three months from los angeles galax .
 fans backing weird al for super bowl halftime <sec> change.org petition : hire `` weird al '' yankovic for super bowl halftime .  yankovic is enjoying career high right now .  halftime show could feature both yankovic and artists he parodies , petition say .
 islamist , old guard candidates in egypt stump for hearts and minds <sec> new : former president jimmy carter says integrity of the election is intact .  new : a meeting will be held sunday for appeals and to set a date to declare results .  polls show mohamed morsi , the muslim brotherhood candidate , in first .  he is followed by ahmed shafik , hosni mubarak 's last prime ministe .
 poachers are the prey in a park in the republic of congo <sec> a group of eco-guards track poachers in a park the size of connecticut .  they uncover a canoe filled with elephant meat , a bloody ax .  some guards are former poachers , who accepted amnesty and turned in weapon .
 to confirm id , mexico exhumes remains of cartel leader 's mother <sec> investigators will conduct dna tests to confirm the killing of the zetas leader .  police guard a cemetery in central mexico as authorities exhume his mother 's remains .  authorities have said there 's no doubt they killed heriberto lazcano lazcano .  the cartel chief 's body was stolen from a funeral hom .
 lawsuit : police videotaped dui suspects undressing , using the toilet <sec> the lawsuit was filed on behalf of 12 plaintiffs : 11 women and one man .  `` i am absolutely horrified and violated . .  i honestly ca n't believe it , '' says one .  police and the city of puyallup , washington , deny any wrongdoing .  they say suspects are recorded for the safety of everyone at the jai .
 sony hammers xbox over price , used games <sec> sony goes for gamers ' hearts with anti-xbox announcements .  playstation 4 will allow sharing , selling used games .  announcement draws sustained cheers from gaming crowd at e3 .  microsoft 's xbox one has digital-rights restriction .
 israel 's netanyahu says he would talk to iran 's rouhani <sec> `` we 're not averse to calling , '' netanyahu tells cnn 's piers morgan .  he says he would tell rouhani to stop iran 's nuclear program .  rouhani spoke by phone last week with obama .  netanyahu has expressed skepticism about the iranian president 's intention .
 bin laden 's son-in-law , once al qaeda 's 'mouthpiece , ' held by u.s . <sec> abu ghaith accused in u.s. indictment of conspiracy to kill u.s. nationals .  he will appear in federal court friday to face federal charges .  captured al qaeda figure taken to new york .  abu ghaith should be treated as enemy combatant , senators sa .
 1 dead , dozens injured in explosion at indonesian ammunition depot <sec> the blast takes place on an island off a jakarta port complex .  official : the explosion was caused by an electrical short circui .
 hong kong woman dies after cancer 'beauty ' treatment <sec> woman , 46 , dies at a local hospital one week after receiving dc-cik therapy .  she was one of four women being treated for septic shock after receiving the treatment .  dc-cik therapy normally only offered to cancer patients , experts say .  hong kong police are investigating beauty clinic attended by the wome .
 not so fast , pisa ! uae lays claim to world 's furthest leaning tower <sec> capital gate building leans nearly five times farther than leaning tower of pisa .  it is deliberately engineered to lean .  uae also home to world 's tallest skyscrape .
 protests on opening day of olympics <sec> london cab drivers cause gridlock in olympic lanes protest .  bhopal medical association demonstrate outside olympic park .  bma campaigners claim dow has responsibility for 1984 bhopal gas leak tragedy .  dow denies claims , buying union carbide 16 years after disaste .
 rookie marquez rattles lorenzo as pedrosa reigns in spain <sec> dani pedrosa wins spanish grand prix while title rivals tussle behind him .  rookie marc marquez aggressively overtakes jorge lorenzo at the final corner .  the 20-year-old goes top of standings while world champion drops to third .  lorenzo 's yamaha teammate valentino rossi finishes back in fourt .
 al qaeda group says it kidnapped italian man , wife <sec> the group , al qaeda in the islamic maghreb , says man is cicala sergio .  it was unclear what the group 's demands were .  in june the group executed a british man after uk refused to release abu qatad .
 solar-powered roads : coming to a highway near you ? <sec> the solar roadways founders are raising funds to gear up production .  the aim is to replace asphalt roads with solar panels that can support cars .  their idea calls for a solar powered roadway made of durable textured glass .  the system also involves built-in led lights and heating element .
 'hunger games ' sets box office records <sec> the movie sets a record for the biggest march opening ever .  the only two films with bigger opening weekends were both sequels .  `` the hunger games '' is based on the first book in a young-adult trilogy .  the sequel , `` catching fire , '' will be released in november 201 .
 carrie underwood gets engaged <sec> country singer carrie underwood engaged to hockey player mike fisher .  the pair have been enjoying a long distance relationship as he lives in canada .  in november , underwood said the almost yearlong relationship was her longest to dat .
 lewis hamilton : formula one 's michael jordan ? <sec> lewis hamilton is starting to reach beyond the traditional formula one audience .  the double world champion could expand his brand through more charity work .  a third world title with mercedes in 2015 would also help him become an f1 grea .
 e-mails : white house knew of extremist claims in benghazi attack <sec> new : secretary of state hillary clinton says do n't `` cherry pick '' documents .  the white house says it received conflicting information about the attack .  a government email on the day of the attack says an islamist group claimed credit .  the attack left u.s . .  ambassador christopher stevens and three other americans dea .
 court stays texas execution after intellectual disability claim <sec> new : an appeals court stays robert james campbell 's execution .  he had been scheduled to die by lethal injection tuesday .  defense team 's challenges include state misconduct , client 's mental retardation .  defense : campbell has 5th-grade academic skills , ca n't read watch or car 's fuel gaug .
 official : director tony scott left notes in car , office before his apparent suicide <sec> tom cruise remembers tony scott as a `` creative visionary '' and a `` dear friend '' .  scott left two notes behind , including one to his family , a coroner official says .  `` there 's nothing to indicate it is anything else '' than suicide , he says .  scott , 68 , plummeted from the vincent thomas bridge in san pedr .
 a year of airbnb : meet the man who loves online rentals <sec> to get out of the 'expat bubble , ' american kevin lynch stays only in airbnbs when in hong kong .  from a hidden ceiling bed to a renovated cowshed , lynch is impressed with the diversity of hong kong accommodation .
 what you need to know about health care reform <sec> president obama says health care reform is a priority ; other stakeholders on board .  u.s. spends 52 percent more per person than the next most costly nation .  obama wants government-sponsored health insurance program .  republicans think plan is costly , will make health insurance more expensiv .
 tv head , activist killed in baghdad shooting <sec> gunmen intercept a car and spray it with bullets , interior ministry officials say .  one of the victims is taha hameed , the head of al-massar tv and a political party official .  the other is abed farhan thiyab , the director of iraq 's political prisoners associatio .
 india 's shiny new pro league kicks off <sec> ten-week tournament features mostly indian players , as well as some high-profile foreign stars .  despite having a population of 1.2 billion , india 's national team is ranked 158th in the world .  football is looking to compete with other sports like cricket .  but india lacks even basic infrastructure for the sport to grow and prospe .
 are these shorts too short ? foreigners told to cover up in uae <sec> asma al muhairi started campaign after seeing woman in skimpy shorts in a dubai shopping mall .  shopping malls in the united arab emirates expect visitors to cover their knees and shoulders .  brochures should be given out at airports explaining the need for modest dress , say campaigner .
 risks and rewards of building upscale town in west bank <sec> rawabi is the largest privately-funded development project in palestinian history .  the finished project will include homes for 40,000 residents , a convention center and three schools .  its construction provides 5,000 jobs , and there are hopes it will provide more after tenants move in .  the project could lift the economy , but some say it wo n't change the region 's geo-political instabilit .
 apparently this matters : giant bloody chicken statue <sec> a truck carrying more than 5,000 chickens crashed in salem , oregon .  peta tried to erect a memorial statue for the chickens .  oregon department of transportation denied the statue .  also ? .  a chicken foot in your pack of breast .
 airlines show off their new flying colors <sec> a number of airlines unveiled new liveries this week .  u.s. carrier southwest plane will now display a colorful heart on their underside .  many airlines in pacific region riff off local culture and artwork for updated designs .  changing an airline 's look is huge marketing opportunit .
 connecticut doctor testifies in trial of man accused of killing family <sec> new : police sergeant says he saw hayes fleeing the scene .  juror dismissed after expressing concerns to court .  william petit 's wife and two daughters were killed in a 2007 home invasion .  petit testified on the second day of trial tuesda .
 picasso , mondrian works stolen in athens art heist <sec> paintings by picasso , mondrian stolen in raid on national art gallery in athens .  thief , or thieves , tricked guard into deactivating alarm , broke in through balcony door .  raider dropped second piece by mondrian while trying to flee .  picasso work had been donated to the greek people for their resistance during wwi .
