 new jersey reopens appeals process for those denied sandy funds <sec> those `` initially deemed eligible '' for post-sandy funding will get another chance .  a new jersey state official says the appeals process will be reopened .  it follows a report that about 80 % of appealed rejections were later deemed eligible .  superstorm sandy struck new jersey and other states in fall 201 .
 taliban ready for talks , purported spokesman says <sec> new : nuland : `` we are prepared to support a process that the afghans support '' .  the taliban have a preliminary deal to open an office in qatar , a statement says .  they want detainees freed from guantanamo bay as a condition for talks .  it appears to be their first public offer of talks without a u.s. withdrawa .
 royal approval : will unbeatable black caviar grace ascot ? <sec> australian racehorse black caviar is a sensation in her homeland .  the five-year-old mare has won all 18 races she has entered .  black caviar 's latest win came at the orr stakes in melbourne on saturday .  this weekend she will try to make it 19 wins in the lightning stake .
 real madrid suffer shock loss to trail barcelona by five points <sec> real madrid beaten 2-1 by getafe in la liga .  goals from juan valera and abdelaziz barrada sink champions .  barcelona top table after coming from behind to beat osasuna .  contrasting fortunes for milan clubs in serie a star .
 government asks high court to review jackson 'wardrobe malfunction ' incident <sec> the obama administration wants the supreme court to rule on fcc fines .  an appeals court last year said the agency 's sanctions were improper .  family advocacy groups have blasted the appeals court 's opinion .  the supreme court will decide later this year whether to accept the cas .
 opinion : boston bombing should n't derail immigration reform <sec> ruben navarrette : immigration reform critics are wrongly citing the boston bombing .  he says the suspects were here legally , their cases unrelated to larger issue .  navarrette : opponents will grab at anything to stop the immigration compromise bil .
 why is 'having it all ' just a women 's issue ? <sec> stephanie coontz : atlantic article riled women on perennial issues of feminism , motherhood .  coontz says issue framed as false feminist promise of `` having it all '' .  she says u.s. companies often inhospitable to work/family balance for women and men .  coontz : workplaces should reasonably accommodate family life regardless of worker 's se .
 world champion button joins mclaren f1 team <sec> jenson button signs a three-year deal with mclaren according to british media reports .  button visited mclaren headquarters earlier this month as he was being lured to the team .  former world champion kimi raikkonen will not race in formula one in 201 .
 black hawk crashes off florida ; human remains found <sec> heavy fog is complicating efforts ; the search is expected to resume thursday .  four air crew members , seven marines were on board the helicopter .  the service members have not been identifie .
 turkish students petition for jedi temple <sec> 5,500 signatures call for jedi temple after similar petition asked for campus mosque .  petition started by a student at dokuz eylul university in the western province of izmi .
 former police sgt . drew peterson gets 38 years for ex-wife 's murder <sec> drew peterson 's lawyer says his client feels the system he served failed him .  kathleen savio 's kin say he `` battered her to the very end , '' is `` going to hell '' .  the chicago-area police sergeant was convicted of murdering his third wife .  he is sentenced to 38 years in prison and will get credit for nearly 4 years serve .
 lashings , beheadings : 'cherished ' saudi justice system <sec> the flogging of liberal blogger raif badawi has placed a spotlight on saudi arabia 's justice system .  lashes for liberalism , prison for female driving , death for dissent are among recent punishments , rights groups say .  the saudi government says its judiciary is independent and sentencing based on islamic la .
 men allege sexual coercion by prominent atlanta pastor <sec> new : long spokesman denies charges , calls them `` shakedown '' and `` retaliation '' .  two men file lawsuits against atlanta-area pastor eddie long .  one suit alleges that long used his position to coerce sex .  the southern poverty law center had called pastor `` virulently homophobic .
 nepal : everest pro-tibet protesters may be shot <sec> between may 1 and may 10 , climbers are barred from going above 6,400 m . .  security personnel will also check mountain climbers for non-essential items .  chinese climbers plan to take the olympic flame to everest 's summit .  group : china has not allowed any expedition to climb everest from the nort .
 jason collins : 'let the haters hate ' <sec> jason collins is the first openly gay player in major u.s. sport history .  collin 's has played in brooklyn nets wins since signing a 10-day contract .  he is one of a group of high-profile athletes to have come out in recent times .  robbie rogers announced he was gay last year , michael sam recently came ou .
 comatose woman in euthanasia debate dies <sec> new : woman in coma for 17 years in italy has died , her father says .  eluana englaro has been in vegetative state since a car crash .  her father has fought for years to have her feeding tube remove .
 'you light up my life ' writer indicted on sex charges <sec> `` you light up my life '' songwriter joseph brooks indicted .  manhattan d.a . .  's office charged brooks with rape , sexual abuse , other counts .  brooks won oscar for 1977 no . .  1 son .
 police investigate cyberbullying after girl found hanged <sec> girl hangs self at her home in queens .  suicide note mentions cyberbullying , police say .  investigation will include look at two computer .
 charlie sheen changes his name to carlos estevez <sec> charlie sheen has dropped his stage name to birth name , carlos estevez , for upcoming flick .  `` people are going to see charlie sheen 's move as pandering or as a smart career move '' .  are the days of latinos changing their names to appeal to a broader audience over ? .  `` if you say 'i am latino , ' celebs have to think about what kind of message that sends back .
 gareth bale joins real madrid to become latest 'galactico ' <sec> gareth bale has signed for spanish club real madrid .  bale leaves from english premier league tottenham hotspur .  bale will be unveiled monday afternoon at real madrid 's stadium .  the fee was n't disclosed but some british outlets say it 's a world recor .
 stewart : wheldon death should prompt safety improvements <sec> jackie stewart tells cnn that dan wheldon 's death should prompt change .  english driver wheldon was killed in a crash in las vegas on sunday .  stewart questioned whether drivers of varying experience should race together .  the three-time f1 champion has been a longtime safety campaigne .
 killings force medical charity 's withdrawal <sec> medecins sans frontieres pulling 87 international staff out of somalia .  move is reaction to attack which killed three of its members .  charity said struggling somalis are the indirect victims of the attack .  u.n. has called for thorough investigatio .
 turkish pm cites french 'genocide ' in algeria <sec> the foreign ministry slams 'personal attacks ' .  turkey is incensed over the national assembly bill .  erdogan brings up french activity last century in algeri .
 opinion : tunisia 's response to police rape puts human rights to shame <sec> woman in tunis allegedly raped by police , then charged with public indecency .  ben hassine : incident reveals serious flaws in tunisia 's criminal justice system .  ben hassine : tunisian police officers have had free reign in the country for years .  ben hassine : tunisian judiciary and ministry of interior put human rights to sham .
 water discovered in martian soil <sec> mars rover curiosity heated up soil to get water vapor .  astronauts may some day be able to use this as a water source .  scientists have identified two main soil types in gale crate .
 with 80 mph winds and drenching rains , isaac pounds southeastern louisiana <sec> new : storm surges of over 10 feet are reported in shell beach , louisiana .  new : isaac 's eye is 75 miles from new orleans , but the city has been impacted already .  around 220,000 entergy louisiana customers do n't have power .  the storm may get even stronger as it moves inland , the hurricane center say .
 9-month-old no longer wanted by the police , lawyer says <sec> the boy was previously booked and fingerprinted in lahore .  official : police had come to the boy 's home to collect an unpaid gas bill .  a police official was suspended after media reported the stor .
 wyclef jean to run for president of haiti <sec> new : sean penn criticizes jean 's decision .  jean stresses the need for education , jobs , agriculture , security and health care .  elections are scheduled for late november .  jean says he will represent the voice of the yout .
 penn state fraternity suspended over alleged nude facebook pictures <sec> university president : penn state considers `` re-evaluation of the fraternity system '' .  penn state university fraternity suspended over alleged private facebook page .  the page allegedly includes photos of nude or partially nude wome .
 pakistan kills more militants in new action <sec> pakistani security forces kill at least 16 militants in country 's tribal region .  pakistani army has been waging a week-long crackdown on taliban .  100 militants attacked a checkpost and pakistani troops returned fir .
 van der sloot files complaint against police <sec> new : joran van der sloot says his constitutional rights were violated .  new : he says the translator `` imposed '' on him has confused him .  legality of van der sloot 's incarceration to be decided .  he also seeks to have his confession struck dow .
 7 years in prison for former ubs trader adoboli in fraud case <sec> new : former trader kweku adoboli is sentenced to seven years in prison .  adoboli was convicted tuesday on two counts of fraud and acquitted on four other charges .  his actions constituted `` pure and simple '' fraud , a prosecutor says .  he was charged in connection with a $ 2.3 billion loss in unauthorized trading at ub .
 7 ways you should tweak your diet as you age <sec> vitamin d is linked to enhanced immunity , muscle functioning and injury prevention .  bone density declines rapidly after 50 so make sure you 're getting enough calcium .  probiotics have been shown to boost immunity , improve digestive and skin healt .
 weird baseball contract clauses <sec> some baseball players ' contracts have included creative , generous or ludicrous perks .  a $ 300 bonus for growing a mustache ; bulldozer for winning nl championship .  schilling got $ 333,333 check when he did n't tip scales too far at six weigh-ins .  three k.c . .  royals got shares in apartment complexes as signing bonuse .
 quvenzhané , the c word , and innocence lost <sec> sabrina james and her daughter watched the oscars to see quvenzhané wallis .  james found the treatment of wallis by the media to be humiliating .  the author laments a lack of cultural respect for children 's innocenc .
 u.s. student studying abroad found dead in rome rail tunnel <sec> new : his football coach says durkin was `` inspirational '' to teammates .  new : his family expressed `` sadness , '' and thanks all those for their support .  the new hampshire resident is found dead in central rome .  he went to a bar two days ago and never returne .
 microtargeting : how campaigns know you better than you know yourself <sec> campaigns use microtargeting to reach key voting blocs in key battleground states .  firms match voter lists to browser history to find potential voters .  many of the largest search engine companies are in on the microtargeting game .  86 % of americans say they object to targeted political advertisin .
 tiger woods outfoxed by feral friend ? <sec> a fox who waits to catch golf balls has become an unwitting video star .  `` foxy '' catches balls at verbier golf club in the swiss alps .  he has stolen more than 100 golf balls in the last month .  elsewhere , alligators and kangaroos have also interrupted professional events in 201 .
 farrow : campbell said diamond was from taylor <sec> mia farrow says naomi campbell said charles taylor sent her a diamond .  former liberian president on trial for allegedly funding civil war with blood diamonds .  campbell testified she was n't sure who sent her diamonds during a trip to africa .  blood diamonds are mined in war zones and is used to fund rebels and warlord .
 sony drops psp go price to $ 199 <sec> price of the psp go drops from $ 249 to $ 199 in time for the holiday rush .  price cut is already effective online at gamestop and amazon .  change makes device more competitive with the nintendo dsi and the ipod touc .
 runner-up stands by as miss california usa decision nears <sec> miss california usa pageant officials to have monday news conference .  scheduled to be on hand : tami farrell , first runner-up .  miss california usa carrie prejean might be stripped of title due to issues .  prejean initially in news for her response to question about same-sex marriag .
 fire chief : 382 died as flames tore through honduran prison <sec> new : a team from the atf will help investigate the blaze .  the government is focusing on transporting the bodies of the victims .  the theory that a mattress fire started the blaze is gaining ground .  an official says only 40 % of the inmates in the prison were actually convicte .
 officer wilson 's supporters : 'we will not hide ' <sec> new : online fund-raising campaign tops $ 300,000 .  supporters of darren wilson made a statement saturday .  they allege media bias that has made the unrest worse .  the officer 's actions were justified , they sa .
 authorities crack down on transnational armenian power crime group <sec> the armenian power has ties to armenia , russia and georgia crime figures .  its membership is believed to be more than 200 .  authorities have charged 99 of the member .
 obama stands by controversial air security screening methods <sec> new : tsa chief spells out security measures .  president obama said new screening methods are best options available .  obama says airline security agencies face `` enormous pressure '' to prevent attacks .  some have criticized the new methods , including pat-downs and body scan .
 summer reading : 10 titles to watch for <sec> this summer 's reading picks highlight 10 books to watch for .  readers from publishers weekly , parnassus books and amazon.com weigh in .  titles include new novels from favorites like chris cleave .  there are also fresh voices , such as karen thompson walke .
 ex-italy pm silvio berlusconi starts community service at elderly home <sec> silvio berlusconi is carrying out community service at a center for the elderly for a year .  the 77-year-old tycoon is expected to work with 20 elderly residents with alzheimer 's .  the former prime minister was convicted last year of tax frau .
 'american hustle ' wins top sag award ; mcconaughey , blanchett also win <sec> `` american hustle '' beats `` 12 years a slave , '' others to win top sag award .  matthew mcconaughey , cate blanchett also win .  `` modern family '' wins fourth straight sag award for comedy series .  `` breaking bad '' wins for drama serie .
 incest dungeon girl wakes from coma <sec> daughter of austrian incest victim wakes from induced coma .  kerstin fritzl , 19 , spent her entire life in cellar .  the dungeon was uncovered after she was taken to hospital with illnes .
 opinion : keep guns out of dangerous hands <sec> washington navy yard shooter aaron alexis had background of violent incidents , misconduct .  daniel webster : how could someone like alexis legally buy and carry loaded firearms ? .  he says to appease gun lobby , policies have low standards for possession of guns .  webster : stronger standards for legal gun ownership could help reduce horrific shooting .
 neville : arsenal clash is toughest test for man utd <sec> gary neville has described manchester united 's trip to arsenal as their toughest test .  the former united defender is confident ferguson 's team can secure at least a draw .  neville has also hailed the form of united 's mexican striker javier hernande .
 divine photos of america 's most epic churches <sec> photographer christoph morlinghaus reveals the most striking religious architecture .  concrete , glass and wood have been used to create mind-blowing interiors .  ecclesiastical buildings are shown to be amongst the world 's most beautiful structure .
 president obama 's unrecognized legacy <sec> david gergen says barack obama does n't get enough credit for transforming the white house .  gergen : the president has turned diversity into a living reality in the west win .
 tour 'the las vegas of the north ' <sec> blackpool was once a popular destination for british families .  in the 1960s blackpool would attract 17 million visitors .  vbs : all-inclusive holidays to spain eventually cut blackpool 's business in half .  despite their bleak situation , blackpool 's inhabitants hang on to their traditional seaside value .
 how do you define a hero ? <sec> `` cnn heroes : an all-star tribute '' will air at 8 p.m . .  et sunday .  the show honors the top 10 cnn heroes of 2011 ; one will be named hero of the year .  what exactly is a hero ? .  weigh in with your thought .
 nigeria explosion : death toll doubles to 18 ; dozens more injured <sec> blast happened near the site of an explosion that killed 71 people last month .  workers were on their way home for the may day holiday when the blast hi .
 ireport : 'naughty auties ' battle autism with virtual interaction <sec> people with autism spectrum disorders could find a haven within second life .  second life is a virtual world where people represent themselves with avatars .  david savill , 22 , has asperger 's syndrome and founded a virtual gathering spot .  ireport : see your second life stories and news of a virtual worl .
 usain bolt reclaims 100-meter title at moscow world championships <sec> usain bolt wins the 100 meters at the world championships in a time of 9.77 seconds .  bolt reclaims the world title after being disqualified from the 2011 final due to a false start .  american justin gatlin took the silver and jamaica 's nesta carter claimed bronz .
 occupy 2.0 ? church leaders join movement <sec> a group of african-american church leaders announce they 'll join the occupy movement .  `` we are occupying until poverty is eradicated , '' says pastor jamal harrison bryant .  the two groups plan to gather during a national `` day of action '' scheduled for january 1 .
 ferguson 's perfect storm of racism <sec> dorothy brown : ferguson political system has been effective at oppressing majority .  it has done so with the timing and type of elections , brown says .  brown : fines filled city coffers ; black citizens have been remarkably patient , but no mor .
 $ 1,499 apple tv teased in best buy survey <sec> specs for apple hdtv published in best buy survey .  the big-box retailer says the question was just hypothetical .  the leaked form asks about a 42-inch , web-enabled tv running apple 's software .  its price was listed as $ 1,49 .
 captor kept me on tether , elizabeth smart testifies <sec> elizabeth smart testifies against accused captor for first time .  smart , now 21 , was abducted from her bedroom at knife point at age 14 .  brian mitchell sings in court and is ordered removed .  mitchell 's defense says he 's not competent to stand trial ; prosecutors disagre .
 u.n. official abducted in yemen released unharmed , officials say <sec> new : u.n. says the man arrived in good health at a safe haven in the capital .  gunmen who snatched official were demanding release of a tribal leader , officials said .  the official was released unharmed , the norwegian foreign ministry said .  he was released following negotiations , norwegian official say .
 cnn student news transcript - september 14 , 2012 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
