 can levitating appliances take off ? <sec> new technology makes levitation a reality for home furnishings , vehicles , and ... rocks ? .  magnetic levitation technology is already allowing japanese trains to travel at over 500km/h .  advances in superconduction could soon take maglev technology to the next leve .
 five reasons james avery was one of the greatest tv dads <sec> james avery played the beloved uncle phil on the '90s comedy `` fresh prince of bel-air '' .  the actor died at 68 on december 31 .  fans have mourned the loss of one of tv 's greatest dads .  with a combination of humor and heart , avery brought the character to lif .
 a bloody good read : 'dracula ' author 's journal found <sec> bram stoker 's journal has been found in a home on isle of wight , england .  the journal contains notes that would inform stoker 's `` dracula '' and other works .  an annotated book will be published 100 years after stoker 's 1912 death .  dacre stoker , the author 's great-grandnephew , shared excerpts with cnn.co .
 how much will it cost britain to bomb isis ? <sec> uk can start bombing isis within hours , as it has six fighter jets on standby in cyprus .  british forces have brimstone precision missiles , high-tech weapons others do n't have .  the u.s. is leading the airstrikes against isis in iraq and syri .
 jihadi john , the boy next door : who was mohammed emwazi <sec> isis executioner `` jihadi john '' unmasked as mohammed emwazi , a kuwaiti-born londoner .  emwazi is believed to have attended a church-affiliated primary school .  friends say he was a typical british youngster who loved football , pop music and the simpson .
 for 747 , transporting a shuttle is no heavy burden <sec> shuttle discovery hitches ride atop a boeing 747 to washington .  the load is not as taxing on the specially outfitted 747 as you might first think .  a regular 747 carrying a full complement of passengers is much heavie .
 obama 's missed opportunity on cuba ( opinion ) <sec> frida ghitis : embargo on cuba should have been lifted a long time ago .  but president barack obama squandered a strong negotiating hand , ghitis says .  the u.s. secured virtually no meaningful concessions from the cuban regime , she says .  ghitis : it would be tragic if this unique chance to usher in freedom is los .
 lorenzo wins at le mans to take championship lead <sec> jorge lorenzo wins the french motogp for his second victory of the season .  valentino rossi thrives in wet conditions to finish second for his best result for ducati .  casey stoner is third in the week he announced his impending retirement .  lorenzo leads the championship by eight points from stone .
 u.s. shutdown threatens launch of nasa 's next mission to mars <sec> seven weeks before the planned launch , `` we are shutdown , '' says project leader .  if the mission misses its window , it will have to wait another 26 months .  the maven project aims to study the red planet 's loss of much of its atmosphere .  a launch rehearsal and mission readiness review have already been cancele .
 gates eases ban on gays in the military <sec> change is reflection of `` common sense '' and `` common decency , '' gates says .  president obama and adm. mike mullen , support legislative repeal of `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' .  policy forbidding gays to serve open in the military enacted in 199 .
 a photographer 's perspective on new orleans <sec> photographer conrad wyre iii left new orleans shortly before katrina struck .  he left with his pregnant wife , but his parents stayed behind .  wyre returned to help find his parents and other survivors .  he recently took part in ireport 's then and now katrina photo projec .
 once an olympic sport , tug-of-war hopes for reinclusion <sec> tug-of-war was contested in the olympics until 1920 .  some groups are pushing for it to make a comeback .  with golf , rugby joining the list of sports , there appears to be no more room on program .  tug-of-war officials hope to make their case to olympic officials next yea .
 the secret life of my sixth grader <sec> wendy sachs found out her son had a secret instagram account and considered intervening .  finding the balance between monitoring online activities and invading privacy is a challenge .  one solution : have your child change their settings to private , so strangers ca n't follow the .
 'pulp fiction ' : 20 fun facts as the film turns 20 <sec> quentin tarantino 's film opened in theaters in october 1994 .  the movie helped revive john travolta 's career .  the f-word is used 265 times in the movi .
 france 'responsible ' for holocaust deaths <sec> court : france bears responsibility for sending jews to wwii concentration camps .  court rules measures taken since end of war have compensated for damage .  france 's role in deportation of its jews taboo for decades after war .  at least 77,000 jews deported from france during nazi occupatio .
 troop levels , iran prompt gop sparring in cnn national security debate <sec> gop candidates debate national security , foreign policy .  debate was the 11th major showdown between the republican candidates .  gingrich was latest front-runner in the polls heading into debat .
 blast kills 42 , wounds dozens in pakistani seaport city of karachi <sec> new : rescue workers continue to discover bodies , a karachi official says .  the blast apparently targeted shiites in karachi , police say .  a timing device triggered the 150 kilograms of explosives , police say .  police say the death toll could rise as more bodies are found in rubbl .
 sony cuts playstation 3 price by $ 50 <sec> sony cut the playstation 3 to a base price of $ 250 .  analysts see the move as a normal part of a game console 's life cycle .  nintendo has already announced its next home game console , called the wii .
 budget deal : who wins , who loses ? <sec> the pentagon will have more certainty in planning how much money it will have to work with .  federal employees wo n't have to worry about a shutdown for at least two months .  but new federal workers will start their jobs with a 1.3 % pay cut .  air travelers will pay airlines more for their securit .
 nordstrom : woman shot by man in chicago store dies <sec> the employee died late saturday , nordstrom said on its verified facebook page .  police : the man targeted his girlfriend or ex-girlfriend .  the shooter died from his self-inflicted wound , police said .  the store will remain closed until further notic .
 germany fined after soccer fans wear neo-nazi symbols <sec> germany is fined over the `` improper conduct of supporters '' at one of its soccer games .  an anti-discrimination group says one of its observers saw a neo-nazi banner .  other teams have also been fined for racist behavior by their fans at euro 201 .
 cancer-stricken girl 's plea yields pizza bonanza <sec> mother tapes `` send pizza '' message on los angeles hospital window .  she was at hospital for her 2-year-old daughter hazel , a cancer patient .  reddit user snaps photo of sign , and redditors leap into action .  hospital is soon swamped with more than 20 pizza .
 texas board comes down on 2 sides of creationism debate <sec> texas board of education votes on science curriculum amendments .  board votes to require examination of `` all sides of scientific evidence '' .  board votes down requirement to present `` strengths and weaknesses '' of theorie .
 'sex 's ' parker : reunion was 'very , very special ' <sec> sarah jessica parker : `` sex and the city '' `` has been a dream '' .  rumors of friction ? .  `` beneath me to keep defending myself '' .  marriage to matthew broderick works because pair lives normal n.y. lif .
 war powers debate arises again around possible action in syria <sec> obama was critical of bush for not getting renewed authorization for war in iraq .  president argued against congressional ok for action in libya .  war powers resolution passed in 1973 over nixon 's veto .  law professor says perspective on war powers depends on where you 're sittin .
 alabama man added to fbi 's 'most wanted terrorists ' list <sec> omar shafik hammami was indicted in alabama for assisting a somalia terror group .  hammami , 28 , is from alabama , but believed to be in somalia now , the fbi says .  the fbi also added raddulan sahiron , a filipino wanted for kidnapping an american in 1993 .  the fbi offers a reward of up to $ 1 million for information leading to sahiron 's arres .
 north korea launches 30 short-range rockets into the sea <sec> the rockets have an estimated range of 37 miles , official says .  the united states and south korea criticize the tests as provocations .  north korea has said such tests are appropriate responses to u.s.-south korean military drill .
 tour bus safety should get same treatment as aviation , advocate says <sec> concerns raised about gaps in airline and tour bus safety .  issue gains prominence with focus on 787 fires , two deadly bus crashes .  leading u.s. safety advocate especially concerned about tired tour bus drivers .  regulators defend bus safety oversight , say government acts when it uncovers problem .
 latinos rejoice in sotomayor nomination <sec> if confirmed , sonia sotomayor will be the first hispanic person on supreme court .  latinos herald the nomination as a victory for the minority group .  a latina who wants to be an attorney says sotomayor is an inspiration .  law student says `` people are going to remember where they were '' on this da .
 texas wildfires scorch homes ; death toll climbs to 4 <sec> new : `` it 's been a little calmer today , '' a fire official says .  a blaze near austin is blamed for 2 deaths , raising the overall death toll to 4 .  more than 700 homes have burned in the last two days , the texas forest service reports .  the largest fire , the bastrop county complex , is up to 30,000 acres and is largely uncontaine .
 u.s. military children arrested in japan <sec> suspects range in age from 15 to 18 years of age .  they are accused of stringing a rope between poles across a road .  a restaurant employee , 23 , received a severe head injury .  incident occurred in august , follows other crimes connected to u.s. military personne .
 the vietnam war : 5 things you might not know <sec> this week 's episode of `` the sixties '' explores the vietnam war .  u.s. involvement escalated in the '60s .  lbj : `` a man can fight if he can see daylight ... but there ai n't no daylight in vietnam .
 judge orders release of 3 u.s. contractors held in iraq <sec> judge orders three of five u.s. contractors held in iraq to be freed .  two others remain in custody on charges involving `` illegal substances '' .  contractor already released on bond ; wife , employer identify him as donald feeney .  men detained in connection with slaying of another u.s. contractor , sources sa .
 turkey police crack down on kurds <sec> tuesday is the second time in two days turkish riot police used force against protesters .  on monday , security forces in ankara used pepper spray and water cannons .  tuesday 's kurdish clashes reflect a different power struggl .
 former border patrol union president indicted <sec> bonner is accused of taking payments for union activities and using it for himself .  this `` is a particularly troubling form of corruption , '' attorney says .  bonner is scheduled to be in court on august 2 .
 the freedom tower , rising from ashes <sec> john avlon : freedom tower is a tribute to resilience and ability to come back better than before .  lower manhattan is growing fast , he says , and streets once covered in ash are full of life .  avlon says tower shows that we will build where others have destroyed , and we will endur .
 bangkok digs in as floods , high tides merge <sec> thai floods have so far killed 283 people ; two people remain missing .  workers in bangkok rush to shore up barriers as warnings are posted for northern suburbs .  shops in ayutthaya are mostly flooded and closed , and people unable to leave their home .
 colin ferguson : duck , duck , goose is a lie <sec> subarus do n't always have the best luck on the set of `` eureka '' .  colin ferguson is a founder of detroit 's second city and improvs regularly on `` eureka '' .  ferguson claims he is not the reigning canadian `` duck , duck , goose '' champio .
 politics by mob in china and mideast <sec> furious protests denouncing another nation are happening in china as well as the mideast .  chinese protesters are taking to the streets , enraged by japan 's purchase of disputed islands .  ghitis : in mideast and china , the powerful are manipulating protests .  ghitis : it 's a risky business to use populist rage to gain power ; the rage is not controllabl .
 that ethics complaint against harry reid ? 'meritless ' says his office - cnnpolitics.com <sec> republicans say harry reid improperly used his government-funded website .  the majority leader has been criticizing the billionaire koch brothers .  law professor : some of reid 's material could be technically afoul of the rul .
 lere mgayiya : from egg seller to shoe-shining king <sec> lere mgayiya spent five years working for south africa airways .  he worked with livestock on his family 's business .  winning the sandlam money game on tv led to a quick cash injection .  now , his shoeshining business has 45 staff and turnover of more than 2.5 million ran .
 if not college , then what ? <sec> as college costs rise and job hunts get tougher , some question : why go to college ? .  economics professor says united states should develop more apprenticeships .  apprenticeships teach people a skill -- and pay them -- as they work toward certification .  lerman says apprenticeships have been valuable in other countrie .
 who does god want in the white house ? <sec> lz granderson : four gop candidates say they felt called to run .  candidates have grown bolder about using their religious faith to justify their campaigns , he says .  he asks why people do n't push back and question claims of divine intervention .  granderson : democrats as well as republicans wrongly inject faith into politic .
 henrik stenson : golf 's $ 20m man seeks major high in 2014 <sec> henrik stenson seeking first major title after a spectacular return to form in 2013 .  swede became first golfer to win fedexcup and race to dubai in same season .  stenson reportedly lost several millions dollars in allen stanford ponzi scheme .  two-and-a-half year slump saw 37-year-old drop from world no . .  5 to no . .  23 .
 bar patron swallows human toe <sec> dawson city 's downtown hotel serves a cocktail containing a real amputated human toe .  over the weekend a customer swallowed the toe as well as the drink -- deliberately .  he was fined $ 500 , but luckily the bar has a spare toe , so the tradition continue .
 cnn student news - october 18 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum 's newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 britain to send 500 more troops to afghanistan <sec> british contingent in afghanistan will be increased to 9,500 , uk 's brown says .  brown says troops must prevent afghanistan becoming al qaeda safe haven .  uk has largest contingent of troops in afghanistan after united state .
 dutch paper : van der sloot admits extortion <sec> attorney suggests comments were mistranslated .  in interview : `` i wanted to get back at natalee 's family '' .  peruvian court is still considering motion for releas .
 what does russian president vladimir putin really want ? <sec> a solution to the ukraine crisis may involve ruling the country out of any future nato membership , writes matthew chance .  for putin , this crisis is only the latest in a catalog of grievances , says chance .  putin 's ultimate goal may be to tear up the post-soviet assumptions about what russia will tolerate , he say .
 military moves to get egyptians back to work <sec> military declares curfew from midnight to 6 a.m . .  rights advocate : `` it is unclear to what extent there are any limits '' on military 's power .  thousands of workers demonstrate for better pay , less corruption .  military dispersing crowds in tahrir squar .
 river cleanups reveal bottled secrets <sec> cnn hero chad pregracke has spent the past 15 years cleaning up u.s. waterways .  over that period , he has collected 64 messages in bottles .  he 's found lottery tickets , sheet music , people 's ashes and even voodoo in the bottles .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2013 cnn heroe .
 wi-fi hot spot named after terror group delays flight <sec> wi-fi hot spot named for al qaeda terror network delays american airlines flight .  the flight was delayed until monday afternoon .  one passenger was grateful he did not fly sunda .
 sarah mclachlan on parenting , sex and 'having it all ' <sec> sarah mclachlan 's 7th full-length solo album `` shine on '' was released in may .  the three-time grammy award winner is a divorced mom of two girls , 7 and 12 .  mclachlan chatted with cnn 's kelly wallace about parenting , women 's issues and se .
 darth vader actor battles prostate cancer <sec> david prowse , who played darth vader in `` star wars , '' has prostate cancer .  prowse says he is undergoing radiotherapy at hospital in south london .  actor said every man over 50 should have a blood test for prostate cance .
 case mixing toxic love and states ' rights reaches high court <sec> carol anne laletta bond is challenging her conviction on a federal chemical weapon charge .  she used poisons to try to get back at a woman who had an affair with bond 's husband .  attorney : `` i did n't think that the federal government had any role to be in this case '' .  justice department says bond 's action falls under an international chemical weapon treat .
 creigh deeds : 'i am alive for a reason ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> sen. creigh deeds was stabbed more than 10 times during a fight with his son .  the younger man then committed suicide .  deeds tells newspaper he blames a local mental health agency for what happene .
 2007 memo criticizes fort hood suspect 's judgment , professionalism <sec> memo written by maj. nidal hasan 's supervisor at walter reed .  npr says it got a copy of the memo ; cnn can not confirm authenticity .  memo says `` faculty has serious concerns '' about hasan 's work ethi .
 escapees in canadian helicopter jailbreak captured <sec> judge had allowed trio to be outside together , cnn partner cbc reports .  quebec police say they 've arrested three prisoners who escaped on helicopter .  the three escaped june 7 when chopper touched down in jail courtyard .  the helicopter pilot has n't yet been caught , police sa .
 sound of sunday : most intriguing quotes <sec> dems , republicans both optimistic in final days before the election .  `` i 'll be surprised if the house does n't have a republican majority , '' barbour says .  `` if our voters turn out , we win , '' says dnc chairman tim kaine .  `` the status quo , the establishment in washington -- they 'll get used to me , '' steele say .
 hong kong teen activists vow to return to the streets <sec> in his lunar new year message hk leader c.y . .  leung urged residents to be more accommodating , like sheep .  but activists behind the pro-democracy umbrella movement have vowed to return to the streets .  they tell cnn they see civil disobedience tactics as the only way to put pressure on the governmen .
 ca n't afford an internship ? try asking for donations <sec> one intern turns to web to raise money to cover housing , food costs .  congress only area of government allowed to have unpaid interns .  but private employers can offer similar work without pay .  value of internships on a resume is something students are keenly aware o .
 u.s. , allies strike isis tank , refineries , checkpoints <sec> new : turkey 's president said his country can not remain on the outside of isis fight .  success of weekend strikes in iraq , syria being assessed but appear successful , u.s. says .  tank , safehouse , refineries and `` command-and-control node '' among targets hit , u.s. says .  heavy fighting between isis and kurdish troops in kobani , syria , food and supplies remain low , activist say .
 on cnn : five 'extraordinary people ' you have to meet <sec> an hour-long cnn special looks at five extraordinary people .  for some , their actions in the midst of chaos and crises saved lives .  for one , he touched other lives with his music in the midst of his sufferin .
 second mass . compounding pharmacy surrenders license <sec> investigators found `` significant '' issues in an inspection of infusion resource .  the company surrendered its pharmacy license over the weekend .  it has recalled all compounded products dispensed in the past month .  the inspections are conducted in the wake of a multistate meningitis outbrea .
