 costner , brown among those going to houston 's funeral <sec> alicia keys will sing at the funeral saturday .  tyler perry also on the program .  death certificate says burial will be at cemetery in westfield , new jersey .  funeral will be available for tv , web streamin .
 quick-thinking woman uses toes to alert authorities to home invasion <sec> an armed burglar left amy windom with her hands tied to her bed 's headboard .  she was able to pry open her laptop with her feet and type a message for help .  her boyfriend was online and called polic .
 underwater search for mh370 postponed for at least 2 months <sec> the bluefin-21 drone wraps up its final underwater mission wednesday .  officials are trying to solicit a private contractor to lead the next stage of the search .  that stage will use more high-tech equipment , possibly in two months .  meanwhile , a chinese ship is trying to map ocean floo .
 what we 've forgotten about childhood disease risks <sec> 102 cases of measles were reported last month in the united states .  cynthia leifer : people forget what a deadly toll diseases took on children before there were vaccine .
 broadway actress elaine stritch dead at 89 <sec> new : elaine stritch will be buried next to her husband in chicago .  new : broadway to dim lights in stritch 's memory friday night .  her autobiographical one-woman show `` elaine stritch at liberty '' won a tony and emmy .  stritch made her broadway debut in 194 .
 nigerians protest end of fuel subsidy <sec> new : at least 13 injured in fuel subsidy protest in northern nigeria .  conflicting reports say some protesters have died in clashes with police .  the government 's decision to end the subsidy has more than doubled fuel prices .  government : subsidy removal will help fund infrastructur .
 rosemary murphy , emmy-winning actress , dies at 89 <sec> murphy played miss maudie atkinson in `` to kill a mockingbird '' .  she won an emmy for a role in `` eleanor and franklin '' .  she also appeared in soap opera .
 glenn greenwald : lawsuit filed in uk over partner miranda 's detention <sec> david cameron pushed for the guardian to hand over snowden material , report says .  glenn greenwald says lawyers for his partner have filed a lawsuit over his detention .  they are seeking a declaration that what the uk authorities did is illegal , greenwald says .  the uk government says it has a duty to protect national securit .
 homes destroyed 'out of the blue ' by new york flooding <sec> states of emergency are in effect in 15 counties throughout new york .  1 woman is unaccounted for ; authorities have switched to a recovery mission , police say .  governor : with better forecast , lower river levels , `` we think the worst is behind us .
 interview : ross lovegrove <sec> lovegrove describes himself as industrial designer , humanist and evolutionist .  he says the internet will play a crucial role in changing the world .  lovegrove : `` in the future the city car has to become a shared object . .
 'colonel ' from pakistan wanted in mumbai case <sec> pakistani man using `` colonel '' as a title is wanted over mumbai attacks .  indian prosecutors say man 's connections with pakistani army not established .  authorities say only surviving suspect faces charges , including murder .  indian forces killed 9 suspects ; over 160 people died in november attack .
 remains belong to uva student hannah graham <sec> authorities looking for graham found the remains last saturday on an abandoned property .  the remains are those of university of virginia student hannah graham .  `` we all hoped for a happier ending , '' her parents sa .
 search for passengers after bangladeshi ferry capsizes <sec> a river-going ferry capsized in bangladesh monday , with hundreds on board .  new : police say up to 129 passengers remain missing , while 110 survived .  new : search and rescuers have so far recovered three bodies , they say .  bangladesh sees scores of casualties from ferry accidents reported each yea .
 sotomayor gets some friendly pronunciation help <sec> newest high court justice gives oral summary of cruise ship case .  she turned to fellow justice for pronunciation of italian company .  sotomayor was also honored over the weekend in new yor .
 soldiers ' bodies returned to italy as afghan bomb toll rises <sec> explosion targeted a mostly residential area near the supreme court in kabul .  bodies of six italian soldiers who died returned to italy sunday .  italian prime minister says it would be `` best '' for country 's troops to leave afghanistan .  deaths were the highest single-day death toll for italy in the afghan missio .
 'the walking dead ' returns : what to expect next <sec> fans have loved `` the walking dead 's '' sword-wielding character michonne .  danai gurira was introduced as michonne at the end of season two .  gurira tells cnn about what to expect for the second half of this season .  gurira is blown away by the fan support and having her own action figur .
 so you wan na be a youtube star ? <sec> shane dawson 's youtube videos have nearly a half billion uploads .  about 12 hours of video is uploaded to youtube every minute .  successful online video makers must consistently post to stay on top .  viewership is built by making one-on-one connections with audienc .
 big asteroid to fly by earth monday <sec> `` we should be getting some great radar images of this asteroid , '' program manager paul chodas say .  on monday , asteroid 2004 bl86 will pass within 750,000 miles of earth .  you might be able to see it with strong binoculars or backyard telescope .
 ba cabin crew to strike this month <sec> first strike will last three days from march 20 , and the next four days from march 27 .  there will be no strikes over easter ; planned strikes could still be avoided .  unite says ba plans will damage customer service and brand .  ba said union proposals would save the airline less money than its own change .
 the woman both ashton kutcher and mila kunis kissed <sec> kunis did a reddit ama chat ahead of her new movie , `` jupiter ascending '' .  she revealed that both she and kutcher have kissed natalie portman .  portman was a `` lovely kisser , '' kunis sai .
 militant tipsheet : how to avoid drone strikes <sec> a terrorism analyst says the list has been on the internet for a couple of years .  militants are advised to stay away from parked cars , avoid using cell phones .  osama bin laden warned followers to take precautions against drone strike .
 ebola nurse kaci hickox plans to leave maine town <sec> hickox recently returned to the united states after treating ebola patients .  she defied a quarantine in a tense standoff with authorities .  it 's unclear exactly where she and her boyfriend will end up , when they 'll trave .
 official : navy seal killed , 2nd injured in arizona training exercise <sec> new : the incident occurred during a `` normal '' parachute exercise , the navy said .  source : the late seal belonged to the same elite squad that went after osama bin laden , source .  unclear , however , whether that seal was on 2011 pakistan raid .  fourteen marines killed in two other training accidents recently in the united state .
 life on the lam : bulger , girlfriend enjoyed ocean breezes , fine dining <sec> neighbor : i actually was really shaking because i was really saddened to know it was them '' .  mobster james `` whitey '' bulger , 81 , had signs of alzheimer 's , his girlfriend told a neighbor .  he was also depressed and had trouble sleeping and getting out of bed , the neighbor says .  the mobster and moll hid in plain sight amid the bustle of coastal santa monic .
 saudis lead air campaign against rebels in yemen <sec> saudi ambassador says iran is interfering in yemen , other countries .  saudi adviser says the coalition controls the country 's airspace .  houthi leader says rebels will escalate response if airstrikes continue , make yemen a grave for saudi .
 sebelius contraception ruling a step back <sec> sharon camp : secretary sebelius ' overrule of fda on emergency contraception wrong .  she says fda study was thorough , found over-the-counter sale of plan-b safe .  she says sebelius incorrectly invoked girls of 11 using it ; less than 1 % have intercourse .  camp : half of u.s. pregnancies ( and 82 % of teens ) are unplanned . .  ruling a step bac .
 serena williams to return at pre-wimbledon tournament <sec> serena williams to return to competitive tennis at eastbourne tournament .  williams has been sidelined for nearly a year through injury and illness .  serena 's sister venus also returns to action in same tournament .  roger federer pulls out of grass court tournament in hall .
 thailand 's jet-set monk , luang pu nenkham , for sex charge <sec> 34-year old thai buddhist monk accused of lavish , immoral lifestyle .  arrest warrant out for luang pu nenkham for having sex with minor , rape .  leaked video of monk on luxury private jet first attracted thai authorities .  monk believed to be in california , according to thai authoritie .
 female bodyguards latest accessory for china 's rich <sec> number of female recruits training to be bodyguards on the rise .  female bodyguards are in demand among china 's elite .  women said to blend in better than male bodyguards .  the training is extremely tough and some students qui .
 dubai sex-on-beach offender : i was naive <sec> british man convicted of having sex on a beach in dubai denies sex took place .  34-year-old admits he was `` extremely naive '' about muslim law .  couple were both convicted of public indecency , sex outside marriage .  three-month jail terms suspended on appeal ; they returned to uk last wee .
 china train station killings described as a terrorist attack <sec> `` we saw two people carrying big cleavers hacking whoever is in the way , '' witness says .  police say separatist group from northwest china to blame .  four suspects reported killed ; other attackers still being sought .  train departures are not affecte .
 undocumented student 's arrest called part of 'civil rights disaster ' <sec> jessica colotl , an undocumented immigrant , was arrested , detained after traffic violation .  in u.s. since she was 11 , she is close to graduation from her university in georgia .  `` i 'm just trying to live the american dream and finish my education , '' says colotl .  advocates and lawyers for colotl liken case to `` witch hunt '' and say system is flawe .
 kentucky beats michigan 75-72 , earns final four spot <sec> new : florida , wisconsin and connecticut had already earned final four berths .  the final four games will be played saturday in texas .  several hundred blocked a road on the university of arizona campus after team 's los .
 doctors diagnose argentinian president with thyroid cancer <sec> president cristina fernandez de kirchner 's surgery is scheduled for january 4 .  medical exams indicate the cancer has not spread beyond the thyroid , a spokesman says .  spokesman : a routine medical exam uncovered papillary carcinoma in the president 's thyroid .  doctors detect papillary carcinoma , the most common type of thyroid cance .
 lawsuits filed over bush rule on health care workers <sec> connecticut attorney general : regulation would put women 's health care at risk .  rule further protects health workers who refuse procedures on moral grounds .  department of health and human services promulgated the rule last month .  hhs : rule protects workers ' right to care for patients in accord with their conscienc .
 free speech or incitement ? french magazine runs cartoons of mohammed <sec> head of grand mosque in paris condemns cartoons , expresses surprise .  france boosts security at embassies , but there are no reports of violence .  a muslim who satirized newsweek on twitter dismisses cartoons as cynical sales ploy .  editor : the cartoons mock a `` lousy '' anti-islam film , not the muslim prophe .
 bbc accuses iran of intimidating journalists <sec> iranian media outlet says people working for the bbc persian service are arrested .  the bbc says there are no persian service journalists in the country .  it accuses iran of putting pressure on the families of bbc journalist .
 diabetes took my teeth but not my life <sec> sia figiel is from american samoa , where food is a big part of the culture .  figiel developed diabetes and struggled to manage it .  since moving to the united states , figiel has lost 100 pounds .  follow her journey training for a triathlon @ trihardsi .
 companies bet on rugby 's olympic appeal <sec> despite cuttings tens of thousands of jobs , hsbc returns to sponsor the rugby sevens .  profile of rugby growing with the sports inclusion in the 2016 summer olympic gamers .  hsbc says it expects a 3-to-1 rate of return for its sponsorship investment .  analyst : returns for companies on sports sponsorship are `` notoriously iffy .
 hostels raided in south africa clampdown <sec> army patrol street to restore calm after violence targeting foreigners flared .  new : police , military in first joint operation raid three hostels .  attacks have been concentrated in johannesburg 's poorest areas .  zimbabweans who have fled their own country are driven from squatter camp .
 christian bale to play steve jobs <sec> screenwriter aaron sorkin confirmed bale as the star .  the new film is based on a jobs-approved biography .  sorkin said bale will `` crush it .
 new satellite imagery shows iranian nuclear sites , watchdog group says <sec> images reveal minor changes at a heavy water reactor , group says .  the ardakan plant is being built very slowly , it says .  a recent iaea report cited `` increasing '' concerns over iran 's nuclear aspiration .
 amazon 's drone delivery : how would it work ? <sec> amazon prime air would use unmanned flying vehicles for delivering packages .  ceo jeff bezos says drone deliveries are at least a few years away .  drone expert thinks approval will be easier outside the united states .  weather , safety and battery life all will have to be addresse .
 red cross : somalia facing severe famine <sec> icrc : somalia facing life-threatening food , water shortages leaving millions at risk .  winds are leaving crops as dry as the landscape , preventing harvests .  continual armed conflicts in central and south somalia have aggravated the situation .  high inflation on food and fuel have also exacerbated the situatio .
 ski legend tomba 's great regret <sec> alberto tomba won three olympic gold medals during his glittering skiing career .  the italian legend also claimed two world titles and 50 world cup wins .  tells cnn his one regret was quitting too early in 1998 .  `` la bomba '' remains a revered figure in italy and around the worl .
 youtube student rap stars take on poetry <sec> ron clark academy students ' '08 youtube rap performance got millions of hits .  clark teaches `` global curriculum '' with heavy emphasis on current events .  `` i 'm teaching an eigthth-grade curriculum to fifth graders , '' says clark .  student : `` my knowledge of the world has improved . .  ... .  i 'm hungry for knowledge .
 'last man standing ' at wake for a toxic town <sec> former residents of toxic lead-mining town gather to say farewell .  picher , oklahoma , is one of oldest , largest most polluted toxic-waste sites in u.s . .  a government program pays people to leave the dangerous area .  mines leave the surface prone to collapse and stain a local creek orang .
 tlc ends production on 'honey boo boo ' <sec> tlc has reportedly canceled `` here comes honey boo boo '' .  reports have claimed that mama june is dating a sex offender .  june has refuted the claims in facebook pos .
 oil pulling : does it work ? <sec> oil pulling is based on ancient indian health systems .  one study shows that oil pulling can reduce plaque .  there are two techniques , and different liquids can be used .  if not done properly , oil pulling can have negative side effect .
 world 's 10 best drinking nations <sec> australia -- pretensions to sophistication , but pronounce sauvignon `` sav '' .  korea -- where late-night drinking sessions grease the wheels of industry .  ecuador -- local tipple is called `` hangover in a bottle '' .  great britain -- do not believe the promise of dinner . .  going for a drink means exactly , and only , tha .
 syrian refugees flood jordanian town <sec> one neighborhood in jordan has been dubbed syria town .  refugees are renting out shops and converting them into makeshift homes .  a group of wealthy syrian expatriates has started a new aid progra .
 democrats turn up pressure on weiner , rally behind ethics probe <sec> house minority leader nancy pelosi calls for an ethics probe into rep. anthony weiner 's behavior .  he admits to having inappropriate relationships with women and lying about it .  other democrats have said they welcome such a probe , as does weiner .  but a republican calls pelosi 's move `` hollow , '' saying she should have told him to resig .
 death toll rises to 330 in pakistan quake <sec> new : the death toll could climb as authorities access hard-to-reach areas , a spokesman says .  hundreds more are injured in powerful earthquake .  rescue efforts are under way with people still feared trapped under rubble .  quake powerful enough to create small island in arabian sea , officials sa .
 the screening room 's top 10 romantic moments <sec> films full of romance include `` roman holiday , '' `` city lights , '' `` amélie '' .  bogart and bergman 's `` casablanca '' farewell tops the list .  list by no means complete ; send us your .
 minnesota issues ban on antibacterial ingredient triclosan <sec> triclosan ban in minnesota goes into effect in 2017 .  triclosan has been in consumer products for more than 30 years .  cdc study found triclosan present in urine of 75 % of people .  health effects still unclea .
 ebola vaccine campaign to be launched in guinea <sec> who leader : this vaccine could be `` the first preventive tool against ebola in history '' .  this trial campaign will be conducted in a hard-hit region of the west african nation of guinea .  authorities have had success in curbing ebola , but dozens of new cases still arise each wee .
 south sudan 's 1st birthday clouded by tensions <sec> south sudan became independent last year following a two-decade civil war .  border clashes with its northern neighbor have put the region on edge .  the fighting has created a huge humanitarian crisis .  the south sudanese government is also suffering from a lack of oil revenu .
 report : two confess to helping al qaeda inmates escape in yemen <sec> new : yemeni president to make a public appearance by tuesday , adviser says .  interior ministry official : 63 members of al qaeda escaped last week , according to saba .  state media : a prison warden and guards are suspended and being questioned .  an opposition bloc spokesman says he thinks ruling family loyalists are responsibl .
 nasa prints 3-d wrench in space <sec> a wrench is first `` uplink tool '' designed on earth then emailed and printed in space .  made in space partnered with nasa to send a 3-d printer to international space station .  goal is in-space manufacturing , especially as missions venture farther from eart .
 opinion : for evidence of climate change , look to alaska <sec> u.n. panel releases the first part of its new climate assessment this week .  john sutter : the impact of climate change is obvious , everywhere .  sutter says lawmakers should look to alaska for evidence of the effects .  villages there are thinking of relocating because of changes in the climat .
 italian workers strike as senate votes on belt-tightening <sec> strikes cause transport chaos in cities across the country , an italian news agency reports .  the cgil union calls for demonstrations in rome , florence , milan and many other cities .  italy is trying to bring down its public debt , which is 120 % of gdp .  prime minister silvio berlusconi insists that the country can tackle the crisi .
 u.s. could have acted sooner on boko haram , official says <sec> state department official says there was debate within agency about terror designation .  there was concern that terror label would bring boko haram more attention , status .  the official said boko haram abductions in nigeria are now a top u.s. priority .  the timing of the terror label for boko haram has now become a political issu .
 near miss at newark airport spurs runway rules change , faa says <sec> the faa changes runway rules at site of near miss at newark airport in april .  the aircraft were operating on intersecting runways during the april incident .  as a result , one of the runways will not be used for arrivals when the other has takeoff .
 man pleads not guilty to driving into crowd at venice beach , killing 1 <sec> new : driver did not intentionally hit anyone , lawyer says .  suspect enters not guilty plea ; bail is set at $ 1.48 million .  incident occurred at famed venice beach boardwalk .  family of killed woman releases statemen .
