 is zimbabwe ready for elections ? depends on who you ask <sec> zimbabwe 's presidential elections are next week .  the last vote in 2008 was marred by violence .  robert mugabe , 89 , has been the country 's only presiden .
 police : missing girl , alleged abductor panhandling before being found <sec> new : the alleged abductor of a virginia girl is a suspect in her mother 's murder .  new : the girl and suspect were soliciting money outside a california store friday .  new : they started driving west shortly after the girl 's mother was killed in virginia .  the 12-year-old virginia girl is `` safe '' and the suspected abductor is in custod .
 barcelona to sign dutch winger afellay <sec> dutch club psv eindhoven agree to sell winger ibrahim afellay to barcelona .  the 24-year-old will settle personal terms ahead of january transfer window .  he has played 30 times for the netherlands and went to the 2010 world cu .
 president saakashvili : we have had 'miraculous transformation ' <sec> georgia president praises his own people for `` miraculous transformation '' .  saakashvili says creating a meritocracy will reverse `` corrupt , planned society of soviet times '' .  poverty levels falling and georgia becoming a more attractive place to stay , saakashvili say .
 schumacher defends his decision to return to f1 <sec> michael schumacher return to f1 racing this year after three years in retirement .  despite high expectations schumacher finished the season in ninth place .  schumacher has won seven f1 world champion titles since his debut in 199 .
 brothers went to war , but not all on the same side <sec> all seven oka brothers served in the military : some for the u.s. and some for japan .  three were in the u.s. army during world war ii .  two who were left behind in japan fought against the united states during the war .  two others stuck in japan were too young to fight ; they served on u.s. side during korean wa .
 iran nuclear talks : kerry says now the 'best chance ' for deal <sec> new : vice president biden explains parameters for a possible deal to democratic senators .  secretary of state john kerry says `` it 's important to exhaust ... diplomacy '' .  prime minister netanyahu says israel wants a `` genuine '' diplomatic solution .  delegations from the key players meet in geneva , switzerlan .
 analysis : female minister just one of saudi king 's steps forward <sec> with minister picks , king appears to have put saudi arabia on a new course .  woman at education post is kingdom 's first female minister .  conservative justice minister , head of religious police have been replace .
 mark wahlberg to star in movie about boston bombing <sec> mark wahlberg is planning to appear in `` patriots ' day '' .  the film will be about events surrounding the 2013 boston marathon bombing .  another film , `` boston strong , '' is also in the work .
 about the wiggles <sec> anthony field , murray cook and greg page studied early childhood education .  entertain children with music and visuals in english , mandarin and spanish .  u.s. fans include john travolta , sarah jessica parker , chris rock , cate blanchet .
 welcoming the successor of peter to the philippines <sec> pope francis ' trip to the philippines will be the fourth papal visit and first in 20 years .  pope has expressed a desire that the visit should be not focus on him : `` jesus should be the focus '' .  visit should be an opportunity for filipinos to bring the gospel of jesus to all aspects of lif .
 2 others now in custody along with hernandez in massachusetts killing <sec> man who turned himself in florida charged with accessory after the fact of murder .  authorities say they believe they have three men who were in car with odin lloyd .  the attorney for one of those men says his client is `` confused '' and not guilty .  police `` very active '' in seeking to link aaron hernandez also to 2012 killings , source say .
 cdc : garment misuse may have released germs <sec> the error `` could have led to the bacteria clinging to inner garments and getting carried out '' of a lab , inspectors say .  also , `` staff frequently entered the select agent lab without appropriate protective clothing '' .  the cdc says the bacteria probably are n't a threat to the general populatio .
 iraqis flooding jordan get free schooling <sec> jordan opens school doors to all iraqi children , regardless of refugee status .  principal says her school is 20 percent iraqi this year .  education minister : iraqi kids will be incorporated into `` mainstream '' life .  one student says he lost five family members in ira .
 memorial day starts the 100 deadliest days for teen drivers <sec> memorial day through labor day is the deadliest time for teen drivers .  in 2012 , nearly 1,000 people were killed in crashes involving teen drivers during the summer .  researchers : passengers increase the risk of a teen driver crashing by at least 44 % .  more than 40 states have laws limiting passengers for newly licensed driver .
 q & a ; : life on the saudi border <sec> cnn senior international correspondent nic robertson traveled to the saudia arabian border with yemen .  robertson talked about his experiences in an ama chat on reddi .
 the grammy powerhouse you 've never heard of <sec> polka is among several of the lesser known grammy categories .  artist jimmy sturr up to possibly win grammy number 18 .  academy exec : `` every grammy is of equal value and importance in our minds '' .  pre-telecast for those not included in live show growing in popularit .
 cruise safety one year after concordia <sec> january 13 marks one year since the costa concordia wrecked off the coast of italy .  since the accident , the cruise industry has revised procedures including safety drills .  cruise critic editor calls the new muster drill standards the most important reform .  cruise travelers are taking safety more seriously , she sai .
 college basketball : 'an old jalopy in need of repair ' <sec> ray glier : college basketball `` has wheezed and sputtered for three months '' .  writer says the new season needs a real fix when it begins in november .  glier : a 24-second shot clock will be quicker and more fun .  he believes coaches should allow more freedom of movement among player .
 'suge ' knight collapses after bail set at $ 25 million <sec> `` it 's just laughable , '' knight 's attorney says about high bail .  knight is taken to hospital , but his condition is not available , attorney say .
 9th set of human remains thought to be found in serial killer probe <sec> new : what 's thought to be a human skull is found monday in oyster bay , police say .  new : a medical examiner is trying to determine if a separate set of remains is human .  new : a county official says , `` we want to bring to justice this animal '' .  the discoveries are about 5 miles from where 8 other human remains were foun .
 germany 's angela merkel signs 'grand coalition ' deal with spd <sec> german chancellor 's deal paves the way for a coalition of parties from the right and left .  cdu general secretary : `` we have achieved a result that will be good for the country '' .  the coalition deal must still be put to spd members for final approval .  merkel 's cdu party got the most votes in september 's poll but not an outright victor .
 'blue dog ' democrats : current health bill not acceptable <sec> conservatives press democratic leadership for significant changes to draft bill .  40 lawmakers express concerns bill does n't preserve what works or fix what 's broken .  meeting held with speaker pelosi and white house chief of staff emanuel .  house majority leader hoyer says thursday developments are no setbac .
 five things obama must do <sec> elaine kamarck : in his second term , there are five immediate challenges for obama .  she says he must find united states ' footing in fragile arab world .  kamarck : he must reach a grand bargain with gop to avoid fiscal cliff .  kamarck : he must find way to deal with fractious republican party ; confront climate chang .
 long-term study questions benefits of mammogram screening <sec> researchers publish 25-year follow-up to canadian breast screening study .  study authors conclude mammography does not save additional lives from cancer .  authors : 22 % of invasive cancers detected during screening were overdiagnosed .  experts say study 's methods were flawed , technology used was behind the time .
 nasa 's forays yield earthly spin-offs <sec> many common products can be traced back to research conducted by nasa .  freeze-dried food , artificial limbs , edible toothpaste are among nasa spin-offs .  contrary to rumors , tang , velcro and teflon not developed for space travel .  it has been 40 years since nasa 's apollo 11 mission took man to the moo .
 ryan lochte : olympic champion with an appetite to match <sec> five-time olympic champion tweets photo of 10,000-calorie meal .  elite swimmers require so much energy because of their size and grueling training schedule .  most athletes requiring endurance are a lot smaller , says uk nutrition expert .  `` messing your diet up can really impair performance , '' lewis james say .
 study revisits mystery of egyptian king 's killing <sec> new forensic evidence reveals a brutal throat slashing .  scans conducted after layers of bandages are removed reveal a deep cut .  king ramesses iii ruled from about 1187 until 1156 bc .  theories have raged over what led to his deat .
 the myth of millennial inevitability <sec> a new book details changing u.s. demographics and the role of millennials in that change .  a millennial responds to the myth of her generation 's inevitable takeover .  to have change , millennials need participation , leadership and innovation , author say .
 commentary : flu should n't close mexico border <sec> dr. carlos del rio : u.s. and mexico have responded well to swine flu outbreak .  he says cross-border cooperation is crucial to successful battle against flu .  key question is why mexico 's illnesses have been more deadly , he says .  del rio : one factor may be presence of pneumonia in those who die .
 gunman , wife and stepson among 6 dead in eastern kentucky shooting <sec> police identify the suspected gunman as stanley neace , 47 .  neace 's wife and stepson are among the dead .  state police are taking over the investigation , sheriff says .  authorities are trying to notify relatives of the victim .
 tiananmen square : a watershed story for cnn <sec> the story `` put cnn on the map , '' said former beijing bureau chief mike chinoy .  reporters had flooded beijing to cover the visit of soviet leader mikhail gorbachev .  for the first time , a tv network beamed its own live pictures from china .  as protests grew , chinese authorities ordered cnn to stop transmittin .
 can egypt 's presidential candidates transform economic fortunes ? <sec> egyptians will go to the polls on may 26 and 27 to elect a new president .  adel fattah el sisi and hamdeen sabahi are the only candidates .  reviving a crumblng economy will be among the key tasks of the vote winne .
 official : pakistani teen blogger 's shooting a 'wake-up call ' to 'clear ... danger ' <sec> new : about 100 are arrested for allegedly `` colluding '' with the shooters , foreign minister says .  `` it could be ... a turning point '' in pakistan 's fight against extremists , she adds .  the blogger , malala yousufzai , is still in critical condition after tuesday 's attack .  the taliban vow to kill the well-known pakistani teenager if she survive .
 iraqi military says it killed 40 in thwarted attack against base <sec> iraq : al qaeda splinter group attacked military base south of baghdad .  40 attackers , one iraqi army officer were killed , iraq 's interior ministry says .  iraq has been beset with political and sectarian violence for month .
 isaac mizrahi on 'how to have style ' <sec> designer isaac mizrahi moving from target to creative director at liz claiborne .  mizrahi says he believes `` bad hair '' is the most common style mistake designer says he prefers no flowers to `` bad '' ones .  mizrahi admits he has a `` claustrophobic '' personalit .
 kim jong il 's eldest son 'not interested ' in succession <sec> kim jong nam tells tv asahi he has no interest in leading north korea .  kim jong nam is eldest son of north korean leader kim jong il .  rules of succession in secretive communist state unclear .  kim jong il widely reported to have suffered stroke last yea .
 police getting medical records of missing girl <sec> police did not specify what kind of records they are seeking .  zahra , 10 , was last seen september 25 .  police are investigating her disappearance as a homicid .
 uk police arrest tibet activists during wen visit <sec> protesters carrying tibetan flags chanted `` china murderers '' .  police say five activists arrested .  wen jiabao on three day visit to u .
 photographer captures 'new slaves ' of the gulf <sec> photographer philippe chancel has released a book of portraits of migrant laborers in the uae .  human rights watch says the exploitation of migrant laborers from south asia is widespread .  chancel likens the laborers to `` ghosts , '' invisible to others in the emirate .
 her family dead , toddler critical after being found alone in indiana field <sec> the girl 's parents and 2 siblings died in the storm , a hospital official says .  she remained in critical condition saturday evening , he adds .  the 20-month-old girl was found alone , without id , in an indiana field , authorities say .  authorities are also searching for a 9-year-old boy missing since the tornadoes hi .
 coachella preview : bands plan ambitious multimedia installations <sec> arcade fire , animal collective and interpol will have an array of audiovisual installations .  it 's all part of coachella 's new partnership with the creators project .  london 's united visual artists are building into a three-dimensional lighting sculptur .
 threat of levee failure prompts evacuations along wisconsin river <sec> the aging levee system is under pressure after heavy rainfall last week .  as much as 11 inches of rain fell in parts of wisconsin and minnesota .  flooding is expected to continue over the next few day .
 women 's funny weight loss math <sec> calculating your body mass index ( bmi ) does not take feelings into account .  the personal body image index uses other things besides height and weight .  standing next to fat people , wearing black pants lowers your score .  standing next to young , toned , bikini-clad women -- adds 20 point .
 crazy things americans tried to take on planes in 2013 <sec> more than 1,800 guns discovered on fliers last year , according to new tsa report .  other smuggled items included knives , ninja stars and human skull fragments .  innovative weapons included credit card knives and lipstick pepper spra .
 snowden 's father pleased with son 's moscow life <sec> `` this is the best place for him , '' lon snowden says of his son , edward .  russia 's asylum could be easily extended , father says .  feds have charged edward snowden with espionage , theft of government propert .
 israel releases palestinian prisoners amid protests <sec> new : abbas says there can be no peace deal until all prisoners have been freed .  the palestinian prison authority says a total of 26 prisoners have been released .  it is the second time in recent months that israel has freed prisoners .  the release is part of an agreement that jump-started stalled peace talk .
 family tree travel : how to create your own journey into the past <sec> interest in genealogy is rising , with many choosing to combine travel with family history research .  websites like ancestry.com offer access to billions of indexed records .  librarians , city clerks , museum officers and clergy members can be solid sources of informatio .
 obama 's emerging foreign policy doctrine ( opinion ) <sec> sally kohn : critics say president obama 's foreign policy is too cautious or lacks clarity .  she says it 's absurd to suggest obama is a weak leader ; just ask osama bin laden .  kohn : actually , obama 's policy -- the `` transition doctrine '' -- reflects complexity of our time .  those who want aggressive military intervention should look at failures of past , she say .
 insulin injection errors may have exposed veterans to viruses <sec> insulin pens were erroneously used on multiple patients in a va hospital , memo says .  shared items may have exposed 716 veterans to hepatitis b , hepatitis c and hiv .  incorrect use lasted from october 2010 to november 2012 , memo say .
 five apps that drove the app store 's success <sec> apple 's app store arrived five years ago .  users have downloaded more than 50 billion ios apps .  casual game `` angry birds '' is the store 's top-selling app ever .  facebook leads most-popular list of free apps , followed by pandor .
 authorities : suspect in calif. shooting spree deported <sec> one of the suspect in a california shooting spree was previously deported , according to u.s. immigration and customs enforcement . .  one suspect was using an alias , an ice spokeswoman says .  marcelo marquez , 34 , and jannelle monroy , 38 , are in custody after six-hour rampag .
 chelsea or bradley manning : addressing transgender people <sec> private bradley manning identifies as transgender ; wants to be called chelsea manning .  talk of pronouns , gender identity surfaces amid manning 's announcement .  pronoun use is `` fundamental to person whose identity is at stake , '' linguistic professor says .  trans advocates recommend treating transgendered people as gender they identify wit .
 allen iverson to police : 'do you know who i am ? ' <sec> the former nba star was in a car that was stopped by an officer .  he told the policeman , `` i make more money than you will in 10 years '' .  police say iverson later apologize .
 newt gingrich , the man who changed washington <sec> lawrence lessig : gingrich fundamentally changed nature of congress .  he says the speaker focused gop on fundraising , rather than nation 's business .  under gingrich , holding power trumped deliberation on real issues .  lessig says gop gave up goal of shrinking government to avoid losing donation .
 sheriff 's deputies , suspect shot in western ohio identified <sec> new : authorities identify the shooting suspect as michael ferryman , 57 .  the suspect is dead .  second law enforcement officer is in fair condition .  sheriff : suzanne hopper , who was killed , was married and the mother of two childre .
 oklahoma resumes executions by lethal injection <sec> oklahoma put a hold on executions after a botched one in april .  state resumed them thursday with a lethal injection cocktail containing a controversial sedative .  inmate richard glossip , set to die january 29 , says bungled execution adds to his anxiet .
 quake-hit christchurch to build temporary 'cardboard cathedral ' <sec> a `` cardboard cathedral '' has been given the go-ahead for construction in christchurch , new zealand .  the temporary a-framed structure will be finished by the end of 2012 .  the old anglican cathedral was badly damaged by the 2011 earthquake which struck the city .  bishop of christchurch , victoria mathews announced in march that the cathedral would be condemne .
 opinion : smartphones help catch a terror suspect <sec> gary kessler : boston bombing used public 's photos , videos at unprecedented rate .  criminal cases will rely more on public as thousands take pictures and videos , he says .  unmindful of privacy , he says , a community worked together for a greater good .  kessler : crowdsourcing in criminal investigation will happen more and mor .
 japan rail quiz : how will you fare ? <sec> japan has strived to be at the world 's forefront for rail research and development .  the nation now has over 2000 kilometers of train tracks and a renowned bullet train network .  an estimated 24 million passengers use the network every da .
 become a 'mastermind ' with sherlock holmes ' help <sec> sherlock holmes , the celebrated fictional detective , turns 159 this week .  author maria konnikova uses the latest science to explain workings of holmes ' mind .  she shows how you can learn to think with clarity like holme .
 nypd receives funding to equip officers with heroin antidote naloxone <sec> the nypd will equip nearly 20,000 officers with naloxone , a heroin antidote .  attorney general eric schneiderman will provide at least $ 1,170,000 .  `` this program will literally save lives , '' said schneiderman .  naloxone prevents heroin from slowing a person 's breathin .
 want lady gaga 's eyes ? youtube beauty gurus teach how to do it yourself <sec> michelle phan , 23 , is the no . .  1 self-made youtube beauty stylist .  youtube officials say do-it-yourself beauty videos have become more popular .  some styling mavens say they are working on launching their own beauty products .  phan recently signed on with lancôme to be a representativ .
 palestinians : 1,300 killed , 22,000 buildings destroyed in gaza <sec> israeli offensive caused $ 1.9 billion in economic destruction in gaza , official says .  it could take a year for gaza 's economy to recover , palestinian agency says .  u.n. official : 159 children among 1,300 people killed in gaza during offensiv .
