 obama : anti-terror plans focus on pakistan , afghanistan <sec> intelligence shows al qaeda planning attacks on u.s. , president obama says .  part of afghan strategy is $ 1.5 billion annually for five years in aid for pakistan .  u.s. to send 4,000 more troops to afghanistan as well as 17,000 announced earlier .  hundreds of civilian specialists also to be deploye .
 search for killers of british tourists in thailand <sec> the man and woman were found dead early monday on a beach on koh tao .  a hoe with blood on it was discovered near the bodies , police say .  police want to talk to people caught on video in the bar where the victims were last seen .  the two britons were in their early 20s and were believed to have recently me .
 massive fire devours guatemalan market , destroys thousands of stalls <sec> state media : a massive fire destroyed 6,000 stalls in la terminal market .  the fire broke out in guatemala city around 2:30 a.m . .  firefighters struggled to battle the blaze due to a shortage of water in the are .
 alinghi to defend america 's cup in uae <sec> united arab emirate ras al-khaimah to host america 's cup next feburary .  defending champion alinghi will race oracle in best-of-three series .  billionaire backers of rival syndicates have been involved in protracted legal battle .  alinghi won america 's cup in 2003 and made succesful defense in 200 .
 nearly half of u.s. population facing extreme heat <sec> new : national weather service says 22 deaths may be due to heat in midwest .  141 million people are under advisories or warnings , noaa spokesman tweets .  watches , warnings , and advisories cover more than 30 state .
 scientists more certain that particle is higgs boson <sec> an elusive particle discovered last year looks even more like the higgs boson .  higgs boson is linked to all mass in the universe .  large hadron collider , which discovered particle , shut down for about 2 years .  the particle-smasher will come back online at unprecedented energie .
 kaka urges beckham to extend milan loan <sec> brazilian star kaka wants david beckham to extend his loan at ac milan .  england midfielder beckham due to return to los angeles galaxy in march .  beckham 's advisers say no plans for him to stay beyond agreed deadlin .
 u.s. monitoring kidnapping case against citizen in haiti <sec> new : doctor says child 's father waited for baby to breathe .  american paul waggoner is accused of kidnapping of 15-month-old boy in february .  waggoner remains jailed during investigation .  he is co-founder of a humanitarian group that assists medical teams in hait .
 botched jesus fresco becomes surprise success <sec> cecilia gimenez 's `` restoration '' attempt was widely mocked .  to date , 70,000 tourists have traveled to see the paint job .  plans afoot to launch merchandise including postcards and cigarette lighter .
 new york man sues airlines over underwear bomber incident <sec> a man is suing two airlines for $ 10 million .  he says he was injured after tackling the `` underwear bomber '' during a detroit-bound flight .  both airlines declined to comment on the lawsui .
 condemned iranian woman disputes charges against her <sec> iranian woman may be executed by stoning .  ashtiani says she was cleared in her husband 's murder .  her attorney claims the murder was not proven .  iranian official says ashtiani guilty of numerous crime .
 the presidio : san francisco 's most scenic spot <sec> the spanish first developed the presidio in 1776 .  in 1846 the u.s. army moved in .  recently businesses have been moving into its historic space .
 prime minister : turkey could ok troops in syria <sec> ahmet davutoglu : u.s. airstrikes in syria were necessary but not enough to beat isis .  `` if isis goes , another radical organization may come in , '' he says .  all terrorist threats and `` crimes against humanity '' committed by syria must end , he says .  `` we will do everything possible '' to help `` our brothers and sisters '' in kobani , he say .
 football fanatics win super prize : super bowl tickets , delivered by favorite players <sec> texas middle-school student among the winners of an nfl contest .  tyler sampson received tickets to the super bowl from dallas cowboys ' demarcus ware .  a 75-year-old flag football quarterback gets his tickets from legend joe namat .
 john king : boehner says 'never mind ' on immigration <sec> a week ago , house speaker boehner said he wanted to try to act on immigration .  on thursday , boehner said it would n't happen this year .  trust gap between republicans and white house wo n't close in election year .  immigration debate between house republicans would give democrats a weapo .
 u.s. evacuates yemen - cnnpolitics.com <sec> u.s. military forces have been evacuated from al anad airbase .  u.n. security council to meet sunday to discuss yeme .
 st. louis-area officer fired after comments on ferguson <sec> `` these protesters should be put down like a rabid dog , '' the officer purportedly wrote .  glendale , missouri , officer matthew pappert was suspended a week ago .  his chief cited `` very concerning and inappropriate posts on his personal facebook page '' .  pappert 's attorney issued a statement saying the officer was sorr .
 u.s. troops among victims of colorado movie shooting <sec> new : 1 sailor is unaccounted for , the pentagon says .  another sailor and 2 airmen were wounded , the pentagon says .  buckley afb in aurora , colorado , is the closest base to the shooting scene .  buckley 's traumatic stress response team has been activate .
 doctors at heart of uk terror probe <sec> australian paper says police believe up to 12 medics could be involved in plots .  british tabloids publish stories with headlines like `` dr . .  evil '' and `` docs of war '' .  doctors have been questioned or detained in australia , england , scotland .  expert says some doctors ' desire to conduct jihad could override their oath .
 cameron blames u.k. riots on 'moral collapse ' <sec> police release video footage of two officers hit by car during london riots .  police arrest a seventh man in connection with three hit-and-run deaths in birmingham .  the number of arrests in london rises to 1,593 .  the british prime minister vows to `` mend our broken society .
 delaware pediatrician faces more sex charges <sec> dr. earl bradley previously pleaded not guilty to 471 felony counts .  latest charges involve 24 girls he saw as patients from 1999 to 2009 .  officials say charges are based on `` video and digital evidence .
 jose baez : no longer a courtroom 'bozo ' <sec> jose baez was n't taken seriously until he won acquittals at casey anthony 's murder trial .  it took baez eight years to gain admission into the florida bar because of debts .  he had been trying cases for just three years when he took the anthony case .  the late johnnie cochran , who won the o.j . .  simpson murder trial , is one of his heroe .
 venezuelan refinery ablaze after lightning strike <sec> new : venezuela 's president says he 's monitoring the situation .  new : video shows a column of thick , black smoke rising above the facility .  lightning strikes at a venezuelan refinery , sparking a fire .  an official says no injuries have been reported from the blast and subsequent blaz .
 illinois to ban texting while driving <sec> 16 other states , district of columbia ban texting while driving .  studies say texting while driving increases risk of an accident or near accident .  it is difficult to measure success of no-texting laws , experts say .  senators say they want federal ban on texting while drivin .
 facebook 's whatsapp adding voice calls <sec> facebook bought popular texting service whatsapp last week .  whatsapp adding voice calls to its messaging service .  ceo announces the plan at mobile world congress in spai .
 michele bachmann 's not so quiet exit <sec> rep. michele bachmann is retiring after eight years in congress .  the minnesota republican was a divisive conservative figure in both political partie .
 sochi 2014 : canada break u.s. hearts with golden goal <sec> canada claim golden goal to snatch women 's ice hockey gold from u.s . .  russia claim a first ever women 's figure skating gold but result controversial .  france clean up in the men 's ski cross competition at rosa khutor extreme park .  u.s. 's maddie bowman pays tribute to sarah burke following win in skiing halfpip .
 report : u.s. spied on americans ' intimate conversations abroad <sec> ex-army reserves arab linguist said the u.s. government listened to private calls .  another linguist said nsa eavesdropped on 'pillow talk ' conversations .  u.s. surveillance program allows calls related only to terrorism to be monitored .  linguists said that when they complained , they were told to keep listenin .
 can love propel david ginola to fifa 's top job <sec> david ginola launches his bid to become president of fifa in london .  former footballer says he wants to `` reboot football '' and rebuild trust .  ginola is being for his involvement paid by a well-known bookmaker .  he must secure five nominations from fifa members by january 2 .
 israeli operative interview reveals details of plo co-founder 's assassination <sec> abu jihad was a co-founder of the palestine liberation organization .  he was killed by gunfire in 1988 , at a tunisian villa .  a now-dead israeli agent claimed in an interview 12 years ago that he killed abu jihad .  israel 's censor is for the first time allowing the interview to be publishe .
 israeli president peres on meeting iranian president rouhani : why not ? <sec> israeli president says purpose of diplomatic talks is to convert enemies into friends .  iran 's rouhani has taken a moderate tone , unlike his predecessor .  israel has criticized a recently signed deal that eased some sanctions on iran .  peres says the next six months are a trial perio .
 why science is like play <sec> beau lotto : uncertainty is dangerous in a predatory world , but essential for innovation .  he says science gives people the means to be creative in devising theories , experiments .  lotto recruited students to take part in a science project about the visual behavior of bumblebees .  students crafted experiments and wrote their findings in a paper that was publishe .
 bishop long : did you or did n't you ? <sec> jonathan walton : bishop long never directly refuted allegations of seducing teen boys .  walton says those trying to deflect a perjury charge use the cowardly rhetoric long used .  long hid behind biblical metaphors , he writes , used congregation as shield .  walton believes if the bishop wants authority , he needs to take responsibilit .
 iranian pastor refuses to reject religion , faces execution <sec> source says iran 's supreme leader would have to sign off on execution .  in the past , such sentences have been reduced , source says .  the christian pastor 's parents were muslim .  such apostacy trials are rare in ira .
 more associates link jackson to prescription drugs <sec> family reportedly tried to stage intervention for michael jackson in 2007 .  the cause of jackson 's june 25 death is pending a toxicology report .  city of los angeles set up web page asking fans to donate money to help with cost .
 obamacare sign-up concerns congressional staff - cnnpolitics.com <sec> starting monday , congressional staffers will use the obamacare health care exchanges .  some staffers participated in two information sessions on thursday .  they are concerned about higher premiums , especially for older workers .  many also want information on insurance plans that exclude abortio .
 judge declares idaho 's gay marriage ban unconstitutional <sec> idaho becomes the latest state in which a state gay marriage ban is struck down .  judge : order takes effect this friday morning , unless it 's successfully appealed .  laws `` deny its gay and lesbian citizens the fundamental right to marry , '' says judge .  they also give their families `` stigmatized , second-class status , '' she add .
 man sentenced to death for china school attack <sec> death sentence given to man who attacked children and teacher .  there have been at least four attacks involving knives and cleavers since march .  china has recently started regulating large knives after several similar attack .
 why the abortion and faith question is relevant <sec> debate moderator was criticized for asking question about candidates ' faith and abortion .  anika rahman says the question gave voters important information .  rahman : can a candidate reconcile church teachings with reproductive rights .
 hamilton wins at monza as alonso extends f1 lead <sec> lewis hamilton wins italian grand prix to move into second in f1 drivers ' standings .  fernando alonso extends lead to 37 points after finishing third at ferrari 's home race .  title rivals sebastian vettel and mark webber finish out of the points at monza .  sauber 's sergio perez places second for his third podium finish this seaso .
 cupcakes get 'butch ' with sweets for manly men <sec> butch bakery features flavors such as mojito , beer run and jackhammer .  founder david arrick was an attorney for a wall street law firm before he was laid off .  most of butch 's customers are wome .
 elephant-poo power electrifies zoo <sec> zoo in germany partially powered by electricity produced from animal dung .  animal waste fermented for 30 days generates `` biogas '' .  energy produced enough to heat 25 homes and power 10 .
 indian tribe 's 'avatar ' victory over uk mining giant <sec> indian authorities reject company 's proposal to mine in eastern state of orissa .  the site is viewed as sacred by the dongria kondh tribe .  vedanta resources wanted to mine bauxite ther .
 herbal remedies need real scrutiny <sec> consumers get constant pitches for herbal supplements as remedies .  david frum says a 1994 law exempted supplements from scientific review .  he says people who try to be their own doctor take on unnecessary risk .  frum : government should regulate supplements as it does drug .
 boehner hits obama for ruling out boots on the ground <sec> house speaker john boehner says the president 's isis plan is not enough .  obama 's plan includes airstrikes against isis in syria and training some syrian rebels .  still , boehner says he thinks congress should authorize the president 's pla .
 obama : netanyahu rhetoric `` contrary '' to traditions - cnnpolitics.com <sec> president talks with huffington post about israeli leader .  interview covers netanyahu stance on two-state solution , arab voter .
 conrad murray seeks new test in michael jackson 's death <sec> murray lawyers want test of propofol bottle prosecutors say contained fatal dose .  if residue has no lidocaine , it disproves prosecution theory , defense lawyers say .  the defense theory is that a desperate jackson self-injected the drug that killed him .  murray serving four-year prison sentence for involuntary manslaughter convictio .
 bodyguard threatened after diana 's death <sec> dodi fayed 's bodyguard says ca n't remember crash that killed princess diana .  new : trevor rees received anonymous threatening phone calls , letters after crash .  princess diana , boyfriend dodi fayed and driver henri paul all died in accident .  rees was a bodyguard employed by dodi fayed 's father , mohamed al faye .
 californians cleared to vote on same-sex marriage ban <sec> california supreme court declines to block november vote .  state residents to vote on whether to ban same-sex marriages .  activist group had sought to block ballot initiative .  same-sex marriages were legalized in state earlier this yea .
 ignoring west , crimea readies vote on joining russia <sec> u.s. house approves resolution condemning russia , urging sanctions .  osce chief says crimea referendum would make things worse .  pro-russian billboards portray crimea under the swastika .  russia calls crimea vote `` absolutely legitimate , '' cites kosovo preceden .
 ex-apple boss tackles poverty in india with mobile technology <sec> in parts of india , people lack basics such as food and water but cell phone towers are often everywhere .  parents typically take their children out of school before they turn 16 to earn money .  one american non-profit organization is exploiting mobile technology to empower destitute villager .
 to realize your potential , 'dare to be different ' <sec> `` we must embrace the style that makes us unique , '' says rich horwath .  horwath says everyone has their own unique style that can help their career .  he asks five questions to help you discover your differentiatio .
 brisbane battles flood devastation as death toll rises <sec> `` there 's a lot of heartache and grief , '' bligh says .  fifteen dead and 55 missing , officials say .  the search for survivors continues .  more than 20,000 homes have been inundate .
 nigerian mosque attack deaths climb to 120 , scores hurt <sec> reporter counts 94 bodies at one hospital .  a rescue official says at least 120 dead , more deaths likely among injured .  no group has claimed responsibility for the attack in kano , in northern nigeria .  the blasts come in a city where islamist group boko haram has waged anti-government attack .
 'japan inc. ' on the brink : will weak yen be lost opportunity ? <sec> weaker japanese yen boosting equities , exporter profits , investor sentiment .  sony reported first annual profit in five years ; toyota reported $ 9.7b annual profit .  fitch : japan tech will not benefit enough from weaker yen for return to competitiveness .  analyst : japan auto sector challenged by china politics , s. korea , u.s. competitio .
 feds order exxonmobil to improve safety at ruptured montana pipeline <sec> an exxonmobil official says oil detected 25 miles downstream .  but the state says 90 miles and the feds say 240 miles downstream .  montana declares a state of emergency for 7 counties , says exxonmobil is responsible .  company officials remain unclear of the cause of the spill in montana 's yellowstone rive .
 tv icon sex-abuse scandal rocks the bbc <sec> bbc chief calls jimmy savile case `` a very , very grave matter '' .  like american dick clark , savile hosted teen music show for years .  police say they have id 'd more than 200 potential victims .  the bbc 's handling of the child sex abuse scandal is under scrutiny by lawmaker .
 london police : man accepts warning in nigella lawson incident <sec> new : a man accepted a warning related to the alleged incident , london police say .  nigella lawson and her children have moved out of their home , a spokesman says .  lawson 's husband , charles saatchi , denies a report that he attacked her .  sunday people published photos of saatchi 's hand apparently holding lawson 's nec .
 iran on nuke deal : 'we did not agree to dismantle anything ' <sec> cnn exclusive : iranian official says the white house mischaracterizes nuclear deal .  `` you do n't need to overemphasize it , '' foreign minister javad zarif tells cnn .  the nuclear agreement took effect on monday .  it calls for iran to freeze part of its nuclear program in exchange for eased sanction .
 fleeing sudanese fill refugee camps <sec> fighting in two border states has intensified and displaced thousands .  many are arriving at refugee camps where malnutrition and disease are rampant .  a doctors without borders staffer says the charity is addressing an acute emergency .  south sudan became gained independence last jul .
 analysis : uk politics may have to get used to horse trading <sec> no party won a clear majority in british election , resulting in hung parliament .  the uk has not had a hung parliament since 1974 -- and parties are not used to bargaining .  much depends on the liberal democrats and which party it allies itself with .  one result of the current uncertainty is that the uk edges toward a new political syste .
 harry reid : dems wo n't engage in 'obstruction ' <sec> harry reid spoke on the senate floor for the first time since the election .  reid : 'i am ready to work ' with mitch mcconnel .
 fishburne brings thurgood marshall to life onstage <sec> laurence fishburne portrays thurgood marshall in one-man play in washington .  fishburne also played late supreme court justice two years ago on broadway .  show 's creator : `` marshall was a storyteller . .  and that gives us so much to work with '' .  actor calls portrayal -- `` warts and all '' -- one of his greatest acting challenge .
 mercedes hand heidfeld testing role <sec> nick heidfeld joins mercedes as back-up for michael schumacher and nico rosberg .  the german will be reserve driver for the new team and also take on testing role .  the 32-year-old spent the past four years at bmw sauber and has driven in 167 races .  he has had an association with german manufacturer since his early days as a drive .
