 wife fears for safety of detained iranian activist <sec> iranian activist detained at airport as he tried to leave country .  wife says she is deeply concerned for mohammadreza jalaeipour 's safety .  fatemeh shams says she has n't heard from jalaeipour since his arrest .  couple are both activists for pro-moussavi third wave campaig .
 review : 'witcher 2 : assassins of kings ' extends legacy with a deep storyline <sec> the game was recently ported to the xbox 360 to open it up to console audience .  the swordsmanship tree is all about the combat and boosting defenses .  the mature plot is handled very well while not getting bogged down for drama 's sak .
 christie bridge controversy : traffic snarls delayed fort lee ems <sec> fort lee 's ems coordinator says traffic jams delayed response times in medical emergencies .  in one instance , he says , a woman was having a heart attack .  e-mails have surfaced implying that gov . .  chris christie 's appointees orchestrated traffic gridlock .  christie says he was `` misled '' and knew nothing about what transpire .
 family of man trampled to death sues wal-mart <sec> temporary worker jdimytai damour was crushed while he unlocked store 's doors .  wrongful death suit names wal-mart , mall 's owner , manager , security firm .  suit accuses plaintiffs of `` wanton disregard for public safety , '' recklessness .  wal-mart says it will work with authorities to implement stronger safety measure .
 top south african mountain biker killed in road accident <sec> burry stander is hit by a vehicle while on a training ride in south africa .  he was the country 's most successful mountain biker .  he finished fifth in his event at the olympic games in london last year .  stander missed out on a medal by just four second .
 simon and garfunkel reuniting for tour <sec> source : simon and garfunkel to tour asia , australia this summer .  award-winning duo has had ups and downs since early-'70s split .  pair , known for many hits , last toured in 2003 and 200 .
 14th amendment is key to the american experiment <sec> 14th amendment guarantees u.s. citizenship to anyone born on u.s. soil .  cristina rodriguez says that 's been crucial for cohesive , casteless u.s. society .  she argues modifying constitution would not reverse tide of illegal immigratio .
 christie : u.s. 'missing an enormous opportunity ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> new jersey gov . .  chris christie called for authorization of the keystone xl pipeline .  christie 's speech was a high-profile foray into energy policy ahead of a possible 2016 presidential campaign .  he called president barack obama 's lack of approval of the pipeline a missed opportunit .
 syrian presidential adviser denies peaceful protesters targeted <sec> new : u.s. is pleased syria gave the opposition some `` breathing space '' .  more than 1,300 civilians have been killed in the unrest , an activist group says .  adviser : protesters have `` legitimate grievances , '' but there are extremists .  the turkish government says 10,757 syrians have fled across the border .  `` we must change this tyrannical regime , '' a former political prisoner say .
 baltimore protests : 5 key questions <sec> freddie gray 's death has fueled protests in baltimore .  demonstrators accuse police of using too much force and say officers should face charge .
 judge orders chris brown to stay in jail <sec> chris brown got booted from rehab partly for a `` provocative '' statement .  brown wears an orange jail jumpsuit in court on monday .  the singer has been tossed out of rehab twice in the past five months .  brown is on probation for the 2009 attack on rihann .
 14 kickstarter projects we 're excited for in 2014 <sec> it has been a great year of crowdfunded projects on kickstarter .  2014 is already promising to bring plenty of exciting gadgets .  we take a look at some of the best projects that will be vying for your attention in the coming yea .
 facetime with sheikh mohammed bin isa al khalifa <sec> sheikh mohammed bin isa al khalifa steers bahrain 's economic growth .  says bahrain 's strength is its `` human capital '' in the finance sector .  calls on world to unite to resolve nuclear dispute with ira .
 sports attorney : phelps could lose endorsements <sec> michael phelps could lose a lot of sponsor money , attorney says .  newspaper has published photo of olympic swimmer using a bong .  attorney ryan smith would advise phelps to get drug tes .
 source : former mexican police chief is in the u.s . <sec> marisol valles garcia is in the united states , an ice official says .  valles garcia made headlines when she became police chief at just 20 years old .  there are reports that she is seeking asylum in the united states .  her town does not know her whereabout .
 states , metro areas outdo washington <sec> washington has been mired in dysfunction for years , authors say .  they say the good news is local governments are stepping up .  states and localities are finding innovative solutions to problems , they say .  authors : small government units tackling transit , education , econom .
 trash to treasure : turning mt . everest waste into art <sec> a group of 15 artists in nepal turn trash collected from mount everest into art .  the project aims to raise awareness about pollution at everest .  1.5 tons of garbage have been turned into 74 pieces of artwork .  the pieces are on sale , priced from $ 17 to $ 2,40 .
 lightsaber molecule created by scientists <sec> when vader and skywalker whip out lightsabers , the blades look like sticks of light-matter .  light usually wo n't stick together like regular matter , but scientists have made it happen .  the new light-matter acts like it does in the movies , scientists say .  but they have only created subatomic amounts of it , not nearly enough for a lightsabe .
 ex-prosecutor admits he lied about polanski case <sec> david wells admits to cnn 's wolf blitzer that he `` buttered up '' his story .  he said he never expected polanski documentary to be shown in united states .  wells says now he never talked with the judge about the case .  blitzer challenges wells to take a polygraph tes .
 opinion : obama , trayvon , and a path to healing <sec> president obama commented on the case of trayvon martin and george zimmerman .  brazile : obama suggested approaches to moving forward on race relations .  she says that in her youth , dr. king inspired her and others with similar messages .  brazile : we can start by acting more kindly toward those with whom we disagre .
 imam : handling of islamic center plan a matter of national security <sec> new : imam says he is open to considering other locations .  new : feisal abdul rauf says a church 's plans to burn qurans are 'un-christian ' .  new : he says if he had foreseen controversy `` we certainly would never have done this '' .  critics say the center and mosque should not be built close to the world trade center sit .
 porn actor suspected of dismembering acquaintance still on the loose <sec> a torso found in montreal is thought to be linked to a hand and foot mailed to ottawa .  man is suspected of videotaping and posting online the man 's dismemberment .  a package bearing a severed foot arrived at a political party 's headquarters .  `` it was n't a random attack , '' a police spokesman says . .  `` they knew each other . .
 man pleads not guilty in death of deployed marine 's wife <sec> marine sergeant pleads not guilty in woman 's death .  authorities have said he was with brittany killgore when she was last seen alive .  killgore 's body was found in a rural area ; authorities have n't said how she die .
 u.s. man detained by river that borders north korea <sec> new : u.s. embassy says it 's aware of reports the man was trying to swim to north korea .  a south korean official says not immediately clear if the man was attempting to cross the border .  he was caught on the bank of the han river where it divides the two korea .
 will the 2008 usa election be won on facebook ? <sec> politicians harness internet social networking sites to target youth .  web-savvy candidates create their own online profiles .  internet helps activists cross political boundaries .  but only time will tell if virtual friends will cast real vote .
 ntsb : railroad bridge that collapsed was inspected in november <sec> ntsb chairwoman said bridge is inspected for structural problems twice a year .  investigators still waiting for all clear to go on site .  train derailment led to one car being punctured , releasing hazardous fumes .  accident occurred after engineer could n't get green signal to cross bridge , got ok from dispatche .
 glenn beck : hillary clinton 'will be the next president ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> glenn beck , conservative media host , thinks hillary clinton `` will be the next president '' .  `` she is going to win , '' beck said with confidence .  he argued clinton can convince americans she will take the country back to bill clinton 's administration .  republicans are too focused on reagan , beck said , and will be unable to overcome clinton 's messag .
 from minnesota to ethiopia : u.s. soccer star fuad ibrahim eyes africa cup of nations chance <sec> this weekend sees the start of the 2013 africa cup of nations in south africa .  former winners ethiopia have qualified for their first afcon in 31 years .  in the squad is former u.s. under-20 international fuad ibrahim .  the 21-year-old raised in minnesota before being picked up by ethiopi .
 an 'up ' note to cannes opening : pixar goes 10 for 10 <sec> `` up , '' new film from pixar , opens cannes film festival .  critics widely praise animated film -- the usual reaction to pixar movies .  why the opener ? .  `` it 's a wonderful story , it 's a terrific film , '' critic kenneth turan say .
 vongfong pelts okinawa with rain , waves <sec> vongfong pours intense rain on okinawa .  winds weaken , but warnings still remain for southern japan .  it 's expected to make landfall on the mainland sometime sunday or monda .
 mystery blond girl found in greece prompts search for parents <sec> new : state news : woman had 10 registered children in 2 locations ; man had 4 others .  a blonde , blue-eyed girl was found living with a roma couple she does not resemble .  dna testing proved she was not their child , police say , and she 's now in the care of a charity .  the couple posing as her parents have been arrested on suspicion of abducting a mino .
 benghazi led to ukraine ? only in an election year <sec> foreign policy issues such as ukraine prompt tough election-year rhetoric .  analyst : `` republicans attack and democrats sound defensive '' .  despite the point-scoring , both parties generally back the same approach .  gop hawks use any issue to argue for halting or reversing cuts to defense spendin .
 china freezes nuclear plant approvals <sec> china will revise safety standards for new nuclear plants .  china 's 6 nuclear power plants are safe , the government say .
 how the secret service could beef up white house security <sec> secret service under criticism after an armed man was able to enter north portico doors .  new security measures are being considered in wake of the breach .  one measure could be increasing the number of agents patrolling the grounds .  another one would be the installation of more security cameras outside the gate .
 jon stewart made us more muslim ( opinion ) <sec> aasif mandvi , dean obeidallah : jon stewart made us more connected to our faith .  getting hateful comments about islam made mandvi want to fight ignorance and bigotry .  mandvi , obeidallah : the connection was more to our culture rather than religion .  they use humor and irony to help people understand what it means to be a musli .
 two stadiums miss brazil 's confederations cup deadline <sec> two stadiums scheduled to host confederations cup matches in june miss fifa deadline .  organizers for arenas in brasilia and rio de janeiro say their venues will open this month .  fifa deadline of 15 april comes exactly two months before confederations cup begin .
 in syria 's kobani , kurds fight isis amid devastation <sec> weeks of fighting between kurds and isis have devastated the kurdish city of kobani .  some people remain but food and fuel are scarce and mortars rain down .  female kurdish fighters are among those battling isis in the shell-blasted streets .  `` i lost a lot of friends in this war and i resist to avenge their death , '' says one fighte .
 claas relotius wins cnn journalist award for convict carers coverage <sec> claas relotius wins cnn journalist of the year and best print awards .  report on u.s. inmates learning new skills in order to care for older convicts facing dementia .  cnn host german journalism awards in munich thursday nigh .
 china mourns death of ex-leader 's wife , communist stalwart <sec> chinese community party calls her `` time-honored loyal communist fighter '' .  zhuo lin , wife of deng xiaoping , died july 29 at the age of 93 .  child says mother , father `` shared political ideals and life pursuits '' .  news agency : zhuo wanted her ashes spread at sea , just as deng 's wer .
 cnn poll : majority of americans alarmed by isis - cnnpolitics.com <sec> 7 in 10 poll respondents think isis can attack the united states .  three-quarters responding to cnn/orc poll support airstrikes against isis .  a similar number of people thinks obama should get congress ' approva .
 opinion : california mulls letting noncitizens serve on juries <sec> a bill passed by calif. assembly would let noncitizens serve on juries .  ruben navarrette says it 's a mistake to weaken the meaning of citizenship .  if people want to integrate immigrants into community , help them become citizens , he says .  navarrette : california helps hunt down undocumented while also extending benefit .
 obama wants another $ 83 billion for iraq , afghanistan <sec> new : about $ 9.8 billion would pay for body armor and protective vehicles .  new : more than $ 2 billion would go to aid for afghanistan , pakistan and iraq .  new : democratic lawmaker says funds would prolong u.s. occupation of iraq .  funds would bring tab for iraq and afghanistan wars to $ 947 billio .
 huge water main bursts , floods neighborhoods in maryland city <sec> new : residents say water has damaged vehicles , homes and left sewage smell .  72-inch main shut down after about two hours , county official says .  cnn affiliate video shows collapsed roadway , massive amounts of water .  nearly 1,000 were without power , according to baltimore gas and electri .
 american ebola patient 's wife praying for recovery <sec> dr. rick sacra 's wife debbie says she is `` praying fervently '' for his recovery .  nancy writebol speaks for the first time publicly after surviving ebola .  `` she is the best part of my life , '' husband david writebol say .
 u.s. has 'evidence that russia is firing ' into ukraine <sec> the ukrainian prime minister and his cabinet resign but remain in place until elections .  more than 400 people have died in eastern ukraine fighting , government says .  planes carrying the remains of as many as 74 people land in eindhoven .  a rebel leader raises new uncertainty about how flight 17 was shot dow .
 mubarak 's refusal to step down enrages protesters <sec> more demonstrations are expected friday .  president obama says mubarak 's speech falls short of what is needed .  protesters rally in tahrir square , near presidential palace and outside state tv building .  mubarak delegates powers to the vice presiden .
 bloomberg pac highlights gun control in conn . <sec> former new york city mayor michael bloomberg is making ad buys . .  his group , independence usa pac promotes pro-gun control candidates .  democratic connecticut gov . .  dan malloy has supported expanding background checks .  his opponent , republican tom foley , has called his gun control moves `` grandstanding .
 pkk 's decades of violent struggle <sec> pkk militants engaged in violent struggle against turkish state since 1980s .  group calls for establishment of an autonomous kurdish homeland .  estimated to have killed more than 30,000 in attacks on turkish forces , civilians .  turkey accuses pkk of attacking turkish targets from bases in northern ira .
 coroner : colorado gunman killed himself <sec> new : murray railed against church founder rev . .  ted haggard in online posts .  shooter who killed four on sunday also killed himself , coroner says .  gunman matthew murray died after shootout with volunteer security guard .  coroner says murray was shot multiple times by security guar .
 qatari capital doha to host 2019 world athletic championships <sec> doha selected to host 2019 world athletics championships .  qatari capital beats off competition from u.s. and spain .  two most recent olympics host , beijing and london set to stage event in 2015 and 2017 .  middle eastern country also set to host fifa world cup in 202 .
 gun show organizer found not guilty in boy 's uzi death <sec> edward fleury is acquitted of involuntary manslaughter .  he had been charged after a boy accidentally shot himself during a gun show .  fleury helped organize the event .  he is also acquitted of three counts of furnishing a machine gun to a mino .
 corinthian : for-profit college a real rip-off ( opinion ) <sec> whitney barkley : government is at last making for-profit colleges accountable .  barkley : corinthian colleges must shut down after inflated job rates , low graduation rates .  barkley : for-profit colleges charge sky-high tuition without getting students ready for jobs .  she says for-profits target and rip off minorities , females , veterans , blue-collar student .
 murray to face federer in masters final <sec> andy murray will face roger federer in sunday 's shanghai masters final .  scot beat juan monaco 6-4 6-1 ; federer defeated novak djokovic 7-5 6-4 in semi-finals .  final is a rematch of previous masters tournament in toronto which murray wo .
 good health : the best birthday present <sec> rae timme biked 29 miles to work the day before her 58th birthday .  timme is training to do her first triathlon with the cnn fit nation team .  `` i no longer use my age as an excuse , because it is anything but that , '' timme say .
 mobile phone : weapon against global poverty <sec> affordable mobile phone access has caused a quantum leap for the world 's poor .  from 2005 to 2010 , cell phone use tripled in the developing world to 4 billion subscriptions .  in kenya , mobile phone banking services are used to make $ 1 billion transactions a month .  economist : `` the cell phone is the single most transformative technology for development .
 cnn student news transcript : june 1 , 2009 <sec> take a drive back in time as another american icon 's wheels come off .  plug into the reasons why president obama has cybersecurity concerns .  step onto the campus of a school that 's a model of sustainabilit .
 why google loves 'the internship ' <sec> google provides the setting for the new movie comedy , `` the internship '' .  the company did n't pay to be in the movie , but it did get a say in how it was depicted .  the movie includes references to google 's self-driving cars but not google glass .  co-founder larry page thinks the movie will help with computer science 's marketing proble .
 bono praises mccain , obama and americans <sec> bono says he 's `` punching the air '' after plan to eradicate malaria won funding .  global activist says you can change the world with $ 25 billion investment .  campaigning is `` most inspiring '' work , but pop star also still loves playing with ban .
 google doodle honors jules verne <sec> jules verne was one of the pioneers of the science fiction literary genre .  writer gave us `` twenty thousand leagues under the sea '' .  google doodle lets you submerge a submarine deep below the water 's surfac .
 5 hideaways that are n't the hamptons <sec> try these spots if you want to skip the see-and-be-seen feel of the hamptons .  attend a horse race in saratoga springs , new york .  get out on the water in the finger lakes region or lake george .  wine and dine your way through the hudson river valle .
 japan vows to resume aerial , ground efforts to avert nuclear crisis <sec> new : efforts will resume friday afternoon to spray water on unit 3 's fuel pool , edano says .  new : authorities are also considering spraying on unit 1 , though that situation is less dire .  new : kyodo news reports temperatures are up at units 5 and 6 , but no imminent danger .  one emergency generator for 2 units is running , with another power supply in the work .
 this week on marketplace middle east <sec> as the dubai airshow comes to an end , mme speaks to the aviation 's deal makers .  rising fuel costs are affecting commercial airlines . .  yet , the defense sector continues to thrive .  mme takes a look at arms spending in the middle eas .
 new york ag : we 've busted prostitution ring , freed two trafficking victims <sec> new york attorney general says alleged operation in manhattan is broken up .  official says ring `` made millions of dollars by profiting off the exploitation of women '' .  the agency is called somad enterprises ; the firm could not be reached for comment .  fifteen suspects arrested ; authorities are searching for four mor .
 ice shelf collapse : what does it mean ? <sec> biologist says polar animals are incredibly sensitive to temperature changes .  expert : changes `` should be taken as warning of what may be coming elsewhere '' .  the temperature in the western antarctic is up .9 degree fahrenheit .  krill may be among the first animals to have to adapt to warming temperature .
