 strip-searched indian diplomat 's attorney : u.s. was 'muscle-flexing ' <sec> housekeeper 's attorney says diplomat 's attorney 's `` story keeps changing '' .  diplomat 's attorney accuses u.s. authorities of `` trying to humiliate '' .  india 's external affairs minister plans to talk to john kerry on thursday .  prosecutors say diplomat lied to authorities about working conditions of her housekeepe .
 obama rips republicans for 'obstruction ' <sec> new : `` to do nothing '' not right response to the massachusetts senate race , says obama .  president says gop opposition on issues politically-motivated .  obama promises to call out gop `` when ( democrats ) extend a hand and get a fist in return '' .  gop 's increased use of filibuster during the past year criticized by obam .
 palestinians blame israel for prisoner 's death <sec> arafat jaradat had been detained for five days when he died .  palestinian president says israelis killed him .  israeli officials say he had previous injuries , call for calm .  u.n. calls for transparent investigation into deat .
 c.y . leung : hong kong 's unloved leader <sec> c.y . .  leung was relatively unknown before taking hong kong 's top job in 2012 .  chief executive portrays himself as a man of people but does not enjoy popular support .  many in the city believe he is beijing 's lackey .  protester leaders have demanded that he resign -- a demand as yet unheede .
 chelsea 's anelka to join chinese club <sec> english premier league side chelsea confirm nicolas anelka will move to china .  shanghai shenhua earlier claimed to have signed frenchman on a two-year deal .  images of the 32-year-old were splashed across the shanghai team 's official website .  the striker has rarely featured for chelsea this season under manager andre villas-boa .
 study : army morale down in afghanistan , up in iraq <sec> report summarizes 2 surveys of soldiers in iraq and afghanistan taken this year .  results attributed to increased fighting in afghanistan , less in iraq .  army hopes to increase number of mental health providers in the fiel .
 landmark eu deal brings ukraine closer to west <sec> new : separatist leader says rebels will not agree to disarm in return for amnesty .  accord between ukrainian , european parliaments will bring closer political , economic ties .  ukraine 's lawmakers also approve `` special status '' law for rebel-held areas in the east .  amnesty will not apply to those suspected of shooting down malaysia airlines flight 1 .
 russian athletes issue angry denial of 'gay kiss ' protest <sec> russian athletes deny their 'kiss ' was a symbol of gay defiance .  kseniya ryzhova and yulia gushchina caught on camera on victory podium .  two athletes part of russia 's women 's 4x400m relay gold medal team .  russia has invoked strict new law concerning gay propaganda for minor .
 officials weigh-up agassi admission <sec> tennis governing bodies to consider andre agassi 's doping revelations .  atp say an independent panel would consider the issue .  wada can not take action under eight-year statute of limitation .
 actor andy griffith dead at 86 <sec> new : president obama mourns loss of `` a performer of extraordinary talent '' .  actor andy griffith died after an unspecified illness , his family said in a statement .  he `` has been laid to rest on his beloved roanoake island , '' the family said .  he is best known for his portrayal of sheriff andy taylor on `` the andy griffith show .
 wiggins on the brink of tour de france title after winning 19th stage <sec> bradley wiggins on the brink of claiming britain 's first win in tour de france .  sky team rider wins penultimate stage of race to extend lead over nearest rivals .  barring disaster , 32-year-old will be crowned champion in paris on sunda .
 haiti shipwreck claims at least 21 lives , official says <sec> a small boat carrying about 50 migrants left from the area of le borgne , west of cap-haitien wednesday .  it got caught in bad weather on its way to turks and caico .
 11 wildlife experiences that could vanish in your lifetime <sec> you can swim alongside rare whale sharks in the philippines .  african wildebeest among great migrating animals under threat .  gorillas can still be seen in congo -- for no .
 military plane crashes in southern california <sec> new : fire is put out more than three hours after the crash .  the three people aboard escaped with minor injuries , kabc reports .  the boeing 707 went down near the beach , spewing large plumes of black smoke .  the plane is operated by omega air refuelin .
 star witness in zimbabwe terror trial threatened with impeachment <sec> attorney general tells court that prosecution wants to impeach star witness .  micheal peter hitschmann cast doubt on some of the prosecution 's evidence during his testimony .  zimbabwe politician roy bennett is on trial for terrorism , banditry and insurgency .  bennett denies the charges , which his party alleges are politically motivate .
 u.s. defense officials : north korean threats are 'bellicose rhetoric ' <sec> new : beijing is `` likely to try to calm things down , '' sweden 's foreign minister says .  south takes `` seriously '' north 's threat to jeopardize joint kaesong economic zone .  the pentagon says north korean threats follow a familiar pattern .  north korea threatens `` all-out war and nuclear war '' on its enemies , state news report .
 stars miss the cut , tiger woods shares lead at u.s. open <sec> tiger woods is tied for the lead at the u.s. open after two rounds .  defending champion rory mcilroy and masters winner bubba watson miss the cut .  five-time u.s. open runner-up phil mickelson barely makes it to third round .  record-breaking teen also fails to make the weekend round .
 chen kaige : capturing the best and worst of times <sec> chinese director chen kaige found international fame with 'farewell my concubine ' .  made a brief foray into filmmaking in hollywood before returning to china .  personal experience during cultural revolution had large impac .
 commentary : 'educate a woman , create a nation ' <sec> dina powell : as we mark women 's month , there are encouraging signs .  both parties in the u.s. are taking steps to invest in the role of women , she says .  she says studies show that more education decreases infant mortality .  investing in women 's education leads to increases in economic growth , she say .
 death toll from bus station attack in kenya rises to 6 <sec> new : at least 68 others are injured .  new : police suspect al-shabaab or sympathizers of al-shabaab .  grenade attacks have rocked nairobi in recent month .
 discover untamed texas in caprock canyons <sec> caprock canyons is the centerpiece of a 15,000-acre state park .  view the official texas bison herd from platforms near the visitors center .  explore the scenic canyon on foot , by bike , on horseback or by ca .
 witness alleges she was abused by suspect in trayvon martin killing <sec> `` witness 9 '' accuses george zimmerman of sexual abuse years ago .  `` he was bigger and stronger and older , '' she says .  the accuser has not been identified publicly .  zimmerman 's lawyer calls the claim `` not relevant '' to martin cas .
 afghan president calls for meeting on rape victim 's case <sec> afghanistan 's president calls high-level judiciary meeting to discuss rape victim 's case .  a petition calling for clemency for the woman prompted the meeting , a spokesman say .
 minnesota tests lottery-ticket purchases at the pump <sec> minnesota lottery allows drivers to purchase tickets at the gas pump .  after purchase , lottery numbers are texted to players ' cell phones .  lottery officials impose $ 50-a-week limit to discourage overspendin .
 michelle yeoh : balance , beauty and butt-kicking <sec> trained dancer turned to acting after injury at college .  performs her own stunts and has pioneered stronger female roles in asian films .  international recognition came as a bond girl and `` crouching tiger , hidden dragon .
 prince william , catherine paint with kids in skid row art program <sec> new : william tells california `` how grateful we are '' for the warm welcome .  `` that 's amazing , '' catherine tells young artists on skid row .  they met with military veterans at a job fair sunday afternoon .  california visit was a mixture of commerce and charit .
 people power in the people 's republic of china <sec> a civil society is forming under single-party rule in china .  widespread use of social media means china 's civil society is more connected and better resourced than before .  beijing is aware of growing strength of the country 's civil society and is taking action to rein it i .
 peter king thanks staten island grand jury for verdict - cnnpolitics.com <sec> new york rep. peter king , a republican , praised the state island grand jury 's decision on wednesday .  king says there 's no way the officer who placed eric garner in a chokehold could have known it would kill hi .
 contemporary eco-village bucks housing crash <sec> serenbe founded on principles of farm-to-table cooking , green building techniques .  rural georgia community 's developers say they 're still growing .  high-tech eco-village is surrounded by oak and pine forest .  homes , galleries , boutiques , restaurants all part of communit .
 kim jong il 's sushi chef returns after fleeing for life <sec> fujimoto has written a number of books about the kim family since leaving n. korea .  during visit , fujimoto meets kim jong un and his wife .  fujimoto says kim gave him a free pass to visit n. korea whenever he want .
 study : teens on myspace mention sex , violence <sec> study : 54 percent of myspace profiles of 18-year-olds mentioned risky behaviors .  authors looked at 500 randomly chosen web profiles from u.s. teens .  many teens took down content or made profiles private after e-mail warning .  experts : parents should know what their children are doing onlin .
 former editors of opposition bahraini newspaper to face prosecutor <sec> ex-editor al-jamri : `` i have been subjected to a smear and unfair media campaign '' .  he and two other former editors will go to the public prosecutor 's office monday .  al-wasat is accused of `` deliberate news fabrication '' during bahrain 's unrest .  the government has tried to crack down on protest .
 can obama use hollywood 's soft power ? <sec> timothy stanley : obama has done some big hollywood fundraising in recent days .  he says hollywood cooled to obama since its 2008 support .  he says hollywood brings big money , cultural power and is more proactive in pushing ideas .  stanley : obama playing culture war card now in part to stay on right side of moviemaker .
 northern ireland 's dup lawmaker ian paisley dies <sec> new : david cameron : ian paisley later on made a huge contribution to political stability .  first minister : ian paisley was one of the largest political figures in northern ireland .  irish pm : while he was a divisive figure , his greatest legacy will be one of peace .  paisley was a key figure in ending three decades of conflict in northern irelan .
 hong kong on high alert after first human case of h7n9 bird flu <sec> indonesian domestic helper in critical condition after contracting hong kong 's first human case of h7n9 avian flu .  the woman had recently travelled to mainland china and slaughtered a live chicken .  hong kong had raised its level of preparedness for an influenza pandemic to `` serious '' .  human infections from the h7n9 strain of bird flu first emerged in shanghai in march this yea .
 fancy sampling andy murray 's silver service ? <sec> andy murray set to defend his wimbledon title .  murray has bought and renovated scottish hotel .  comes with its own loch and tennis courts .  hotel has 15 rooms and a gate lodg .
 a correspondent 's take on johannesburg <sec> cnn correspondent robyn curnow shares tips about her hometown of johannesburg .  it 's a misconception that `` it is a dangerous , scary place , '' curnow says .  try spicy sausages , or `` boerewors , '' for a real taste of south afric .
 wounded giffords urges senators to act now against gun violence <sec> new : sources : senators from both parties discuss a bill on background checks .  senators and witnesses tangle over politics and ideology .  a senate committee holds the first hearing on gun violence since the sandy hook massacre .  gun owners wo n't accept new restrictions or blame for crime , nra official say .
 9 wounded in latest knife attack in china <sec> about five to six men armed with knives and cleavers wound nine students .  attack in southern china is latest of several attacks by assailants with knives or cleavers .  one student had his hand cut off , while eight others suffered various injurie .
 flood threat on east , gulf coasts set to grow ( opinion ) <sec> global sea levels rose about 8 inches from 1880 to 2009 , says science group .  melanie fitzpatrick , erika spanger-siegfried : it 's accelerating along east coast .  by 2045 , nine locations can expect tidal floods 240 times or more per year , they writ .
 scores dead as ethiopian forces clash with militants in somalia <sec> al-shabaab fighters ambush ethiopian forces .  a somali commander says 86 militants are dead .  al-shabaab says 73 soldiers died .  in recent weeks , the militants have lost control of some southern somali town .
 bus accident kills 2 , injures 42 in new jersey <sec> 42 people are taken to the hospital .  five people are in a local hospital 's trauma unit .  the driver was ejected through the front window .  the bus was traveling from new york 's chinatown to philadelphi .
 fists swinging , ohio woman comes to cop 's rescue <sec> angela pierce was driving by when she saw a dayton police officer and suspect scuffling .  she got out of the car , helping out the officer by repeatedly pounding on the suspect 's head .  pierce says , `` i did n't even think about what he could have done to me .
 tumblr becomes platform for occupy wall street debate <sec> `` we are the 99 percent '' blog gains popularity on tumblr .  people post messages about economic hardship on the site .  a rival , conservative site called `` we are the 53 % '' launched .  that tumblr page says it represents americans who pay federal income taxe .
 commentary : obama faces school test <sec> u.s. president-elect barack obama takes office in washington in january .  much debate about whether obama 's daughters will attend public or private school .  where parents decide to send children often indicates their views on education .  michelle obama : this is a personal process , we ask that people respect tha .
 supreme court faces new reality on marriage equality <sec> jeffrey toobin : scotus to decide same-sex marriage as u.s. largely in favor . .  did framers intend this ? .  that does n't always matter .  he says originalists on the court may hew to conservative view , but most of the justices have given clues that they see writing on wal .
 markey calls for bp to prove claim of no underwater oil plume <sec> rep. edward markey calls for bp to prove claim of no underwater oil plumes .  markey also says bp must provide more information on the gulf of mexico oil spill .  markey is head of the house energy and environment subcommittee .  bp ceo tony hayward said sunday all the spilled oil was rising to the surfac .
 from miserable man to 'ultraman ' : a fitness journey <sec> rich roll : approaching 40 , `` i was in the worst shape of my life '' .  two years later , he was the most fit he 'd ever been .  this year , men 's fitness named roll one of the `` 25 fittest guys in the world '' .  to become fit , set a specific goal , be consistent and take it one day at a time , he say .
 champions league winner di matteo sacked by chelsea <sec> chelsea face struggle to qualify for knockout stages of champions league .  the club thanked di matteo for his `` huge contribution '' .  chelsea say they will soon make an announcement about a new manager .  the club are now looking for ninth different manager under owner roman abramovic .
 commentary : fist bumps , handshakes and the flu <sec> david givens : h1n1 flu is prompting focus on how we greet each other .  he says handshakes create risk of spreading the flu virus .  fist bumps are a less risky way of greeting people .  givens : obamas and dalai lama have popularized the fist bum .
 bloomers to bikinis : bathing suits through history <sec> the average american woman owns four bathing suits .  there were 30 square inches in one of the first bikinis .  the swimwear industry estimates $ 17.6 billion in revenue for 201 .
 amazon picks the 100 best books of 2014 <sec> celeste ng 's `` everything i never told you '' tops amazon 's 2014 best books list .  other titles include stephen king 's `` revival , '' david mitchell 's `` bone clocks '' .  amazon 's sara nelson : we try to keep business out of i .
 gen. allen on familiar ground battling isis <sec> retired gen. john allen was commander of american forces in afghanistan .  allen developed a security plan for israel , west bank during israeli-palestinian negotiations .  ex-marine caught up in david petraeus scandal , but defense department cleared hi .
 opinion : hepatitis drugs save money in long run <sec> john castellani : new drugs give hope to 3 million americans with hepatitis c .  he says breakthrough similar to what retroviral drugs did for hiv/aids patients .  castellani : critics say drugs ' high price will raise health care costs , but that 's short-term .  he says drug will make costly health care interventions , like liver transplants , unnecessar .
 china disputes reports of self-immolations by tibetans <sec> overseas groups have reported that three tibetans set fire to themselves in china .  local chinese officials tell a state-run newspaper that the self-immolations did n't happen .  the chinese authorities ' accounts have regularly differed with those of advocacy groups .  the reports come after a clampdown by chinese security forces in the regio .
 solar eclipse excitement sweeps asia <sec> nasa says it will be `` exceptionally long '' total solar eclipse ; will cross half the planet .  mit astronomer says it could be seen by more people than any other eclipse .  the path of the total eclipse will stretch across the heart of asia .  some watching events include a cruise , plane trip and a music festiva .
 zardari defends pakistan 's stance toward terror <sec> zardari defends pakistan in a washington post op-ed .  he claims `` early assistance '' helped lead to bin laden 's courier .  zardari says there have been years of cooperatio .
 will strange aussie tradition end black caviar 's winning streak ? <sec> can australian race horse black caviar extend unblemished winning streak to 25 ? .  will race in sydney 's tj stakes this saturday , in clockwise direction .  will be only the fourth time melbourne mare has run in clockwise direction .  future career depends on performance , owners contemplate britain 's royal asco .
 cub scout 's humble salute shared by thousands <sec> photo of cub scout saluting funeral procession goes viral on facebook ; over 68,000 shares .  lane snow , 9 , salutes funeral procession of virginia state police trooper andrew fox .  fox , 27 , was killed while directing traffic at the state fair in early octobe .
 canadian folk singer died doing something she loved , mother says <sec> taylor mitchell was a `` seasoned naturalist '' versed in wilderness camping , mother says .  she would n't want coyotes responsible for her death to be killed , emily mitchell says .  mitchell earned respect of folk music community for talent that belied her age , producer says .  the toronto-based musician was touring eastern canada when she died in coyote attac .
 even youngest fans gather for jackson tribute <sec> children among thousands in los angeles saying goodbye to pop star .  jackson , who died june 25 at age 50 , had been entertaining since he was little .  toddlers in fans ' arms , kids in jackson t-shirts gather at staples center and beyond .  fans , some of whom who 'd traveled far , recall jackson 's effect on their live .
 christiana figueres on backyard inventors : environmental 'game changers ? ' <sec> christiana figueres , un climate change leader , gives her vision of the future .  celebrates the small ideas which have potential to be green 'game-changers ' .  opinion comes ahead of 2014 climate change conference in lima , peru .  praises thai woman who built multimillion dollar solar panel busines .
 florida lawmaker wants teachers to grade parents <sec> state lawmaker kelli stargel has proposed a bill calling for parents to be graded .  parents of kids in kindergarten through third grade would be graded by teachers .  the criteria would include making sure their kids are on time and do their homework .  the bill is getting mixed reviews from parents and teacher .
 germanwings co-pilot andreas lubitz reported depression <sec> andreas lubitz had informed his lufthansa training school of an episode of severe depression , airline says .  a police spokesman say reports about video found in germanwings wreckage are `` completely wrong '' .  journalists at bild and paris match are `` very confident '' the video clip is real , an editor say .
