 joy behar on palin : 'she shows herself to be shallow ' <sec> `` the view , '' co-hosted by joy behar , named to time 100 most influential list .  behar : miss california usa has `` great career '' ahead of her .  behar calls john edwards `` a dog '' for his infidelity .  behar says whoever runs against sarah palin would be `` slam dunk .
 it 's not all over for romney <sec> tim stanley : mitt romney 's secretly taped remarks hurt his cause but are n't fatal .  he says romney may find , like other politicians , that gaffes often do n't stick .  polls in recent days show the race remains close , stanley says .  stanley : voters remain focused mostly on the economy , and that could be a romney strengt .
 why people share murder , rape on facebook <sec> crimes , both minor and major , get confessed on social media surprisingly often .  a miami man allegedly killed his wife and posted a photo of her body on facebook .  experts say some criminals have always boasted of their crimes .  social sites , they say , make it easier to forget consequence .
 haiti earthquake five years later <sec> thomas streit : locals key to haiti earthquake recovery .  200,000 died in massive earthquake that struck 5 years ag .
 search called off after plane crash deemed false <sec> emergency crews call off search for c-17 transport plane .  initial air force reports of a crash were incorrect , air force spokesman says .  police reported that callers said a plane was flying low to ground , then crashe .
 jury selection starts in bulger trial <sec> `` whitey '' bulger faces racketeering charges and 19 murder counts .  he was arrested in 2011 after 16 years on the run .  the reputed boston mob boss had been an fbi informant for year .
 u.n. team inspects site of reported syrian massacre <sec> new : at least 73 people are killed across syria on saturday , opposition activists say .  u.n. monitors arrive in tremseh and find evidence of an attack .  an opposition group says more than 200 people were killed there thursday .  the syrian government blames the tremseh incident on armed terrorist group .
 houston elects first openly gay mayor <sec> annise parker elected mayor of houston , becomes first lesbian to lead a major u.s. city .  parker , who served five years as city controller , won with nearly 54 percent of vote .  conservatives , anti-gay activists had launched intense campaign against parke .
 georgia gov . nathan deal aims to avoid repeat of snowy nightmare <sec> georgia gov . .  nathan deal names `` severe weather warning and preparedness task force '' .  georgia is making immediate changes in technology for storm response .  the public was infuriated by the government 's slow response .  thousands of students were stranded in school by january 28 stor .
 draft resolution calls for al-assad to step down <sec> draft resolution calls on al-assad to step down , transfer power to vice president .  it also calls for formation of a national unity government .  draft gives syria 15 days to comply or risk further measure .
 sea sickness and shark diving <sec> cnn.com 's jarrett bellini is traveling in south africa .  readers chose his destination and can share their travel suggestions .  bellini will provide updates from south africa on cnn.com and cnn.com liv .
 potty school really gets 'em going <sec> most children show they 're ready to potty train between 18 and 24 months .  mom resorted to hospital 's potty school when daughter was in diapers at 4½ .  six-week program uses creative methods to get kids comfortable with a toilet .  toilet training process can take more than a year , or longer for some kid .
 obama , putin come face-to-face in france at d-day anniversary lunch <sec> barack obama and vladimir putin speak on the sidelines of a d-day lunch .  russia 's putin and ukraine 's petro poroshenko shake hands , talk briefly .  french president hollande dined with obama on thursday before a separate dinner with putin .  obama said he would reiterate comments on ukraine if he and putin me .
 alaska 's write-in ballot count to begin wednesday despite challenge <sec> miller campaign challenges election rules .  elections official says write-in vote count will start wednesday .  incumbent sen. lisa murkowski is believed to have won nearly all of the write-in vote .
 falkland islanders vote to stay british <sec> new : more than 99 % of voters said they want the falkland islands to remain a territory .  new : turnout was 92 % ; `` speaks for itself , '' says an island official .  argentina , which knows the islands as las malvinas , disputes british sovereignty .  britain and argentina went to war over the south atlantic territory in 198 .
 nsa spying on americans : congress can limit ( opinion ) <sec> usa freedom act before the senate would limit nsa surveillance .  arjun sethi : bill does n't change ability of nsa to gather incidental records on americans .  sethi : global dragnet surveillance includes americans with no reason .  still , he says , senate bill limits ability for government to search database for americans ' name .
 singer chaka khan on 'god shots ' <sec> music legend chaka khan opens up during a cnn red chair interview .  she says many people have named their `` best friend '' after her .  chaka calls special moments in her life `` god shots '' .  she raises money to help children who share her nephew 's diseas .
 amir khan : fighting stereotypes <sec> amir khan is a british boxer and wba world light welterweight champion .  khan beat american boxer pauli malignaggi in first fight in the u.s. in may .  born and raised in bolton , a town in northwest england ; still lives with family .  devout muslim , he is proud of his family heritage and status as role mode .
 pushing button : could f1 star jenson go pro in triathlon ? <sec> mclaren driver seeks fitness expertise from advanced sports lab .  gsk human performance lab helping unravel secrets of elite performance .  mclaren driver tests fitness against pro triathletes the brownlee brothers .  button has some of quickest reactions ever shown at london-based la .
 why women need a 'mommy 's salary ' <sec> wendy luhabe is a prominent social entrepreneur and thought leader .  she says women giving up careers to look after their children should be paid .  luhabe says the work of women at home is undervalue .
 pop art protection : how these condoms could save countless lives <sec> kenyan youth face social stigmas purchasing condoms , according to the center for african family studies in nairobi .  the ngo has launched a crowdfunding campaign to start a line of pop art condoms .  they say putting art on packaging disguises condoms and encourages safe se .
 british open : 'majors are getting harder to win , ' says tiger woods <sec> tiger woods preparing for his first major championship in nearly a year .  the 14-time major champion returns to scene of his 2006 british open triumph .  world no . .  7 recently returned to action after a four-month layoff with a back injury .  woods admits major titles are getting harder to win due to deeper field .
 injured sharapova misses brisbane event <sec> maria sharapova has pulled out of january 's brisbane international tournament .  three-time major winner sharapova is suffering from an ankle injury .  the russian expects to be fit for the australian open which she won in 200 .
 bronx zoo cobra that went missing is named mia <sec> the snake was named mia after vote sponsored by bronx zoo and newspaper , officials say .  the egyptian cobra captured public imagination when it escaped last month .  visitors to bronx zoo can see mia on saturday , zoo say .
 country star lends voice to 'rett 's angels ' <sec> singer-songwriter clint black lost his niece to rett syndrome .  rett 's is a rare disorder on the far end of the autism spectrum .  rett 's affects mostly girls and leaves them incapable of communicating .  black has made it his mission to help find a cur .
 ending pandemics : how close are we ? <sec> larry brilliant has been fighting outbreaks for more than 30 years .  he says early detection , early response and better cooperation are keys to ending pandemics .  `` we have to isolate them locally and put them in jail , '' he say .
 american music awards : 8 stars who stole the show <sec> the 2014 american music awards were held sunday .  there was lots of love for international artists like one direction .  stars like taylor swift , j . .  lo and selena gomez also stood ou .
 chiquita finding bittersweet for families of men killed in colombia <sec> judge dismisses company 's attempt to dismiss widows ' damage suit .  chiquita admitted making payments to colombian rebels .  `` they 're like a household name . .  ... .  it 's just horrible to think about , '' widow say .
 china 's lunar new year gala goes global <sec> china wants its annual lunar new year gala to go global . .  it has made deals with youtube , facebook , twitter and google . .  gala organizers say 700 million viewers tuned into the show last year .
 stephen gallacher makes history in dubai as rory mcilroy misses out <sec> stephen gallacher wins dubai desert classic for second year in a row .  first successful defense in 25-year history of the tournament .  rory mcilroy stumbles to a two-over 74 to tie for ninth .  new : kevin stadler wins phoenix open from bubba watso .
 sources : student killed danvers teacher coleen ritzer with box cutter <sec> colleen ritzer asked chism , who 'd been doodling , to stay after a class , student says .  the student saw the two sitting a few feet apart in the classroom , after school .  source : ritzer was punched before being killed with box cutter in bathroom .  her body was put in a recycling bin , then tossed in nearby wood .
 justices poised to tackle right of same-sex marriage <sec> public debate over same-sex marriage returns to the supreme court .  justices to meet to consider appeals from gays , lesbians in five states .  same-sex marriage laws are decided by states , resulting in legal patchwork across u.s .
 china needs the u.s. ( opinion ) <sec> talk of the end of a u.s. era premature , says kerry brown .  brown : despite rhetoric , u.s. and china generally agree .  china entering tough period of transition , he say .
 resupplied cruise ship is being towed to san diego <sec> carnival splendor resupplied , under tow .  toilet service and cold water are restored aboard the ship .  the vessel lost power after a fire monday .  the 7-day cruise departed from long beach , californi .
 thierry henry : french football great bids adieu <sec> thierry henry retires from football after 20-year career .  the frenchman won the world cup and euro 2000 with his country .  henry best known for his eight-year spell with arsenal in the english premier league .  he became the london club 's all-time leading goalscore .
 4 aid workers killed in afghan attack <sec> gunmen shoot and kill four international aid workers and driver near kabul .  shooting occured during ambush on their convoy south of capital .  taliban claims responsibility for attac .
 smoke fills plane cabin , prompts emergency landing <sec> flames emerged from a delta plane 's engine during takeoff , passenger said .  smoke filled the cabin , and the flight returned to atlanta 's airport .  there were no reported injuries among the 182 passenger .
 typo puts miss universe canada crown on wrong head <sec> denise garrido , 26 , was mistakenly named the winner .  riza santos , 26 , actually won , the pageant says .  the organization blames a typo that `` significantly impacted the final results .
 talk with us : america 's death penalty under scrutiny <sec> watch a frank discussion with cnn about the death penalty at our google hangout .  cnn 's ashleigh banfield led the discussion with death row documentary producers .  the debate also included death row legal experts john h. blume and robert blecke .
 what if goodell ran the nba and silver the nfl ? <sec> nfl and nba commissioners have each faced member conduct challenges in 2014 .  adam silver took over the nba and immediately faced the sterling crisis .  roger goodell has been the nfl boss for eight years . .  there 's a growing chorus calling for goodell 's resignatio .
 jewish museum shooting suspect captured <sec> french prosecutor says mehdi nemmouche was radicalized by islamist teachings while in prison .  suspect was detained with bag full of items related to the killings , prosecutor says .  an israeli couple from tel aviv and a french woman died in may 24 shooting .  the shooter also wounded a museum worke .
 north korea says it has arrested american citizen <sec> u.s. officials said last week that an american had been detained in north korea .  bae jun ho is accused of committing a crime against north korea , state media says .  he entered north korea on november 3 to carry out a tour , it reports .  the united states and north korea do not have diplomatic relation .
 media circus descends on assange 's embassy hide out <sec> the modest ecuador embassy has become the site of a media circus .  julian assange supporters scuffle with police and pump revolutionary anthems .  perplexed shoppers from nearby harrods side-step the gathered tv crews .  twitter lights up with support , government lines , and gag .
 former marine pleads not guilty to raping , killing college student <sec> james michael biela , 27 , is charged with murder of brianna denison , 19 .  tentative trial date set for february 22 , 2010 .  denison last seen on friend 's couch during visit to hometown of reno , nevada .  police say biela left previous victim 's panties as `` calling card '' near denison 's bod .
 screening must include religion , ethnicity <sec> steven emerson : new tsa rules for screening passengers good start , but more needs to be done .  emerson : ca n't ignore islamic radicals carried out most terror attacks over the past decade .  `` smart screening '' means behavior , travel history , watch lists , ethnicity , religion .  screeners , intelligence officials need as much information as possible , he argue .
 iraq car bombs rattle baghdad , mosul ; 44 dead <sec> new : u.s. condemns attacks through statement from embassy in baghdad .  in baghdad , 35 people killed in a spate of bombings , police say ; few details given .  in mosul , a car bomb targets soldiers lined up to get their paychecks ; nine dead .  iraq has seen an increase in tension between its shiite and sunni populations since apri .
 russian army stops buying kalashnikov rifles <sec> russian army has surplus of kalashnikovs and is waiting on a newer model .  the rifle is the weapon of choice for national armies and paramilitary guerrillas alike .  the kalashnikov is highly regarded for its simplicity of operation and reliability .  the weapon was designed in 1947 by mikhail kalashniko .
 soccer stars protest gaza bombing <sec> top footballers protesting against israel hosting of tournament .  players sign petition asking uefa to move european under-21 event from tel aviv .  world football 's governing body fifa plans to help rebuild damaged stadiu .
 california teacher pleads not guilty in student 'bondage ' case <sec> defense attorney asks no rush to judgment .  mark berndt , 61 , appears in court unshaven and silent .  he lost his job in january 2011 , then was arrested one year later .  police say his dna matches semen found on spoons in his classroo .
 syria shows al-assad , amid speculation on his whereabouts <sec> new : u.n. security council will consider observer mission status friday .  thursday 's death toll at 217 , opposition group says .  rebels control iraq border crossing points , a senior iraqi army official says .  u.s. ambassador to u.n. says russia , china are `` isolated outliers .
 michael jackson 's mom sues production company aeg live for son 's death <sec> new : aeg attorney says suit `` is inaccurate , unsubstantiated and meritless '' .  katherine jackson says the concert company controlled jackson 's doctor .  lawsuit : jackson was `` cold and shivering '' at his last rehearsals .  the suit says aeg live failed to provide promised medical equipmen .
 suicide attacks in pakistan kill 80 ; taliban claim bin laden revenge <sec> new : an opposition figure calls on pakistan government to refuse u.s. aid .  the attacks are in retaliation for the death of bin laden , pakistani taliban say .  the recruits had just completed a nine-month training progra .
 teen trained to be suicide bomber feels tricked <sec> teen is serving at least 5 years for plot to carry out suicide bombing .  he says muslim radicals at school duped him into becoming a would-be bomber .  the thing he misses most about home is his mom and dad : `` i miss my parents '' .  detention facility is teaching jailed children a moderate interpretation of isla .
 art for sail : olympic yachts glide into london for a colorful makeover <sec> the cnm estates fine art sails regatta debuted this weekend at london 's royal victoria dock .  olympic and world championship sailors took to the water bearing sails adorned with contemporary artwork .  organizers say the concept marks a first of its kind collaboration between art and top-class sailin .
 japan 's 'herbivore men ' -- less interested in sex , money <sec> author and pop culture columnist maki fukasawa coins the term 'herbivore men ' .  she says these men are changing the country 's ideas about what is masculine .  these men are less interested in making money , sex .  fukasawa says the trend may indeed be a return to the norm for japanese me .
 newsweek reporter in iran reportedly 'confesses ' <sec> maziar bahari , 42 , makes his alleged confession at a news conference tuesday .  report according to the semi-official fars news agency .  cnn can not confirm since foreign reporters restricted in news gathering in iran .  newsweek says bahari reports without bias and beyond reproac .
 tepco found liable in landmark fukushima suicide case <sec> tepco ordered to pay out in suicide case linked to fukushima .  woman set herself on fire four months after fukushima disaster .  fukushima government releases data showing more cases of thyroid cance .
 it 's sex o'clock in america <sec> raquel welch : the pill has altered society in ways good and bad .  an upside has been empowerment of women in life decisions .  welch : downside is loss of caution and discernment in choice of sex partner .
 hollywood to feds : let us use drones <sec> seven production companies have petitioned the faa to use drones for aerial video .  the motion picture association of america filed on behalf of them .  currently , there 's only one exemption to u.s. commercial-drone ban .  companies want to use drones to shoot footage for movies , t .
 best french fries in the u.s . <sec> french fries are a food most people can agree on -- at least the basic principle .  restaurants are going all out to spice up their fries with unique preparations .  sauces beyond ketchup are gaining in popularity .  what 's your favorite fry ? .  share you picks for local eats on ireport.co .
 ferguson : doj jeopardizes ferguson case ( opinion ) <sec> paul callan : justice department made a mistake with its new investigation of ferguson police .  callan : he says the probe is politically inspired and risks prejudicing the michael brown case .  prosecutors and grand jury seeking to decide if criminal charges are warranted , he says .  callan : now is not the time to announce that ferguson police are under federal investigatio .
 couples leads masters ; tiger just two strokes behind <sec> tiger woods two strokes off lead after first round at masters .  fred couples leads a pack of 11 players within two strokes of each other .  woods was returning to sport after taking break that began last novembe .
 opinion : 'neighbors ' : both anonymous and intimate <sec> fine art photographer arne svenson 's artworks encompass many subjects .  svenson photographed occupants of nearby building through the windows .  their faces were hidden , but some objected because they were unaware of camera .  svenson says portraits are powerful because we recognize ourselves in the .
 ruling coalition wins again in malaysia <sec> new : ruling coalition returned to power , results show .  opposition leader anwar ibrahim has not conceded the race .  barisan nasional has been in power for more than 50 years .  allegations of vote-rigging have marred the electio .
