 fighting climate change ? do n't ignore poor nations ' creativity <sec> nd gain index : many african countries are least prepared for climate change .  among the lowest ranked were chad , burundi , eritrea , car and the drc .  the annual index ranks countries `` based on their vulnerability to climate change.. .  ... and their readiness to adapt to the droughts , superstorms and natural disasters that climate change can cause .
 beauty in death : when taxidermy becomes art <sec> two dutch artists are revolutionizing the world of taxidermy .  they have returned to victorian techniques , producing works of exceptional quality .  it 's not about death , it 's about beauty , they sa .
 gunman shoots 4 in north carolina , then is shot by police <sec> a man with a shotgun shoots one person in a greenville law firm parking lot .  he then shoots three people in a walmart parking lot .  he is shot by police after he disobeys orders to drop the weapo .
 citizens who sued -- and , in so doing , made history <sec> edith windsor is attached to a supreme court ruling on same-sex marriage .  she 's one of many u.s. citizens associated with groundbreaking rulings .  they include men like william marbury and women like `` jane roe .
 exercise : it 's what we evolved to do <sec> exercising for health has deep evolutionary roots .  most americans do n't exercise enough .  we should help each other exercise more often , authors sa .
 analysis : kercher murder case complicated , confusing mess <sec> nadeau : only guarantee in kercher murder trial is that new result will cause outcry .  amanda knox 's lawyer believes knox will not attend trial and will be tried in absentia .  u.s. has declined to respect extradition treaty with italy in the pas .
 save one dying lake , save the middle east ? <sec> lake urmia was once one of the world 's largest lakes .  over the last 20 years it has almost completely dried up .  iran 's water crisis puts security , the economy and public health at risk .  president rouhani has committed $ 5 billion to save the lak .
 america 's love/hate affair with government <sec> new cnn/orc poll finds trust in government dropped to all-time low .  borger : americans want government programs such as social security , medicare .  she says americans do n't believe government can solve problems .  borger : obama has n't demonstrated leadership needed to reverse tren .
 the joys of obscure olympic sports <sec> mike downey : olympics compel us to watch sports we 'd never follow .  he says the rules and even language of sports such as judo are n't familiar to many in u.s . .  at st. louis games in 1904 , tug of war was an entry -- at least the rules were plain , he says .  downey : i 've attended 11 olympics and still do n't know what modern pentathlon i .
 tsa seizes guns , crossbows one day before thanksgiving <sec> weapons seized at two new york airports .  one man tried to wear his loaded firearm through airport screening .  another man packed guns and crossbows in his checked luggage .  nearly 2,000 firearms have been seized in carry-ons at checkpoint .
 accused 'kensington strangler ' convicted in philadelphia , given three life sentences <sec> antonio rodriguez is convicted of murder in the deaths of three women .  the women were killed and sexually assaulted in 2010 in philadelphia .  their assailant was nicknamed the `` kensington strangler '' for the neighborhood of the crimes .  rodriguez is sentenced three life terms ; prosecutor says the city `` is a little bit safer .
 police : man used ink-like substance , contact lenses to cheat casino <sec> a bettor marked cards with ink-like substance , used special lenses to see it , police say .  bruce koloshi was caught on surveillance video at connecticut casino , cops say .  koloshi , 54 , is charged with cheating , conspiracy ; he 's also wanted in louisian .
 messaging app aims to be a safer snapchat <sec> wickr is a self-destructing messaging app created by computer-security experts .  snapchat has played down the security of its similar app in the past .  messages sent using wickr are anonymous and encrypte .
 q & a ; : how optimistic are iraqis ? <sec> iraqis are divided about greater u.s. involvement in their country .  blast walls , barbed wire and random road closures are common .  getting permission to film in baghdad is tough .  there is no sign the government can roll back militants ' gain .
 7.9 earthquake near alaska , no tsunami <sec> preliminary measures put the quake 's strength at 8.0 , later downgraded to 7.9 .  an initial tsunami warning was canceled .  the 150 residents of adak moved to a shelter on higher ground .  adak is on an island off the alaskan mainlan .
 turkish pm vows to 'eradicate ' twitter , users see service disruptions <sec> prime minister recep tayyip erdogan has threatened to shut down social media sites .  he says twitter 's management has ignored court orders .  outrage erupts online when service disruptions hit .  twitter users quickly advertise workaround procedure .
 baby food makers in california court over lead warnings <sec> the lawsuit was filed by a california environmental group in 2011 .  it concerns some of the country 's biggest baby food makers .  the suit seeks to require companies put warning labels on their product .
 survivors tell of panic on board as ferry tilts , then capsizes <sec> high school students left for jeju island for school trip .  numbers reported rescued and missing are fluctuating , leaving parents and families in anguish .  witnesses tell cnn affiliate that the ship began tilting , which flung people off balanc .
 8 ways to simplify your life in 2012 <sec> focus your new year 's resolutions by picking what matters most and sticking with it .  simplify your schedule by booking like a therapist -- 50 minute activities with a 10-minute break .  clean out your closet with three rounds and keep your absolute favorite thing .
 missile defense system passes test , u.s. agency says <sec> ship-based system shoots down dummy missile from hundreds of miles away .  aegis ballistic missile defense has 19 successful tests in 23 tries , agency says .  more than 80 u.s. navy ships eventually will be equipped with syste .
 is ukraine becoming a dictatorship ? <sec> clashes escalate between protesters and police after controversial new laws adopted .  lutsevych : action could seriously undermine chances for free and fair presidential elections .  protests against president viktor yanukovych 's policy u-turn away from eu integration .  lutsevych : `` what can be seen in ukraine is an attempt to create dictatorial rule , preserve power of yanukovych .
 spain turns right to escape crisis <sec> david frum : elections in spain were a victory for conservatives .  he says spanish economic boom was financed by huge debts .  unemployment now tops 20 % , and the euro handicaps spain , he says .  frum : rethinking the euro is key to solving spain 's problem .
 defense to begin in connecticut family murder , sex assault case <sec> the defense for joshua komisarjevsky is set to begin its case .  if convicted , komisarjevsky could face the death penalty .  three members of the petit family were killed in connecticut in july 2007 .  komisarjevsky 's alleged partner in crime , steven hayes , was sentenced to death in december 201 .
 aid groups : humanitarian crisis leads to piracy <sec> oxfam : one-third of somalia 's population desperately needs emergency aid .  somalia has not had a fully functioning government since 1991 .  groups : security , humanitarian assistance necessary to curb piracy .  brussels meeting aimed at supporting somalia 's security through more fundin .
 an economic cold wind -- if not war -- can be felt in europe <sec> the european union introduced a new round of sanctions against russia this week .  jim boulden says mh17 disaster forced the eu to reach agreement on the sanctions .  eu has now taken steps that will harm its own economy in order to stand up to russia , he write .
 south korean spy chief warns of more attacks by north <sec> intelligence chief warns of more attacks .  report : s. korea is in talks with the u.s. for more drills to deal with `` provocation by the enemy '' .  government ministers from south korea and japan will attend a december meeting .  north korea warns u.s.-south korea drills could lead to `` all-out war any time .
 phones , tablets becoming more popular in the bedroom than tv <sec> survey says people watch smartphones and tablets more than tv in the bedroom .  46 % of respondents have used smartphones and 41 % have used tablets in the boudoir .  as mobile viewing increases , users want seamless experience across devices .  motorola mobility surveyed 9,500 people in 17 countrie .
 family makes trek to find a job <sec> florida man 's pay is reduced until he ca n't support his family .  he fixes up rickety camper and with wife , baby and $ 1,000 , sets off for colorado .  they camp in woods until someone offers a reduced-rent house .  he finds a job at an auto parts store , but still fears for futur .
 7 shot in chicago nightclub during album release party <sec> new : report : lil ' mouse and king samson were performing at the club .  all seven people shot are in stable condition .  the shooting took place during an album release party .  police believe it is gang-relate .
 benitez : i 'll quit at the end of the season <sec> rafael benitez reveals he will leave chelsea at the end of the season .  spaniard launches attack on club 's fans following abuse at press conference .  benitez also hits out at `` interim manager '' title .  chelsea qualifies for fa cup quarterfinal and will play manchester unite .
 earthquake survivor : i spent two weeks trapped under rubble <sec> ricot duprevil , 31 , was in stable condition with fractured thigh bone after rescue , officials say .  unclear if he was rescued from newly collapsed building or one that fell two weeks ago .  duprevil was severely dehydrated when found , medics say .  if he survived being trapped for two weeks , he ties record set in 1990 philippines quak .
 opinion : al-shabaab is fighting for its survival <sec> the somali group al-shabaab attacked a mall and other targets in kenya , killing many .  ethan mesquita : these terrorist attacks are a sign the rebels are losing .  he says the goal of al-shabaab is to rule somalia , so why would it attack kenya ? .  mesquita : terrorism is a weapon of the weak ; al-shabaab is fighting for its surviva .
 make a graceful online exit from your job <sec> when it 's time to leave your job , tie up digital loose ends and depart with dignity .  walk around and shake hands with everyone you can on your last day .  provide your personal e-mail address and phone number as a separate vcar .
 'christmas vacation ' cast , 25 years later <sec> `` christmas vacation '' celebrates its 25th anniversary this year .  the movie was the third in the national lampoon `` vacation '' series .  it was written by john hughes based on one of his short storie .
 aid worker : syrian refugee crisis is creating burden for neighbors <sec> nelson : i see firsthand the burden syrian refugees are placing on neighboring countries .  the humanitarian response needs to address longer-term needs like creating jobs , she says .  nelson says the hope of refugees being able to return home anytime soon is remote .  this is the most complex humanitarian crisis of our time , she write .
 brazil 2014 : and the world cup 's best advert is ... <sec> television screens filled with world cup adverts .  advertisers keen to cash in given football is world 's most popular sport .  marketing battle played out across digital as well as televisio .
 tech whiz brings gift of computers to ghana 's children <sec> seth owusu is the founder of entire village computers organization .  the charity takes refurbished computers to rural communities in africa .  it also runs training workshops and provides technical support .  owusu says an entire community benefits when computers are introduced in local schools .
 family transformed three years after bridge disaster <sec> mom helped save 52 kids , eight adults after '07 minneapolis bridge collapse .  ordeal of surviving the collapse of 1,900-foot bridge changed her family forever .  mother , daughter bonded tightly , returning to the bridge site 3 years later .  mother 's health issues from the collapse forced daughter `` to be a grownup .
 'national education ' raises furor in hong kong <sec> introduction of chinese civic education into hong kong public school curriculum sparked protests .  hong kongers claim `` moral and national education '' subject amounts to `` brainwashing '' youth .  government curriculum guidelines said china 's ruling party is `` progressive , selfless and united '' .  controversy reflects ongoing anxieties toward beijing 's influence in hong kong 's affair .
 former nfl great darren sharper denied bail in arizona <sec> darren sharper is under supicision in five states , but charged in two .  his attorneys have said he had cosensual sex .  he faces yet another court date friday in los angeles .  thursday 's development likely means he wo n't get bail in california eithe .
 obama celebrates birthday with a guys ' weekend <sec> the president turned 49 on wednesday .  obama played golf on saturday and basketball on sunday .  the first lady and 9-year-old sasha obama came home from spain sunda .
 rapper lil ' wayne sentenced to one year <sec> lil ' wayne , aka dwayne carter , pleaded guilty in october to felony gun charges .  charges stem from his arrest in 2007 outside new york city 's beacon theater .  lil ' wayne is a multiplatinum-selling and grammy-winning rap artis .
 wisconsin releases recall petition names amid safety concerns <sec> some who signed the petition are concerned about their safety .  wisconsin 's public records law requires the release of the petition .  gov . .  scott walker drew the ire of labor unions and public school teachers last year .  more than a million people signed the petition to recall hi .
 spike in gas prices spurs violent protests around sudan <sec> sudanese protest over economic reforms lifting gas subsidies , leading to price hikes .  one protester shot dead in wad madani ; police say that it 's not known who shot him .  witnesses : gas stations , buses , political buildings are attacked amid protest .
 t-mobile users rejoice at justice dept . blocking at & t ; merger <sec> justice department is suing to block at & t 's proposed acquisition .  users say merger would combine at & t 's reception problems with t-mobile 's customer service problems .  in the past year , t-mobile has seen a steady decline in profit .
 no charges filed in aau abuse investigation <sec> robert dodd had been accused of sexual abuse in the 1980s .  ralph west , one of two who made the allegations , has opted not to file a report , police say .  police sgt . .  karen rudolph : `` if someone does file a complaint , we will investigate it .
 what food allergies are costing families -- and the economy <sec> about 4 % to 6 % of u.s. children under age 18 have food allergies .  families with food allergies are spending an estimated $ 4,184 per child per year .  costs include special child care arrangements , allergy-friendly summer camps or school .
 ten tough years for adopted twins <sec> biological aunt wanted to take them in .  there were numerous warnings about adoptive family .  court-appointed guardian is devastated .  jorge barahona has been charged with aggravated child abus .
 why i 'm an optimist about changing the world <sec> melinda gates : the un adopted millennium development goals 10 years ago .  she says there 's been extraordinary progress in many areas .  reduction in child mortality alone will save 4 million lives in 2010 , compared to 1990 , she says .  gates : i 'm optimistic about the world but impatient for faster chang .
 chinese residents line up for bags of fresh mountain air <sec> zhengzhou residents lined up to try bags of mountain air .  zhengzhou is one of the most polluted cities in china .  event was a tourism publicity stunt for nearby laojun mountain in the same provinc .
 shooter who ambushed firefighters left note showing intent to burn , kill <sec> new : a charred body believed to be the shooter 's sister 's was found in her burned house .  the shooter used a bushmaster rifle , the same kind used in the sandy hook assault , police say .  william spengler , 62 , shot himself to death after his ambush killed two firefighters , police say .  spengler was convicted in 1981 of killing his grandmothe .
 homeboy industries business model : a way out of gang life <sec> homeboy industries helps gang members get off the streets .  father greg boyle , the founder , has counseled thousands of gang members .  program provides jobs for people who want to turn their lives around .  homeboy industries also provides services such as tattoo remova .
 somali president bends to rebel demand for sharia law <sec> concession is attempt to halt fighting between somali forces , islamic insurgents .  president ahmed says he wo n't agree to a strict interpretation of islamic law .  president also has asked african peacekeepers to stand dow .
 facebook pressed to return money from ads for syrian president 's page <sec> the site has taken down ads for a page promoting bashar al-assad 's presidential campaign .  group accuses facebook of accepting money from a regime `` at the heart '' of a brutal conflict .  `` we comply with all relevant syrian sanctions , '' a facebook spokesman says .  the site typically allows heads of state to have a presence , regardless of their standin .
 tornado-ravaged barn will be rebuilt for rescued animals <sec> cnn hero jeff parness started a nonprofit called new york says thank you .  every year , the volunteer group helps a community recovering from a disaster .  this year 's beneficiary is an animal rescue group in ellijay , georgia .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2011 cnn heroe .
 camera selfies : turning the lens on themselves <sec> without the help of pouty faces and instagram filters , vintage cameras pose for `` selfies '' .  jürgen novotny collected historic cameras from friends or on auction sites like ebay .  novotny captures them with his modern , digital fujifilm x-t1 in a small studi .
 argentina 's video gamers take on world <sec> south american video game companies say they are ready to compete with rest of world .  region a source of low-cost creativity but now industry chiefs are ready to compete on quality .  argentina has 65 firms , about 3,000 employees and generates $ 55 millio .
 coroner : no indication mold killed brittany murphy or simon monjack <sec> new : inspection found no mold in home before murphy 's death .  coroner 's office found `` no indicators '' of mold having a role in the two deaths .  murphy and monjack died in the same room , five months apart .  autopsies found that pneumonia was the main factor in each deat .
 truth of earrings , bikinis and sports bras <sec> polish diplomats brought pointed shoes to britain in 1300s .  a female runner sewed two jock straps together for first sports bra .  men wore earrings in egypt in 1500 .
 report : suspects in border agent 's killing arrested in mexico <sec> mexican news agency : four arrested in connection with u.s. agent 's death .  u.s. border patrol agent robert rosas gunned down thursday in california .  mexican police say suspects are smugglers of humans .  news agency : suspect says fifth man -- arrested earlier -- was shoote .
 rnc pays tribute to record-setting black republicans - cnnpolitics.com <sec> as part of a black history month celebration , republicans paid tribute to record-setting members of congress .  it 's part of the republican national committee 's effort to build a more welcoming brand for the go .
 security change at liberty , ellis islands criticized <sec> the national parks service wants to screen visitors after arrival at liberty , ellis islands .  police commissioner ray kelly and sen. charles schumer ask service to reverse course .  it 's like screening `` people at airports after they get on the plane , '' schumer says .  liberty island , home of the statue of liberty , will reopen july 4 after sandy repair .
 does your child have a school nurse ? <sec> michigan has the highest student-to-school nurse ratio in the country , at 4,411 to 1 .  nurses are handling bigger caseloads as students ' medical needs become more complex .  parents should ask who is in charge of their kid 's health while at school , expert say .
 carrie fisher : how she lost 50 lbs -- and got her life back <sec> `` it will be a year on thanksgiving , '' fisher said .  fisher still hopes to lose 10 more pounds .  `` you do the treadmill first , which is this horrendous , evil thing , '' she sai .
