 last titanic survivor selling mementos to pay bills <sec> 97-year-old was 9 weeks old when titanic sank in 1912 .  saturday 's auction is expected to raise up to $ 50,000 for her .  letters from estate of another survivor will also be on the bloc .
 how cirque du soleil scouts clowns , trapeze artists and gymnasts <sec> cirque du soleil casting director krista monson is responsible for finding new acts .  she works with a team of 60 to identify and sign talent for the company 's 21 shows .  monson attributes her success to having the humility to listen .  but a bit of friction can result in the best decisions , she say .
 somali islamists offer 10 camels as bounty for obama <sec> the militant al-shabaab jeered a u.s. reward offered for seven of its key members .  a man purporting to one of those wanted by the united states makes a counter offer .  he offers 10 camels as a reward for information on the whereabouts of president obama .  hillary clinton 's bounty is two camel .
 friendliest/unfriendliest cities in the u.s. are ... <sec> conde nast traveler 's readers ' choice survey unveils friendliest and unfriendliest cities in u.s . .  newark tops chart as unfriendliest city .  southern cities dominate friendliest cities lis .
 gop tries to define clinton for young voters <sec> republicans step up efforts to define hillary clinton , who has n't said whether she 'll run for president .  a certain demographic does n't likely know much about the bill clinton white house years .  democrats charge the gop campaign is 'dredging up '' old new .
 israel would face challenge in bombing iran nuclear sites , experts say <sec> an israeli attack on iran would involve more than 100 planes , experts say .  they would need to hit as many as eight well-protected iranian targets .  experts : israel 's air force is superior on paper , but the iranians train hard .  israel has vowed not to let iran get nuclear weapon .
 can islamic parties peddle democracy ? <sec> political islam is sure to be a factor as change sweeps through arab nations .  but can islamic law be reconciled with democracy ? .  tunisia 's leadership may look to turkey as a model .  libyans reassure the west they are moderate muslim .
 protests rage in venezuela , one month on <sec> three people are killed in clashes in carabobo state .  south american foreign ministers say they 're sending a commission to venezuela .  venezuela 's government says 23 people have been killed in a month of demonstrations .  student protesters on both sides pack the streets in caraca .
 national rifle association to sponsor nascar race in texas <sec> new : sponsorship comes during gun control debate in washington .  for the first time , the nra will sponsor a top-level nascar event .  track official says it is an extension of the relationship with the nra .  more than 190,000 fans expected to attend the race planned for prime tim .
 hours after donald sterling 's ban , la clippers unite in emotional win <sec> fans cheer and chant `` we are one '' as the team defeats the golden state warriors .  hours before , clippers owner donald sterling had been banned from the nba .  `` it was almost like everybody wanted to exhale tonight , '' clippers coach doc rivers say .
 obama orders flags at half-staff to honor byrd , except on july 4 <sec> flag will fly at full staff on july 4 in byrd 's honor .  move `` a mark of respect for the memory and longstanding service '' of byrd .  flags will be at half-staff until sunset july 6 , the day byrd is burie .
 from senators to animals : lawmaker who fell from grace now working as a vet <sec> exclusive : john ensign is now working at a veterinarian hospital he once owned .  former nevada senator left washington amid a sex scandal .  once the only vet in congress , he is now taking classes to brush up on his skills .  he is introspective , warning those still in politics not to let power get the best of the .
 iran nuclear deal : the sad truth ( opinion ) <sec> ed royce : best predictor of iran 's future behavior is its past behavior .  new framework keeps iran 's nuclear door well and truly open , he say .
 abbas calls for palestinian unity after 'birth certificate ' for palestinian state <sec> new : abbas said the `` most important '' palestinian mission is `` national unity '' .  clinton says u.n. decision `` will not bring us closer to peace '' .  world leaders warn building new settlements will set back peace talk .
 rapper/actor ice-t on his documentary and life <sec> ice-t has released a documentary on the art of hip-hop .  he answered questions from cnn ireporters .  he called on his friends in the music industry for his latest projec .
 purported al-zawahiri message criticizes morsy 's ouster <sec> a message purportedly from ayman al-zawahiri is posted to jihadist forums .  in it , he criticizes how groups treated and ousted egyptian president mohamed morsy .  egypt 's rulers are `` plotting ( with ) americans and zionists to divide egypt , '' he say .
 opinion : past and future collide in turkey clashes <sec> david perry : plan to reconstruct ottoman era barracks in taksim square revealed deep divisions .  when atatürk modernized turkey , he says , many resented parting with old islamic ways .  perry : prime minister and his akp party exploited that resentment in their rise to power .  the meaning and relevance of the ottoman past remains a powerful question , he say .
 probe of early autism-vaccine complaints was limited , report says <sec> `` the accused were investigating themselves , '' a british medical journal reports .  researcher has denied any wrongdoing , and his theory still has outspoken defenders .  vaccination rates in britain dropped sharply after stud .
 hate speech infiltrates social-networking sites , report says <sec> internet 's unregulated nature has aided proliferation of cyber-hate , report says .  number of hate-affiliated web pages jumped 20 percent in past year .  personal blogs , mainstream social-networking sites are affected , authors sa .
 militants attack karachi airport ; 21 killed in clashes <sec> new : two militants detonated suicide vests at karachi 's airport , a military spokesman says .  new : militants were contained to a maintenance area at the airport , he says .  21 people were killed , including 10 militants , officials say .  fires rage at the airport in at least two locations ; ambulances line up outsid .
 loughner judge wo n't release records , delays mug shot ruling <sec> new : judge says he wo n't make a ruling on whether two new mug shots should be released .  judge declines to release findings from authorities ' search of jared lee loughner 's family home .  loughner is charged in the january 8 mass shooting in tucson , arizon .
 deal ends democratic leadership fight <sec> house speaker nancy pelosi has forged a deal over the party 's leadership structure .  rep. steny hoyer will become the democratic whip , rep. jim clyburn will be assistant leader .  the `` assistant leader '' position is a new , third-ranking leadership post .  clyburn supports the deal , saying it `` honors the diversity '' of democrats in the hous .
 toronto mayor rob ford : i drank a little before latest video <sec> in latest video , rob ford speaks at times with a jamaican accent .  he told reporters that he did drink but did n't do any drugs .  he admitted in november that he had smoked crack , drank too much in past .  he had vowed not to drink alcohol any mor .
 'district 9 ' crushes box office competition <sec> `` district 9 , '' the alien action pic , crushed the competition grossing $ 37 million .  `` g.i . .  joe : the rise of cobra '' dropped 59 percent , bringing in $ 22.5 million .  `` the time traveler 's wife '' materialized into third place with $ 19.2 million .  check out which other movies made this week 's top ten lis .
 north korea vows to protect itself <sec> n. korean foreign ministry refers to u.s.-south korean `` nuclear war exercises '' .  south korea calls exercises `` annual defensive exercises , '' yonhap reports .  north korea threatens retaliation in event `` satellite '' launch is intercepted .  u.s. , south korea say north korea appears to be prepping missile test firin .
 celebs , jokes , obama all part of big time at press dinner <sec> annual white house correspondent 's dinner is major soiree in nation 's capital .  media a tough audience , but hollywood and comedy mark the evening .  in a tuxedo , president obama commands the dais for a few jokes of his own .  it 's the 100th dinner ; it was small in the early years , but became a mob scene once the clintons arrive .
 charlie sheen 's comedy central roast : did it go too far ? <sec> charlie sheen has had his share of ups and downs .  the comedians took a no-holds barred approach .  sheen fired back with his own zinger .
 tighe becomes first woman to head a numbered u.s. navy fleet <sec> vice adm. jan tighe takes over as head of u.s. fleet cyber command , u.s. 10th fleet .  she succeeds adm. michael rogers , who moved on to become the nsa director .  `` i believe ( this ) is just a stepping stone , '' recent nsa director keith alexander says of tighe .  the navy , other branches have faced criticism for the treatment of female personne .
 scores hurt in s. korea beef protests <sec> about 15,000 people stage street demonstration in seoul .  rally turned violent after some protesters tried to drag away police buses .  riot police fired water cannons and sprayed fire extinguishers to repel the .
 finster 's 'paradise ' : the south 's most inspired garden <sec> paradise garden showcases the work of late folk artist howard finster .  the garden in northwest georgia is undergoing a restoration .  finster 's work is part of a new exhibit at the american visionary art museum .  a film , `` paradise garden : howard finster 's legacy , '' was released this yea .
 opinion : a nation shocked by boston bombing <sec> cnn opinion podcast features the `` big three '' issues on the week .  margaret hoover : boston marathon bombing was the top story .  hoover : the defeat of a gun-control bill in the senate irked john and dean .  bieber 's trivializing of anne frank reflects a dumbed-down america , hoover say .
 france encouraged by photograph showing hostages <sec> a photograph showing seven hostages is an 'encouraging sign , ' france says .  five of the hostages in niger are french nationals .  the group 's september 16 kidnapping was claimed by al qaeda in the islamic maghre .
 'spider-man ' fall caused by human error , union says <sec> director julie taymor calls fall `` heartbreaking '' .  wednesday 's matinee performance has been postponed , a spokesman says .  performer christopher tierney is listed in serious condition after fal .
 some concerns of 30-something women <sec> dating can be daunting for 30-something women in america .  the dating pool is small and some successful women fear they intimidate men .  one divorced mom does criminal background checks on her dates .  married muslim woman was forbidden to dat .
 his highness on the high seas : aboard a king 's yacht <sec> cnn mainsail gets on board the king of spain 's racing yacht .  the boat is a 52-foot racing yacht that requires a crew of 15 .  a crew member from the boat says it is full of state-of-the-art equipmen .
 clinton leaves drama in china for turmoil in bangladesh <sec> washington sees bangladesh as a viable alternative to extremism .  the muslim-majority nation is moderate and democratic .  but it has seen political turmoil after the disappearance of an opposition leader .  clinton next goes to indi .
 in south korea , valentine 's day is all about the men <sec> women give men chocolates for valentine 's day in korea .  valentine 's day is just one of many romantic korean holidays . .  next up : white day .  valentine 's day has evolved to incorporate more than just romantic interest .
 usda employee resigns over statements about white farmer <sec> shirley sherrod says her remarks were taken out of context .  sherrod says the point of her story was to unite people .  naacp backs agriculture secretary 's decision to accept resignation of shirley sherrod .  sherrod says she did n't use `` the full force '' to help white farmer while at nonprofi .
 barenaked ladies ' seaworld gig canceled after viewing 'blackfish ' <sec> new : the band says it does n't feel `` comfortable proceeding with the gig '' .  `` blackfish '' tells the story of seaworld trainer killed in 2010 by an orca named tilikum .  `` i 'm hoping to grab the band 's attention on this issue , '' fan mike garrett says in petitio .
 'fit ' prince william leads homeless teens up peak <sec> prince william joins homeless teens on hike to help charities .  william , 27 , was joined by six teenagers from the charity centrepoint .  `` fit '' prince leads the way up mountai .
 woman pleads guilty in baby-snatching case <sec> new : ann pettway could face 20 years behind bars .  she was indicted on a federal kidnapping charge .  carlina renae white , now in her early 20s , was taken from a new york hospital in 1987 .  white was reunited with her biological mother last yea .
 brazil admits spying but says it was n't like nsa <sec> brazil admitted that it spied on diplomats in 2003 and 2004 .  the country has been one of the biggest critics of spying by the nsa .  brazilian officials say the two cases are not comparabl .
 rory mcilroy gets his club back from donald trump <sec> rory mcilroy re-united with the 3-iron he threw into lake at doral .  presented with the club by owner donald trump .  repeats mistake with same club on final hole of wgc-cadillac championship .  dustin johnson wins tournament after six-month absence from pga tou .
 dozens of syrians reported killed in daraa <sec> video purports to show shooting site .  accounts surface of at least 37 dead , including 2 children , during past week .  state-run news agency reports spontaneous pro-government rallies in daraa .  activist says 9 were killed in daraa 's main squar .
 nashville voters reject english-only measure <sec> new : 57 percent vote against english-only measure in nashville , tennessee .  proposal : `` no person shall have a right '' to government services not in english .  measure would `` exclude and marginalize '' some residents , newspaper say .
 state media : 46 dead after landslide in southwest china <sec> a landslide hits friday morning in southwest china .  it buries 27 adults and 19 children , officials say .  the disaster prompts a large-scale rescue and relief effor .
 on a wing and a prayer : nasri and mata sign for man city , chelsea <sec> manchester city has announced the signing of samir nasri from arsenal .  it 's the fourth big-money signing to join city this transfer window .  meanwhile chelsea sign spain winger juan mata from valencia .  mata likely to make epl debut against norwich city saturda .
 king richard iii 's bones reveal fatal blows , study says <sec> scientists have analyzed king richard iii 's skeletal remains to see how he was killed .  they found evidence of 11 injuries at the time of death , three of them potentially fatal .  two head injuries are the most likely to have killed the king , scientists say .  richard iii 's remains were found in 2012 under a parking lot in the city of leiceste .
 analysis : a bold but risky choice for running mate <sec> rep. paul ryan admits he is the poster child for controversial proposals .  cnn chief political analyst gloria borger calls ryan `` a risky choice that could hurt romney '' .  leading conservative voices pushed romney this week to be bol .
 cnn viewers : williams 'guilty ' in atlanta child murders <sec> nonscientific poll : 68.6 percent believe wayne williams is the atlanta child murderer .  many african-americans across the u.s. recall being frightened by the case .  years later , one woman says case leads her to closely watch her kid .
 from 58 pounds to thriving <sec> chelsea roff nearly died from severe anorexia and its complications .  she spent 16 months in children 's medical center dallas .  she says she was lucky to get enough resources to put her life back together .  now , roff wants her story to be a `` beacon of hope '' for others who might be sufferin .
 ukraine releases protesters ; prime minister visits odessa after blaze <sec> regional prosecutor 's office denies involvement in decision to release detainees .  ukraine releases 67 people detained after friday violent protests .  police headquarters stormed by pro-russian forces in odessa as ukraine 's pm visited city .  forty-six people died in clashes , blaze in odessa on frida .
 oprah a 'proud momma ' as first academy students graduate <sec> the first class of oprah winfrey 's south africa-based academy has graduated .  the 71 girls are all accepted in universities in south africa and the united states .  the tv host set up the school in 2007 to give education to girls from poor backgrounds .  she plans to continue championing the rights of girls to a better educatio .
 labeling south africa violence xenophobia misses point <sec> xenophobia can not explain the conflict between native poor black south africans and foreign african entrepreneurs , says abdi .  killings of foreigners can not be separated from the brutal violence poor south africans experience , she adds .
 blatter rejects european council 's call for fifa election probe <sec> head of world football is unhappy with calls for investigation into his election victory .  sepp blatter says council of europe should not interfere in fifa 's affairs .  he says fifa 's members have expressed no concerns over the 2011 ballot .  incumbent blatter was the only candidate after his opponent pulled out in bribery scanda .
 17 executed in iraq , ministry says <sec> an egyptian man and two iraqi women are among those executed , a statement says .  it says most of them had been convicted of terrorism .  this appears to be the latest of several executions in recent months .  they come despite a united nations call for restrain .
 hurricane rick downgraded to category 3 storm <sec> new : rick 's sustained winds decrease to 115 mph .  hurricane watch issued for southern baja peninsula .  rick expected to weaken further before landfall by midwee .
 opinion : zuckerberg 's big idea is no charity <sec> mark zuckerberg is starting an initiative to bring internet access to developing world .  ben popper : internet.org is a canny business move dressed up to sound like charity .  he says some people have mistakenly assumed the initiative is a nonprofit , but it 's not .  popper : zuckerberg interested in potential growth and profits from emerging market .
 opcw approves road map for syria chemical weapons destruction <sec> opcw says it has approved a detailed plan to destroy syria 's chemical weapons by mid-2014 .  a u.n. resolution authorized a mission to oversee weapons destruction .  weapons inspectors began checking chemical sites in the war-torn country in october .  a location for destruction of weapons outside syria has not yet been announce .
 neil degrasse tyson stirs christmas twitter war <sec> neil degrasse tyson stirs controversy with christmas day tweets .  tweet marking isaac newton 's birthday retweeted more than 62,000 times in less than two days .  critics accuse him of `` trolling christmas '' to `` show you how smart he is .
 billy crystal to honor robin williams at emmys <sec> robin williams to receive tribute at emmys .  billy crystal to present .  williams died august 11 at 6 .
 zambia win africa cup of nations after dramatic penalty shootout <sec> zambia win africa cup of nations in libreville .  the copper bullets beat ivory coast 8-7 on penalties .  match had ended goalless after normal and extra time .  didier drogba missed penalty for ivory coast in second hal .
 college students heading for haiti <sec> penn state , lawrence tech students determined to help orphans .  `` see them smile and have them feel like someone loves them '' .  both groups planned to go even before earthquake struck .  `` we were n't going to let a little earthquake stop us , '' coordinator say .
 jerusalem terror attack 'strikes at soul ' of jews worldwide <sec> killing of rabbis strikes at soul of jews around the world , jewish leaders say .  in the u.s. , the horror of the attack unifies jews across the political spectrum .  something especially heinous about killing people while they pray , leaders say .  muslims also condemn attack , saying followers of islam must protect houses of worshi .
