 florida police , community mourn officer killed in presidential motorcade <sec> police release details of accident that killed officer bruce st. laurent during motorcade .  the 20-year veteran of the jupiter police department died sunday .  community members are honoring the officer with memorial , fundraising for famil .
 cricket : south africa wrap up australia series win <sec> south africa beat australia by nine wickets in second test in melbourne .  victory gives the south africans an unassailable 2-0 lead in their series .  south africa won first test of the series in perth by six wicket .
 u.s. demands answers in death of iranian dissident <sec> women 's rights advocate ezatollah sahabi dies at her father 's funeral .  opposition websites say she fell to the ground by security forces .  she died of a cardiac arrest , they say .  the state department asks why security forces were at the funera .
 mark and donnie wahlberg sign on for a & e ; reality show 'wahlburgers ' <sec> mark and donnie wahlberg have inked a reality show deal with a & e .  the brothers are working on a reality show called `` wahlburgers '' .  it will go behind-the-scenes of their boston-based burger joint of the same name .  it 'll feature both stars as well as other members of their famil .
 everton end chelsea 's fa cup dream ; united edge past part-timers <sec> two-time defending champions chelsea knocked out of fa cup in fourth-round replay .  everton claim last-16 place after winning the penalty shootout 4-3 on saturday .  manchester united reach quarterfinals with 1-0 win over non-league side crawley .  premier league birmingham and stoke also progress , beating third-division oppositio .
 chism pleads not guilty on new rape charge tied to teacher 's killing <sec> philip chism has a not guilty plea entered on his behalf on the additional rape charge .  it 's not clear whether 15-year-old will be treated as a juvenile or adult on this count .  he previously pleaded not guilty to aggravated rape , robbery , murder charges .  authorities say he killed his math teacher at school , then disposed of her bod .
 in depth : why the price of that tank of gas is going up , up , up <sec> in an in depth series this week , cnn explores why gas prices have shot upward again .  cnn 's mark whitaker : it 's easy to blame speculators , but are they really the culprits here ? .  cnn will also look at how rising tensions with iran play into energy prices .  also , two critical primaries are coming up tuesday -- michigan and arizon .
 2012 london olympics : join our live webcast on cnn <sec> 2012 summer olympics in london just four months away .  pose your questions on the games to cnn world sport 's don riddell .  riddell hosts a live webcast on cnn.com , cnn iphone and ipad apps wednesda .
 well-done red meat linked to aggressive prostate cancer <sec> in the study , men who preferred their burgers well-done had double the cancer risk .  when meat is cooked at high temperatures over an open flame , a reaction occurs .  heterocyclic amines ( hcas ) and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons ( pahs ) cause several types of cance .
 does prisoner have religious right to beard ? <sec> gregory holt wants to grow beard as part of his religious faith .  arkansas officials have denied him the right .  justices peppered both sides with question .
 grand jury to hear evidence in new york chokehold death <sec> eric garner died on july 17 after police stopped him for allegedly selling cigarettes illegally .  an officer seen in a video placing garner in a chokehold has been stripped of his badge .  prosecutors say the grand jury will begin hearing evidence next mont .
 police : body found on queen 's estate was missing 17-year-old <sec> new : police say they are investigating activities at the site last year .  new : dna tests help detectives identify the victim .  17-year-old alisa dmitrijeva was reported missing in august , police sa .
 'a better future ' for haiti 's underprivileged <sec> patrice millet was named one of the top 10 cnn heroes of 2011 .  his nonprofit teaches soccer , life skills to haiti 's poorest children .  millet : 'love comes first , then comes the money .
 michael jackson gave himself fatal overdose , expert says <sec> new : michael jackson died soon after self-injecting propofol , dr. paul white testifies .  new : prosecution theory requires `` incredible coincidence of circumstances , '' white says .  new : shafer 's iv drip theory is `` befuddling , '' defense expert says .  closing arguments could come tuesda .
 beijing residents dig wells outside their city homes <sec> residents in beijing sick of water shortages , start digging wells .  water authorities : fixing the shortages is complicated .  freshwater supply increasingly a problem in chin .
 mother of bullying victim rebecca sedwick : do n't ignore signs <sec> mother of florida bullying victim urges parents to pay attention to signs of harassment .  tricia norman : even if your child seems normal `` there may be something else going on '' .  norman backs legislation to make parents of alleged bullies liable in civil cour .
 family express sympathy for jailed amir <sec> mohammad amir 's family tell cnn they sympathize with their son 's plight .  they believe the teenage pakistan cricketer was forced into a betting scam .  amir was one of three players jailed in england on thursday for their role in the scanda .
 fire house in historic old city philadelphia catches fire <sec> `` benjamin franklin firehouse '' catches fire in historic neighborhood .  fire thought to have started in a medic unit on the ground level .  it was put out in nine minutes , fire chief say .
 november execution date set for d.c. sniper <sec> defense lawyer : judge sets november 10 execution date for john allen muhammad .  attorney says he 'll file appeal for convicted sniper with u.s. supreme court in october .  muhammad and protege lee boyd malvo killed 10 people in 2002 , police say .  muhammad faces execution in virginia death , also convicted in maryland killin .
 'new ' martial arts sensation in asia <sec> ignored for decades , myanmar 's traditional boxing form of lethwei is experiencing a revival .  former champ now teaches foreign investment bankers and local celebs .  lethwei fighters use punches , throws , choking and head butts .  in its traditional form , lethwei is fought with bare knuckles bound by clot .
 fbi breaks up $ 25 million 'car cloning ' ring <sec> fbi to announce 17 arrests in huge `` car cloning '' scam .  under scam , vins , other details taken from legal car , given to similar stolen model .  in one case , owner lost truck but was still saddled with payments .  ring stretched from chicago to florida to central mexic .
 hoeness charged with tax evasion <sec> bayern munich president uli hoeness charged with tax evasion by a court in munich .  former west german international 's defense team has four weeks to answer charges .  issues relates to unspecified swiss bank account in hoeness ' nam .
 extreme shrimp might hold clues to alien life , nasa says <sec> shrimp dine on carbohydrates produced by bacteria living inside underwater volcanic vents .  if bacteria can survive in these conditions on earth , maybe it can happen on other worlds .  jupiter 's icy moon of europa is the subject of speculatio .
 tape shows woman dying on waiting room floor <sec> esmin green was involuntarily admitted june 18 for `` agitation and psychosis '' .  kings county hospital center was target of lawsuit over conditions .  tape shows green collapse , convulse and lay still ; workers ignore her .  group says hospital staff falsified records to cover up inciden .
 connecticut teen in remission as forced chemo nears end <sec> cassandra c in remission after nearly 6 months of forced chemo for hodgkin lymphoma .  attorney will ask judge to return teen to her mother 's custody .  teen is no longer opposed to chemotherapy treatment .
 facebook ad celebrates 1 billion users , chairs <sec> facebook celebrates 1 billion users with new video .  the 90-second ad compares the site to other things that bring people together .  among them : bridges , airplanes and chairs .  ceo mark zuckerberg : connecting with others is `` what makes us human .
 halliburton settles nigeria bribery claims for $ 35 million <sec> the allegations date back to the 1990s , when cheney was halliburton 's ceo .  the $ 35 million settlement includes nigeria 's legal fees and expenses .  halliburton was accused of paying up to $ 180 million in bribe .
 tsa takes first steps toward 'trusted travel ' program <sec> tsa announces pilot program .  the plan is to ease screening for travelers who provide additional personal information .  if successful , the program would likely be expanded to more travelers .  the pilot program will begin this fal .
 deep-sea discoveries off canada 's coast <sec> the scientists discovered deep-sea marine life that could shed light on the ocean 's climate .  robotic cameras scoured the ocean bed at a depth of 9,800 feet off the canadian coast .  the research will also help evaluate if the protected areas should be further conserve .
 addiction is not hopeless <sec> substance abuse is a pervasive problem in america ; it is made worse by addiction .  adam brooks : addiction is now known to be a chronic illness that affects the brain .  he says that for addicts , their decision-making processes are short-circuited .  brooks : there is no cure for addiction , but the disease can be manage .
 will pay-per-mile be a buzzkill for american road trips ? <sec> experts : per-mile road tax will replace or supplement fuel tax .  columnist : do n't curtail americans ' love for the open road .  per-mile gps tracking devices spur privacy fear .
 teen becomes youngest to sail solo around world <sec> zac sunderland , 17 , is youngest person to sail around the world alone .  california teen met pirates off the coast of indonesia .  now , teen wants to `` just go chill with my friends .
 no hawkers , beggars in bangladesh city ahead of cricket world cup <sec> bangladesh is one of three countries hosting the cricket world cup .  officials say hawkers and beggars will be removed from dhaka .  an estimated 40 percent of bangladesh 's population lives in povert .
 china 's bo xilai rebuts testimony of police chief key to his downfall <sec> bo xilai slams his former police chief as a `` liar with extremely bad character '' .  trial adjourned after half a day on sunday , to resume for day 5 on monday .  bo facing trial for corruption , embezzlement and abuse of power .  wang says he tried to seek u.s. asylum because he feared for his safet .
 the north korea we rarely see <sec> public images of north korean power contrast with less-seen sights of poverty , hunger .  'family decided to commit suicide because of no food , ' says north korean defector .  more than 1 in 4 north korean children suffered from malnutrition in 2012 .  'the farther from pyongyang , the smaller the people are , ' says koryo tours guid .
 fda changes course on graphic warning labels for cigarettes <sec> fda will design new labels after graphic ones were invalidated in court .  charities say labels would counter tobacco companies 'deception ' .  courts ruled labels violated free speech rights .  numbers of americans smoking has declined , but leveled off in recent year .
 gadhafi son reappears in tripoli , claims father is safe <sec> new : saif al-islam gadhafi appears at tripoli hotel after report of capture .  another of gadhafi 's sons is reported to have escaped .  sporadic fighting persists in tripoli as gadhafi 's whereabouts remain unknown .  scud missile fired from gadhafi 's hometown of sirte ; target undetermine .
 the day i held a sobbing wwii medic in my arms <sec> two-star general credits cnn 's online reporting in preserving wwii legacy .  cnn 's wayne drash filed series of reports in recent months on slave camp soldiers .  350 u.s. soldiers were held at a nazi slave labor camp in 1945 .  the army had never recognized the men until last weeken .
 justices order another look at key health care provision <sec> liberty university claims law means taxpayer dollars will fund abortions .  an appeals court panel had blocked the suit on jurisdictional ground .
 obama keeps his conscience in the closet <sec> biden 's comment about approving of same-sex marriage downplayed by white house .  lz granderson says obama put himself in a fix by ending his support for gay marriage .  he says obama may be right in thinking support of same-sex marriage could hurt at the polls .  granderson : does president want to be on the wrong side of history .
 10 things that might even make a duchess go insane after baby <sec> real moms share advice for kate on what she can expect with new motherhood .  one of the biggest tips for a new mom : sleep when you can ! .  moms advise duchess on how to get prince william to do his share .  when the going gets tough , kate can remember this : motherhood does get easier .
 gunman i.d . 'd in pittsburgh shooting <sec> new : officials search suspect 's apartment , source says .  new : one of five hospitalized patients released .  michael schaab , 25 , died after being shot by the gunman .  those who remain hospitalized are all employees of the psychiatric hospit .
 u.s. navy rescues iranian in capsized boat <sec> the iranian dhow sank in bad weather , a survivor tells the u.s. navy .  several ships searched for another possible survivor , to no avail .  it was the latest in a string of rescues by u.s. personne .
 from 234 pounds to the miss america pageant <sec> bree boyce struggled as a teenager to lose weight and exercise .  she wanted to compete in beauty pageants , but felt her weight prevented her .  boyce lost 112 pounds and heads to miss america pageant next yea .
 dozens of whales rescued from new zealand beach <sec> 40 pilot whales helped back to deep water in golden bay .  10 still at risk and are lingering near the shore , official says .  it 's the fifth large-scale stranding in recent days at the ba .
 somali pirate pleads guilty in maersk alabama hijacking <sec> muse faces maximum sentence of almost 34 years when he is sentenced .  muse apologized for his actions , blamed incident on somali government .  muse 's actual age has been subject of debate since his arrest last yea .
 ad firm head : we were asked about using christie in post-sandy spots <sec> firm with lowest bid for post-sandy campaign was asked about using gov . .  chris christie , it says .  `` we did n't want to commit one way or the other , '' firm president shannon morris says .  all members of the panel that picked the winning firm were part of the christie administration .  morris ' firm lost the contract to a company that charged about $ 2 million mor .
 veteran new wave filmmaker seduces french starlet sagnier <sec> french starlet ludivine sagnier stars in `` the girl cut in two '' .  it tells the story of a young woman who embarks on an affair with an older man .  it was directed by prolific french new wave veteran claude chabrol .  sagnier on chabrol : `` he is a great french director , one of the pioneers .
 officers testify at trial of man accused of killing jennifer hudson 's relatives <sec> new : court is expected to resume at 10:30 a.m. ( 11:30 a.m . .  et ) on wednesday .  new : several gruesome crime scene photographs are entered into evidence .  william balfour is accused of fatally shooting hudson 's mother , brother and nephew .  balfour , the estranged husband of hudson 's sister , has denied the charge .
 can we lock congress out ? <sec> congress looks unlikely to reach a deficit reduction deal by deadline .  dean obeidallah : follow nba owners ' example and lock out members of congress .  the only way to force dramatic change is to limit congressional terms , he says .  obeidallah : stop political posturing , make a deal and revive nation 's econom .
 selena gomez : you are the company you keep <sec> selena gomez has high hopes for new album , `` stars dance '' .  the former disney star says she 's become a woman .  gomez is already recording new songs for her next albu .
 schumer : aig employees should return bonuses or face high tax <sec> new : sen. schumer : we 'll enact a new law that will `` tax bonuses at a very high rate '' aig paid 73 people bonuses of $ 1 million or more each , new york ag reports .  senate majority leader says senate finance committee looking into bonuses .  sen. chris dodd suggests tax provision crafted toward recipients of bonuse .
 a new golden age for egyptian cinema ? <sec> egyptian film industry known as the `` hollywood of the middle east '' .  but strict state censorship has pushed it into a decline for some years .  a new breed of filmmakers are breaking taboos and taking egyptian film global .  `` the yacoubean building '' had a big budget and controversial subject matte .
 $ 2m worth of cocaine found in banana boxes <sec> supermarket employee uncovers 28 kilograms worth of cocaine , police say .  packages were discovered in supermarket in southern germany .  freight came from belgium , originated in colombia , authorities say .  town of market is along route between scandinavia and ital .
 bassem youssef : 'sarcasm is a weapon ' <sec> bassem youssef is known as 'egypt 's jon stewart ' .  he is the host of a popular tv show poking fun at egyptian news and politics .  but his satire has often caused him trouble , and lawsuits have been filed against him .  youssef says comedy is key to rebuilding egyp .
 project kaisei : voyage to clean up the plastic vortex <sec> voyage to the north pacific gyre found plastic in the ocean over 3,500 miles .  plastic vortex has large pieces of plastic and microscopic fragments .  aim of voyage was to learn how to collect the waste and turn into fuel .  project kaisei will embark on another mission next yea .
 villa fires spain past honduras ; chile edge switzerland <sec> spain defeat honduras 2-0 to get their world cup campaign back on track .  barcelona-bound david villa scores both goals for the european champions .  chile top group h after defeating 10-man switzerland 1-0 in port elizabeth .  swiss set a new record for consecutive minutes without conceding a goa .
 what awaits duke and duchess of cambridge in southeast asia ? <sec> duke and duchess of cambridge hope to repeat success of their north america tour .  stops on their itinerary include singapore , malaysia and borneo .  final stop is tuvalu , where prince william 's grandfather , prince philip , is revered as a go .
 sinking island 's nationals seek new home <sec> newly sworn-in maldives president vows to buy land to relocate entire nation .  climate change-threatened indian ocean islands could sink under rising sea levels .  maldives is considering land in sri lanka , india and australia .  island was badly hit by tsunami of 2004 , with more than 100 people dead or missin .
 what 's left for congress in the lame duck ? <sec> the senate still has around two dozen nominees and two policy items to consider .  still unfinished : a reauthorization of the terrorism risk insurance act and the extension of a number of tax breaks .  senators will say their final farewells to their departing colleague .
 to beat isis threat , first understand it ( opinion ) <sec> president obama is right to see isis as a serious threat , writes danielle pletka .  any attempt to tackle isis must start by fully understanding the threat , she says .  we will need allies , and those allies will need support from u.s. , pletka argues .  pletka : any strategy will require sustained commitmen .
 royal baby : please do n't name her diana <sec> as william and kate await the arrival of their second child , speculation is rife as to what he or she will be named .  royal expert victoria arbiter argues that naming a newborn princess after diana would put too much pressure on he .
 india wants gandhi 's glasses back <sec> auction scheduled to take place in new york .  glasses and other items estimated to sell for as much as $ 30,000 .  indian official : india has `` several options '' .  gandhi 's pocketwatch , sandals , bowl , and plate among items on auctio .
 sexual orientation and employment nondiscrimination act : how we got here <sec> act would protect gay , lesbian and transgender employees in the workplace .  1974 : first time legislation banning this type of discrimination is introduced .  1996 : senate takes up employment nondiscrimination act ; it loses in very close vote .  2012 : president barack obama comes out in favor of same-sex marriag .
