 fears for bubble burst after ramallah boom <sec> palestinian economy grew at an average of 7.7 % a year between 2007-2011 .  ramallah is experiencing booming consumer economy as result .  world bank report : economy too heavily based on foreign aid , not sustainable .  if government money goes , no one will have money to spend in my bar , says owne .
 tentative deal reached to fund va health system fixes <sec> senate and house committees have reached a tentative deal to reform the va .  the troubled department was rocked by a waiting list scandal earlier this year .  officials : legislation would `` make the va more accountable .
 look to the good in humankind -- look to heroes , says grieving father <sec> tom teves wants the goodness of humanity , not evil , to be remembered .  alex teves was one of 12 people killed in the aurora , colorado , theater shooting .  `` if you want to describe alex in one word , he was just good , '' his father said .  media focus on violent criminals only encourages others , and insults victims , he say .
 indian family protection law central to emotional custody battle <sec> a cherokee indian man wins custody of his 2-year-old biological daughter .  she 'd been adopted by a south carolina family soon after her birth .  lawyer : the biological father did n't understand the waiver he signed .  a federal law meant to protect indian family breakup is key to the cas .
 guru fights world 's 'poverty of love , ' one hug at a time <sec> mata amritanandamayi 's religion is rooted in hinduism but not tied to it .  she uses hugs as a way to minister to people and teach service to others .  she believes the lack of love is more significant than financial povert .
 box office report : 'brave ' hits the bullseye with $ 66.7 million <sec> `` brave '' led the pack at the box office over the weekend .  disney exec : `` girls kick butt '' .  `` madagascar 3 '' came in secon .
 boats carrying scores of rohingya capsize in myanmar , u.n. says <sec> some survivors have reportedly been found , the u.n. ocha says .  the boats were ferrying rohingya to safer areas as a storm nears , the u.n. says .  the rohingya are a stateless muslim minority who suffered in ethnic violence last year .  a human rights group warns that the rohingya are particularly at risk from the cyclon .
 facts do n't support obama 's charges against romney <sec> obama campaign says mitt romney did n't leave bain when he joined olympics .  david gergen : so far the facts do n't support the obama campaign 's charges .  he says romney has mishandled the response and should release more tax returns .  gergen : obama campaign should back off idea that romney might be guilty of felon .
 at least 40 killed in mexico grenade attack <sec> new : officials say the death toll in grenade attack is up to 40 .  president felipe calderon responds to attack via his twitter account .  grenade attack reported at a casino in monterrey , in northeastern mexico .  up to 30 people thought trapped in the casino because of debri .
 the secret military technology inside the household vacuum robot <sec> roomba creators irobot reveal how they learned from robotic experiments .  the algorithm that powers roomba 's movements was developed for clearing minefields .  co-founder colin angle says irobot originally planned to go to the moon .  the future : a `` menagerie of robots '' -- some friendly , some invisible.. .
 tech check : cyber monday and spotify apps <sec> tech check : coming to terms with cyber monday and spotify music apps .  tech check is the weekly technology podcast from cnn.com .  doug gross , john sutter and stephanie goldberg tackle reader comments about facebook .  the crew also `` fails '' somebody over a new iphone fla .
 hearing scheduled in john edwards ' case after request for delay - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the trial was set to start january 30 after a delay in september .  edwards ' attorneys are asking for 60 more days .  they say they need time to review evidence provided by prosecutor .
 u.s. intercepts french phone calls on a 'massive scale ' <sec> presidents of two nations talk about the report , white house statement says .  u.s. ambassador meets with french diplomats over spying allegations .  le monde : the nsa intercepted more than 70 million french phone calls over 30 days .  a weekend report said the nsa `` systematically '' eavesdropped on the mexican governmen .
 cindy crawford and what real women look like ( opinion ) <sec> carol costello : we all know that real women wo n't be able to sell magazines .  while people are praising cindy crawford 's unaltered photo , the truth is that retouched photos wo n't go awa .
 girl , 3 , starved to death , weighed 11 pounds , cops say ; couple charged <sec> a couple are held in the starvation death of their daughter , 3 .  carlos rivera , 30 , and carmen ramirez , 27 , face third-degree murder , other charges .  four other children were removed from the couple 's philadelphia home , police sai .
 europe 's future depends on franco-german unity <sec> it is 50 years since the leaders of france and germany signed the elysée treaty .  french and german politicians gathered in berlin monday to celebrate the anniversary .  agnes poirier describes france and germany as the european union 's locomotive .  europe 's future depends on their unity of purpose and action , poirier say .
 mumbai suspect requests legal aid from pakistan <sec> mohammad ajmal kasab is only surviving suspect in last month 's attacks .  he is from pakistan 's punjab province , investigators say .  mumbai official says kasab wrote to pakistani embassy seeking legal aid .  his letter also includes a confession , police official say .
 l.a. police use social media to get id help on possible 'grim sleeper ' victims <sec> police post photos taken from collection of serial murders suspect .  public can view them on facebook or twitter .  lonnie david franklin jr. is charged with 10 murders .  police have widened scope of investigation to 230 killing .
 rory mcilroy and phil mickelson fall short in abu dhabi as pablo larrazabal wins <sec> spain 's pablo larrazabal wins the abu dhabi golf championship .  top-10 big guns rory mcilroy and phil mickelson finish an agonising one shot off the lead .  mcilroy says he feels he has a `` moral victory '' after two-stroke penalty on saturday .  mickelson content to play himself into form for 201 .
 cnn student news - may 12 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 ireporters talk about meeting bonds , maris and the babe <sec> baseball 's current and former stars getting ready for all-star game .  ireporters met ruth , bonds , goose gossage and sparky lyle .  got a baseball memory ? .  share it on ireport.co .
 negotiate against , not with isis ( opinion ) <sec> christopher voss : isis is about self-aggrandizement and sensationalism .  isis trades human beings for money , weapons and publicity , voss say .
 'herminator ' maier calls time on skiing career <sec> legendary austrian skier hermann maier ends his illustrious career at age of 36 .  two-time olympic champion has recently recovered from knee surgery in march .  he says he wanted to quit while still in good physical condition .  maier is second-most successful male skier ever with 54 world cup race win .
 syrian general : hundreds of soldiers , police killed by armed gangs <sec> new : security sources say that about 1,000 syrians crossed into lebanon .  syrian military official says 1,300 security personnel wounded .  activists say syrian troops are arresting people returning from refugee camps .  700 `` terrorists '' and their families flee syria for turkey , general say .
 south korea : plane passed through trajectory of north korean rocket <sec> new : china will `` seek verification '' on the matter , an official says .  north korea gave no navigational warning of the launch , south korea says .  the chances of collision were `` extremely low , '' an aviation industry observer says .  north korea says its missile and rocket launches are for training purpose .
 where to eat in new york <sec> check out our favorites , from katz 's to caracas .  visit lombardi 's , the nation 's first pizzeria .  try the papaya and catfish salad at sriprapha .
 can aqaba offer port of calm in middle east storm ? <sec> aqaba is a port city on the rise in southern jordan .  strategic location close to israel and egypt gives it trading edge .  conflict in iraq has brought both uncertainty and opportunit .
 pennsylvania trooper killing : who is eric frein ? <sec> eric matthew frein , 31 , is wanted for the shootings of two pennsylvania police officers .  pennsylvania state police cpl . .  bryon dickson died in the ambush in front of police barracks .  frein was fascinated by the cold war and eastern european armies .  a friend said he had more of a grudge against the federal government than law enforcemen .
 forecast for new congress : gridlock , partisan warfare <sec> mitch mcconnell is set to lead the republican senate and vowed to restore 'regular order ' .  however factors like the 2016 elections may give democrats incentive to block gop efforts .  one question will be how the gop decides to address obama 's health care law .  another issue is immigration though chances look slim for sweeping legislatio .
 florida citrus grower : 'say a prayer ' <sec> citrus grower says fate of his fruit is out of his hands .  cold snap now chilling state is forecast to be unusually long .  louis schacht fears oranges and grapefruit could freeze and be ruine .
 pakistan : 43 civilians die in taliban crossfire <sec> swat valley region used to be a popular destination for tourists and skiers .  taliban are imposing their strict brand of islamic law in the region .  pakistan government criticized for allowing security in swat to deteriorat .
 work completed on mlk memorial <sec> sandblasting completed on king memorial .  that follows removal of controversial passage .  50th anniversary of king speech this mont .
 cnn student news transcript - january 25 , 2013 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 opinion : at holidays , a tip from a gift to sinatra <sec> bob greene : in 1940 's , jimmy van heusen , phil silvers gave personal gift to frank sinatra .  he says it was song `` nancy with the laughing face '' for sinatra 's daughter . .  he prized it .  greene : mulling a good holiday gift ? .  consider homemade : letters , a photo album .  greene : nancy sinatra said her dad moved by gift his whole life . .  the best gifts are like tha .
 nasa 's forays yield earthly spin-offs <sec> many common products can be traced back to research conducted by nasa .  freeze-dried food , artificial limbs , edible toothpaste are among nasa spin-offs .  contrary to rumors , tang , velcro and teflon not developed for space travel .  it has been 40 years since nasa 's apollo 11 mission took man to the moo .
 reinventing the wheel : how guardiola revolutionized football <sec> pep guardiola has enjoyed a trophy-laden spell as barcelona coach .  the former barca player has led the catalan giants to 14 major honors .  guardiola has won plaudits for barca 's devastating passing style .  his final match was friday 's 3-0 copa del rey final win over athletic bilba .
 house democrats unveil health care reform plan <sec> it offers government-funded health insurance option and taxes wealthy .  leaders say it meets obama 's requirements on health care reform .  gop , some fiscally conservative democrats oppose component .
 holidays in somalia ? mogadishu hopes to be tourist hotspot <sec> mogadishu , the capital of war-torn somalia , is experiencing an economic renaissance .  entrepreneurs hope tourists will return to the country .  both real estate and hotel sectors are growing as well as investment optimism .  the resurgence is partly boosted by a returning diaspor .
 debate : football or soccer ? <sec> cnn asks : should the 'beautiful game ' be called football or soccer ? .  the word `` football '' appears in the name of the game 's governing body .  it 's alternative `` soccer '' is still widely used around the worl .
 malaysian airliner passengers , who were they ? <sec> reports of passengers come in from shocked families and friends .  one man discovers two separate friends on the passenger manifest .  chinese relatives in beijing increasingly frustrated as they wait for information .  malaysia airlines offers to fly next of kin to kuala lumpur as the search continue .
 iraqi artist inspired by george w bush shoe thrower <sec> hanaa ' malallah says she left iraq in 2006 after receiving threats from militias .  inspired by iraqi journalist who threw his shoes at george w. bush , she says shoes are her `` resistance '' .  she has joint exhibition with british duo kennardphillipp .
 facebook to launch ipad app at apple 's iphone 5 event <sec> facebook is also expected to release a revamped version of its iphone app .  ipad app , which leaked earlier this year , has been in limbo at facebook for months .  sources say it 's been a combination of timing and a strained relationship with appl .
 asean chief : south china sea risks becoming 'asia 's palestine ' <sec> southeast asia 's top diplomat has warned that the south china sea disputes risk becoming `` asia 's palestine '' .  pitsuwan : could into a violent conflict that draws sharp dividing lines between nations and destabilize region .  beijing has become more assertive about its territorial claims in the south china sea , with vast oil reserves .  china has angered its neighbors by printing a map of its extensive maritime claim in new passport .
 utah man accused of date raping 4 women found dead of apparent suicide <sec> new : his attorney says she was `` completely 100 % shocked by the news '' .  gregory peterson was charged with 25 counts of sexual crimes .  four women allege he assaulted them .  peterson was found dead in his utah cabi .
 users : apple ios 6 maps are a mess <sec> users complain about apple 's new maps feature for iphones and ipads .  users say landmarks have been misplaced , incorrectly named and even lost .  apple 's new maps replaced google maps as the default map application in ios .
 kenyan offers livestock dowry for chelsea clinton <sec> in 2000 , kenyan man offered cows , goats for chelsea clinton 's hand in marriage .  in recent town hall meeting , hillary clinton says she would convey offer to daughter .  godwin kipkemoi chepkurgor is already married , says wife would n't min .
 many bodies recovered in nigeria plane crash not identifiable , official says <sec> united states is sending an investigator to nigeria .  rescuers have accounted for 149 bodies , but many are not identifiable .  the plane was carrying 153 passengers and crew .  it crashed sunday in a crowded lagos neighborhoo .
 as drill nears trapped miners , rescuer hopes for hugs and handshakes <sec> chile 's mining minister says the plan b drill could break through saturday .  brandon fisher of pennsylvania-based center rock inc. is on the plan b drilling team .  he says the miners and their families are inspiring rescuer .
 life 's magic as daniel radcliffe turns 18 <sec> harry potter star daniel radcliffe gets £20m fortune as he turns 18 monday .  young actor says he has no plans to fritter his cash away .  radcliffe 's earnings from first five potter films have been held in trust fun .
 floods leave at least 107 dead in china <sec> flooding in china 's north and south has left at least 107 dead .  three provinces in china 's northeast bore the brunt of the floods .  roads and farmlands have been inundated .  people 's liberation army mobilized to carry out rescue work .
 'bombs for peace ' after slaughter in bosnia <sec> richard holbrooke first went to bosnia in 1992 in the early days of the war .  the former diplomat recommended using u.s. force against the bosnian serbs .  he watched as bosnia 's muslims suffered years of heartbreak and death .  in 1995 , after weeks of nato bombing , holbrooke negotiated an end to the wa .
 search continues for egyptian cobra missing from bronx zoo <sec> officials hope the snake will surface when her comfort level rises .  staffers believe it is still in the reptile building .  the case is similar one at the atlanta zoo last year .  a twitter account chronicling the fictitious adventures of the snake has been create .
 montana teen loved pit bulls , poetry before rape and suicide <sec> mother looks back fondly on daughter 's eccentricities after 2010 suicide .  montana teacher admitted to raping teen numerous times in 2007 .  protests erupt after judge hands down 30-day sentence for stacey rambold .  cherice moralez loves dancing , music , outdoors , reading and poetr .
 donald sterling 's mental capacity not issue for trial <sec> donald sterling and shelly sterling co-own the clippers through a family trust .  shelly sterling moves to sell team after two doctors she hired judged husband 's mental state .  donald sterling refuses to agree to the sale and the matter ends up in probate court .  judge will rule on whether the proper steps to act solely on behalf of the trust were followe .
 as tensions mount , ivorians make the trek to liberia <sec> a few deaths have been reported , including a drowned child .  some people have slogged through the bush for days with little food .  president laurent gbagbo wo n't step down , despite international calls to do s .
 despite political climate , michigan could go either way <sec> gop has n't carried michigan for 20 years .  state 's unemployment rate is 8.5 percent .  new poll shows barack obama , john mccain in tight race in state .  mccain leads in detroit suburbs ; obama has edge among state 's independent .
 d.a . : man killed 2 women with a hammer , believed they were `` witches '' <sec> carlos alberto amarillo , 44 , allegedly killed two women he said were `` witches '' .  a 7-year-old girl , daughter of one of the victims , in the home was not harmed .  amarillo was arraigned on murder charges and ordered to undergo a psychiatric evaluatio .
 this week on marketplace middle east <sec> youth unemployment statistics continue to rise in the region .  ministers recently gathered at the 39th arab labor conference in cairo .  mme talks to former egyptian minister of labor about overcoming this growing issu .
 super bowl surprise : journey to the universe of the center <sec> schulder : most exciting time of football game is between the huddle and the snap .  centers get hit every play , a former player for the buckeyes says .  the center has to process vast amounts of information instantl .
 international firms caught in china 's security web <sec> group : chinese police have required some foreign firms to install internet monitoring devices .  companies in beijing , hebei and shandong risk having their internet cut if they do n't comply .  would allow police to monitor company internet traffic for 'illegal activity ' .  analyst : device could be used to spy on foreign companies for industrial espionag .
 jacqueline mars , candy firm co-owner , was driver in fatal wreck : cops <sec> jacqueline mars was a driver in a fatal car crash , virginia sheriff 's office says .  candy company co-owner 's `` vehicle crossed the center line '' and hit a minivan , police say .  an 86-year-old texas woman in the minivan was killed , 5 others hurt , police say .  `` this tragedy has left jacquie filled with sorrow for the loss of life , '' her spokesman say .
 haitians in u.s. watch earthquake news and worry <sec> new : state department line for those seeking information about loved ones : 1-888-407-4747 .  with phone lines down , haitians in u.s. fret about loved ones on island .  `` we 're watching the news unfold , and i just do n't know what to think , '' woman says .  haiti is most impoverished country in western hemisphere , plagued by violenc .
 google 's predictive search comes to iphone , ipad <sec> google now predicts what information you are likely to want before you look it up .  free update to google search app uses information from your search history and e-mail .  google now is available for the iphone and ipad , 10 months after coming to android .  it shows weather , flight status , traffic estimates , scheduled appointments and sports score .
 is drinking soda really that bad for you ? <sec> sugar sweetened beverage consumption has increased significantly .  men consume on average 178 calories per day from sugar sweetened beverages .  soda often displaces more healthful items in the die .
