 texas a & m ; galveston professor fails entire class <sec> a texas a & m galveston professor said in an email to students he would fail the entire class .  university officials wo n't necessarily stand by failing grades , cnn affiliate kprc report .
 obama urges students to pressure congress on loan rates <sec> tweet your member of congress , president obama tells high school students .  obama wants congress to prevent interest rates on student loans from doubling .  the two parties disagree on how to pay for the move .  the senate votes next week on a democratic versio .
 explainer : what al-libi 's death means for al qaeda <sec> abu yahya al-libi , al qaeda 's deputy leader , was killed by a drone strike , u.s. says .  his death was a `` very serious blow '' to al qaeda , white house says .  drone strikes remain highly controversial because of civilian death .
 obama names first 'climate czar ' for u.s . <sec> nobel-prize physicist steven chu named secretary of energy in obama 's cabinet .  new post created in white house for energy and climate policy coordinator .  obama said he would invest $ 150 billion over 10 years in clean energ .
 man charged in slaying of pregnant soldier <sec> fellow soldier edgar patino arrested at his home in hope mills , north carolina .  he is accused of killing megan lynn touma , 23 .  she was found dead on june 21 in a hotel near fort bragg , north carolin .
 arizona fire recipe : drought , winds , parched grass <sec> new : monument fire in southern arizona is 17 % contained .  the raging wallow fire is 29 % contained .  the wallow fire is arizona 's biggest but not the most destructiv .
 hotels company apparently hacked , exposing guests ' credit cards <sec> krebs : banking sources noticed fraud on the cards of hundreds of past marriott guests .  each of those hotels are managed by white lodging , which maintains hotel franchises .  white lodging says an investigation is underway .  krebs also exposed the target data breach that affected up to 110 million customer .
 suspect in family massacre found dead <sec> schools will reopen in upper perkiomen at regular times .  an injured teen remains in serious condition , with cutting wounds .  bradley william stone appears to die from self-inflicted wounds .  he is suspected of killing his ex-wife and five relative .
 gulbis : female tennis stars `` need to think about kids '' <sec> ernests gulbis says female tennis players need to think about kids when considering career .  female tennis players ca n't have kids until late 20s and `` that 's tough '' gulbis said .  maria sharapova tells reporters not to take gulbis comments seriousl .
 cruise line regrets failure to help stranded panama fishermen <sec> princess cruises is investigating what happened after passengers raised the alert .  one of its cruise ships is accused of failing to come to the aid of the stricken vessel .  cruise line : a communication breakdown meant the captain was n't told of the boat .  a sole survivor , adrian vasquez , 18 , was eventually rescued after 28 days adrif .
 cars searched for clues to missing california girl <sec> new : police say they 've received 477 tips -- 100 on tuesday .  a fourth car near mobile home park is searched for clues .  sandra cantu played with one friend on friday , left for a second friend 's house .  it 's not clear whether she ever got to the second house , family say .
 india to face australia in cricket world cup quarterfinals <sec> india beat the west indies by 80 runs to finish second in group b at world cup .  chennai victory means the co-hosts will next face four-time champions australia .  windies will play group a winners pakistan in wednesday 's opening quarterfinal .  zimbabwe beat fellow minnows kenya by 161 runs in closing group a matc .
 corporate jet crash in germany kills 4 <sec> a plane crashed and burst into flames in western germany .  all four people aboard were killed , police say .  authorities are investigating what caused the cras .
 mauresmo ends glittering tennis career <sec> former world no . .  1 amelie mauresmo announces her retirement from tennis .  the 30-year-old holds an emotional press conference , saying she has lost motivation .  she was the first french player , male or female , to reach the top of the rankings .  but her career has been on a downward spiral since suffering injuries during 200 .
 oscar pistorius says he never picked on reeva steenkamp <sec> `` reeva was never scared of me , '' oscar pistorius tells court .  prosecutor questions pistorius about restaurant gunshot incident .  prosecutor gerrie nel cross-examines pistorius for a second day .  the prosecution has gone through messages between pistorius and steenkam .
 could 'micro-homes ' offer housing solution ? <sec> a city in southern england has transformed shipping containers into compact urban living space .  the cost of homes and rented accommodation has risen sharply in recent years .  some experts believe 'micro homes ' may provide a cost effective and sustainable housing solutio .
 u.n. report : north korea continues banned weapons trade <sec> north korea is doing deals in banned weapons with iran and others , a u.n. report says .  the investigating panel finds `` loopholes '' and `` vulnerabilities '' exploited by north korea .  `` prohibited ballistic missile-related items '' are suspected to have been traded with ira .
 chinese space debris hits russian satellite , scientists say <sec> the collision has rendered the russian satellite , used to reflect laser beams , unusable .  the debris is left over from a 2007 chinese missile launch on their own weather satellite .  the collision happened january 22 but was only discovered last month .  the incident highlights the problem of collisions involving space debri .
 u.s. contractor accused of 'deviant hazing ' <sec> watchdog : contractor providing security guards allowed `` deviant hazing , humiliation '' .  video showed naked man , another man apparently drinking liquid poured down back .  watchdog warns sec . .  of state clinton of security threat posed by behavior .  armorgroup , north america has contract until july 201 .
 george zimmerman wo n't be charged in domestic dispute , prosecutor says <sec> zimmerman 's lawyer : `` justice prevailed '' .  but `` there is no reasonable likelihood of successful prosecution , '' he says .  this week , zimmerman 's girlfriend said she did n't want him to be charged .  zimmerman was arrested in november after a dispute at her hom .
 court records : search of hernandez 's apartment reveals new evidence <sec> police search an apartment leased by aaron hernandez .  acquaintance carlos ortiz told police about the place , search warrant says .  ammunition and a white sweatshirt are among the items taken from the apartment .  hernandez has pleaded not guilty to premeditated murder in lloyd 's june 17 killin .
 meet zhang xin , a chinese real estate mogul who 's richer than oprah <sec> zhang xin runs china 's largest real estate developer with her husband .  worth $ 3.6 billion , she is the world 's seventh richest self-made woman .  she grew up in poverty during china 's cultural revolutio .
 former 400m world champion montsho fails drugs test <sec> botswana 's amantle montsho fails drugs test .  montsho tests positive for banned stimulant at commonweath games .  montsho is a former world 400m champion .  usain bolt to highlight final day of track and field at game .
 4 nato troops killed in 'insider ' attack in afghanistan <sec> the attack involves suspected afghan police , an official says .  the nationalities of the troops killed are not immediately released .  on saturday , two british troops are killed by an afghan police office .
 men and women play juvenile games <sec> waka kickball started more than a decade ago by a few friends is now in 33 states .  the 2009 world yo-yo contest will attract more than 150 adults this year .  hundreds of adult soapbox racers will wear costumes to race in portland , oregon .  `` rejuvenile '' author noxon says childhood pastimes are becoming more acceptabl .
 navy 's newest fighter makes first carrier landing <sec> an f-35c lands aboard the uss nimitz .  the navy hopes to have the jet operational by 2018 .  variants of the f-35 are also in the works for the air force and marine .
 opinion : is genetic testing humans playing god ? <sec> robert klitzman : testing to screen embryos of gene mutations raises ethical issues .  klitzman : the upside is it can eliminate mutations that cause untreatable diseases .  but this technology can be abused and some may use it for selective breeding , he says .  klitzman : we need to know where to draw the line and not cross over into eugenic .
 social media howls after errant 't ' spells loss on jeopardy <sec> jeopardy ruling set off social media furor .  thomas hurley iii placed second , winning $ 2,000 .  on the same episode , skyler hornback set the all-time record for kids with $ 66,60 .
 why kate winslet named her son bear blaze <sec> kate winslet chose a surprising name for her third child .  she explains on `` ellen '' that there 's a reason for the unique combination .  the baby will not have his father 's eccentric last name , howeve .
 inside a bangladesh garment factory that plays by the rules <sec> factories that follow the rules worry about an unfair backlash from the rana plaza disaster .  since 2005 , almost 2,000 garment workers have been killed in accidents .  all of them have occurred at factories with little oversight .  the savar disaster has spurred retailers , the industry and the government into actio .
 obama concludes africa trip <sec> in obama 's last stop on an african visit , he pushes for partnerships on energy .  he also attended a wreath-laying ceremony with former president george w. bush .  the ceremony was at the memorial for those killed in a 1998 terror attac .
 5 super bowl moments to talk about monday <sec> the game came down to a controversial play in the end zone .  women with amazing vocals inspired and entertained .  jacoby jones scores two remarkable touchdowns .  some commercials touched hearts , others were me .
 swim club president denies racism in pool controversy <sec> swim club president john duesler : `` it was never our intention to offend anyone '' .  `` he knows what happened at the pool that day , '' day care director counters .  duesler : club is `` very diverse , '' and had reached out because area pools had closed .  duesler says club 's board has yet to decide whether to reinstate center 's contrac .
 chelsea win champions league after penalty shoot out drama in munich <sec> chelsea beat bayern in penalty shoot out to win champions league .  thomas mueller put bayern ahead in 83rd minute .  didier drogba equalized for chelsea with two minutes left .  drogba scores winning penalty in 4-3 shoot out victory for epl sid .
 irving berlin 's gift of 'god bless america ' <sec> bob greene : who walks away from $ 10 million ? .  the composer of `` god bless america '' did .  russian-born songwriter irving berlin saw it as `` his gift to the nation he adored , '' says greene .  berlin arranged for the song 's royalties to be given away in perpetuity , greene says .  greene : for 70 years , the money has been donated to boy scout and girl scout program .
 'fantastic four ' reboot : what do we think ? <sec> `` fantastic four '' is rebooting after the 2005 and 2007 films .  20th century fox unveiled a much-anticipated teaser trailer on tuesday .  fans had a decidedly mixed reaction on social medi .
 larry hagman , the man behind iconic villain j.r. ewing , dies <sec> new : larry hagman reveled in the role of j.r. ewing , his co-stars say .  new : hagman died of complications from cancer , his family said .  the statement was posted on hagman 's official web site .  hagman was best known as iconic villain j.r. ewing of `` dallas .
 magnitude-5.9 earthquake hits mexico <sec> there are no immediate reports of damage or injuries .  it struck mexico 's pacific coast , in the state of michoacan .  the earthquake was felt in mexico cit .
 jockey dettori cleared to return after six-month cocaine ban <sec> jockey frankie dettori cleared to return to competitive action .  france galop lift his suspension for cocaine use .  dettori gave a positive test at longchamp last september .  will return to action at epsom derby meeting frida .
 france 's sarkozy questioned over illegal campaign fund claims <sec> new : former president nicolas sarkozy questioned over funding for his 2007 campaign .  l'oreal cosmetics heiress liliane bettencourt is suspected of illegally helping him .  bettencourt , 90 , is france 's richest woman .  sarkozy 's former labor minister eric woerth and others have also faced scrutin .
 a friend remembers civil rights photographer ernest withers <sec> civil rights photographer ernest withers was revealed in 2010 to be an fbi informant .  his friend , martha huie , says withers was n't a traitor .  withers maintained a long love of art and photography , but never became wealthy from his wor .
 missing american journalist 's parents : send our son home from syria for christmas <sec> marc and debra tice : `` we urge you , whoever you are : let austin come home for christmas '' .  austin tice last contacted his family on august 13 while in syria .  the state department has said it believes he was detained by syrian officials .  the syrian government has said it does n't know where the journalist i .
 analysis : the gop 's existential foreign policy battle <sec> when the war in iraq started 11 years ago , many republicans in the house supported it .  now it appears many house republicans opposes military action in syria .  more than a decade of war in iraq and afghanistan has led to noninterventionist views in gop .  john mccain favors intervention , rand paul does not , and marco rubio is in betwee .
 polar bear plunges bring warmth to winter <sec> polar bear plunges are held all across the united states to raise money for special olympics .  a plunge consists of jumping into a body of water during the winter .  maryland raised the most money of all the states in 201 .
 review : 'wreck-it ralph ' <sec> `` wreck-it ralph 's '' ralph is voiced with hangdog perfection by john c. reilly .  the story itself risks getting overly sweet at this point , but miraculously it never melts into a syrupy wash .  there are more videogame cameos and winks than you can shake a wiimote a .
 'il divo ' lifts the lid on italian corruption <sec> paolo sorrentino 's `` il divo '' chronicles the career of italian politician guilio andreotti .  seven time prime minister was implicated in 1990s political corruption scandal .  film is a psychological study of man who has fascinated italy for years .  sorrentino found it hard to fund the film because people were scared of andreott .
 louisiana mayor indicted , accused of taking bribes <sec> louisiana mayor faces up to 65 years in prison .  he 's accused of accepting bribe .
 the only cuba i 've ever known <sec> cnn 's katia hetter has cuban ancestry but has never visited cuba .  she will celebrate christmas with her cuban-american relatives in miami .  hetter : i want to visit my mother 's cuban hometow .
 incredible photos of secret abandoned palaces in poland <sec> former history teacher patrycja makowska specializes in photographing dereliction .  makowska refuses to reveal the location of the buildings , saying they should be forgotten .  her images show vast ornate ballrooms , swirling spiral staircases and elegant chapels strewn with rubbl .
 japan eyes possible damage to spent nuclear fuel <sec> new : radiation levels at unit 4 `` most probably '' came from debris , a japanese official said .  new : the march tsunami will set a new standard for japaneses nuclear plants .  samples show high radiation levels in unit 4 's spent fuel pool .  another vegetable ban lifte .
 why ideas festivals are like 'intellectual viagra ' <sec> from ted conferences to south by southwest , ideas festivals are booming .  names not numbers has been described as `` intellectual viagra '' .  day conferences `` not conducive to fostering really brilliant ideas , '' says names not numbers founder julia hobsbawm .  these events are highly prized by some employers for professional developmen .
 horror in happy valley : paterno must go <sec> roxanne jones is a proud penn state alum , former nittany lions cheerleader .  penn state sports had squeaky-clean reputation ; jones defended it through thick or thin .  jones : coach joe paterno must step down , it is inexcusable he did not tell authorities .  if this is true , it is far worse than any infractions seen at other universities , she write .
 ukraine 'will never accept ' crimea annexation , president says <sec> `` we offer peace , and russia offers war , '' ukraine 's prime minister tells cnn .  eu sanctions 21 russians ; u.s. announces sanctions on 11 .  putin recognizes breakaway crimean republic .  u.s. sanctions `` a great honor , '' putin adviser say .
 violence escalates in ivory coast <sec> violence spreads to ivory coasts political capital .  gbagbo 's government accuses u.n. troops of killing a police officer .  gbagbo minister calls for the liberation of the hotel where opposition leader i .
 weight loss success : loves food but lost weight <sec> akilah monifa went from more than 400 pounds to 178 .  her sleep apnea is gone , and she does n't need high blood pressure medicine .  actually tasting her food and really seeing herself made the differenc .
 usain bolt to retire after 2016 olympics <sec> sprint king usain bolt says he will retire after the 2016 olympics in rio de janeiro .  bolt has won 14 gold medals combined at the olympics and world championships .  the jamaican owns the world record in both the 100 and 200 meters .  he achieved another individual sprint double in moscow last mont .
 report : anarchist group says it is behind mail bombs at rome embassies <sec> new : a note sent with the bombs mentions a protester killed in greece , state-run media says .  an anarchist group claims responsibility for the bombings at the swiss , chilean embassies .  a greek official disputes an italian minister 's claim that the bombs originated in greece .  two people were injured , one seriously , in the blasts , according to polic .
 another battery incident troubles boeing 's 787 dreamliner <sec> new : japan airlines hands over 787 battery unit to boeing for investigation .  the ntsb says it 's ready to assist japanese officials in the probe .  a smoking battery was reported aboard a japan airlines 787 dreamliner tuesday .  fears of overheating batteries prompted 787s to be grounded worldwide a year ag .
 guatemala seeks to slow exodus of babies to u.s . <sec> guatemala has long been a source of relatively fast , uncomplicated adoptions .  but adoptions to u.s. parents are supposed to cease as of january 1 , 2008 .  officials in both countries are concerned about abuses in the adoption system .  still , the u.s. says last year 's 4,000-plus adoptions are untainte .
 frustrated locals not waiting for ok to stop oil <sec> residents and vacationers in okaloosa county in florida are starting to spot tar balls and oiled wildlife on their beaches . .  county commissioners voted to respond to the oil spill with their own plans , regardless of whether unified command approved . .  unified command sped up approval of their plans and will meet with commissioners this week .
 have n't been following the jodi arias trial ? read this <sec> jodi arias ' murder trial began in january .  she is accused of murdering her boyfriend nearly five years ago .  she claims she acted in self-defens .
 norman foster 's superyacht <sec> famous architect norman foster has designed a new superyacht .  `` ocean emerald '' has a top speed of 17.5 knots .  it will be co-owned by investors laying down an initial $ 2.6 million paymen .
 jesse jackson jr. , wife plead guilty to charges involving campaign funds - cnnpolitics.com <sec> lawyer says sandra jackson accepts responsibility for `` mistakes in judgment '' .  jesse jackson jr. says `` i 'm sorry i let everybody down '' as he leaves the courthouse .  sandra jackson failed to declare more than $ 600,000 ; money was from campaign .  prosecutor says jesse jackson jr. betrayed public trus .
 commentary : why did feds give spitzer a pass ? <sec> sunny hostin : ashley dupre was advised not to talk about eliot spitzer .  hostin says the ex-governor was treated leniently by the u.s. attorney .  she says prostitution is not a victimless crime and should be punished .  hostin : why did the u.s. attorney give spitzer a complete pass .
