 the man behind maria sharapova 's millions <sec> tennis star maria sharapova is the world 's highest-paid female athlete . .  max eisenbud has been working with the russian since she was 12 .  she says he does `` everything for me '' from organizing travel to brokering deals .  eisenbud has also helped her tennis rival li na become a top-earning athlet .
 lockerbie relative : grieve mh17 with love , not revenge <sec> essence of tragedy of mh17 is suffering of relatives , writes father of a lockerbie victim .  lust for revenge is natural , but self-defeating , jim swire writes .  swire : we do n't have to hate the perpetrators ; christ taught us to love our enemies .  we should seek justice and truth through international criminal court , he add .
 suspected new eta chief captured <sec> french police arrest suspected new military chief of eta .  eta is blamed for more than 800 deaths in its long fight for independence .  eta has traditionally used france as a base for logistics to carry out attack .
 tens of thousands demonstrate in europe over spending cuts <sec> new : 80,000 trade unionists march in brussels to tell governments `` put people first '' .  new : thousands turn out in marches to support general strike in spain .  demonstrations are planned in almost a dozen countrie .
 amanda knox 's parents say their daughter is no killer <sec> parents of amanda knox say they still hope murder trial will acquit their daughter .  they say they do n't recognize the vengeful killer portrayed by the prosecution in italy .  knox 's parents say they know they 're luckier than parents of victim meredith kerche .
 disrespect of obama hits new low <sec> on monday , 47 republican senators sent an open letter to iran .  sally kohn : only most extreme example of dishonor and disrespec .
 romanian mayor 's nazi uniform provokes outrage <sec> jewish organizations call for a romanian official to resign .  mayor wore a nazi uniform during a fashion show .  radu mazare said he did not notice nazi swastika symbol on the unifor .
 6.7 earthquake strikes off chile 's pacific coast <sec> a tsunami was generated , the pacific tsunami warning center says .  residents move to higher ground as tsunami alerts sound .  officials say there 's no widespread destructive tsunami threat .  the quake 's epicenter was 35 kilometers from iquique , chil .
 eyewitness testimony often lies <sec> laura wexler : 7 out of 9 witnesses recanted testimony against troy davis .  studies find witness testimony notoriously unreliable , she says , including in photo lineups .  wexler , whose specialty is photos and memory , made incorrect id of suspect .  wexler : fear and emotion play a large role in whether you recognize a suspec .
 europe 's most fascinating border towns <sec> too rushed , poor or lazy to tour the continent ? .  here are places to cut corners .  the slovakian capital of bratislava was for 300 years the capital of the hungarian kingdom .  french influence is prominent in san sebastian , spain .  russian revolutions , czars and finnish migrants have left their mark on small kirkenes in norwa .
 missing australian teen found 'covered in leeches ' <sec> australian teenager found after spending two months in the bush .  last seen leaving his family home on november 27 .  spotted by two hikers in dense bushland near his home .  winched by rescue helicopter to hospital , reunited with famil .
 opinion : christie 's bogus 'stages of grief ' <sec> elisabeth kubler-ross first named 5 grief stages to help with death , says peggy drexler .  she says christie 's casting himself as victim , invoking grief stages over scandal , is a first .  drexler : he spoke of own humiliation , sadness . .  left out those affected by traffic tie-up .  drexler : `` seek sympathy , '' `` blame others '' are not stages , but `` ask forgiveness '' work .
 oscar pistorius defense rests ; trial resumes in august <sec> closing arguments will begin august 7 .  the athlete is accused of deliberately shooting his girlfriend , reeva steenkamp .  he says he shot steenkamp accidentally in his bathroom , mistaking her for an intrude .
 investigation under way in new york copter crash <sec> new : the experienced commercial pilot had 2,200 hours of flight time .  new : a team of 15 ntsb members are investigating .  the victim -- a british citizen from sydney -- was traveling with family members and friend .  three others escaped after the helicopter sank in the east rive .
 uva suspends fraternities after rape claim <sec> university of virginia students to hold news conference monday morning .  the university 's board of visitors will meet tuesday to discuss policies on sex assault .  in a rolling stone article , a student said she was gang raped at a fraternity party .  the university of virginia has suspended all fraternal parties until january .
 court : amish sect leader can afford to pay for attorney <sec> amish men 's beards and amish women 's hair is a symbol of their faith .  samuel mullet sr. makes $ 2 million on an oil-and-gas deal .  authorities say mullet `` exercised control '' over his amish sect .  five incidents occurred between september and november , justice department say .
 spain 's youth asks : why is there money for banks and not for us ? <sec> julio embid : spaniards want to know how much money bankia needs .  as bankia sucks up financial aid spaniards wait to hear news of welfare state cuts .  people find it confusing that there is no money for healthcare , but enough to rescue banks .  people will probably wait until summer is over to resume protests and strike .
 supreme court to weigh girl 's custody case <sec> dispute involves father in georgia and mother and girl in scotland .  case tests bounds of international treaty over custody rights .  an eventual ruling could establish an important preceden .
 clinton hits milestone in trying to clear campaign debt <sec> hillary clinton owes $ 2.3 million in campaign debt from failed 2008 presidential bid .  her campaign committee reported having $ 2.6 million in bank at end of march .  clinton ally james carville recently sent fundraising e-mail to democrat .
 yong nam profile <sec> yong nam is the ceo of lg electronics .  he joined the company in 1976 and spent time in the u.s . .  he speaks fluent english , japanese and his native korea .
 white house to talk concussion prevention at summit <sec> nfl , professional athletes and others to discuss brain injury prevention .  healthy kids and safe sports concussion summit grew from president 's conversations .  young athletes log 250,000 emergency room visits for brain injuries , white house say .
 canada shooting : how secure is parliament building ? <sec> the nation 's seat of power has various layers of security jurisdictions .  canada is grappling with finding a balance between security and public access to the building .  in the past two decades , it has intensified security in government building .
 former boyfriend : casey anthony did n't tell me caylee was missing <sec> new : casey anthony 's then-boyfriend : she was `` having a grand old time '' .  new : neighbor testifies anthony asked to borrow a shovel just after child disappeared .  anthony lived with her boyfriend for a month before the child was reported missing .  anthony is accused of killing the 2-year-old in 200 .
 s. korea president says nation 's survival depends on unity <sec> president lee myung-bak tells south koreans `` we need to stand together '' .  he spoke monday in a national radio address .  lee says : `` our lives and the survival of the nation '' depend on national unit .
 'the bachelorette ' : what we can expect from andi dorfman <sec> andi dorfman is the new `` bachelorette '' .  some people are thrilled with the pick , while others are n't so sure .  the author believes she 'll bring some normalcy to the serie .
 governor andrew cuomo on ebola : i 'll ride subway <sec> new york gov . .  andrew cuomo says he plans to ride either the a , l or 1 train on friday .  craig spencer , a doctor in new york , tested positive or ebola on thursda .
 opinion : gun debate ? what gun debate ? <sec> mark o'mara : america appears to have settled its gun debate .  he says inflexible owners must view school shooting as collateral of `` right '' to bear arms .  he says we do n't further restrict drinking because of dwi . .  have we made that deal on guns ? .  o'mara : face it : restricting guns wo n't hurt constitution , cause anarchy ; it will protect u .
 shaheen holds on to new hampshire senate seat <sec> democratic sen. jeanne shaheen won a second term , defeating gop challenger scott brown .  brown previously represented massachusetts in the senate , but lost re-election in 2012 .  brown had tried to nationalize the race , focusing on obama 's handling of ebola , isis and immigratio .
 explosion kills 5 people near bus station in nigeria <sec> the blast occurred in azare town in bauchi state .  police : it 's too early to tell whether boko haram militants are behind i .
 beauty contest for cows , chickens <sec> the national western stock show has taken place in denver for over a century .  it 's part state fair , part rodeo .  there are beauty contests for livestock , even chickens and rooster .
 egyptian officer suspected of being 'the eye hunter , ' shooting protesters <sec> at least 5 protesters have been shot in the eye , authorities say .  protesters call the suspect `` the eye hunter '' and have fliers with his image .  an interior ministry spokesman calls him a `` highly trained marksman '' .  two of the victims recall being shot , including one who has lost both eye .
 cnn student news transcript : october 14 , 2009 <sec> map out the next steps for a health care plan after a senate committee vote .  explore the math on a u.s. commander 's request for more troops in afghanistan .  visit an old-fashioned ice cream parlor that 's serving up the kitchen sin .
 sarah murnaghan : lung transplant giving her chance to live her dreams <sec> sarah 's cystic fibrosis made family think she would n't live past 10 .  groundbreaking lung transplant lets her see 11th birthday , look to years ahead .  her parents say they 'll keep up the fight to include children on adult transplant list .
 cousteau reports from florida everglades <sec> philippe cousteau returns with the latest installment of cnn 's going green series .  the environmentalist reports from the florida everglades on the ongoing eco-restoratio .
 physicians group labels obesity a disease <sec> the american medical association adopts a new policy on obesity .  the change diagnoses nearly one-third of americas with a medical condition .  ama decision could increase funding for future research , doctor reimbursemen .
 vivek murthy , america 's new surgeon general ( opinion ) <sec> david gergen : senate 's vote to confirm vivek murthy a plus for public health .  he says nomination had been unfairly stalled by nra opposition .  murthy will play important role in future challenges like the ebola outbreak , he say .
 cnn student news - october 17 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call . .  the weekly newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the new .
 sotomayor : gop cries racism , dems cry foul <sec> some republicans call supreme court nominee sonia sotomayor a reverse racist .  gop leaders avoid that stance ; `` we should not demagogue race , '' one says .  dems say the charge is over the line and sotomayor deserves chance to answer .  legal experts say sotomayor 's case record on race is not very controversia .
 mystery surrounds arrest of isis leader 's 'wife ' <sec> there are conflicting reports on many details about the woman detained in lebanon .  some intelligence officials have said she 's the isis leaders ' wife , others say an ex-wife .  a source tells cnn she was with a son , but other reports suggest it was a daughte .
 brazilian president 's u.s. state visit postponed over alleged spying <sec> brazil has protested reports of us surveillance of president dilma rousseff 's phone , e-mail .  obama has promised to look into matter , but white house says it will take months .  brazil not happy with situation ; obama , rousseff talked on monday to try and work it out .  both government 's say decision to postpone state visit reached jointly ; will be reschedule .
 giffords ' house seat heads to recount as gop lead dwindles <sec> the race for former rep. gabby giffords ' seat is down to the wire .  incumbent rep. ron barber , d-arizona , trails his gop opponent martha mcsally by 161 votes .  a recount will be complete by tuesday , december 1 .
 vfw condemns quran-burning plan <sec> richard eubank : pastor 's plan to burn qurans on 9-11 endangers u.s. soldiers , tourists , diplomats .  it will undo all goodwill america has built up , eubank argues , for generations to come .  dangerous extremists will exploit the act planned by u.s. religious extremists , he says .  `` america is not at war with islam '' is not politically correct , eubank says ; it is tru .
 a nuclear showdown over iran , on capitol hill - cnnpolitics.com <sec> republicans are poised to wield their new senate majority to push new iran sanctions .  but the fight is n't won as a presidential veto looms and opponents gear up to stave off a veto-proof majority .  republicans will need 15 democrats to sign on for a veto-proof majority , including 7 who backed off last year or did n't sign on at al .
 wind blows players and schedule off course at women 's british open <sec> play abandoned after one hour 18 minutes on day two of women 's british open .  high winds at the royal liverpool golf club make play impossible .  round two will take place on saturday ; rounds three and four on sunday , weather permittin .
 golf : rory mcilroy on top of the world ... again <sec> rory mcilroy is back on top of golf 's world rankings .  the northern irishman won the world golf championships event in akron , ohio .  it was the first tournament mcilroy had played since winning the british open .  mcilroy is favorite to win this week 's u.s. pga championshi .
 chinese and japanese ships cluster around disputed islands <sec> new : a group of boats carrying japanese nationalists has since left the area .  the number of chinese ships near the disputed islands is the largest yet , japan says .  the `` potential for escalation has increased , '' a recent analysis says .  nearly 170 japanese lawmakers visit a controversial war memoria .
 east german trabant to make unlikely comeback as eco-car <sec> relic of communist east germany to be revived as eco-friendly city car .  new electric trabant to be unveiled at international motor show in frankfurt .  car was once the only vehicle available in east before fall of berlin wall .  trabi enthusiasts admire the car 's simplicity , ability to make running repair .
 u.s. delaying millions in aid to somalia , u.n. says <sec> washington reviewing claims that money is being diverted to militant group .  u.n. estimates 60 percent of people who need aid live in militant-controlled areas .  millions could run out of food in the next few weeks , u.n. say .
 palestinian teen killing : israel arrests suspects <sec> new : at least eight palestinian militants were killed in gaza airstrikes , hamas sources say .  aunt of beaten teen says he does n't really understand what 's going on , is scared .  mother of dead palestinian teen wants israel to raze suspects ' homes .  the boy 's cousin was released from detention sunday and is on house arres .
 opposition group accuses syrian government of using 'vacuum bombs ' <sec> new : death toll rises to 149 , opposition activists say , after days of grim tolls .  state media : government forces killed `` terrorists '' in deir ezzor and outside damascus .  the opposition says the government is using vacuum and cluster bombs .  shells and bombs are thundering in and around damascus , the opposition say .
 a napkin ring , other odd things that sparked celeb engagement rumors <sec> clooney 's rep says canalis put a napkin ring on her finger as a joke .  johansson denied being engaged after she was spotted at a bridal shop in l.a . .  rafaeli was caught wearing an engagement ring a few months bac .
 a day in the life of a teacher in rural china <sec> cai hanyun teaches at a rural middle school in yunnan , southwest china .  she says many students drop out before the end of compulsory schooling .  many of her students ' parents can not write their own name .
 presidential jinx for big ten graduates <sec> for 28 years , america 's president has been either a harvard or yale alumnus .  bob greene notes that big ten grads have never been voted president .  he says even the cubs won a world series , and susan lucci won an emmy .  big ten university presidents predict the drought will end one of these day .
 democrats ' only choice : defend hillary clinton <sec> gloria borger : democratic party has no real alternative for 2016 and its bench is painfully thin .  she says it may not be fun , but democrats have no choice but to defend clinton on issues like the email questio .
 who says women do n't care about wages ? <sec> sandra fluke : women care about wages as much as men do ; they want to be paid fairly .  on equal pay day , women still make 77 cents for every dollar that men make , she says .  fluke : more families will be supported by women than men , making issue more crucial .  fluke pushes equal pay for equal work , higher minimum wage , guaranteed sick day .
 roethlisberger wo n't appeal suspension <sec> pittsburgh steelers quarterback wo n't appeal six-game suspension .  ben roethlisberger also apologizes to his teammates and his fans .  woman had accused him of raping her in a milledgeville , georgia , bar .  da on not pursuing charges : `` we do not prosecute morals . .  we prosecute crimes . .
 what obama said tuesday night <sec> during tuesday 's state of the union address , president obama touches on a number of issues .  he challenges congress to work through differences for the good of the country .  he speaks emotionally about gun violence and the right to vot .
 former chinese police chief charged with defection , bribe-taking <sec> wang lijun in february sought asylum in a u.s. consulate , sparking a political crisis .  he is charged with defection , bribe-taking , abusing his power and covering up a murder .  wang , 52 , was a right-hand man of prominent politician bo xilai , a fallen political leader .  he `` is probably the most hated '' figure among beijing leadership for going to the american .
 grand jury could rule friday in michael brown death <sec> grand jury could rule in officer darren wilson 's case by friday , source say .  st. louis police chief says his officers are ready for reaction when grand jury rules .  grand jury weighs evidence to determine whether wilson will face charges .  wilson fatally shot an unarmed michael brown in august , setting off protest .
 is 160 enough ? one indian man 's family <sec> one man in india is the patriarch of a family of 160 in rural india .  ziona , who only goes by his first name , has 39 wives , 86 children and 35 grandchildren . .  ziona 's father , chana , founded the christian sect in baktwang that promotes polygamy .  `` i never wanted to get married but that 's the path god has chosen for me .
 fiscal cliff debate shifts to campaign-style tactics <sec> house speaker boehner also launches a series of events .  president obama takes his tax message to the public , again .  uncertainty over a deal to avoid the fiscal cliff causes market jitters .  tax hikes and spending cuts loom without a deal in the next five week .
 can hillary clinton escape her fame ? <sec> gloria borger : hillary clinton 's team is doing all it can to make her appear relatable to ordinary people .  she asks if the most famous woman in the world can really connect with ordinary voters .
 ex-cop builds robot to 'snatch kids back from abyss ' <sec> ex-cop builds a humanoid robot called hex made from electrical appliances .  the self-taught robot maker spent over two decades in police force in baltimore .  robot weighs 50 pounds and has a clock radio for a head and cooking trays for feet .  walking robot can help kids learn about robotics , says mark haygoo .
 florida 'hiccup girl ' found guilty of murder <sec> jennifer mee , 22 , is found guilty of first-degree murder in a man 's slaying .  she met the victim online and lured him to a home , where he was robbed and killed .  2 of her roommates were also arrested in the crime .  mee shot to prominence in 2007 for her prolonged bout of hiccup .
