 suicide bomber devastates shiite enclave in pakistan , killing 83 <sec> new : the banned sunni militant group lashkar-e-jhangvi claims responsibility .  at least 83 people are killed and 180 wounded near quetta , police say .  a suicide bomber drove more than 800 kilograms of explosives into a marketplace .  police : the blast targeted shiite muslims and destroyed four building .
 argentina and colombia end with 10-men after fiery draw <sec> argentina held 0-0 by colombia in world cup qualifier .  both teams finish with 10 men in fiery clash .  draw moves colombia into second in southam standings .  united states score 2-1 win over jamaica in concacaf qualifyin .
 facing your fears head on <sec> mike wilber was afraid of flying and of swimming in the ocean .  with the fit nation team , he learned to face his fears and fight back .  follow mike 's journey training for a triathlon on twitter @ trihardmik .
 obama to sign cybersecurity executive order , source says <sec> the order will provide standards for companies operating critical infrastructure .  it also aims to enable data exchange between the private sector and the government .  source says the administration still wants congress to pass cybersecurity legislatio .
 more gun mayhem -- and yet we wait for action <sec> lz granderson : tragic shootings take place in alabama , chicago , phoenix .  one takes the life of a 15-year-old days after she performed in inauguration .  he says things were supposed to change after the horror of newtown .  granderson : and yet we wait for things like universal background checks for gun .
 thanksgiving gratitude for the ones at the table , and those absent <sec> the loss of a grandmother led to reflection on family and gratitude , alicia stewart writes .  thanksgiving can be a time to honor family with new rituals .  appreciate loved ones and share with them your love while they are alive , the author say .
 one million displaced as typhoon slams into china <sec> storm made landfall in the coastal area of beibi town in fujian province .  morakot 's winds were clocked at 118 kilometers per hour ( 73 mph ) in its eye .  nearly 1 million people evacuated from fujian and zhejiang provinces .  another typhoon hit west japan on monday , with 12 people confirmed dea .
 does cutting u.s. nukes really matter ? <sec> obama proposes negotiated nuclear weapons cuts with russia .  the u.s. is moving nuclear weapons to better platforms , increasing their accuracy .  critic : better platforms undercut the spirit of obama 's promise to move away from nukes .  cutting nukes will force targeting of civilians instead of military targets , says nuclear analys .
 vatican sends threat over women priests <sec> vatican threatens to excommunicate anyone who ordains a woman as a priest .  women who are ordained also face immediate excommunication .  opponents predict church 's resistance will backfir .
 malawi halts nursing brain drain <sec> malawi 's innovative national program lifts nurses out of poverty .  since 2001 the external brain drain has slowed to a trickle .  many challenges still remain as the public health service is deplete .
 jewish group chides biden for using term 'shylocks ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> biden says use of term considered offensive was a `` poor choice '' .  vice president joe biden used the term `` shylocks '' in a speech tuesday .  the term is considered anti-semitic .  a large jewish group said biden `` should have been more careful .
 south african killed in yemen taught poor children <sec> aid organization posted videos from his wife prior to his death .  yolande korkie said her husband was a `` respected teacher '' .  south african media reported the couple had worked in yemen for four years .  they were kidnapped in 2013 ; she was freed in januar .
 pedrosa edges teammate stoner for french motogp pole <sec> dani pedrosa claims pole for the french motgp .  spaniard edges out honda teammate casey stoner at le mans .  title challenger jorge lorenzo on second row .  italian legend valentino rossi seventh fastest on the ducat .
 critical mass : 'pompeii ' does n't exactly blow the critics away <sec> `` game of thrones '' actor kit harrington stars in the film .  `` pompeii '' is a 3-d disaster film .  the film is getting mixed review .
 elbaradei : morsy 's ouster was needed so egypt can not 'fail ' <sec> mohamed elbaradei calls president morsy 's ouster `` a recall '' .  he said the military risked civil war if it did n't do what it did .  muslim brotherhood has a place in egypt going forward , he says .  `` we can not afford egypt to fail , '' says the nobel peace prize winne .
 judge orders lesbian air force nurse reinstated <sec> new : air force : `` witt 's discharge was fully consistent with the law '' .  the judge says witt 's discharge violated constitutional due process rights .  she was a decorated flight nurse with 20 years of service .  judge : her dismissal did not promote military readiness , unit morale or cohesio .
 former fundamentalist 'debunks ' bible <sec> meet a real-life `` angels & demons '' professor .  biblical scholar says most of new testament is a forgery .  scholar 's work gains audience skeptical of church .  scholar 's mom no longer talks to him about his book .
 opinion : the right to know if you 're eating genetically modified food <sec> ben cohen , jerry greenfield : you have the right to know what 's in your food .  washington state to vote on whether to require labels on genetically modified food .  writers : a grassroots movement is pitted against agribusinesses such as monsanto .  writers : corporations spending millions should not determine the outcome of the vot .
 pakistan anti-drone activist kareem khan freed after abduction <sec> anti-drone activist and journalist kareem khan is freed , nine days after his abduction .  khan says he was seized by armed men , taken to a basement and tortured .  his abductors hung him upside down , beat his feet and shackled him , he says .  khan was due to travel to europe to talk to lawmakers about drone strikes that killed relative .
 in latest legal blow , pakistani court confines musharraf to his home <sec> musharraf appears in court and then returns to his residence .  the former president is now being kept there under house arrest , his lawyer says .  musharraf plans to pursue efforts to get the decision overturned .  he returned to pakistan last month to run in elections after years in exil .
 marilyn monroe 's x-rays are being auctioned off <sec> six facial x-rays of marilyn monroe have surfaced .  they are marked with the alias name `` joan newman '' .  executive director of julien 's auctions says there is still demand for monroe item .
 social issues will be priority in supreme court battle <sec> obama will likely begin search for nominee with candidates he did n't pick last time .  jeffrey toobin says social issues will be front and center in debate over nominee .  he says obama 's majority in senate means he will likely get choice confirme .
 `` the guild '' and that little wow addiction <sec> `` the guild '' created `` game on '' in about a month and landed at the top of the itunes chart .  jeff lewis , who plays vork on `` the guild , '' is not ashamed of his wow addiction .  sandeep parikh says his character , zaboo , on `` the guild '' is very friendly , just invasiv .
 hospital chains sued over alleged kickback scheme <sec> a lawsuit says hospitals paid kickbacks to get undocumented immigrant patients .  georgia 's attorney general accuses the hospitals of filing fraudulent medicaid claims .  former cfo : `` it was pay for patients , pure and simple '' .  one hospital chain says the contracts were legitimate , helped underserved patient .
 pakistani taliban names new leader <sec> taliban official hakeemullah mehsud was selected friday by 42-member panel .  taliban officials say former leader baitullah mehsud is alive but ill .  taliban official maulvi faqir mohammad tapped as new leader 's deput .
 note from italian anarchist group found with bank bomb <sec> new : note from anarchist group mentions `` three explosions , '' raising possibility of other bombs .  the package was intercepted wednesday at deutsche bank mail room in germany .  police in germany say it was a functioning bomb , but did not detonate .  new york police increase security around deutsche bank in manhatta .
 blast kills 19 at graduation ceremony in somalia <sec> three government ministers , two journalists , two professors and nine students among 19 killed .  attack struck ceremony held at hotel shamo for banadir university 's medical school .  president blamed islamist group al-shabaab for attac .
 partisan views of irs scandal : political hijinks , mismanaged scrutiny <sec> new : legislators clash at a house hearing where victims of targeting appeared .  as congress probes irs targeting , the two parties offer varying takes on what happened .  congress , the irs , the inspector general and the justice department are investigating .  the gop house appropriations chairman evokes nixon in warning of an enemies lis .
 djokovic draws serbia level after monfils win for france <sec> new : novak djokovic beats gilles simon in straight sets to level davis cup final at 1-1 .  gael monfils thrashes janko tipsarevic in straight sets in the opening singles rubber .  saturday sees doubles action with reverse singles on sunda .
 alkmaar player fights off ajax fan attack <sec> az alkmaar goalkeeper is sent off after fighting back against a pitch invader .  dutch cup game at amsterdam arena is called off after only 37 minutes .  alkmaar coach takes his players off the field due to safety concerns .  ajax official says the 19-year-old supporter has been handed to polic .
 lonely planet 's top 10 u.s. spots for 2014 <sec> midwestern beaches and brew deserve your attention next year .  a city known for barbecue and jazz will host a more somber commemoration in 2014 .  the jersey shore is back and welcoming visitors to its beach communitie .
 175 killed from china floods ; more than 1.6 million evacuated <sec> new : residents fear waters may not recede for another week .  direct economic losses reach 35.02 billion yuan ( $ 5.4 billion ) .  flooding has impacted 13 provinces since june 3 .  at least 8,400 houses are destroyed in zhejiang province alon .
 syria : u.n. resolution 'unjust ' <sec> new : at least 22 die saturday in syria , including 10 in homs , an activist group says .  new : 13 army and security force `` martyrs '' are transferred for burial , state media reports .  several arab nations backed a u.n. resolution condemning crackdown .  a syrian official says the report lacks `` objectivity and professionalism .
 argentina grandma to face trial over pot plants <sec> grandmother in argentina will have to stand trial for growing two marijuana plants , court says .  personal use of marijuana is allowed in argentina as long as it does n't harm anyone else .  appeals court says the woman could n't prove the marijuana was solely for he .
 twitter ban batters turkey 's image , but does erdogan care ? <sec> turkish pm recep tayyip erdogan blocked turkish internet users ' access to twitter .  move was widely condemned around the world , twitter users in turkey flouted the ban .  fadi hakura : erdogan keen to stem damaging leaks ahead of local elections in turkey .  hakura : ban risks scaring off investors , which could hurt erdogan politicall .
 fugitive child molester in custody <sec> horowitz is an ordained orthodox rabbi and a former child psychologist .  he was escorted aboard the u.s.-bound flight by a u.s. agent , authorities say .  horowitz was subject of investigations in u.s. , israel ; had multiple conviction .
 five of sport 's greatest ever underdogs <sec> europe 's ryder cup team has often beaten the u.s. despite lower profile players .  america 's ice hockey win against the soviets is known as the `` miracle on ice '' .  wimbledon 's defeat of liverpool in the fa cup was considered a major upset .  new york jets superbowl win in 1969 was inspired by quarterback joe namat .
 conservationists in a flutter : how saving rare butterflies can generate profits <sec> one of britain 's most critically endangered butterflies is making a comeback .  the heath fritillary conservation scheme partners conservationists with private landowners .  the project generates cash and could be replicated to save other endangered butterflies , say butterfly conservatio .
 video of stunt plane barely missing two people prompts faa probe <sec> video shot january 16 near dallas shows stunt plane narrowly missing two people .  faa source : the pilot 's waiver to perform aerobatics at the airport had expired .  a motorcycle stunt team shooting a practice video captured the inciden .
 ntsb : near-collision videos show runway dangers <sec> ntsb shows dramatic animations of two recent near-collisions on runways .  in a florida incident , planes came within 35 feet of colliding .  ntsb wants faa to improve systems to alert pilots to runway dange .
 messi hat-trick in barca rout ; juve beat inter to stay top in serie a <sec> messi scores hat-trick inside 30 minutes in 5-0 mauling of mallorca .  real madrid go top of la liga with a 1-0 win at real sociedad .  juventus earn 2-1 win over inter milan ; ac beat roma 3- .
 social security marks the battle lines for cnn/tea party debate <sec> cnn/tea party republican debate on monday could mark early turning point in campaign .  perry calls social security a `` ponzi scheme '' while romney wants to keep it in place . .  other candidates will fight for attention as race quickly tightens .  follow news leading up to the debate on cnnpolitics.com and @ cnnpolitics on twitte .
 why are iraq 's politicians dithering as their country burns ? <sec> iraqi lawmakers have been unable to appoint key posts despite security crisis in north , west of country .  sunni terror group isis has seized large swathes of iraqi and syrian territory in recent months .  nuri al-maliki , iraq 's embattled prime minister , refuses to step down despite growing opposition .  al-maliki appears to be holding out for as long as possible in order to influence new governmen .
 obama requests $ 60.4b for sandy relief <sec> administration seeks $ 60.4 billion for sandy relief .  leaders in new york , new jersey welcome effort .  they say it 's a star .
 russian court denies parole for jailed pussy riot member <sec> pussy riot member nadezhda tolokonnikova loses her bid to be released on parole .  she was given a 2-year sentence for hooliganism last year .  band members were tried for performing a song critical of then-prime minister vladimir puti .
 first criminal charges filed in benghazi attack probe - cnnpolitics.com <sec> first on cnn : charges filed against libyan militia leader ahmed abu khattala , others .  attack last september killed ambassador christopher stevens and three other americans .  authorities would not detail counts as charges remain under seal .  the benghazi attack has become a political flashpoint in washingto .
 what beats by apple would mean for music , and you <sec> apple is reportedly close to buying headphone maker beats electronics .  the tech giant could incorporate beats research into `` smart headphones '' .  analysts predict beats brand , popular with young buyers , wo n't go away .  the deal would also boost apple 's music streaming potentia .
 famous football fanatics : aaron mokoena and orlando pirates <sec> mokoena grew up watching orlando pirates with his brother .  the first game he saw was the derby match between orlando pirates and kaizer chiefs .  his proudest moment supporting the club is when they won the african champions leagu .
 tony stewart to return to nascar racing this weekend <sec> racer was driving in a dirt-track race when he hit a competitor who was walking .  kevin ward jr. died of his injuries received at ny track .  authorities are investigating .  stewart expected to return to the track friday during a practice sessio .
 why kim is probably still in charge ( opinion ) <sec> north korean leader kim jong un has n't appeared in public for over a month .  speculation that he may have been toppled in coup is misplaced , says david kang .  lack of unusual military or political movement suggests kim still in power , kang say .
 attorney : convicted killer van der sloot to marry in peruvian prison <sec> joran van der sloot plans to marry in peruvian prison .  he is serving time in 2010 death of woman at lima hotel .  van der sloot is prime suspect in disappearance of american natalee hollowa .
 europe 's new frontline : inside slovyansk <sec> cnn team reports that slovyansk appears half-deserted , after residents flee fighting .  eastern ukrainian city has been held by pro-russian separatists for two months .  slovyansk is under persistent shelling and mortar fire from ukrainian forces .  citizens appear weary of fighting , desperate for end to constant threat of bombardmen .
 honda driving japanese football forward <sec> keisuke honda is the star of the japanese football team .  has played for cska moscow since december 2009 .  rumors of move to a bigger european team this winter .  dream move would be the play for real madri .
 franklin mccain -- one of 'greensboro four ' -- dies <sec> franklin mccain , who died thursday , was one of the `` greensboro four '' .  in 1960 , four black students defied segregation by sitting at a whites-only lunch counter .  the act spawned sit-ins elsewhere and was hailed as a major desegregation effort .  `` we wanted to be included in the round table of humanity , '' said another of the fou .
 opinion : should undocumented immigrant practice law ? <sec> ruben navarrette : should an illegal immigrant be able to practice law ? .  navarrette : in the case of sergio garcia , my heart says yes but my head wo n't go along .  he asks how does garcia show respect for law when he has lived in defiance of rule of law ? .  navarrette : in the immigration debate , we must separate the individual from the ide .
 serena williams back at indian wells after it 'disgraced america ' <sec> serena williams makes her return to indian wells on friday .  she has n't played at the tournament since 2001 .  her dad said he was racially abused at the tournament in 2001 .  venus williams still has not returned to the california even .
 dubai 'sex-on-beach ' couple escape jail term <sec> the couple , michelle palmer and vincent acors , faced three-month sentence .  the pair were arrested at a dubai beach shortly after midnight on july 5 .  they were charged with with illicit relations , public indecency , public intoxication .  although a relatively moderate gulf state , dubai adheres to certain islamic rule .
 pay attention to terror threats <sec> thomas fuentes : lesson of 9/11 is to pay attention to threats .  he says there were numerous warnings of al qaeda 's danger .  fuentes says likelihood of large-scale attacks like 9/11 are slim .  he says smaller attacks could continue for decade .
 muslim militia : we are true government of central african republic <sec> ceasefire between rival muslim , christian militias brings respite in central african republic .  muslim militia leader says in rare interview his allies will not leave power .  french troops have arrived in the war-torn northern city of bossangoa .  locals feel sufficiently safe to return to their homes after french peacekeepers arriv .
 explosion rocks another japanese nuclear reactor building <sec> new : a blast occurs monday at the daiichi 's plant no . .  3 reactor building , an official says .  new : the official says he does n't believe there 's been a massive radioactive leak .  iaea says the radiation near the onagawa plant `` normal , '' may be from daiichi .  authorities have not confirmed meltdowns , because the reactors are so ho .
 perry wins gop primary in texas , white gets democratic nod <sec> incumbent rick perry defeats kay bailey hutchinson in texas gubernatorial gop primary .  perry will face ex-houston mayor bill white in general election .  perry is longest-serving governor in texas histor .
 anti-abortion activist ca n't use 'necessity defense ' in slaying <sec> scott roeder is accused of first-degree murder in the death of dr. george tiller .  tiller was one of the few u.s. doctors who performed late-term abortions .  necessity defense : defendant argues breaking the law is better for society than following it .  judge bars roeder from using the necessity defense in the doctor 's slayin .
 instagram backtracks on terms of service <sec> instagram has reverted part of its terms of service in response to user backlash .  company will revert the advertizing language back to what it was in october 2010 .  other changes to the privacy policy and terms of service will go into effect in mid-januar .
 protester loses appeal in military protest case <sec> supreme court rules military has broad jurisdiction over public spaces on bases .  the justices unanimously rule against a critic of u.s. military policy .  that issue will continue to percolate in the lower federal court .
