 french court jails noriega for seven years <sec> french court sentences manuel noriega to seven years in prison .  prosecutor : noriega turned away from his responsibilities to serve his personal interests .  prosecutors accuse him of laundering 2.3 million euros in drug trafficking profits .  noriega said he was not guilt .
 2 ufo sightings have china , blogs abuzz <sec> two ufo sightings were recently reported in eastern china .  one incident shut down operations at an airport .  museum in roswell , new mexico , gets reports of ufo sightings .  web site contends purported photos of one incident are not legitimat .
 judge asked to expand barcelona probe <sec> a spanish prosecutor wants investigation into neymar deal to include all barca management .  jose perals served investigating judge with seven-page writ on wednesday .  club says its lawyers will appear in court in next few days .  barca accused of financial irregularities when buying brazilian in june 201 .
 social media helps maine mother scatter her son 's ashes worldwide <sec> a mother 's facebook plea for help in scattering son 's ashes becomes an international effort .  from the grand canyon to the caribbean to australia , c.j . .  's ashes are spread .  many of those scattering ashes have been affected by suicide or have outlived their childre .
 gen. honoré : sandy recovery is stumbling <sec> lt. gen. russel honoré asks why new york has ignored all the lessons learned from katrina .  honoré : sandy recovery has no command center , nobody in charge and no troop presence .  after katrina , national guard was out in force and hospital ship was available , he says .  fema workers complain they have difficulty reaching sandy storm victims , he say .
 u.s. soldier kills 5 comrades in iraq , officials say <sec> defense official : suspect had been a patient at the treatment center .  president obama to discuss incident with defense secretary .  attack is the deadliest on soldiers by a fellow soldier during operation iraqi freedom .  five killed and three others wounded in inciden .
 uk royals cost taxpayers $ 80m <sec> queen and royal family cost british taxpayers 66p ( $ 1.31 ) per person last year .  figure is a 4p ( 8c ) increase on the previous year , according to palace .  accounts reveal need for more spending to maintain palace .
 huge picasso cache not stolen , lawyer says <sec> new : `` impossible '' to think picasso gave works away , a family representative says .  a 71-year-old retired electrician sought to have 271 unknown works authenticated .  the picasso family is suing the man , alleging that the works are stolen .  the lawsuit , filed in september , was reported by a french newspaper monda .
 could a blood test predict suicides ? <sec> in small study , researchers accurately predict suicidal thoughts and suicide attempts .  researchers looked for certain chemicals related to a gene called ska2 .  an abnormal version of this gene may cause people to react differently to stres .
 video : love letter to new orleans <sec> video filmed in multiple new orleans locations .  song is allusion to the meters ' mardi gras .  song recorded in emotional aftermath of katrin .
 rangel temporarily steps down as house ways and means chair <sec> new : republicans plan to call for rep. charlie rangel to step aside permanently .  rangel investigated for failing to pay taxes on dominican republic home .  house ethics committee admonished him for violating rules on receiving gifts .  house ways and means committee responsible for drafting nation 's tax policie .
 fears grow that syria may shut down internet <sec> a syrian shutdown of the internet would be similar to what happened in egypt in 2011 .  internet freedom advocate : `` the more tech-savvy folks are expecting it '' in syria .  the syrian internet market is a state-run monopoly .  many opposition activists rely on satellite phones to communicat .
 teenage round-the-world sailor takes on racing challenge <sec> jessica watson will skipper the youngest ever crew in this year 's rolex sydney to hobart .  last year , aged 16 , she sailed around the world alone .  watson is 18 years old , with the average age of her crew 19 .  they 'll take part in the 628-nautical-mile race down the south-east australian coas .
 suu kyi 's party gets government ok to re-enter myanmar politics , lawyer says <sec> aung san suu kyi 's party says it will formally register as early as next week .  the party won 80 % of the legislative seats in 1990 .  the ruling military junta refused to recognize the results of that electio .
 police : student followed through on plan , killed principal in memphis <sec> new : memphis ' police chief says the suspect carried `` a grudge all summer '' .  eduardo marmolejo told investigators his principal `` made him angry , '' police say .  the head of memphis junior academy was found lying in a pool of blood .  the teenager is held without bond after a juvenile court hearing , a probation official say .
 obama , mcconnnell , start with science ( opinion ) <sec> paul begala : bourbon summit for obama , mcconnell a good idea . .  here 's what to talk about : .  medical research funding was common ground for gingrich , clinton at similar political juncture .  begala says they pushed doubling nih funding in 5 years ; it benefited nation , economy .  begala : no nih funding stalled . .  boosting it is good politics , a good place for the two to star .
 rescuers paint harrowing portrait of search aboard sunken ferry <sec> rescuers describe finding 48 girls in one room meant for 30 people .  divers trying to reach room where another 50 girls believed to have been , commander says .  search effort now expected to slow , says commander of the rescue operation .  prosecutors investigate sewol 's sister ship , find numerous safety problem .
 son of mexican drug lord not arrested , authorities say <sec> alfredo guzman salazar is the son of drug lord joaquin `` el chapo '' guzman .  el chapo is considered the most wanted man in mexico . .  father and son were indicted in illinois on drug trafficking charges in 200 .
 lindsay lohan 's playboy issue 'breaking sales records , ' hef says <sec> just 1 of 12 newsstands in 4 u.s. cities surveyed report selling out of the issue .  a playboy official tells cnn sales are going `` very well '' .  lohan earns nearly $ 1 million for posing nude for playboy .  legal troubles keep the actress off the big scree .
 putin meets with castro brothers in cuba <sec> russian president meets raul and fidel castro during a visit to cuba .  putin and counterpart sign deals expanding cooperation between the two countries .  russian officials agreed to forgive 90 % of the more than $ 30 billion cuba still owed .  cuba and the former soviet union enjoyed one of the firmest cold war alliance .
 clark atlanta university band suspended over possible hazing <sec> an atlanta high school band plays at saturday 's clark atlanta game .  the university says there is no immediate evidence of hazing .  this case follows the death of a florida a & m band member last year .  robert champion died in a hazing ritual aboard a famu bu .
 apec fashion hits and misses <sec> gallery looks back at some of the more memorable apec triumphs and fashion fails .  the first apec `` family photo '' dates to first apec summit near seattle in 1993 .  like group tour t-shirts , they run the risk of never being worn again .  tradition brought back to life in bali after a three-year hiatu .
 'batman vs. superman ' : first look at ben affleck as superhero <sec> director zack snyder tweets image of ben affleck as new batman .  the casting of affleck in `` man of steel '' sequel has sparked controversy .  the film is expected in 201 .
 ariel sharon dies after 8 years in coma <sec> new : sharon 's coffin will lie in state at the knesset ; his funeral will be monday .  ariel sharon had been in a coma for eight years .  he is remembered for his controversial military and political career .  israeli officials praise him , while some in the mideast criticize hi .
 the new essentials of southern living <sec> the magazine garden and gun released `` the southerner 's handbook : a guide to living the good life '' .  the handbook includes how-tos to `` mardi gras like a local '' and `` dance like a cowboy '' .  handbook editor david dibenedetto says it 's for southerners new and ol .
 is 'blood diamond ' definition about to change ? <sec> gillian milovanovic is the first u.s. chair of the u.n.- backed kimberley process .  milovanovic says the definition of blood diamonds will 'certainly be looked at ' .  last year , founding member global witness pulled out of the process .  the move followed the sale of diamonds from zimbabwe 's controversial marange field .
 california imposes statewide drought water restrictions <sec> new restrictions will affect lawn watering and car washing across california .  they 're the first of their kind in the state , which is dealing with a major drought .  gov . .  jerry brown declared a drought emergency in januar .
 scheme to reel in pot at county jail hits a snag <sec> authorities : inmates in pinellas county , florida , jail dropped line six floors to accomplice outside .  bag containing pot , tobacco products found hanging outside fourth floor of jail .  three men , including alleged outside accomplice , charged with bringing contraband into jail .  new fence will discourage future fishing expedition .
 phoenix va scandal : vet loses nose waiting for care <sec> edward laird said he waited two and a half years for biopsy on a spot .  in that time , cancer spread through his nose .  laird sought care at the phoenix va , where cnn uncovered many issues .  hospital chief wrote to laird saying dermatologist found no signs of cance .
 'epidemic level ' of laser attacks directed at planes <sec> number of incidents is projected to reach 3,700 by the end of the year , fbi says .  the fbi cited the internet as a source for cheap , easy to purchase hand-held gadgets .  lasers directed at aircraft can cause temporary blindness to pilot .
 rescue boat closing in on trapped ship in antarctica <sec> an australian icebreaker is now 11 nautical miles away .  it 's not clear yet if it can break through the ice , australian official says .  a chinese ship ca n't break the ice but is staying nearby in case of helicopter evacuations .  any helicopter rescue of 74 tourists and scientists on board will depend on weathe .
 violence and race : a two-way street <sec> lz granderson says a video of a white man being beaten in baltimore is sickening .  he says as we await outcome of trayvon martin case , more focus is needed on other crimes .  granderson : black community rallies to fight injustice but not when `` perpetrators look like us '' .  he says black community needs to grapple with crime of all kind .
 iraq party : punish u.s. soldier who shot at quran <sec> iraqi islamic party calls quran incident `` blatant assault '' on muslim holy book .  u.s. soldier used quran for target practice , military investigation found .  u.s. commander in baghdad has issued formal apology .  soldier relieved of duty , will be reassigned after sending letter of apolog .
 u.s. military : wave of attacks in iraq 'eerily similar ' to last year <sec> 84 are killed and more than 200 wounded , according to reports from across iraq .  20 bombings and shooting attacks are reported .  al-maliki tells security forces to pursue the killers `` until they finish them '' .  a jihadist website has a post praising the attacks , but no claim of responsibilit .
 mille miglia : 1,000 miles of fear <sec> the mille miglia was an italian road race between 1927 and 1957 .  stirling moss clocked the fastest average speed for the 1,000-mile event in 1955 .  the race was dash from brescia , in northern italy , to rome and back again .  a fatal crash ended the race in 1957 , but it survives today as a touring even .
 fox renews 'the simpsons ' for 24th , 25th seasons <sec> fox and `` the simpsons '' crew had been in negotiations , threatening future shows .  on friday , fox announces that the animated series will continue for 2 more seasons .  `` the simpsons '' has won 27 emmys and was named time 's best show of the centur .
 surprising first products of 14 famous companies <sec> 14 famous companies switched industries or at least products .  wrigley 's first bubbles came from soap , but gave gum away to customers .  telecom giant nokia began with a pulp plant to make paper .  hasbro started with textiles , moved into school supplies then into toy .
 what will america look like in 2050 ? <sec> author joel kotkin predicts that majority of nation will be non-white .  suburbs to become economic centers of country instead of cities .  despite current situations , kotkin says america 's economic and social issues will improv .
 artists support occupy movement with album <sec> occupy this album will be a music compilation record .  the album is inspired by the occupy wall street movement .  david crosby , graham nash and jackson brown are a few of the artists who will be on the record .  all proceeds from the record will be distributed to the occupy movemen .
 iran nuclear talks : how tehran got back to the negotiating table <sec> new iranian president hassan rouhani has worked to thaw u.s.-iranian relations in recent months .  some iranian clergymen believe `` down with the usa '' slogans should be dropped from prayers .  iran has also adopted a softer stances towards israel since rouhani 's visit to the u.n . .  bazoobandi : recalibration likely would n't have happened without crippling sanction .
 golan heights : making wine in the shadow of war <sec> marketplace middle east takes a look inside multimillion dollar golan heights winery .  picturesque vineyard in northern israel attracts tourists .  but next door , sirens blare as civil war rages in syria .  workers take shelter after airstrike , tanks of wine destroye .
 opinion : do n't abandon the women of afghanistan <sec> paula dobriansky , melanne verveer : afghanistan vote must preserve gains by women .  they say post-taliban women 's rights have grown , but recent violence has targeted them .  they say gender equality and education for women is crucial to nation 's economic growth .  writers : future support for country 's government must be tied to defense of equal right .
 cbs , nfl network drop rihanna song from pregame show <sec> rihanna was the victim of domestic violence in 2009 at the hands of chris brown .  producers of `` thursday night football '' pregame want more time to talk about ray rice .  cbs chief tells sports illustrated the network wanted to have the correct tone .  the song will be included in the intro during the rest of the season , a spokesman say .
 france , u.s. stand behind new opposition alliance as syria remains defiant <sec> new : at least 172 died tuesday , opposition says .  france formally recognizes new syrian coalition ; u.s. says it will give aid .  syrian spokesman : opposition abroad is `` clinically dead , '' even after a recent unification .  `` defending syria is a national destiny and not a political option , '' an official say .
 who is the next obama ? <sec> president barack obama broke onto national political scene after 2004 convention speech .  gop strategist : party longing for a vision of a brighter future built on republican principles .  democrat : speakers should have raw political talent and address important themes .  senators and mayors among those who could have standout performances at convention .
 how disaster zones inspired one entrepreneur <sec> entrepreneur creates luxury fragrance brand with ingredients from war and disaster zones .  the '7 virtues ' brand has tapped afghanistan , haiti and now rwanda .  some of the world 's leading department stores such as selfridges will sell the perfumes .  this could be the model for profitable social enterpris .
 can ideas get you high ? <sec> filmmaker jason silva makes short kaleidoscopic videos on how ideas interrelate .  he says he aims to show how technology is expanding our sphere of what is possible .  silva : big ideas should instill a sense of wonder in people as if they 're high on drug .
 12 dead in lebanon in violence spurred by syria unrest <sec> 12 dead , 50 are wounded in fighting in the coastal city of tripoli , state news reports .  lebanon 's government says it will enforce an agreed-upon cease-fire in the area .  the clash was the latest pitting factions opposed to and supporting syria 's leader .
 libyan isis branch claims tripoli hotel attack <sec> `` david was a warrior when he needed to be , and also a peacemaker , '' james berry tells cnn .  libyan branch of isis claims responsibility ; names attackers .  american security contractor is among five foreigners and five libyans kille .
 world media reacts to thatcher 's death <sec> former british prime minister margaret thatcher died on monday , aged 87 .  during her time in office , the conservative leader 's policies polarized the uk .  the `` iron lady '' privatized state-run industries and did battle with trade unions .  britain went to war with argentina over the falkland islands during her premiershi .
 nepal to select its first president <sec> lawmakers in nepal to to pick the country 's first president since it became a republic .  unclear who may become president as no party had a majority in recent elections .  maoists , who won most seats , want a non-political figure as presiden .
 hernandez brace puts manchester united four points clear <sec> manchester united go four points clear of arsenal after a 4-0 win over lowly wigan .  javier hernandez scores twice before wayne rooney and fabio secure a comfortable victory .  everton , aston villa and wolverhampton wanderers also win on saturday .  bolton wanderers and newcastle united share a 1-1 draw at st. james ' par .
 letter bomb sent to deutsche bank ceo <sec> a letter bomb is addressed to the ceo of deutsche bank .  it is delivered to the bank 's headquarters in frankfurt , germany , police say .  new york 's deputy police commissioner says the device was detected in the bank 's mail roo .
 airbus : lost jet had inconsistent airspeed data <sec> french officials : sub could find recorders ; other vessel needed for their retrieval .  airbus : automated messages indicate contradictory info provided on airspeeds .  such a problem `` could really be disastrous , '' ex-u.s. aviation safety official says .  expert : finding where recorders lie on seabed harder as debris scattere .
 oscar pistorius shot gun out of car without warning , judge hears <sec> pistorius became furious after police officer handled his gun , court hears .  `` 'you ca n't just touch another man 's gun , ' '' witness quotes athlete as saying .  pathologist back on stand , under cross-examination .  defense questions pathologist 's finding that steenkamp ate less than two hours before she die .
 ebola is here : 5 reasons not to panic <sec> ebola is aggressively infectious ; it is not highly contagious .  doctors know how it spreads and can keep contamination down .  doctors have trained for years on how to handle these patients .  in past decade , five people known to have viral hemorrhagic fever have entered u.s .
 holder blasts 'stand your ground ' after zimmerman verdict <sec> new : nra accuses administration of exploiting tragedies for political gain .  in weighing federal probe , `` we will not be afraid , '' holder says .  florida governor defends `` stand your ground '' law .  those self-defense laws `` sow dangerous conflict , '' holder say .
 'girl meets world ' renewed for second season <sec> `` girl meets world '' will have a second season on disney .  the spinoff of '90s sitcom `` boy meets world '' is the no . .  1 tv show among kids 2 to 14 .  former `` boy meets world '' stars have made guest appearance .
 why we are all digital anthropologists <sec> mystreet is a website where people can tell their stories by uploading short films .  films are submitted from all over the world and geo-tagged to a location .  olivia bellas says that social media and digital tools have opened up anthropology to non-expert .
 hurricane odile slams mexican resorts <sec> new : the category 1 hurricane still threatens to cause floods , forecasters say .  hurricane odile hit the southern tip of baja california sur late sunday .  an american mother on maternity leave holes up with her newborn in a hotel .  forecasters warn of destructive waves and life-threatening flood .
 cricket : still a gentleman 's game ? <sec> cricket has reputation as a sport `` played by gentlemen '' .  reputation tarnished by harbhajan singh-andrew symonds controversy .  indian spinner singh denied racially insulting australian symonds .  indian coaches say they teach aspiring players etiquette from a young ag .
 afghanistan 's miracle ( opinion ) <sec> amid all the bad news , there 's a sign of progress in afghanistan , says peter bergen .  bergen : a national unity government has agreed to a continuing u.s. presence .  he says afghan leaders are making calls opposite to what iraq 's al-maliki did .  bergen : afghanistan 's economy could benefit from signs of greater stabilit .
 discovery : 'super saturn ' with rings 200 times as big <sec> scientists have long believed many moons formed from saturn-like rings .  this is the first time such a system has been spotted outside of our solar system , astronomers sa .
 ski champion albrecht airlifted to hospital <sec> daniel albrecht is airlifted to hospital after a sickening accident at kitzbuehel .  super-combined world skiing champion was training for a world cup downhill .  swiss albrecht was airlifted to hospital after lengthy treatment on the slope .
