 special-effects master trumbull pushes new movie format <sec> douglas trumbull an influential special-effects artist .  trumbull 's latest focus : a new kind of cinema format .  trumbull 's project would use fast frame rates , huge screens , 4k digital .  he had similar ideas in '70s and hopes in digital era audiences are receptiv .
 spy swap was a mistake <sec> ex-cia russian expert says the quick spy swap will be seen as sign of u.s. weakness .  he says it sends the message that there 's no risk for russia to spy on the u.s . .  coyle : u.s. is right to try to maintain good relations with moscow .  alleged spies should have spent more time behind bars , he say .
 sweden : russian plane nearly crashes with swedish jet <sec> an airline spokesman says reports of danger were `` blown out of proportion '' .  a swedish air force official says a flight from denmark to sweden had to change course .  russia says its plane was more than 70 kilometers from the path of a passenger jet .  sweden says russian plane had its transponders turned off to avoid commercial rada .
 throngs gather for pope 's mass in mexico <sec> new : state media : more than 400,000 people attend the mass .  new : the pope urges mexican catholics to remain true to their faith .  cheering onlookers wave balloons , flags and banners as the pope arrives .  the pope travels to cuba monda .
 now who 's the moral majority ? <sec> stephanie coontz : indiana , arkansas governors caught off guard by outrage , boycotts over anti-lgbt law .  she says religious conservatives who discriminate no longer hold sway in a culture comfortable with diversity , including same-sex marriag .
 real first wives ' club dishes on ex-husbands <sec> joy behar invited women who went through public divorces onto her hln show .  mary jo eustace talked about how hard it was to watch dean mcdermott move on .  lance armstrong 's ex-wife , kristen , said she could n't hate her husband 's new love .  dina matos said ex-new jersey gov . .  jim mcgreevey married her for political gai .
 world 's first surviving panda triplets 'very healthy ' <sec> panda triplets were born on july 29 in guangzhou , china .  babies are `` very healthy , '' says park manager .  they are thought to be the only living panda triplets in the worl .
 nato agrees on missile defense system for most of europe , the u.s . <sec> new : nato members agree on a new mission statement for next 10 years .  new : georgian president hopes nato will spur russia to be `` more civilized '' .  nato leaders , among others , are meeting for a two-day summit in portugual .  one goal for the leaders is to reinvigorate the nato alliance , 20 years after the cold wa .
 anwar : officials faked sodomy evidence <sec> malaysian opposition leader anwar ibrahim came out of hiding monday .  says he can prove government members faked evidence for sodomy charges .  anwar also says he has evidence of threats against his lif .
 workaholics on vacation ? not likely <sec> workaholics are driven by anxiety and fear .  survey : 34 % of employed americans do n't use all their annual vacation days .  30 % of vacationing workers also feel work-related stress while on vacation .  those who seek treatment set boundaries that allow them to reclaim a balanced lif .
 nhl : can ice hockey capitalize on winter olympics exposure ? <sec> nhl took a 17-day break during the winter olympics in sochi .  its top players competed for their respective countries in quest for gold .  nhl and players ' association liaising over expansion plans .  return of ice hockey world cup is likel .
 opinion : congrats gov . christie : you saved your life <sec> obese new jersey gov . .  chris christie underwent lap band stomach surgery to slim down .  christie says he did it for wife and kids , but some think it 's for a 2016 presidential run .  bryan monroe had gastric bypass surgery , warns christie there will be criticisms .  but monroe says like himself , christie did it to live a healthy , long lif .
 sarah brady : finish the job on gun background checks <sec> `` brady handgun violence prevention act '' went into effect 20 years ago .  sarah brady : the law , which honors her husband , requires background checks .  but a lot has changed , about 40 % of gun sales today have no brady background check .  brady : congress needs to finish the job the brady law so effectively started in 198 .
 pro-democracy activists allege torture by egyptian soldiers <sec> ramy essam says he was one of hundreds attacked at tahrir square on march 9 .  he says he was taken away , beaten with sticks , wires and whips , and shocked .  `` it was pain i never imagined i would feel in my life , '' he said .  rights groups say more than 100 still await military trials without access to lawyer .
 ny police release new video in case of body found in suitcase <sec> new : new video shows a `` person of interest '' in case of a dead woman , police say .  new : the surveillance video shows a man , dressed in black , at a store .  earlier video shows what police believe is the same man rolling the suitcase down a street .  the police commissioner says betty williams , 28 , from the bronx , was strangle .
 fbi says it 's using facebook , twitter to find 'wanted terrorist ' <sec> ahmad abousamra , 31 , was indicted after trips to pakistan and yemen .  he is a dual syrian-u.s. citizen who grew up near boston .  his co-conspirator was convicted and sentenced .  a $ 50,000 reward is being offered for information leading to his arres .
 grizzly bear kills backpacker in alaska 's denali national park <sec> hikers find an abandoned backpack , torn clothes and blood in denali national park .  rangers fly over and spot a grizzly bear and eventually a dead hiker .  it 's the first known `` bear mauling fatality '' in denali , the national park service say .
 u.s. navy rescues iranian sailors <sec> new : crew of iranian vessel was forced to help pirate operations , u.s. navy says .  members of the u.s. navy board the hijacked ship , free its crew .  the u.s. took 15 pirates into custody , a navy spokesman says .  the ship is from a carrier group that iran warned the united states abou .
 disney world 's low-key milestone <sec> walt disney world marks 40th anniversary with little hype .  in contrast , celebrations of the park 's 25th birthday lasted more than a year .  observers say the company is focusing on `` making a generic disney park experience .
 iceland closes airports for first time due to volcanic ash cloud <sec> keflavik international airport , reykjavík international airport will be closed friday .  change in winds means ash cloud is now lingering over iceland , leading to closures .  airports in akureyri , egilsstadir will stay open , as ash has n't reached that part of iceland .  most european airports were open thursday and should be open on frida .
 i want this election over - now <sec> lz granderson : 70 % of americans wish the election was over .  he says people are n't looking forward to 10 months of manipulative ads and pitches .  politicians from president obama on down compromise principles for political gain , he says .  granderson : what gets lost in the battle ? .  the best interests of the natio .
 'blade runner ' loses beijing hopes <sec> double-amputee sprinter oscar pistorius ineligible to run at beijing olympics .  iaaf rules that the south african 's prosthetic blades give him unfair advantage .  the 21-year-old pistorius has set three world records in paralympic event .
 u.s. military looking at alternatives in case turkey cuts access <sec> turkey has threatened restricting u.s. access to turkish airspace .  tensions come after vote calling the killing of armenians genocide .  key issue is to find ways to ship supplies and other critical equipment into iraq .  any cutoff would force the u.s. military into longer cargo flight .
 egypt to hold parliamentary elections in april <sec> elections will be held in four stages .  house of representatives will have its first session in jul .
 estonian bicyclists abducted in lebanon plead for help in video <sec> video shows seven estonian men pleading for international community 's help .  they were abducted while bicycling into lebanon from syria on march 23 .  estonian foreign minister says they were taken by local criminals , then handed off .  the video makes it clear kidnappers `` want to keep contact , '' minister say .
 in time of swine flu , add sanitizer , tissues to school supply lists <sec> new : federal agency releases guidance on closures related to h1n1 .  in maryland , schools prepare for instruction when students are n't in class .  some schools have ramped up cleaning , offered hand sanitizer in classrooms .  the value of closing school because of h1n1 is still being debate .
 blasts near hotels kill 36 in baghdad <sec> new : more than 70 also hurt in three vehicle bombings in baghdad .  new : blasts targeted hotels in iraqi capita .
 destiny 's child star takes hiv test in kenya to raise awareness <sec> singer kelly rowland takes an hiv test in kenya to raise awareness of the virus .  rowland is first ambassador for mtv 's staying alive foundation .  the foundation works to empower young people to protect themselves from hiv .  rowland and 22-year-old kenyan john ngugi take the test togethe .
 merciful storekeeper changes robber 's mind , religion <sec> long island storekeeper mohammad sohail faces man wielding baseball bat .  sohail grabs shotgun ; stunned man begins to cry , says he has no food at home .  man 's story tugs at sohail 's heartstrings , and he offers man money , bread , milk .  after act of compassion , man says he wants to become a muslim like sohai .
 feds ok drought deal letting georgia keep more water <sec> fish and wildlife service : plan has limited effect on mussels , sturgeon downstream .  plan gradually cuts amount of water released from dam in chattahoochee , florida .  plan is only temporary , until the southeast gets some much-needed rain .  u.s. official : georgia , florida , alabama governors also want long-term solutio .
 southwest tops zagat airline survey <sec> southwest swept several customer satisfaction categories in a zagat survey .  southwest is one of the few airlines that allows customers to check their bags for free .  singapore airlines was the top-rated international airline for both premium and economy seating .  for the forth year in a row , laguardia was voted the worst airpor .
 businesses cruise more to meetings -- literally <sec> meetings on cruise ships give participants a fresh outlook , event planners say .  all-inclusive cruise events can lower costs for host companies .  royal caribbean has 22 ships with conference centers , but corporate business is still smal .
 quest : why survival of the eurozone depends on leaders spinning plates <sec> cnn 's richard quest : i often think of european officials as the proverbial `` plate spinners '' .  the plates are greece , spanish banks , italian deficits , eurobonds , and merkel .  some plates are always spinning , while others need sudden attention .  but it is the skill of the artists that matter -- and they show no sign of bringing act to clos .
 who is chapel hill shooting suspect craig hicks ? <sec> craig hicks ' wife says he believes everyone is equal .  posts on what 's believed to be his facebook page rail against religion .  neighbors say he was known for angrily confronting people over loud music , parkin .
 penn state president removed , paterno out immediately <sec> new : paterno tells students outside his house , `` it 's going to take some time to get used to '' .  trustees dismiss spanier , remove paterno as head coach immediately .  u.s. department of education investigating penn state .  `` with the benefit of hindsight , i wish i had done more , '' paterno say .
 veterans in congress at lowest level since world war ii <sec> 115 members of the new congress -- 20 % -- have served in the military .  in 1975 , 70 % of the members of congress were veterans .  the top u.s. military advisor is concerned about a disconnect between the military and civilian .
 iraqi lawmakers reject draft bill extending stay of non-u.s. troops <sec> measure sent back to iraqi cabinet members for reworking , lawmaker says .  it would have allowed foreign troops to remain in iraq after december 31 .  bill does n't apply to u.s. troops , who are to be out of iraq by the end of 2011 .  lawmakers questioned legitimacy of legislation 's first reading or raised other issue .
 amanda knox 's ex finds her behavior odd , as appeals case looms <sec> the united cry of innocence may be crumbling , as raffaele sollecito changes his tone .  he finds knox 's behavior , the morning meredith kercher was found dead , odd .  his lawyer advises that his case must be considered separately from hers .  sollecito still says the evidence exonerates them bot .
 british open : golf great gary player on a mission to save lives <sec> gary player won nine majors and nine senior majors in stellar career .  south african golfer renowned for his grueling fitness regime .  travels world to preach health and fitness message .  has a 'passion to save lives .
 police evict occupy boston protesters ; 46 arrested <sec> police arrested 46 people saturday morning in boston .  `` occupy '' protesters have been encamped there since late september .  `` occupy boston is not done ! .  you ca n't evict an idea ! .  : ) , '' read one twitter post .  a judge ruled that protesters ' first amendment rights do not extend to seizing and holding area .
 13 injured when bounce houses go airborne in new york <sec> three bounce houses float away at a soccer tournament in new york .  thirteen people suffer minor injuries .  `` it was like something out of a movie , '' marianna rhatigan say .
 lady bird johnson dead at 94 <sec> former first lady , widow of lyndon baines johnson , dies in texas .  she was treated last month for fever , suffered a stroke in 2002 .  former claudia alta taylor was successful businesswoman .  after term ended , she became highway-beautification advocat .
 8 family members among 14 shot dead near baghdad <sec> 14 are found dead north of baghdad , police say .  they were taken by men in military uniforms , police say .  11 others die in shootings and blasts elsewher .
 hundreds of thousands flee coastal louisiana ahead of gustav <sec> new : louisiana governor : an estimated 10,000 still in new orleans .  hurricane gustav could make landfall by early monday afternoon .  first day of gop convention to be shortened because of storm .  federal computer model says gustav could cause up to $ 29.3b in damag .
 lebanon says it was hit by rockets launched from syria <sec> new : iran slams the eu 's decision to lift its embargo on arming syrian rebels .  new : at least 112 people are reported killed across syria on tuesday .  `` we are being subjected to genocide at the hands of hezbollah , '' rebel chief says .  three lebanese soldiers killed at checkpoint near syrian border by unknown attacker .
 trio found guilty of rwandan genocide <sec> bagosora guilty of masterminding genocide which left at least 800,000 dead .  genocide began after plane carrying the leaders of rwanda , burundi crashed .  bagosora was charged with genocide and crimes against humanity .  the united nations established the genocide tribunal in late 199 .
 what 's next for the arab spring ? <sec> marwan muasher : doomsayers who say arab spring is petering out are wrong ; it is irreversible .  muasher : elites and protesters are at an impasse , need to move toward consensus building .  protesters need political parties and programs , he says , and elites must reform .  it will be hard , he says , but the only way ahead in the arab world is a sharing of powe .
 lack of soap means illness , death for millions of children <sec> millions of people in developing countries do n't have access to soap or clean water .  many young children die because their immune systems ca n't fight diarrheal diseases .  often , experts say , children and their parents do n't even know how to wash their hands .  cdc doctor : `` to change a community 's habits , reach the children first .
 san diego mayor bob filner in mediation amid recall effort <sec> city council president , mayor bob filner , others in mediation meeting , source says .  mayor 's supporters hold `` we will not be silent '' rally monday .  recall organizers need to collect more than 101,000 signatures by september 26 .  at least 16 women have accused filner of inappropriate behavio .
 new york demands documentary footage on central park five case <sec> new york 's demand stems from an attempt to defend against lawsuits .  the filmmaker says he is fighting the city 's request .  the so-called central park five case dates back to 198 .
 boris nemtsov : opposition figure who took on putin <sec> boris nemtsov was a former deputy prime minister who became an opposition leader .  he was a fierce critic of president vladimir putin , including his policy on ukrain .
 hiv deaths among african-americans drop 18 % , cdc says <sec> a report released thursday by the centers for disease control and prevention covers the years 2008 to 2012 .  though the decline is encouraging , 8,165 african-american hiv patients died in 2012 .  the report comes just two days before national black hiv/aids awareness da .
 an incredibly safe year for air travel <sec> in the u.s. , not a single passenger was killed in an accident on a passenger flight .  eighteen scheduled passenger flights had 373 fatalities in 2011 .  russia was the worst offender , with three accidents killing 56 peopl .
 afghan civilian deaths rise sharply in 2008 <sec> new : afghan civilian deaths up 60 percent from last year , u.n. says .  new : increase attributed to intensifying taliban attacks , roadside bombs .  troop deaths also up from 2007 as june marks deadliest month since war began .  british nato soldier dies in mine explosion in helmand provinc .
 ups backlog means missing christmas gifts ; amazon responds <sec> `` we 're terribly sorry , '' ups says .  the company could n't handle the volume of air packages it received .  ups is not making deliveries on christmas .  amazon refunds some shipping charges , offers gift card .
 stephen colbert visits david letterman and new 'late show ' home <sec> stephen colbert appeared on the `` late show '' with david letterman .  colbert will be the next host of the talk show .  letterman plans to retire in 201 .
 solo aims to emulate 'inspirational ' team of '99 <sec> hope solo has told cnn the u.s. women 's team are inspired by the '99 world champions .  solo wants the 2011 team to create their own piece of history .  pia sundhage 's u.s. team face japan in the women 's world cup final on sunda .
 should criminal investigations be crowdsourced ? <sec> reddit received some criticism for its handling of the boston marathon bomber case .  some reddit users , poring over images , fingered innocent people as potential suspects .  reddit general manager erik martin says he regrets `` this type of witch hunt '' .  cybersecurity expert doug white : the media are only as good as their contributors .
 champions league contenders malaga handed ban for financial irregularities <sec> malaga banned from uefa competitions for financial irregularities .  la liga side into last 16 of this season 's champions league competition .  one season ban would take effect in any of four seasons from 2013/14 .  first leading club to fall foul of ffp rules imposed by european governing bod .
 book alleges paris hilton had special hiding place for drugs <sec> the book was written by a former `` girls gone wild '' cameraman .  the `` girls gone wild '' creator is suing the book 's author and publisher .  hilton has not responded to the drug allegatio .
 pope 's book on jesus challenges christmas traditions <sec> pope benedict says the accepted date for jesus ' birth is several years off .  his book says the gospels do not support the presence of animals at jesus ' birth .  he is releasing `` jesus of nazareth -- the infancy narratives '' in time for christmas .  the book has an initial print run of more than a million copies , in several language .
 hover bikes and laser lights : the sci-fi future of cycling <sec> new inventions turning low-tech bikes into sci-fi machines .  a thai firm is working on a bicycle that doubles as an air filter .  mit has developed a wheel that turns ordinary bikes into electric hybrids .  `` blaze '' beams a laser onto the road to increase cycle safet .
 16 arrested in colorado on drug , gun charges ; total of 46 indicted <sec> 16 suspected gang members arrested in morning raids in greeley , colorado .  total of 46 people indicted in colorado probe on federal drug and gun charges .  fbi agent : these are `` violent street offenders '' .  four people were charged with selling drugs near school .
 longtime miami homicide detective reveals tips on coaxing confessions <sec> veteran miami homicide detective opens up about interrogating suspects .  retired detective marshall frank writes crime novels and holds seminars .  since his detective days , frank has changed his mind about the death penalty .  frank describes how he elicited a confession from convicted killer paul eugene rowle .
