 dominique strauss-kahn to advise serbian government , official says <sec> deputy prime minister 's office official : he 'll work with government on economic affairs .  the appointment will be announced tuesday , the serbian official says .  he resigned as imf chief in 2011 after being charged with sexual assault in new york .  the charges in new york were eventually dropped , and strauss-kahn settled a civil cas .
 father 's campaign : more time off for grieving parents <sec> barry kluger has heard from parents who do n't get time to grieve .  three days of leave `` does n't make any sense , '' he says .  a pending bill would extend parental bereavement leav .
 stranded in yemen : americans left to find own way out <sec> no official way out for americans stranded amid fighting in yemen .  u.s. deputy chief of mission says situation is very dangerous so no mass evacuation is planne .
 the script finds magic after years of struggle <sec> musicians spent several years as struggling writers and producers in the u.s . .  they decided to form a band when they returned to ireland .  the group 's self-titled debut came out in august 2008 in britain .  this year , the band has been the opening act for u2 and paul mccartne .
 timeline : chris christie and jerry jones - cnnpolitics.com <sec> chris christie and jerry jones say they 've been friends since september 2013 .  the timing of their friendship has come under question because jones partially owns a company that won a contract for a port authority project .  jones has treated christie to a cowboys game free of charg .
 jockey who refused to stay in the kitchen <sec> 1960s america was a time of shaking up the establishment -- and sport was no exception .  diane crump caused controversy as the first professional female jockey .  needed a police escort onto hilaleah park race track amid swarming hecklers .  became first female rider at kentucky derby in a career spanning three decade .
 opinion : what north korea could learn from myanmar <sec> john kim and daniel freedman : could the hermit kingdom be the next myanmar ? .  kim , freedman : myanmar surprised everyone by its reforms , and western investors responded .  they say north korean leadership may not want to rely solely on china for its needs .  kim , freedman : visits to north korea or interactions with its people should be encourage .
 firm offers to settle toxic waste case in ivory coast <sec> u.n. says 2006 dumping in ivory coast killed 15 people , sickened about 100,000 .  firm offers $ 1,536 per person to settle suit stemming from dumping of toxic waste .  settlement potentially could be worth $ 46 million ; judge must still approve deal .  dutch firm trafigura says contractor dumped toxic waste , but it denies responsibilit .
 cell-phone ringtones can amuse , annoy <sec> ringtones are one way for people to showcase their personalities and feelings .  one third of cell-phone users download ringtones ; 40 percent change ringtones often .  virginia woman uses destiny 's child 's `` bugaboo '' as ringtone for dreaded callers .  utah man customized a pro-obama ringtone to annoy republican co-worker .
 un envoy calls for thousands more troops to battle somali militants <sec> the threat level is going up , a u.n. envoy says .  additional troops will help combat a rising threat by islamist rebel .
 klitschko - i sent haye into reality rehab <sec> wladimir klitschko tells cnn he has put some 'reality ' into david haye 's life .  klitschko and elder brother vitali were speaking to cnn sport in london .  wladimir also reveals his victory over haye was the highlight of his career so fa .
 will egypt 's jon stewart be stifled ? <sec> bassem youssef , a heart surgeon , is a satirical sensation on egyptian tv .  his show mercilessly mocks politicians and religious radicals , says h.a . .  hellyer .  a legal complaint has been filed against him for insulting egypt 's president on the show .  if the case proceeds , there could be free-speech repercussions , says hellye .
 swine flu goes to college <sec> five days into new year , u. of kansas at lawrence has 47 cases of swine flu .  no one has died or been hospitalized because of the illness .  last week , the cdc released tips for school administrators to follow .  universities and colleges across the country are bracing for swine flu spik .
 nhl players finally set to return to ice after lockout <sec> nhl owners locked out their players and sought a new labor deal .  they reached a tentative deal last weekend , and it was finalized on saturday .  the league 's teams will play a 48-game regular seaso .
 'nevermind , ' never again ? <sec> nirvana and the `` grunge '' movement helped open doors for hundreds of `` alternative '' acts .  nirvana 's second album , `` nevermind , '' has a verse-chorus-verse pop structure .  pearl jam 's debut `` ten , '' full of weighty anthems , took several months to gain tractio .
 seattle : where to shop <sec> you have to visit pike place market , a fantastic , historic farmers market .  downtown is the place for chain stores ; capitol hill is great for boutiques .  seattle is full of independent bookshops -- elliot bay bookstore is the best .  archie mcphee is a bizarre store where you can buy some quirky souvenir .
 cuba suspends consular services in u.s . <sec> new : state department says it will try to assist cuba .  cuba says it no longer has bank in u.s. to handle consular matters .  this could affect travel transactions for visitors , citizens .  relatives in u.s. have been able to visit cub .
 obama 's deportation record : inside the numbers - cnnpolitics.com <sec> adminstration officials say they deported a record number of people last year .  critics say obama deserves little credit , and that deportation numbers are basically flat .  critics have accused the administration of taking steps in the past to inflate deportation numbers .  liberals and conservatives are concerned over current deportation polic .
 jury convicts man in killing of chandra levy in 2001 <sec> new : u.s. attorney says verdict shows murderers will be held accountable .  new : police chief defends handling of case , which first focused on gary condit .  the body was found over a year after she disappeared ; charges came 9 years later .  chandra levy 's mother : `` there 's always going to be a feeling of sadness .
 dogs , ferrari , strangers -- weird stipulations <sec> people have put some very bizarre stipulations in their wills .  socialite buried `` in lace nightgown ... in my ferrari , with seat slanted comfortably '' .  two very rich women left millions to their dogs .  comic book writer had his ashes mixed with ink for anthology .  iowa lawyer left money for library banning all female writers and visitor .
 amanda knox lawyer makes emotional plea for acquittal <sec> new : prosecutor accuses defense of `` lynching '' police who worked on case .  defense lawyer for amanda knox becomes emotional during wednesday 's closing argument .  luciano ghirga sobs as he tells the jury knox is innocent and has been mistreated .  knox , an american student , is accused of murdering her british roommate in ital .
 octuplets ' mom signs tv show deal <sec> nadya suleman gave birth to octuplets in january and had 6 children already .  suleman will star in a tv show , produced by eyeworks ' british division .  the `` quasi-reality tv series '' would film the lives of her children in documentary styl .
 michael jackson 's mom talks about motherhood , family <sec> `` a mother 's job is never done , '' katherine jackson says .  singer 's mother launches her flower collection online .  `` flowers make me feel happy , '' she says .  she dreads the trial of the doctor charged in her son 's deat .
 'oitnb ' writer : show helped me realize i was gay <sec> `` orange is the new black '' writer determined her sexuality while working on the show .  she 's now in the process of divorcing her husband .  according to reports , the writer is now dating one of `` oitnb 's '' star .
 colin powell endorses obama <sec> new : obama praises powell at rally in fayetteville , north carolina .  ex-secretary of state colin powell voting for barack obama .  powell makes announcement on `` meet the press '' sunday .  john mccain says announcement does not come as a surpris .
 obama says 2013 was n't worst of presidency <sec> new : `` we screwed it up , '' obama says of health care website woes .  he said the united states is heading into next year with a stronger economy .  obama 's 41 % approval rating in a new cnn/orc poll ties a record low for him .  polls go up and down , president obama says , while his concern is helping peopl .
 mh370 search area will double if no trace found <sec> malaysia , australia and china announce possible new phase of hunt for missing plane .  the search of the current priority zone is expected to be completed in ma .
 a governor who tests gop strategy <sec> julian zelizer : new jersey gov . .  chris christie is earning praise for tackling budget problems .  he says christie 's focus on cutting spending is a test for the republican party .  it runs counter to a national gop trend of stressing issues such as birthright citizenship , he says .  zelizer : christie , others in gop like him could give democrats trouble in many state .
 this week on marketplace middle east <sec> an exclusive interview with the ruler of dubai and prime minister of the uae .  h.h sheikh mohammed bin rashid al maktoum on the financial crisis .  also , dubai 's ruler explains how the emirate created its own niche market .
 sunken ship of 'moby-dick ' captain found <sec> archaeologists find remains of whaling ship two brothers .  its master sailed another vessel that sank after it was hit by a large whale .  the crew members of the sunken essex resorted to cannibalism .  herman melville 's `` moby-dick '' drew on an account of the esse .
 high court again stays out of big fish dispute <sec> six midwest states , canadian province of ontario want action on asian carp .  they want the court to order illinois to shut down locks and dams and build a fish barrier .  the large , voracious asian carp is seen as a threat to native species .  the fish got into the mississippi river system from a fish farm during a flood in the 1990 .
 my mother 's escape from khmer rouge <sec> a tribunal has begun prosecution of crimes committed by the khmer rouge regime .  sophal ear says his mother , who fled cambodia , believed killers would pay for their crime .  she and her children were able to escape from cambodia by posing as vietnamese .  ear 's mother worked hard in france , u.s. , to make sure her children got a good educatio .
 nato oks patriots and delivers warning : 'do n't even think about attacking turkey ' <sec> 155 syrians are dead tuesday , including 30 in a shelling at a school , the lcc says .  syrian forces are mixing chemical warfare agents , a u.s. official says .  the syrian foreign ministry denies plans to use such weapon .
 female designer ? join cnn on international women 's day <sec> are you a female artist or designer ? .  cnn needs your help for a voluntary international women 's day project .  we 'd like you to illustrate the inspiring words of a great woman .  your work could be seen by cnn 's global audienc .
 ryan 's clandestine journey to romney 's ticket went from 'surreal to real ' <sec> ryan took secret trip to meet with romney before he was picked .  longtime aide beth myers worked with romney to prevent leaks to media .  all the candidates ' records were kept in a safe in campaign hq .  memorial for victims of sikh temple shooting delayed rollout by a da .
 europe falls out of love with obama over nsa spying claims <sec> allegations of surveillance by u.s. on european allies has strained relations .  u.s. ambassadors have been summoned in paris and berlin to explain actions .  many are asking if eu can -- or should -- now agree free trade deal with the u.s . .  snowden allegations changed mood in europe , forcing leaders to take tougher lin .
 suspect in five arizona killings apparently kills self <sec> police say brian diez , 26 , shot six people , killing five of them .  diez abducted two children , whom he fathered with one of the victims , police say .  the children were found safe early sunda .
 the band perry talks brad paisley , parties and pranks <sec> the band perry has four hits , including `` if i die young '' and `` postcard from paris '' .  the siblings are promoting the outnumber hunger program to help stock food banks .  touring with brad paisley is a mix of parties and pranks , the group say .
 u.n. condemns killing of french journalist in central african republic <sec> french troops found camille lepage 's body in a vigilante group 's vehicle .  france vows to use `` all necessary means '' to find her killers .  sectarian violence has killed thousands of people in car since last year .  the u.s. announces sanctions against some of those involved in the crisi .
 los angeles airport terminal shuts briefly after dry ice explodes <sec> new : small explosion happened in employee restroom , fbi says .  new : fbi , other agencies seeking 'individual or group responsible ' .  terminal 2 serves international flight .
 should western nations just pay isis ransom ? ( opinion ) <sec> peter bergen , emily schneider : isis wanted $ 132.5 million in ransom for james foley .  sometimes ransom works , but it can lead to more kidnapping , the writers say .  minus a rescue or escape , options grim for nations -- ransom or execution , they sa .
 convicted rfk assassin denied parole <sec> sirhan sirhan will not be eligible for parole again for five years .  two psychologists ' reports say sirhan poses no threat to society , his attorney says .  sirhan , 66 , is serving a life sentence for the 1968 slaying of robert kenned .
 gaming to death : what turns hobby into health hazard ? <sec> earlier this month a man was found dead in a taiwan cafe after a three-day gaming binge .  any activity taken to excess can become addictive for a minority , writes mark griffiths .  he says instead of demonizing games , more education should be given on excessive us .
 alda talks to himself , others on the meaning of life <sec> alan alda had near-death experience in 2003 ; new book is search for meaning .  book celebrates colleagues , examples they set .  alda uses fear of certain challenges to motivate himsel .
 bacon , ex-pentagon spokesman , refugee advocate , dies <sec> bacon , 64 , died from an aggressive melanoma that spread to his brain .  he was pentagon spokesman during the clinton administration .  bacon also had been president of refugees international since 2001 .  before going to pentagon , he was reporter and editor at wall street journa .
 ngo slams u.n. work in central african republic <sec> medecins sans frontieres says the united nations has done too little to help the car .  in an open letter , msf accuses u.n. agencies of an `` appalling performance '' on the ground .  tens of thousands of people have been left in dire need by u.n. failures , letter says .  violence has flared in the central african republic over the past yea .
 living in a time warp <sec> social networking allows those who enjoy past eras to connect .  `` timewarpians '' enjoy dressing and living as they would in the past .  some say this is partially a reaction to modern day stresses , problems .  check out more stories of those `` living in a time warp '' on cnn irepor .
 u.n. must stand up for rights of iranians <sec> co-authors say u.n. human rights council has yet to take serious action against abuses in iran .  they say many protesters against conduct of election have been killed or jailed .  iran is seeking to gain a seat on the human rights council .  co-authors says seating iran would be a betrayal of that nation 's civil rights movemen .
 opinion : where 's the evidence that data mining saves lives ? <sec> should you care that the government is collecting telephone and internet data ? .  shane harris says attitudes to privacy have changed .  massive quantity of data is unlikely to yield evidence of terrorist plots , he says .  harris : we need hard evidence that trading off privacy for security actually work .
 borg credited with changing tennis <sec> bjorn borg led the way for swedish players to become a success in the game .  borg won 11 major titles in a glittering career despite retiring aged just 25 .  borg 's double-handed backhand with topspin revolutionized the game of tenni .
 barcelona slips up in pursuit of record breaking real <sec> barcelona held to 0-0 draw at getafe .  loses ground to real madrid in la liga title race .  chelsea beats hull to stay top of english premier league .  bayern munich 10 points clear in bundeslig .
 q & a ; : what 's behind the chicago teachers ' strike ? <sec> length of school day , evaluations , compensation among major issues .  the chicago teachers union represents 26,000 teachers .  chicago public school teachers are some of the best paid in the natio .
 judge orders renoir bought at flea market returned to museum <sec> renoir painted `` paysage bords de seine '' in 1879 .  a paris gallery bought the painting , and a collector later purchased it .  the painting was loaned to the baltimore museum of art , which reported it stolen in 1951 .  in 2010 , a woman bought it at a flea market for $ 7 ; it 's valued between $ 75,000 and $ 100,00 .
 weirdest travel gear <sec> beltzbib hooks over the shoulder and catches any food that falls short of your mouth while driving .  the gasbgon seat cushion is designed to muffle the sound and smell of breaking wind .  the plastic bananabunker safeguards snacks from getting banged around in your ba .
 global luxury brands cash in on more mainland chinese travelers <sec> more mainland chinese are traveling overseas , buying luxury brands , says kpmg .  71 % of chinese polled traveled overseas in 2012 , compared to 53 % in 2008 .  60 % of respondents prefer hong kong , taiwan , macau for cosmetics , perfumes .  20 % of those polled said they went to europe in 2012 , up from 3 % in 200 .
 queen elizabeth ii and frankel : capturing greatness <sec> `` frankel the great '' portrait to be unveiled at ascot racecourse .  the 3d image was created by artist chris levine .  levine photographer british monarch queen elizabeth in 2004 .  kate moss and grace jones have also posed for levin .
 even state immigration laws have to face reality <sec> tamar jacoby : states grappling with immigration by making own laws have made bad policy .  she says feds failed at immigration reform , now states just focus on enforcement .  she says more visas for good workers needed as well as ways to protect u.s. workers .  jacoby : silver lining to bad laws is that they clarify need , can help start dialogue about realit .
 still no success in plugging crack at japanese nuclear plant <sec> new : tokyo electric may wrap nuclear plant buildings in sheeting to curb radiation .  the 2nd try to plug a leak where radioactive water is entering the sea has n't succeeded .  ge 's chairman holds talks in tokyo about the plant , which the u.s. firm partly designed .  japanese minister : `` the nuclear crisis is expected to go on for a long time .
 'great schlep ' pitches obama to florida jews <sec> the great schlep has jewish democrats pitching barack obama to elders in florida .  schlep is a yiddish word meaning to pull or tug .  organizer : some traditionally democratic jews reluctant to support obama .  florida has 650,000 jews , many of them democrat .
 the facts about emotional eating <sec> celebratory or comforting meals can often make people feel remorse for indulging themselves .  `` foods that are laden with carbohydrates , sugar , or fat simply taste delicious , '' says heather hausenblas , ph.d . .  if you punish yourself after eating , your emotional eating may have gone too fa .
 9 questions about ukraine <sec> what 's going on in eastern ukraine ? .  what do the people in the east want ? .  what does russia want ? .  is it on the brink of civil war .
 henry scores winner on arsenal return <sec> french striker thierry henry scores the winning goal on his return for arsenal .  henry comes off the bench to settle arsenal 's third round fa cup tie with leeds .  the 34-year-old has signed a two-month loan deal from the new york red bulls .  henry says he is speechless at scoring in his first appearance for the club in five year .
 commentary : brown-rihanna case 's dangerous message <sec> jane velez-mitchell : singer chris brown facing felony charges for beating .  she says his girlfriend rihanna reportedly has reconciled with brown .  velez-mitchell : the case sends worst possible message to young people .  she says women must have zero-tolerance policy on domestic violenc .
 s. korea police chief resigns amid outrage over murder <sec> cho hyun-oh acknowledges police bungled an emergency call .  the woman who called was later found murdered .  cho says police also attempted to cover up their mistak .
