 polio workers come under fresh attack in pakistan <sec> new : pakistan is one of three countries in the world where polio has yet to be eradicated .  new : the taliban announced a ban on polio vaccinations in june .  10 workers have been killed in recent months .  pakistanis have viewed polio vaccination campaigns with suspicio .
 do the monster mash <sec> a little-known dj , danger mouse , released `` the grey album '' in 2003 .  it pioneered a new genre -- `` mash-ups '' -- splicing elements from two different tracks .  vocals are from jay z 's `` black album '' and music from the beatles ' `` white album '' .  it ssues of copyright and the relationship between artists and audience .
 boston suspects ' mother shares doubts over marathon attack <sec> zubeidat tsarnaev is in a u.s. database that includes terror suspects , official says .  russia raised concerns to u.s. about her and her son in 2011 , sources say .  zubeidat tsarnaev 's sons are allegedly responsible for the deadly boston bombings .  she believes the bombings may have been fake and that her sons are innocen .
 russia 's vladimir putin reappears after absence <sec> official : vladimir putin has put russia 's northern fleet on alert to check its capacity .  putin makes light of his absence , saying , `` it would be boring without gossip '' .  the russian president meets with president of kyrgyzstan in st. petersburg , russi .
 photographs give a glimpse of ariel castro 's yard <sec> jail logs show what castro has been up to since thursday .  he is charged with four counts of kidnapping and three counts of rape .  the images of castro 's cleveland backyard show bicycles , barbed wire and a chain .  the photos were taken over the weekend by a neighbo .
 south africa declares days of mourning for anti-apartheid icon <sec> albertina sisulu and her husband played a pivotal role in the fight to end apartheid .  president jacob zuma declares days of national mourning .  he says flags would fly at half-mast until the day of buria .
 turkish flight attendants see red over lipstick policy <sec> critics take to social media to voice outrage over new dress code .  the airline is turkey 's national flag carrier .  turkey 's culture pits muslim elite against the old guard secularist .
 sci-fi prophet wraps high-tech trilogy <sec> `` zero history '' is the final installment in a trilogy about billionaire hubertus bigend .  sci-fi author william gibson is credited with coining the term `` cyberspace '' .  the author wrote about internet , reality tv and guerilla marketing before they became popular .  gibson : `` i see twitter as a virtual extension of 'the street . ' .  you can run into anybody . .
 basketball 's shaquille o'neal pays for north carolina girl 's funeral <sec> star paid for funeral of shaniya davis , who was kidnapped , raped and murdered .  o'neal : `` i wanted her to have a funeral that would be as beautiful as she was '' .  o'neal said in statement he was touched after seeing story on hln 's `` nancy grace '' .  andrette mcneill charged with murder ; girl 's mother accused of prostituting he .
 daughter to mother who reappeared after 11 years : rot in hell <sec> brenda heist disappeared from her pennsylvania home in 2002 .  heist turned herself in to police in florida as a missing person .  she was distraught over an impending divorce and finances , a detective say .
 despite facebook , privacy is far from dead <sec> critics say the rise of facebook coincides with the death of privacy .  amitai etzioni says privacy is better protected now than in earlier eras .  he says documents are encrypted , and laws prohibit invading medical privacy .  etzioni : those who use facebook should be aware of the privacy they 're surrenderin .
 amanpour to girls of the world : it 's time to power the globe <sec> christiane amanpour writes an open letter to girls of the world .  `` all the number crunchers have it right on this one : education = empowerment , '' she say .
 verizon has network trouble early wednesday <sec> verizon wireless experiences network problems on wednesday morning .  mobile internet is disrupted from 1:40 to 5 a.m . .  et on wednesday , company say .
 india and pakistan trade accusations over kashmir violence <sec> new : indian minister warns against letting emotions `` run away with the situation '' .  new delhi says pakistani troops killed two of its soldiers in kashmir .  pakistan 's military denies the accusations .  islamabad says one of its soldiers died in another clash sunda .
 peace corps scales back in central america amid raging violence <sec> all 158 volunteers currently serving in honduras will be placed on administrative leave .  training classes for new volunteers are canceled for el salvador and guatemala .  peace corps has operated in honduras since 1963 .  homicide rates there more than doubled between 2005 and 201 .
 ditch the 14th amendment ? why stop there ? <sec> roland martin says gop and far right calling for repeal of 14th amendment .  they want to kill provision that allows kids born in u.s. automatic citizenship , he says .  he says while they 're at it , how about retooling entire constitution to suit political climate .  martin : wake me up when this silly sideshow is over and it 's time to tackle real problem .
 ahmed farouq : leader of al qaeda 's indian branch killed <sec> ahmed farouq was a leader in al qaeda 's india branch .  he was killed in a u.s. counterterrorism airstrike in january .  like adam gadahn , farouq was american and part of al qaed .
 flood-ravaged midwest communities weigh buyouts <sec> five states considering plan to buy flood-zone property from homeowners .  residents who qualify could sell to states or communities .  fema would pick up three quarters of the cost .  program could apply to illinois , indiana , wisconsin , iowa and missour .
 1 man , 2 murders lead to tough laws for sex crimes against children <sec> chelsea 's law is one of four bills stemming from murders committed by john gardner iii .  chelsea 's law mandates life without parole for forcible sex offenses against minors .  three bills backed by amber dubois ' father address missing children searches .  bills await governor 's approval in what could send ripple effect across countr .
 filmmaker asserts new evidence on crash of twa flight 800 <sec> twa family member cites `` internet conspiracies '' .  producer : `` one or more ordnance explosions outside the aircraft caused the crash '' .  `` twa flight 800 '' will premiere july 17 , the anniversary of the crash .  ntsb investigator insists evidence showed an explosion inside the fuel tan .
 keep your dog from humping the guests <sec> andrew zbeeb kate jackson agree that it 's important to address `` special hugging '' early and often .  to correct naughty dogs caught in the act , separate them immediately .  cursing or yelling only worsens the proble .
 do n't repeal americans ' health care lifeline <sec> lz granderson : if you 're a politician , you are assured of good health care .  many americans ca n't pay for basics , he says ; poverty is linked to bad health .  gop ignores crisis , he says , vowing to repeal reform but offering no options .  granderson : health care access has been a problem for 80 years ; time to fix i .
 russian warship apprehends somali pirates <sec> russian cruiser halted two small high-speed motor boats and a support vessel .  russia : 10 pirates have been detained -- all of them are citizens of somalia .  mt chemstar venus released late thursday , ecoterra international says .  follows release of ukrainian ship carrying tanks after a $ 3.2m ransom was pai .
 suspect in ship hijacking charged with piracy <sec> new : criminal complaint says pirate suspect `` conducted himself as the leader '' .  judge rules piracy suspect will be tried as an adult .  abduwali abdukhadir muse also faces conspiracy charges .  suspect 's father says he 's 15 ; prosecution says boy indicated he 's olde .
 winter storm causes massive kentucky outage <sec> new : 3 die of carbon monoxide poisoning in louisville , mayor says .  new : moderate snowstorms expected to continue into saturday .  nine weather-related deaths have been reported , governor says .  more than 607,000 customers without power , state say .
 family of ny woman killed in turkey still faces telling her young sons <sec> the body of sarai sierra was found in istanbul , turkey , on saturday .  the staten island , new york , woman went missing in turkey some 10 days earlier .  her husband and brother traveled to istanbul to assist in the search .  sierra 's family says they await the return of her husband to tell her sons of their mother 's fat .
 federer , switzerland win first davis cup tennis title <sec> switzerland wins its first davis cup title after roger federer routs richard gasquet .  the swiss win the series 3-1 in lille to disappoint most of the large crowd in northern france .  federer has won almost everything in his career , just missing an olympic singles gold .  he got support from stan wawrinka , who shone in his two matches this weeken .
 chad , sudan sign peace deal <sec> sudan , chad presidents sign agreement aiming to halt cross-border hostilities .  signing came after nearly two days of talks between presidents of sudan and chad .  each accuses other of supporting rebels that attempt to destabilize the government .  just hours before agreement , chad claimed rebels from sudan had crossed borde .
 obama slams mccain on middle class <sec> barack obama criticizes john mccain for not saying `` middle class '' in debate .  mccain says that 's what he meant by `` main street '' .  obama campaign has new ad saying mccain `` does n't get it '' .  mccain campaign slams obama on tax polic .
 australian open : stan wawrinka 's escape act <sec> stan wawrinka drops his first set at the australian open .  but the swiss rallies in a fourth-set tiebreak to advance .  serena williams also rallies , against garbine muguruza .  novak djokovic and dominika cibulkova progress to the quarterfinals , to .
 why men act out against women <sec> anthony porter says most men respect women and honor the women in their lives .  he says male attitudes enable some to lash out at women .  men are taught not to express their emotions , porter says .  men who treat women as property or as objects help enable violence , he say .
 recession reality bites japan 's anime industry <sec> association of japanese animators says industry rocked by recession .  group also says free internet downloading is having a deadly effect .  japanese animation is roughly a $ 2 billion a year industry .  revenues peaked in 2006 ; lower advertising revenues lead to fewer new program .
 walker builds 2016 team with likely campaign manager - cnnpolitics.com <sec> wisconsin gov . .  scott walker has tapped a national political strategist to serve as his campaign manager should he decide to run for president .  rick wiley is a former republican national committee political director and veteran of multiple presidential campaign .
 bordeaux clinch french title with 1-0 win <sec> bordeaux beat relegated caen 1-0 to clinch the french league title .  marseille finish runners-up despite 4-0 home win over rennes .  atletico madrid clinch champions league spot from primera liga .  besiktas claim turkish league title with 2-1 win over denizlispo .
 joe biden apologizes to turkey . uae - cnnpolitics.com <sec> vice president joe biden apologizes to the uae .  he had said at harvard that allies inadvertently strengthened isis .  turkey 's president recep tayyip erdogan demanded an apology from biden .  biden said erdogan told him that turkey had let too many foreign fighters through the borde .
 new uk cabinet agrees to pay cuts <sec> tackling the country 's towering budget deficit is a priority for uk 's new government .  cabinet members have agreed to take a five-percent pay cut .  salary cuts and pay freeze will save approximately £3 millio .
 judge revokes chris brown 's probation <sec> brown allegedly refused to give another driver his license , insurance info after a wreck .  the other driver told police brown screamed and cursed at her after the minor crash .  brown remains free until another hearing on august 16 .  the singer faces another probation violation for allegedly failing to complete community servic .
 conyers davis crowdsources to bring kenyan marathoners to california <sec> san francisco man reads book called `` running with the kenyans '' .  he uses facebook to find two runners mentioned in the book .  he starts fund-raiser to bring them to california to run in a marathon .  the marathon is sunda .
 granny dot -- a one-woman uso <sec> soldier remembers kind stranger who wrote him letters of encouragement .  army 1st sgt . .  brian vasquez says he would do anything for granny dot .  dorothy landgraf wrote hundreds of letters every month from 1991 to 2003 .  she says the soldiers are important and she is patrioti .
 facebook looks to block isis clothing sales <sec> clothes supporting isis slogans are available on a host of websites and social media .  facebook is disabling accounts that sell the merchandise when it sees them .  many of the retail sites are in indonesia , where some may be sympathetic to isis , analysts sa .
 defying ban , iranian women watch world cup with men in public <sec> women defy ban on watching sports with men to cheer on iran in world cup .  ban was introduced after 1979 islamic revolution ; mixed crowds deemed un-islamic .  women continue to fight for equalit .
 burkina faso fairytale ready for one last chapter as nigeria awaits <sec> burkina faso will play nigeria in africa cup of nations final .  burkinabe saw off ghana 3-2 on penalties following 1-1 draw .  nigeria thrashed mali 4-1 in durban to seal place in final .  ghana will play mali in playoff for third place on saturda .
 obama chooses elena kagan for supreme court <sec> new : kagan hearings could wrap up by early august , gop senator says .  republicans promise close look at kagan 's record ; one says filibuster unlikely .  kagan has argued several high-profile cases before the supreme court .  conservative critics say she is too inexperienced to serve on the high cour .
 blind women help detect breast cancer <sec> blind women being trained to use their sensitive touch to detect breast cancer lumps .  called medical tactile examiners , they can spend more time on patients .  the 'discovering hands ' program takes place at a school in düren , west german .
 fire officials : 24 injured in harlem apartment blast <sec> new : four of the eight injured children came from same family , hospital says .  one child in critical condition , three in serious condition with burn injuries .  about 200 firefighters were at the scene in harlem .  residents say some sort of restaurant was being operated in bottom of buildin .
 gunmen attack nigerian school <sec> new : the 25 people killed include 22 students , a police official says .  new : `` we believe this was an inside job , '' the official says .  new : attackers called victims out by their names and killed them , '' he says .  the attack happened at a university in mubi , nigeri .
 murray eyes third successive shanghai crown after overpowering federer <sec> briton secures place in shanghai masters final with a 6-4 6-4 win over roger federer .  reigning u.s. open champion will play novak djokovic in sunday 's final .  serb also enjoys comfortable straight sets semifinal win over tomas berdych 6-3 6- .
 rapper ja rule pleads guilty to gun charge <sec> ja rule will face two years in prison after pleading guilty to gun charges .  34-year-old faced one second-degree weapons charge .  former grammy nominee will be registered as a gun offende .
 3 killed in pennsylvania town hall shooting ; suspect id 'd <sec> police identify the suspect as rockne newell of saylorsburg .  authorities say he had an ongoing dispute with officials about his property .  state police revise the death toll back to three .  a commissioner calls the location `` the quietest township in monroe county .
 five favorite moments from tuesday at the sochi olympics <sec> shaun white puts down the snowboard , picks up his guitar .  an american ski jumper writes history despite failing to fly as far as she wanted .  canadian coach helps a russian skier .  second grader sends lucky penny to snowboarder who won gol .
 occupy founders advise hong kong protesters to retreat <sec> hku survey shows 83 % say protesters should stop occupying roads in hong kong .  occupy central leader chan kin-man says occupation is `` controversial , '' may need to end .  6 were arrested yesterday after protesters tried breaking into a government buildin .
 rogue waves sweep teen kayakers into pacific ocean <sec> one kayaker has been missing since last week .  kayak guides rescued five of the teen kayakers .  the missing teenager 's father says the family wo n't seek legal action .  bold earth teen adventures was founded in 197 .
 green day cancels shows for lead singer billie joe armstrong 's rehab <sec> `` billie joe 's well-being is our main concern , '' bass player mike dirnt says .  armstrong , who sought treatment in september , `` is doing well , '' dirnt says .  2012 club dates are canceled , while next year 's shows are postponed .  green day 's `` tre ! '' .  album release is moved up to december 1 .
 2 dead after bomb blasts in eastern chinese city <sec> new : one of the dead is believed to be the man who allegedly planted the bombs , officials say .  one body was found at a government building and another person dies in the hospital .  officials did not confirm reports that the bombings were caused by an angry farmer .  the blasts shattered windows at an eight-story office , xinhua say .
 spokesman for embattled sen. burris resigns <sec> jason erkes , a spokesman for illinois sen. roland burris , steps down .  new questions arising over burris ' appointment to senate .  allegations burris not honest about requests to raise cash for blagojevich .  erkes does n't mention probe , says he must focus on his new busines .
 passenger says he helped thwart terror attack <sec> new : `` i was trying to search his body for any explosives , '' dutch passenger says .  new : `` we had very brave flight attendants that also helped . .  they are also heroes , '' he says .  jasper schuringa says he became suspicious when man did n't move amid panic .  heroic account not independently confirme .
 joan lunden , former 'gma ' host , talks about her battle with breast cancer <sec> `` gma '' host joan lunden revealed this week that she is in treatment for breast cancer .  discovery came after a precautionary ultrasound and biopsy .  lunden : `` i was scared that people would think i let them down .
 u.s. embassy staff , soldiers killed in baghdad blast <sec> new : another victim identified as italian-iraqi working for u.s. defense department .  new : child and policeman killed , dozens wounded in mosul suicide car bomb .  four americans and six iraqis among 11 dead in blast in baghdad 's sadr city .  u.s. military will transfer security responsibilities in anbar province to iraqi militar .
 senate seat for caroline kennedy would extend legacy <sec> late president 's daughter has expressed interest in hillary clinton 's office .  move would put kennedy in seat once filled by her uncle robert .  kennedy has a history of avoiding partisanship and spotlight .  she said this year she was inspired by barack obam .
 cnn poll : georgia senate race statistical tie - cnnpolitics.com <sec> democrat michelle nunn has a small 47 % -44 % edge over republican david perdue . .  that 's according to a new cnn/orc international survey .  if nunn wins , she 'd be the first democrat elected statewide in more than a decade .  the gubernatorial race between gov . .  nathan deal and democrat jason carter is also clos .
 south africa launch cup of nations appeal <sec> south africa have appeal after missing out on 2012 african cup of nations .  south africa topped group of goal difference , but missed out to niger on head-to-head .  seven-time champions egypt finished bottom of qualification group g .  nigeria , winners in 1980 and 1994 , also fail to qualif .
 spanish banks stop evictions for the next 2 years in cases of 'extreme necessity ' <sec> the main industry group for spanish banks announces a moratorium on some evictions .  the pledge follows two suicides of homeowners about to be evicted .  people have been protesting evictions during the recession as unemployment hit 25 % .  the banking association says 97 % of homeowners are paying their mortgages on tim .
 petraeus hands over command in afghanistan <sec> allen : `` in the end -- together we will prevail '' .  three service members die in an attack in eastern afghanistan .  gen. david petraeus is retiring from the military to take over the cia .  petraeus was the top u.s. commander in iraq and later led nato forces in afghanista .
 u.n. : 11.6 million africans made homeless by conflict <sec> african leaders converge to tackle problem of conflict-displaced people .  nearly half of the displaced people in the world are found in africa .  aid agencies have criticized some african countries for failing refugee .
