 coroner finds simon monjack 's death was similar to brittany murphy 's <sec> new : murphy 's mom : `` reckless innuendos '' about drugs should stop .  the coroner says he found that drugs did n't play a role in the british screenwriter 's death .  monjack 's cause of death was the same as that of his wife , brittany murphy , he says .  murphy died of a combination of pneumonia and an iron deficiency , the coroner say .
 celebrating with the christkind <sec> rick steves produces 30 guidebooks on european travel .  since 1973 he 's spent 120 days a year in europe .  his company , europe through the back door , conducts european tour .
 cnn student news - january 13 , 2015 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 dubai ports feed global appetite for dates <sec> dubai 's mix of old and new shipping continues to help date trade thrive .  emirate imports 250,000 tons of dates annually from neighboring countries .  traditional wooden dhows still used to transport dates before transfer to shipping container .
 robert mcnamara , ex-defense secretary , dies <sec> robert mcnamara was key architect of war in vietnam under two presidents .  mcnamara became lightning rod for his management of that war .  he was member of president kennedy 's inner circle during cuban missile crisi .
 chanel 's exclusivity keeps it a cut above <sec> founded by garbrielle `` coco '' chanel in 1909 , today the french fashion house is a global brand .  luxury good brands are looking to take advantage of an expanding middle class in china .  but chanel has kept its footprint in shanghai , one of the world 's most populous cities , light .  it has opened just three boutiques to keep brand exclusivit .
 white house : iran to start scaling back nuclear program january 20 <sec> iranian official : new sanctions would `` ruin the entire agreement '' .  iran will start scaling back its nuclear program january 20 as part of a six-month deal .  deputy foreign minister : iran will start diluting higher levels of enriched uranium .  obama vows to veto any laws enacting new sanctions during negotiations with ira .
 9/11 mastermind defends bin laden 's son-in-law in court statement <sec> khalid sheikh mohammed answers questions in islamic preacher 's conspiracy case .  sulaiman abu ghaith -- bin laden 's son-in-law -- facing conspiracy , terrorism charges .  mohammed said abu ghaith was scholar , preacher with no role in al qaeda 's military affairs .  mohammed also used the statement to blast u.s. foreign polic .
 ex-jetblue flight attendant pleads guilty under plea deal <sec> new : former flight attendant steven slater pleads guilty .  slater must enter mental health program .  he could face 1 to 3 years in jail if he does not comply with terms .  slater reportedly cursed on the plane 's p.a . .  system , then exited via the emergency slid .
 cassano apologizes for homophobic comments <sec> italy striker antonio cassano apologizes for apparent homophobic comments .  cassano quoted as saying : `` i hope there are n't any queers in the national team . '' .  comments sparked outrage amongst gay rights groups .  cassano issues statement , saying : `` homophobia is not a sentiment i feel . .  i did n't want to offend anyone . .
 opinion : is tea party all bark and no bite ? <sec> julian zelizer : in battle between tea party and establishment , the tea party is losing .  he says mainstream candidates such as boehner , mcconnell not in danger of being unseated .  zelizer says tuesday 's vote showed the power of establishment gop groups .  he says the results could help tip the balance toward immigration reform legislatio .
 bowe bergdahl nears end of reintegration <sec> bowe bergdahl is expected to be assigned shortly to a new army unit .  he is now in outpatient care .  bergdahl was released in exchange for five taliban being held by the u.s .
 clinton : u.s. sees iran moving to military dictatorship <sec> hillary clinton calls trend of greater military lock on leadership disturbing .  iran already faces u.n. sanctions .  tehran insists nuclear program strictly for civilian purposes .  clinton : iran has refused recent diplomatic efforts to reach a resolutio .
 convicted killer beheaded , put on display in saudi arabia <sec> man executed for kidnapping , killing boy and killing of the boy 's father .  ahmed al-shamlani al-anzi was sentenced to death and then `` crucifixion '' .  `` crucifixion '' describes public display , but not connected to christianity .  amnesty international condemns action ; officials say it is a deterren .
 german government backs opel rescue deal <sec> germany picks magna to buy majority stake in opel , news reports say .  german government agrees to fund bridging loan to keep opel in business .  magna also seeking to bring russian partners into opel deal .  opel 's parent company general motors set to declare bankruptcy as soon as monda .
 life edges back to normal in boston -- with lives changed <sec> watertown residents say after dodging bullets , life wo n't be the same .  `` it makes you wonder how safe we all are , '' watertown resident says .  says another : `` we 're all still in shock .
 jimmie 'j.j . ' walker lights 'dy-no-mite ' on gay marriage , leno and dating <sec> jimmie `` j.j. '' walker has written a book about his life and career .  he is best known as the star of the 1970s sitcom `` good times '' .  walker says he is against same-sex marriag .
 opinion : 'cross the gap ' on income inequality <sec> the rich-poor gap in the united states has been widening since the 1970s .  john sutter asks readers to help narrow the gap .  sutter : take a photo of something that divides your community .  upload the images to cnn ireport or to social networks with the hashtag # crossthega .
 charles barkley , wrong on race ( opinion ) <sec> charles barkley weighed in on ferguson , garner , racial profiling .  jason johnson : barkley is entitled to his opinions , but hypocrisy is evident .  he says barkley is insulated from what most black men fac .
 british coach with new york red bulls stabbed and killed <sec> new york red bulls youth coach mike jones stabbed to death in the city .  the briton , from liverpool , was attacked in the early hours of sunday morning .  police say jones was stabbed in neck and torso and one of his ears had been cut off .  red bulls say jones was a tremendous individual and a fantastic coac .
 demi moore and ashton kutcher 's fighting was 'intense , ' says source <sec> a source says tensions between ashton kutcher and demi moore have been building for some time .  `` it just got to a point where they had to end it , '' the source says .  `` the fighting could get pretty intense , '' another source say .
 hostage standoff inside louisiana bank ends <sec> new : authorities interview the freed female hostage , state police leader says .  new : the remaining hostages , the suspect will get `` food and provisions '' .  a man armed with a handgun takes hostages inside a louisiana bank .  the suspect 's family owns a nearby convenience store , state police leader say .
 ohio state band director fired for 'sexualized ' culture <sec> the ohio state marching band facilitated a culture of `` sexual harassment , '' a report says .  the university president fired band director jonathan waters , a former band member .  waters ' lawyer said his client tried to change a sexual climate that predated his tenur .
 maker to unveil world 's largest oled tv <sec> lg says tv screen 's color is especially vibrant because of its four-color pixels .  until now , it 's been difficult to create oled screens this big at a reasonable cost .  lg invested $ 226 million in mid-2010 to create a new production facilit .
 afghanistan drug trail spanning the world <sec> port of dover serves as entry point for much of afghanistan 's opium harvest .  traffickers hide drugs in trucks , bodies , british drug official says .  `` they 're one step ahead of us , '' steve coates says .  u.n. report says counter-drug strategies have been ineffectiv .
 shoe repair shop 's heritage is hand-crafted <sec> shoe-repair business is a trade and a tradition in small massachusetts shop .  repairman cites economic downturn as factor in current uptick in his trade .  it 's far more economical to have shoes repaired rather than buying new ones .  some customers have been coming to shoe-repair shop for year .
 iran stonings are a legal nightmare <sec> after international protests , iran issued a statement saying a woman would not be stoned to death .  mehrangiz kar , azadeh pourzand say others have suffered the horrific punishment .  they say islamic republic leaders defend practice as a divine verdict .  co-authors : world should give priority to opposing human rights abuses by ira .
 fifa task force outlines anti-racism fight <sec> fifa 's new anti-racism task force meets for first time on monday .  initial proposals include attendance of officials to monitor racism .  points deductions and enforced relegation also on the agend .
 'extreme ' sport accident in russia sends 2 men over cliff , killing 1 <sec> the accident was videotaped and posted on youtube .  one man was killed .  the men were rolling in a giant ball that fell off clif .
 ousted egyptian president mohamed morsy back in court <sec> judge says he wo n't rule on the constitutionality of the case until after verdict is reached .  morsy , 14 others face charges related to the deaths of protesters in 2012 .  last week , morsy appeared in court on jailbreak charges .  morsy and the muslim brotherhood have called the trials a sha .
 police officer who shot fort hood suspect says she 's 'doing well ' <sec> pair who responded to gunfire at processing center say day of shooting started as a typical one .  sgt . .  kimberly munley suffered three gunshot wounds in the november 5 shooting .  oprah winfrey spoke with her and another first responder , sgt . .  mark todd .  `` every day is a progress for me , '' says munley , who 's in good condition at a hospita .
 is sinead o'connor 's advice to miley cyrus good for girls ? <sec> women had strong reactions to sinead o'connor 's open letter to miley cyrus .  many women applaud o'connor and hope cyrus follows her advice .  some women think o'connor missed the mark .  more needs to be done to stop sexualization of young girls , women sa .
 algerians defy ban to protest government <sec> new : 11 individuals , 8 police injured , algeria 's official news agency reports .  security forces clashed with demonstrators in algiers .  protesters are demanding the government lift restrictions .  a state of emergency in place for almost two decades bans such protest .
 man executed for dragging death of james byrd <sec> lawrence brewer executed in texas at 7:21 p.m . .  et .  brewer was sentenced to die by lethal injection for killing james byrd .  byrd was chained to a truck and dragged to death .  a prosecutor described brewer as a racist psychopat .
 iranian revolutionary guard commander killed in syria <sec> gen. mohammed ali allahdadi of iran 's revolutionary guard killed in strike , report says .  six others , including the son of a late hezbollah commander , also killed in strike , hezbollah say .
 roman polanski appears in polish court over extradition <sec> court is adjourned until april , delay partly due to documents that need to be translated .  roman polanski gives evidence at his extradition hearing in krakow , poland .  he is wanted for sentencing in the united states for having sex with a minor in the 1970 .
 man dies during california triathlon <sec> the 46-year-old man is said to have suffered a `` massive cardiac event '' .  he was participating in the 33rd escape from alcatraz triathlon .  the race includes a 1.5 mile swim , an 18-mile bike race and an 8-mile ru .
 fraser , co-star find warmth in 'inkheart ' <sec> actors brendan fraser and eliza hope bennett play father , daughter in `` inkheart '' .  the pair formed a bond which carried over to real life .  movie follows adventure as fictional characters brought to life .  actors hope film inspires moviegoers to rea .
 opinion : obama 's woes flow out of big government philosophy <sec> gov . .  bobby jindal : there 's a common element in woes facing obama adminstration .  he says controversies flow out of a belief in the virtues of big government .  jindal : bill clinton declared end of era of big government ; obama has restored i .
 41 dead in pakistan swat valley blast <sec> 41 killed in blast at security checkpoint in northwestern pakistan .  explosion occurs in the shangla district in the volatile swat valley .  intercepted phone call tipped officials to saturday 's attack , general says .  swat valley has been scene of clashes with taliban militant .
 cheapskate has tips for saving $ 20,000 a year <sec> author jeff yeager says radical changes can lead to big savings .  lose your cell phone and give up second or third car , yeager says .  families spend more than 40 % of budget on eating out , so cook at home , he says .  quit shopping for new clothes , and have kids live at home while at college , he say .
 christie bridge controversy : a day later , fort lee mayor shifts tone - cnnpolitics.com <sec> on wednesday , mayor mark sokolich said `` traffic armageddon '' put his town in harm 's way .  the fort lee mayor said gov . .  chris christie should n't bother saying sorry to him .  now he says he accepts christie 's apology and takes him at his wor .
 hate crime charges filed in amish beard cutting <sec> leader samuel mullet sr. is among those charged in the federal complaint .  defendants `` forcibly restrained ... amish men and cut off their beards , '' officials say .  several of the defendants have confessed to local investigators , an affidavit say .
 dozens killed in nigeria fighting <sec> boko haram means `` western education is outlawed ' .  a nigerian commander cited a `` major encounter '' with boko haram .  in august , the group carried out a suicide bombing at u.n. headquarters in abuj .
 syria crisis : at least 200 killed in 1 day , group says <sec> government airstrikes blamed for dozens of deaths .  u.n. : more than 190,000 people have been killed in the syrian crisi .
 skimmer vessel plows gulf over weekend , test results may be in monday <sec> new : fisheries closure extended down louisiana coast .  initial results from a whale tests likely monday .  coast guard worries winds shift could send more oil ashore .  cleanup plans include 300 new skimmers in the next two week .
 hello kitty plane makes maiden u.s. flight to los angeles <sec> taiwanese airline eva air 's first long-haul hello kitty began flights to los angeles .  the new hello kitty b777 has a 'sanrio family hand-in-hand ' theme .  the company already flies five hello kitty planes on asian routes .  each hello kitty plane has a different theme but all stock hundreds of hello kitty and co. items on boar .
 the future of travel : from flying cars to shared vehicles <sec> countries around the world are innovating to create new modes of transportation .  from car sharing schemes and smart cities to flying cars , many possibilities within reach .  many progressive ideas come from outside of the u.s .
 case against man accused of killing etan patz can proceed , judge rules <sec> etan patz disappeared in 1979 , and his case turned a spotlight on missing children .  his remains have never been found , and the case was open for decades .  a man confessed last may to killing etan ; his lawyer calls the comments `` not reliable '' .  a judge denies a defense bid to dismiss the case , so a murder trial will procee .
 voluntary recall issued for 3,800 u.s.-made folding bikes <sec> handlebar stems on the tikit brand of folding bicycles are breaking and injuring riders .  bike friday 's tikit brand decal is on the bike frame .  consumers are urged to contact the bike company to schedule a free repai .
 russian dissident mikhail khodorkovsky arrives in switzerland <sec> former oil tycoon mikhail khodorkovsky arrives in switzerland .  russian dissident travels to visit his family .  khodorkovsky was jailed for 10 years in russian priso .
 12 fun facts in pickled history <sec> average american eats 8.5 lbs of pickles a year , according to dept . .  of agriculture .  southern state treat : dill pickles soaked for week in kool-aid .  philly eagles players said pickle juice helped them beat dallas cowboys in 2000 .  christopher columbus and napoleon were fans of pickle powe .
 odesnik agrees to provisional suspension <sec> american tennis player wayne odesnik has accepted a voluntary suspension from tennis .  odesnik pleaded guilty to importing human growth hormone into australia .  the 24-year-old was stopped in january by customs officials in brisban .
 donating to charity by text message : lessons from haiti <sec> disaster relief groups collect $ 43 million in donations via text after haiti quake .  pew finds most donations were made on impulse , after coverage of disaster .  majority of donors did not follow relief and reconstruction effort .
 record number of sea lion pups stranded <sec> `` there has been an unusually high number of sea lions stranded since january , '' noaa representative says .  the speculation is mothers are having difficulty finding food , leaving pups alone too long or malnourishe .
 grosskreutz 's late strike puts dortmund into last 16 <sec> last year 's beaten finalists through to last 16 after late winner against marseille .  arsenal lose to napoli but still progress to knockout stages .  chelsea top group e , milan finish second to barcelona in group h .  violence before milan 's match against ajax mars italian side 's progres .
 family finally has say on hela cells ' destiny <sec> scientists took cells from henrietta lacks ' cancerous cervical tumor in 1951 .  those cells , called hela cells , have been used in many scientific discoveries .  the family is concerned about their privacy , and has not been compensated .  advances in technology have left a gaping hole in privacy protections for patient .
 to protect data , phones develop split personalities <sec> software makers are looking to solve security issues in android .  at & t toggle creates two modes on a phone , for work and personal use .  lg is developing its own solution to this proble .
 cristiano ronaldo and zlatan ibrahimovic draw the crowds in qatar <sec> real madrid beat paris saint germain 1-0 in friendly in qatar .  goal from jese in the first half settled the match .  star players cristiano ronaldo and zlatan ibrahimovic in line-ups .  qatar will be hosting 2022 world cu .
 meet the winners : cnn parts unknown challenge <sec> cnn hosted a whirlwind , foodie scavenger hunt in hong kong last weekend .  the event marked season 2 of anthony bourdain : parts unknown .  two winning teams won trips to tokyo .  event helped raise awareness of hunger in hong kon .
 9-year-old accidentally kills range instructor with uzi <sec> experts question whether girl should have been handling a submachine gun .  charles vacca died monday night after he was accidentally shot in the head .  police said he was showing a 9-year-old girl how to shoot an uzi .  vacca was a military veteran , cnn affiliate report .
 americans sick of budget soap opera <sec> david gergen says everyone he talks to is turned off by mandatory budget cut mess .  gergen : we are leaderless ; neither congress nor president is taking responsibility .  most americans have no idea of what `` sequestration '' means or what it will do , he says .  gergen : all sides are using this as a political scare tactic ; they have a duty to pass a bil .
 'deltopia ' party in california turns violent ; dozens arrested <sec> about 15,000 people attended `` deltopia '' party near santa barbara , california .  party turned ugly when a police officer was hit in the head with a backpack .  five more officers -- santa barbara county deputies -- were injured .  stop signs were torn down , small fires ignited and police cars damage .
 berdych blasts time wasting rule <sec> world no.6 tomas berdych has criticized the new time wasting rule .  players only permitted to have a 25 second break in between rallies .  the new rule has cut the break by five seconds to encourage more entertainment .  berdych wants changes and modifications to current rul .
