 charge against harvard professor dropped <sec> new : police ask for disorderly conduct charged to be dropped .  african-american scholar henry louis gates jr. had confrontation with police .  cambridge officer came to his home last week after report of break-in .  police report : gates refused to id himself , accused officer of racis .
 black in america : eyewitness to murder : the king assassination <sec> `` eyewitness to murder : the king assassination '' airs sunday , april 3 at 7 p.m . .  et .  examine the lives of dr. martin luther king jr. and james earl ray .  analyze evidence from king 's assassination .  evaluate the effect king 's death had on the civil rights movemen .
 solar plane completes first leg of rtw flight <sec> solar impulse completes first leg of its round-the-world flight , from abu dhabi to oman .  pilot andre borschberg was at the controls ; bertrand piccard will tackle the second journey .  after pit stop in muscat , oman , the solar-powered plane will travel on to india , myanmar and chin .
 green is a way of life in europe 's eco capital <sec> hamburg boasts the title of 2011 european green capital .  head to the waterways to get a true sense of the city .  hafencity is an ambitious project designed to contain urban sprawl .  several cafes and restaurants pride themselves on using local produc .
 blogger : google glass is 'doomed ' -- for now <sec> top tech blogger says google glass wo n't do well when it hits the market .  robert scoble has used glass since april 2013 .  price , lack of apps likely will hurt its early sales , he says .  but by 2020 , he thinks the headset will be a hi .
 saudi government says laws will be fully enforced on 'female driving ' day <sec> a campaign calls on saudi women to defy the country 's de facto driving ban on saturday .  the interior ministry warns saudi laws prohibit `` activities disturbing the public peace '' .  a campaign supporter says the statement is not aimed at women planning to drive .  instead , she says , it is a warning to others planning to stage protests of their ow .
 stoner dominates qatar practice as rossi struggles with new team <sec> honda 's new signing casey stoner quickest ahead of qualifying in qatar .  australian was the fastest in both of friday 's practice sessions at losail .  seven-time world champion valentino rossi was off pace with stoner 's old team .  italian complains of shoulder pain after finishing eighth for ducat .
 coup fear as guinea president dies <sec> guinea president lansana conte dies ; 40 days of mourning declared .  army captain says government institutions dissolved .  prime minister insists government is functioning .  conte 's death was announced by president of the national assembl .
 why space exploration is a joint venture <sec> it is difficult to see a commercial return from scientific exploration , says alistair scott .  earth observation missions have not met with commercialization yet , says scott .  but the launcher market is opening up as new players broach new markets , he says .  scott : national space agencies should take on more of a funding role for science mission .
 opinion : in iran , a bad actor gets a sweet deal <sec> david frum : was deal smart ? .  if iran was n't close to building a nuke , deal looks reckless .  he says deal relaxes sanctions just when they 'd left iran close to economic collapse .  he says some view president hassan rouhani as a gorbachev-type figure .  frum : deal does n't address iran as bad actor in syria and beyond ; does that not matter .
 world 's happiest nations are ... <sec> denmark , norway , switzerland , the netherlands and sweden are the world 's happiest countries .  rwanda , burundi , the central african republic , benin and togo are the least satisfied with their lives .  the united states ranked 17th , while the uk was 22nd of the 156 nations surveyed .  egypt had the greatest fall of happiness levels in the past five years , the report sai .
 roll over freud : rise of animal therapy <sec> throughout history , humans have relied on animals as a way of improving mental health .  equine therapy has grown in popularity in britain in recent years .  psychoanalysts claim it can help depression , bipolar disorder and anger issues .  hard evidence remains scarce , largely anecdota .
 'constantine ' airs on nbc : what 's the verdict ? <sec> 'constantine , ' the latest comic book based series , premiered friday .  matt ryan plays rebellious exorcist john constantine .  critical response mixe .
 hospital : gary coleman 's ex-wife had power to pull life support <sec> lawyer : gary coleman and shannon price divorced in 2008 .  hospital : coleman gave price written authority to make medical decisions .  coleman , 42 , died two days after fall at hom .
 naacp leader benjamin jealous resigns , will leave in december <sec> new : voting rights fight is a `` generational battle , '' jealous tells cnn .  jealous says he wants to spend more time with family .  he advocated for voting rights , gun regulations during his five-year tenure .  no successor was immediately name .
 census : more same-sex couples in more places <sec> the number of same-sex couples is on the rise , and they live in more places .  2010 census was first to count same-sex marriages in states where it 's not legal .  d.c. , vermont , massachusetts show highest proportion of same-sex couples living togethe .
 smartphones let work win out <sec> maggie jackson : we blend home and work because we all use smartphones .  jackson : we are empowered , yet disturbed by this free-for-all .  she says that in a mobile world , work tends to win out over other parts of life .  jackson : as much as we try to believe otherwise , it matters what we do , where we ar .
 as trial ends , china 's bo xilai says former aide had crush on his wife <sec> the trial concludes after five days of hearings in the eastern city of jinan .  bo accuses his former police chief of having a crush on his wife .  two sources say the court has n't disclosed the full proceedings .  some key parts that may put bo in a good light have been left out , they sa .
 amnesty details 'horrific abuses ' in southern yemen <sec> new amnesty international report came out tuesday .  ansar al-sharia took control of the area .  `` they committed horrific abuses , '' amnesty say .
 robotic balls and gps walking sticks : latest bizarre tech trends <sec> gps-enabled walking stick among the usual uses for mobile technology on display at mobile world congress in barcelona .  other gadgets included the yotaphone , a device featuring both a color touch screen and a screen using low-power monochome e-ink .  mitten-ready mobiles , robotic balls and temperature-sensing microchips were also on displa .
 avb : bayern is the perfect club for guardiola to promote his message <sec> tottenham manager andre villas-boas says bayern munich is right club for pep guardiola .  former barcelona coach is to take over at german giants in july 2013 .  villas-boas says bayern is perfect for guardiola to continue his football philosophy .  guardiola won 14 trophies in four seasons as coach of barca before taking year ou .
 how bill clinton ad-libs his way to a winning speech <sec> david kusnet : bill clinton often speaks without relying on a teleprompter .  he says clinton has the ability to come up with memorable phrases on the fly .  kusnet : in dnc talk , he played the role of public policy prof but used accessible languag .
 scientists ' dispersant concerns remain <sec> epa tested toxicity levels of eight common , readily available dispersants .  some scientists disagree over dispersants ' ability to break down the oil faster .  subtle effects of oil on marine life , environment still not know .
 da : 3 occupy denver activists charged with felonies <sec> denver 's district attorney says 3 will face felony charges related to 2 incidents .  the charges including inciting a riot and assaulting a police officer .  one had accused police of `` attacking us '' during demonstration .
 with chavez away for months , big changes roil venezuela <sec> chavez returned monday at 2:30 a.m. local time , vice president says .  chavez had n't appeared in public or on national television in more than two months .  in chavez 's absence , venezuela sees a major economic change with currency devaluation .  prison violence last month prompted criticism from human rights group .
 belize players praised for refusing to throw match <sec> belize internationals were offered cash in exchange for throwing gold cup game .  they refused and told officials , who subsequently identified the individual in question .  belize , ranked 130th in the world , is playing at the gold cup for the first tim .
 israel returns 91 palestinian bodies ; military ceremony held <sec> a formal military ceremony is held at the palestinian authority compound .  an israeli spokesman says the gesture was done to help the peace process .  some in israel criticize the mov .
 netflix , amazon : what 's new in may <sec> netflix and amazon are adding new titles for may .  netflix has expanded its collection of james bond and godzilla movies .  amazon has added some hbo show .
 judge resigns , ferguson cases moved after doj report <sec> ronald brockmeyer resigns as ferguson 's municipal court judge .  the city 's court cases are being transferred to another judge .  'extraordinary action is warranted in ferguson , ' the state 's chief justice say .
 7 injured in kentucky roof collapse ; tornado strikes michigan <sec> new : 7 people are injured in a partial roof collapse in kentucky .  no deaths or injuries are reported from the dexter , michigan , tornado .  several homes are destroyed , official say .
 grand slam designs : maria sharapova 's fashion statement <sec> maria sharapova has designed her own clothing for grand slams since 2010 .  the collection has proved a popular item in the tennis retail world .  the russian superstar collaborates with fashion house cole haan .  she plays victoria azarenka in the women 's singles final at the australian ope .
 scientists to simulate human brain inside a supercomputer <sec> human brain project will use supercomputers to mimic tangle of neurons and synapses that power our thoughts .  scientists say the simulator could offer new insight into the treatment of brain disease like parkinson 's and alzheimer 's .  `` brain in a box '' is unlikely to transform into sci-fi-style computer bent on world domination , scientists sa .
 for many in egypt , revolution incomplete <sec> it took only 18 days for egyptians to oust president hosni mubarak .  why is further progress taking so much longer ? .  many wait for mubarak and his loyalists to be brought to justice .  journalists say restrictions are even worse now than under mubara .
 four dead as tornadoes hit mississippi <sec> four dead in two mississippi counties as a result of storm .  mississippi governor issues state of emergency .  flash flood warning for tallahassee .  tornado system touches down in parts of mississipp .
 was state department e-mail hacked ? <sec> official : the state department detected `` activity of concern '' in an unclassified e-mail system .  now its stepping up security during a system shutdown , the official says .  officials have n't said who 's responsible , say it 's connected to recent white house hacking .  u.s. officials pointed at russia after that hacking attemp .
 restaurant determined to 'serve up food not swine flu ' <sec> thai-themed restaurant in madrid implements anti h1n1 flu measures .  employees have their temperatures taken , windows are opened , gel provided .  restaurant owner says there is `` a big response '' from other owner .
 mother 's day after losing mom <sec> rosen misses having someone to honor this mother 's day .  she especially feels the loss during the highs and lows of parenting .  rosen 's mother taught her that parenting is about being fully present for the stuff that matter .
 man allegedly stabbed by woman in lacrosse scandal dies <sec> the duke lacrosse case garnered national attention .  the slain man was stabbed during an argument , police said .  mangum 's '06 claim of sexual assault proved fals .
 mississippi : something to shout about ( opinion ) <sec> mississippi state topped the latest rankings of college football teams .  mississippians are burning with football fever , writes mike downey .  mississippi state and ole miss face off on november 2 .
 surgeon 's hobby creating cigar box guitars <sec> patient gave alabama surgeon his first cigar box guitar more than 10 years ago .  kirk withrow 's basement is a workshop , shrine dedicated to making cigar box guitars .  homemade instruments emerged in 1930s , when people could n't afford `` real '' instruments .  modern revival fits in with diy cultur .
 suicide bombings : why do women take part ? ( opinion ) <sec> jane harman : a series of attacks in nigeria by female suicide bombers is alarming .  harman : increasingly , radicalism has a female face .  she asks : what drives women to take part in terrorism and extremist movements ? .  harman : security issues are more and more intertwined with women 's issue .
 michael jackson 's family plans tribute concert , but some object <sec> jackson brothers jermaine and randy call the tribute ill-timed .  the tribute is `` far , far , well overdue , '' la toya jackson says .  jackson 's mother , sister and three brothers made the announcement .  jackson estate executors have not authorized the show , a spokesman say .
 pakistan : police patrol streets after christians murdered <sec> fighting broke out as muslims torched 40 to 50 houses in christian enclave .  muslims enraged over an alleged desecration of quran at a christian wedding .  muslims burned 15 christian homes on thursday .  pakistan predominantly muslim , but has a small christian communit .
 lady gaga rallies for 'do n't ask , do n't tell ' repeal in maine <sec> `` equality is the prime rib of america , '' lady gaga tells maine rally .  singer opposes u.s. military 's ban on homosexuals serving openly .  maine 's senators appear ready to join gop filibuste .
 new york women accused of isis-inspired plot <sec> noelle velentzas and asia siddiqui are arrested in connection with a plot inspired by isis .  thursday 's arrests are part of a series of cases being built by the federal governmen .
 mobile revolution brings mixed benefits to brazil <sec> there has been a rising tide of consumer complaints against network operators in brazil .  some wireless carriers were temporarily banned from selling cellphone plans in certain states .  drugs barons are using stolen handsets and illegal sim cards to run their empires .  several ngos are using mobile technology to enhance the lives of favelado .
 ntsb : identical aircraft landed 27 minutes behind fatal flight <sec> ntsb says pilot who traveled same route in identical plane reported `` moderate icing '' .  that plane landed safely in buffalo 27 minutes after fatal crash .  ntsb sending questionnaires to pilots who flew in area to gather data .  investigators recover , test pieces from deicing syste .
 stop the scourge of child trafficking <sec> 1.2 million children are trafficked each year for forced labor , sex industry .  ricky martin : atrocities committed against children epidemic on the internet .  ricky martin foundation committed to ending atrocities against children .  he says education , safe havens , working with international groups hel .
 tiger woods ' caddy says sex scandal came as a surprise <sec> steve williams says some think he should be fired for not preventing woods ' downfall .  `` but i 'm 100 percent telling you , i knew nothing , and that 's that , '' he says in interview .  wife defends him , says he would n't have been able to keep secret from her or woods ' wife .  williams says he would not have kept scandal secret just to protect his jo .
 americans must start saving again <sec> david newville : americans are shopping again this season but should n't go into more debt .  newville writes that the economy wo n't be refueled unless families start saving .  u.s. borrowed heavily from foreign nations when savings rates went down , he says .  newville : try more tax credits for savings , automatic iras , savings accounts for babie .
 a california wind farm to get a pass on eagle deaths <sec> the california wind farm is already in operation .  sometimes eagles and other birds fly into the massive blades .  audubon society : `` we are cautiously optimistic `` about the permi .
 'to kill a mockingbird ' novelist sues over trademark <sec> harper lee sues monroe county heritage museum in her hometown .  `` the museum seeks to profit from the unauthorized use of ... trademarks , '' the suit says .  it says the museum 's `` primary mission '' is to `` trade upon '' the story she created .  the museum 's attorney lambastes `` harper lee 's greedy handlers .
 uefa rejects redknapp 's call for ban on artificial pitches <sec> uefa rejects tottenham 's call for a ban on artificial pitches .  tottenham lost 3-2 to young boys in champions league playoff .  spurs manager harry redknapp criticized plastic pitch at stade de suisse .  uefa says only the final must be played on a grass surfac .
 david lynch to leave revival of hit show 'twin peaks ' <sec> david lynch says he wo n't be directing new episodes of twin peaks .  showtime `` saddened '' over decision , which involved a dispute over mone .
 frozen fruit linked to hepatitis a recalled <sec> townsend farms recalls organic antioxidant blend containing frozen fruit .  thirty-four cases of hepatitis a are being investigated .  the outbreak has been traced to pomegranate seeds from turkey .  hepatitis a inflames the liver and limits its ability to functio .
 3 arrested in lebanon in turkish pilots ' kidnapping <sec> arrests made in the kidnapping of turkish airlines pilots , state news says .  gunmen had halted a bus near beirut , then took away pilots .  others safely got to a hote .
 cicely tyson , cyndi lauper take tonys <sec> cyndi lauper gets a tony to go with her grammys and emmy .  lauper 's `` kinky boots '' wins big with six tonys sunday night .  neil patrick harris carries the show with song , dance and kissing a do .  `` i can go home with a tony , '' cicely tyson say .
 cnn student news - march 4 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 u.n. warning over isis siege of town of amerli in iraq <sec> new : bombs kill 20 across kirkuk .  iraq 's pm-designate praises `` heroic defence '' put up by besieged town .  u.n. calls for action to help amerli , a turkmen shiite town under attack by isis .  sunni lawmakers pull out of talks to form a government over a mosque attac .
 iraq church bombing wounds at least 20 <sec> a car bomb targets a church in central kirkuk .  at least 20 people are wounded .  a church attack in october killed 70 people .  religious minorities -- non-muslims -- make up less than 5 % of iraq 's populatio .
 utah university investigates suspected sperm switch <sec> a woman and her husband underwent infertility treatment in the early 1990s .  contrary to what they thought , their daughter is the biological offspring of a lab technician .  `` what we can answer , we will , '' says the university of uta .
 how comet mission helps in search for aliens <sec> rosetta scientists hope mission will unlock comets ' secrets .  the seti institute will also celebrate its 30th birthday on november 20 .  in many ways , seti institute 's goal is same as rosetta 's -- but on a much larger stage , says david black .  david black believes both rosetta and seti will help inspire a new generatio .
 nadal in french open 'snub ' <sec> first round of the french open begins at roland garros .  federer , isner , berdych , tsonga , raonic all through .  eight time champ nadal begins tomorrow , on second court .  furious reaction on social media by fan .
 camelot completes derby double to continue quest to emulate nijinsky <sec> camelot wins irish derby to continue his remarkable season .  trainer aiden o'brien 's son joseph rode camelot to victory .  camelot can capture english 'triple crown ' later this season .  nijinsky achieved the triple back in 197 .
