 farah wins gold in 10,000 meters at world championships <sec> britain 's mo farah wins 10,000-meter gold at the world championships in moscow .  farah held off ethiopia 's ibrahim jeilan , who beat farah two years ago in south korea .  farah will go for double gold when he competes in the 5,000 meters on friday .  usain bolt eases through in his 100-meter heat in a time of 10.07 second .
 big hands and a big heart save tiny lives in the congo <sec> a phone call to former nba star dikembe mutombo saves triplets in the congo .  dikembe mutombo foundation built a hospital and has treated more than 30,000 patients .  5.4 million people have died from war-related causes in the congo since 199 .
 blind women help detect breast cancer <sec> blind women being trained to use their sensitive touch to detect breast cancer lumps .  called medical tactile examiners , they can spend more time on patients .  the 'discovering hands ' program takes place at a school in düren , west german .
 embassies close as u.s. issues global travel alert due to threat <sec> the 22 u.s. embassies , consulates are closing .  committee of security heads reviews the situation .  the state department issues a global travel alert on possible al qaeda attacks .  sources say al qaeda is in final planning stages of unspecified plo .
 russian fuel tanker reaches alaskan town bound by ice <sec> it is the first-ever attempt to supply fuel to an arctic alaska town through sea ice .  the renda made its way through icy water carrying 1.3 million gallons of petroleum products .  nome , alaska , has enough fuel to last until about marc .
 doctor in gaza : patients 'lying everywhere ' <sec> new : doctor : some 20 percent of the 500 people dead at hospital are children .  new : at least 507 palestinians have been killed in the military operation .  doctor : `` people were dying before they got treatment '' .  some 25 trucks bearing aid could not cross the gaza-egypt border on sunda .
 uefa to monitor london security ahead of champions league final <sec> uefa to monitor security for saturday 's champions league final .  security in london is in focus following the murder of a solider in london .  uefa is confident there will be a positive atmosphere inside and outside wembley stadium .  bayern munich and borussia dortmund play each other in an all-german fina .
 with family life as goal , man drops 177 pounds <sec> cnn ireporter brent schmitt shed 177 pounds in 15 months .  schmitt lost weight by cutting back on food portions and exercising more .  a physician nutrition specialist says schmitt lost his weight in a safe manne .
 expert : russia-venezuela military exercises reaction to u.s. moves <sec> russian warships heading to venezuela for joint naval exercises .  expert on russian military : move is response to u.s. actions in europe .  russia increasing its ties with latin american countries unhappy with the u.s . .  `` some of this is the russians wanting to get even , '' expert say .
 ban ki-moon says he 'll seek second term as u.n. secretary-general <sec> ban ki-moon sent letters to u.n. members noting his intent to run for re-election .  he calls himself a `` bridge builder '' who seeks to find common ground .  his first term has been marked by economic , environmental and political crise .
 disgraced pastor ted haggard returns in cable tv special <sec> haggard said he got a massage from a man who said the pastor had paid him for sex .  he said he purchased crystal meth , but threw it away .  haggard was once pastor of the new life church megachurch in colorado springs , colorado .  tlc special on him will air on january 1 .
 no charges for ex-'power ranger ' in stabbing death <sec> new : ricardo medina released from custody after no charges filed in roommate 's death .  medina appeared in `` power rangers samurai '' and `` power rangers wild force .
 time does n't pay , wrongfully imprisoned find <sec> after 17 years behind bars , alan northrop released with funds from prison job , gifts .  almost half of all states fail to compensate people wrongly imprisoned .  other states pay ranges from $ 5,000 a year to nearly $ 100,000 a year .  innocence project is lobbying for increased compensation , job training , counselin .
 living in the now : cancer survivor finds her purpose in life <sec> dawn spencer has been battling a rare , aggressive form of breast cancer .  the seven-year struggle has helped her find her purpose in life , she says .  spencer 's purpose is to provide better breast prosthesis options to women in need .  it 's not about how much time you have , it 's about what you do with it , says spence .
 simpson set for pga tour money showdown with donald <sec> webb simpson moves ahead of world no . .  1 luke donald on pga tour money list .  american loses to ben crane in playoff at mcgladrey classic on sunday .  donald trying to be first man to top pga and european tour money lists in same year .  englishman will now need to finish second or higher at final fall series even .
 12 states confirm enterovirus d68 cases <sec> oklahoma confirms seven cases of enterovirus d68 .  ev-d68 worsens breathing problems for children who have asthma .  four children in lake county , indiana , were sickened by the virus .  alabama has also confirmed four cases of enterovirus d6 .
 gun in carry-on accidentally fired <sec> gun found in carry-on accidentally discharged , police report says .  the gun was discovered by tsa officers at atlanta airport .  owner told police he did n't realize gun was still in ba .
 five stories you may have missed during the papal conclave <sec> xi jinping formally named as china 's new president as part of once-in-a-decade change .  israel 's benjamin netanyahu forms a coalition government excluding ultra-religious groups .  plans to embalm the body of venezuelan president hugo chavez hit a snag .  ieng sary , one of the leaders of the khmer rouge , dies while on trial for war crime .
 protests of tuition increase continue on california campuses <sec> new : nearly 100 have been arrested at uc campuses over the past two days .  new : 41 demonstrators at berkeley cited for trespassing after taking over building .  higher-ed students across california have been protesting a 32 percent tuition hike .  university officials say fee hikes needed since they 've already made deep spending cut .
 blaze engulfs homes in california neighborhood <sec> new : an evacuation center has been set up .  hospital officials say patients have arrived with burn injuries .  the fire is about two miles from san francisco international airport .  helicopters are dropping retardant on houses to stop its sprea .
 iranian official : new computer worm discovered <sec> the announcement comes less than a year after iranian nuclear facilities were targeted .  at the time a computer worm appeared to focus on iran 's nuclear production capability .  the announcement left unclear which facilities are targeted by the new wor .
 phelps extends record breaking spree with first individual gold in london <sec> michael phelps wins men 's 200 meters individual medley .  first individual gold of london games for swimming legend .  rebecca soni breaks world record in women 's 200m breaststroke .  ranomi kromowidjojo snaps american dominance in women 's 100m freestyl .
 opinion : immigration reform would help gop <sec> tamar jacoby : after budget battle , gop may be in no mood for immigration overhaul .  but many in gop favor legal status and have been working on reforms , she says .  she says others refuse to do president barack obama any favor by addressing issue .  jacoby : gop must take ownership , provide a strong conservative approach to refor .
 no more saturday visits from bob <sec> jay parini lives in small-town vermont , and says he will miss saturday mail deliveries .  parini : we are losing the joy of saving , re-reading letters from pen-pals , family and friends .  telegraph replaced the pony express , he says , just as e-mails have replaced mail .  parini treasures his letters of favorite writers : who will publish collections of e-mails .
 republicans hit a nerve when it comes to obamacare <sec> obamacare enrollment deadline has passed .  but republicans have embraced it as a campaign issue .  what about the question of `` obama fatigue '' for voters ? .  david jolly 's win in florida partly attributed to anti-obamacare sentimen .
 football : klinsmann promises new style for u.s. soccer <sec> jurgen klinsmann unveiled as u.s. national coach .  the former germany coach replaced bob bradley .  klinsmann lives in the u.s. and has an american wife .  vowed to redefine america 's soccer style , and find the american mess .
 indian reaction to diplomat arrest : mix of politics , cold war legacy ? <sec> indian politicians have taken a nationalistic stance on the arrest of devyani khobragade .  many observers feel the reaction is aimed at gaining political support ahead of critical elections .  the political grandstanding has shifted the focus of the incident away from alleged crime .  some observers fear this could damage u.s.-india relation .
 white house shooting suspect faces attempted assassination charge <sec> new : a complaint document says the suspect considered obama the `` anti-christ '' .  new : witnesses saw shots fired from a car toward the white house complex .  ortega-hernandez will be charged with attempted assassination .  the suspect was arrested wednesday at a pennsylvania hote .
 scathing report slams veterans ' care <sec> va inspector general : 28 veterans harmed by delays in getting care ; six died .  inspector general says it can not conclusively link delays in treatment to the deaths .  majority of patients reviewed were on wait lists and experienced delays .  report also confirmed that some staff members admitted to hiding true wait time .
 land mine casings found in checked baggage at nj airport <sec> a checked bag at newark liberty international airport tripped alarms .  land mine casings were found in the bag , the tsa said .  the woman was traveling to an explosives demonstration , officials sai .
 judit polgar , the chess prodigy who beat men at their own game <sec> polgar became the youngest ever grandmaster at 15 , taking title from bobby fischer .  she is the only women ranked in world chess federation 's top 100 players .  birth of first child forced polgar to reassess : `` everything really fell apart '' .  now she balances professional chess with writing , motherhood and marriag .
 house passes $ 694 million border bill <sec> the vote was almost entirely on party lines , 223- 189 .  only one democrat , texas rep henry cuellar , voted for it .  four republicans opposed the legislatio .
 how beyonce became a global brand <sec> beyonce has built a global brand around being one of the biggest names in pop .  she has made her name in fashion , beauty products , film and advertising .  she remains closely involved in all the brands she endorse .
 15 years later , rwanda remembers the massacre <sec> candle-lighting ceremony marks 15th anniversary of 100-day massacre in rwanda .  an estimated 800,000 were killed during 1994 conflict .  u.n. secretary-general reflects on `` horrifying scene .
 larry king 's top 'larry king ' moments <sec> 'larry king live ' is turning 25 .  celebrate by picking your favorite show moments here .  among larry 's favorite moments was the nafta debate , interviews with sinatra and brand .
 hobbit-nobbing with the stars in wellywood <sec> new zealand 's capital to host the premiere of peter jackson 's adaptation of `` the hobbit '' .  even air new zealand has gotten into the spirit , with a hobbit-inspired `` elf n safety '' video .  other hollywood blockbusters filmed there include `` lord of the rings '' trilogy , `` king kong '' .  jackson has warned that the country will have to do more to attract future big production .
 500cc hero abe dies in road crash <sec> three-time 500cc winner norifumi abe has been killed in a road accident .  the 32-year-old 's scooter was in collision with a truck in kawasaki , japan .  abe won two grand prix races in his native japan and another one in brazi .
 jordan linn graham , accused of pushing husband off cliff , in court <sec> new : jordan linn graham 's attorneys ask a judge to release her .  new : prosecutors argue she should remain behind bars .  new : they say graham lied to authorities and tried to cover up the crime .  graham , 22 , could get life in prison if found guilty of second-degree murde .
 'horse boy , ' family find respite from autism in mongolia <sec> family travels across mongolia so autistic son can ride horses , meet shaman .  experts say riding horses can be effective in gaining access to autistic children .  rowan isaacson 's language and temper improved with horse/shaman therapy .  his parents never abandoned more orthodox treatments for rowan 's autis .
 golf legend nicklaus launches ice cream range <sec> golf legend jack nicklaus launches ice cream range .  product will be manufactured and distributed in united states .  nicklaus was nicknamed 'the golden bear ' .  won record 18 majors in professional caree .
 big brother star to wed after terminal cancer confirmed <sec> british big brother star jade goody has been told she has terminal cancer .  goody notoriously taunted indian bollywood star on show .  she is fast-tracking plans to get married after cervical cancer sprea .
 madonna wins adoption appeal in malawi <sec> 50-year-old singer had filed a petition to adopt chifundo james .  madonna 's application to adopt was rejected in april because of residency law .  she has three other children , including adopted son david band .
 in japan , world 's longest-serving death row inmate to get retrial <sec> iwao hakamada served 48 years in prison for murders of his boss and boss 's family .  court granted him a retrial , saying some evidence may have been fabricated .  amnesty international says he was beaten and threatened into confessing in 1966 .  78-year-old ex-boxer 's mental state deteriorated because of isolation , amnesty say .
 safety advocates fight push for bigger truck loads <sec> a petition drive is fighting effort to let trucks carry larger loads .  `` it is a public health crisis , '' policy activist joan claybrook says .  truck industry group argues adding wheels would make heavier loads safe .  industry group : if load limit is n't increased , we 'll need more trucks on the roa .
 10 surprising superstars of twitter <sec> the majority of the most-followed twitter accounts are singers and other celebrities .  but less-famous users have amassed big followings as well .  rival facebook has twitter 's 44th most popular account .  horoscopes , a queen and lord voldemort also have huge following .
 risk ends in death for 22 people near indonesia <sec> many children lay among the lifeless bodies authorities pulled from the seas .  28 others emerged alive from the waters and and are receiving treatment at a hospital .  rescuers continue to search for 30 more whose fate is uncertain .  for many , australia is the land of their hopes , but the government forbids boat peopl .
 malaysia flight saga : 9 questions linger <sec> passengers ' relatives clamor for proof , saying findings are not enough .  some aviation experts also expression skepticism about information from malaysia .  wreckage , which has not been found , could reveal important clues about flight 37 .
 mexico missing students : prosecutor touts new arrests <sec> 43 students from a teachers college went missing in mexico more than a month ago .  mexico 's attorney general says new arrests bring investigators closer to cracking the case .  the case has sparked protests across the country and spurred a governor to step down .  investigators say a grave site found at a landfill could be connected to the cas .
 another honduran journalist slain <sec> alfredo villatoro was found with two gunshot wounds to the head .  he is the 22nd journalist killed in honduras since 2010 .  committee to protect journalists says killers have found impunity for these crime .
 'the avengers ' expected to top $ 1 billion worldwide <sec> `` the avengers '' earns an estimated $ 103.2 million its second weekend , disney says .  it had the highest domestic box office debut of all time .  disney is already planning a sequel to the superhero smorgasbor .
 are wikileaks revelations really damaging for u.s. ? <sec> wikileaks has published more than 250,000 cables from u.s. embassies around world .  hillary clinton : leaked cables `` an attack on the international community '' .  five newspapers , including new york times , britain 's guardian , given advance copied .  former uk envoy says united states will not suffer any lasting damag .
 bradley manning adopts new gender , name : now chelsea manning <sec> new : manning will have access to mental health experts like other inmates , official says .  new : manning ca n't alter prison uniform , but could legally change name to chelsea , she adds .  bradley manning , convicted of leaking classified documents , wants to live as a woman .  army does not provide hormone therapy to prisoners , official say .
 personality as plain as the nose on your face ? <sec> `` personology '' is a form of face reading .  practitioners believe facial features tell what kind of person we are .  theory links specific traits , such as wide- or close-set eyes , to personalit .
 vial of blood may link ted bundy to multiple cold cases <sec> forensic analysts are building a dna profile of ted bundy .  bundy , a convicted serial killer , died in florida 's electric chair in 1989 .  investigators are hoping the profile will connect bundy to multiple cold case .
 authors see pattern in prince harry 's behavior <sec> royal watchers see a pattern in prince harry 's errant behavior .  latest furor over offensive remark made about pakistani military colleague .  authors say second son syndrome may be to blame .  prince has had to apologize for offensive behavior befor .
 anger over halloween display of palin with noose <sec> life-size halloween doll resembling sarah palin with noose causes outcry .  mayor of west hollywood condemns the display as it references violence .  some locals oppose at it takes the theme of halloween too fa .
 vongfong , year 's strongest storm bears down on japan <sec> strongest typhoon of 2014 headed towards japan .  typhoon vongfong follows phanfone , which hit the country last week .  storm has sustained winds of 178 mph and gusts of up to 219 mph .  if it carries on its current course , storm expected to lose intensity before making landfal .
 ukraine crisis : gunmen seize building in eastern towns <sec> secretary of state kerry speaks to russian foreign minister .  joe biden to travel to kiev later this month .  unidentified gunmen seize buildings in the eastern ukraine town of slaviansk .  pro-russian protesters have taken over buildings in other cities in the region in past day .
 2014 emmy nominations : what to watch for <sec> emmy nominations will be announced on july 10 .  `` breaking bad '' expected to do very well ; last season was widely hailed and watched .  `` orange is the new black 's '' first season qualifies , will likely score nods .  will there be room for `` orphan black '' this time .
 'dwts ' cast rumors : 17th time 's the charm ? <sec> several names have surfaced as possible new `` dwts '' contestants .  two big names are valerie harper and leah remini .  also rumored are a `` glee '' star and a `` jersey shore '' sta .
 dive team searches pond in missing soldier case <sec> search of pond area will continue thursday morning .  police are searching the area where army pfc . .  kelli bordeaux was last seen .  bordeaux was last seen at a bar early saturday .  her cell phone used a nearby tower , police sa .
 'stephen colbert ' - is this goodbye ? ( opinion ) <sec> on december 18 , we 'll have to say goodbye to the political character , `` stephen colbert '' .  dean obeidallah : for all of us colbert fans , it feels like losing an old friend .  when colbert takes over david letterman 's show , will he be as funny as his fictional persona .
 ariel castro victim compensation bill gets initial ok in ohio house <sec> ariel castro 's three kidnapping victims would be paid for each year they were held as captives .  the bill would apply to anyone held captive for eight years or more .  an ohio house committee has approved the bill ; it now goes to the full hous .
 north korea says it wo n't warn south korea before an attack <sec> new : north korea says u.s. calls for talks are `` nothing but a crafty ploy '' to shift blame .  north korea says it would not give notice before attacking south korea .  a u.s. marine helicopter makes a hard landing in south korea .  john kerry says north korea needs to show it is serious about denuclearizatio .
