 readers : are we headed for a smartphone zombie apocalypse ? <sec> columnist dean obeidallah got huge reaction to column about going without his cell phone .  many readers say it 's easy to go without their phones for a few hours .  some have gotten rid of their mobile devices and cell servic .
 maya angelou : some of her most powerful speeches <sec> angelou was the second poet ever to speak at a presidential inauguration .  her speeches stirred her audience .  she honored coretta scott king at mrs. king 's funera .
 document : israel calculated calorie needs for embargoed gazans <sec> document said 106 truckloads per day was a sufficient amount of goods .  israel says it was only a study and never put into action .  human rights group disagreed , saying aspects of plan were what actually occurred .  israel eased its food embargo two years ag .
 white house considers military trial for khalid sheikh mohammed <sec> obama administration insisted 9/11 trial in new york would be symbol of u.s. rule of law .  new york officials do not want khalid sheikh mohammed tried in manhattan .  republicans want military , not civilian , trial .  recommendation would mean obama administration reverses itself on two front .
 rich countries to help poor ones in climate change deal <sec> the draft agreement will serve as the basis for a treaty to be signed in paris next year .  richer countries agree to foot more of the bill in the battle against climate change .  developed and developing countries will have different responsibilitie .
 first latin american pope 'very exciting ' <sec> `` today is a historic day , '' argentina 's president says .  priest : the pope 's past as the son of immigrants could resonate with latinos .  mexican bishops say his selection is `` a sign of love '' for latin american churches .  pope francis is the first pope from latin americ .
 super bowl xlix : final quest for the hottest tickets in town <sec> tickets for sunday 's super bowl final trading for thousands of dollars .  corporate customers and 'bucket listers ' willing to spend high for luxury package deals .  `` guy-based events '' and vip parties fuel excitement for those with deep pocket .
 hillary praises warren , not vice versa <sec> hillary clinton was effusive in her praise of warren on friday .  `` i love watching elizabeth , '' clinton said , labeling warren a `` passionate champion for working people '' .  by comparison warren offered this about clinton : `` happy to welcome secretary clinton back to the commonwealth '' .  if both women run for president , they would face each other in the democratic primar .
 more than 100 occupy activists arrested in oakland after clashing with police <sec> new : more than 100 protesters are arrested after they enter a downtown oakland ymca building .  new : occupy protesters claim an attempt to enter oakland city hall .  police say activists threw bottles , flares and other objects , injuring 3 officers .  police used tear gas and smoke ; activists say they also used rubber bullet .
 li na : tennis great answers your questions ! <sec> li na won two grand slam titles during a successful career .  she won the french open in 2011 and last year 's australian open .  the chinese star retired last september due to ongoing knee problem .
 doctor journeys to ghana for triple negative breast cancer clues <sec> dr. lisa newman travels 16 hours from michigan to ghana in search of cancer clues .  she collaborates with doctors to find origins of triple negative breast cancer .  newman : women most affected are younger , pre-menopausal with african ancestry .  she believes there 's a link between ghanaian , african-american women with tnb .
 'monday night football ' intro pulled after hank williams jr. comments <sec> country singer compares obama to adolf hitler in remarks .  williams statement says he has always respected office of the president .  williams acknowledges his analogy was `` extreme .
 blast kills 19 at graduation ceremony in somalia <sec> three government ministers , two journalists , two professors and nine students among 19 killed .  attack struck ceremony held at hotel shamo for banadir university 's medical school .  president blamed islamist group al-shabaab for attac .
 avalanche kills 10 at turkish ski resort <sec> seven people pulled alive from the snow at resort of zigana , authorities say .  survivor : `` all of a sudden we saw snow coming down and it took us away '' .  police : victims in scottish avalanche saturday were from n. ireland , scotlan .
 opinion : on syria , obama must show strong grip <sec> gergen , zuckerman : obama asking congress ' ok on syria , a gamble that will likely succeed .  but they say the move follows an uneven strategy on syria that has hurt his support .  they say it also realigns obama with his own position before the invasion of iraq .  writers : u.s. needs long-term strategy on middle east to show world it has firm gri .
 families get help finding loved ones lost in institutions <sec> people increasingly seek reunions with once-institutionalized relatives .  most sent to institutions had some form of developmental disability .  in 1967 , as many as 100,000 children were housed in 162 state facilities in u.s . .  advocacy group the arc creates online registry , search service , to help reunion .
 sister : ariel castro will present 'other side ' at sentencing hearing <sec> new : ariel castro 's sister says he must pay for what he did .  new : castro will deliver a statement explaining his life , the sister says .  he 'll be sentenced thursday ; the plea deal calls for life plus at least 1,000 years .  one victim , michelle knight , will likely speak at hearin .
 brothers , friends , lost in texas explosion <sec> a business that distributed fertilizer exploded in west , texas , on wednesday , killing 14 .  volunteer firefighters were brothers who did everything together , family says .  some west students whose schools were damaged are taking classes in wac .
 steve jobs died of respiratory arrest , health official says <sec> new : apple employees will celebrate steve jobs ' life on oct. 19 .  jobs died wednesday .  he co-founded apple with steve wozniak .  jobs had battled cancer for year .
 kagan hunts with buddy scalia , bags deer - cnnpolitics.com <sec> conservative and liberal supreme court justices fast friends , hunt together .  new york city native elena kagan and antonin scalia seek big game .  supreme court becoming a `` hot bench '' and it 's not about temperature .  samuel alito too intense ? .  critics and supporters weigh i .
 japan carries out first executions in a year <sec> the two executions are the first since the ruling party took power in september .  japan 's last execution was in july 2009 .  justice minister calls for a review of capital punishment in the countr .
 congress looks to keep stimulus cash from zoos , golf courses <sec> house panel adds restrictions to stimulus bill after criticism from watchdog groups .  bill : funding should go only to the `` highest quality '' infrastructure projects .  mayors ' group had endorsed projects including horse paths , skate parks .  house could vote on $ 825 billion stimulus package on wednesda .
 climate change report : 'seasons have changed ' <sec> oxfam report tells the stories of people affected by climate change .  report 'suffering the science ' catalogs challenges of world 's poor .  stocking : `` people are always saying to me , 'the seasons have changed ' '' .  oxfam wants greater action on climate change from developed nation .
 cuba rejects inclusion on u.s. list of terror sponsors <sec> the u.s. names four countries on its list of state sponsors of terrorism .  cuba is one of them , along with iran , sudan and syri .
 can you really be liable for texting a driver ? <sec> new jersey court says texting a driver may make you responsible for a crash .  judges suggest a text is similar to causing an in-car distraction .  attorneys : it will hard to prove sender knew the recipient was driving .  n.j. gov . .  chris christie : in the end , the driver is responsibl .
 flip phones are hip again <sec> among the young and hip , flip phones are making a comeback .  motorola popularized flip phones in 1996 with the startac .  vogue editor , nfl quarterback among those seen with flip phones .  some say it 's about simplifying their live .
 charlotte dujardin : 'the girl with the dancing horse ' <sec> charlotte dujardin won two gold medals at the london olympic games .  the british rider came top in team and individual dressage events last year .  dujardin bought her first horse with inheritance left by her grandmother .  she was given her first training job by london 2012 teammate carl heste .
 flood of wikileaks cables includes identities of dozens of informants <sec> at least 170 cables name sources whose identity was meant to be protected .  wikileaks says it has been a target of a cyber attack .  some sources face potential embarrassment .  others in authoritarian states face more hazard .
 opinion : egypt , give bassem youssef a break <sec> bassem youssef was charged with mocking egypt 's president and insulting islam .  dean obeidallah : youssef , considered the jon stewart of egypt , was performing comedy .  he says there 's fear in the middle east that comedy will undermine political leaders .  obeidallah : will egypt 's new president embrace democracy and freedom of expression .
 nasa says its pockets not deep enough for new rocket <sec> space agency has $ 8 billion and 2016 deadline .  new capsule intended to take people to asteroid .  congress to get report of plans by spring or summe .
 n.y. chemicals were to be resold on internet , police say <sec> potassium nitrate , other chemicals , intended to be sold in small quantities .  potassium nitrate used in gunpowder but also has many legitimate uses .  no major laws broken or terror-related activities , man cooperating .  area round his staten island home was cordoned of .
 three big takeaways from hillary clinton 's return to politics - cnnpolitics.com <sec> former secretary of state campaigns for democratic candidate .  setting in virginia seems to suit hillary clinton 's style .  appearance mostly upbeat , with a few shots at the go .
 mcchrystal honored at retirement ceremony <sec> new : defense secretary lauds general 's talents , service .  stanley mcchrystal jokes about the sudden end to his military career .  mcchrystal stepped down after controversial magazine article .  he is characterized as mocking part of obama 's administration in the articl .
 how did she make that from paper ? <sec> a russian-born artist resurrects a centuries-old art form for her delightfully intricate paper illustrations .  brodskaya learned the technique from an old russian textbook .  while her clients include target and hermã¨s brodskaya hopes to make more personal work in the futur .
 flare and fury : how artists lambasted margaret thatcher <sec> former british prime minister margaret thatcher is dead at 87 , spokeswoman says .  known as the `` iron lady , '' thatcher 's policies divided britain during the 1980s .  lynskey : some of decade 's best music was in response to thatcher policies .  designer katherine hamnett on thatcher : `` she was appalling ... she did nothing for the arts . .
 javi martinez completes `` complicated '' transfer to bayern <sec> javi martinez completes $ 50m move from athletic bilbao to bayern munich .  bayern chairman accuses bilbao of `` refusing to cooperate '' with german club .  tottenham hotspur complete the signing of moussa dembele from fulham .  former bayern goalkeeper michael rensing moves to leverkuse .
 opinion : behind dalai lama 's hints on his reincarnation <sec> dalai lama 's comments about his next reincarnation set off a media kerfuffle .  reincarnation produces charismatic leaders , but has structural flaws , says robert barnett .  hinting he might not return is a reminder to beijing that time is running out .  at 79 , dalai lama needs to push china urgently to resume dialogu .
 what the health care ruling means to you <sec> groups express concerns about the medicaid ruling .  the requirement to have health insurance by 2014 remains in place .  insurance companies must cover people with pre-existing conditions .  small business owners and medical groups disagree over the impacts of the la .
 paris terror attack : what videos reveal about killers <sec> videos show speed , preparation by terrorists in paris attack , mark hertling says .  attack 's timing indicates intelligence and route planning on part of terror team , hertling says .  hertling calls it a follow-on attack after earlier firebombing on charlie hebdo faile .
 justice department reviews police response in ferguson <sec> department has been looking at civil rights issues in the ferguson case .  now it also is examining the police response to 16 days of august protests .  12-person team includes justice department officials , current and former police chief .
 lights back on for californians after earthquake <sec> new : utility helicopters patrolling for possible gas line breaks caused by quake .  at height of 6.5-magnitude quake , nearly 28,000 california residents were without power .  quake hit offshore saturday about 33 miles from eureka .  california residents describe ground rolling beneath the .
 travel guide helped african-americans navigate tricky times <sec> travel guide , known as the `` green book , '' helped african-americans travel nation .  the guide was started in 1936 by a harlem mailman named victor green .  professor : `` it gives us a history of what we might call 'driving while black ' .
 reporters without borders : 2012 is deadliest year on record for journalists <sec> annual report says 88 were killed while reporting .  this is a 33 % rise in journalist deaths since just last year .  group : syria , somalia , pakistan , mexico and brazil are deadliest countries for journalists .  the group began its annual roundup of journalist slayings 17 years ag .
 san diego mayor bob filner 's latest accuser is a great-grandmother <sec> new : `` i can forgive anybody but he needs to step down , '' peggy shannon says .  she works at the senior citizens service desk at city hall .  15 other women have previously come forward .  filner has acknowledged failure `` to fully respect '' some women , but says he 'll be vindicate .
 investigator : loughner 's law enforcement contacts were n't alarming <sec> new : loughner 's father asked him about a black bag he was carrying saturday morning .  new : `` assassination plans have been made '' was written on paper in a locked box .  u.s. district court judge larry burns is designated to hear loughner 's cas .
 riot police confront protesters in tehran , witnesses say <sec> new : interior ministry will release box-by-box ballot details , press tv reports .  basij militia smack batons against shin guards as protesters pass through square .  helicopters hover as thousands play cat and mouse with police , witnesses say .  at least 8 reported arrested , but no reports of serious injurie .
 'no justification ' for syrian clampdown , saudi king says <sec> the syrian crackdown is `` not accepted '' by riyadh , king abdullah says .  saudi arabia has recalled its ambassador and called for reform in syri .
 google unveils web-based android market for phones , tablets <sec> google launches a website for browsing and downloading apps .  apps can be beamed to your tablets or smartphones from that site .  google demonstrates many new features packaged with motorola 's xoom table .
 arizona 's anti-gay bill veto unlikely to end 'religious freedom ' fight - cnnpolitics.com <sec> arizona 's governor felt it was n't right ; many lawmakers face her decision .  `` right behind it are missouri and georgia , '' says analyst at political think tank .  he predicts the advocates will follow the lead set by anti-abortion advocates .  `` it 's a big , black mark against a state , '' says glaad ce .
 mubarak , two sons detained in rare move <sec> mubarak and two sons are being held for questioning in the killing of protesters .  the questioning of mubarak on corruption allegations already had begun , the military says .  egyptian state television reports mubarak had a heart attack .  mubarak stepped down on february 1 .
 pakistan : death toll from floods reaches 110 <sec> flooding caused by monsoon rains has destroyed 650 homes , officials say .  the pakistani prime minister will attend a meeting on the floods saturday .  india has also been hit by flooding , which has killed at least 70 people ther .
 michael dunn 's fate in jury 's hands in loud-music murder trial <sec> new : jury suspends deliberations for the day .  jury has eight whites , two blacks , an asian and hispanic , cnn affiliate says .  jury asks to see surveillance footage and mannequin .  if found guilty of first-degree murder , michael dunn faces up to life in priso .
 fifa wants action on hunger striking player <sec> fifa president sepp blatter calls for ifa to act on imprisoned palestine players .  mahmoud sarsak has been in jail in israel since june 2009 .  sarsak has been on hunger strike in protest against his continued incarceration .  fifpro calls the situation an `` injustice '' and call for sarsak 's releas .
 ruling causes 'whiplash ' in key kansas senate race <sec> kansas secretary of state rules democrat must stay on ballot even though he dropped out .  gop feared with no democrat , an independent could beat incumbent pat roberts .  independent orman is running on a libertarian platform , which could take votes from robert .
 obama warns al-assad against chemical weapons , declares 'the world is watching ' <sec> at least 239 are dead in fighting monday across syria , opposition activists say .  president obama issues a direct warning to syrian president bashar al-assad .  syrian forces are mixing chemical warfare agents , says a u.s. official .  the syrian foreign ministry denies plans to use such weapon .
 edinburgh fringe festival 's funniest female comedians to watch <sec> the biggest arts festival in the world runs from august 2-26 in edinburgh , scotland .  female comedians from all over the globe come to perform .  a mixture of household names and up-and-comers will be treading the board .
 amazon cloud player lets you play your music from anywhere <sec> the service adds a new `` save to amazon cloud drive '' button for saving mp3s to the cloud .  users are given 5 gb of free storage , but can get 20 gb if they purchase an album .  google and apple have been rumored to be hard at work on their own cloud-based player .
 utah rescuers find emaciated hiker after monthlong ordeal <sec> man survives more than three weeks in remote utah desert .  helicopter pilot , deputy rescued him in river gulch .  hiker had eaten roots , frogs to stay alive .  according to family , survivor has autis .
 i 'll have another surges to win 138th kentucky derby <sec> jockey , horse called calm and confident .  i 'll have another charges past bodemeister to win .  next leg of the triple crown is the preakness stakes .  winner took in nearly $ 1.5 millio .
 netherlands beat uruguay to reach world cup final <sec> netherlands beat uruguay 3-2 in first semifinal of world cup in cape town .  giovanni van bronckhorst , wesley sneijder and arjen robben score dutch goals .  diego forlan and maxi pereira reply for uruguay .  netherland will play either germany or spain in final on sunda .
 american hikers imprisoned in iran phone home <sec> relatives say imprisoned american hikers went on hunger strike over withheld letters .  relatives say they 've spoken only three times in 21 months to detainees .  iranian authorities accuse the men of spyin .
 opinion : factory meat , cruel and bad for us <sec> jane velez-mitchell : almost all farm animals in the u.s. are raised in factory farms .  velez-mitchell : animal abuse and cruelty is the norm in the meat industry .  she says meat production leads to obesity , disease , high health costs , pollution .  she says raising meat uses huge amount of energy ; plant based diet could feed the worl .
 ouch ! holiday health hazards abound <sec> in 2010 , more than 13,000 people were treated for holiday decorating-related injuries .  falls are the most common reason ers see patients during the holidays , doctor says .  each year fires kill approximately 400 americans and cause $ 990 million in damag .
 girl power can save the world <sec> eve ensler : among `` girl '' traits are compassion , relationship , emotion , play , vision .  ensler writes : these traits are essential to humanity 's evolution and future .  ensler : patriarchy denigrates `` girl '' as weak , untrustworthy ; worldwide , girls are abused .  oppression of `` girl '' leads to an insane acceptance of a world of cruelty , she say .
