 trayvon martin case has a tough , controversial prosecutor <sec> angela corey lives up to the `` tough on crime '' mantra , two criminologists say .  governor said he has `` full faith '' in her , but critics describe her as too aggressive .  the case of a 12-year-old to be tried as an adult sparked controvers .
 authorities : freezing weather leaves 19 dead in u.s. , canada <sec> new : authorities say 14 people died in the united states and five in canada since saturday .  232,000-plus customers without power in michigan , canada , new england .  electrical grids are rapidly recovering , but crews are working against the ice .  christmas took on new meaning for some at red cross shelter .
 trial of khmer rouge prison chief resumes <sec> new : duch offers basic introduction of himself ; court officials read probe 's findings .  duch 's trial is taking place outside the cambodian capital , phnom penh .  prison victims were military officials , communist party members .  duch , former prison chief , has admitted role in khmer rouge 's reig .
 manchester united manager ferguson defends glazer family <sec> alex ferguson tells cnn he has `` no complaints '' with man utd owners the glazer family .  glazers bought manchester united in 2005 but debts now stand at around $ 1bn .  ferguson says he will continue as manchester united manager as long as he is healthy .  united boss spoke to cnn world sport on club 's pre-season tour of the u.s .
 young couple does 'a million little things ' for weight loss <sec> caroline mickey and jon balajthy dropped 90 and 130 pounds , respectively .  when losing weight , they cleared their kitchen of all calorie-rich foods .  by working out together , the couple made gym visits a daily routine .  to maintain their weight loss , they integrated more activities into their lifestyl .
 la vets demand housing at giant va campus <sec> sprawling los angeles property donated for war vets in 1888 .  aclu sues to let thousands of homeless vets live there .  `` born on the fourth of july '' vet ron kovic calls for `` occupation '' protest .  va asks judge to throw case out of cour .
 it 's not just an old people thing : arthritis myths debunked <sec> osteoarthritis , the most common form of the disease , affects 27 million americans .  arthritis is not a disease of the old : two-thirds of those diagnosed are under 65 .  prescription and over-the-counter drugs can help with pain , as can exercis .
 jewish hockey player claims he was harassed <sec> hockey player files lawsuit against anaheim ducks , farm team .  jason bailey contends that coaches engaged in anti-semitic behavior .  he is seeking unspecified damage .
 secret service director mark sullivan to retire <sec> sullivan 's tenure clouded by colombia scandal involving agents and prostitutes .  served as secret service agent for 30 years , director since 2006 .  agency culture under review , sullivan said it was not an issue in colombia case .  watchdog , congressional chairman credit sullivan 's handling of the inciden .
 mexico aims to make baja safer for u.s. tourists <sec> task force will be made up of bilingual officers ; primarily will serve americans .  initial plan is to create a force that patrols a 50-mile tourist corridor of baja .  region 's reputation has been tarnished by ongoing , drug-fueled violence .  $ 13 billion travel industry is critical part of mexico 's econom .
 teach young men to treat women with respect <sec> katie hanna , monika johnson hostler : in the u.s. or abroad , violence against women persists .  they say there 's often a `` code of silence '' among athletes and fraternities .  hanna , hostler : athletic teams , coaches should educate boys about respecting wome .
 rare harry potter book fetches $ 19,000 at auction <sec> the soft-cover `` harry potter and the philosopher 's stone '' is one of 200 copies .  the 223-page book includes an autograph from author j.k. rowling .  the winning bid of $ 19,120 bypassed auctioneers ' expectation .
 beloved catholic priest found slain in california church rectory <sec> police open murder probe into the death of rev . .  eric freed .  freed was found dead in the rectory of his eureka , california , church .  authorities are looking for his car but have no solid leads , police chief says .  `` he connected with everybody , '' says professor at a university where freed taugh .
 a holocaust saga : from the sewers to a garden <sec> david preston 's mother and nine others survived the holocaust hiding in sewers for 14 months .  polish catholic sewer workers saved their lives , and his mother wanted to keep faith with them .  halina wind preston was the force behind a garden memorial to honor `` righteous gentiles '' .  preston : nazis wanted no jew to survive , so every act of rescue and survival is sacre .
 cavendish dons maglia rosa after naples triumph <sec> mark cavendish wins giro d'italia opening stage in naples .  leaves sprint late to pip elia viviani on the line .  11th giro stage victory for the flying manxman .  fellow briton bradley wiggins race favorite in 95th edition of gir .
 world 's best honeymoon spot is ... <sec> maldives won a comprehensive victory in agoda.com survey as top honeymoon destination .  of 20 places offered for a honeymoon , montreal was selected less than 1 % of the time .  where would you want to spend a honeymoon ? .  vote in our facebook pol .
 'real steel ' kos 'footloose ' at box office <sec> `` real steel '' is playing as an outright family affair .  `` footloose '' played much more like a typical dance flick .  `` the thing '' is the latest 2011 horror film to not connect with audience .
 african ivory worth $ 1.4 million seized in hong kong <sec> this is the second large amount of ivory confiscated in hong kong in the past month .  569 tusks were found under sunflower seeds in a shipping container .  the container came from tanzania as was picked out for inspection by official .
 how can japan 's stock slump actually be `` a sign of health '' ? <sec> koll : tokyo nikkei 7 % plunge thursday more 'sign of health ' than 'sign of worry ' .  nikkei has rallied 46 % since the start of 2013 thanks to pm abe 's fiscal policies .  japan 's central bank affirmed buying of long-term debt in support of abe .  jp morgan forecasts japan 's topix to climb 17 % by end of 201 .
 sunken treasure finally arrives in spain <sec> a treasure estimated worth half a billion dollars arrived in spain .  the coins had been the object of a legal battle in the united states .  the company that found the treasure lost its claim in the court .
 people and dogs of donetsk share struggle to survive <sec> shelter on the outskirts of donetsk is home to almost 1,000 dogs .  animals also run wild in packs through the war-torn city , sparking safety concerns .  many dogs have been orphaned or abandoned by their owners because of the conflict .  the people of donetsk are struggling to feed themselves , let alone pets , as winter closes i .
 'avengers : age of ultron ' : film review <sec> 'avengers : age of ultron ' hits theaters may 1 .  critic : movie does n't quite measure up to the original from 201 .
 amid economic unease , demand climbs at u.s. food banks <sec> a record 45.8 million people received food stamps from the government in may .  organizations that provide food to people in need say demand is growing for their services .  `` more of our clients are coming to us on an ongoing basis , '' feeding america official says .  weak economy , fear of budget ax leave many organizations uneasy about the futur .
 2012 winner must unite america on ideals <sec> david gergen , michael zuckerman : how is america 's specialness reflected in politics ? .  they say romney 's take on america 's exceptionalism : americans are a chosen people .  obama 's take : america is special because it 's different , an outlier with unique set of values .  writers : the candidate who will win in 2012 will show he can join liberty , egalitarianis .
 when sport is turned into a target <sec> two deadly bombs struck the boston marathon monday .  sporting events have often been the target of attacks .  countries previously affected include germany , pakistan and the u.s .
 hurricane bill expected to lash new england coast <sec> new : in massachusetts , coast guard recommends `` everybody stay off the beach '' .  president obama and family scheduled to arrive sunday at martha 's vineyard .  massachusetts governor : intense weather expected overnight to sunday morn .  forecasters warn of dangerous riptides along new england coast and nort .
 the best memes celebrating justice ginsburg 's birthday - cnnpolitics.com <sec> sunday is supreme court justice ruth bader ginsburg 's 82nd birthday .  social media memes mark the occasio .
 capitol hill jobs you 've never heard of <sec> capitol hill `` like a little city full of people , '' senate historian says .  capitol has a barber shop and a beauty parlor .  keeper of the stationery tends to office supplies .  parliamentarians explain arcane legislative procedure to lawmaker .
 somalia bomb kills 21 women street cleaners <sec> new : mayor blames islamist fighters for blast ; islamist fighters blame government .  new : women part of u.n. program in which they cleaned streets for food .  mogadishu the site of violence between ethiopian troops and islamist fighters .  11 ministers resign saturday , prime minister has refused to step dow .
 cell phone videos put south florida cops in hot water <sec> one video shows a fort lauderdale officer slapping a homeless man during arrest .  another shows a broward sheriff 's deputy dragging a woman by her ankle restraints .  one officer is on paid leave , the other is on restricted duty as investigations underwa .
 alleged maersk pirate arrives in new york <sec> alleged pirate known in official documents as `` pirate defendant '' .  alleged pirate brought to djibouti aboard the usns walter s. diehl , a refueling ship .  handed over to federal authorities by the u.s. military in djibouti , officials said .  diehl was with the warship uss bainbridge at the scene of a failed hijackin .
 nasa finds apparent sabotage <sec> nasa reports apparent sabotage after computer found with wires cut .  computer supposed to be sent to the international space station in two weeks .  nasa hopes to repair computer in time for august 7 launc .
 what can you tell about a person from their picture ? <sec> can you judge a book by its cover ? .  find out . .  this quiz is based on data from cnn ireport 's cultural censu .
 10 ways to look like a local in asia <sec> shanghai men are well-known for taking care of this for their women .  split the bill evenly in thailand , regardless of how much you consumed .  do not answer your phone on a train in japan .  koreans are big on blood type , so have it ready when socializin .
 philippines gets more than its share of disasters <sec> the philippines is one of the most disaster-hit countries in the world .  typhoon hagupit following path towards places hit by super typhoon haiyan .  the country sits in the western pacific ocean , a vast expanse of warm water .  steep mountains increase the risk of landslides , and low-lying areas are easily floode .
 turkish quake death toll climbs , but rescues continue <sec> new : the death toll rises to 570 , officials say , with about 2,555 people injured .  the latest person to be pulled out alive was 13-year-old serhat tokay .  britain pledges emergency tents for more than 5,500 peopl .
 how xbox smartglass will work <sec> xbox smartglass aims to make the console a key entertainment component .  app will tie tv and console with tablets and smartphones .  it uses windows 8 , but apple and android mobile devices also will work .  smartglass app will be free and available this fal .
 west coast solo trip opens driver 's soul <sec> olympic national park has rain forests , glaciers , beaches , mineral hot springs .  oregon cave stories include dog chasing bear and a `` caveman '' wedding .  stunning seaside lunch in mendocino , california , with amazing scenery .  among giant sequoias , strolling among 2,000-year-old trees overtakes autho .
 peterson jokes , chews gum at court appearance <sec> new : peterson to media on handcuffs , chains : `` i got the bling . .  ca n't complain '' .  drew peterson arrested in the death of his third wife , kathleen savio .  renewed interest in savio 's death came after peterson 's fourth wife disappeared .  peterson , through his attorney , denies any wrongdoing in either cas .
 massachusetts sues federal government over marriage law <sec> lawsuit challenges constitutionality of defense of marriage act .  measure defines marriage as between man and woman .  attorney general : law means state ca n't define and regulate marriage .  suit says law denies same-sex married couples essential rights , protection .
 tamils protest outside uk parliament <sec> several hundred tamil protesters demonstrate outside uk parliament .  protesters urge uk lawmakers to `` act to end the genocide in sri lanka '' .  tamil tiger separatists have fought since 1983 for an independent homeland .  sri lankan military said sunday it had captured last rebel stronghol .
 alleged rape victim to meet with journalists , libyan government says <sec> new : mother says she worries government will portray her daughter in a negative light .  al-obeidy will `` hopefully '' be seen by a few female journalists by saturday , government says .  her mother told cnn she had not seen her .  al-obeidy 's speaking out was unprecedented , a columnist say .
 doctor : young woman gang-raped in india dies <sec> diplomat says family wants privacy protected .  the woman 's gang rape on a new delhi bus spawned days of protests across the country .  she had `` severe organ failure '' tied to injuries to her body and brain , a doctor says .  india 's prime minister says her death should n't be in vain , vows action to ensure women 's safet .
 world cup : neymar double gives brazil a nervy opening win over croatia <sec> brazil defeats croatia 3-1 in thursday 's world cup opener .  marcelo own-goal gives european side an early lead in sao paulo .  neymar then scores twice for brazil and oscar seals win late .  mexico faces cameroon in second group a game on frida .
 woman throws mug at 'mona lisa ' <sec> `` mona lisa , '' protected by bulletproof glass , is undamaged .  tourist who threw mug has been sent to a psychiatric unit .  500-year-old artwork has suffered previous attack .
 the davos which must change <sec> cnn 's richard quest , john defterios and nina dos santos give their views on davos .  quest argues it needs to change and `` reshape itself '' before it tackles the world .  dos santos argues davos revealed significant inequality -- in its many different forms .  defterios says the star guest was iran 's rouhani , as judged by how he stopped the roo .
 northern ireland improving water supply to residents after crisis <sec> 799 customers remain without water , state-funded company says .  northern ireland water has drawn criticism for its handling of the crisis .  more disruptions expected sunday night as reservoirs are fille .
 jordan : 10 reasons to visit the middle east 's most easygoing country <sec> bedouin culture is at the root of jordanian hospitality .  jordan 's epic scenery has been featured in numerous films .  want to see ancient ruins ? .  jordan wo n't let you dow .
 bekele breaks world two-mile record <sec> kenenisa bekele breaks the world two-mile record in birmingham .  he wins the event in 8 minutes 04.35 seconds . .  he is 0.34 seconds faster than compatriot haile gebrselassie 's old recor .
 commentary : truth nowhere to be found in mcclellan book <sec> reed dickens worked with scott mcclellan for nearly three years in white house .  dickens believes mcclellan book is false , disappointing , badly timed .  dickens : this is a classic case of what bitterness and being unforgiving can d .
 apparently this matters : crap ( py ) taxidermy <sec> a uk man named nish started his @ craptaxidermy twitter feed about a month ago .  since 2009 , a popular blog about the same thing has existed under the name crappy taxidermy .  kat su runs crappy taxidermy and is working on a new book about the subjec .
 indycar series to review safety after franchitti crash <sec> the indycar series is examining ways to make the sport safer .  dario franchitti and three spectators taken to hospital following a crash in houston .  four-time champion franchitti had surgery on an ankle injury .  safety improvements have been made to indycar chassis since dan wheldon 's death in 201 .
 animal-rescue experts help tripoli zoo <sec> animal experts from austria saw cnn reports on the tripoli zoo and rushed to help .  animals at the zoo suffered as gun battles raged in the city .  the zoo 's director says libya 's new leaders pledge to give the zoo support .  but for one tiger , the fight for survival is los .
 mother jailed as horrific baby abuse case closed <sec> british mother of child who died after brutal abuse has been jailed indefinitely .  her boyfriend and lodger are also sent to jail over baby p 's horrific injuries .  case caused an outrage in britain after raft of people missed chance to stop abus .
 'our shutdown fears have been realized ' <sec> mom elise kamin says the math is against her family : 2 feds + 2 kids = trouble .  joy lorien ca n't afford to make her grandchildren breakfast ; they got the free one at school .  a colorado business owner has had to furlough 90 % his staff ; some may not come back .  tell us how you 've been affected by the shutdow .
 vuvuzela : south african symbol made in china <sec> state media : 90 percent of vuvuzelas are made in china .  poll finds that 60 percent of respondents are proud chinese-made vuvuzelas so popular .  vuvuzelas made by melting plastic into a mold .  domestic customers are ordering the trumpets for the asian game .
 qatar 's inflation headache <sec> qatar 's economy is booming , but emirate has the highest inflation rate in gulf .  two recent cuts in u.s. interest rates putting pressure on gulf currencies .  qatari pm says `` studying all options '' on dollar-peg , gcc consensus ideal .  members reluctant to drop the dollar-peg despite growing inflationary pressur .
 free seeds helping americans get by , live healthier <sec> the dinner garden provides free seeds to people so they can feed a family of four .  the nonprofit was started by holly hirshberg , who turned to her garden during tough times .  report : nearly 15 % of american households were `` food insecure '' in 2009 .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2011 cnn heroe .
 learning to read ? try talking to a dog <sec> therapy dogs in libraries can help kids become more comfortable with reading .  it 's less intimidating for a child to read to a dog than a parent or classmate .  spending time with a dog also helps physiologically reduce effects of stress .  dogs in libraries and schools are a small but growing trend across the u.s .
 football first xi : best former eastern bloc players <sec> all 11 players come from former eastern bloc countries from the last 20 years .  the list contains mostly attacking players , with just one defender and keeper .  let us know what you think by posting a comment in the sound off bo .
 general asks for u.s. warships in typhoon relief <sec> new : two u.s. navy amphibious ships will pick up marines in okinawa and sail to philippines .  the u.s. commander in the philippines is asking for amphibious warships .  the vessels can carry helicopters , vehicles that can surmount debris piles .  the u.s. military will bring supplies , but they will be handed out by local leader .
 after mars landing , is science cool again ? <sec> the landing of nasa 's rover curiosity on mars generated intense national interest .  simon dedeo : are americans rekindling their romance with science ? .  he says we experienced vicariously a group achieving unambiguous excellence .  dedeo : this is also the era when we might grasp underlying principles of human societ .
 6 best places to escape the crowds in bali <sec> bali might be a popular tourist destination but there are crowd-free corners worth exploring .  with its black-sand beach , balian is popular among intrepid surfers .  west bali national park is home to bali 's top snorkel sit .
 navy official : pings not thought to be from mh370 's black boxes <sec> navy spokesman says michael dean 's comments on pings are `` premature '' .  the pings have been at the center of the search for weeks .  the new development comes as searchers wrap up first phase of their efforts .  malaysia airlines boeing 777 disappeared in marc .
