 opinion : jfk , obama : redskins needs to change <sec> kennedy administration in 1961 asked redskins team owner to lift its racial ban .  thomas smith : 50 years later , president obama said team name should be changed .  he says diehard fans use history and tradition to defend offensive name and logo .  smith : public opinion calls for racial sensitivity ; current owner will have to respon .
 healthy now , transplant doctor helps other latinos <sec> near-perfect match needed in bone marrow transplants .  hispanics have a 33 % chance of finding the perfect bone marrow .  atlanta doctor nearly died from lymphoma .  he 's committed to helping other hispanics such as ill teen find right matc .
 atlanta public high schools placed on probation <sec> accrediting agency on tuesday announced probationary status for atlanta public high schools .  advanced : system has till september 30 to show progress on recommendations .  school board decisions and friction between members are at the core of complaint .
 house passes tax deal to send it to president obama <sec> new : the house passes the tax package .  new : the bill now goes to president obama to be signed into law .  the vote was delayed by liberal democrats seeking changes .  the measure extends bush tax cuts to all , along with jobless benefit .
 nasa 's dawn spacecraft to arrive at dwarf planet ceres <sec> nasa 's dawn spacecraft arrives friday at ceres .  the spacecraft is the first to visit a dwarf plane .
 is apple starting to lose its bite ? <sec> apple 's share price has fallen 25 % since record high of $ 702.10 set three months ago .  ubs , citibank & mizuho analysts all cut share price targets for apple in past few days .  morgan stanley : record 19 million iphone 5 's forecast to have been sold in q4 2012 .  iphone 5s , 6 & rumored `` itv ' may pull up apple 's share price in 2013 , say analyst .
 new york city to pay $ 100,000 to ehud halevy , who was beaten by cops <sec> police beating of ehud halevy in brooklyn was caught on video .  city agrees to pay beating victim $ 100,000 plus legal fees in settlement .  video shows male officer hitting suspect dozens of time .
 bush announces $ 250b bailout <sec> u.s. president george w. bush announces $ 250 billion bailout .  henry paulson : golden parachute payments and excesses will end .  japan 's nikkei closes tuesday up 14 percent , a one-day recor .
 ex-officer pleads not guilty in bart shooting <sec> ex-cop johannes mehserle appears in packed alameda county courtroom .  supporters separated by aisle from relatives of shooting victim oscar grant iii .  mehserle was arrested in nevada earlier this week .  grant 's death spawned public outrage and a string of protest .
 married at 13 to man in his 70s : child bride who 's changing attitudes <sec> mereso kilusu was a child bride . .  now she campaigns against child marriage .  changing attitudes in traditional communities is key , says kilusu .  'we need to talk to families about how girls can contribute to their livelihoods , ' she says .  report : nine of the 10 countries with the world 's highest rates of child marriage are in afric .
 volunteers vaccinate homeless against h1n1 <sec> volunteers hit streets to offer h1n1 vaccine to homeless in broward county , florida .  they travel with a police escort to help with any situation they 're not ready to handle .  lack of sanitary conditions makes it easier for homeless to catch the virus . .  `` a true blessing , '' says one of the men who received the sho .
 man faces murder charge for remains found in duffel bag <sec> prosecutor : carlos colina , 32 , will be arraigned on the murder charge next week .  he 's already been arraigned for alleged assault and battery , improper disposal of a body .  body parts were found in a duffel bag and a common area of an apartment buildin .
 sanchez : day laborers offer negotiating tips <sec> laborers in palisades park say two days of work at $ 90/day is a good week .  they hope to earn enough money to send some to family in other countries .  some seem bitter about life in the u.s. , but claim they stay for the mone .
 socceroos deny koreans at asian cup ; abdulatif scores four for bahrain <sec> australia and south korea have four points in group c after 1-1 draw in qatar .  koo ja-cheol nets his third goal of 2011 asian cup before mile jedinak equalizes .  ismaeel abdulatif scores four goals as 10-man bahrain beat india 5-2 in other group c match .  middle east side led 4-2 before faouzi aaish , who also netted , was sent of .
 explainer : sri lanka and the tamil tigers <sec> conflict between tamil tigers and government has lasted more than 25 years .  at least 65,000 killed , thousands homeless , 100,000-plus fled to south india .  tigers have their roots in the earliest days of sri lanka 's independence in 1948 .  the group has demanded a separate tamil state in northern and eastern sri lank .
 killing of 3-year-old a mystery five years later <sec> fbi joins investigation into death of 3-year-old riley fox , slain in 2004 .  riley was reported missing from home ; her body was found that day .  authorities initially charged father in the killing , but dna exonerated him .  attorney for family blasts law enforcement for lack of progress on cas .
 may sees lowest u.s. troop death toll in iraq <sec> 19 u.s. troops were killed in iraq in may , the fewest killed in any month of the war .  death toll spiked in 2007 , with 104 deaths last april , 126 in may , 101 in june .  numbers dropped after the `` surge '' strategy took hold .  a suicide car bomb struck an iraqi police checkpoint monday killing nine peopl .
 sri lankan president declares war 'victory ' <sec> new : sri lankan president mahinda rajapaksa declares victory in civil war .  tamil leader velupillai prabhakaran still alive , rebel web site claims .  sri lankan government says prabhakaran is dead .  rebels have fought for an independent state for minority tamils since 198 .
 a jeb bush e-book deal with amazon ? - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the bush money machine faces the expectations game .  al gore 's trip back to iowa has some democrats buzzin .
 thai court rules arms dealer suspect bout can be extradited to u.s . <sec> viktor bout is charged with conspiracy to sell weapons to guerrilla fighters , money laundering and wire fraud .  he has been in custody in thailand since 2008 .  the court has ruled that he will be released if he is not extradited within three month .
 israel oks cease-fire extension in gaza ; hamas rejects <sec> new : hamas : a cease-fire that does n't include troop withdrawal is unacceptable .  israel authorizes extension of cease-fire for 24 more hours .  more 1,000 palestinians have been killed , at least 40 israeli soldiers have died .  more than 100 bodies found in gaza areas too dangerous to enter in recent day .
 arrests made in memphis football player slaying <sec> university of memphis athlete taylor bradford , 21 , was shot september 30 .  three charged with murder in perpetration of attempted aggravated robbery .  after player was shot , he got in his car , drove off and then crashed into a tree .  the killing spurred school officials to temporarily lock down the campu .
 tracy morgan still fighting to recover , lawyer says <sec> tracy morgan 's lawyer says the actor sustained `` severe '' brain injury in june crash .  morgan also suffered broken ribs , a broken nose and a broken leg .  lawyer : morgan is fighting to get bette .
 india unveils home-built aircraft carrier , ins vikrant <sec> india introduces a 37,500 ton aircraft carrier , ins vikrant .  the carrier 's name means courageous .  warship will undergo tests for years before used in the navy , says spokesma .
 water taxis to ferry hundreds across potomac for inauguration <sec> up to 3,200 passengers to be taken across potomac on seven boats .  service is partially a response to the closure of all bridges from virginia to d.c . .  potomac riverboat company clears security to provide service .  all passengers must arrive at least an hour early for a full screenin .
 fifa probes stoning of algeria players <sec> world ruling body fifa begins investigation into incident before world cup qualifier .  three of algeria 's players were injured as egyptian fans threw stones at team bus in cairo .  egypt won the match to force play-off , which algeria won 1-0 in game held in neutral sudan .  the north african rivals have a history of tensions , and other meetings have caused riot .
 alleged international parent kidnapping diverts flight <sec> a united airlines flight bound for beijing turned around five hours into flight .  the fbi alerted the flight crew to a possible international parental kidnapping .  a woman traveling with her son was detained upon their return .  the 4-year-old boy was returned to his fathe .
 china media brands philippine president 'ignorant and amateurish ' after hitler gibe <sec> state media calls the philippine president `` ignorant '' and `` amateurish '' .  benigno aquino compared beijing 's pursuit of disputed territory with the rise of nazi germany .  comments echo a similar historical parallel made by japan 's leader .  china says it has chosen a path of peaceful developmen .
 'holy grail ' of baseball cards sold for $ 2.1 million <sec> 1909 card of pittsburgh pirate shortstop honus wagner is one of only about 50 in existence .  the buyer remains anonymous but is called `` a wealthy individual investor and a baseball fan '' .  there were 15 bids made for the prized item .  the card is rare because wagner made the american tobacco company recall i .
 opinion : obamacare penalty delay no big deal <sec> employer penalty for not providing full health care delayed for a year , till 2015 . .  aaron carroll : outcry oversized since penalty applies only to companies with 50-plus workers .  employer penalty will likely apply to about 10,000 companies out of about 6 million , he says .  carroll : it 's all political theater -- obamacare would hurt without penalty , but it would functio .
 constitution and the debt : can the president go it alone ? <sec> little known legal provision could again provide opening for president obama on debt ceiling .  obama said that the stakes were stark if the government could not pay its bills .  former president bill clinton said previously he would act unilaterally and test the courts .  but obama had the chance in 2011 and was n't convinced it was the correct legal strateg .
 panic-buying , airport fears grow as french refineries shut <sec> friday is the fourth straight day of strikes .  at least 10 of france 's 12 oil refineries are shut .  people are lining up at gas stations to stock up ; the main paris airports are affecte .
 burning ship limps to port in england after rescue <sec> new : the ship owner does n't know the cause of the fire .  most of the crew is rescued from the athena .  it 's heading for falmouth , england , under its own power .  the vessel caught fire more than 200 miles from lan .
 student cashes in savings after private loan falls through <sec> lender my rich uncle suspended its private student loan program on friday .  the move left eric hahn , 21 , scrambling to find alternative funding sources .  the company says it is working to resume loaning money as soon as possible .  financial advisers say investors are pulling out even though loans considered stron .
 star show jumping horse dies during competition <sec> the horse collapses and dies in front of hundreds of spectators .  his rider is led out of the ring in shock .  lamaze rode hickstead to several wins , including an olympic gol .
 severe storms fizzle after whacking midwest , south <sec> at least three people are dead from the line of storms .  the storm is moving out to sea .  tornadoes strike missouri , louisiana and mississippi .  the storm leaves snow in the north-central and northeastern u.s .
 how the world cup played out on social media <sec> brazil 's 7-1 defeat by germany becomes huge social media talking point .  semifinal generates nearly five million social mentions , according to cnn 's facebook .  england second only to brazil in number of social mention .
 'bizarre ' russian film genre born of decades of creative suppression <sec> vbs journalist meets pioneers of `` most peculiar '' experimental film movement .  genre born of freedom that came with collapse of soviet union .  unique film tradition may not exist much longer given russia 's present volatilit .
 'toyota defense ' could reverse criminal conviction <sec> koua fong lee is serving an eight-year prison term for vehicular homicide .  three people died in a crash involving lee 's 1996 toyota camry .  toyota recently announced a recall over problem of unintended acceleration .  defense wants experts to re-examine lee 's car , still at impound lo .
 paris saint-germain wins french title <sec> paris saint-germain wins french title for second year running .  challenger monaco unable to catch psg .  monaco held 1-1 by guingamp .  psg beaten 2-1 at home by renne .
 site shows facebook updates your boss should n't see <sec> a new website collects incriminating status updates from facebook .  we know what you 're doing went live monday and has more than 120,000 unique visitors .  an 18-year-old created the site to raise awareness about oversharing on public network .
 fargo a fortress of sandbags <sec> new : diversion project saves minnesota town , resident says .  volunteers , national guard fill 1 million sandbags , mayor says .  river expected to crest sunday 20 feet above flood stage .  power restored to most of northeast after weekend nor'easte .
 'odd couple ' actor klugman dies at 90 <sec> attorney says jack klugman died at home with wife by his side .  klugman acted in `` the odd couple '' on broadway before being famously teamed with tony randall .  klugman , who died at 90 , later played a medical examiner in `` quincy , m.e . '' .  actor also was a horse owner who had a third-place finisher in the kentucky derb .
 5 charged with credit card hacking scheme feds call largest ever <sec> 4 russians , 1 ukrainian are charged in what the u.s. alleges is a massive hacking conspiracy .  2 of the accused are in custody , the other 3 are at large , the u.s. department of justice says .  they allegedly stole , sold over 160 credit/debit card numbers for hundreds of millions of dollars .  the announcement comes the same day stanford university experienced `` an apparent breach .
 kevin smith 's 'clerks iii ' update <sec> kevin smith gives an update on `` clerks iii '' .  the filmmaker says it should go into production in june 2015 .  his original `` clerks '' is a cult classi .
 colombia 's santos wins re-election <sec> new : juan manuel santos predicts the start of a new colombia .  with more than 99 % of polling stations reporting , he had nearly 51 % of the vote .  challenger oscar ivan zuluaga won some 45 % of ballots .  key election question : how should the government handle the farc .
 cooking light names cities that best fit its philosophy <sec> cooking light magazine marks 20th anniversary by naming top 20 u.s. cities .  15 criteria were grouped into categories -- eat smart , be fit , live well .  seattle tops list with lots of fresh local foods , pedestrian-friendly street .
 mali facing deep crisis , amnesty international says <sec> rebels have taken over northern mali .  amnesty international reports arbitrary detentions , extrajudicial executions and sexual violence .  both sides have committed abuses , the human rights group say .
 cnn student news transcript : may 24 , 2010 <sec> soak up some analysis of what may and may not help clean up an oil spill .  look into some of the reasons why a government intelligence chief resigned .  step up your knowledge about the youngest person ever to climb mount everest .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 my arrest at occupy wall street <sec> molly crabapple : i was arrested for taking part in an occupy wall street rally .  crabapple : i was inspired to see people care passionately about inequality issues .  she says getting arrested for a social protest is like being put through aversion therapy .  crabapple : the movement won me over , i would protest agai .
 house republicans elect mccarthy to take cantor 's job <sec> house majority whip kevin mccarthy moves up a notch in leadership ranks .  california republican defeated labrador for the no . .  2 job .  few expect mccarthy 's rise to significantly change how republicans run the hous .
 where 'dawg fights ' pay the bills ( opinion ) <sec> the documentary `` dawg fight '' shows men fighting in a miami suburb for money .  lz granderson : it 's the only chance for some ever to reach the american drea .
 report : china trying to crack u.s. computers , buy nukes <sec> pentagon : chinese military expanding its navy , investing in weapons .  officials worry china is trying to hack into u.s. military computers .  `` intrusions '' have already happened , officials say , though info was not classified .  pentagon : china 's lack of transparency makes it hard to know the extent of activit .
 guinea : ebola death toll reaches 70 <sec> death toll from an ebola outbreak in guinea reaches 70 , including 4 in the capital .  doctors have set up isolation facilities in two regions , because there is no cure or vaccine for ebola .  senegal says it 's closing the border with guinea of prevent spread of ebola .  world health organization says no cases of ebola confirmed outside of guine .
 uk police investigate women 's 'invisible handcuffs ' in slavery case <sec> police say the captives were brainwashed , emotionally abused .  a couple is alleged to have held three women captive in london for more than 30 years .  one of the alleged captives contacted a charity , which worked with police on a rescue .  police arrested the pair thursday but released them on bail friday , until a date in januar .
 stewart seen as winner in showdown with cramer <sec> critics and viewers see stewart as victor after interview with `` mad money '' host .  pair squared off in an uncomfortable debate on `` the daily show '' .  ireporter : surprised at how stewart `` attacked cramer 's credibility '' .  howard kurtz : `` important moment for holding financial journalists accountable .
 brooke astor 's son , his lawyer guilty of bilking estate <sec> anthony marshall faces up to 25 years in prison .  marshall swindled millions from mother in her declining years .  prosecution witnesses included the cream of new york society .  astor 's foundation gave $ 200 million to new york ; she died at 10 .
 preacher killed wife , stuffed body in freezer , police say <sec> new : anthony hopkins denied bail at initial court appearance .  preacher is charged with murder , rape , sodomy , sexual abuse and incest .  he was arrested after delivering sermon at his alabama church .  case began when daughter told police she 'd been sexually abuse .
 powell : 'no interest ' in more government service <sec> colin powell responds to suggestion he be named white house chief of staff .  `` i have n't been asked , and i do n't expect to be asked , '' he says .  he calls midterm election results `` a body blow '' for president obam .
 how nfl can prove it cares about women ( opinion ) <sec> gayle sulik , linda rubin : nfl observing breast cancer awareness in october .  writers : nfl wants to draw women ; why not mark domestic violence awareness month ? .  nfl has had high-profile abuse cases ; intimate partner violence ubiquitous in u.s. , they say .  writers : nfl in denial on domestic abuse . .  it could do good to publicly take up caus .
 anti-tech protesters target google exec <sec> protesters targeted google ventures exec kevin rose 's home sunday .  they are angry about gentrification , influx of high-paid tech workers in the bay area .  the group demanded $ 3 billion from google to set up `` anti-capitalist '' communities .  rose co-founded digg , the news-aggregation site , before going to googl .
 brady sacked five times in shock defeat <sec> new england quarterback tom brady sacked five times in super bowl loss .  brady floored for the final time in dying moments of match in phoenix .  patriots were aiming for a record 19-0 season at the super bow .
 why film stars are battling europe 's banks <sec> eleven european countries , including france , germany , italy and spain are signed up to a financial transaction tax .  campaigner simon chouffot says ftt could help deal with the devastation wreaked by the financial crisis .  harry potter director david yates directs the campaign 's spot staring bill nighy and clemence poes .
 number of syrian refugees rises above 2 million , u.n. agency says <sec> syrians say military strikes could exacerbate the situation on the ground .  refugees in lebanon report attacks ; one says she 'd rather die in syria .  besides the 2 million refugees , another 4.25 million people are displaced inside syria .  most of the refugees are in lebanon , jordan , turkey and ira .
