 top irs official beats back republican criticism <sec> irs chief testifies following revelations the agency lost thousands of emails .  `` i do n't believe you , '' rep. paul ryan told john koskinen at a hearing .  `` i did n't come out of retirement to play games , '' koskinen said afterward .  koskinen has a reputation for honesty , toughness , but is also unflappabl .
 10 nations join mexican opposition to arizona law , politician says <sec> arizona 's sb 1070 requires proof of residency from anyone being investigated for a crime .  opponents say the law is discriminatory and can lead to racial profiling .  supporters say it is an effort to curb massive illegal immigration .  the justice department has filed suit against the la .
 steve jobs and the rise of social media <sec> karen north : early personal computers were difficult to operate .  steve jobs dramatically improved the computer experience , she says .  north says many of jobs ' innovations helped enable the social media boom .  jobs believed in taking leaps rather than incremental steps , she say .
 after hacks , sony finds traces of anonymous group <sec> sony says it found a file linking the anonymous hacker group to a recent attack .  the file , containing the group 's sort of calling card , was allegedly left on sony 's server .  anonymous denies involvement with the intrusion that resulted in sony going offlin .
 fears of quakes and flammable tap water hit britain as fracking looms <sec> residents worry about potential earthquakes and tap water tainted with natural gas .  energy company has not applied for permission to frack , but protesters try to block its work .  u.s. protesters have flown to the uk to join local demonstrators .  uk energy minister : 'if there is any risk it will be stopped immediately .
 ceo right : yahoo workers must show up <sec> raymond fisman : marissa mayer needs to revive yahoo , and face time at the office is key .  fisman : granted , this goes against utopian vision of everyone working from cafes .  fisman : in-person work means innovations , avoids misunderstood directives .  he says more jobs will get done and it 'll encourage those who work in a half-empty offic .
 he 's not teflon , but to 'ford nation , ' toronto mayor still their man <sec> controversial toronto mayor retains support despite crack admission .  but calls are growing for his resignation after months of scandal .  police said last week they have a video said to show ford smoking crack .  rob ford has not been charged with any wrongdoin .
 presidents cup : tiger woods clinches u.s. win over internationals <sec> tiger woods scores decisive points as u.s. retains presidents cup title .  americans beat international team by 18½-15½ at rain-hit muirfield in ohio .  woods beats richard sterne 1-up in sunday 's singles , before which u.s. led 14-8 .  world no . .  1 suffered his only defeat in delayed morning foursome .
 who : ebola outbreak one of 'most challenging ' <sec> mali says it has three suspected ebola cases .  ebola has sickened 178 people , killed more than 100 , who says .  more deaths are suspected or confirmed in sierra leone , mal .
 man utd go top with five-star win over hapless portsmouth <sec> manchester united return to top of english premier league with 5-0 crushing of portsmouth .  united go one point clear of chelsea , who host third-placed arsenal on sunday .  liverpool move into fourth place after beating everton 1-0 despite having man sent off .  tottenham left in fifth place after drawing 0-0 at home to aston villa in late matc .
 historic rains kill at least 51 in south korea <sec> rain falling at a rate of two inches an hour in some areas .  agency says 51 dead after downpours and landslides .  five neighborhoods outside seoul are under evacuation orders .  officials have been able to restore power to thousand .
 13 celeb men who cheated death <sec> several male celebs have had near-death experiences including actors , rappers and singers .  kanye west got in a car accident while driving home from his recording studio in 2002 .  in 1966 , dylan was in a mysterious motorcycle crash near his house in woodstoc .
 iran attacks hollywood over movie 'insults ' <sec> ahmadinejad 's advisor on the arts was speaking to a hollywood delegation .  shamghadri : comic-book-inspired action flick `` 300 '' an example of a `` total lies '' .  iran repeatedly and undeservedly attacked by hollywood movies , he said .  report : hollywood delegation supposed to meet iranian filmmakers in marc .
 pakistani protesters warn pope over blasphemy laws <sec> demonstration held outside of islamabad .  people angry about vatican stance on blasphemy laws .  protesters praise alleged kille .
 mining boomtown among 'distinctive destinations ' <sec> the national trust for historic preservation names 12 distinctive destinations .  locations named share a commitment to historic preservation and revitalization .  the historic mining town of virginia city , nevada is on the 2009 lis .
 flying into hostile territory : somalia experiences boom in air travel <sec> business at mogadishu 's airport is `` booming '' , with up to 35 flights scheduled each day . .  last year , turkish airlines was the the first major carrier to fly to mogadishu 25 years . .  airlines are heartened by the tight airport security . .  currently 17,000 troops protect the airport . .  pilots and crew are paid more for operating in what is still classified as a hostile destinatio .
 your family 's emergency kit is probably a disaster <sec> new unconventional ad campaign encourages families to create an emergency plan .  six out of 10 americans do n't have a disaster plan , according to survey .  only 19 % said they were very prepared for a disaster .  one tag line for quirky campaign : winging it is not an emergency pla .
 chinese buyer of french vineyard feared dead in helicopter crash <sec> chinese investor lam kok is feared dead in a helicopter crash in southwest france .  his son 's body has been recovered , but police continue to search for kok and two others .  the vineyard 's previous owner , who 'd sold the estate to kok on thursday , was also aboard .  kok wanted to tour the vineyard by helicopter , its marketing manager say .
 kfc accused of kicking out girl scarred in pit bull attack <sec> victoria wilcher was attacked by three pit bulls in april .  last week her grandmother took her to a kfc in jackson , mississippi .  a restaurant employee said the girl 's scars scared other customers , the grandmother said .  kfc is investigating and will donate $ 30,000 to victoria 's treatmen .
 can high technology make trains safer ? <sec> kate ascher : after deadly train derailment in new york , people lament state of u.s. rail system .  ascher : technology that might have prevented accident is being deployed on freight lines .  ascher : horrific rail crashes in china , spain , france show high-tech is n't safer .  more investment wo n't make trains completely safe , she says . .  it wo n't stop human erro .
 apple unveils mac os x mountain lion <sec> apple : latest mac operating system , named mountain lion , will launch this summer .  30 percent of mac users have os 10.7 installed , another 50 percent favor snow leopard .  developers will continue to make two separate versions of apps they want on mac and io .
 tabata : scorch calories without the time commitment <sec> tabata protocol is proven to boost endurance in only about 25 minutes or so .  method is based on studies of high-intensity intermittent training .  if done properly , tabata should fatigue even the most fit gym bunnie .
 secret service vague with details to federal court <sec> secret service provided vague details of fence jumping incident in initial affidavit .  lawmakers are questioning whether secret service provided full account of what happened .  issa to secret service chief : `` i want to know if we can rely on reports from your agency .
 california bank manager used in robbery <sec> new : robbers strapped fake bomb to manager , police say .  new : bank employee was abducted wednesday morning .  police search for the two robbers ; the east los angeles bank manager is n't injure .
 toronto mayor rob ford says he wo n't resign despite video <sec> toronto police have a video of mayor rob ford apparently using drugs .  the mayor , who has denied the allegation , says he has no reason to resign .  police say they recovered a video of ford that had been reported on in the media .  two news agencies reported that they saw a video showing ford doing drug .
 wimbledon champions to get big pay rise <sec> all england club say weakened pound forced them into big prize money increases .  in sterling terms winners of singles titles will receive 13.3 percent increase .  wimbledon will benefit from new sliding roof on centre court this yea .
 drug violence spins mexico toward 'civil war ' <sec> drug-related conflicts bring waves of violence , death that some liken to a civil war .  u.s. helps fuel violence with market for illegal drugs , weapons supply for drug gangs .  `` the drug gangs are better equipped than the army , '' expert says .  pervasive corruption among public officials also at center of drug cartels ' succes .
 military denies hiding report after fort hood killings <sec> spokesman : classification of study of troop radicalization unchanged .  report contributor says military classified report after fort hood shootings .  attention to report might have prevented massacre , co-author says .  u.s. failed to learn from european studies , u.s. representative say .
 georgia victim of flesh-eating bacteria breathing on her own again <sec> aimee copeland is off a ventilator , her father writes .  copeland has lost both hands , feet and part of her torso due to the infection .  she has necrotizing fasciitis , caused by flesh-eating bacteria from a zip-lining accident .  `` i have never seen such a strong display of courage , '' he says of his daughte .
 'do the right thing ' shines brightly , 25 years later <sec> `` do the right thing '' came out 25 years ago monday .  film made some critics anxious , but all it stoked was conversation .  movie drew from racial events of the er .
 nepal 's first president sworn in <sec> the oath was administered by chief justice kedar giri .  yadav first president to take office in nepal since monarchy was abolished .  the post of president is largely ceremonial . .  pm has executive powers .  yadav was the general secretary of the nepali congress part .
 court : uk honeymoon killing suspect must be extradited to south africa <sec> new : `` we want to know what happened , '' says the uncle of murder victim anni dewani .  a uk court rules shrien dewani should be sent to south africa for trial .  he denies hiring hit men to kill his new bride in cape town .  a south african official welcomes the ruling and says dewani will get a fair tria .
 search warrants seek evidence of drug addiction in michael jackson <sec> new : search warrants say there is probable evidence of prescribing to an addict .  new : source says numerous prescription drugs found in michael jackson 's home .  `` dr. [ conrad ] murray is the only one we 're looking at , '' law enforcement official says .  singer 's father confirms michael had another child , says `` he looks like a jackson .
 david giuntoli and the underdog success of 'grimm ' <sec> `` grimm '' centers around detective who finds out he 's a descendent of the grimms .  `` young people really are enjoying this , '' david giuntoli says .  `` that 's where `` grimm '' lives , aesthetically . .  that mossy , dense forest , '' he say .
 poor communication hurt tennessee flood forecasts , report finds <sec> forecasters did n't know about increased releases from a dam upstream , the report finds .  the weather service and the corps of engineers say they 're working to fix the problems .  the may 2010 floods killed 26 people and flooded downtown nashvill .
 screams , 'we 're down , ' recorded in cockpit of crashing plane <sec> new : first officer talked to pilot about fear of crashing , transcript shows .  safety board releases transcript from cockpit of plane 's final moments .  february crash near buffalo , new york , killed all 49 on plane and one on ground .  monday report cited pilot 's training ; airline says training met faa requirement .
 hundreds protest new york immigrant 's fatal beating <sec> police say december 7 beating of jose sucuzhanay may have been a hate crime .  authorities say attackers shouted racial slurs ; sucuzhanay died friday .  brother : he 'll be remembered as `` a victim of a hate crime .
 google seeks to scrub web of child porn <sec> google spending a total of $ 7 million to ramp up fight against child porn .  search giant 's `` fingerprinting '' helps find images , prosecute those who post them .  child protection technology fund will look for new tool .
 patience needed for housing loan program , home buyer finds <sec> lisa locascio took three months , nearly 30 bids to buy home .  nearly $ 6 billion has been allocated for neighborhood stabilization program .  investors are often outbidding potential home buyers for phoenix properties .  city officials think program is beginning to take off , hope to help 900 familie .
 white house chief of staff knew of irs report before its release <sec> a senate committee holds a hearing tuesday on the irs targeting .  white house discloses new details of what it knew about the irs targeting report .  white house spokesman says president obama was n't told of the pending report .  new : first lawsuit filed over irs targetin .
 congo rebels declare cease-fire to prevent panic <sec> new : u.n. says rebel troops to adhere to cease-fire .  45,000 flee refugee camp in matter of hours .  u.n. says its peacekeepers still in charge of goma .  congo says rwandan forces join fight with minority tutsi rebel .
 dig in : food with a side of murder <sec> culinary murder mysteries have been popular since the days of nero wolfe novels .  cooking inspires some plots while writers work out recipes .  psychologist : comfort foods help ease feelings of fear or aggression .  recipes included in the backs of books are also a popular feature of culinary mysterie .
 review : the lonely island 's new album `` turtleneck & chain '' <sec> the group is andy samberg , jorma taccone and akiva schaffer .  on ''motherlover , '' justin timberlake returns for a deeply filthy , proudly milf-y ode .  rihanna , nicki minaj , snoop dogg , and michael bolton all make appearance .
 commentary : 10 ugly things about the immigration debate <sec> ruben navarrette shares what hispanic readers are saying to him .  he lists 10 things he says they find ugly about the immigration debate .  hypocrisy , racism are two items they find distasteful , columnist say .
 al qaeda reported to suffer double blow in sahara <sec> if both abou zeid and belmoktar have been killed `` it would be big news , '' analyst says .  they became the two most powerful al qaeda figures in the sub-sahara .  if confirmed , their deaths would likely set back efforts by jihadists to wage a campaign of guerrilla warfare against the frenc .
 'sons of anarchy ' releases indie soundtrack <sec> `` songs of anarchy , '' explores `` sons of anarchy 's '' use of up-and-coming artists .  forest rangers , who play on the majority of `` songs of anarchy , '' have appeared in episodes .  `` soa '' fan alison mosshart joins the forest rangers on a cover of `` what a wonderful world .
 u.s. muslim groups slam radicalization hearings <sec> new : holder says hearings should n't `` alienate entire communities '' .  new : congressman pledges : `` i wo n't demonize anyone '' .  muslim leaders say they are being unfairly targeted by king 's committee .  king says attacks inspired by al qaeda could have killed thousand .
 somalia 's famine reaches into mogadishu , u.n. says <sec> new : about 100,000 people recently arrive in mogadishu in need of help , the u.n. says .  u.n. spokesman : somalis need `` our immediate and concerted response '' .  the united nations first declared a famine in june .  relief efforts are complicated by the country 's civil wa .
 woman with flu miscarries ; battles for her life <sec> cdc recommends all pregnant women get flu shots .  does n't matter what trimester of pregnancy , flu shot is safe .  severely ill woman 's husband said she tried to get flu sho .
 nonprofits help katrina victims rebuild their homes , lives <sec> robert green lost his mother and a granddaughter in hurricane katrina .  since then he has lived in a fema trailer in new orleans ' lower 9th ward .  this year he moved into his new home thanks to brad pitt 's make it right nonprofit .  hud secretary : if it were n't for nonprofits , there would have been little or no progres .
 immigrants ' days filled with fear , uncertainty , separation <sec> with talk of reform , undocumented immigrants reveal their fears and hopes .  immigrant : `` i identify with american culture , '' but he hears `` you 're not part of us . .
 marine pleads guilty in japan sex crime <sec> u.s. marine pleads guilty to abusive sexual contact with a child under 16 .  staff . .  sgt . .  tyrone l. hadnott is sentenced to four years confinement .  the marine corps withdrew several other charges , including rape of a chil .
 researchers say they can hack an iphone through the charger <sec> researchers say they can hack apple mobile devices through the charger .  georgia tech team will present findings at black hat security conference .  claim : malicious charger `` mactans '' can hack ios in less than a minut .
 get results by social networking with airlines <sec> some airlines have at least one worker dedicated to watching twitter and facebook .  users following airlines on social media often get the scoop on fare sales .  american airlines spokesman : posting negative feedback may help resolve issue .
 dozens killed in spate of nigeria attacks <sec> new : military denies reports that civilians were mistakenly killed in air operations .  on saturday , attackers destroyed mainok village in nigeria , killing 39 people .  residents blame boko haram for the rifles-and-grenades assault .  in another town , two explosions about two minutes apart killed dozens , residents sa .
 cab-driving shutterbug chronicles istanbul 's underbelly <sec> cabbie 's familiarity with cameras once consisted only of `` an on and an off button '' .  sevket sahintas garnering attention for photos taken on his night shift .  fellow cabbie says , `` he makes us want to learn new skills , as well '' .  sahintas wants istanbul 's `` happy people '' to see how cold , poor residents liv .
 opinion : punish bankers not banks for crimes <sec> bnp paribas has been fined nearly $ 9 billion in fines for violations of us sanctions .  french authorities criticized the fine as excessive and disproportionate .  author yves smith says fines such as this have only limited impact on the banks .  banks will not change until top executives face punishment , yves smith write .
 vancouver residents ponder reasons for stanley cup riots <sec> facebook page asks for help in identifying instigators .  chief blames '' criminals and anarchists '' for postgame melee .  hundreds of canucks fans take to the streets ; vehicles are overturned and set ablaze .  mayor gregor robertson calls the incident `` absolutely disgraceful and shameful .
 tampa puppet protesters pulling no punches <sec> tampa banned the use of puppets in protests at the gop convention . .  but that has n't stopped some protesters from donning masks and puppet heads . .  `` look ! .  it 's an elephant in chains . .  are they protesting us ? '' .  asks one conventioneer . .  a puppet troupe takes its activism inside a bar in ybor city .
 king : cleveland clinic pushes into future <sec> president obama often cites clinic as example of how health care should be .  ohio hospital pays surgeons fixed salary instead of by procedure .  doctor says that leads to focus on choices that help prevent major procedure .
 by the numbers : early voting <sec> 2 : number of states with all mail-in voting . .  3 : days before the election set aside for ohioans to vote in person . .  30.3 : percent of voters nationwide who voted early in 2008 . .  8.12 million : the estimated number of people who have already voted as of october 2 .
 your next waiter or waitress may be ... a tablet <sec> e la carte tablets allow customers to browse a full menu and talk with the kitchen .  the company will soon be launching tablets in 20 restaurants on the west coast .  they come loaded with social games and a calculator for check splits and tip .
 australian open : victoria azarenka , caroline wozniacki set up showdown <sec> victoria azarenka crushes sloane stephens in melbourne .  azarenka now faces caroline wozniacki , who topped another young american .  stan wawrinka begins his title defense with a straight-sets win .  novak djokovic , serena williams also ease into the second roun .
 emmys 2013 : kerry washington , 'it girl ' <sec> actress is the first black woman to be nominated in her emmy category since 1995 .  kerry washington has managed to keep her personal life private .  despite acclaim and recognition , it 's all about the work for washingto .
