 armstrong team removes special jerseys for cancer survivors <sec> race officials refused to let armstrong 's team wear the special jerseys .  armstrong 's team wanted to wear the jerseys to honor millions living with cancer .  armstrong himself is a cancer survivor .  the seven-time tour de france winner finished 23rd in this year 's rac .
 scared but alive : video purports to show abducted nigerian girls <sec> the united states sends surveillance planes , satellite images to help search .  all options are on the table to gain release of abducted girls , official says .  the comments come after boko haram video claims to show some of the girls .  man thought to be boko haram leader says he 'll exchange the girls for prisoner .
 medical group to say men do n't need prostate cancer screenings , source says <sec> new : prostate cancer foundation spokesman calls recommendation a mistake .  new : but author of report says he believes testing does more harm than good .  u.s. preventive services task force to give prostate specific antigen testing a `` d '' rating .  it says tests bring `` small or no reduction '' in prostate cancer death .
 feldman says corey haim was winning fight with drugs <sec> cause of actor corey haim 's death unknown .  his agent says his career was picking up .  friend corey feldman says haim `` became a man '' caring for sick mothe .
 sofia vergara 's ex nick loeb speaks out about frozen embryos lawsuit <sec> loeb says he filed a complaint against the actress to prevent her from destroying their two embryos .  the couple created the embryos while they were engage .
 beckham : milan transfer is almost complete <sec> david beckham confirms he is almost certain to return to italian club ac milan .  the la galaxy midfielder says the loan move is `` 95 percent done and dusted '' .  34-year-old needs to be playing in europe to have chance of world cup place .  beckham won his 115th international cap in england 's 3-0 win against belaru .
 west nile virus prompts public health emergency in dallas county , texas <sec> new : officials will offer aerial insecticide spraying to communities hit by virus .  new : virus kills nine people and infects 175 more people in dallas county , texas .  a county judge declares a public health emergency .  the country is experiencing its biggest spike in west nile virus since 200 .
 emotional extremes for families of typhoon haiyan victims <sec> hundreds of people are still missing in the philippines .  family members abroad hope for the best and fear the worst .  loved ones experience despair , joy and emotions in betwee .
 in mongolia , competition worth singing about <sec> naadam festival is held every july in mongolia .  competition 's events have origins in military , hunting training .  naadam in the most widely watched festival in mongoli .
 prolific eto'o rescues point for inter milan <sec> inter milan held to 1-1 home draw against brescia on san siro .  samuel eto'o scores disputed penalty to equalize in second half .  bologna out of serie a relegation zone with 2-0 win over lecc .
 james patterson : if i were amazon 's jeff bezos ( opinion ) <sec> james patterson : amazon 's tactics in pricing negotiations with hatchette stirs controversy .  he says he dreams about being amazon 's jeff bezos ; he 'd use his power for good , be a hero .  as bezos , he would n't want to drain profits from book industry by dropping ebook prices .  patterson : he 'd help a diversity of publishers earn and survive to nurture new great book .
 hideo nakata : director of dread <sec> director of japanese horror film `` ringu '' has redefined a genre .  trained as a journalist , he did not start out aiming to make horror films .  has remade a number of his films for hollywood to mixed review .
 icc prosecutor : evidence insufficient to try kenya 's uhuru kenyatta <sec> icc prosecutor seeks delay for the trial scheduled to start in february .  a key witness pulled out while another one provided false evidence , prosecutor says .  kenyatta is accused of funding a local militia that conducted reprisal attacks in 2007 electio .
 judge says michael jackson 's kids 'doing wonderfully ' <sec> judge extends michael jackson administrators ' powers until the end of the year .  administrators of estate do n't need to have court approval for every decision .  joe jackson attends court hearing for the first time since son 's deat .
 u.s. : isis problem 'off the charts historically ' <sec> obama 's point man in isis fight does n't rule out u.s. military action beyond iraq and syria .  brett mcgurk : iraqi leader making progress with sunni tribes in planned anbar offensiv .
 the dark , dangerous journey from niger to libya <sec> niger 's goverment worries libya 's war will destabilize the country .  al qaeda has kidnapped several foreigners outside agadez in recent years .  moammar gadhafi is rumored to have spent millions on niger 's infrastructur .
 galleries , photographers capture spirit of children in need of homes <sec> celebrity photographers join the effort to help children in need of a home .  they hope the kids will be seen in a different light .  the event is part of national adoption month .  heart gallery nyc works with other locations in the u.s. and canad .
 income inequality : now on google street view ( opinion ) <sec> east carroll parish , louisiana , has the highest income inequality in the nation .  the parish seat , lake providence , has a lake that divides rich from poor .  cnn 's john sutter says google street view previously did not show the poor side .  he writes that that 's since changed ; he applauds google , whatever the reaso .
 middle east turmoil threatens vicious economic cycle <sec> credit rating agencies have downgraded the debt of tunisia , jordan and egypt .  a potentially toxic economic cycle could hurt arab economies , analysts say .  jordan objects to downgrade , may look for more u.s. ai .
 a family 's woe over mexican worker killed by wa police <sec> antonio zambrano-montes , 35 , picked fruit in washington state 's orchards until he injured his hands .  he arrived to the united states about 10 years from michoacan , mexico .  his family says they want justice after he died unarmed in police shootin .
 indonesia : widodo wins presidency ; prabowo objects <sec> indonesian presidential election results are expected tuesday .  candidate prabowo subianto rejects election process .  joko `` jokowi '' widodo declared victory after polls closed on july .
 president , congress offer no immediate help on gas prices <sec> bush has proposed increasing the supply ; dems propose reducing demand .  some dems oppose increasing production for environmental reasons .  they propose research into alternative fuels , funds for mass transit .  those plans would be costly and would take a long time to implemen .
 28 dead as 'enormous outbreak ' of tornadoes tears through u.s . <sec> new : 15 are dead in indiana , 12 in kentucky and one in ohio , authorities say .  national guard troops are deployed in kentucky , others are ready in indiana .  a toddler girl is found without id in a field in indiana , authorities say .  a national weather service meteorologist calls the twister outbreak `` crazy .
 suspect in burnings of jewish scrolls charged with hate crimes <sec> brooklyn man charged with hate crimes in burnings of mezuzahs .  eleven of the scrolls were burned in one complex , the 12th in another .  vandalism occurred on holocaust remembrance da .
 obama girl look-alike model in spotlight <sec> one young model is getting jobs because she looks like an obama daughter .  expert : `` marketers are finally waking up to it -- you know -- black is beautiful '' .  j.crew 's web site crashed after obama girls wore the brand on inauguration da .
 congressman who shouted 'you lie ! ' at obama will sit with democrats <sec> rep. joe wilson was criticized by both parties for his outburst during 2009 obama speech .  he apologized at the time , calling his comment `` inappropriate and regrettable '' .  he 'll sit with two democrats during tuesday 's state of the union address , spokesman says .  reps. susan davis of california and madeleine bordallo of guam invited wilson to sit with the .
 britain ends military mission in iraq , withdraws troops <sec> britain withdrawing its 170 troops from the country .  britain 's defense secretary says the troops completed their task of training the iraqi navy .  at the height of the war , 46,000 british troops were deployed to ira .
 baby hope slaying suspect indicted <sec> 4-year-old anjelica castillo was found dead in a trash bag in 1991 .  for years she was unknown and referred to as `` baby hope '' .  police say conrado juarez confessed to the killing during interrogatio .
 aldrin 's vision of space tourism for the masses <sec> former astronaut buzz aldrin wants to see space travel more accessible to the masses .  he works with the u.s. government to discuss the future of the country 's space program .  private companies are influencing space travel more than in the past , when the government dominated exploration .  aldrin supports a lottery system for deciding who will become space tourist .
 all clear given after suspicious package found at cdc <sec> new : aerial footage shows fire and other emergency vehicles responding to the incident .  the package was found at the cdc 's roybal campus .  offices near the package were evacuate .
 medellin reborn : colombian city moves out of escobar shadow <sec> colombian city of medellin was once known as the home of drug lord pablo escobar .  now the city has been the focal point for innovative urban regeneration .  named the world 's most innovative city by the urban land institute .  regeneration began under former mayor who pioneered theory known as `` urban acupuncture .
 let 's hear it for stepfathers , too <sec> leah ward sears : on father 's day , we should celebrate contributions of stepfathers .  stepfathers have a tough time being accepted , she says , and often play second fiddle .  stepfather to sears ' children generously put up with resentment in early years .  sears : honor grandpas , uncles , stepfathers , all who have a positive influence on kid .
 christine o'donnell : exhibit a for getting rid of closed primaries <sec> a year ago , moderates in both parties lost primaries in new jersey and d.c . .  john avlon says their defeats were the result of partisanship in closed primaries .  christine o'donnell appealed to the party base but lost the general election .  avlon : having open primaries would go a long way to improving politic .
 nigeria backtracks on ban on protests for kidnapped girls in capital <sec> the ban was on protests in support of more than 200 kidnapped girls .  police : citizens should `` apply caution '' at such rallies .  the schoolgirls were kidnapped from northern nigeria in apri .
 palin steps down as alaska governor <sec> palin transfers power to alaska 's lieutenant governor .  in last speech as governor , palin says she 'll `` fight even harder '' for alaskans .  palin says she resigned `` to chart a new course to advance the state '' .  palin takes the media and hollywood to task during speec .
 two egyptians try but fail to set themselves on fire <sec> both incidents occurred tuesday in cairo .  there have been similar actions in north africa .  the string of incidents started in tunisi .
 christie administration lawyers up ; subpoenas going out <sec> cnn has obtained some of the names of those subpoenaed .  subpoenas for documents to be issued to 17 individuals , three groups .  no subpoena for gov . .  christie at this point in bridge scandal .  members of christie 's team are accused of exacting political retributio .
 legendary 'zebra whisperer ' who tames queen 's horses <sec> ever thought zebras could n't be tamed ? .  think again .  gary witheford has broken four zebras , plus donkeys and llamas .  celebrity trainer has worked for queen , sheik mohammed , wayne rooney .  he kept zebras as pets in english countryside , says they behaved like dog .
 call for general strike appears to go unheeded in ivory coast <sec> new : french government reviewing credentials of ouattara 's choice for ambassador .  in abidjan , businesses appeared open as usual .  `` the call for the strike was not followed , '' the liberian embassy 's spokeswoman says .  most of the 14,000 refugees who have fled into liberia are childre .
 fda investigates deaths preliminarily linked to energy shots <sec> fda : 3 deaths have been preliminarily linked to 5-hour energy supplement .  no cause-and-effect relationship has been established , according to the fda .  the company is not required to disclose the amount of caffeine in its `` energy shot .
 martin , zimmerman mothers offers opposite takes on 911 call screams <sec> new : a defense lawyer says other evidence , not the 911 call , will determine the case .  new : a lawyer for martin 's family says he thinks the jury will find zimmerman guilty .  gladys zimmerman says she knows the panicked voice is that of her son .  earlier , trayvon martin 's morther said that it her son 's voice on the 911 cal .
 opinion : why dems better hope obama 's lying <sec> s.e . .  cupp : repeated snafus in health exchange rollouts make it seem obama 's playing it by ear .  cupp : he 's either lying about not knowing exchange website not ready , or he 's incompetent .  she says lying would be better it 's politically survivable . .  incompetence is more damaging .  cupp : dems tout ability to make government solve problems . .  botched rollout hurts their bran .
 hubble telescope spots azure blue planet where it rains glass <sec> it is the first time astronomers have determined the color of an exoplanet .  the planet is 63 light years away .  temperatures reach as high as 2,000 degrees fahrenheit .  it possibly rains glass sideways in 4,500-mph wind .
 how we burned baltimore ( opinion ) <sec> in baltimore , after the death of freddie gray , riots erupted , cars were set on fire and 200 arrests were made .  eric liu : liberals and conservatives react predictably , see the riots as confirmation of their views .  it 's time to push each other out of our ideological and identity comfort zones and change the status quo , he say .
 girl , 14 , fled abuse , 'mind control ' of polygamy <sec> sara hammon says women were told marriage was their ticket to heaven .  hammon says she was sexually abused by her father and brothers .  she describes her father 's 19 wives as second-class citizens in the household .  hammon left the community when she was 14 years ol .
 thatcher opponents hold 'party ' as her daughter speaks of loss <sec> new : opponents hold a public `` party '' with thatcher in effigy .  new : guerrilla theater by anti-thatcher activists is a sign of her divisive legacy .  new : participants carry a makeshift coffin labeled `` society . '' .  daughter carol thatcher says next week 's funeral will be `` tearful .
 'contraband ' tops 'beauty and the beast 3d ' with $ 24.1 mil <sec> `` contraband '' earned an estimated $ 24.1 million over the standard three-day weekend .  in second was `` beauty and the beast 3d '' with $ 18.5 million for the three-day frame .  `` joyful noise , '' drew a smaller congregation with $ 11.3 millio .
 the return of 'rainbow brite ' <sec> rainbow brite is the latest '80s cartoon to make a comeback .  the animated heroine will star in a new series on feeln .  the subscription service caters to a family-friendly demographi .
 who are the missing uk girls thought to be in syria ? <sec> three east london classmates are suspected of traveling to syria to join isis .  `` we are not mad at you , we love you , '' says the family of one girl .  `` find the courage in your heart to contact us , '' says the sister of anothe .
 gift advice from the experts -- and you ! <sec> author jodi newbern : there is no such thing as a bad regift , only bad regifters .  get in the spirit of selecting a present and do n't stress out , peggy post says .  never give your wife anything with an electrical cord attached , says author sherri atha .
 terrorists kidnap , torture boy to bully iraqi policeman <sec> iraqi boy survives two-year hostage ordeal by al qaeda in iraq operatives .  terrorists took the boy to blackmail his father , who was a police officer in iraq .  `` they pulled my teeth out with pliers , '' the boy tells cnn .  dad says he wo n't leave police force despite intimidation , threat .
 family that 's given 300 years to gm hopes for future <sec> four generations of one family have worked for general motors .  legacy at risk of ending if gm does n't survive financial crisis .  michigan family proud of contributions to industry , military , community , unio .
 top picks in $ 30,000+ used luxury cars <sec> newer acura mdx is classified as a crossover suv , but it 's a deluxe version .  bmw 328i is sleek , finely-tuned and beautifully-designed driving machine .  infiniti 's m series is another winner with an aggressive engine performance .  consumer reports recommended a slew of used lexus model .
 butterfly farmers help protect threatened forests <sec> tanzanian projects training people to farm butterflies .  projects give locals an alternative income and protect forests .  amani butterfly project use 250 local farmers and sells pupae to live butterfly exhibits .  butterfly farmers in zanzibar no longer have to cut down trees to sell charcoa .
 analysis : do n't expect deal with mexico on assault weapons ban <sec> mexico : u.s. ban on assault weapons would curtail flow of weapons into country .  ban instituted in 1994 during clinton era and expired 10 years later .  president obama has no immediate plans to try to reinstate ban , official says .  obama meeting with mexican president felipe calderon in mexico cit .
 army veteran pleads to lesser charge in syria fighting case <sec> eric harroun initially charged with fighting alongside group affiliated with al qaeda .  he allegedly posted videos on the web showing him with weapons .  u.s. said he had been on 'no fly ' llist , but was removed to fly him home where he was arrested .  harroun , who is from phoenix , released from custody after being sentenced to time serve .
 kurdish fighter : isis has entered syrian city of kobani <sec> small arms fire can be heard from southwest kobani , as east is bombarded .  isis fighters have entered the syrian kurdish city , a kurdish fighter says .  turkish pm says turkey will do whatever it can to prevent the fall of kobani .  turkey has authorized military action in iraq and syria , and australia in ira .
 'russia 's paris hilton ' goes political <sec> kseniya sobchak says she was true to her political tastes even during her `` paris hilton years '' .  though she has reason to back putin , she opposes his run for re-election .  putin 's political manipulation is `` not how it should work and people feel offended , '' she say .
 how 'contagion ' spread to the big screen <sec> teaching advanced math and science is n't usually part of a big hollywood thriller .  `` contagion '' cast includes kate winslet , gwyneth paltrow , matt damon , jude law .  idea for movie planted in writer scott burns when he saw online ted talk by larry brillian .
 the wit and wisdom of eleanor roosevelt <sec> a new pbs documentary by ken burns highlights the family life of eleanor roosevelt .  the politician and former first lady is well know for her campaigning and wit .  12 quotes from the politician celebrate her wisdo .
 u.s. urges caution after german terror threat <sec> al qaeda terror group posts video message threatening attacks in germany .  u.s. officials urge their citizens in germany to keep low profile and be wary .  germany 's interior ministry report increase in threats by al qaeda this year .  message criticizes chancellor merkel over wars in iraq and afghanista .
 father sought in toddler 's death <sec> multiple law-enforcement agencies are searching for arthur e. morgan iii .  his 2-year-old daughter 's body was found tuesday in a new jersey stream .  state authorities and the fbi are involved in the searc .
 thousands evacuated due to perilous floods in russia 's far east <sec> 3 regions in russia 's far east suffer catastrophic flooding .  a government ministry says at least 18,000 are affected .  authorities set up 166 shelters , ship in emergency aid , state news report .
 alaska flights canceled over ash from russian volcano <sec> volcano shoots ash into the atmosphere some 30,000 feet .  winds blow ash cloud across the bering sea and into western alask .
