 employee held in slaying at posh new york hotel <sec> lebanese native andree bejjani , 44 , found dead in condo saturday .  derrick praileau , 29 , faces second-degree murder charges .  police commissioner tells newspaper that praileau was housekeeping manager .  authorities have not revealed suspected motiv .
 how the indignados motivated spain <sec> sandra león : spain 's political landscape has been relatively calm despite the austerity measures .  but the spanish indignados movement have gathered support in a country with low civic engagement .  león says a majority of citizens sympathize with the aims of the indignados .  public discontent may shift from the streets to the political stage should this bailout not be enoug .
 mascherano wants to quit liverpool ; torres boost for hodgson <sec> liverpool manager has mixed news over futures of javier mascherano and fernando torres .  roy hodgson says midfielder mascherano wants to go but striker torres is staying .  mascherano has been linked with a move to european champions inter milan .  liverpool midfielder lucas leiva recalled into brazil squad after missing world cu .
 missing iranian researcher takes refuge in pakistani embassy <sec> new : secretary of state clinton says the scientist is in the united states of his own free will .  the iranian scientist arrived at the pakistani embassy on monday .  iran claims u.s. kidnapped amiri to force him to give up data about iran 's nuclear program .  u.s. has denied charge but remains tight-lipped on whether amiri defecte .
 georgia woman with flesh-eating infection leaves hospital <sec> new : aimee copeland is discharged from an augusta , georgia , hospital .  she has had multiple amputations and skin grafts .  `` amy , she cherishes life . .  she relishes life , '' her sister say .
 review : 'defiance ' solid but lacking <sec> film tells the true story of the bielski brothers , who fought back against nazis in 1941 .  the brothers set up a camp in the woods and saved hundreds of fellow refugees .  remarkable story should have inspired more exciting , original film , tom charity says .  charity : `` defiance '' heavy-handed , but there 's something satisfyingly solid about i .
 confession admissible in etan patz case , judge says <sec> jury will be allowed to hear pedro hernandez 's confession to killing etan patz in 1979 .  hernandez 's attorney says the confession was false and hernandez has low iq .  judge says low iq does not mean hernandez did n't understand his rights .  trial set to begin january .
 underground medical expertise refined in syrian crucible <sec> opposition has effectively set up a parallel shadow health care system .  doctors without borders : `` medicine is being used as a weapon of persecution '' .  dentist in one town tells of reprisal and torture he and other doctors endured .  despite ingenious preparations , shortages of supplies remain sever .
 nasa : russia loses contact with spacecraft progress <sec> progress 59 spacecraft will re-enter earth 's atmosphere in a week , russia space agency says .  nasa : russian flight controllers have been trying to make contact with the unmanned space freighter .  space station crew can manage without supplies carried by the spacecraft , nasa say .
 kanye says he understands george bush 's 'disgust ' <sec> a newly sympathetic west says he feels bush 's pain .  `` i 'm more sensitive to people 's emotions , '' west says .  he continues , `` i definitely can understand the way he feels to be accused of being a racist .
 building houses to resist earthquakes <sec> earthquake centered in kashmir region of pakistan killed more than 70,000 in 2005 .  london-based nonprofit provided architectural help to start rebuilding .  robin cross says lightweight framing was used to build earthquake-resistant houses .  he says good building design can lessen the toll of an earthquak .
 tokyo residents living in shadow of north korean belligerence <sec> patriot anti-missile batteries appeared overnight this week in japanese capital .  they are deployed in case north korea carries out its threat to test-fire a missile .  would take between five and 10 minutes for missile to reach skies over tokyo .  japan has deployed these measures before during previous launche .
 'teddy bear ' teacher gets 15-day prison term in sudan <sec> british teacher in sudan found guilty of insulting religion .  gillian gibbons , 54 , arrested after her class named teddy bear `` mohammed '' .  gibbons was not convicted of two other charges brought against her .  uk consular staff , gibbons ' defense team initially refused access to the cour .
 obama wants nationwide high-speed rail system <sec> president obama to announce $ 8 billion in stimulus funds for high-speed train plan .  proposed rail system would span across 31 states .  work is expected to be finished by 2014 , according to white hous .
 review : 'snl 's ' maya rudolph shines in 'away we go ' <sec> john krasinski and maya rudolph star as a couple expecting a baby .  their onscreen relationship feels touchingly true .  director sam mendes brings out a great performance from rudolph .  movie 's loose-limbed , spontaneous quality is a good part of its appea .
 egypt 's coup : what we know <sec> morsy ousted after rejecting army ultimatum to resolve the crisis within 48 hours .  christiane amanpour : `` there 's very little you can call it other than a coup '' .  some analysts are warning of a potential extremist backlash against recent events .  ben wedeman : `` there 's not going to be that quiet after the storm this time around .
 fifth-grader scores big with idea for pink penalty flags <sec> when one of the dolphins or jets messes up sunday , pink penalty flags will fly .  referees will use them in final weekend of breast cancer awareness month .  fifth-grader dante cano passed the idea to nfl commissioner roger goodell .  goodell ran with it and has invited the cano family to the gam .
 4 wine country contenders <sec> there are more than 100 wineries in washington 's walla walla valley .  navarro vineyards in anderson valley , california , offers daily tours and tastings .  virginia 's premier wine country spreads out around the city of charlottesvill .
 where in the world ... ? <sec> do you know where this photo was taken ? .  cnn will post a new photo each monday morning and reveal the answer later that day .  the photo might be related to a recent story -- or it could just be something unusual we foun .
 saudi family sues genie , alleges harassment <sec> every member of family alleges spirit lurks in home they 've had for 15 years .  family said it became aware of the spirit in the past two years .  in islamic cultures , a belief in genies , or jinns , is commo .
 sources : annan , clinton to meet about syria <sec> new : opposition says 42 people were killed monday ; syria says 30 `` martyrs '' were buried .  a syrian opposition group pleads for criminal court action .  envoy kofi annan is to meet friday with clinton , sources say .  syrian president bashar al-assad says syria is facing `` a war from abroad .
 cell phones help filmmakers reveal unseen africa <sec> french filmmaker organises mobile movie workshops in developing nations .  faced with technical and political problems whilst teaching in kinshasa .  congolese pupil 's film nominated at pocket films festival in paris .  workshops have taken on momentum of their ow .
 how nations risk nuclear terrorism <sec> world leaders meeting in seoul to discuss security measures against nuclear terrorism .  richard chasdi : one major source of risk is the use of proxy groups by nations .  he says nuclear-armed pakistan is one of the countries where proxy groups have been used .  chasdi : in a nuclear age , empowering proxy groups could lead to disaste .
 police : evidence of 'calculation , ' 'deliberation ' in colorado shooting <sec> new : president obama is scheduled to be in colorado sunday to visit victims ' families .  new : `` who expects to be shot in a movie theater ? '' .  a survivor asks .  james e. holmes received a high volume of deliveries the past four months , says police chief .  chief dan oates on the suspect 's home : `` make no mistake . .  this apartment was designed ... to kill .
 petra on prague : czech supermodel shows cnn her 'golden city ' <sec> czech supermodel and philanthropist shows cnn around her `` golden city , '' prague .  nemcova : `` prague is like former president vaclav havel : admirable , artictic and proud '' .  nemcova also talks about growing up under communism and surviving the 2004 asian tsunam .
 carville : gop routed by reality <sec> writers predicted that diverse , liberal youth voters would secure democratic majority .  they say tuesday election results proved them correct .  they say gop throws money at election , clings to culture war .  writers : dems win with support of growing groups ; gop sees support of shrinking group .
 taliban capture russian , turks in afghanistan <sec> new : on board are 7 turkish engineers , 2 russian pilots and an afghan pilot .  chopper is headed to kabul from khost .  it develops equipment malfunction , an official says .  in text message to news outlets , taliban says it forced the chopper to lan .
 did rick perry show his liberal side ? <sec> william bennett : cnn/tea party debate may change course of presidential race .  he says rick perry adopted a moderate or even liberal stance on some issues .  other candidates attacked perry on immigration , hpv vaccine , social security .  bennett : tea party favorites like michele bachmann had a good nigh .
 residents : boko haram seizes nigerian towns <sec> suicide bomber kills six people in kano ; boko haram suspected .  chibok is among at least three towns seized by fighters .  boko haram fighters also overran two towns in adamawa state , fleeing residents say .  the militant islamists `` are all over the town firing heavy guns , '' one resident say .
 living a nightmare in china 's city of sinkholes <sec> when cracks appeared in xiao 's house he feared the worse .  xiao 's hometown , jining , is one of china 's massive `` coal cities '' .  he watched many of his neighbors ' homes sink into the ground .  officials : sinkholes devouring 20 million square meters of land here a yea .
 hong kong hotel guests freed from flu quarantine <sec> 200 guests of hong kong hotel freed after being confined a week due to swine flu .  hong kong health officials were unwilling to see a repeat of sars .  hotel to remained closed for intensive cleaning and disinfecting , official say .
 kandahar mayor killed in suicide attack ; taliban claim responsibility <sec> new : hamidi had known his life was in danger .  afghan president hamid karzai condemns the killing .  `` it 's not clear to me that this was a taliban-conducted act , '' ambassador crocker says .  the taliban have taken responsibility for the attack , a spokesman say .
 sudan , south sudan agree to pull troops from demilitarized zone <sec> sudan and south sudan will withdraw their troops from a 14-mile-wide demilitarized zone .  the agreement was brokered by former south african president thabo mbeki .  the deal will be implemented `` word-by-word and step-by-step , '' a sudanese minister says .  south sudan became an independent nation in 2011 , but disputes have persiste .
 3 friends of boston bombing suspect plead not guilty <sec> dias kadyrbayev and azamat tazhayakov enter not guilty pleas in federal court .  they face obstruction charges for allegedly helping dzhokhar tsarnaev .  tsarnaev is accused in the deadly boston marathon bombings .  robel phillipos pleads not guilty to making false statement .
 n.y. governor abandons driver 's licenses for illegal immigrants <sec> new : rivals criticize clinton for changing stance .  sen. hillary clinton says she will not support licenses for illegal immigrants .  n.y. governor describes `` polarized '' public opinion on immigration .  gov . .  eliot spitzer says federal government `` has lost control of its borders .
 bells toll across country for newtown shooting victims <sec> the nation observes a moment of silence , and church bells ring in many states .  president , first lady are `` holding you and your families in our hearts , '' michelle obama writes .  observances mark a week since shooting that killed 20 children , 7 women and gunma .
 murdoch , brooks defend handling of phone-hacking scandal <sec> rupert murdoch tells parliament he 's not responsible for phone-hacking scandal .  he and son james say they regret the hacking , especially of families of crime victims .  former news corp. executive rebekah brooks says she never authorized bribes to police .  the hearing is briefly suspended after a man attacks murdoch with shaving crea .
 see the 'gone girl ' teaser that debuted during emmys <sec> the teaser was shown during the emmys .  it was recycled from old clips .  ben affleck plays a man whose wife goes missin .
 paul mccartney receives gershwin prize , plays hits at white house <sec> new : paul mccartney awarded library of congress gershwin prize for popular song .  new : mccartney , stevie wonder , others perform famous songs in east room .  new : mccartney performs love ballad `` michelle '' and quips he may get punched out by president .  new : obama calls mccartney most successful songwriter in histor .
 after deadly riot , egypt 's football season opens -- with no fans in the stands <sec> new : presidential spokesman promises investigation of police who beat protester .  saturday 's matches are the first since last year 's deadly football riot .  74 people were killed after a port said team beat a cairo team in 2012 .  a judged sentenced 21 port said residents to death for their roles in the rio .
 same-sex marriage : 5 things we learned from oral arguments <sec> supreme court heard first of two arguments this week on same-sex marriage .  court could rule broadly on constitutional issues or let states and lower courts sort it out .  justices seemed cautious about the issue and the specific case before them : the california ban .  justice anthony kennedy could emerge as the swing vote in any narrow decisio .
 survey : hillary clinton top 2016 pick for millionaires <sec> a new poll finds 31 % of millionaires would vote for hillary clinton if the 2016 election were held today .  former republican gov . .  jeb bush is the top republican with 18 % .  with a more populist democratic party , this might not be a badge of honor for hillary clinto .
 shelling kills 4 at ukraine hospital <sec> four deaths at a hospital in kirov district in donetsk , city officials say .  local schools , including a kindergarten , damaged by shellin .
 can you be electrocuted by your smartphone ? <sec> incident in china raises concerns about smartphones and safety .  reports : woman died of electric shock last week after answering call on her iphone .  the death of ma ailun , 23 , was reported sunday by china 's xinhua news agency .  her family said she collapsed after using her phone while recharging the batter .
 price of luxury yacht lifestyle plummets in recession <sec> u.s. mega-yacht charter company waives massive $ 50,000 charter fees .  the impact of the recession is reason given for the discounted deal .  a yacht chartered by hilary swank can now be rented for less than $ 3,000 a da .
 mona lisa : the theft that created a legend <sec> the mona lisa is the most famous painting in the world . .  but why ? .  theft over 100 years ago helped catapult artwork to international stardom .  leonardo da vinci 's masterpiece now attracts millions of visitors to louvr .
 boy not allowed to get life-saving transplant in japan <sec> hiroki ando , 11 , suffers from cardiomyopathy , which inflames and impairs the heart .  he ca n't get heart in japan because people under 15 not allowed to donate organs .  hiroki 's family raised $ 1.7 million in donations to send hiroki to new york for surger .
 who owns michelangelo 's david , italy or florence ? <sec> the city of florence and the italian government are in dispute .  who owns michelangelo 's david ? .  the issue is who gets the 8 million euros tickets generate each yea .
 rory mcilroy 's father wins £100,000 from son 's british open win <sec> gerry mcilroy lands £100,000 from a bet after rory mcilroy wins british open .  gerry placed £200 10 years ago on rory to win the claret jug before he turned 26 .  the world no . .  2 won his third major at hoylake on sunday at the age of 2 .
 travelers unlikely to see security changes despite threat alert <sec> airlines say they have n't changed operations as a result of the alert .  delta air lines : `` business as usual , for now '' .  united airlines : no flight schedule changes .  american airlines : no flights to africa , middle east , `` therefore we have nothing to waive .
 hirscher triumphs in moscow <sec> marcel hirscher wins moscow parallel slalom in season 's second city event .  austrian leads norway 's aksel lund svindal by 214 points in world cup standings .  germany 's lena duerr triumphs in women 's even .
 lawmakers : ukraine tensions prompt cold war fears <sec> key lawmakers raise cold war fears following ukraine disaster .  house homeland security committee chair concerned tension could impact u.s. security .  russia under scrutiny in suspected rebel downing of passenger jet in ukrain .
 bob schieffer must be straight <sec> lz granderson : bob schieffer found `` no real memorable lines '' in obama speech .  granderson says the perspective of a gay person is far different .  obama broke ground with strong support for equal rights , granderson says .  those who have felt pain of discrimination wo n't forget obama 's words , he say .
 bret michaels undergoes heart surgery <sec> the hole in michaels ' heart was found last may .  surgery was delayed while michaels toured .  michaels was treated for a brain hemorrhage last apri .
 u.s. suspends some aid to malawi over violence <sec> the suspension comes after violence erupted during protests .  twelve people were killed and dozens injured .  the u.s. condemned the malawi government 's force against protester .
 world 's 'most expensive divorce ' set to halve oligarch 's fortune <sec> dmitry rybolovlev ordered to pay his former wife $ 4.5 billion in a divorce settlement .  rybolovlev 's total wealth is estimated at $ 8.8 billion , according to forbes .  elena rybolovleva 's lawyer called the settlement a `` record judgment .
 waterproof mobiles make a splash <sec> waterproof phones generate interest at mobile phone expo in barcelona .  some companies use nano-technology , others special seals to keep water out .  low-tech solutions also include keeping phone inside a watertight cas .
 china jails two for selling photos of aircraft carrier to foreign spies <sec> two chinese men have been jailed for selling military intelligence .  material includes hundreds of photos of china 's first aircraft carrier , the liaoning .  they were jailed for six to eight year .
 cooking for an olympic champ : a recipe for success <sec> michelin-starred chef adam simmonds cooks for former british runner katharine merry .  olympic bronze medalist katharine merry discusses the importance of nutrition for olympic athletes .  follow the recipe below to cook a delicious starter of strawberry smoothies and mackerel lunc .
 army : possible altercation 'immediately preceded ' fort hood shooting <sec> an `` escalating argument '' may have led to shooting , officials say .  texas gov . .  rick perry and sen. ted cruz visit some shooting victims .  gunman ivan lopez killed three people , wounded 16 others at the army post .  a memorial for three soldiers killed will be held at fort hood next wednesda .
 twitter joins 'do not track , ' gives users privacy option <sec> ftc official : twitter is participating in the `` do not track '' internet privacy feature .  the move is a step in the right direction , says ftc chairman jon leibowitz .  the role of federal regulations in web privacy has been a focus of concern in washington .  facebook and google depend heavily on third-party apps for their revenu .
 a tale of two terms : obama 's unfinished business and battles ahead <sec> at the start of his second term , barack obama has major issues left undone from his first .  deficits , social security and medicare are carrying over into his second-term agenda . .  education . .  science and technology advances also are issues that may shape next four year .
 chimp attack 911 call : 'he 's ripping her apart ' <sec> chimp squeals on 911 tape as owner cries out , `` he 's killed my friend ! '' .  pet was acting strange throughout the day , woman gave him xanax in tea .  owner had called friend to get chimp inside after he escaped using key .  charla nash , 55 , remains hospitalized with life-threatening injurie .
 expert : michael jackson went 60 days without real sleep <sec> new : expert says jackson could 've died within days even without overdose .  jackson may be the only human ever to go two months without rem sleep , expert says .  lab rats die after five weeks of no rem sleep , expert says .  propofol deprives patient of vital rem sleep , dr. charles czeisler testifie .
