 statins not a wonder drug for alzheimer 's <sec> bottom line : experts at the mayo clinic say this study is not the last word on the subject .
 cnn student news - october 29 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 the right way to wear leggings in school <sec> leggings can be school attire when worn correctly , fashion blogger lucie zhang writes .  schools should focus on student development rather than wardrobe , she says .  have an essay to share with the world ? .  submit at cnn irepor .
 car bomb rips through southern beirut neighborhood <sec> 53 people are injured , lebanon 's health minister reports .  the blast targets a hezbollah stronghold in a southern beirut suburb .  the blast damaged buildings in the bir el abed neighborhoo .
 newly released video shows moment of deadly west , texas , blast <sec> fifteen people perished in the april 17 , 2013 , blast .  the explosion destroyed 120 homes and damaged 200 more .  jeff tobola caught the blast on his cell phone , but only released it this wee .
 how doctors can win back parents on measles vaccine <sec> ford vox : some parents have been forgoing measles vaccines for kids . .  scientists need to better understand why people reject science .  he says experts now compete with internet charlatans and misinformation . .  doctors must now rebuild doctor-patient bon .
 white house diverts marine one , raises questions <sec> new : in a separate incident , norad intercepts an aircraft in the vicinity of camp david .  obama left for camp david on the presidential helicopter but apparently arrived by car .  marine one was reportedly diverted because of bad weather .  cnn 's weather team found no signs of stormy weather in the are .
 texas man brings hope to 'forgotten ' disabled iraqi kids <sec> brad blauser 's wheelchairs for iraqi kids has distributed nearly 650 free wheelchairs .  dallas native blauser lives in baghdad and works for free .  `` disabled children -- they 're really the forgotten ones in this war , '' he said .  vote now for the cnn hero of the year at cnn.com/heroe .
 u.s. pilot rescued after ejecting from f-15 over pacific ocean <sec> the jet from a u.s. base on okinawa develops a problem over the ocean .  the pilot is reported to have ejected safely , the air force says .  a japan self defense force helicopter retrieves him from the wate .
 opinion : is our suffering god 's will ? <sec> 23 years ago , a bus crash forever changed the life of joshua prager .  prager 's broken neck led to paralysis ; only half his body functions normally .  he visited others affected by crash , learned that they accept it as god 's will .  prager : i see the crash as result of a dangerous road and poor truck drive .
 dubai group buys spanish soccer club <sec> royal emirates group completes takeover of spanish club getafe .  madrid-based team 's captain and former owner go to dubai for official signing .  group hopes to build a bridge between europe and the middle east .  malaga and racing santander also bought by overseas investors in the past yea .
 judge : defamation lawsuit against casey anthony can go forward <sec> zenaida gonzalez has sued casey anthony for defamation .  anthony told police a nanny by that name had disappeared with her daughter .  the girl was later found dead ; anthony was acquitted of murder in her daughter 's death .  a judge points to `` disputed '' matters in the defamation suit that a jury should decid .
 beyonce fans swarm after unflattering photos surface <sec> what appear to be unretouched photos of beyonce are posted online .  fans objected to the singer being shown with facial flaw .
 israel 's destruction of attackers ' homes : 'illegal , deplorable , counter-productive ' <sec> two palestinians carried out a deadly attack on a jerusalem synagogue this week .  israel later announced the homes of the attackers -- shot dead -- would be destroyed .  yossi mekelberg says such demolitions are immoral not proven to be effective .  he says the decision is aimed at satisfying an angry public and extreme right-wing lawmaker .
 'svu ' star hargitay hospitalized <sec> mariska hargitay in hospital for tests related to collapsed lung .  actress suffered collapsed lung in january .  hargitay is star of `` law & order : special victims unit .
 cnn student news - march 10 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 with an open heart , giving is receiving <sec> jane seymour says her mother 's spirit of openheartedness is instructive in lean holiday times .  her mother formed her philosophy while helping other pow 's in wwii , she says .  she says that open hearts allow love to flow freely between people .  seymour : people should find a way to give , even if they are in need themselve .
 yaya toure joins manchester city <sec> yaya toure joins his elder brother , kolo , at the manchester club .  the 28-year-old won two league titles and a champions league medal with barcelona .  the ivory coast international midfielder has signed a five-year contrac .
 greek teachers find work in south africa <sec> greek teachers are finding work teaching the greek language in south africa .  teachers pay for relocation to south africa but still receive salary from greek government .  up to 50,000 greeks live in south africa , according to greek consulate in johannesbur .
 youtube star grace helbig gets a tv show <sec> the comedian 's channel has more than 2 million subscribers .  her new e ! .  show will be part comedy , part celebrity interviews .  the show will debut in apri .
 ronaldo on target as real beat milan in champions league <sec> real madrid avenge last season 's defeat by milan to win third successive group g match .  under-strength bayern munich similarly top group e after beating cfr cluj 3-2 .  chelsea on verge of reaching second round after 2-0 win at spartak moscow in group f .  arsenal poised to join them after crushing group h rivals shakhtar donetsk 5- .
 dubai in dock over israeli tennis star 's ban <sec> israeli tennis player back in tel aviv after being denied entry for dubai event .  shahar peer told night before tournament she would not be granted visa by uae .  wta chief larry scott warned dubai tournament could lose place on calendar .  scott : `` this runs counter to everything we were promised and is a setback .
 jindal on obama : i 'm 'not nearly as good of a speaker ' <sec> louisiana gov . .  bobby jindal talks with cnn 's larry king in prime-time exclusive .  jindal says he hopes people judge content of his speech , not just delivery .  `` i think rush [ limbaugh ] is a great leader for conservatives , '' jindal says .  jindal : republicans became captive to washington politics , lost elections as resul .
 'robopocalypse ' : steven spielberg sci-fi saga indefinitely postponed <sec> spielberg had planned to make the film adaptation of the novel robopocalypse .  drew goddard , who penned `` cabin in the woods '' with joss whedon , had drafted a script for the story .  anne hathaway had been set to star .
 report : few states responding to teen dating violence <sec> report focuses on ease with which teens can obtain protective orders .  new hampshire is only state that allows minors to apply for a protection order .  nine states let minors obtain orders without adult approval under certain criteria .  one in five teens who 've been in a `` serious relationship '' report being hit by partne .
 south korean lawmaker lee seok-ki jailed for plotting armed rebellion <sec> south korean lawmaker lee seok-ki has been jailed for 12 years for plotting a rebellion .  lee was found guilty of leading a secret group of 130 members with alleged links to north korea .  lee had denied all charges and his party described the case as a `` medieval witch-hunt '' .  critics said it was being used to divert attention from claims the 2012 had been manipulate .
 cat last seen in colorado 5 years ago found in n.y . <sec> cat taken to animal shelter , microchip found and owners contacted .  willow is in `` good health , '' set to reunite with owners in colorad .
 bayern join leverkusen at the top ; juventus falter again <sec> bayern munich beat wolfsburg 3-1 to move level on points with german leaders bayer leverkusen .  leverkusen draw 1-1 at bochum to end four-game winning run , but remain unbeaten .  third-placed schalke stay three points off the leaders after 0-0 draw at freiburg .  juventus drop to sixth in italy with 1-1 draw at livorno as palermo beat parma 2- .
 reagan replacing washington in japan <sec> u.s. navy : the reagan will replace the washington at yokosuka naval base .  the uss ronald reagan will leave its current home port in san diego .  the uss george washington will go to virginia for overhaul and refuelin .
 fort hood witness says he feared there were more gunmen <sec> a witness says he saw the red laser from the gunsight flickering in his eyes .  another says it `` sounded like thousands of shots being fired '' in the final standoff .  a cid investigator says hasan still had `` 30- and 20-round magazines '' at the en .
 jessica simpson 's baby girl arrives <sec> maxwell drew johnson weighed in at 9 pounds , 13 ounces and is 21.75 inches long .  simpson is engaged to be married to the father , former nfl player eric johnson .  there is no word on when simpson and johnson will get marrie .
 wash. school shooter texted lunch invites to victims <sec> jaylen fryberg sent a selfie with a gun to an ex-girlfriend , law enforcement source says .  the shooter used text messages to get victims to sit at same lunch table , sheriff says .  zoe galasso died at the scene ; gia soriano died sunday .  three students remain hospitalized ; one is up and walkin .
 'lady game creators ' meet up on twitter <sec> a question on twitter helped spark two hashtags about women in the gaming industry .  one focuses on social issues , the other aims to connect like-minded women .  what advice do you have for those seeking a mentor , or looking to become one ? .  share your thoughts in the comments below or on cnn irepor .
 can america handle the truth ? ( opinion ) <sec> eric liu : some colorado school board members and obama critics get patriotism wrong .  there 's nothing unpatriotic about pointing out the ways america falls short , he says .  liu : to impart patriotism to our children , we should act like adult .
 arthur chu talks being the walter white of 'jeopardy ! ' <sec> chu ended his 11-game winning streak on jeopardy ! .  wednesday night .  he had been cast as a bit of a villain on the show .  says he wishes he had gone on to be ken jenning .
 man trapped in cave dies during rescue attempt <sec> john edward jones was stuck in cave crevice outside salt lake city .  he was trapped in a space that was 18 inches wide , 10 inches deep .  one of the rescue tools failed while trying to free him and jones fell bac .
 opinion : why did pope francis pray at the wall ? <sec> jay parini : on bethlehem trip , pope makes significant gesture by praying at separation wall .  he says bethlehem hugely powerful for christians , a place of pilgrimage for palestinians .  bethlehem a long disputed site among palestinians , israel . .  pope 's move symbolic , he says .  parini : in stopping to pray there , pope francis implicitly cries : tear down this wall .
 cnn heroes : reef restoration provides passion for diver <sec> most coral reefs are in danger , according to estimates from the nature conservancy .  the group says 500 million people rely on coral reefs for food .  reef balls are concrete spheres upon which a natural reef can grow .  the objects also help control beach erosion and stabilize shoreline .
 ghana president re-elected , a result opposition claims was 'manipulated ' <sec> new : opposition party says it has `` credible evidence '' of problems .  ghana voted for a president and parliament on friday and saturday .  regional observers called the vote `` generally peaceful and transparent '' .  despite protests , ghana 's re-elected president calls for unity and celebratio .
 bo xilai 's 'party boy ' son under scrutiny <sec> bo xilai 's son bo guagua in the spotlight over lavish student lifestyle .  questions have been raised over where china 's top cadres find their money .  bo xilai once championed revival of 'red culture ' and pushed efforts to bring back maoist slogans .  sources say images of bo guagua partying have not played well in chin .
 chandra levy 's mom says police have enough evidence to convict <sec> new : chandra levy 's death is a `` life sentence '' for family , susan levy says .  source tells cnn that inmate ingmar guandique `` was running his mouth '' in prison .  guandique is serving time for attacks in park where chandra levy 's remains found .  chandra levy went missing may 1 , 2001 ; her remains were found may 22 , 200 .
 giuliana and bill rancic reveal miscarriage <sec> couple 's son was being carried via surrogate .  the surrogate recently miscarried .  rancic says they will keep tryin .
 edwards trial a ridiculous waste of taxpayer money <sec> jeff smith : john edwards trial was a ridiculous waste of taxpayer money on a non-crime .  smith : prosecution of edwards was really about george holding , who will be in congress .  he says holding indicted edwards for political gains and attention .  smith : the person in this sordid mess who ought to be prosecuted is andrew youn .
 mexico changes tack on vigilante groups <sec> mexico says vigilante groups will have a path to become institutionalized .  it is a change from an original order for the groups to lay down their arms .  certain criteria must be met for fighters to join the government .  one high-ranking cartel leader was arrested monda .
 experimental ebola drug on its way to liberia <sec> the ebola outbreak in west africa has killed more than 1,000 people , who says .  the experimental drug zmapp is on its way to liberia .  there is no proven or licensed cure for the virus , which can kill up to 90 % of those infected .  a who panel is discussing the ethics of using experimental drugs to combat the viru .
 vatican : pope appoints archbishop pietro parolin as secretary of state <sec> new : parolin is a veteran vatican diplomat seen as key to pope 's reform efforts , analyst says .  archbishop pietro parolin is appointed secretary of state for the holy see .  the secretary of state assumes the role of the vatican 's head of government .  pope francis has taken a number of steps to reform the vatican administratio .
 gunmen kill nine in northern mexico <sec> in first attack , three men opened fire at a bar ; four people killed .  second attack also took place at a bar ; five people killed .  there have been more than 34,600 drug-related deaths in mexico since 200 .
 the key to your next promotion ? paper and crayons . <sec> goal setting can help you achieve your dreams effectively , says brian mayne .  mayne is author of `` goal mapping , '' a system to help people visualize goals .  visualization is an approach championed by successful athletes across the world .  all you need to get started with goal mapping is some paper and crayons .
 rand paul : 'i am not opposed to birth control ' <sec> rand paul says he 's not opposed to plan b , an emergency contraception pill .  paul has previously introduced a bill that defines life at conception .  some social conservatives consider plan b an abortion dru .
 what 's next for the rich kids of instagram ? <sec> rich kids of instagram is a blog that reposts instagram photos of wealthy people living large .  some kids are unhappy with the attention , others are pondering reality tv .  the people behind the blog plan to keep posting `` as long as there is opulence to post .
 opinion : edward snowden is a hero <sec> daniel ellsberg became a hero for his role in disclosing the pentagon papers .  douglas rushkoff : will snowden be recognized for his heroism in disclosing mass surveillance ? .  he credits snowden with revealing how technology is eroding human freedom .  rushkoff : snowden disengaged to consider the impact of what he was helping buil .
 site : new bin laden message coming soon <sec> banner ad on islamist web sites says al qaeda leader will release message soon .  it is not known exactly when the message will come .  bin laden 's last communication was an audiotape released march 2 .
 super model 's supermaxi makes fast start in sydney <sec> 70th staging of sydney-hobart yacht race .  117-strong fleet starts from sydney harbor on boxing day .  supermaxi comanche expected to battle it out with seven-time winner wild oats xi .  comanche owned by billionaire jim clark and his australian model wife kristy hinz .
 'nail in coffin ' for arab spring ? experts predict egypt 's future <sec> egypt 's future will have a profound global impact , analysts say .  the muslim brotherhood wo n't fade out of existence , cnn experts say .  if the economy falls further , riots could follow .  compromise and a constitution offer opportunities for stabilit .
 euro 2012 to euro crisis : 'beautiful game ' mimics eurozone <sec> lister : worrying signs that some teams are mimicking national roles in the evolving euro crisis .  european bail-out countries looking uncertain and have work to do to stay in the eurozone euro 2012 .  dutch bank abn amro has compared countries ' footballing pedigree with their credit-rating .  as euro crisis is largely one of confidence , abn says it would be better if a eurozone nation won euro 201 .
 typhoon-fueled monsoons pound philippines <sec> new : flash floods and landslides are possible , forecasters say .  typhoon kabayan strengthens monsoon over the island of luzon .  storm has winds over 102 mph .  government officials cancel government work , college classe .
 djokovic aims to end nadal 's monte carlo reign <sec> rafael nadal will play novak djokovic in sunday 's final of the monte carlo masters .  eight-time winner nadal beats world no . .  8 jo-wilfried tsonga in first semifinal .  top-ranked djokovic sets up rematch of last year 's final , beating fabio fognini .  fed cup champions czech republic losing 2-0 against italy in semifina .
 ashley tisdale weds musician christopher french <sec> ashley tisdale weds musician christopher french this week .  `` high school musical '' co-star vanessa hudgens was part of the bridal party .  another former co-star , zac efron , sent his warm regard .
 kids , giant rabbit share eggs-tra special white house day <sec> white house easter egg roll dates back to 1878 .  families invited to visit white house garden and play football , basketball and tennis .  obama read dr. seuss book `` green eggs and ham '' to kid .
 juarez police chief escapes attack <sec> lt. col. julian leyzaola happened upon extortion in progress , mayor says .  leyzaola was on patrol as part of his new role in ciudad juarez .  juarez is hot spot of mexican drug violenc .
 state news : mauritania 's president mistakenly shot by his nation 's troops <sec> new : president says he is fine , that shooting was an `` accident '' .  witnesses think the incident was an assassination attempt , local media say .  troops mistakenly open fire on mauritania 's presidential convoy , state news reports .  mauritania has a history of political instability , and faces threats from al qaeda militant .
 opinion : do babies know right from wrong ? <sec> paul bloom : are people naturally good or evil ? .  studies with babies yield clues .  he says babies as young as 3 months exhibit a sense of right and wrong .  but babies also divide world into us and them , showing strong preference for their own group .  bloom : humans are naturally moral beings but environment can influence how we develo .
 lebanon releases man who helped syrian refugees <sec> the arrest of islamist activist chadi mawlawi ignited lebanese conflicts about syria violence .  mawlawi was helping syrian refugees in lebanon .  lebanon accused him of being an operative in an al qaeda-inspired group .  violence killed four people monday in lebano .
 couple recounts being under protection during dorner killing spree <sec> some 50 families had to be protected during the manhunt for christopher dorner .  one couple talks about being named in dorner 's manifesto and how they coped .  the police chief will conduct a review of dorner 's claim .
