 axelrod calls obama 's midterm ballot line 'a mistake ' <sec> axelrod says `` it was a mistake '' for obama to say his policies would be on midterm ballots .  republicans were quick to use the sound bite in ads in key battleground states .  rnc chairman reince priebus says it 's going to be `` a pretty bad year for democrats .
 a typo on my airline ticket <sec> passenger purchased airline tickets from expedia by phone .  when he received the tickets , his wife 's name was misspelled .  troubleshooter urged him to purchase online and to verify information .  expedia issued a corrected ticket when contacted by the troubleshoote .
 opinion : how obama can clinch immigration deal <sec> tamar jacoby : obama can help immigration debate by picking tough dhs secretary .  she says he should pick a well-regarded republican to win trust of gop on reform .  she says congress , returning from break , will respond to gesture when debate resumes .  jacoby : giuliani , rice , ashcroft ? .  one could spur reform . .  can obama give up control and do it .
 price of luxury mega-yacht lifestyle plummets in recession <sec> u.s. mega-yacht charter company waives massive $ 50,000 charter fees .  the impact of the recession is reason given for the discounted deal .  a yacht chartered by hilary swank can now be rented for under $ 3000 a da .
 peterhansel and despres eye dakar glory <sec> stephane peterhansel on brink of a 10th dakar rally victory .  frenchman has won motorcycle event six times and will win fourth car crown barring a catastrophe .  compatriot cyril despres takes an 11-minute lead into final day of motorcycle even .
 tiger 's niece falls short on lpga debut <sec> cheyenne woods four strokes shy of qualifying for final rounds of wegmans event .  the 18-year-old completed a weather-delayed second round of 74 on saturday .  the college amateur opened her debut lpga tour tournament with a 75 .  playing on sponsor 's invite , she is daughter of tiger woods ' half-brothe .
 u.n. chief warns against repeat of rwanda in central african republic <sec> un secretary-general ban ki-moon tells central african republic not to repeat rwandan genocide .  christian and muslim militias have been battling for control in the nation .  chad pulls 850 troops from african-led peacekeeping force after allegation of attack by its soldiers .  preparations for a u.n. peacekeeping force are under way , but it would need security council approva .
 man arrested in central park rape case <sec> new : the man arrested is identified as david albert mitchell .  new : the heavily tattooed 42-year-old man has an extensive arrest record , police say .  woman , 73 , was taken to an area hospital after passerby found her lying in the bushe .
 nbc 's leno back to late nights <sec> new : mediaweek analyst predicts at least one among leno , o'brien and fallon will leave .  new : leno to host half-hour show starting at 11:35 p.m . .  et ; o'brien moving to 12:05 a.m . .  leno 's 10 p.m. show to go off the air next month when winter olympics start .  tv host moved to 10 p.m. slot in september ; ratings have been lo .
 dc kitchen puts ex-convicts on path to white house easter egg roll <sec> graduates of dc central kitchen job training program prep eggs for white house easter egg roll .  `` it makes me feel good that i can be a part of something of this magnitude , '' chef says .  kitchen provides training in foodservice industry to released convicts and the homeless .  `` this is a life-changing program . .  it 's not just a culinary job training program , '' spokesman say .
 veteran spanish war correspondent marc marginedas kidnapped in syria <sec> marc marginedas has n't been in touch with his newspaper since sept. 4 .  the paper says it appears he was kidnapped by militants in western syria .  no group has claimed responsibility for his kidnapping , the newspaper says .  amnesty international has said syria is the most dangerous place for journalist .
 police get break , identify sex offender , in 1975 missing girls ' case <sec> new : police ask public for information about convicted sex offender lloyd lee welch jr . .  sheila lyon was 12 , her sister katherine 10 , when they vanished .  their brother , jay lyon , saw them eating pizza that day .  a few years later , he joined the police forc .
 opinion : zuckerberg never has to pay taxes again <sec> mark zuckerberg will pay between $ 1 billion and $ 2 billion in taxes for 2012 .  edward mccaffery : but he never has to pay taxes again for the rest of his life .  he says zuckerberg can hold on to assets as they appreciate without paying tax on them .  mccaffery : like other tech titans , he can build wealth by using stock and stock option .
 police officer involved in two shootings in four days <sec> miami beach police officer adam tavss is involved in two police shootings .  second shooting happened on his first day back on street .  questions are being raised as to whether he was cleared for duty too soon .  miami beach police chief decides when an officer is ready to retur .
 single-minded lawman pursues polygamists <sec> investigator endures hostility to build child-rape cases .  gary engels ' sole focus is warren jeffs ' flds church .  colorado city , arizona , police beholden to jeffs , he says .  engels says he wants to give sect 's young women more option .
 in first new year speech , north korea 's kim jong un calls for economic revamp <sec> kim jong un wants a `` radical '' change in north korea 's economic development .  his new year 's address is the first by a north korean leader since 1994 .  he says `` confrontation '' needs to be removed from relationship with south kore .
 aircraft canopies the future of motorsport safety ? <sec> max mosley has backed the use of canopies in motorsport .  former fia president mosley says canopy could prevent deaths and injury .  world governing body fia has been testing their effectiveness .  mosley reacting after death of indycar star dan wheldon sunda .
 wwii vet , grandson of slave : 'i 'm speechless ' <sec> alfred bouey , 84 , attended the inauguration of the nation 's first black president .  bouey , who grew up in arkansas , saw his mother being mistreated by whites .  `` it 's good to see the white americans appreciate and show love to the new president '' .  bouey says , `` i am ... full of joy .
 obama : police who arrested professor 'acted stupidly ' <sec> new : obama : incident shows `` how race remains a factor in this society '' .  new : mayor says : `` this ca n't happen again in cambridge . '' .  harvard 's henry louis gates jr. says he intends to keep the issue alive .  arresting officer : `` it is for certain that [ i ] will not be apologizing .
 why one in five u.s. adults does n't use the internet <sec> almost 48 % say they do n't go online because they do n't think the internet is relevant to them .  nearly 60 % of u.s. adults who never completed high school do n't use the internet .  having broadband internet access is the best way to get the most use out of the web .  a common reason why people shy away is they think it 's a waste of tim .
 for south koreans , fear of war looms large <sec> the younger generation has not seen pyongyang as a significant threat .  the shelling on yeonpyeong island changes that .  island residents worry that the conflict could swiftly spiral out of control .  `` it 's very serious for us to think about these kinds of events , '' one student say .
 african leaders meet with gbagbo to deal with ivory coast crisis <sec> new : incumbent government threatens to expel some ambassadors .  the leaders of sierra leone , cape verde and benin are meeting with the candidates .  incumbent laurent gbagbo and challenger alassane ouattara both claim victory .  west african leaders warn gbagbo to step down or face military forc .
 girl gorillas go ape for french pinup hunk <sec> london zoo has been without a male gorilla since december .  french gorilla yeboah is being sent from la boissiere du dore zoo , nw france .  female gorillas at london have been shown posters of their new gues .
 good tires cost loads of money or lots of time <sec> tire rack helps you shop online for tires and get referrals for installation .  know the factory size of your tires and do research on warranties .  do n't buy used tires .  writer : wal-mart provided great tire prices and lousy customer servic .
 bionic leg helps shark-attack victim walk <sec> bionic leg is the result of a nine-year research effort led by michael goldfarb at vanderbilt .  the world 's first fully robotic leg allows amputees to run and navigate inclines naturally .  the technology was bought by freedom innovations and is slated to be released in 2014 .  one of its first users is a young man who lost his leg in a shark attack in florid .
 embattled country star mindy mccready dead at 37 <sec> mindy mccready is found dead at her home in arkansas .  the gunshot wound appears to be self-inflicted , sheriff 's office says .  she had long struggled with addiction and mental illness .  mccready burst onto the scene in 1996 with her album `` 10,000 angels .
 animal rights group pays settlement in circus elephant case <sec> aspca pays $ 9.3 million to feld entertainment , inc . .  feld says it has paid more than $ 20 million on legal fees .  a former circus employee 's testimony was deemed tainte .
 'ladies in white ' marchers detained in havana , group member says <sec> the ladies in white are relatives of cuban dissidents .  they silently march on sundays to protest against the cuban government .  a group member said several were detained by authorities on sunda .
 introducing the f14 t : will this car speed ferrari to f1 success in 2014 ? <sec> legendary italian f1 team reveal the look of their new car for the 2014 season .  f14 t name chosen by fans in a poll on ferrari website .  mclaren f1 team unveiled the car they hope will improve their fortunes on frida .
 romney on faith , family and private life <sec> mitt romney 's missionary service in france as a teenager changed his life .  he was thought to be dead after a tragic car accident that killed a passenger .  as a church leader in massachusetts , his role `` was like the pastor '' .  wife ann romney 's diagnosis in 1998 of multiple sclerosis also strengthened their bon .
 juventus , psg march towards titles <sec> sunday 's win over ac milan keeps juventus 11 points clear in italy .  midfielder arturo vidal nets penalty against third-placed milan .  paris saint-germain nine points ahead in france after sunday victory .  radamel falcao scores only goal for atletico madrid in spanish wi .
 hawaii looks to sports for economic boost <sec> nfl 's pro bowl will return to hawaii in 2011 .  mayor hopes chicago gets the olympics -- and that attendees stop off in hawaii .  hawaii 's economy is heavily dependent on tourism .  one writer questions the cost of hosting the pro bow .
 foods to power up your spring <sec> wise food choices can help us feel and look better .  foods like spinach , walnuts and blueberries can pack a health punch .  salmon and strawberries can help energize your ski .
 italy poised to gain new government <sec> enrico letta is to be sworn in as prime minister sunday .  parliament is expected to confirm his government on monday .  the announcement is expected to end the uncertainty that has gripped italy for month .
 obama speech will delay latin grammys <sec> univision will delay its broadcast of the latin grammys to air president obama 's immigration speech .  broadcast networks will not carry president obama 's immigration speech thursday night .  it will of course be broadcast on cn .
 somali lawmakers approve new prime minister <sec> abdi farah shirdon receives 215 out of 275 votes from parliament .  his appointment follows that of a new president last month .  somalia is setting up an effective central government following decades of civil war .  shirdon says his government will do more to ensure security and to combat terroris .
 yankees ' alex rodriguez sues major league baseball <sec> rodriguez says mlb and commissioner selig `` engaged in tortious and egregious conduct '' .  he says they have ignored `` baseball 's collectively bargained labor agreements '' .  mlb , in response , says the suit is an attempt `` to circumvent the collective bargaining agreement '' .  rodriguez was handed a suspension much longer than 13 others in the biogenesis prob .
 commentary : dean 's 50-state strategy is a plus for obama <sec> roland martin : dnc chair howard dean stuck to his 50-state strategy .  if obama wins , other top dems should apologize to dean , he says .  martin says the party needed to rebuild its local infrastructure .  dean 's strategy is creating a year-round base for democratic efforts , he say .
 court : some data on government cell phone tracking should be public <sec> justice department will have to release some records , ruling says .  aclu had asked about government 's practices .  whether warrantless wiretapping is legal was not covered .  bush white house had stepped up surveillance after 9/1 .
 police : suspect surrenders in detroit bus-stop shootings <sec> jamall turner is one of two suspects in the shootings .  seven people were injured ; three remain hospitalized .  shootings came as summer school classes let ou .
 suspected serial stabber indicted in ohio attack <sec> a grand jury indicted elias abuelazam on charges of attempted murder and assault .  he is suspected of stabbing 18 people , five fatally , in three states .  the friday indictment pertains to an august 7 attack in toled .
 obama , clinton camps point to borrowed rhetoric <sec> phrase in obama speech similar to that of massachusetts gov . .  deval patrick .  clinton : `` if your whole candidacy is about words , then they should be your own '' .  obama downplays significance , says : `` clinton has used words of mine as well .
 19 arrested as protesters claim school plan would resegregate system <sec> police arrested 19 , including the state naacp chairman , at school board meeting .  the board chairman says the return to neighborhood schools is needed .  opponents of the move say it would create re-segregation of school .
 analysis : 1 in 5 terror cases started with tips from muslims <sec> rep. peter king wants to investigate the `` radicalization '' of muslim-american communities .  public policy institute , school look at post-9/11 homegrown u.s. terrorism threats and crimes .  king 's panel should consider focusing on domestic problem of hate crimes as well , authors say .  they say data shows that muslim-american communities may be king 's best all .
 democrats seize on equal pay as a midterm issue <sec> the equal pay fight has consumed the texas gubernatorial race for almost a month .  texas race points to key issue for democratic candidates .  equal pay issue used to galvanize base for expected low democratic turnout .  republicans tend to dismiss it as a non-issu .
 injuries mount as inmates riot at oklahoma prison <sec> new : local police chief : `` we are still at a standstill '' .  a morgue has been set up in a tent outside the prison , says a witness .  a riot is reported at north fork correctional facility in western oklahom .
 2015 : the year ahead in aviation <sec> the coming year wo n't yield as many big aviation stories as years past .  the airbus 320neo and bombardier cseries are expected to enter service in 2015 .  declining oil prices should help airlines reap increased profits .  major air shows will be lackluster compared with years pas .
 travolta 's wife to address grief over son 's death <sec> kelly preston , john travolta 's wife , to address conference on grief .  preston and travolta 's 16-year-old son jett died in january .  other speakers include elizabeth edwards , susan st. jame .
 the moscow-damascus alliance : a tangled tale <sec> russia has maintained close ties with syria since the 1950s .  syria one of few states that did not condemn ussr for occupying afghanistan .  russia revitalized their naval facilities in syrian port of tartus in recent years .  russia fears losing influence in its biggest middle east ally if the al-assad regime fall .
 eight simple words : 'mr . speaker , the president of the united states ' <sec> for 17 years , bill livingood introduced the president at the state of the union address .  as house sergeant at arms , livingood introduced every president from clinton to obama .  paul irving replaced livingood when he retired last yea .
 army tapes reveal motive in iraq prisoner killings <sec> cnn obtained an extraordinary 23½ hours of army interrogation videotapes .  tapes detail march 2007 executions of four iraqi prisoners by three sergeants .  tapes show one of the sergeants confessing to the crime .  watch saturday , sunday at 8 and 11 p.m . .  et ; read blog posts : abbie boudreau ; scott zamos .
 why at & t bought t-mobile <sec> at & t thinks it has found the solution to its network woes .  at & t acquired t-mobile usa for a whopping $ 39 billion from deutsche telekom .  at & t and t-mobile usa combined have over 25 % more subscribers now than verizo .
 u.s. , allies warn north korea against 'provocative ' moves <sec> u.s. , south korea and japan warn of `` significant consequences '' after a bomb test .  u.s. officials say a new north korean nuclear test could come at any time .  south korea 's president tells his government to be prepare .
 ramblings on gaming website tied to arizona shooting suspect <sec> new : website used by loughner says it is `` absolutely horrified '' by violence .  loughner discussed aggression , referred to `` mental breakdown '' on earth empires site .  posting under the name dare , he mentions being fired from several workplaces .  the poster discusses topics like grammar , weightlifting , education and the handicappe .
 family rebuilds home after hurricane sandy , only to have it torn down <sec> ryan panetta , now 14 , helped save his family when superstorm sandy hit last year .  he also helped his family rebuild the family home .  the house was condemned and torn down .  now the family is struggling to build a new home that meets strict code .
 man indicted on homicide charge after dui video confession <sec> new : an ohio grand jury has indicted matthew cordle .  in an online video , he confessed that his drunken driving killed a man in june .  prosecutor : there will be no leniency based on the video .  defense : cordle wanted to raise drunken driving awareness , give closure to victim 's famil .
 cnn student news transcript : september 30 , 2010 <sec> find out how officials claim to have thwarted a terror plot .  consider a debate over a ban on toys in some fast food meals .  learn about the benefits of baseball in parts of south africa .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 'gangnam style ' breaks youtube <sec> `` gangnam style '' has maxed out youtube 's original video-view counter .  the clip , by south korean pop star psy , has surpassed 2,147,483,647 views .  youtube has been forced to upgrade its software in respons .
 beyonce , jay-z and david beckham -- at a football game ? <sec> beyonce and jay-z in attendance to watch psg .  french champion overcomes barcelona 3-2 .  manchester city held 1-1 by roma .  bayern munich defeats cska in mosco .
 lady gaga launches social site , 'little monsters ' <sec> lady gaga is launching her own social networking site .  little monsters is geared toward sharing and rating photos and other content .  gaga has twitter 's most followers , was first to hit 1 billion youtube view .
 plane search hampered by ocean garbage problem <sec> ocean debris diverts searchers for the missing malaysia airlines jetliner .  for years , environmentalists have warned about increasing garbage in the ocean .  most ocean debris , such as countless plastic bags , comes from land .  scientist : plane search seeks `` one piece of debris among billions .
 commentary : selecting a supreme court justice is an art <sec> emma coleman jordan is professor of law at georgetown university .  coleman jordan worked on nomination process of justice sandra day o'connor .  sonia sotomayor faces tough senate hearings , coleman jordan writes .  `` we can only count on her diligent preparation to face partisan interest , '' she say .
 pizza hut manager says he 's no hero for closing on thanksgiving <sec> `` i 'm just some guy who told his boss 'no ' and got burned , '' says tony rohr .  he says he refused to open on thanksgiving day , and was told to write a letter of resignation .  the local franchise says he was not fired -- he quit .  pizza hut 's corporate office says the franchisee `` made a serious error in judgment .
 rare glimpse into u.s. special operations forces in afghanistan <sec> man who died in firefight was on 10th tour of duty .  al qaeda-linked group has expanded its network of fighters .  special ops forces tend to do more tours than other divisions .  u.s. remains tight-lipped about special op .
