 officials : serious lapses in security on jfk airport shuttle <sec> the unmanned , unpoliced airtrain system is raising concerns .  the lack of security was discussed at a new york homeland security hearing .  `` it 's a bad situation , '' port authority union officer say .
 f1 star perez gives mexicans hope <sec> formula one driver sergio perez looking forward to his `` home '' race in texas on sunday .  the mexican is expected to have thousands of fans crossing the border to support him .  he has been one of f1 's surprise success stories in only his second season on the grid .  perez has earned a big-money move to mclaren after three podium placings in 201 .
 body found in utah desert is male , not missing mother <sec> the fate of susan powell , who disappeared in 2009 , is still unknown .  the remains discovered over the weekend belong to a young man , police say .  the grim discovery fuels the mystery of the missing woma .
 10 hotels featured in james bond movies <sec> just released james bond novel 'solo ' features london 's dorchester hotel .  hong kong 's the peninsula -- and its rolls-royce cars -- appeared in `` the man with the golden gun '' .  in `` casino royale , '' bond girl solange is seen arriving at one & only ocean club , bahama .
 dancing in the aisles : meet new york 's urban acrobats <sec> teens perform gravity-defying dance moves on new york 's subway .  talented buskers earn hundreds of dollars from high-energy shows .  make name for themselves off trains , appearing in music clips , docos .  mixed reactions from public , from heartfelt applause to fears over dange .
 wisconsin spa shooting : wife told court 'i do n't want to die ' <sec> the shooter and his estranged wife were in court three days before the killing spree .  radcliffe haughton shot seven women before killing himself , police say .  his wife outlined several instances of abuse spurred by haughton 's jealous .
 teacher could face death for killing lover 's pregnant fiancee <sec> mississippi jury convicts carla hughes of two counts of capital murder on tuesday .  avis banks was five months pregnant when she was shot and stabbed in 2006 .  prosecutors said hughes killed so she could be with banks ' fiance , keyon pittman .  hughes and pittman were teachers at chastain middle school in jackso .
 intriguing people for january 4 , 2010 <sec> top u.s. snowboarder injured during training .  world 's tallest tower opens in dubai .  fourth-largest u.s. city swears in its first openly gay mayo .
 blade runner 's 2012 olympic ambition <sec> oscar pistorius is preparing for both london olympics and paralympics .  the `` blade runner '' competes at the top level against able-bodied athletes .  south african has four paralympic golds and several world records .  the 25-year-old runs on specially-adapted carbon-fiber artificial limb .
 solar eclipse scares indian mothers-to-be <sec> solar eclipse marked with tradition and often suspicion in hindu-majority india .  most pregnant women in india hope to avoid giving birth during eclipse .  some critically ill patients do not want to be in hospital on day of eclipse .  astrologer : eclipse weakens sun god because of encounter with dragon rah .
 ukraine crisis : pro-russians clash with riot police in donetsk <sec> new : donetsk health authority says 26 people sought medical help , 4 with gunshot wounds .  imf chief says $ 17.1 billion bailout for ukraine is not without risk but is necessary .  christine lagarde : russia has seen `` consequences '' for its actions in ukraine .  ukraine says it is expelling a russian naval diplomat after alleged spying activitie .
 venezuela opposition leader charged with public incitement <sec> opposition leader leopoldo lopez is charged with public incitement and conspiracy .  lopez has been held in military jail for over a month .  39 people have died and over 600 have been injured in anti-government protests .  if found guilty , lopez could face nearly 14 years in prison .
 japan 's defense plans raise hackles in china <sec> japan will spend about $ 49 billion on defense in the fiscal year to march 2015 .  compares with the $ 200 billion china will likely spend on defense .  under prime minister shinzo abe , japan is becoming more assertive about its defense posture .  china 's defense ministry says defense paper is an excuse for japan 's military expansio .
 how social media can affect your job search <sec> photos and social media posts with risque themes can stymie a job search .  cleaning up your facebook and twitter feeds could attract potential employers .  maintain a professional online presence , especially if you want to work on the web .  do n't announce a new job on social media until your new boss says it 's o .
 vote for your favorite monopoly token -- or else ! <sec> hasbro using social media for selection of new monopoly token .  people can vote once a day to keep an old token and pick a new one .  one of the current eight iconic pieces will go into retirement .  cat , robot , diamond ring among contenders for new spo .
 britain warns of terror threats in kenya <sec> new : britain acknowledges kenyan authorities want to talk to its citizens , an official says .  `` we believe that terrorists may be in the final stages of planning attacks , '' britain says .  it says the attacks may target places where expatriates gather .  kenyan police , by contrast , say , `` we do n't believe an attack is imminent .
 toyota to settle justice department probe over unintended acceleration <sec> japanese automaker and prosecutors in billion-dollar agreement .  toyota recalled millions of cars and trucks from 2009-10 over unintended acceleration .  toyota is expected to avoid criminal charges , according to people familiar with the agreement .  the justice department is now looking into general motors ' handling of ignition switch proble .
 iceland applies to join european union <sec> iceland applies for eu membership after lawmakers back government plan .  island 's economy was devastated by collapse of banking system last year .  iceland already enjoys free trade deal with eu member states .  european commission president hails iceland 's `` long , deep democratic roots .
 bill gates praises u.s. response to ebola epidemic <sec> bill gates : i was thrilled when president obama invested resources in containing ebola .  `` ebola is n't going to get to the level of something like malaria or an hiv , '' he predicts .  gates says u.s. has the ability to handle the logistics of a large emergency operation .  digital revolution has transformed nonprofit work , he tells d.c. gatherin .
 new tom hanks movie 'captain phillips ' surrounded by controversy <sec> `` captain phillips , '' starring tom hanks , opens friday .  it is based on the 2009 attempted hijacking of the maersk alabama .  the crew members have criticized phillips for ignoring warnings .  the crew 's lawsuit against maersk is scheduled for trial in decembe .
 interview : janine benyus <sec> janine benyus is pioneer and champion of the biomimicry movement .  benyus believes we can use nature 's best ideas to solve human problems .  benyus consults with companies as a `` biologist-at-the-design table .
 hip-hop and jazz : sharing a similar destiny ? <sec> atlanta-based group jaspects fuses rap , jazz to attract younger audiences .  hip-hop , like jazz , is at risk of not evolving due to lack of ownership , some say .  producer jermaine dupri says there are n't enough black execs in music busines .
 oklahoma tornadoes leave five dead <sec> new : at least five killed in oklahoma .  american red cross opens up at least two shelters .  truck stop on interstate 40 east of oklahoma city destroyed by twister .  storms damaged homes , overturned cars , downed trees in norman , oklahom .
 opinion : is disney ready for gay princess ? <sec> sally kohn : what kind of families are portrayed in disney movies are political choices .  kohn : `` frozen '' may be the most forward-looking disney film , but it still has a long way to go .  she asks , why ca n't children 's films actively reflect the diversity of families in america .  kohn : it 's time that we have a disney movie in which a princess marries a princes .
 grand spectacle closes beijing 's olympics <sec> extravagant climax closes beijing 's 2008 summer olympics .  fireworks light up across china 's capital .  crowd of more than 90,000 attends closing ceremony .  olympic torch passed to london , host of 2012 summer game .
 cnn student news - may 16 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum 's newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 after 42 years , libya 's controversial ruler faces new threats <sec> moammar gadhafi led a military coup in 1969 that began in benghazi .  he now faces his first real popular unrest in 42 years centered in benghazi .  gadhafi has been controversial internationally and has become more a statesman lately .  his government has restricted communication and freedom , experts and critics sa .
 aek ban katidis for fascist salute <sec> aek athens bans giorgos katidis until end of season for controversial goal celebration .  midfielder , 20 , has already been handed life ban from national team by greek federation .  aek to decide player 's future after super league ends in apri .
 report lifts veil on trafficking , prostitution of palestinian women <sec> trafficking , forced prostitution in jerusalem , west bank , gaza called small scale but frequent .  women , girls involved have few means of escape , history of victimization , report says .  report is n't a comprehensive study , but rather an initial step to identifying problem , group says .  report finds few shelters , social networks for victims , who face ostracism , criminalizatio .
 woman blinded by acid wants same fate for attacker <sec> woman blinded , disfigured by acid wins case to have attacker also blinded by acid .  ameneh bahrami wants `` eye for an eye '' punishment to be deterrent to others .  court-ordered blinding of majid movahedi may happen within weeks , lawyer say .
 mississippi man charged in ricin case <sec> new : james everett dutschke faces unrelated child molestation charges .  dutschke has been charged with possessing and using ricin as a weapon .  on tuesday , authorities dropped charges against another mississippi man .  the fbi said letters sent to obama and two others tested positive for the toxin rici .
 wall street to amen corner : the rollercoaster life of 'mr masters ' <sec> clifford roberts was born in morning sun , iowa , and suffered the suicides of both his parents .  having served in the first world war , he became a successful banker on wall street .  roberts and amateur golfer bobby jones conceived augusta national country club .  the pair founded what would become the masters in 1934 , one of golf four major .
 driverless cars : from hollywood to real world <sec> carlos ghosn says renault-nissan is targeting an autonomous vehicle within the next decade .  driverless cars have appeared in a number of sci-fi movies including hollywood hits i , robot and minority report .  ghosn said some of the technology needed for a driverless car is in the nissan 's new qashqai mode .
 opinion : egypt 's fever of violence : where is accountability ? <sec> priyanka motaparthy saw ebullient egyptians , in solidarity with police , in streets june 30 .  she says police have not reformed brutal ways of pre-2011 protests ; they remain .  she says police aim violence at brotherhood backers , do n't intervene in protest conflicts .  motaparthy : people dying in egypt 's streets ; world must hold attackers accountabl .
 tony scott : unstoppable hollywood force <sec> blackford : tony scott was a thrill-seeking adventurer and master craftsman .  scott pioneered a new `` glossy '' approach to the action film , says the film writer .  the british director took his own life on sunday , jumping off a bridge in los angele .
 asia 's sea pirates target treasure of marine fuel <sec> sea piracy in the waters of south east asia on the increase .  pirates target ships for increasingly valuable cargoes of fuel .  anti-piracy groups say organized syndicates are behind the attacks .  nine out of 22 pirate attacks this year occurred in south east asian water .
 france 's first lady hospitalized after report of hollande 's affair <sec> magazine said hollande was having affair with actress julie gayet .  hollande 's romantic partner , valerie trierweiler , hospitalized .  french president has threatened legal action against magazin .
 source : karzai , high-level taliban have been meeting <sec> karzai tells the group it can help make peace in afghanistan .  the peace council launches as afghan leaders meet with pakistani officials .  the taliban says it is not part of the peace talk .
 somali women beaten for violating islamic law , officials say <sec> militant group al-shabaab imposes strict interpretation of law in areas it controls .  women violate law by not wearing socks , headscarves and by wearing bras .  `` al-shabaab dispatched men with whips to the streets , '' witness says .  al-shabaab is considered a terrorist organization by the united state .
 rescuers comb debris for survivors after mississippi tornado <sec> new : tornadoes reported sunday in alabama and south carolina .  in mississippi , two sisters , 9 and 14 , die inside mobile home , coroner says .  hundreds of homes , buildings flattened by nearly mile-wide twister that traveled 150 miles .  mississippi gov . .  haley barbour plans to request emergency federal aid on monda .
 wanted saddam ally urges palestinians to fight 'invaders ' <sec> al-douri was vice-chairman of hussein 's revolutionary command council .  30-minute recorded message broadcast on al-raei iraqi satellite television .  cnn has not been able to independently verify the authenticity of the voice .  u.s. says he has helped finance the insurgency against u.s. troops in ira .
 motion : police violated rights of suspect in anchorwoman 's death <sec> motion says little rock police interviewed suspect twice without lawyers .  curtis vance , 28 , is accused of raping , murdering katv anchorwoman anne pressly .  prosecutor says vance initiated interviews , waived right to have attorney presen .
 golf star breaks leg in skiing accident <sec> veteran spanish golfer miguel angel jimenez faces long recovery after skiing accident .  the 48-year-old breaks his leg while on the slopes in sierra nevada mountains .  he is expected to be sidelined for at least three months after breaking tibia in right leg .  jimenez became european tour 's oldest winner with victory in hong kong in decembe .
 anger and uncertainty reign in beijing as relatives confront officials <sec> new : relatives in beijing watch australian pm 's announcement about possible plane debris .  health concerns rise as stress and lack of sleep take their toll on family members .  some awaiting news of loved ones unsure of their legal rights .  compensation issue far from resolve .
 'evil spirits ' : the truth about chinese new year <sec> meeting a partner 's chinese family for the first time is an alcohol-imbued affair .  baijiu , a distilled spirit , is consumed in huge quantities over the festive period .  celebrations involve much food , karaoke and sore head .
 opinion : while obama basks in pope 's glow , religious critics dog him <sec> ashley mcguire argues that obama 's meeting with the pope ignores his troubled policies .  with lawsuits and a flawed abortion policy , obama disrespects catholics , she says .  president obama , she says , must show sobriety and honesty in dealing with the churc .
 woman denies affair with tiger woods <sec> new : rachel uchitel to new york post : i met woods only twice .  nightclub hostess says tabloid allegations came from disgruntled acquaintance .  false rumor `` must feel horrible '' to woods ' wife , uchitel say .
 senate panel to review release of convicted pan am flight 103 bomber <sec> 270 people died in the bombing of pan am flight 103 over scotland in 1988 .  al-megrahi was freed last year on the grounds that he was likely to live only a few months .  the father of a bombing victim says he does n't think al-megrahi is guilt .
 in egypt , a government of technocrats takes shape <sec> u.s. diplomat visiting cairo , stressing support , end of violence .  the new foreign minister once was the envoy to washington .  a world bank vet was picked as finance minister .  the tourism minister , who has no ties to the muslim brotherhood , retains his pos .
 nasa probe reaches mercury <sec> it takes the probe more than six years to get to mercury .  it 's a 4.9-billion-mile ( 7.9-billion-kilometer ) journey to the solar system 's innermost plant .  the space agency is hoping to get the first pictures from the probe by the end of the month .  the primary science phase of the mission is scheduled to begin april 4 .
 bahrain seeks to preserve ancient pearling traditions <sec> pearling 's heyday was between 1850 and 1930 .  the discovery of oil and advent of cultured pearls killed industry .  government submitted proposal to unesco for pearling heritage listing .  can take years to get enough pearls for a necklac .
 kristin davis : what it means to be self-sufficient <sec> `` sex and the city '' star kristin davis is an ambassador for oxfam .  the organization helps people in nearly 100 countries get back on their feet .  davis is especially committed toward women and trying to empower the .
 rancher cliven bundy hits the campaign trail in nevada <sec> cliven bundy takes his anti-government message on the campaign trail in nevada .  bundy became a conservative hero in march during an armed standoff with the feds .  he said he does n't want a revolution but did n't count one ou .
 ireporters share worst vacation nightmares <sec> ireporter is mistakenly diagnosed with cancer in hawaii .  a cruise to the tropics is stranded in norfolk , virginia .  other ireporters survive hurricanes , flooding and a volcano while on vacation .  ireport.com : share your worst travel experienc .
 police recover 2,002 illegally aborted fetuses in thailand <sec> new : police think the fetuses have accumulated for a year .  new : three people have been charged in the case .  the fetuses were discovered at a buddhist temple in bangkok .  abortion is illegal in thailand , unless a woman is endangered by pregnancy or was rape .
 by the numbers : memorial day and veterans <sec> more than 6,700 u.s. troops have died in the wars in iraq and afghanistan .  at least 35 other countries have lost troops in the wars .  six wreaths are engraved on the tomb of the unknowns , in arlington national cemeter .
 rock star : that 's not me drinking on google <sec> oasis frontman liam gallagher denies google earth appearance .  fans said man captured on camera drinking outside london pub was singer .  gallagher said the man was too embarrassingly dressed to be hi .
 mexico arrests 'ugly betty , ' alleged leader of new juarez cartel <sec> alberto carrillo fuentes , aka `` ugly betty , '' was reportedly captured in nayarit .  his arrest is the latest in a series of high-profile drug arrest .
 wikileaks ' julian assange urges support for snowden , slams obama <sec> assange says president obama has betrayed a generation , according to the text of a speech .  `` edward snowden 's ordeal is just beginning , '' assange says of the nsa leaker .  snowden is charged by federal prosecutors with espionage and theft of government property .  `` this is n't a phenomenon that is going away , '' says assange of young , tech-savvy leaker .
 second former assistant accuses nigella lawson of drug use <sec> new : prosecution says francesca grillo spent company money on trips , shopping .  grillo tells the court she 'd see nigella lawson with white powder on her nose .  francesca grillo and her sister elisabetta deny defrauding lawson and charles saatchi .  both sisters say that their spending on personal items was approved by lawso .
 american airlines passengers will not 'always love her ' <sec> a flight to new york city landed in kansas city to remove a disruptive passenger .  a kansas city airport spokesman confirmed she was singing `` i will always love you '' .  the song was written by dolly parton and made famous by the late whitney housto .
 black caviar statue unveiled , super mare in foal <sec> a bronze sculpture of black caviar has been unveiled in its hometown .  the australian racehorse won all 25 of its races .  it was also announced on thursday that the super mare is in foal .  the sire is stallion exceed and exce .
 will history be kind to bush ? <sec> timothy stanley says portrait unveiling allows moment to re-evaluate bush presidency .  he says bush approval rating was low , but history may show him as important president .  he says iraq war , credit crunch strikes against him , but efforts on immigration showed vision .  stanley : big legacy is defining war on terror , a concept many have bought int .
 spain declared free of ebola virus by who <sec> spain is declared ebola-free by the world health organization .  there have been no new cases since a nurse 's aide recovered from ebola in october .  spanish authorities had been monitoring scores of people who had contact with he .
