 'django ' actress defends not giving cop id <sec> daniele watts insists she has a right to refuse to give police her id .  los angeles police officer told her he had probable cause to request her id .  `` i ca n't make out with my boyfriend in front of my f -- king studio ? '' .  she yelled .  a citizen called to report `` a male white and female black '' having sex in public , police sa .
 'they just gnawed like piranhas : ' fan goes in for a kiss , bites danny bonaduce <sec> a fan asked for a kiss and then bit him on the cheek .  bonaduce starred on the 1970s tv show `` the partidge family '' .  his attacker had `` tiny little chucky teeth , '' he say .
 at least 3 dead as explosions reported in kenya <sec> a grenade hurled at a crowd kills at least three and injures scores , interior ministry says .  a second explosion was reported near the tourist area of nyali beach .  an improvised explosive device was discovered at the reef hotel gat .
 is chris christie right about warren buffett ? <sec> nj gov . .  christie says buffett `` should just write a check and shut up '' about tax rates .  matt welch says the media tends to view buffett as a selfless sage on policy matters .  he says the billionaire has a vested interest in many of the actions government take .
 russia 's food ban leaves europeans with sour taste <sec> russia has banned food and agriculture imports from a host of western nations in a tit-for-tat move .  western brands have invested heavily in russia and relied on the country as a key growth story .  but russia has now served up one dish on a menu that could include other damaging measur .
 15 dead as typhoon parma whips philippines <sec> 15 dead in philippines from typhoon parma , local media report .  storm heads to sea after crossing northern philippines .  tens of thousands of filipinos sought shelter in evacuation centers .  the biggest threat was rain in areas water-logged by typhoon ketsan .
 in saudi arabia , scores of arrests <sec> the arrests occurred over an eight-month period .  most of those seized were saudis .  the militants tried to sow unrest during the hajj , officials sa .
 report : at least 12 killed in blasts at egyptian government building <sec> the acting pm calls muslim brotherhood a terrorist group but stops short of blaming it .  two blasts hit an interior ministry building in mansoura .  blasts come as nation prepares for a referendum on a new constitution .  more than 130 people were injured , media report .
 cnn investigation : obama born in u.s . <sec> ex-hawaii health official says she has `` no doubt '' president obama was born in honolulu .  obama in 2008 produced a certification of live birth , a legally accepted document .  obama family acquaintances remember the president 's birth in 1961 in hawaii .  some critics of the president continue to express doubts about his country of birt .
 brazilian family says it wo n't appeal ruling of chief justice returning boy to dad , u.s . <sec> boy 's brazilian grandmother : he is `` very sad '' to leave , `` disappointed '' not to have a say .  family must hand over sean goldman at 9 a.m. ( 6 a.m . .  et ) thursday .  attorney : family is just looking for a peaceful handover of sean goldman to his father .  family plans on starting dialogue to allow transfer to happen immediately , attorney say .
 going global in 2015 : 10 start-ups to watch <sec> disruptive trends will rock the foundations of the most important industries .  virtual reality and wearable technology will make fantasy real .  star trek-style molecular analysis will go mainstream .  private finance and credit card security shake up business practice .
 madrid misery for andy murray after defending champions go through <sec> rafael nadal reaches quarterfinal of madrid open .  defending champion beats jarkko nieminen in straight sets .  serena williams continues her successful title defense .  britain 's andy murray crashes out in third roun .
 rapper macklemore is going to be a dad <sec> macklemore and fiancée tricia davis expecting first child in may .  video shows personal moments in ultrasound roo .
 two maryland abortion doctors face murder charges <sec> the doctors were arrested earlier this week in new jersey and utah .  they face five counts of first-degree murder and five of second-degree murder .  a prosecutor says the charges stem from abortions on viable , late-term fetuse .
 worker : woman in er 8 hours after positive ebola test <sec> a nurse 's assistant got infected while caring for an ebola patient in madrid .  spokeswoman : this woman sought treatment twice , got sent home both times .  she was admitted to hospital a third time ; waited hours for transfer , worker says .  5 are with her in a hospital ; dozens of others are being monitored for ebol .
 marijuana should be federally legal ( opinion ) <sec> alaska , oregon and district of columbia recently legalized marijuana .  jeffrey miron : state legalization is not enough ; what u.s. needs is federal legalization .  he says federal prohibition is a problem ; doctors and researchers are afraid to use it .  miron : given marijuana 's potential in medicine , congress should make it lega .
 ntsb : pilots admit mistaking county airport for branson <sec> the ntsb releases new information on last sunday 's wrong airport landing in missouri .  the plane 's pilots say the on-board computer was correctly programmed .  but they visually identified the wrong airport .  the pilots did n't realize they were at the wrong airport until the plane had lande .
 zimbabwe power-share talks break down <sec> new : talks collapse between president robert mugabe , opposition `` darkest day of our lives , '' says mdc leader morgan tsvangirai .  mugabe said monday 's meeting is final one ; will form government without mdc .  once-prosperous nation facing its worst economic and humanitarian crisi .
 box office report : 'identity thief ' wins the weekend , beats 'bridesmaids ' <sec> `` identity thief '' scored $ 36.6 million in its opening weekend .  in comparison , mccarthy 's last major film `` bridesmaids '' opened at $ 26.2 million .  `` warm bodies '' took second plac .
 combo of old drugs offers new hope in obesity fight <sec> fda nixed not one but two new weight-loss drugs in 2010 .  contrave got a thumbs up , meaning there might be a new tool for battling obesity .  contrave combines naltrexone and wellbutrin into one dru .
 u.n. court to convene for lebanon assassination <sec> u.n. tribunal for killing of former lebanon prime minister to convene sunday .  rafik hariri killed in car bomb in beirut in february 2005 .  u.n. says the case is expected to be ready for trial by 2010 .  death led to protests and reduction of syrian influence in lebano .
 aid group : hundreds of children fleeing drought arrive in kenya daily <sec> about 10 million people are at risk of starvation in the horn of africa region .  the region faces the worst drought in 60 years , according to the united nations .  `` children have made long journeys in terrifying conditions , '' aid group say .
 hedging their bets <sec> opinion divided over potential of jatropha as an economically viable biofuel .  hundreds of thousands of hectares planted around the world in recent years .  very little scientific data exists about the potential yield of large plantations .  poisonous shrub hailed as hardy alternative to biofuel based on food crop .
 dante turns in his grave as italian language declines <sec> italy , birthplace of the latin and italian , is becoming illiterate , writes silvia marchetti .  marchetti says italians ' declining knowledge of their mother tongue is becoming an emergency .  the approach to teaching latin in italian schools needs a makeover , she say .
 jaidee and kim leading china open field <sec> thongchai jaidee and kim do-hoon both card eight-under-par rounds of 64 .  the pair lead the way after the opening 18 holes of the china open on thursday .  american ryder cup captain corey pavin cards a bogey-free round of 6 .
 ebola hysteria : an epic , epidemic overreaction <sec> a college sends rejection letters to applicants from nigeria .  a teacher who went to a conference in dallas is put on leave .  a principal who went to his brother 's funeral in africa is now on vacation .  a tsa agent who patted down amber vinson is sent hom .
 forced budget cuts a disaster for military <sec> republican legislators : president obama said forced budget cuts would n't happen .  they say we are now little more than a week away from such cuts .  the military , which already has been cut , will be dealt a harsh blow , they say .  legislators : obama should negotiate on cutting mandatory domestic spendin .
 experts : long road ahead as crippled japanese reactors mark milestone <sec> the announcement means temperatures have stayed below the boiling point .  experts say significant work -- with significant risks -- remains to be done .  kyodo news : scrapping crippled reactors could take 40 years .  80,000 people who lived near the nuclear plant remain displace .
 sri lankan forces take key rebel strong-hold <sec> government forces took the area in a surprise attack early sunday .  rebel tamil tigers gained control over mullaittivu in 1996 .  earlier this month troops regained control of key northern town of elephant pass .  tamils want independent homeland , war since 1983 has left more than 70,000 dea .
 commentary : wife-slapping not ok in islam <sec> qanta ahmed : saudi judge wrongly said it 's ok to slap wife for spending too much .  she says there 's no basis in islam for domestic violence of any kind .  ahmed : kingdom has moved to aggressively bolster the rights of wome .
 massachusetts teen pleads not guilty to rape at school sports camp <sec> galileo mondol faces charges that include aggravated rape of a child .  mondol pleads not guilty at arraignment .  defense attorney : `` he knows he will be exonerated '' .  three jv soccer players from suburban boston were arrested last wee .
 latest mumbai attacks raise security concerns <sec> new : an expert blames indian security failures .  the home minister says india had no prior intelligence about the attacks .  no group has claimed responsibility .  18 people died and another 131 were injure .
 suspect in tulsa sex attacks charged after car wreck <sec> demond campbell , 30 , is presented with charges related to 7 sexual assaults in tulsa .  campbell is in critical condition and unresponsive in a hospital after a car wreck sunday .  suspect turns up in a google search of his name by police ; it was a report of his car crash .  campbell was released from prison in late april after convictions in oklahoma cit .
 sclc president howard creecy jr. dies <sec> creecy , 57 , died about 12:30 a.m. thursday in atlanta .  the cause of death is believed to be a heart attac .
 source : u.s. troops launch helicopter assault in pakistan <sec> new : assault targeted compound in area linked to taliban , al qaeda .  new : individuals in compound suspected of helping afghan attacks .  pakistani reports say from seven to 20 civilians killed in raid .  pakistan calls on u.s. ambassador to explain attac .
 federal appeals court strikes down defense of marriage act <sec> new : gay rights ' backers laud the ruling ; a conservative leader says it is `` judicial activism '' .  a u.s. appeals court rules the federal law defining marriage is unconstitutional .  the issue is expected to be conclusively decided by the u.s. supreme court .  `` what i 'm feeling is elated , '' says the 83-year-old lesbian at the center of the cas .
 a new breed of 4g phones emerges <sec> a new data network , called 4g lte , took hold at ces .  the technology will exceed old 4g networks .  old 4g phones from at & t and sprint are not compatible with i .
 school bus drivers strike in nyc <sec> bus drivers strike in nyc .  it 's the first walkout in more than 30 years .  city put 1,100 bus route contracts up for bids .  drivers demand job security , wage protectio .
 foreign relations chair wants 'specifics ' on isis plan <sec> senate foreign relations chair menendez says he wants `` specifics '' on plan to fight isis .  'we must be clear-eyed ' on the strategy , the democratic senator from new jersey says .  secretary of state john kerry testifyies about administration 's plan to defeat militant .
 analysis : were mistakes made in abdulmutallab interrogation ? <sec> fbi read suspected underwear bomber his miranda rights just hours after being detained .  senior intelligence , homeland security officials testify they were not consulted .  some members of congress outraged abdulmutallab was n't held over for military trial .  they say he was providing valuable intelligence on al qaeda before being mirandize .
 egypt decree keeps antiquities minister out of jail <sec> zahi hawass gets year in jail , loses job for refusing to carry out a court order , cnn is told .  the antiquities minister says an appeals court has decreed he will keep his job , not serve time .  charges stem from a lawsuit brought by the then-tenant of a cairo museum bookstore .  the order came after the process he was to stop was already over , hawass say .
 dutch prince suffers brain damage after avalanche <sec> dutch prince johan friso has suffered from brain damage , his doctor says .  he was injured in an avalanche at an austrian ski resort last week .  friso , a son of queen beatrix of the netherlands , was airlifted to hospital in innsbruck .  lech am arlberg is in austria 's vorarlberg state , a popular skiing area in western austri .
 report : apple supplier in china shows improvement <sec> the fair labor association says chinese plants of foxconn have improved worker conditions .  foxconn , a major supplier of apple products , has reduced overtime and improved safety .  the company has been at the center of a storm of complaints about working conditions .  a july audit found that most of the issues had been resolved on time or ahead of schedul .
 malaysian authorities crack down on protesters <sec> malaysian police say more than 1,600 people were arrested .  riot police fire tear gas as several thousand people rally in kuala lumpur .  opposition leader anwar ibrahim says he has been injured in the protest .  protesters are calling for electoral reforms but the government says the rally is illega .
 white house spokesman snow stepping down <sec> president bush says tony snow `` will battle cancer and win '' job of press secretary `` has been a dream for me , '' snow says snow leaving on september 14 , will be succeeded by dana perin .
 opinion : pete seeger 's protest struck a chord <sec> legendary folk singer pete seeger died recently at the age of 94 .  john bare says seeger was part of central role of music in civil rights movement .  bare : leaders such as martin luther king jr. mixed with the singers who spread message .  seeger understood the liberating power of music , bare say .
 film crew worker 's tragic death prompts hollywood movement <sec> the film industry is remembering a camera assistant who died on set .  hundreds of stars and crew members have shared slates for her .  sarah elizabeth jones , 27 , was hit and killed by a train on set thursda .
 u.s. concerned over alleged torture of american in bahrain jail <sec> tagi al-maidan has been jailed in bahrain for more than two years .  u.n. group claims he was forced to make false confession .  bahrain says it has `` zero tolerance '' for tortur .
 red mass : lobbying high court or simple prayer service ? <sec> annual catholic mass in washington celebrates the legal profession .  it began in 1952 ; several supreme court justices regularly attend .  it is touted as a chance for those involved in law to pray for wisdom .  critic says mass set up to `` lecture and give information to the justices .
 euro crisis : should i cancel my vacation ? <sec> some holidaymakers appear to be having second thoughts about visiting greece .  others concerned about safety if violent street protests resume against austerity cuts .  idea that has investors worried is the so-called `` grexit '' -- or greek exit from the eurozone .  travel experts say tourists visiting economically troubled countries unlikely to lose ou .
 michael dunn convicted of attempted murder in 'loud music ' trial <sec> michael dunn is convicted on three counts of attempted second-degree murder .  but there 's a mistrial on first-degree murder ; prosecutors say they 'll seek a new trial .  dunn faces 60 years in prison , possibly 15 more for another charge .  the teen killed , jordan davis , would have celebrated his 19th birthday sunda .
 ex-madam who sought public office pleads guilty to prescription drug charge <sec> kristin davis , 38 , pleads guilty to peddling prescription drugs .  davis was a former candidate for new york city comptroller .  she faces up to 5 years in prison when she is sentenced july 2 .
 vote counting begins after largely peaceful election in kenya <sec> new : `` the work , so far , is very good , '' says elections commissioner .  monday 's sporadic violence follows a sunday night attack on a police post .  voting , the first since a disastrous 2007 election , is peaceful in most of kenya .  a candidate must win at least half of the vote to avoid a runof .
 foster fights the fog to lead at gleneagles <sec> england 's mark foster leads the johnnie walker championship at gleneagles .  foster fires an opening round of 66 in foggy conditions in scotland .  spaniard ignacio garrido and tano goya from argentina are a shot bac .
 braille silver dollar goes on sale <sec> national federation of the blind can receive surcharges from sales of the coins .  mintage of the coin , which is 90 percent silver , will be limited to 400,000 .  initial prices will be from $ 31.95 to $ 37.95 . .  regular prices will be $ 33.95 to $ 41.9 .
 cameron diaz goes nude for first time in 'sex tape ' <sec> cameron diaz talks to esquire magazine about her career .  she says `` sex tape '' is the first movie where she does nude work .  diaz : `` you see everything .
 paralyzed after fall from tree , indiana deer hunter opts to end life <sec> timothy bowers ' widow explains his decision .  bowers , 32 , suffered a spine injury after falling 16 feet from a tree stand .  bowers chose `` to remove himself from life support systems , '' authorities say .  his new wife is expecting a baby , an acquaintance says on a funeral home websit .
 'pain-free ' tiger woods : i can win pga championship <sec> woods declares himself fit to play thursday 's pga championship .  participation had been in doubt after suffering back problems on sunday .  former world number one says he can win fifth pga crown this wee .
 missing teen did n't have mom 's ok for trip <sec> brittanee drexel disappears on trip to myrtle beach , south carolina .  mom says she spoke to daughter but did n't know she was out of state .  brittanee is believed to have last been seen saturday evenin .
 libyan detainees describe abuse and torture <sec> human rights watch spoke with detainees in libyan jails .  the detainees described beatings and electric shocks .  the rights group is urging libya 's new leaders to make justice a priority .  it stresses rule of law in making a fresh start in liby .
 ny official : woman back from africa gets fever <sec> official : health care worker in new jersey is being tested for ebola .  health care worker who saw ebola patients has a fever , state official says .  this comes after ny , nj decide on enhanced cdc airport screening .  a doctors without border physician with ebola is being treated at a new york hospita .
 beyond mickey mouse : disney tops cruise ship rankings <sec> cruise critic analyzes reviews by their readers to select the best cruise ships of the year .  disney 's newest ships feature a four-deck water slide and visits to a private island .  the celebrity ships focus on fine dining and the spa experience to appeal to the adult travele .
 u.s. slaps new sanctions on north korea after sony hack - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the u.s. announces new sanctions against north korea .  the sanctions come after a cyberattack against sony , attributed to north korea .  seven officials who represent north korea 's arms dealing trade are targeted in the sanction .
 cnn student news transcript : september 17 , 2009 <sec> consider a new proposal 's impact on the u.s. health care debate .  visit a chinese laboratory to see how an h1n1 vaccine is produced .  test your knowledge of some facts found in the u.s. constitutio .
