 chinese imperial throne breaks record <sec> private shanghai businessman puts forth winning bid of us $ 11,068,193 ( hk $ 85 m ) .  frenzied bidding occurs among mainland , hong kong and taiwan collectors .  throne has carved panels , curved legs and a `` five dragon '' carving on front and back .  it belonged to emperor qianlong , who ruled from 1736-179 .
 would you have surgery at hands of robot ? <sec> da vinci robotic surgery has performed more than 1.5 million operations since late 1990s .  surgeon operates robot remotely controlling up to 50 instruments on four robotic arms .  california-based company had turnover of $ 2 billion in 2012 and lead the robot surgery fiel .
 brazil scrapes through to confederations cup final <sec> brazil defeated uruguay 2-1 to reach final of confederations cup .  fred gave brazil a first-half lead after diego forlan had missed penalty for uruguay .  edinson cavani had equalized for uruguay before late paulinho winner .  brazil will play italy or world champion spain in the fina .
 oscars 2014 : winners list <sec> `` 12 years a slave '' won the best picture oscar at the 2014 ceremony .  `` gravity '' cleaned up in the technical categories .  both jared leto and matthew mcconaughey were recognized with `` dallas buyers club .
 ai fukuhara : from tearful toddler to japan 's table tennis queen <sec> girl who rose to fame as a table tennis-playing toddler speaks about life in spotlight .  ai fukuhara is japan 's best known female table tennis player .  the 26-year-old is also popular in china and speaks fluent mandarin .  fukuhara looking to go one better than olympic silver at london 2012 with gold in ri .
 opinion : what liz cheney got wrong <sec> liz cheney , running for u.s. senate , declared opposition to same-sex marriage .  cheney 's sister , who is in a same-sex marriage , says liz is on the wrong side of history .  ruben navarrette : liz cheney should recognize that same-sex marriage is about freedom .  he says his brother , who is gay , persuaded him to change his view on marriag .
 plastic money to hit the uk 's wallets <sec> by 2016 , the bank of england will be printing polymer £5 and £10 notes .  the plastic notes will help fight counterfeiters and will be more durable .  while the switch to polymer will be expensive , in the long-term it will save million .
 family plans to appeal convictions in 'honor ' murders <sec> the defendants are sentenced to life in prison .  the prosecutor calls it a `` good day for canadian justice '' .  three sisters and shafia 's first wife were found dead in a car that plunged into a canal .  investigators : wiretapped conversations reveal a premeditated pla .
 navy releases 9 suspected pirates , citing lack of evidence <sec> navy did n't have evidence to hand suspected pirates to kenya for prosecution .  nine people were brought into somali waters , handed to coast guard .  suspected pirates were detained after a captain broadcast a distress call .  captain said he was under attack by pirates in small boa .
 scary world could give gop a foreign policy opening <sec> republicans believe world turmoil undermines obama .  but gop yet to resolve its own argument on national security .  bush , rubio , slam obama approac .
 ceo : design fault may have caused a380 engine failure <sec> new : airbus requests inspections on all 380s with rolls-royce engines .  part of a plane 's engine cover falls off mid-flight .  qantas says its airbus a380 fleet may be flying again within 48 hours .  the a380 is the world 's largest airline .
 bomb-making lesson kills 21 militants in iraq <sec> authorities found a camera inside the house .  6 people were critically wounded in the blast ; 4 others were arrested .  police think the house was a training base for al qaeda-linked grou .
 beauty and life lessons from helen gurley brown and phyllis diller <sec> helen gurley brown and phyllis diller , who died recently , were media groundbreakers .  both gurley brown and diller came into professional success later in life .  the women used their looks , in disparate ways , to gain public attentio .
 on comet 67p , philae conks out , as battery dies <sec> new : philae 's operators satisfied that the probe completed its mission on the comet .  philae 's landing did n't go as planned , leaving it in the shade , esa says .  it is supposed to run on solar power , but now there 's not enough sunlight for that .  philae 's primary battery was running out and is expected to be dea .
 opinion : n.j. texting ruling not what you think <sec> marc randazza : buzz on new jersey texting ruling leaves wrong impression .  judge did not rule that a woman texting a driver was legally liable for the crash , he says .  randazza : as in the mcdonald 's scalding case , misinformation feeds ignorance .  you may be liable only if you know the person you 're texting is driving , he say .
 450,000 displaced as pakistan attacks militants <sec> civilians flee north waziristan as planes strike militants .  more than 250 insurgents have been killed , army says .  the pakistani taliban is among the target .
 cancer cancels beastie boys ' tour , postpones album <sec> beastie boys member adam `` mca '' yauch has cancerous tumor .  band postponing tour , delaying release of next album while he gets treated .  yauch : tumor `` only localized in this one area .
 heat pops pipes nationwide ; brace for higher bills <sec> heat wave blamed for water pipeline bursts from california to new york .  experts : it 's a sign that sweeping replacement is needed for u.s. water pipelines .  cost of new water infrastructure $ 334 billion through 2027 , epa says .  many u.s. utilities are already requesting rate increases to pay for new pipeline .
 beyond hummus and kebabs : touring a delectable lebanon <sec> many beirut restaurants serve a different dish of the day at lunchtime , usually something that reminds patrons of their mother 's cooking .  in the town of becharre , the local specialty is fresh minced lamb rolled up with bulgur wheat to form giant meatballs .  in tripoli , the iconic pastry shop abdel rahman hallab specializes in regional pastries .  no traveler should turn down an invitation to a lebanese home for a mea .
 researchers report possible hiv infection cure ; others cite dangers <sec> a berlin man has been off anti-aids medication for 3-1/2 years .  but the stem-cell transplant credited for ridding him of hiv is costly , dangerous .  `` this is probably a cure , but it comes at a bit of a price , '' says one aids docto .
 report finds big flaws with new u.s. embassy in iraq <sec> report recommends u.s. try to get a $ 132 million refund .  new embassy , in baghdad , cost more than $ 700 million .  report cites incomplete design work , safety questions , maintenance problem .
 ponting 'one of cricket 's true legends ' <sec> former australia captain ricky ponting suffers big defeat in his final test appearance .  the 37-year-old scores just eight runs as home side lose series to south africa .  he is the most successful skipper in test history and cricket 's second-highest run scorer .  icc chief says ponting will be remembered as one of the legends of the gam .
 davos : the world 's most exclusive gathering <sec> the 44th wef annual meeting is bringing together more than 2,500 leaders , thinkers and public figures .  speakers range from manuel barroso , christine lagarde , ban ki moon , bill gates to matt damon and goldie hawn .  the high-powered talk-fest and a vital part of the business calendar was founded by klaus schwab in 197 .
 'serious contamination ' threat from africa 's mounting e-waste <sec> e-waste imported from the west is sold in local electronics stores in nigeria .  most of the imported hardware does n't work and is abandoned at dumpsites .  locals endanger their health by burning cables , dismantling old equipment .  computer aid distributes working computers to local villagers , businesse .
 federer hails best shot of his career <sec> roger federer hailed a shot against novak djokovic as the best of his career .  the swiss world number one hit a stunning baseline winner through his legs .  federer is going in search of his sixth u.s. open title at flushing meadows .  argentina 's juan del potro faces federer in what will be a first grand slam fina .
 5 digital tips for saner holiday travel <sec> last year , 42.5 million americans went 50 miles or more for thanksgiving .  when driving , try to `` unjack '' your electronics . .  no texting ! .  be courteous with your electronic use when flying , and respect those around yo .
 arpaio : 'i will fight this to the bitter end ' <sec> new : `` they 're using me for the latino vote , '' arpaio says of the lawsuit .  the sheriff 's office has not complied with the findings , justice department says .  arpaio 's actions have nurtured culture of racial bias against latinos , u.s. says .  arpaio denies discrimination ; sheriff 's attorney calls investigation a `` witch hunt .
 lawmaker : bahrain trying to dissolve two opposition groups <sec> two shiite groups are targeted by the sunni government .  it comes amid criticism of bahrain over stiff crackdown .  shiites in bahrain have had longstanding grievance .
 fergie and josh duhamel welcome their baby axl jack <sec> fergie and josh duhamel have welcomed a son .  the singer gave birth on thursday ; the couple named the baby axl jack .  duhamel : axl jack is `` a name that we both really love .
 school teachers become secret millionaires with mega millions win <sec> new : one of the winners had gone to sleep and forgotten about the drawing .  new : `` we 're going to be careful with how the money is spent , '' one winner said .  the three will each get $ 35 million as a lump sum after taxes .  three winning tickets were purchased in kansas , maryland and illinoi .
 gaza perfume named after hamas rocket , inspired by palestinian 'victory ' <sec> a gaza company has launched a perfume named after hamas ' m75 rockets .  its slogan is 'whoever loves victory , happiness and dignity , loves the m75 perfume ' .  the rocket , built with iranian advice , is a symbol of pride for many in gaz .
 love commandos rescue india 's forbidden couples <sec> volunteers help couples who , because of caste differences , are n't allowed to be together .  expert : some who 've resisted arranged marriage have been victims of honor killings .  young lovers dev and lalita ran away , and the love commandos helped marry the .
 5 militants wanted in fatal airport attack killed in pakistan police raid <sec> two suspects blow themselves up .  three others die in a gunfire exchange with police .  the attack on the airport takes place saturday .  the taliban says its target was an air force bas .
 what you might not know about the state of union <sec> longest state of the union address was harry truman 's on january 22 , 1946 .  the shortest : george washington 's 1790 address .  former president george w. bush was a big fan of wearing blue tie .
 korea united : football hero ryang yong-gi 's ambitious goal <sec> ryang yong-gi is a japan-born footballer who represents north korea .  the 31-year-old plays for j-league side vegalta sendai .  he led the team to second place in standings last season .  he also aided relief efforts after the 2011 earthquake and tsunami in japa .
 king : for romney , how bad is this ? <sec> king : romney 's `` 47 % '' figure may not be statistic about who pays federal income taxes .  democrats are gleeful over romney 's comments ; gop strategists in washington see remarks as self-inflicted wound .  release of secretly videotaped remarks comes as race appears to be trending in obama 's favo .
 tennessee titans owner bud adams dies at 90 <sec> adams co-founded american football league in 1959 .  he founded the houston oilers , which began play in the afl in 1960 .  in 1997 , adams moved the team to tennessee , where it became the titan .
 father henry , a secret father <sec> nathan halbach 's father is the priest who baptized him , henry willenborg .  nathan 's mother made a confidential agreement with the church to keep willenborg 's identity secret .  his mother went public about the secret agreement after he contracted cance .
 real madrid set up spanish cup final showdown against barcelona <sec> barcelona reach copa del rey final for the 35th time after beating almeria 3-0 .  josep guardiola 's team will seek to clinch record-extending 26th title on april 20 .  real madrid qualify for record 37th final after eliminating cup holders sevilla .  jose mourinho 's side win 2-0 at home to seal a 3-0 aggregate victory in sem .
 son says father killed woman in 1988 , guides police to remains <sec> man told police he watched his father kill 27-year-old lysandra marie turpin in 1988 .  he said his father forced him to dispose of the body in a ditch near their home .  forensic odontologist positively identified turpin 's remains on wednesday .  the suspected killer , ernest samuel christie jr. , died in 200 .
 richie benaud : 'voice of cricket ' dies at 84 <sec> richie benaud first earned fame as a cricket player , later as broadcaster .  prime minister tony abbott calls him `` a cricketing champion and australian icon .
 ships break free from ice off antarctica <sec> new : cracks in the ice allowed a russian research ship and a chinese icebreaker to escape .  52 passengers aboard the research ship were evacuated last week .  chinese icebreaker will remain in the region , while the russian ship is leavin .
 as the world warms , so dengue fever spreads <sec> japan facing first outbreak of dengue fever in almost 70 years .  who says climate change could lead to an increase in the prevalence of the disease .  carried by mosquitoes , dengue is a debilitating illness and can be fata .
 american aid worker 's trial begins in cuba <sec> cuba says alan gross imported illegal satellite equipment .  he is charged with acts against cuba 's independence .  the u.s. says gross was helping the jewish community improve communications .  he could face up to 20 years in prison if found guilt .
 what 's the best time of year for promotions ? <sec> linkedin : january , june and july are the most popular months for u.s. workers to be promoted .  cohen : `` promotions usually happen around new budget cycles and after holidays '' .  promotions can fill a vacancy in hierarchy or be a step up in a hierarchy of job .
 can any train ride match the orient express for glamor and romance ? <sec> a new exhibition aims to show the former splendor of orient express .  the iconic train 's first voyage was in 1883 , and it connected paris to istanbul with stops on the way .  the train 's luxurious carriages welcomed royalty , business elites and celebrated artists .  it also inspired many novels such as agatha christie 's `` murder on the orient express .
 egyptian court orders death sentences over anti-islam film <sec> prosecutor : 7 coptic egyptians are sentenced to death over involvement in an anti-islam film .  the suspects , accused of being involved with the film 's production , are living abroad .  protests broke out in several muslim countries in september against the amateurish film .  the man behind it was jailed earlier this month in california in a separate cas .
 cnn student news transcript - october 12 , 2012 <sec> the daily transcript is a written version of each day 's cnn student news program .  use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 disney debuts its new video game technology at sea <sec> each ship has two interactive floors on board for kids and tweens .  imagineers blend motion sensor technology and storytelling to create experiences .  all of the games have been designed for multiplayer experiences up to four player .
 privileged kids anger chinese public <sec> son of general reportedly attacked couple during road-rage incident last week .  the couple , who had their child in the backseat , were hospitalized , reports said .  incidents involving children of china 's rich and famous have fuelled public anger .  many in china refer to these children as `` taizidang , '' or `` princelings .
 iran 's parliament votes to label cia , u.s. army 'terrorist ' groups <sec> iran 's parliament says cia , u.s. army `` train terrorists , '' irna reports .  parliament bases label on `` known and accepted '' standards of terrorism .  u.s. senate passed resolution to label iran 's quds force a terrorist group .  cia : `` there are some things that do n't even deserve comment . .  this is one . .
 u.n. security council calls for ceasefire between thailand , cambodia <sec> council holds closed session on fighting with both sides , asean .  the two countries are fighting over an 11th-century hindu temple .  the temple sits on a cliff in cambodia , but the most accessible entrance is from thailand .  thailand believes the temple is in its territor .
 cnn student news - august 13 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 opinion : putin 's empire is not a new cold war <sec> the scale of russian president putin 's imperial ambitions revealed , david clark says .  but events in ukraine have left the west uncertain about how to respond , he writes .  there are an arc of countries with good reason to be concerned about russian policy .  policy of containment must be used to block the illegitimate exercise of powe .
 how to build a strong girl -- priyanka chopra inspires <sec> bollywood actress priyanka chopra traveled to western india for international youth day .  she was visiting young indian women with inspiring stories .  many indian girls are held back by issues such as not completing education , early marriag .
 late winner for psg but more misery for lyon in france <sec> two goals in injury time gave paris saint-germain a 2-0 win over guingamp in ligue 1 .  after drawing its opening two league games , the french champion has won two straight .  knocked out in champions league qualifying , lyon 's woes continued with a loss at evian .  juventus again scores four goals against lazio , prevailing 4-1 in serie .
 court documents : slain unc student was kidnapped <sec> an informant said eve carson was shot multiple times by two abductors .  warrants contradict original theory that death was random carjacking .  documents said police believe carson was subjected to a sexual assault .  informant told police that men entered carson 's home through open doo .
 apparently this matters : keurig 2.0 <sec> in the fall , keurig plans to release their new 2.0 brewing system .  the new systems will use digital rights management technology .  treehouse foods inc. has filed a lawsuit against keurig 's parent compan .
 ex-prosecutor wanted to charge bill cosby but lacked evidence <sec> `` i had a theory that cosby had drugged the woman , '' ex-prosecutor tells cnn .  bill cosby settled a lawsuit with andrea constand in 2006 ; terms not disclosed .  constand waited a year to report crime , so prosecutor could n't corroborate story .  cosby has repeatedly said allegations against him of sexual assault are untru .
 u.s. revokes 3 gaza students ' visas <sec> u.s. state department cites security concerns as reason visas were withdrawn .  three palestinian students were among seven who had earlier had visas pulled .  israel reportedly acts to prevent the students from leaving gaza .  advocacy group says palestinians need more access to higher educatio .
 is the banking 'boys ' club ' dead ? five female trailblazers in finance <sec> lloyd 's of london announces first ever female boss will take over in january .  industry veteran inga beale will become ceo -- a first in the company 's 325-year history .  cnn takes a look at other financial trailblazers in world econom .
 ecuador 's spectacular cross-andean train rises again <sec> by 2008 only 10 % of ecuador 's train lines were operational .  ecuadorean government has spent $ 280 million revamping national railway network .  its flagship tren crucero follows a 453-kilometer line along andean spine .  highlight is the avenue of volcanoe .
 kansas church to protest at service for slain florida siblings <sec> westboro baptist church says it will picket service because mother is a military wife .  tampa schools sponsoring service for brother and sister , who were slain last friday .  julie k. schenecker , 50 , is charged with murder in the deaths of her children .  her husband is with the u.s. central comman .
 marathon man kiprotich ends uganda 's long wait for olympic gold <sec> uganda wins second gold medal of its olympic history in men 's marathon on sunday .  stephen kiprotich triumphs 40 years after the late john akii-bua won 400m hurdles in munich .  it was uganda 's first medal of any kind since davis kamoga won silver at atlanta '96 .  kenya 's two-time world champion abel kirui is second and compatriot wilson kipsang thir .
