 at construction sites , india 's poor children swarm <sec> india is rushing to get ready for the commonwealth games .  games construction highlights one of india 's problems .  children of the poor swarm over construction site .
 elvis , marvin gaye shake moneymakers in afterlife <sec> presley earned more than justin timberlake ( $ 44m ) , madonna ( $ 40m ) last year .  cartoonist charles schulz , author dr. seuss still relevant among children .  beatles ' john lennon comes in at no . .  7 , but george harrison drops off list .  heath ledger debuts on list thanks to performance as joker in `` the dark knight .
 fbi shooting after boston bombing was justified , investigator says <sec> ibragim todashev knew the alleged boston marathon bombings mastermind .  he was killed in florida in may 2013 while being questioned about a triple homicide .  todashev 's family has disputed that he posed any threat to law enforcemen .
 amnesty international : latin america 'dangerous ' for journalists <sec> the report says nearly 400 journalists were threatened or attacked in 2010 .  rights specialist : 11 have been killed in mexico since the beginning of 2010 .  journalists are also attacked and killed in honduras , colombia and brazil .  tv stations are shut down in venezuela and the dominican republi .
 apparently this matters : squat for a ride in russia <sec> in moscow , metro riders can trade 30 squats for a free ticket .  machine registers their movements .  if they do n't do all 30 , they have to pay up .  the ticket would cost the equivalent of about 92 cent .
 4 charged in alleged payments for stories about royals <sec> four are charged in connection with alleged payments for stories involving the royal family .  one is duncan larcombe , royal editor at the sun , britain 's best-selling tabloid newspaper .  two others worked at a military academy while princes william and harry were there .  uk police have been investigating claims of corrupt payments for information by the medi .
 jenny sanford calls memoir 'cathartic ' <sec> south carolina first lady jenny sanford appears monday on cnn 's `` larry king live '' .  on gov . .  mark sanford : `` he can get back on track , but it 's too late for the marriage '' .  sanford admitted last year that he had an affair with an argentine woman .  on finding letter to his mistress : `` i literally was in shock . .  my stomach felt gut-punched .
 oprah plugs surface tablet -- from her ipad <sec> oprah winfrey endorses the new surface tablet in a gushy tweet -- sent from an ipad .  amused tech bloggers call the twitter message a marketing gaffe .  others say it does n't necessarily mean she does n't use both tablet .
 sources : taliban split with al qaeda , seek peace <sec> king abdullah hosted talks in city of mecca at end of september , source says .  saudi arabia has generally dealt with afghanistan through pakistan .  talks are the first aimed at bringing a negotiated settlement to the afghan conflict .  all parties agreed only solution to afghan conflict is dialogue , not fightin .
 'fifty shades of grey ' casting : charlie hunnam and dakota johnson ? <sec> we still do n't know who will be in the ' '' 50 shades '' movie .  charlie hunnam and dakota johnson are the latest names discussed .  the film is scheduled to hit theaters in august 201 .
 turkey appoint hiddink as head coach <sec> russia coach guus hiddink has been named as turkey 's new national football boss .  hiddink will begin a two-year contract when his stint with russia ends on june 30 .  the 63-year-old dutchman has previously led chelsea , real madrid and the netherlands .  turkey have been without a coach since fatih terim 's departure in octobe .
 mavericks on course to make nba history <sec> dirk nowitzki scores 29 points to give dallas a 3-2 lead in the nba finals series .  the german is one of five dallas players to reach double figures for the evening .  dallas mavericks have never won an nba title in their 31-year histor .
 seaworld joins trainer 's family in fight to keep videos out of public eye <sec> judge grants seaworld 's request to join family 's lawsuit restricting access to footage .  dawn brancheau 's family wants to prevent release of videos , photos related to her death .  brancheau died after killer whale pulled her underwater in front of onlookers at shamu stadiu .
 airline defends 5-passenger flight <sec> environmental groups angry with american airlines after five-passenger flight .  the passengers were unable to be rebooked after flight delayed by 14 hours .  aa says canceling flight would have left many more stranded in london next day .  the transatlantic flight did carry a full cargo load , according to the airlin .
 sunni islam leader calls for peace , urges muslims to have 'patience and wisdom ' <sec> new : angry about government ban on protests , activists in bangladesh call a general strike .  the grand mufti of egypt says anti-islam video spreads `` hatred , '' which should be illegal .  he adds that muslims want peace and respect , not conflict .  muslims protest saturday in nigeria , bangladesh , germany and pakista .
 report : more chinese cities need to come clean on air pollution <sec> environmental group examines air quality monitoring in 113 chinese cities .  report by environmental nonprofit examined openness of chinese air quality data .  but 29 chinese cities publish no data about air pollutio .
 where her son made music , anguished mother listens for life <sec> jean baptiste vanise got text from son before quake asking , `` where are you ? '' .  she 's been returning to the music school where she believes he was when quake hit .  `` this is the only place he could be , '' vanise says , after calling out his nam .
 most isolated island holds architecture competition <sec> tristan da cunha holds competition for architects and designers .  islands are most isolated inhabited archipelago on eart .
 watch-and-wait game continues for gulf coast residents <sec> heavy smell of oil already hangs over mississippi beaches .  a portion of the northern gulf of mexico is closed to fishing .  bp said it has prepared massive boxes to capture leaking oi .
 genetically modified salmon can feed the world <sec> yonathan zohar says people are eating more fish , so natural fish stocks are rapidly depleting .  he says we must accept that if we want to eat fish , we have to farm them like any other food .  aquaculture industry 's challenge : to be safe , efficient ; also offers big promise , he says .  zohar : ge salmon should be available , but labels , safeguards to prevent escape crucia .
 rockets land in israel after cease-fire announced <sec> new : rockets from gaza came down in israel overnight , israeli military says .  hamas announced a cease-fire late wednesday .  the truce follows three days of rocket attacks and airstrikes .  there was no immediate response from israel to hamas ' announcemen .
 most hurricane deaths so far involve falling trees and limbs <sec> new : eight of the 15 deaths reported involved toppled trees or falling limbs .  the fatalities include an 11-year-old boy in virginia .  police identify the boy as zahir robinso .
 football : gerardo 'tata ' martino appointed argentina coach <sec> gerardo martino appointed as new coach of the argentina national team .  martino spent last season in charge of barcelona .  barca ended the season trophyless , losing the title to atletico madrid on the final day .  argentina lost 1-0 to germany in last month 's world cup fina .
 commentary : get tougher on sex offenders <sec> jane velez-mitchell : sex offenders are often let out on the street too soon .  victims pay the price for inadequate punishment and rehabilitation , she says .  velez-mitchell says we must treat all sex offenses as serious crime .
 blackwater contractor wrote government report on incident <sec> blackwater under scrutiny , accused of killing iraqi civilians in clash .  `` spot '' report for state department was penned by blackwater contractor .  iraqis say spot report is at odds with what civilians are sayin .
 inter join tottenham in second round ; barcelona , man utd through <sec> tottenham and inter milan qualify for knockout stages of champions league .  barcelona go through from group d after eliminating panathinaikos with 3-0 win .  manchester united and valencia seal last-16 places with group c victories .  lyon progress from group b despite 3-0 defeat at schalke , who also qualif .
 japan airlines review finds fuel leak from 787 <sec> plane involved fuel spill in boston found to have second leak in japan , airline says .  inspection in japan found leak in nozzle used to remove fuel .  boeing 's new 787 has had several problems , including engine cracks .  manufacturer spokesman : `` these planes are safe .
 murdoch launches paper to replace disgraced tabloid <sec> the sun on sunday launches after news of the world closed in disgrace .  news of the world was at the center of a hacking and bribery scandal .  the sun strikes a defensive tone talking about the scandal in its editorial .  it 's aiming to replace what was the best-selling paper in britai .
 affidavit : fugitive pilot seemed ready to stay on run <sec> new : pilot had road maps , campsite lists for alabama , florida , according to affidavit .  lawyer for pilot 's wife says family is victim of husband 's `` deceitfulness '' .  marcus schrenker faces charges related to crash of plane .  police : schrenker bailed out of plane before crash , fled on stashed motorcycl .
 the pope 's 10 tips for happiness ( opinion ) <sec> in an interview , pope francis laid out 10-point plan for happiness .  among them : live and let live ; move quietly in world ; sunday is for family ; enjoy leisure .  one that surprises jay parini is not to proselytize .  parini says the pope urges us to think innovatively about how to create peac .
 from underwater , maldives sends warning on climate change <sec> president , cabinet don scuba gear to sign carbon emissions declaration .  `` we are all going to die , '' leader says , if climate change is n't checked .  most of archipelago lies less than 5 feet above sea level .  experts expect water levels to rise more than 7 inches by end of centur .
 4 arrested in alleged bribery and kickback scheme involving federal contracts <sec> new : defendants allegedly planned to try to steer a $ 780 million government contract .  new : two defendants are employees of the army corps of engineers .  new : the two are suspected of using their positions to try to funnel contract .
 austria incest suspect charged with murder <sec> austrian man who allegedly held daughter for 24 years charged with murder .  prosecutors charge josef fritzl with murder because one of the 7 children died .  experts say infant might have survived if fritzl had arranged for medical car .
 for sale : one life in china <sec> 26-year-old chen xiao put her life online , asking people to fill it with tasks .  decision came when she discovered she did n't know what to do with her life .  charging $ 3 per hour , chen has attended births , met strangers among other tasks .  chen will not do anything illegal , immoral or violen .
 body of abu dhabi sovereign-wealth fund chief found <sec> sheikh ahmed bin zayed al nahyan missing since plane crashed into lake in morocco .  sheikh was managing director of the dhabi investment authority .  he also was a brother of the ruler of abu dhabi and forbes ' 27th richest person in worl .
 manslaughter charges against nypd officer dismissed <sec> judge throws out manslaughter indictment against nypd officer richard haste .  haste was accused in the death of ramarley graham , 18 , during a chase in 2012 .  the prosecution misled the grand jury about police communications , the judge say .
 medvedev : russia wo n't fall 'to its knees ' <sec> new : medvedev says the davos forum was considered in the attack 's timing .  the russian president says transport police were `` absolutely passive '' .  moscow is observing a day of mourning for the bomb victims .  thirty-five people died in the bombing of moscow 's busiest airport monda .
 sabre reservation system outage delays flights <sec> virgin australia says it is manually checking in customers .  british airways flights in johannesburg experience delays .  the system is used by more than 300 airline .
 michael jackson announces 'curtain call ' concerts <sec> michael jackson announces 10 concerts at london 's o2 arena .  jackson called the performances a `` final curtain call '' .  reclusive star rarely seen since acquittal on child molestation charges in 2005 .  rumors of financial difficulties , health problems have swirled around sta .
 arizona sheriff faces civil trial in alleged targeting of latinos <sec> new : plaintiffs ' attorney says sheriff practices `` policy of racial discrimination '' against latinos .  new : sheriff 's attorney says there 's `` no evidence that race or ethnicity played a factor '' in detentions .  the maricopa county sheriff 's office is accused of racial profiling .  the lawsuit was filed in 2007 by latinos who say they were discriminated agains .
 celebrity split : gwyneth paltrow and chris martin are breaking up <sec> the couple released a statement on gwyneth paltrow 's website .  they have been married more than a decade .  paltrow and chris martin of coldplay asked for privacy for their famil .
 vietnam veteran is oldest iraq casualty <sec> maj. steven hutchison , age 60 , killed by roadside bomb .  hutchison joined army at age 19 , served in vietnam .  major returned to active duty at age 5 .
 venezuela , bolivia cut ties to israel over gaza <sec> venezuela accuses israel of participating in `` state terrorism '' .  bolivia urges that israeli leaders be considered war criminals .  israeli government has no immediate reaction to the move .
 japan may withdraw military from iraq <sec> japan may withdraw the last of its military mission in iraq by the end of the year .  japan 's military has airlifted materials , troops between kuwait and iraq since 2006 .  japanese ground force deployed in iraq in 2004 to aid reconstruction left in 2006 .  japanese navy continues refueling missions in support of coalition in afghanista .
 london city airport internet of things <sec> london city airport to test internet of things .  will create a network of machines that communicate with each other .  concept should create an enhanced and smoother passenger experienc .
 the top 10 tech 'fails ' of 2013 <sec> in 2013 , the healthcare.gov website topped our list of tech 'fails ' .  twitter music was a rare misstep for the hot social platform .  yahoo 's e-mail troubles irked users .  the `` year of the web hoax '' saw us believing in bun .
 autopsy : breitbart died of heart failure , had enlarged heart <sec> conservative activist andrew breitbart died of heart failure and had an enlarged heart .  a year ago , he was diagnosed with congestive heart failure after he was rushed to the er .  he also had 60 % narrowing of the coronary artery , autopsy report says .  report : breitbart was `` a light drinker '' and had 0.04 gram percent of alcohol in his bloo .
 new york to recognize gay marriages <sec> memo : failing to recognize gay marriages would violate new york 's human rights law .  the directive follows a february ruling from a new york state appeals court .  massachusetts legalized same-sex marriages in 200 .
 police : trayvon martin 's death 'ultimately avoidable ' <sec> martin would be alive if zimmerman stayed in his vehicle , police said .  trayvon martin was pronounced dead 3 minutes after firefighters and ems arrived .  evidence of thc , an ingredient in marijuana , was found in martin 's blood , tests show .  firefighters find forehead `` abrasions '' and `` bleeding '' from zimmerman 's nos .
 new world cup ball bounces into action <sec> the new 2010 world cup ball is named `` jabulani '' , which means `` to celebrate '' in zulu .  adidas rrigorously tested the ball in their specially made wind tunnel in scheinfeld , germany .  world cup footballs have not been made out of leather since the 1986 edition of the tournament in mexic .
 house investigates alleged congressional page sex incident <sec> two pages fired for alleged oral sex in public areas of capitol hill dorm .  male , female involved as were pages who were `` enablers , '' says lawmaker .  two gop lawmakers quit house page board in protest .  inspector-general tasked with investigation , recommending `` corrective actions .
 taliban claims to leak security details of crucial afghan meeting <sec> the taliban says it has detailed security plans of upcoming meeting with tribal elders .  the government has dismissed the taliban 's claims .  the meeting , known as the loya jirga , is considered significant .  afghanistan 's relationship with the u.s. and peace talks are among the topics to be discusse .
 cdc : 'nightmare bacteria ' spreading <sec> deadly bacteria are called carbapenem-resistant enterobacteriaceae .  50 % of patients with cre bloodstream infections die .  cdc has detailed a `` detect and protect '' plan for doctors , hospital .
 same-sex marriage rulings complicate path forward for gop <sec> democrats who support same-sex marriage are now playing on increasingly friendly political turf .  gop leaders express dismay at ruling , but seem eager to be rid of a polarizing issue .  the political fight over marriage is felt most acutely , perhaps , in iow .
 why tensions are rising as prince william flies into falklands <sec> several countries have disputed ownership of falklands since the first recorded landfall in the 17th century .  islands have been coveted as strategic shipping stopover and potential wellspring of resources .  argentina and britain fought over the islands in 1982 .  prince william will spend six weeks on islands working for an air search and rescue tea .
 bottlenecks persist at haiti 's border with dominican republic <sec> u.n. : heavy traffic making 200-mile santo domingo-port-au-prince drive take up to 18 hours .  this hinders post-earthquake aid distribution from the dominican republic to haiti .  u.n. : hospitals in the dominican republic near the haitian border are overwhelmed .  u.n. shifting aid distribution away from main highway between two nation .
 10 things my father was right about <sec> her dad 's advice annoyed daugher when she was growing up .  pay attention to anyone wearing a toolbelt -- what you learn can save you money .  during heated arguments with spouse , hold hands to help keep screaming under control .  when in doubt about a movie to rent , you ca n't go wrong with clint eastwoo .
 the unsolved mystery of lost 19th century 'ghost ships ' <sec> in 1845 sir john franklin and 129 men set out on a mission to map the northwest passage .  160 years of searching have failed to find the lost ships `` hms erebus '' and `` hms terror '' .  the last known account of the expedition was in 184 .
 michael douglas ' son gets 5 years in drug case <sec> cameron douglas pleaded guilty in january to distributing meth and cocaine .  federal judge rebuffed pleas by defense lawyers for a more lenient sentencing .  douglas , 31 , was arrested in january 2009 at a new york nightclub .  he is the son of actor michael douglas and his first wife , diandra luke .
 'duck dynasty ' family stands by suspended patriarch <sec> the robertson family calls into question the show 's future .  phil robertson has been suspended `` indefinitely '' from a & e 's `` duck dynasty '' .  sinful behavior can start with homosexuality and morph into things like bestiality , he tells gq .  he also says black people he saw in pre-civil rights louisiana were `` singing and happy .
 california artist contemplates islam 's holy book <sec> surfing waves in indonesia , india , morocco inspired sandow birk 's interest in islam .  9/11 attacks led birk to realize americans knew very little about the quran .  he embarked on a project to paint all 114 suras ( chapters ) .  so far , he has completed 60 chapters of `` american quran .
 'empire ' probably wo n't use the 'n-word ' <sec> the actor said he 'd like to see the word used on his series .  he said it is used commonly in the black community .  howard 's co-star taraji p. henson disagree .
 japan 's emperor hospitalized with persistent fever , bronchitis <sec> emperor akihito , 77 , came down with a fever thursday , an imperial spokesperson says .  he also has been suffering from a worsening case of bronchitis .  he appeared `` fatigued and lost some resistance , '' adds the spokesperson .  born in 1933 , akihito became emperor in 198 .
 sailing a lifesaver for record-breaking yachtswoman hilary lister <sec> hilary lister had decided to take her own life back in 2003 but then took up sailing .  the quadriplegic 's passion for the high seas has , she says , given her a reason to live .  able bodied in her youth , her degenerative disease has seen her lose movement .  she sails using straws and her dream voyage is to travel solo across the atlanti .
