 america should see the newtown carnage <sec> roland martin : the cost of gun violence is often hidden away .  he says americans should see the carnage firsthand so they are stirred to act .  after murder of emmett till , his battered face was shown on magazine covers .  martin says ourtrage over the till murder helped fuel civil rights movemen .
 one woman 's fight to improve mental health care in china <sec> meng weina set up first private special needs school in china .  from the first center in guangzhou there are now hui ling operations in a dozen chinese cities .  only one in ten people with mental health issues receives care , suggests wein .
 lockdown lifted at yale hours after initial 911 call <sec> the lockdown has been lifted , yale announces .  `` it behooves us to overreact and not underreact , '' says police chief .  someone called 911 to say roommate was coming to yale to shoot people .  no injuries or shooting reported ; police searching building .
 thousands mourn man killed amid clashes in turkey <sec> the death of burak can karamanoglu follows tuesday death of berkin elvan , 15 .  it is not clear which groups were involved in a fight that led to karamanoglu 's death .  berkin died nine months after he was wounded , apparently by a police tear gas canister .  berkin 's father lashes out at turkey 's pm ; karamanoglu 's father criticizes boy 's mourner .
 romney remembered as ceo governor <sec> democrats controlled massachusetts legislature during mitt romney 's tenure .  democrats give romney high marks for passing health care reform as governor .  romney alienated some by taking over one of state house elevators .  watchdog group official says romney had his eye on national office at the end of his ter .
 man arrested after hoffman death avoids jail <sec> robert vineberg was among four people arrested after the death of philip seymour hoffman .  oscar-winning actor was found dead february 2 of an apparent overdose .  vineberg pleads guilty to a lesser drug charge , will get probatio .
 kim out of sight , north korean leaders visit south <sec> `` within my memory ... there was never ever such a high-level visit , '' expert says .  head of north 's military , two other ruling party leaders attend sports event .  they also meet with south korean officials , who give them a warm welcome .  kim jong un has been out of sight for weeks ; officials say he is `` suffering from discomfort .
 larry flynt on sex and presidents <sec> larry flynt : `` i 've done a great deal to expand the parameters of free speech '' .  `` hustler '' magazine publisher 's new book details the sex lives of presidents .  flynt says he never thinks about the day he was sho .
 dancers claim cher fired them for reporting sex assault <sec> cher 's publicist calls charges `` ridiculous and could not be further from the truth '' .  the dancers were fired from cher 's `` dressed to kill '' tour in june , the suit says .  cher told then they were let go for `` budget reasons , '' it says . .  complaint also accuses cher of barring the hiring of more black dancer .
 bear kills camper in remote russia <sec> brown bear kills tourist on russia 's bolshoi shantar island , before being shot .  attacks on humans have become more frequent in remote regions of russi .
 nudity does n't shock us anymore <sec> peggy drexler : male models at rick owens ' paris runway show wore clothes that exposed their penises .  she says as we become harder to shock , the culture keeps going lower and lower . .  the bottom is in sigh .
 edward snowden 's interview : 10 things we learned <sec> former nsa contractor edward snowden speaks to nbc 's brian williams .  he says he considers himself a patriot , and that he was trained as a spy .  snowden says he 's surprised he ended up in russia .  he says he has no ties with the russian government and does n't like some of its policie .
 bt ceo : smartphones and tablets transforming workplace <sec> bt ceo : the growth of smartphones and tablets is changing our work patterns .  this `` consumerization '' of business is blurring the lines between work and personal life .  the consumer sector is now driving innovation in communications tech , he says .  while businesses can benefit from this , it also raises security challenge .
 duke , wisconsin to meet in men 's title game <sec> wisconsin , which last won a title in 1941 , was led by birthday boy frank kaminsky .  justise winslow leads duke with 19 points , while jahlil okafor has 18 .  coach k says his team 's defense was `` terrific .
 is han solo returning to 'star wars ' ? <sec> lucasfilm is n't confirming or denying casting rumors .  when asked about `` episode vii '' harrison ford said 'i think it 's almost true ' .  he added that it 's 'not in the bag yet .
 obama 's strategic retreat in afghanistan <sec> jeremi suri : obama 's speech represents start of rapid withdrawal from afghan war .  suri says the strategic retreat makes sense in the short run .  suri says it leaves afghanistan as a state with a corrupt government , taliban threat .  in the long term , the risks for the u.s. and afghanistan could increase , he say .
 fun facts about presidential memoirs <sec> `` a journey , '' tony blair 's memoir , is causing protesting around the uk .  the memoirs of betty ford and nancy reagan outsold those of their husbands .  many suspect that the `` personal memoirs of ulysses s. grant '' was written by mark twai .
 pharmacist : anna nicole smith 's drug list 'pharmaceutical suicide ' <sec> testimony given at preliminary hearing for model 's doctors , lawyer .  pharmacist says he was faxed list of drugs that doctor wanted for smith .  he found dosages `` not appropriate , '' he testifies .  pharmacist says expert thought one doctor was `` way out of her league .
 government ca n't squelch free speech <sec> supreme court ruling does n't represent a step backward , says matt welch .  he says the ruling stops government from inhibiting free speech about politics .  welch says people are n't sheep ; can make decisions about campaign advertising .  he says ruling will allow wide variety of advocacy groups to air points of vie .
 robot chalks tweets on tour de france route <sec> chalkbot scrawls text messages and twitter posts on tour de france route .  the tractor-like robot is part of an ad campaign for nike .  people whose messages are chosen receive pictures of their text on the road .  robot 's creator says idea is part of trend in art : digital creations become rea .
 why davos matters in the age of social media <sec> social media has brought greater accountability to business .  business can be a major force to drive social good in the world , says jones .  he says that businesses that do good in the world do wel .
 pakistan funded washington lobby group , u.s. says <sec> new : the group 's director makes his first appearance in court .  new : the director and his co-defendant contributed to u.s. candidates .  they are accused of lobbying for pakistan without registering as foreign agents .  pakistan 's intelligence service funneled at least $ 4 million to their operation , prosecutors sa .
 cnn fact check : illegal border crossings at lowest levels in 40 years <sec> in fiscal year 2011 , there were 18,506 u.s. border patrol agents in the southwest border sectors .  study : apprehensions of unauthorized immigrants are at their lowest level since 1971 .  the figures can be tough to interpre .
 released by honduras , six americans sail to florida <sec> the crew of the aqua quest arrives in tarpon springs , florida , on wednesday .  contracted to do salvage work , they were imprisoned on weapons smuggling charges .  owner of salvage company said crew had weapons for protection on high sea .
 1979 hostage crisis still casts pall on u.s.-iran relations <sec> one hostage-taker says 1979 embassy takeover was protest by angry students .  former hostage says the event `` brought misery to the iranian people '' .  all sides tell cnn the legacy of the hostage crisis still affects u.s.-iran relations .  amanpour airs at 3 p.m . .  et daily on cnn international and 2 p.m . .  et sunday on cnn us .
 jackson was star the world could not ignore <sec> michael jackson was adored by fans around the world .  total sales exceeding 700 million records over his 40-year career .  u.s. civil rights campaigner rev . .  al sharpton paid tribute to his charity wor .
 richard sherman stunned by reaction to his victory rant <sec> richard sherman says attacking an opponent verbally was `` immature '' .  sherman talks to cnn 's rachel nichols about the backlash that followed the comments .  he says he was still in the emotional zone it takes to play football successfully .  the star defensive back also says he thought america was past racial attack .
 ben ainslie plots america 's cup history <sec> british sailor ben ainslie is plotting a first british win in the america 's cup 163-year history .  four-time olympic champion was billed a modern-day horatio nelson for his 2013 cup heroics .  almost overnight , he has gone from a modest sailor to a ceo of a $ 130 million bran .
 myanmar leader pondered buying manchester united <sec> general 's grandson suggested he buy manchester united , cable says .  general , who is a soccer fan , thought $ 1 billion purchase would look bad .  he created a soccer league in myanma .
 chrysler recalls 490,000 vehicles over head restraint issue <sec> chrysler recalls 490,000 chrysler , dodge and jeep vehicles .  it has to do with a fault controller related to its active head restraint .  the company knows of no injuries or accidents tied to the problem .  earlier this month , chrysler reluctantly recalled 2.7 million vehicle .
 land of social climbing ? english high society at play <sec> sporting events integral to english social `` season '' .  glorious goodwood , royal ascot , wimbledon and henley regatta are main events .  all quintessential english events with unique heritage and tradition .  royal patronage a key ingredien .
 opinion : free elections good for ukraine , bad for putin <sec> sen. kelly ayotte and rep. peter roskam are in ukraine for the presidential elections .  they feel russia 's continued interference in the region undermines democracy .  vladimir putin has been deliberately seizing ground in georgia and ukraine .  they say the u.s. must not allow putin to use force to meddle in ukrainian affair .
 authorities : powell kids hit with hatchet before blaze <sec> new : powell kids had chop wounds , autopsy shows .  josh powell and his sons died of carbon monoxide poisoning .  powell sent goodbye e-mails to his pastor , others just minutes before the fire .  a utah police chief vows to keep on the case of susan cox-powell 's disappearanc .
 history-maker tseng holds off hull to win british women 's open <sec> yani tseng survives a tense final round to win women 's british open by one shot .  taiwanese golfer 's four-stroke lead was eroded by katherine hull with five holes to play .  neither player broke par after that as tseng recovers following bunkered tee shot at 18 .  the 21-year-old became the youngest woman to win three major trophie .
 israel prepares for pro-palestinian activists at airport <sec> 1500 to 2000 activists expected by air from europe , u.s. , canada , says activist group .  activists want to go to events in bethlehem and other west bank cities , they say .  israeli security forces plan to deport the activist .
 malcolm x 's death revisited <sec> malcolm x was assassinated on february 21 , 1965 .  zaheer ali : fifty years later , we still have more to learn from malcolm x 's lif .
 french red cross official freed in yemen <sec> a french red cross official abducted by militants in yemen has been freed , the icrc says .  benjamin malbrancke was kidnapped the evening of april 21 about 30 kilometers outside hodeida .  malbrancke was traveling with two yemeni drivers , who were also taken but then released unharmed .  kidnappings are common in yeme .
 kenyan president uhuru kenyatta to attend icc hearing <sec> kenyatta is the first sitting president to appear before the icc .  he says he is attending the hearing as a private citizen .  he has been accused of five counts of crimes against humanity for his alleged role in a disputed 2007 election .  the kenyan leader has pleaded not guilt .
 google vs. microsoft : what you need to know <sec> the escalating google vs. micosoft battle is mostly over who 'll be king of tech .  top execs at each company dream of ways to steal the others ' pots of gold .  chrome os will compete with windows , while office 10 will include free online versions .  here 's how the two tech giants stack up in four key areas of competitio .
 wikileaks ' assange held while court decides on extradition <sec> new : assange 's attorney : assange `` will soon be set free '' .  attorney for the accusers says he is `` relieved '' with arrest .  assange would have to show he ca n't get a fair trial in sweden to prevent extradition .  a court orders assange to jail until december 14 , refusing him bai .
 the most instagrammed places in 2014 <sec> every year , instagram reveals the most geo-tagged places in the world .  disneyland in california tops the list this year . .  last year 's winner siam paragon is bumped to fourth .  moscow gets two new entries in top 10 this yea .
 iowa chairman sets valentine 's date for jeb - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the iowa gop chairman says he has n't heard from jeb bush about a potential campaign .  iowa holds the first-in-the-nation nominating contest and is considered a must-stop for likely candidates .  bush is working quickly and behind the scenes to build his team and secure financial resource .
 emergency exit slide issues prompt allegiant to ground md-80 fleet <sec> a smoke detector goes off an an allegiant flight , and all use slides to evacuate safely .  allegiant then notices its md-80 planes ' slides were n't being overhauled regularly enough .  all 52 of its md-80s ( out of 61 planes total ) are immediately taken out of service , checked .  allegiant is steadily making more planes operational , as well as chartering other aircraf .
 boeing : let us fly you into space <sec> prices have n't been announced yet .  boeing 's partner has already flown seven people to the international space station .  the company expects its cst-100 spacecraft to be operational by 201 .
 report : putin , ahmadinejad to meet before nuclear talks <sec> the two leaders will meet next week in china , according to media reports .  an international round of talks on iran 's nuclear program is set for later this month .  world powers are concerned iran wants to build nuclear weapons .  tehran insists its nuclear program is for peaceful purpose .
 taking advertising to the future in uganda <sec> two young entrepreneurs are making advertising go digital in uganda .  their start-up , camouflage media , provides digital screens for the country 's supermarkets , offices and lobbies .  the company has already gained patronage from the country 's most profitable bank and biggest telecom compan .
 drug-fueled gang wars shake vancouver <sec> thirty miles from u.s. border , authorities in vancouver confronting gang warfare .  violence the result of turf wars over increased narcotics trade .  innocent bystanders have fallen victim to gangsters ' heavy firepower .  drug dealers sometimes tried in the u.s. , where sentencing is stiffe .
 u.s. workers ca n't hide from competition <sec> competition is a fact of life , says ruben navarrette jr . .  he says some are seeking to protect u.s. workers even from legal immigrants .  navarrette : politicians should stop trying to insulate u.s. workers from reality of competitio .
 some guantanamo detainees to be moved to illinois <sec> fewer than 100 suspects will be transferred from cuba to illinois prison .  government will buy prison , enhance perimeter security .  moving detainees is key to administration goal of closing facility .  deal could provide up to 2,000 jobs and $ 1 billion in federal money , officials sa .
 aiken dedicates maiden win to legend ballesteros <sec> thomas aiken of south africa wins spanish open title at el prat .  tournament overshadowed by death of golf legend seve ballesteros .  aiken dedicates his maiden european tour victory to ballestero .
 confusion , grief and despair in india 's school poisoning village <sec> masrakh village in india 's bihar state is in mourning after deaths of 23 children .  the children died after eating their daily school meal of rice and potatoes .  people from the village are seeking answers as to the cause of the incident .  police are seeking to interview the school principal , who has absconde .
 venus to face rezai in madrid final <sec> american venus williams is through to the final of the madrid open .  venus beat israeli shahar peer 6-3 6-0 to secure her place against aravane rezai .  rezai secured her place after opponent lucie safarova retired through injur .
 colorado oks financial services co-ops for pot sellers <sec> gov . .  john hickenlooper is expected to sign the bill , his office says .  banks have been `` reluctant '' to do business with marijuana sellers due to federal law .  pot sellers are often forced to operate on a cash-only basis , which invites crim .
 car bomb kills 5 in basra <sec> new : car bomb kills 5 in basra .  blasts occur in shiite cities of karbala and najaf .  many of the victims are iranian pilgrims , an official said .  and in baghdad , a bomb wounds four peopl .
 third boeing employee among dead in plane crash <sec> new : dead pilot used to engage in mock dog fights when in turkish air force .  investigators : turkish airlines plane fell almost vertically to ground .  sudden drop indicates aircraft did not have enough forward speed , official says .  three boeing employees killed , one remains hospitalized , company say .
 buddhist mob attacks mosque in sri lanka 's capital <sec> a buddhist mob attacks a mosque in the sri lankan capital , colombo .  the dispute began over the relocation of a mosque .  the government says the issue has now been resolve .
 official : 3 cholera victims in new york have recovered <sec> the 3 adults were guests at a wedding in the dominican republic .  they did not have to be hospitalized , according to new york 's health department .  the risk of secondary infection is low , officials sa .
 mh17 crash : 'everything rained down in bits and pieces ' <sec> a journalist at the crash site says charred debris fills a wide field with tall grass .  `` it 's a gruesome scene , '' journalist noah sneider says .  even battle-hardened ukrainian rebels seem shocked by the devastation , he say .
 french debate relaxing sunday shopping ban <sec> french senate debates new law allowing more shops to open on sundays .  if approved new law would overturn 1906 law forbidding sunday trading .  sarkozy has had to deal with opposition from both left and righ .
 vettel on pole as red bulls dominate in indian qualifying <sec> f1 championship leader sebastian vettel on pole for sunday 's indian grand prix .  german heads off red bull teammate mark webber in saturday 's qualifying .  the duo have locked out the front row of the grid for three races in a row .  vettel 's main title challenger fernando alonso will start in fifth plac .
 the french open 's painter to the stars <sec> joel blanc paints live at the french open every year .  the frenchman first painted at roland garros in 2004 .  blanc has also painted sports as diverse as rugby , golf and athletic .
 barge companies fear mississippi river shutdown because of water levels <sec> mississippi river faces possible traffic disruptions .  ice slows water flow .  crews blasting rocks that are threat to navigatio .
 golden girl : the first olympic speed queen <sec> betty robinson won women 's 100m gold at the 1928 games in amsterdam .  it was the first olympics where women were allowed to compete .  aged 16 , robinson became the first women 's track and field gold medal winner .  the illinois native almost died in a plane crash but returned at 1936 berlin game .
 latest developments in libya <sec> vice president joe biden said that `` nato got it right '' .  south africa says `` a lasting and sustainable peaceful solution is possible .
