 uc berkeley overturns vote to disinvite bill maher <sec> a student group selected maher as speaker in august .  on tuesday night , the group met and voted to disinvite him .  the next day , the college overturned the group 's vot .
 egyptian health ministry : 74 dead , hundreds injured in soccer riots <sec> a committee will investigate circumstances surrounding the fighting .  egypt 's military council declares three days of national mourning .  egypt 's health ministry says 74 people were killed in clashes .  one witness says police did not step in when fighting broke ou .
 it 's a wintry mess from the southwest to the northeast <sec> subfreezing temperatures predicted saturday in dallas , memphis , little rock .  about 200,000 customers lose power in dallas/fort worth , 30,000 in arkansas .  dallas and memphis marathons called off .  weather-related deaths reported in texas , arkansas and oklahom .
 rachel uchitel prepares for private eye career <sec> rachel uchitel has five weeks of private eye training before graduation .  uchitel 's teacher wants her to work with his detective agency .  she 's good at `` getting information from people , '' her teacher says .  uchitel refuses to talk about her relationship with tiger wood .
 report : more than 1,300 military sex harassment claims last year <sec> the complaints covered all the major service branches and the national guard .  more than half of the complaints were substantiated as a result of follow-up action .  most incidents involved women enlistees filing complaints against men .  the harassment report follows one showing a sharp increase in alleged sex assault .
 rebels battle gadhafi loyalists in a number of strongholds <sec> the united nations warn that food and fuel shortages can further destabilize libya .  rebels and nato battle loyalists in tripoli and gadhafi 's hometown , a defense official says .  the african union fails to recognize the rebel leadership as legitimate representative .  unesco warns antiquities dealers against buying libya treasure .
 chestnut retains hot dog title despite rival 's unofficial record <sec> joey chestnut wins nathan 's hot dog eating contest , eating 62 hot dogs and buns .  takeru kobayashi beats chestnut 's world record at a separate event .  major league eating will not recognize kobayashi 's feat as a record .  sonya thomas wins the women 's competition , eating 40 hot dogs and bun .
 di canio 'fascism ' debate overshadows chelsea 's crucial win <sec> sunday 's 2-1 win over sunderland puts chelsea third in english premier league .  sunderland manager , asked about being a fascist , says `` your nature never changes '' .  paolo di canio also says , `` i do n't think you are the same person than 20 years ago '' .  tottenham 's bid for champions league place falters with 2-2 draw against everto .
 indiana mom sends son to school with stun gun to confront bullies <sec> `` what is a parent to do when she has done everything ? '' .  chelisa grimes says .  the indianapolis school district is considering his expulsion .  darnell `` dynasty '' young says he has been bullied and taunted for months .  two-thirds of gay students say they feel unsafe at schoo .
 fatima bhutto : breaking free of the dynasty <sec> niece of benazir bhutto a strong critic of pakistan 's political culture .  the 25-year-old is a columnist , author and poet .  legacy of family history means politics will always play a part in her lif .
 thailand revokes visa of russian pianist accused of rape <sec> new : exception allows pletnev to enter the country while his case is pending .  he is accused of raping a 14-year-old boy in thailand .  his visa was revoked because the immigration bureau believes he 's a threat .  even if the charges are eventually dropped , he will be deported from thailan .
 world 's largest aquatic insect specimen found in china <sec> giant dobsonfly with 21 centimeter ( 8.27 inch ) wingspan found in sichuan for the first time .  this may be the world 's largest aquatic flying insect .  the presence of the dobsonfly indicates clean water is nearb .
 kubica extends renault f1 contract <sec> robert kubica extends contract with formula one team renault .  kubica signs a deal that takes him to end of 2012 season .  polish driver is in his first full season with renault .  kubica is currently sixth in drivers ' championship standing .
 humble delivery man becomes reluctant hero <sec> stunning video captures dramatic rescue from burning home .  despite intense publicity , mysterious hero almost was n't identified .  tom artiaga says he does n't feel like a her .
 ny hospital staff stayed with patients too ill to move during irene <sec> as irene approached , 6 patients were too sick to evacuate from nyu-langone medical center .  the hospital is just 100 yards from the east river .  nurses kept flashlights by each bedside , and a 3-day medicine supply for each patient .  `` we train for these disasters , '' says nurse manager elaine rowinsk .
 chicago mourns 6-month-old 'angel ' killed in street shooting <sec> new : those at young jonylah watkins ' funeral see ultrasound and newborn photos .  new : a family friend says , `` i just wish we could do something about it '' .  new : a pastor says people should n't view south side residents as `` animals '' .  6-month-old jonylah was hit by a single bullet ; police say the intended victim was her da .
 andrew lesnie , cinematographer , dies at 59 <sec> oscar-winning cinematographer andrew lesnie has died .  he is best known for `` lord of the rings , '' `` the hobbit '' and `` babe .
 organization says tsunami warning system worked after indonesia quake <sec> the tsunami followed a 7.7-magnitude earthquake off the indonesian island of sumatra .  a german organization involved in maintaining the tsunami warning system says it worked .  reports of vandalism before the quake `` are entirely unfounded , '' the organization say .
 taking world war ii veterans to see memorial before time runs out <sec> program called honor flight takes wwii vets to see memorial in washington .  honor flight has taken 30,000 vets to d.c. since it began in 2005 .  `` i 've had exchanges with veterans that are jaw dropping , '' founder says .  ww ii vet on the trip : `` i feel as humbled as a mouse .
 19 dead in crash of plane carrying tourists to everest staging post <sec> new : uk foreign office confirms the death of seven british nationals .  the dead also include chinese and nepalese people , an airline official says .  the plane collided with an eagle before it crashed , an airport official says .  the british passengers were booked on a hike to everest , a tour company say .
 10 arrested so far in british soldier 's killing ; muslims fear backlash <sec> new : british police arrest a 10th suspect connected to a soldier 's slaying last week .  attacks on muslims in britain surge after the religiously motivated killing of a uk soldier .  two men in grimsby , england , are arrested on suspicion of arson .  the english defence league , an anti-islam political group , marches in central londo .
 david chase finally reveals tony 's fate on 'sopranos ' <sec> `` sopranos '' ending has long been debated .  fan sites have had in-depth theories .  the creator gave vox a simple repl .
 human to hero : tyson gay primed for olympic challenge <sec> american sprinter tyson gay is looking forward to an injury-free olympic year .  gay won three gold medals at the 2007 world championships in osaka .  he is looking to make first olympic final after struggling for fitness at beijing in 2008 .  his heroes include olympic champions maurice greene and jesse owen .
 apple maps flaw could be deadly , warn australian police <sec> apple maps places city of mildura in national park , 70 kilometers from actual location .  some motorists trying to reach mildura have had to be rescued from park by cops .  police : some motorists stranded in park for up to 24 hours without food or water .  apple 's map app widely criticized since release ; firm 's ceo has apologized for ap .
 penn state 's record sex offense reports spur federal inquiry <sec> penn state fielded 56 reports of sex offenses on campus in 2012 , report says .  many occurred before 2011 , and better training may have raise number , school says .  department of education officials will look into university 's title ix complianc .
 philip seymour hoffman did n't want 'trust fund kids ' <sec> hoffman told lawyer he `` did not like the idea of setting up a trust for his children '' .  the actor left his entire fortune to his girlfriend , who is the mother of his children .  the lawyer for his children recommends the will be accepted by a judge .  hoffman died of a heroin overdose in februar .
 ambani calls for younger leadership in india <sec> india 's richest man has called for a change in the country 's gerontocratic leadership .  ambani urged governmental reforms to meet its young population 's economic ambitions .  about 70 per cent of india 's 1.2bn people are under 3 .
 gimball : the flying robot that likes to crash <sec> introducing gimball , the flying robot that moves like a fly .  the machine features a protective cage that lets it bounce off surfaces .  includes a small in-built camera .  swiss scientists hope it will be used in search and rescue missions in the futur .
 hundreds of prisoners escape from afghan jail , nato says <sec> new : kandahar resident : `` impossible to call this system a government '' .  taliban claims 106 of the escapees were military commanders .  afghan president 's office calls jail break a `` disaster '' .  the taliban claims to have facilitated the prison break by digging a tunne .
 the top 10 heroes : taking the next step <sec> the annenberg foundation is focusing on supporting leaders in their philanthropy .  it customized a special training program for cnn heroes past and present .  `` the training gave us the confidence to know that we can take big leaps , '' one hero sai .
 nato intercepts russian military aircraft near latvia <sec> russian military aircraft are intercepted by nato jets .  nato says the military aircraft were n't on a flight plan .  russia is conducting military exercise .
 alonso pleads patience on f1 rule changes <sec> fernando alonso says drivers must be patient about formula one rule changes .  alonso says some drivers comments were `` hot-headed '' after the opening race in bahrain .  alonso led a ferrari one-two with felipe massi in season opene .
 29 killed , 126 wounded in iraq car bombings <sec> bombers strike in kirkuk , anbar province , baghdad .  no claim of responsibility for the baghdad attacks ; police point finger at al qaeda in iraq .  attacks came a day after federal , regional officials agreed to address disputed kirkuk areas .  iraqi government and kurdistan regional government are at odds over control of kirkuk provinc .
 two planes make emergency landings at dutch airport <sec> new : a klm and a delta plane make emergency landings in amsterdam .  the klm plane , en route to milan , had a possible technical issue and has been inspected .  delta says its plane , en route to mumbai , landed for `` precautionary measures .
 new debarge makes 'goodbye ' her hello <sec> kristinia debarge has a hit with `` goodbye , '' borrowed from '69 steam hit .  debarge is daughter of james debarge , of '80s r & b group debarge .  singer will be opening for britney spears on `` circus '' tou .
 nasa releases clearest videos yet of 1969 moonwalk <sec> new : nasa used company that specializes in restoring old hollywood films .  new : some images obtained from kinescopes found in nasa 's film vaults .  videos released just four days before the 40th anniversary of first moonwalk .  videos far superior to the initial dark , fuzzy images but far from cris .
 sun newspaper staff among eight arrested in police probe <sec> new : all eight are free after posting bail , police say .  rupert murdoch will continue to own and publish sun , an executive says .  the executive names the five sun employees who 've been arrested .  a police officer , a member of the military and a ministry of defence employee were also arreste .
 obama , turkish prime minister discuss civil war in syria <sec> president barack obama , prime minister recep tayyip erdogan talk to the media in washington .  the unrest in syria has persisted for more than two years , despite diplomatic efforts .  opposition group says fighting killed at least 63 people thursday .  obama says the geneva initiative looks promisin .
 biden apologizes to obama for marriage controversy - cnnpolitics.com <sec> senior officials say biden apologized to obama on wednesday .  obama responded that biden was speaking from the heart , they say .  biden 's weekend remarks spurred obama to announce his support for same-sex marriag .
 shia labeouf explains shia labeouf <sec> shia labeouf opened up about his past on `` ellen '' .  he explained some of his recent behavior as an `` existential crisis '' .  the actor said he 's had `` some hiccups , '' and `` some judgment error '' .  both his mom and a little jail time helped straighten him u .
 man pleads not guilty to stalking 'dancing with the stars ' contestant <sec> new : robert michael o'ryan ordered held on $ 220,000 bail in stalking case .  new : police find love letters , duct tape , zip ties in o'ryan 's car .  he allegedly told police that contestant shawn johnson was talking to him via esp .  o'ryan is ordered to have no contact with johnson or her famil .
 how 'napoleon dynamite ' becomes animated <sec> discussions on the `` napoleon dynamite '' animated series began two years ago .  `` mike scully was already a huge fan of the film , '' writer/director jared hess said .  `` we 're working hard to maintain the innocence that people responded to in the film , '' he sai .
 when all we can do is wait <sec> what can we do when there is no way to help ? .  a missing plane and a sinking ferry makes us want to try to '' do something '' .  if you know of ways to help , tweet us @ cnnimpac .
 opinion : how to slash college costs <sec> president obama is proposing steps to reduce costs of college .  richard vedder says more useful steps would include shortening college to three years .  he says the number of administrators has grown too much , other costs could be cut .  vedder : year-round schooling and online teaching would do much to reduce tuitio .
 bill would upend new airline fare advertising rule <sec> as of last week , airlines must highlight total fare , including fees and taxes .  the breakdown of fees and taxes can be shown elsewhere in an ad or online .  georgia congressman says he 'll file a bill to cancel the dot rul .
 clinton : time running out on climate change <sec> u.s. joins an effort to mobilize `` fast-start '' funding for developing counties . .  talks intended to agree a global limits on carbon emissions to replace kyoto .  u.s. president barack obama is expected to join the talks friday .  japan , eu pledge more than $ 20 billion in climate aid to developing nation .
 the big debate : do record labels have a future ? <sec> we take a look at the future of the music industry as record sales decline .  will myspace music venture between major labels save the industry ? .  what do you think ? .  post your views and we 'll publish the best .
 philly priest accused of raping altar boy <sec> da : robert brennan was investigated before .  he was not charged in that case due to statute of limitations , da says .  the archdiocese cooperated in the case , da say .
 alleged baath members confess in videos to iraq attacks <sec> iraqi officials air videos showing alleged confessions by baath party members .  men in videos say they helped in bombings that killed 160 last month .  some say government trying to discredit sunni muslims so they wo n't run for office .  u.s. general says remnants of baath party have teamed up with al qaeda in ira .
 china recalls bullet trains , slows down high-speed rail <sec> the recall involves 54 bullet trains made by the state-owned cnr corporation .  there is extra public scrutiny after a crash last month killed at least 40 people .  the chinese government is slowing down bullet trains in the aftermath .  premier wen jiabao is ordering safety inspections on high-speed line .
 opinion : bring voting into the digital age <sec> wendy weiser : supreme court 's arizona ruling points up need for voting modernization in u.s . .  court said congress , not states , regulates vote . .  motor voter act aimed to make it easier , she says .  she says registration must move to digital age , replacing paper system , admitting more voters .  weiser : some states already do this . .  we need national voting standard for election proces .
 russia starts cleanup after meteor strike <sec> state media : 50 still in hospital , one woman with a spinal injury flown to moscow .  witness says flash shone `` like 10 suns , '' felt shock wave pass through his body .  more than 4,000 buildings , mostly apartment blocks , were damaged , reports say .  divers find no trace of meteorite in a frozen lake near chelyabinsk , state media repor .
 attack on pakistan mosque kills 48 <sec> at least 50 people wounded in bombing of a shiite mosque .  the attack occurs just before friday prayer .
 argentina booed off after goalless draw <sec> argentina could only manage a 0-0 draw against colombia in santa fe in wednesday .  sergio batista 's side are second in group a on two points .  argentina face potential elimination from the tournament in the first roun .
 analyst : al qaeda affiliate in syria now best-equipped of the group <sec> al-nusra front could have as many as 10,000 fighters inside syria , analyst says .  concern about the group is at an all-time high .  the syrian civil war is expected to top the agenda at the g8 summit this week .  the meeting comes days after the u.s. said it will start arming syrian rebel .
 notre dame begins investigation of tower collapse death <sec> new : university , indiana osha will conduct investigation .  winds were blowing up to 51 mph at the time of the accident .  sullivan worked for the athletics department .  the hydraulic scissor lift he was standing on fell ove .
 radio leaks alleged talk between mexican drug lord and congressman <sec> w radio identifies the voices in the taped conversation as those of godoy and gomez .  the station does not say how it got the recording .  an official at the attorney general 's office says the voices in the tape are authentic .  godoy , a congressman , says the recording is part of a smear campaig .
 senate panel starts inquiry into cia interrogation program <sec> review will look at how cia concluded detainees knew valuable information .  inquiry to also look at whether coercive techniques yielded useful information .  cia director leon panetta vows to cooperate , tells staff goal is not to punish anyone .  senate review is expected to take about a year to complet .
 missteps , closed culture undermine confidence in military justice system <sec> the dearth of details from the military about the case is fueling afghan anger .  legal experts say the military needs to be more transparent with the case .  army staff sgt . .  robert bales faces charges of murder , attempted murder and assaul .
 opinion : why does huma abedin put up with weiner ? <sec> pepper schwartz : why did huma abedin stand by husband in new sexual scandal ? .  she says it 's likely a combination of things : her ambition for her husband , faith in marriage vows .  she says abedin may believe a woman stands by her man and wants to preserve her family .  schwartz : abedin may be in `` tending and befriending '' mode -- weiner does n't deserve he .
 mass graves found in tikrit <sec> a total of 47 bodies have been exhumed from two mass graves .  iraqis find mass graves inside presidential palace compound in tikrit .  isis claimed to have executed 1,700 iraqi soldiers captured outside camp speiche .
 cdc : lab tech may have been exposed to ebola <sec> cdc statement says the public is n't at risk .  exposure came inside secure lab , as material was transferred .  scientist has no symptoms , but will be monitored for 21 days .  others will also be assessed , the agency say .
 nigerians demand government # bringbackourgirls <sec> `` we mandate the federal government to bring back our daughters , '' musician says .  armed men herded the girls out of bed and forced them into trucks on april 14 .  the convoy of trucks disappears into the dense forest bordering cameroon .  angry parents accuse authorities of playing politics with the lives of their childre .
 11-a-side : the worst 11 misses <sec> we have compiled a list of 11 of the worst football misses .  scotland 's chris iwelumo missed a goal-scoring opportunity this weekend .  the list includes cristiano ronaldo , thierry henry and ryan giggs .  after a bad miss , peter van vossen 's name became code for failing to scor .
