 beijing set to take aim at 'weird buildings ' <sec> beijing authorities announce plans to place restrictions on new building designs , materials .  vice-mayoral announcement comes shortly after president xi jinping called for no more `` weird buildings '' .  architecture in chinese cities has become increasingly bold and outlandish .  experts are divided on the potential impact of the planned building ordinance .
 nfl takes good first step to protect players <sec> nfl commissioner roger goodell turns down appeals of bounty punishments .  new orleans saints coordinator had told players to target opponents for specific injuries .  bill bennett says such behavior goes way beyond the normal physicality of football .  he says goodell needs to respond to the evidence of harm from concussions in footbal .
 wake up and smell the freesia <sec> airlines and hotels use smell as a branding tool to create positive memories .  creating associations with a fragrance is a powerful way to enhance the brand .  starwood has been using smells since 2006 in its sheraton and westin hotel .
 musharraf : bhutto to blame for her assassination <sec> new : bhutto 's assassination was her own fault , says musharraf in interview .  new : he blamed her for standing up outside the safety of an armored car .  british police visit site of benazir bhutto 's assassination .  counter-terrorism officers are working alongside pakistani counterpart .
 charles taylor : lay preacher and feared warlord <sec> charles taylor found guilty by u.n. court of war crimes in sierra leone civil war .  he was a pivotal figure in liberian politics for decades .  he led country during bloody civil war that left 200,000 dead from 1989 .  british supermodel naomi campbell appeared as witness for prosecutio .
 mobs in durban , south africa , attack immigrants <sec> a charity group is preparing aid packages for those who want to return home .  the attacks have left 5 dead -- two immigrants and three south africans .  a 14-year-old boy is among those killed after a mob with machetes targeted foreigner .
 this week on marketplace middle east <sec> advanced expertise at affordable prices make jordan a world leader in medical tourism .  mme finds out how healthcare tourism is contributing to the country 's economy .  zaid al siksek , the man behind abu dhabi 's health authority , shares his views on healthcare investmen .
 dubai police chief : mossad should be 'ashamed ' over hamas killing <sec> new : dubai police chief `` 100 percent '' sure israeli intel unit is behind hamas slaying .  israel says only media reports link it to killing and there 's no reason to blame mossad .  leading hamas figure found dead in his dubai hotel on january 20 .  toxicology report found significant amounts of a drug used to relax muscle .
 north korean defector : 'i was kim jong il 's bodyguard ' <sec> lee young-guk was bodyguard to the late north korean leader kim jong il for ten years .  he remembers him as a man surrounded by terrified advisors .  lee was caught trying to escape in 1994 and sent to an infamous prison camp .  he says he fears the current north korean leader may be even worse than his fathe .
 9/11 workers approve settlement with new york city <sec> new : nj sen frank lautenberg praises deal , pledges work on long-term solution for workers .  deal paves way for city payout of at least $ 625 million to ground zero workers .  plaintiffs narrowly ok 'd deal , which required 95 percent of some 10,000 people to approve .  some plaintiffs signed onto the agreement to avoid continued litigatio .
 measles outbreak : blame anti-vaccine movement ( opinion ) <sec> the u.s. is experiencing the worst measles outbreak in 20 years .  jennifer shih : the anti-vaccine movement can be blamed for scaring parents .  she says widespread vaccination was responsible for eradicating measles years ago .  shih : choosing to not vaccinate your child is bad for your child and other childre .
 woman forced to leave family behind : my heart is still in gaza <sec> ghada ageel 's family begged her to leave gaza as tensions escalated .  `` the israeli government can undo plans and dreams in an instant , '' ageel says .  to israeli leaders : `` what do they think will become of ... children who endure such brutal attacks ? '' .  she believes netanyahu underestimates palestinians ' will to achieve freedom and right .
 south sudan , rebels reach cease-fire after weeks of fighting <sec> south sudan 's government and rebels agree on a cease-fire brokered by east african mediation group .  fighting broke out december 15 after rebels tried to stage a coup .  cease-fire calls for an end to all military operations and the protection of civilians .  unarmed group of monitors will be set up to ensure the agreement stick .
 man attacks new york police officers with a hatchet <sec> there 's no indication the attack is tied to radical islam , official says .  officials : new york police told to be on alert `` against random attacks '' .  the man rushed four police officers in queens , new york , police commissioner says .  two were hit ; the two who were n't shot at the attacker , who was killed , commissioner say .
 one jfk conspiracy theory that could be true <sec> since 1976 , dave perry has been researching john f. kennedy 's killing .  top conspiracy theories include the cia , the mob and then-vice president lyndon johnson .  event in pittsburgh drew oliver stone and hundreds of conspiracy theorists .  perry ca n't debunk a cia conspiracy theory ; many cia jfk documents still classifie .
 sony highlights mature games , cross-play at e3 <sec> sony introduced several new titles during e3 event monday night .  the company seeks more integration between playstation 3 and its handheld vita device .  sony also is heavily investing in cross-play , said jack tretto .
 actor gary busey hits pedestrian in malibu <sec> the actor was leaving a shopping center when he hit the woman .  he has appeared in movies such as `` the buddy holly story '' and `` lethal weapon .
 self-immolation reports spread through north africa <sec> new : mauritanian media say man praised bouazizi on facebook .  reports of self-immolation have come in from four countries .  foreignpolicy.com writer calls it arab world 's `` horrific new trend '' .  study found unemployment a risk facto .
 clinton cautiously hails north korea food aid deal <sec> clinton calls it a `` step in the right direction '' .  north korea agreed last week to halt missile tests and nuclear activities .  the deal is in exchange for food aid from the united states .  south korea 's foreign minister says it 's a `` meaningful first step .
 test pilot 's workplace a cold , harsh environment <sec> experimental craft spaceshiptwo broke up at 45,000 feet , amid cold , thin air .  at such altitudes , pilots can pass out in seconds from lack of oxygen .  test pilots think about such contingencies but launch with minimal safety gea .
 hurricane arthur makes landfall in north carolina <sec> arthur made landfall near cape lookout at about 11:15 p.m . .  hurricane arthur became a category 2 storm thursday night .  cnn meteorologist says most dangerous part of the storm is hugging the coast .  resident who lives 34 miles offshore says waves have been 35 feet hig .
 review of government response to hostage-taking sought - cnnpolitics.com <sec> president obama orders a review of how the government handles hostage cases .  isis has released three videos showing beheadings of americans .  the mother of james foley said she was `` appalled '' by u.s. respons .
 hot air balloon crash in new zealand kills 11 <sec> new : victims are all from the wellington area .  new : eyewitnesses report the balloon hit a power line .  everyone aboard , the pilot and 10 passengers , died .  the balloon went down near the town of carterto .
 judge : limit preaching at iowa state fair to two spots <sec> jason powell was ejected from iowa state fair for preaching on public sidewalk .  lawsuit claimed powell 's first and 14th amendment rights were violated .  if powell returns to the fair , he must stay in one of two spots away from main gat .
 10 best free bar snacks in the u.s . <sec> leave the contaminated nut dish alone , these are the bar freebies you want .  free truffle arancini , anyone ? .  new york 's dovetail serves this dainty snack on a wooden cheese board .  milwaukee 's aj bomber 's `` p-nut delivery system '' shoots legumes around the bar via overhead zip lin .
 what iran talks mean for isis fight ( opinion ) <sec> jim mcdermott and kate gould : diplomacy in iran nuclear talks a sprint , not a marathon .  breakthrough could help stabilize the middle east , authors say .  progress on deal also could reduce bloodletting in syria , they writ .
 opinion : should marine be in mexican prison ? <sec> a marine is in prison after driving into tijuana with guns in his truck , illegal in mexico .  danny cevallos : penalties severe for entering mexico illegally and breaking its gun law .  cevallos : many are rooting for him : would they if he were n't a sympathetic character ? .  cevallos : maybe mexico wo n't prosecute , or u.s. pressure will get him release .
 opinion : how iran is pushing u.s. aside in iraq <sec> writers : iran , russia aid to iraq imperils u.s. call for al-maliki to make iraq government inclusive .  thus al-maliki is less likely to leave or to stop shunning sunnis , they say .  they say iran helps al-maliki return `` worst of the worst '' to key positions to oppress sunnis .  writers : tehran will see reforms u.s. wants as limits on iranian influenc .
 notorious drug trafficker arrested , mexico says <sec> teodoro `` el teo '' garcia simental one of mexico 's most wanted , it says .  garcia simental is accused of more than 300 murders .  he is accused of disposing of body parts by dipping them in acid , police sa .
 opinion : 'wicked ' author : royal baby stands for hope <sec> gregory maguire : in uk , parliament is government , queen is 'state ' -- concern for subjects .  he says with fractious u.s. government , an eminent figurehead starts to look practical .  he says much wrong about monarchy , but it does show a nation 's continuity , cooperation .  maguire : will and kate 's new baby makes immediate claim on nation 's hope for its futur .
 cleveland family 'hoping for a miracle ' <sec> police questioning of brothers yields no leads in summers ' disappearance .  ashley summers was just like two of three women held in captivity for a decade .  she and the two women went missing as teens within five blocks of each other .  summers family is `` hoping for a miracle '' that the investigation will yield clue .
 holbrooke : if pakistan taliban leader were alive , he 'd be on tv <sec> richard holbrooke : `` it 's clear '' pakistani taliban leader baitullah mehsud is dead .  mehsud would be on tv and radio if he were alive , u.s. envoy says .  taliban has given conflicting reports about whether mehsud killed in missile strike .  one taliban spokesman says mehsud is ill and will reappear when he feels bette .
 bangladesh urges bank founder to quit <sec> grameen bank founder refuses to step down .  yunus , a nobel laureate , is recent target of lawsuits .  state official says yunus is too old to remain managing directo .
 overpopulation could be people , planet problem <sec> india on path to become most populous country .  overpopulation will tax water supplies worldwide .  largest population growths occurring in developing nation .
 ebola victim improving , wife says <sec> dr. rick sacra , an american missionary doctor , was infected in liberia .  he 's being treated at omaha 's nebraska medical center .  sarca is the third american to return home for treatmen .
 san diego fiance 's body id 'd after his girlfriend , brother slain <sec> authorities identify decomposed body as a missing san diego .  gianni belvedere , 24 , was engaged to ilona flint , 22 , who was fatally shot .  flint 's body was found in a car with her fiance 's brother , also fatally shot .  what some speculated as a love triangle has now become a triple homicid .
 grandson finds grandfather 's killer after more than 40 years <sec> frank dryman was convicted of killing clarence pellett on a roadside in 1951 .  dryman was entenced to life in prison , then paroled in 1969 , and disappeared .  pellett 's grandson worked montana authorities and found him in arizona .  dryman was arrested tuesday and awaits extradition to montan .
 iran nuclear talks : 'tricky issues ' remain , kerry says <sec> china 's foreign minister says `` marathon-like negotiations have reached their final stage '' .  secretary of state john kerry : `` we are working with a view to get something done '' .  potential snags to talks include how quickly sanctions on iran would be lifte .
 preview six songs from lady gaga 's 'born this way ' <sec> `` judas , '' a classic gaga pop banger , is scheduled as the second single from the album .  `` edge of glory '' is a massive power ballad with heavy club beats .  `` hair '' is about embracing one 's hairstyle as the ultimate expression of their identit .
 this week on marketplace middle east <sec> the volcanic ash from iceland is causing havoc in europe -- and further afield .  dubai airlines are financially well off and do their best to keep stranded passengers happy .  stranded passengers in dubai go shopping , skiing , or poolside .  plus , hamid al zayani , managing director , midal cable .
 closeted anti-gays are the enemy within <sec> lz granderson : there 's a long list of anti-gay activists caught involved in pro-gay activity .  family research council 's george rekers hired a gay male escort for european trip .  granderson : blacks call someone who undermines their own community an `` uncle tom '' .  lgbt community needs a name for similar hypocrites , he says ; they are the enemy withi .
 comedy routine gives voice to speechless man <sec> born with cerebral palsy , lee ridley has been unable to speak since birth .  on stage he uses an ipad with a text-to-voice app .  the manager of ridley 's favorite football team praises his bravery .  lost voice guy invites his audience to laugh along with him at his own disabilit .
 turning cities into magical playgrounds <sec> helen marriage is co-director of artichoke , a creative company that stages big public street events .  the company 's newest project , a festival of illuminated art , is underway in the uk .  festival , called lumiere , seeks to help unite divided irish city of derry-londonderry .  marriage spoke to cnn at poptech , an annual conference in camden , main .
 meet the 'ncis : la ' star who won 'dancing ' in another country <sec> daniela ruah plays junior field agent kensi blye on `` ncis : los angeles '' .  her father is the former resident chief of otolaryngology at boston university hospital .  in her time off , ruah loves spending time with her dog , and decorating her new hom .
 mexico officers arrested , accused of ties to drug cartel <sec> those arrested include police officers , high-level state and federal officials .  zetas `` no . .  1 organization '' for narcotic-linked homicides , dea chief says .  zetas drug cartel considered nation 's most dangerous crime syndicat .
 czechs sign eu lisbon treaty as last obstacle falls <sec> czech president vaclav klaus signs eu 's lisbon treaty , paving way for major changes to way 27-nation bloc is run .  czech court removed the last political hurdle to treaty 's full ratification .  the lisbon treaty is meant to replace the eu constitution , which voters rejected in 2005 .  all member states have to ratify the treaty before it can be adopte .
 chelsea suffers champions league ko <sec> chelsea becomes first defending champion to exit competition at the group stage .  juventus secured a 1-0 at shakhtar donetsk to secure its place in next round .  celtic defeats spartak moscow 2-1 to claim second spot in group g .  lionel messi fails to score and leaves field with injury during barcelona 's draw with benfic .
 temple shooting dredges up memories of long history of bias crimes against sikhs <sec> mistaken for muslims because of their beards and turbans , sikhs have become targets .  the first person murdered in retaliation for 9/11 was a sikh .  the united states is home to about 700,000 sikhs .  fbi does n't specifically track bias crimes against the grou .
 soyuz crew endures severe g-forces on re-entry <sec> soyuz capsule lands hundreds of kilometers off-target .  capsule was carrying south korea 's first astronaut .  landing is second time soyuz capsule has gone awr .
 peek inside the world 's most expensive hotel rooms <sec> a rise in millionaires throughout the world has created a market for luxury suites .  these swank rooms can cost as much as $ 83,200 a night .  perks include everything from private nba-size courts to a bentley renta .
 police expand search for man who fell from plane off florida coast <sec> new : police identify man who fell from plane as a 42-year-old from key biscayne .  police expand search for man who fell or jumped from plane .  pilot : `` he opened the back door and he just fall down the plane '' .  police think it 's unlikely the man could have survive .
 orion 'nearly flawless ' in 2-orbit test flight <sec> orion splashes down 600 miles southwest of san diego .  new spacecraft orbits earth twice on its first test flight .  orion went father from earth than any craft designed for human since 1972 .  valve problems scrubbed orion test launch on thursda .
 megaupload files might still be saved <sec> companies have two weeks to save megaupload files , lawyer says .  announcement comes after feds said files might be deleted this week .  the file-sharing and storage site is accused of allowing piracy .  server companies are working to help users get megaupload files , lawyer say .
 racism row shines light on serbian football <sec> english fa launches racism complaint against serbia following under-21 match .  england 's danny rose claims he was racially abused throughout tuesday 's tie .  serbian fa denies that there were any occurrences of racism .  english pfa chairman clarke carlisle calls for serbia to be banned from international footbal .
 detroit man is beaten after neighbors say he raped teen <sec> the victim of the alleged rape is a 15-year-old girl with down syndrome .  a man was identified in a neighborhood flier that included his picture .  the man was beaten last week when he was spotted by residents .  detroit police say only that the investigation of the reported rape is ongoin .
 who 's who in the aaron hernandez trial ? <sec> jury selection for the aaron hernandez trial started back in january .  the jury began its deliberations on tuesday .  the case has a complicated cast of character .
 how to use cnn student news <sec> cnn student news is the day 's news for middle- and high-school students .  cnn student news airs daily on cnn headline news from 4:00-4:10 a.m. es .
 box office report : 'madagascar 3 ' earns $ 35.5m <sec> dreamworks ' $ 145 million effort `` madagascar 3 '' had a $ 60.3 million start .  worldwide , the 3-d film has grossed $ 278 million .  some claim `` rock of ages '' debut is a sign tom cruise may have lost his midas touc .
 borgata casino : poker champ phillip ivey won $ 9.6 million by cheating <sec> the borgata hotel casino & spa is suing poker champion phillip ivey jr . .  ivey cheated by exploiting defects on the back of the cards , the casino claims .  ivey won $ 9.6 million at baccarat in four months in 2012 , the lawsuit state .
 obama defends education spending hikes <sec> obama says more education spending is needed to spur future economic growth .  obama reiterates his call for reform , but also praises teachers .  the president appeared with former florida gov . .  jeb bush at a high school in miam .
 former star blames health issues on steroids , lifestyle of wrestler <sec> vince mcmahon : wwe has one of best drug-testing programs .  wrestling boss tells cnn that individuals bear responsibility for actions .  critics say wwe penalties for drug use are not harsh enough .  wrestlers still can get drugs if they have prescriptions from doctor .
 cantor challenger , dave brat , 'shocked ' as results rolled in <sec> upstart dave brat beat heavily favored incumbent eric cantor .  brat raised less than $ 300,000 compared to cantor 's $ 5 million .  challenger 's main argument was that cantor had turned his back on conservative principle .
 donations flow for arlington national cemetery wreaths <sec> wreaths across america placed 143,000 wreaths at arlington .  a late surge in donations allowed group to meet its goal .  school of the ozarks in missouri donated $ 5,000 .  nationwide , more than 500,000 wreaths were laid saturda .
 tips renew hopes of solving holloway case <sec> aruban prosecutor says new evidence has surfaced in holloway case .  several new witnesses have come forward since televised interview .  holloway disappeared while on senior class trip to aruba in may 2005 .  have information ? .  call aruban prosecutor : 011-297-521-410 .
