 libya says nato causing humanitarian crisis <sec> new : european union to open benghazi office sunday .  four detained french citizens are released .  libyan official says the airstrikes limit the flow of food and fuel into the country .  nato says it struck libyan warships that have been targeting humanitarian ai .
 epl to introduce goal-line technology next season <sec> epl plans to introduce goal-line technology in time for the start of 2013/14 season .  european body uefa opposed to the use of technology in football .  four goal-line technology systems have been officially licensed by fifa .  glt was used for the first time at december 's club world cup in japa .
 russian report : 7 dead in 2 blasts in chechnya <sec> new : a second blast hits where an earlier one had killed two police officers .  new : five officers , a government official and a civilian are dead , ria novosti says .  the two blasts hit the chechen capital of grozny , the news agency say .
 forget your gadgets at 'digital detox ' camp <sec> a new summer camp invites adults to unplug .  at camp grounded , cell phones , computers and work talk are banned .  organizer : many `` know there 's something wrong '' with their tech relationship .  june camp in california is sold out , with others on the wa .
 new site shows the best of youtube 's worst <sec> zero views is a new website that scrapes the bottom of the youtube barrel .  the site 's videos remind us how disgusting or boring some people can be .  zero views gathers mundane clips that , as of their posting , had attracted no viewer .
 suspect in jill carroll kidnapping caught in iraq <sec> abu uthman suspected of masterminding jill carroll 's 2006 kidnapping .  uthman and another al qaeda in iraq suspect captured this month , military says .  carroll , a u.s. journalist , was abducted in 2006 but released unharmed weeks late .
 facebook nearly as large as u.s. population <sec> facebook announces it has 300 million users and has turned a profit .  that makes the social network roughly the size of the u.s. in population .  ceo writes facebook will be a `` strong independent service for the long term .
 justices reject new challenge to concealed-carry gun laws <sec> the supreme court let stand law requiring proof that a gun needs to be carried in public .  four gun owners appealed , saying the new jersey law violated their rights .  there are as many as 275 million guns in the united states , according to the justice departmen .
 8 getaways we wish we could afford <sec> serengeti house is so exclusive the parent company does n't list it on its website ( yet ) .  for the price of a house in some parts of the u.s. , four seasons will take you around the world .  you 'll have to take a charter plane to make it to the king pacific lodge in canad .
 2 south korean presidential hopefuls join forces against conservative candidate <sec> the south korean presidential election is due to take place next month .  a former human rights lawyer and an ex-software mogul agree to team up .  they aim to take on the governing saenuri party 's candidat .
 are sky-high property prices steering home buyers onto water ? <sec> ca n't afford to buy house ? .  how about living on a boat ? .  european cities offer stunning canals -- and potential homes .  life on the water is cheaper , but has hidden costs .  romantic image , but there are harsh realitie .
 'no evidence ' to back up rafael nadal 's hardcourt injury claims <sec> rafa nadal says atp `` worries too little about the players '' .  spaniard , who has returned to action after 7-month layoff , says hardcourt action should be reduced .  `` no convincing evidence ... that more players are becoming seriously injured , says sports scientist .  winter has sympathy for nadal but believes comments are more an expression of disappointmen .
 crews battle harsh weather trying to tow drilling unit to alaska harbor <sec> royal dutch shell had finished drilling for year , rig was being towed to seattle .  tug boat that was towing the rig lost engine power .  on sunday , tow lines separated and the rig moved toward an alaskan island .  two tugs are now towing rig away from land , but bad weather is hampering effort .
 wwii vet has ' got ta play until i 'm 100 ' <sec> 88-year-old outfielder for `` young viejos '' says it 's a miracle his team can still play .  tony snetro , 93 , says he plans to play until he 's 100 years old .  they have gathered enough men to make up two teams .  some players use a pinch runner once they make contact with the bal .
 women fight breast ironing through sex education <sec> breast ironing widespread in cameroon , says study .  the association of aunties is educating women about sexual health .  former victims are among those campaigning for the practice to be eradicated .  some mothers say they do n't know they are harming their daughter .
 driving out moderates in congress : is this what voters want ? <sec> many moderates in congress are either leaving office or being voted out .  the looming battle over the debt ceiling is an opportunity for a compromise that may not happen .  most americans have a negative view of congress and its inability to get things don .
 mayor puts personal tragedy aside to rebuild japanese city <sec> mayor of city in iwate prefecture lost wife in 2011 tsunami .  personal struggle to raise his sons and rebuild the city of rikuzentakata .  hopes that residents of city will stay , although 1,000 have lef .
 commentary : iran confronts rape , torture allegations <sec> hamid dabashi : rape and torture allegations being made in iran .  he says a prominent cleric and activist has accused security forces of wrongdoing .  the charges threaten the islamic republic 's standing within the faith , he says .  dabashi : iran needs to restore notion of muslims and non-muslims living in peac .
 guinea advances to afcon quarterfinals after drawing of lots <sec> guinea benefits from the luck of the 'draw ' at afcon .  guinea , not mali , makes the last eight after lots drawn .  they could n't be separated on head to head , goals scored and goal difference .  guinea faces ghana on sunda .
 pakistani cricketers jailed in betting scam <sec> the pakistan cricket board says it is a sad day for the game in pakistan .  relatives of the jailed cricketers protest their innocence .  butt and asif are jailed for 30 and 12 months respectively , amir for six months .  agent mazhar majeed is sentenced to two years and eight months in priso .
 at least one killed , 12 injured in double car bomb attack in somalia <sec> double car bombs explode near somali hotel .  at least one person is killed and up to a dozen wounde .
 house fails to override bush veto of child insurance bill <sec> bush `` pleased '' by defeat of `` misguided '' bill , says white house .  supporters fail by 13 votes to muster two-thirds majority to override bill .  supporters wanted $ 30 billion more than bush for five years of schip .  schip targets kids in gap between medicaid , private insuranc .
 clinton documents show 'west wing ' mindset <sec> newly released papers reveal unvarnished view of the clinton white house .  politics seemed to always play a role in decision-making .  do n't whine , advisers said after disastrous 1994 mid-term election .  one adviser urged more personal discipline from clinton and his tea .
 chinese hackers : no site is safe <sec> chinese hackers claim to have broken into pentagon 's system .  the hackers met with cnn on an island near a chinese naval hub .  hackers say beijing secretly pays them at times , something the government denies .  official : `` the chinese government does not do such a thing .
 typhoon neoguri whips okinawa with heavy wind and rain <sec> the wind is so loud , it 's hard to hear people in the same room , a cnn ireporter says .  at least 106,100 electric customers lose power on okinawa .  airport , schools and businesses are closed .  concerns remain about the damage the storm could do to rain-soaked kyush .
 exclusive : 'harry potter ' cast answers your questions <sec> 'harry potter ' cast members answer cnn ireporters ' questions .  ireporters posed video questions for daniel radcliffe and others ahead of new film .  emma watson on her favorite scene in new film `` the half-blood prince '' .  director david yates on how they create 'harry potter 's '' magical creature .
 amnesty : world 's leaders let protesters down in a tumultuous year <sec> amnesty international 's annual report on global human rights lauds the courage of protesters .  there has been a failure of leadership by the world 's politicians , says amnesty chief salil shetty .  the u.n. security council has failed to intervene to protect ordinary people , he says .  activists around the world helped make 2011 a `` truly tumultuous year , '' amnesty say .
 blackwater resuming operations in iraq <sec> state department spokesman : civilian convoys have resumed .  firm to resume full operations saturday , well-placed source says .  iraqi government had banned blackwater after sunday shooting .  company provides security for u.s. diplomatic corps in ira .
 knowing cholesterol numbers could ward off heart disease <sec> heart disease is leading cause of death of women in the united states .  expert : for middle-aged women , high cholesterol is the most important risk factor .  millions of americans get a diagnosis of high cholesterol every year .  cholesterol comes from two sources : your body and your foo .
 man utd complete signing of juan mata from chelsea <sec> manchester united confirm signing of juan mata for club record £37.1 million .  spanish international hoping to revitalize career after falling out of favor at mourinho 's chelsea .  mata : `` united is the perfect place for me and i am excited at the chance . '' .  moyes : `` i know our fans have admired juan for some time now . .
 judge allows forced feeding to resume on guantanamo detainee <sec> a federal judge says she has no choice in allowing forced feeding to resume .  'the court simply can not let ( the detainee ) die , ' the judge writes .  mohammed abu wa'el dhiab , 42 , a syrian , has been detained since 2002 arrest .  dhiab is 'swiftly deteriorating ' because he refuse to eat or drin .
 men who toppled ancient boulder get booted by boy scouts <sec> new : man seen toppling rock claims `` debilitating injuries '' from car crash in recent lawsuit .  boy scouts remove leaders recorded toppling an ancient stone in a utah park .  the men defended their actions , saying the rock was dangerously unstable .  state officials say men may have broken the law by defacing a state par .
 facebook adds civil union , domestic partnership to relationship statuses <sec> facebook has added `` in a civil union '' and `` in a domestic partnership '' to its list .  `` facebook has set a new standard of inclusion , '' glaad says .  several gay-rights groups met with the company to push for the change , glaad say .
 keepers of the internet face their greatest challenges ever <sec> icann is an international organization that governs the internet .  some have criticized icann for how it 's expanding the types of available domain names .  other initiatives , such as the .xxx domains for porn sites , have been controversial .  the internet is overseen by several organizations and has a checks-and-balances syste .
 mumbai : a city of celebration <sec> the caves of elephanta island are the backdrop for the elephanta festival .  ganesh chaturthi is the biggest and best-loved of all mumbai 's festivals .  for mumbai 's fishermen , nariyal purnima means the end of the monsoon .  janmashtami is marked teams of youngsters forming human pyramid .
 report : ammunition depot explosion kills at least 40 in syria <sec> new : u.n. chemical weapon inspectors will investigate two 'confidential ' locations in syria .  syrian observatory for human rights says the death toll may rise .  the blast occurred in the wadi aldahab neighborhood in homs , the group says .  it says the explosion happened after shells fell on pro-regime parts of the cit .
 hong kong takes internet speed title <sec> hong kong fastest for peak connection speeds , past 50 mbps .  south korea , japan also lead global rankings compiled by akama .
 opinion : parents , 'slenderman ' and more lurk online <sec> james steyer : until 12-year-old 's stabbing , not many parents knew about `` slenderman '' .  steyer : internet is a super peer that guides kids ' development , informs sense of what 's normal .  he says media can offer good or bad role models and amplify problems in at-risk kids .  steyer : parents are key to combating negative media : engage with your childre .
 rail plans bring fractured europe closer together <sec> eurotunnel shuttles 400 trains a day through the channel tunnel on average .  gounon said the company negotiated with britain and france to expand its footprint .  last year , the paris-based company launched a ferry service called myferrylink for large vehicles and passenger .
 veteran haas upsets federer to win halle title <sec> tommy haas wins atp title at halle in germany .  haas beats five-time halle champion roger federer in the final .  13th atp career title for the 34-year-old german .  top seed rafael nadal went out earlier in the tournamen .
 tax credits at heart of mccain 's health care proposal <sec> new : sen. clinton says plan would mean millions would lose job-based coverage .  mccain proposes tax credits to help buy health insurance .  individuals would get $ 2,500 , families up to $ 5,000 , under mccain 's plan .  tax credits would not significantly cover family 's health care costs , critics sa .
 marine general : freed iraqis not rejoining insurgency <sec> more than 1,000 freed detainees reportedly keep pledge not to rejoin insurgency .  u.s. general tries to reassure sunnis that detainees face no abuse .  more than 80 percent of detainees are sunnis .  u.s. airstrike kills 13 suspected terrorists west of baghda .
 jesse matthew charged in hannah graham slaying <sec> jesse matthew jr. is charged with first-degree murder , a prosecutor says .  university of virginia student hannah graham went missing in septembe .
 wasserman schultz walks back from walker comments <sec> rep. debbie wasserman schultz : i `` should n't have used the words i used '' .  earlier , she said wisconsin gov . .  scott walker `` has given women the back of his hand '' .  but she says her comments `` should n't detract '' from walker 's policies that hurt women .  wisconsin rep. gwen moore defends wasserman schult .
 carlo ancelotti : chelsea 's new manager <sec> london football club chelsea appoint carlo ancelotti as their new manager .  ancelotti has been in charge of italian giants ac milan for the past eight years .  as a manager , ancelotti has enjoyed multiple italian and european successes .  the italian previously represented his country as a player , scoring one goa .
 snooki spin-off : 6-pound 'guido ' <sec> `` he 's my world ! '' .  snooki tweets after giving birth to son .  lorenzo dominic lavalle weighs 6 pounds , 5 ounces at birth , snooki 's rep says .  the last months of her pregnancy will be in the next season of mtv 's `` jersey shore '' .  she revealed she was pregnant and engaged to the baby 's father in marc .
 former israeli intelligence chief to netanyahu : do n't attack iran <sec> meir dagan is the former head of israel 's mossad .  he says an attack on iran to stop iran 's nuclear program would provoke a regional war .  an attack would leave israel with an `` impossible '' challenge , he says .  israeli prime minister netanyahu has maintained all options should be considere .
 authors ' guild sues universities over book digitization project <sec> university libraries partnered with google to get their book digitization efforts off the ground .  authors object to unauthorized scan and storage of works in a single archive .  `` these are n't orphaned books , they 're abducted books , '' executive director say .
 tsunami caused tens of millions of dollars in damage in hawaii <sec> hawaii 's governor says he will tour damaged areas .  governor is seeking federal funds to help rebuil .
 christian doctors ' group protests rolling back 'conscience ' rule <sec> christian doctors group says impending rollback of conscience rule is discriminatory .  rule lets health care providers refuse to provide services they 're morally against .  `` 'right of conscience ' is under attack , '' one doctor says .  supporter says obama is putting `` good health care above ideological demands .
 all you can eat : going wild in denmark 's gastronomy paradise <sec> dragsholm castle is at the forefront of denmark 's world acclaimed nordic natural cuisine revolution .  foraging safaris take guests on ingredient gathering expeditions around the 800-year-old building .  former noma chef claus henriksen forages his ingredients for the castle 's two restaurants from the are .
 obama begins asia tour with reassurance to japan <sec> president obama says a set of disputed islands fall under a u.s.-japanese treaty .  he makes the comments to japanese paper ahead of a visit to asia .  china disputes his assertion , saying the u.s. should `` respect the truth .
 at least 13 injured in times square bus collision <sec> at least 13 people were injured when two tour buses collided in new york 's times square .  one of the injuries was serious ; none were considered life threatening .  witness : `` i thought people were going to die .
 u.s. marine accused of raping teen in okinawa <sec> marine , 38 , arrested after report of the rape .  previous cases against u.s. troops have triggered protests by okinawans .  in 1995 , three servicemen were found guilty of raping an okinawan schoolgir .
 protests near u.s. embassy in cairo continue after obama warning <sec> new : protests in front of u.s. embassy in cairo continue into friday .  obama 's `` ally '' statement puts egypt on notice to stem embassy violence , analyst says .  at least 224 injured in thursday clashes in cairo near u.s. embassy , state tv reports .  embassy attackers `` do not represent any of us , '' egyptian president say .
 obama trips part of state of the union warmup - cnnpolitics.com <sec> at ftc , obama will lay out proposals and executive action on identity theft , internet privacy and technology in schools .  in iowa , he will focus on increasing access to high-speed broadband across the country .  he already has announced proposals during trips to michigan , arizona and tennesse .
 survivors recount narrow escape from deadly peshawar market bombing <sec> explosion hits bustling marketplace in peshawar killing at least 100 people .  10 children among those killed at meena bazaar .  more than 200 people injured in the blast which left a 10-foot-wide crater .  incident comes as u.s. secretary of state hillary clinton visits islamaba .
 'taylor the tailor ' helps celebs dress for success <sec> ryan taylor finds a niche in the apparel market with custom fittings .  `` taylor the tailor '' starts with a small loan and a failed booth at a trade show .  he now has 1,300 clients , among them al pacino , jay leno and other celebrities .  the vast majority of clients earn a living on main street , he say .
 more foreign troop deaths in afghanistan <sec> 14 foreign troops have died in the past two days .  isaf has n't announced the nationalities of the victim .
 rafael nadal forced to withdraw from london olympics <sec> reigning champion nadal forced out of london games by ongoing knee problem .  tennis star was due to carry spain 's flag at opening ceremony .  wimbledon organizer 's new tournament dates from 201 .
 leaders of u.s. catholic nuns to address vatican reprimand about 'radical ' feminism <sec> leaders of a group representing 80 % of u.s. catholic nuns will meet this week .  they will address a report by the vatican that denounces group 's `` radical feminist themes '' .  the vatican wants major reforms from the american nuns ' group .  it 'll be an `` important crossroads moments '' as nuns respond to vatican `` crackdown , '' analyst say .
 new aid ship will try to reach gaza , organizer says <sec> new : ship should take about three days to reach gaza .  israel says it will not let ship reach gaza , calling it `` a provocation '' .  activists on boat will not resist if boarded , organizer says .  israeli defense minister : we will allow goods into gaza if ship docks elsewher .
 woman bulks up uncontrollably <sec> sally massagee 's muscles began growing out of control .  basic activities like walking and standing soon became unbearable .  in 2008 , she was accepted into national institutes of health 's undiagnosed diseases progra .
 tunisian opposition leader shot dead outside his home <sec> new : u.n. says `` this heinous must not ... derail the progress '' toward democracy in tunisia .  the slaying of mohammed al-brahmi sets off protests in capital , state-run tv reports .  al-brahmi is the second tunisian opposition leader to be killed in five months .  labor union calls for general strike frida .
