 thinking about being the 'other woman ? ' <sec> woman rarely come out ahead after having affair with married men , columnist says .  espn fired steve phillips and brooke hundley 's reputation is shot after affair .  writer says women should realize men rarely cheat just once .  quotes web site saying 3 percent of cheaters wed , 3 percent of those marriages surviv .
 brownlee brothers take triathlon by storm <sec> alistair brownlee wins gold in the men 's triathlon at the london olympics .  his brother jonny finishes third with spain 's javier gomez taking the silver .  alistair takes one hour 45 minutes and 23 seconds to complete course .  britain take gold in team dressage event to beat their tally from beijin .
 paris : a seasonal guide <sec> the biggest date in the calendar is 14 july , which celebrates the french revolution .  from july to august , sun worshippers can bathe on beaches on the riverbank .  style gurus migrate to the city twice a year to take part in fashion week .  in winter , ice skate in front of the hotel de ville for the ultimate romantic momen .
 new twist in native american child custody dispute <sec> top oklahoma court issues stay of transfer of girl from father to adoptive parents .  dusten brown fights to keep daughter even though u.s. supreme court ruled adoption was proper .  brown is member of cherokee tribe and has based legal case on native american la .
 obama , you wo n't win a war with congress ( opinion ) <sec> newt gingrich : president obama may take steps that would inflame gop in congress .  he says executive action on immigration , coal industry regulations would be confrontational .  gingrich : obama should study career of woodrow wilson , who fought and lost vs. congres .
 nazi victim : can people without a soul be punished ? <sec> a holocaust survivor is n't convinced nazi hunting is worth it .  her children , and a decades-long nazi hunter , say justice must be served .  meantime , the deportation case of alleged nazi criminal , john demjanjuk , continues .  tuesday marks holocaust remembrance da .
 from cars to tvs , apps are spreading to the real world <sec> apple 's 'apps store ' has become hugely successful and mimicked by others .  away from hand-held gadgets , apps being developed for cars and tv set-top boxes .  such apps could be accessed through home computers or smart phone .
 kanye west tour derailed by truck crash <sec> kanye 's video truss and 60-foot circular led screen were damaged `` beyond repair '' .  it 's `` impossible '' for west to perform until a new screen is made , spokesman says .  shows in vancouver , denver and minneapolis are postpone .
 nationwide meat recall announced <sec> new : wal-mart says products immediately were pulled from shelves .  the recalled meat products were sold at wal-marts nationwide .  the meat products were produced from mid-june through early july .  listeriosis is an uncommon , but potentially fatal diseas .
 barack obama 's indonesian connection <sec> u.s. president barack obama lived in indonesia from 1968-1971 .  he will be in jakarta as part of a 10-day asian tour to boost trade , ties .  obama is expected to finalize a comprehensive partnership with indonesi .
 rooney apologizes to fans after contract dispute <sec> wayne rooney says he is `` delighted '' he stayed at the club .  he said in october he wanted to leave manchester united .  he changed his mind after a meeting with club bosse .
 fact check : mccain earmark claims examined <sec> mccain has railed against politicians requesting earmarks .  watchdog group says obama requested nearly half a billion in earmarks .  obama campaign says sarah palin is also a player in earmark game .  watchdog group : palin took nearly $ 450 million in earmarks as governo .
 paraguayan presidential candidate killed in helicopter crash <sec> retired gen. lino oviedo dies in a helicopter crash , along with his bodyguard and a pilot .  authorities are investigating what caused the crash .  one party official says in a radio interview that he suspects foul play .  paraguay 's president declares three days of national mourning in honor of ovied .
 whistle-blower : contractor mischief in kabul 'over the top ' <sec> terry pearson is back in england after allegedly witnessing guard misconduct .  pearson resigned from r.a. international at camp sullivan in afghanistan .  14 guards were fired after allegations of abuse , sexual activity and intimidation .  armorgroup and u.s. officials are investigatin .
 united states concerned about myanmar-north korea military ties <sec> the united states has concerns about myanmar-north korea military ties .  north korea may be helping myanmar develop a nuclear program .  myanmar may have received a shipment of arms from north kore .
 treve defies the odds to land back to back triumphs <sec> french-trained treve wins prix de l'arc de triomphe .  first horse in 40 years to win back to back arcs .  11-1 shot treve given perfect ride by jockey thierry jarnet .  japanese challenge never materialize .
 why must the nation grieve with god ? <sec> lawrence krauss : the horrific shootings in newtown were a senseless massacre .  he says the nation grieves with the families in newtown who experienced tremendous loss .  krauss : why should the framework of national grief be focused on religious faith ? .  he says clergy , asked by media for comment , have often fallen shor .
 rep. trey radel to take leave of absence , donate salary <sec> `` i have no excuse for what i have done , '' radel says .  he says he grew up with a mom who struggled with alcoholism .  he pleads guilty to misdemeanor cocaine possession , gets a year of probation .  authorities say he bought 3.5 grams of cocaine from an undercover officer last mont .
 libya questions u.s. ambassador over al libi capture <sec> libya 's general national congress demands return of al libi , spokesman says .  meeting between libyan , u.s. officials `` cordial , '' state department officials say .  200 u.s. marines go to an italian naval base , poised to fly to libya , if needed .  american forces captured al libi over weekend in tripoli , transferred him out of liby .
 newark mayor says he 's not a hero after daring rescue of his neighbor <sec> cory booker is quickly dubbed `` super mayor '' as word of his heroic rescue spreads .  he insists he was not heroic but did `` what most neighbors would do '' .  `` i felt like i was delivered from the fires of hell , '' booker says .  zina hodge , 47 , is in serious conditio .
 romney trails in states with personal ties <sec> mitt romney might not win michigan , where he was born .  he is well behind in massachusetts , where he served as governor .  romney has many plausible paths to victory without those states .  james k. polk in 1844 lost his birth and home states but won the presidenc .
 key senator plans to lambast blackwater actions in afghanistan <sec> sen. carl levin , d-michigan , is the chairman of the armed services committee .  in prepared text , he sharply criticizes private contractors that worked for blackwater .  levin cites two shooting incidents and lax control over weapons .  he says contractors play key role in perception of u.s. military by afghan peopl .
 traffic accident kills 17 in afghanistan <sec> nine others were injured in the crash in nangarhar province , a government spokesman says .  in kandahar province , four police officers died when their patrol hit a roadside bomb .  a district governor was killed when his motorbike hit a bomb in the same provinc .
 number of underage immigrants on their own in u.s. triples in 5 years <sec> most undocumented immigrant children without parents in the u.s. came from mexico .  the official statistics may represent just a fraction of the total number .  when apprehended , such children go into a network of caregiver .
 yankees help haitian refugee children with hope <sec> a group of haitian children are surprised with a trip to a yankee ball game .  derek jeter and joe girardi are among those who greet them .  afterward , team members take them on a tour of new york cit .
 rescuers search for survivors of ghana store collapse <sec> rescue workers continue the search for survivors trapped under the rubble .  at least four people died after the six-story building collapsed wednesday .  about 48 survivors have been pulled from the ruins , but more are feared trapped .  ghana 's president says anyone guilty of negligence will be held accountabl .
 laguardia runway reopens after flight skids off it <sec> laguardia airport 's runway 13 reopens after plane removed .  passenger : airplane skidded for about 20 seconds before stopping feet from water .  fire department reports 24 non-life-threatening injuries , three headed to area hospital .
 taliban attack military convoy , kill 14 <sec> insurgents strike a military convoy in northern afghanistan and kill 14 people , officials say .  200 taliban fighters attack 180 afghan forces in a remote part of sar-e-pul province .  taliban capture six soldiers , afghan forces kill 23 taliban in the fighting , officials say .  a suicide car bomb in wardak province kills 14 people , including nine civilian .
 button could join hamilton at mclaren <sec> jenson button has emerged as a contender to join lewis hamilton at mclaren .  button is out of contract with brawn at has yet to sign a new deal with them .  team principal martin whitmarsh refused to rule out a move for button .  button paid tribute to brawn 's staff at their headquarters in the united kingdo .
 fresh aftershock in japan rouses fear , kills 2 <sec> new : the yamagata and miyagi prefectural offices confirm one death each .  132 people are reported injured , police say .  the tsunami warning and advisories are lifted .  fukushima daiichi nuclear plant is evacuated after the quak .
 dad feels cheated on father 's day booty <sec> writer believes father 's day is not as respected as mother 's day .  says : we 're paying for the sins of our fathers , and our fathers ' fathers .  we deserve more than boxer shorts , soap-on-a-rope , and neckties .  plasma tv with 50-inch screen , built-in surround-sound speakers would be nic .
 skycall : the drone that 's your personal tour guide <sec> introducing skycall , the flying robot turned personal tour guide .  students at mit have been using drone to navigate maze-like campus .  quadrocopter is brainchild of mit scientists , hope to use technology in rescue mission .
 south african firm invests billions in u.s. energy future <sec> south african energy giant sasol building a gas-to-liquids plant in louisiana .  the technology will help it convert natural gas to transportation fuels .  project is one of the biggest investments from a non-u.s. company in american history .  critics warn the technology is not commercially viable if cost of the gas rises to the price of oi .
 three former vanderbilt football players in custody <sec> three former players are in custody facing rape charges , nashville police say .  a total of four former commodores were indicted friday on multiple sex-crime charges , police say .  the arrests come after an alleged assault that occurred in a university dormitory in june , police say .  one suspect , brandon banks , 19 , of brandywine , maryland , is still at larg .
 nearly killed in oil spill , dolphin now thriving <sec> `` louie '' the dolphin washed up on louisiana 's fourchon beach in september .  he was covered in oil , the result of the massive gulf oil spill five months earlier .  he learned to swim again at an aquatic center in new orleans .  he was transported to the dolphin research center in the florida key .
 small texas community stands by man who killed daughter 's alleged abuser <sec> texas sheriff says a man finds a man sexually abusing his 5-year-old daughter .  the father beats the man to death , then calls 911 , the sheriff 's office says .  neighbors say they believe the actions of the father were justified .  the father has not been charge .
 sweet success : building an empire from chocolate <sec> katrina markoff hopes to promote cross-cultural understanding using chocolate . .  her vosges chocolate includes exotic flavors like wasabi , curry and hungarian paprika . .  launched in 1998 , the brand is now sold in 2,000 outlets around the worl .
 iraqi parliament fails to reach deal on election law <sec> new election law will ensure that national elections take place january 16 .  biggest roadblock is how balloting should unfold in kirkuk , where kurds stake claim to land .  kurds regard kirkuk as part of kurdistan ; arabs and turkmen also lay claim to i .
 ex-girlfriend files suit , says alomar exposed her to aids <sec> ex-girlfriend says he denied having hiv/aids , had unprotected sex with her .  woman says alomar endangered her health by lying to her about disease .  court papers say tests in 2006 showed alomar had full-blown aids .  alomar 's representative says claims are part of `` frivolous lawsuit .
 official : 19 firefighters dead in arizona <sec> new : official : the firefighters were part of a crew tasked with digging a fire line .  `` evidently , their safety zone was n't big enough , and the fire just overtook them , '' he says .  a facebook page is created in the memory of the firefighters .  they were battling the yarnell hill fire , northwest of phoenix , on sunda .
 from smartwatch and smartpen ... to smartcheat ? <sec> high-tech gadgets can be used by students to cheat in exams .  examiners are trained to look for leads and hidden electronic equipment .  some devices can not be spotted , such as `` invisible '' bluetooth earpieces .  teachers could become redundant , some argue , because of technolog .
 iran nuclear deal shows hawks that diplomacy actually works <sec> the iran deal is progress in the reconciliation between iran and the u.s , writes bryan r. gibson .  this is obama 's `` opening to china '' moment and he must seize it , he writes .  he says : when barack obama came to office there was hope he could achieve a breakthrough .  the election of rouhani in june 2013 has turned u.s.-iranian relations on its head , he write .
 why anonymous social networks are scary <sec> there 's a new resurgence in anonymous social networks and messaging apps .  whisper and secret both have captured the attention of plugged-in techies .  but such apps may become full of hateful and defamatory gossip , steve kovach say .
 cnn student news - january 16 , 2015 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call . .  the weekly newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the new .
 domestic violence : how money is a weapon ( opinion ) <sec> thomas wilson : money is a weapon of choice for those engaging in domestic violence .  he says often women do n't have the funds or credit to escape abusive relationships .  business needs to be more supportive of victims of domestic violence , he says .  wilson : nfl stories have raised the topic , but we need to do more to bring it out of shadow .
 sydney : making the most of australia 's 'harbor city ' <sec> the sydney to hobart yacht race begins on boxing day .  almost 90 yachts will take part in the 628 nautical mile journey .  sydney is known for its beautiful waterways .  visitors can eat , drink and play along the waters edg .
 navy names ship after labor activist cesar chavez <sec> navy officials named the ship in an official ceremony in san diego .  u.s. navy secretary : chavez 's `` example will live on in this great ship '' .  one congressman criticizes the choice , while a senator praises it .  several latinos say they 're pleased by the decisio .
 michelle obama : anniversary debate double date is n't ideal <sec> obamas will spend 20th wedding anniversary with the romneys ... at debate .  `` barack does n't have a big ego , '' michelle obama says .  family , she said , is `` at the core of this country '' .  election `` could n't be more important for women '' regarding decisions for `` our bodies .
 package addressed to sheriff could have caused 'major explosion ' <sec> new : `` all i know is i 'm going to keep being the sheriff , '' arpaio says .  maricopa county sheriff joe arpaio has staunch supporters and fierce critics .  his anti-immigration policies have led to accusations of civil rights violations .  arpaio won his sixth term in november and told supporters he will run again in 201 .
 ukraine begins military offensive as cease-fire ends <sec> interior minister says militants have attacked police hq , causing police casualties .  putin says he tried to persuade poroshenko to resolve crisis through peaceful means .  speaker tells parliament that ukraine military has restarted operation against militants .  poroshenko declares an end to a unilateral cease-fire with pro-russian separatist .
 uk couple defend son 's assisted suicide at swiss clinic <sec> young rugby player , paralyzed after accident , commits suicide in switzerland .  police interview man and woman about the death of daniel james , 23 .  it is illegal in uk and much of europe to assist with suicide .  assisted suicide is legal in switzerland , netherlands , belgium , luxembour .
 the risks of america 's asia strategy <sec> america is rightly focusing on asia but it must recognize the risks , says andre billo .  he says asian nations fear china 's power but appreciate its investments .  u.s. is seen by these countries as a security counterweight to china , he says .  billo : u.s. must guard against risk of an incident being escalated into wa .
 iraq : bp , chinese win lucrative oil contract <sec> iraq awards lucrative oil contract to bp , china national petroleum corporation .  the joint bp-cnpc bid was for the giant al-rumeila oil field .  energy companies expected to increase production at the field by 50 percen .
 sean penn played a role in hikers ' release from iran <sec> reuters : penn flew to venezuela to speak to chavez about the american hikers .  penn 's rep confirms the report but declines to give additional details .  chavez was part of the mediation process , state media say .
 tymoshenko refuses to concede defeat in ukraine election <sec> tymoshenko refuses to concede defeat in ukraine 's presidential election .  former pm victor yanukovich tells cnn it is time for her to give up .  with 98 percent of ballots processed , yanukovich had 48.94 percent .  current ukraine pm yulia tymoshenko has 45.48 percen .
 bad weather lays crown at hirscher 's door <sec> marcel hirscher set for second straight world cup after bad weather cancels races again .  norway 's aksel lund svindal withdraws from sunday 's slalom after cancellation of super g .  women 's cancellation hands slovenia 's tina maze third crystal globe of seaso .
 mount etna rumbles , sending lava down its side <sec> etna is one of the most active volcanoes in the world .  it started rumbling tuesday and spewed lava wednesday .  it does n't yet appear to be threatening peopl .
 children work with weapons to aid libya 's rebels <sec> nasser spends most of his time now in the yard of a weapons workshop .  libyan rebels say they can use all the help they can get .  with schools closed by the fighting , young people have little to d .
 syria 's conflict stirs up old rivalries in lebanon <sec> syria 's conflict has spilled into lebanon , where clashes killed 9 in tripoli and beirut .  lebanon strongly influenced by syria both politically and militarily since independence in 1943 .  there is evidence syrian rebels are receiving arms smuggled across the lebanese border .  many believe syria 's regime is stirring up violence in lebanon to distract from their own conflic .
 could immigration cause another government shutdown ? - cnnpolitics.com <sec> reid has privately conveyed concerns to the white house .  republicans are debating how to confront obama over immigration .  some gop lawmakers say leaders should n't rule out a shutdown .  boehner told gop he does n't want a shutdow .
 the devil 's in the details : what else is in obama 's budget ? <sec> the president 's budget for fiscal year 2015 adds up to $ 3.9 trillion .  mental health , aids prevention , unemployment benefits addressed .  some programs , including abstinence education , received no fundin .
 federer happy to be home as race for year-end no . 1 heats up <sec> defending champion roger federer wins opening match at swiss indoors event .  federer beats late replacement benjamin becker to reach second round .  swiss star is battling with novak djokovic for year-end no . .  1 ranking .  women 's season-ending tournament will start in istanbul on tuesda .
 officials : record number of muslims to participate in hajj <sec> saudi official says number of pilgrims this year is the highest ever recorded .  hajj is an annual pilgrimage that lasts about five days .  interior minister prince nayef bin abdul aziz overseeing even .
 new zealand airport , airline unveil incredible odes to `` the hobbit '' <sec> wellington international airport unveils sculpture of `` great eagles '' from `` the hobbit : the desolation of smaug '' .  air new zealand unveils its own ode to the film -- a new livery featuring the dragon smaug .  all three films in the `` hobbit '' trilogy were shot in new zealan .
