 despite risks , iraqis turn out to vote <sec> new : obama congratulates iraqis , mourns loss of life , praises overall security level .  polls close in iraq ; results expected by wednesday , u.n. says .  `` it 's an opportunity we ca n't miss , '' one iraqi voter says .  militants carry out attacks as iraqis head to polls ; dozens kille .
 norway suspect claims he planned attacks on other targets , police say <sec> breivik has told interrogators he planned to attack more targets .  the new information emerged during a 10-hour interrogation session friday .  police have not revealed the other potential targets named by breivik .  he is charged over a bombing in oslo and shooting rampage on an island on july 2 .
 white house : obama talks with netanyahu on iran , no meeting sought - cnnpolitics.com <sec> two leaders talk by phone about iran nuclear program .  earlier reports said white house rejected in-person meeting .  obama administration says that is not the cas .
 2015 : try the power of radical empathy ( opinion ) <sec> eric liu recalls words of civil rights worker before he was shot by kkk gunman .  michael schwerner told his killer : 'i know just how you feel ' .  liu says we should look to empathy as we confront today 's divide .
 wendy davis violated election law , gop opponent alleges <sec> greg abbott 's campaign manager files complaint with state ethics board .  davis traveled to new york on campaign 's dime for fundraiser and to promote book .  her campaign says it 's on the level , but abbott 's campaign is calling the actions illega .
 weirdly warm , dry winters lead black bears to halt hibernation <sec> black bears in the sierra nevadas typically `` den '' from december through early spring .  but some emerge from hibernation early in what 's been called a `` disastrous winter '' .  such bears live near places they can root through garbage ; `` wild bears '' are n't affected yet .  official : it 's also been unusually warm in alaska , but bears there so far have stayed pu .
 another wig , another court date for amanda bynes <sec> amanda bynes ' court appearance was brief tuesday .  the actress faces three misdemeanor charges related to an alleged bong incident .  bynes tweeted the police charges are `` all lies .
 romney trip begins in shambles <sec> mitt romney 's comments in london draw criticism from the british press .  # romneyshambles is trending on twitter on both sides of the atlantic .  romney disclosed a meeting with intelligence official usually kept quiet .  campaign tries to pivot from its misfortune to criticize obama on weak gd .
 hsbc 's 14,000 new layoffs : where will it end <sec> hsbc , europe 's largest bank , to lay off up to 14,000 staff between 2014 and 2016 .  staff cuts part of effort to save $ 2- $ 3 billion over next few years .  'hsbc terribly bloated ' says one executive search director .  wealth management jobs growing , investment banking in asia falling , says exper .
 opinion : do n't let baseball 's dopes spoil the game <sec> ryan braun suspended for the rest of the year by major league baseball .  mike downey says news of suspension comes in midst of a great season .  people want to focus on mariano rivera , chris davis , yasiel puig , downey says .  downey : baseball 's troubles with drugs are tiresome and distract from the gam .
 when are drone killings illegal ? <sec> o'connell : u.s. drone strikes have killed as many as 4,400 people since 2002 .  many drone attacks are occurring outside war zones , says o'connell .  those attacks have generally violated the right to life , she says .  o'connell : a legal argument against targeted killing requires international la .
 'queen of yachting ' captures sailing 's golden era on film <sec> eileeen ramsey began her professional career as a 22-year-old in 1937 .  she pioneered the water-level photography angle , now an industry standard .  her career took off in the 1950s and 1960s when sailing enjoyed a post-war explosion in britai .
 ex-foreign minister says she 's kyrgyzstan 's interim leader <sec> new : former foreign minister says she is in charge of interim government .  new : roza otunbayeva says president kurmanbek bakiev has been driven from office .  new : no independent confirmation of the claim was immediately available . .  at least 40 dead , 400 wounded in fighting in capital city , health agency say .
 zimbabweans found guilty of watching arab spring videos <sec> `` we are not deterred . .  we are not intimidated , '' rights activist says .  forty six people were arrested for watching a video on egypt and tunisia protests .  critics have called the charges politically motivated .  robert mugabe has ruled zimbabwe since 198 .
 pakistan is 'epicenter of islamic terrorism ' <sec> naturalized u.s. citizen of pakistani descent charged in times square bomb probe .  authorities say he received bomb training in pakistan 's waziristan region .  fareed zakaria says pakistan has encouraged islamic terrorist groups for decades .  zakaria : pakistani military sees militant groups as a weapon to prevent indian dominatio .
 mexican drug lord makes forbes ' billionaire list <sec> joaquin `` el chapo '' guzman loera reportedly heads sinaloa cartel in mexico .  magazine says guzman loera `` one of the biggest suppliers of cocaine to the u.s . '' .  he ranks 701st on forbes ' yearly report -- worth an estimated $ 1 billion .  mexico 's attorney general expresses outrage at forbes publicatio .
 'captured ! ! ! ' boston police announce marathon bombing suspect in custody <sec> 58 people remain hospitalized from monday 's bombings , according to a cnn tally .  `` captured ! ! ! .  the hunt is over '' police tweet after second suspect is in custody .  investigators find ''significant amount of homemade explosives , '' a police official says .  slain suspect was wearing explosives when he died , source tells cn .
 america missed out on getting to know jenni rivera <sec> damarys oca単a : we mourn the death of rising mexican-american star jenni rivera .  oca単a : she overcame strife to reach the top of a latin music genre dominated by men .  she was talented , down to earth and inspiring , oca単a writes .  oca単a : we mourn the lost opportunity to have latina tell her stor .
 prince harry to train as military pilot <sec> prince harry has qualified to train as a military helicopter pilot .  training course could take up to two-and-a-half-years .  harry spent time in afghanistan as a member of the household cavalr .
 iraq war was n't worth the cost <sec> president obama says withdrawal of u.s. troops from iraq is on track .  obama 's view is that the war was not worth the loss of lives , money , says fareed zakaria .  zakaria says costs outweighed the benefits of ousting saddam hussein .  he says iraq has n't yet had a genuine national reconciliation between key partie .
 singer george michael arrested in london <sec> singer george michael has been charged for possessing cannabis .  he was also charged for driving while unfit through drink or drugs .  it follows reports that he crashed his car into a shop in jul .
 ireland recalls pork products amid dioxin scare <sec> food scare in ireland after dioxins found in animal feed and pork fat samples .  government evaluating extent of contamination , risk only via prolonged exposure .  media : government says level of dioxins were 80 to 200 times above acceptable leve .
 andy murray starts life after lendl with win at miami masters <sec> andy murray starts new chapter of career with second round win over world no . .  67 .  scot says it 's been a `` hard few days '' after lendl split was announced on wednesday .  federer and djokovic also safely through to miami masters ' third round .  venus williams also a winner in the women 's draw but jelena jankovic crashes ou .
 friends catch 900-pound tuna <sec> gregg looney and some pals went fishing off the coast of massachusetts last week .  it took them three hours to reel in the huge bluefin .  the 9-foot-long fish sold for $ 4,00 .
 ceremony honors old , new joint chiefs chairmen <sec> adm. mike mullen honored as he steps down as joint chiefs chairman .  obama : `` our nation is more secure because of the service that you have rendered . '' .  mullen urges american to become more connected to military personnel .  army gen. marty dempsey is the new chairma .
 who are the british lions ? <sec> british and irish lions are selected from england , scotland , wales and ireland .  tours now take place every four years to australia , south africa and new zealand .  selection for the british lions is highly-coveted by leading rugby player .
 how an iranian musician took ancient poetry to the top of the billboard charts <sec> iranian musician hafez nazeri creates music that crosses cultures .  latest album has contributions from 38 grammy award winners .  album draws on ancient persian poetry by jalal ad-din muhammad rumi .  'i want to create a revolution with love , ' says nazer .
 planned malaysian attacks 'not isis-linked ' <sec> police : 19 people arrested on terrorism charges in malaysia not linked to isis .  they share a similar ideology with isis and other terrorist groups such as boko haram , police said .  the group , which has not been named , planned to attack bars around malaysia 's administrative capita .
 hu wraps up u.s. trip <sec> chinese leader ends visit with a stop at a chinese language and cultural center in chicago .  hu jintao told business leaders china is not pursuing an expansionist policy .  congressional leaders discussed human rights and economic issues with hu .  the session followed hu 's meeting wednesday with president obam .
 opinion : in celebration of 4/20 , weed and a tale of two cities <sec> bruce barcott looks at differences in marijuana laws in colorado and louisiana .  in louisiana , a second marijuana possession offense could get you 5-10 years in prison .  in colorado , you can buy two grams for $ 34 and change , and never go to jail .  april 20 is seen as a day of celebration for pot smoker .
 box office report : 'the butler ' cleans up with $ 25 million <sec> `` lee daniels ' the butler '' took the top spot at the box office .  `` we 're the millers , '' `` elysium '' round out top 3 .  new steve jobs biopic did n't crack the top .
 31 children killed after bus catches fire in colombia <sec> new : 31 children were killed when a bus caught fire .  new : colombia 's president is in the municipality where the bus fire occurred .  the bus was picking up children from a church , police say .  authorities are investigating what caused the deadly blaz .
 vikings star adrian peterson turns himself in , freed on bail <sec> the nfl is reviewing the case under personal conduct policy .  grand jury indicted peterson on a felony charge of injury to a child .  it led the sheriff 's office to issue a warrant for his arrest .  his bond amount was set at $ 15,00 .
 your chance to quiz tennis greats agassi and graf <sec> your chance to quiz tennis legends , steffi graf and andre agassi .  the golden couple of tennis have won 30 grand slam singles titles between them .  cnn 's candy reid will interview the pair on may 19 -- just add your questio .
 soccer pundit quits over sexist comments <sec> richard keys resigned from britain 's sky sports on wednesday .  his co-host had been fired by the network a day earlier .  the two had been overheard disparaging a female assistant refere .
 better than bolt ? the fastest men on ice <sec> kevin kuske and thomas florschutz represent germany at two-man bobsleigh .  kuske has won four olympic gold medals and a silver .  his speed off the mark is legendary and matches the great usain bolt .  florschutz is seeking his first gold at world and olympic leve .
 outcry over cleveland 's missing women <sec> the bodies of three missing women were found in east cleveland last weekend .  the discovery comes on the heels of the captive women found alive in may .  community leaders believe as many as 500 women are missing in the cleveland area .  police say they are doing the best they can to find those missin .
 alabama catches suspect in serial sex crime cold case <sec> alabama grand jury indicts suspect in old sex crimes case .  victims were between 13 and 15 years old .  charges range from rape to sodomy and sexual abuse .  suspect was already jailed in kansas for sex crime .
 hillary clinton 's understudy waits in the wings <sec> maryland governor laying the groundwork for a presidential run in case hillary clinton does n't run .  clinton is odds-on favorite to capture the democratic nomination at the moment .  head-to-head , o'malley dwarfed by clinton 's name recognition , fundraising prowess .  he supported her strongly in 2008 when she lost nomination to barack obam .
 liverpool agree standard chartered bank deal <sec> liverpool announce a new sponsorship deal with standard chartered bank .  the means the end of the reds 17-year association with brewers carlsberg .  liverpool will carry the bank 's name on their shirts at the start of the 2010/11 .  the deal is reported to be worth approximately $ 133 million to the clu .
 aaron hernandez murder trial and the super bowl <sec> judge closes day two of aaron hernandez murder trial with a warning .  odin lloyd 's girlfriend testifies that victim and hernandez were not close .  former new england patriots tight end has pleaded not guilty in the death of lloy .
 spain face italy in group c opener at euro 2012 finals <sec> co-hosts poland play 2004 winners greece in opening game of euro 2012 .  defending champions spain take on italy in group c opener on june 10 .  group b features the netherlands , germany , denmark and portugal .  co-hosts ukraine in group d with france , england and swede .
 michael brown shooting : legal questions loom <sec> a missouri grand jury is considering whether to bring charges against darren wilson .  a federal civil rights investigation is also underway .  analyst : federal civil rights cases are difficult to prove .  former prosecutor : `` jurors are extremely sympathetic to police officers .
 spouse : 3 trucks worked together in fatal shooting of missionary <sec> a u.s. missionary died in northern mexico of one gunshot to the head , an autopsy reveals .  gunmen in a black pickup were working with others in two other trucks , police say .  nancy davis and her husband had lived in mexico since 1970s as missionaries .  `` they breathed mexico . .  that 's their love , '' a friend said of the coupl .
 with armstrong 's disgrace , will anything change ? <sec> extent of doping indictment against armstrong is shocking , says richard w. pound .  armstrong , who had an opportunity to challenge the findings , gave up , pound says .  the cheating involved was highly organized , well financed and well coordinated , he says .  pound : how could cycling officials not have known about such rampant doping .
 'cash for clunkers ' buyers agree : credit came at perfect time <sec> n.y. man was n't looking for new vehicle , but credits , circumstances changed plans .  program gives credits of $ 3,500 to $ 4,500 to people who trade in gas guzzlers .  recipients must buy new vehicles that are more fuel efficient .  texas woman glad program helped her buy more fuel-efficient vehicl .
 boston fire chief gets vote of 'no confidence ' in handling of bombings <sec> new : letter says chief was n't `` involved in operational decision-making , '' did n't show leadership .  chief defends his actions to cnn , says incident was `` well in hand '' when he arrived .  source : nearly all of boston 's deputy fire chiefs sign letter of `` no confidence '' .  the boston marathon bombing killed three and wounded more than 260 other .
 japanese politicians vie for votes amid turmoil <sec> japan 's 12-day election season begins with campaign speeches in fukushima .  polls show the liberal democrat party is likely to return to power , led by shinzo abe .  abe is a former prime minister who stepped down citing health reasons in 2007 .  japan is struggling with economic contraction and the aftermath of last year 's nuclear disaste .
 milan battle to overcome 10-man napoli <sec> ac milan move above city rivals inter with a 2-1 win at 10-man napoli .  rossoneri close gap on leaders lazio as robinho and zlatan ibrahimovic score .  napoli 's michele pazienza sent off in first-half injury-time but ezequiel lavezzi reduces deficit .  real sociedad move up to 11th place in spain after crushing struggling deportivo 3- .
 when billy joel met 'the stranger ' <sec> billy joel was at a career crossroads in 1977 .  `` the stranger , '' his breakthrough album , came together quickly , says producer .  album now out in 30th-anniversary edition ; propelled joel to succes .
 premier league stars warned over twitter comments <sec> english fa warn star players about statements made on twitter and through social media .  fa say such comments in public domain and could lead to disciplinary action .  liverpool 's ryan babel first premier league player to be sanctioned for a twee .
 putin 's killer tiger in cross-border raid <sec> tiger released by russian president vladimir putin thought to have attacked goats in china .  dead goats have 'finger-sized ' holes in their skulls , consistent with a tiger bite .  this is not the first raid blamed on a tiger released by puti .
 keystone bill dies in the senate -- for now - cnnpolitics.com <sec> senate blocks keystone bill .  vote previews battle that lies ahead between congress , obama .  landrieu : 'this is for americans , for american jobs .
 2 picasso works , 1 matisse sell at auction <sec> new : `` jacqueline '' is a portrait of picasso 's second wife ; sold for nearly $ 13 million .  the `` impressionist and modern art evening sale '' was in london , england , tuesday .  picasso 's portrait of his second wife , jacqueline , had never been offered at auction .  the sale of modern and impressionist art also includes works by renoi .
 documents outline debate over disposal of material with possible 9/11 remains <sec> new : defense official : `` we did not know whether these were human remains to begin with '' .  defense officials debated how to dispose of more than 1,000 fragments of material .  the material was from the september 11 terrorist attacks on the pentagon .  the material was `` not your normal set of medical waste , '' a colonel say .
 chelsea extend premier league lead <sec> chelsea beat lowly wolverhampton 2-0 to move five points clear of manchester city .  city host arsenal on sunday , when title rivals manchester united travel to stoke .  tottenham move up to third place with a 1-1 draw at home to mid-table everton .  promoted west brom climb up to fourth , also on 15 points , after beating fulha .
 veni , visa , vici : cutting through visa red tape <sec> visas for brazil cost $ 100 , and it 's worth it to hire a specialist .  in turkey , pay $ 20 at the istanbul airport visa booth .  russian tourist visas require proof of a russia-based sponso .
 seven convicted over 1995 srebrenica massacre <sec> tribunal convicts seven bosnian serbs over srebrenica massacre .  men convicted of genocide , extermination , murder , and other charges .  7,000 muslim boys and men were killed in the 1995 massacre .  killing was worst european massacre since world war i .
 cnn student news - december 13 , 2013 <sec> this page includes the show transcript , the daily curriculum , and maps .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum 's newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 how to get kennedy-esque health care on your budget <sec> kennedy 's son was given experimental treatment for bone cancer when he was 12 .  when daughter kara developed lung cancer , kennedy found a doctor who 'd operate .  empowered patients can get kennedy quality care without riches or connections .  doctor 's advice : do research on the internet , contact experts and other patient .
 lawyer : san francisco hospital staffer saw body in stairwell <sec> a san francisco general hospital official calls a lawyer for lynne spalding 's family .  lawyer : a hospital worker found a body in a stairwell ; a supervisor called authorities .  lynne spalding 's body was n't found in a hospital stairwell until four days later .  the sheriff 's department declines comment , including on whether its deputies responde .
 a month before winter olympics , russia puts sochi under high security <sec> an exclusion zone goes into force in sochi with one month to go before the winter olympics .  restrictions are imposed on air , sea and road traffic in the sochi area .  experts say sochi is well protected but warn militants could strike softer targets .  one u.s. man says he canceled his sochi trip after bombings in volgogra .
 inner city team honors baseball pioneers <sec> the anderson monarchs are a little league team from philadelphia 's inner city .  they are touring the country to honor early african-american baseball players .  their stops include historical sites and friendly games with youth leagues .  the team has also met members of the negro league .
 mh17 : rebels impatient as investigators seek access <sec> osce says rebels ' `` patience is almost wearing out '' .  flight 17 victims ' families keep vigil for third day at netherlands airport , waiting for more coffins .  dutch negotiating to have police , experts at crash site by this weekend .  australia is sending more police to europe to potentially help secure the crash sit .
