 two americans freed by north korea arrive in u.s . <sec> kenneth bae 's sister says her brother is in good spirits , bears no ill will .  bae thanks obama and the north korean government for his release .  plane carrying bae and matthew todd miller lands at a base in washington state .  north korea says it received apology from obama for the men 's action .
 military copter crash leaves six dead <sec> four killed in crash ; two people die later of injuries .  copter took off from aviano air base , news agency reports .  black hawk helicopter had 11 people aboar .
 j.k. rowling penning 'harry potter ' encyclopedia <sec> j.k. rowling is penning a `` harry potter '' encyclopedia .  rowling : `` i have been promising an encyclopedia of harry 's world , and i have started work on this now '' .  potter fans have been waiting for years for rowling to revisit the magical world she create .
 london opens 2012 paralympic games <sec> the paralympic opening ceremony takes place wednesday evening in london .  the paralympic torch relay passed through the capital 's streets on its way to the stadium .  the games are set to be the biggest yet , with some 4,280 athletes taking part .  more than 2.3 million tickets have been sold for paralympic event .
 'girl ca n't help it , ' salahi says yes to journey axeman 's proposal <sec> then-husband tareq salahi reported michaele missing last year .  she ran off with journey guitarist neal schon .  the salahis first gained notoriety as white house party crashers .  the `` real housewives of d.c. '' tv series was canceled by bravo in 201 .
 long-lost world war ii sub found off swedish coast <sec> lighthouse watchman last saw it 69 years ago before it sank near island of market .  the soviet submarine s-2 had a crew of 46 and four passengers when it sank .  remains found between swedish coast and finnish island of aland in february .  sweden and finland claim credit for sinking the submarine with mine .
 ghanaian police : peace corps volunteer kills suspected robber <sec> robbers accost two peace corps volunteers , a source says .  one fought back , killing one of the assailants , the source says .  the u.s. state department says it is providing consular assistanc .
 china 's crackdown on foreigners raises specter of xenophobia <sec> beijing started campaign to `` clean out '' expatriates illegally living or working in chinese capital .  there are almost 200,000 foreign residents in beijing on short-term or long-term visas .  chinese citizens an call a telephone hotline to report `` suspicious foreigners '' .  analysts wonder whether this is a measure to ensure stability before leadership chang .
 mom of pregnant woman on life support : change the law <sec> marlise munoz has been brain dead since november 26 .  she is 18 weeks pregnant and on life support .  her mother and family want to challenge the law in texas that 's keeping her aliv .
 germanwings crash site in french alps hard to reach <sec> resident tells cnn she initially mistook the noise from the crash for an avalanche .  crash site in the bleone valley is remote , difficult to reach .  single mountain road leads to area ; police urge people to leave it clea .
 put osama bin laden on trial <sec> alleged 9/11 conspirators are to be put on trial in new york .  cruickshank says obama should put emphasis on capturing bin laden for trial .  he says a trial would allow u.s. to show evidence of harm done by bin laden .  cruickshank : trial of bin laden would show strength of u.s. institution .
 3 dead as u.s. embassy car attacked <sec> new : the united states is outraged by the attack , secretary of state rice says .  car bomb strikes u.s. embassy vehicle north of beirut .  three lebanese civilians dead , american and lebanese officials confirm .  driver of the vehicle was slightly injured , and the only passenger was not hur .
 man accused of killing mother , stepfather captured after escape <sec> new : escapee from a south carolina mental institution is arrested in tennessee .  new : police say a trooper saw jason mark carter 's car at a hotel , and he was arrested .  police say carter , 39 , was committed after he was found incompetent to stand tria .
 a funny approach to birth control for young adults <sec> laura stepp : sermons against having sex ineffective ; almost all young adults have sex .  u.s. has one of the highest unplanned pregnancy rates for single young women , she says .  stepp : the smartest way to prevent unwanted pregnancies is to promote contraception .  stepp : ad council campaign uses fresh approach of humor and website to hel .
 nadal battles past ferrer ; serena and sharapova heading for showdown <sec> rafael nadal taken to three sets by david ferrer in madrid masters .  bidding for third title on the clay in spanish capital .  third seed andy murray beaten by tomas berdych .  serena williams and maria sharapova into last four of women 's even .
 what obama 's re-election means for health care <sec> although the affordable care act passed in 2010 , it wo n't be fully in place until 2014 .  obama administration officials will be in charge during the law 's full implementation .  there 's a backlog of new regulations that are expected to be unveiled soo .
 lazio hit by terrace closure for serie a opener after racist abuse <sec> italian club lazio forced to shut a section of their ground for opening serie a match .  the terrace closure is punishment after lazio fans were guilty of racist abuse .  fans in the curva nord shouted abuse at black juventus players during supercup final .  juventus player paul pogba says abuse `` shows a lack of respect .
 taliban video shows execution of pakistani men <sec> newly released footage shows the execution of at least 16 men .  the men are believed to be pakistani police officers .  the taliban claims responsibility , calling it revenge for the alleged killing of six children .  pakistani authorities deny children were killed , call video part of taliban 's campaign of terro .
 fritzl murder trial verdict could come this week <sec> friztl pleads guilty to imprisonment , incest denies murder , enslavement .  fritzl answers `` partly guilty '' when asked his response to rape charge .  austrian accused of keeping daughter in cellar for decades , fathering her 7 children .  verdict could come as early as thursday , court official say .
 james franco critiques nytimes theater critic <sec> james franco appeared to take issue with a new york times review of his play .  the actor makes his broadway debut in the new revival of `` of mice and men '' .  after the times ' reviewed wednesday 's opening night , he critiqued the paper on instagram .  franco later removed the post , but it was screengrabbed and shared on twitte .
 opinion : striving for 'sameness ' turkey slows progress <sec> until 2013 , turkish children would chant a national oath at school , says elif shafak .  its wording made her query the place of separate and collective self in turkey , she writes .  shafak says turkey 's mainstream is suspicious of difference .  but she says `` sameness '' is stifling creativity and democracy and causing divisions in societ .
 veteran friedel fit for tottenham 's champions league fight <sec> veteran tottenham goalkeeper brad friedel talks to cnn 's pedro pinto .  the 40-year-old american says his desire to play is as strong as ever .  he says fabrice muamba 's recovery after collapse gave everyone a lift .  recent health scares have shown `` how football can bring people together .
 end of the line for 'lunatic express ? ' kenya 's new railway <sec> china funding $ 5 billion railway project in kenya , between mombasa , nairobi .  the railway is planned to be extended to south sudan , rwanda and uganda .  kenya is a transit state but its railway dates back to colonial times .  china investing in infrastructure , manufacturing , oil projects in afric .
 trace adkins suffers setback in alcoholism battle , enters rehab <sec> adkins left the `` country cruising '' cruise for rehab .  rep : `` as he faces these issues head on , we ask that his family 's privacy will be respected '' .  he was a pipe-fitter on an offshore rig before becoming a country music star .  adkins has sold about 10 million albums in the past two decade .
 opinion : employment non-discrimination act threatens free markets <sec> peter sprigg : employment non-discrimination act is fraught with moral and legal problems .  sprigg : enda could provide fertile ground for employers to be hit by costly lawsuits .  he says it would allow reverse discrimination against those who disapprove homosexuality .  sprigg : enda should be opposed by anyone who want a free market econom .
 mega millions jackpot rises to $ 400 million <sec> the 45-state mega millions jackpot is up to an estimated $ 400 million for friday 's drawing .  no one has won the jackpot in 20 drawings .  if someone wins , jackpot would be the fifth-largest in north american history , lottery says .  the record ? .  $ 656 million jackpot split three ways last yea .
 students hang n-word banner at georgia high school <sec> the sign at south forsyth high school struck many as offensive .  school officials quickly took it down .  principal promises to hold those responsible+ accountabl .
 judge rejects batch of potential jurors in casey anthony trial <sec> new : the judge says a witness in the case also was summoned for jury duty .  a florida judge rejects potential jurors because they discussed the case .  jury selection was secretly moved to clearwater , 100 miles from orlando .  casey anthony is accused of killing her 2-year-old daughter , cayle .
 facebook 's paternalistic attitudes are n't empowering <sec> facebook 's data says what people do but little about why they do it .  when people share info with facebook , they become vulnerable to facebook .  do people really know who is included in their `` friends-of-friends ? .
 senate report slams bush over prewar intelligence <sec> report says bush administration misused intelligence in run-up to iraq war .  administration selectively declassified information to bolster case , report says .  panel : public misled about contacts between saddam hussein , al qaeda .  white house spokeswoman calls findings old new .
 source : slain 7-year-old was bound and gagged <sec> new : a source says the 7-year-old 's hands and feet were bound with plastic ties .  brunn will enter a `` not guilty '' plea , his court-appointed attorney says .  a sheriff 's spokesman says brunn wore a bullet-proof vest due to the nature of the case .  attorney : judge rules the two younger half-siblings can return to family custod .
 'iraq day ' marks deadline for u.s. withdrawal <sec> iraqis mark deadline of u.s. troop withdrawal .  some call it the `` day of defeating the occupier '' .  negotiations to extend the deadline broke down in october .  `` this is the start of our spring , '' one banner read at a gatherin .
 the greatest runner of them all <sec> inspired to start running after watching the 1980 moscow olympics .  early promise quickly realized as he triumphs at world junior games .  serial world record breaker completes olympic double in 2000 .  marathon glory in 2007 caps an unprecedented running caree .
 uk : heathrow airport delays spark criticism <sec> new : arriving passenger was greeted by `` massive , massive queues , '' much confusion .  uk border force says it will not compromise security but is seeking to minimize disruption .  the operators of heathrow airport say it is down to the government to act .  olympic athletes and officials will depart from a special terminal after the game .
 fritzl daughter testifies in incest case <sec> incest rapist josef fritzl in austrian court for the second day of his trial .  fritzl drops his guard , is pictured without binder obscuring his face .  austrian accused of keeping daughter in cellar for decades , fathering her 7 children .  daughter elisabeth give pre-recorded videotaped evidenc .
 jailed facebook teen finally getting day in court <sec> jailed teen to get hearing that could reduce his bond .  attorney says justin carter , 19 , has `` suffered abuse '' in jail .  carter was arrested after arguing on facebook over a video game .  the terroristic threat charge is a felony that brings up to eight years in priso .
 former tennis star hingis makes comeback <sec> martina hingis has returned to competitive action for the first time since 2007 .  five time grand slam winner played at the southern california open .  played alongside slovakia 's daniela hantuchova in 6-1 6-1 victory .  says she has no intention of returning to singles actio .
 new report underscores women 's mental illness concerns <sec> hhs 's office on women 's health releases new report on women 's mental health .  women suffer from major depression , anxiety disorders at higher rate than men .  half of all mental illnesses occur before age 14 in both men and women .  need for early detection and destigmatization of mental illnesses , researcher say .
 germany 's lesson for u.s. -- keep faith with workers <sec> u.s. manufacturing lost 4 million jobs over past 10 years , accounts for only 12 % of gdp .  writers : germany recovered quickly from the economic crisis by keeping its skilled work force .  german industry is 25 % of its gdp , they write , and focuses on high-quality goods .  writers : german industry has unions , offers high wages and is its most successful secto .
 condolences pour in for heavy metal rocker ronnie james dio <sec> rock community paid tribute to dio in messages late sunday .  dio most recently was touring with the band heaven and hell .  his last public appearance was in april at the revolver golden gods award .
 the oscars just do n't matter <sec> dean obeidallah would love an oscar , but thinks they mostly do n't matter in long run .  he says telecast not the draw it once was , and winning does n't mean bigger box office .  he says for stars win often does n't mean work ; award season makes oscars anticlimatic .  obeidallah : why not give oscar awards first , then follow with smaller awards later .
 cilantro : this herb can purify water too <sec> research team studying cheaper ways to filter water near mexico city .  heavy metals such as lead and nickel can cause neurological health problems .  scientists found cilantro is the most prevalent and powerful bioabsorbant materia .
 author : the beatles were a 'spiritual force ' <sec> author : john lennon never meant `` more popular than jesus '' comment to offend .  lennon never actually retracted the controversial remark .  vatican newspaper paid tribute to the beatles on 40th anniversary of `` white album '' .  beatles author says band were a `` spiritual force '' themselve .
 same-sex marriage bill voted down in new york senate <sec> `` let 's get up tomorrow and redouble our efforts , '' governor says .  supporters vow to bring back measure legalizing same-sex marriage .  `` the people oppose it , '' democrat says in arguing against bill .  recent polls found narrow margin of new yorkers support same-sex marriag .
 commentary : is 'sexting ' child pornography ? <sec> mike galanos : teens are sending explicit photos of themselves to other kids .  he says parents should be aware of what 's happening and educate children .  galanos : sexting should be punished but not treated as child pornograph .
 swedish journalists held in ethiopia will not seek appeal ; hope for pardon <sec> martin schibbye and johan persson are serving 11-year sentences .  `` there is a tradition of mercy and forgiveness in ethiopia , '' schibbye 's mother says .  `` they felt that their defense arguments did n't have much impact '' at trial , she says .  they have been held in harsh conditions , she say .
 review : 'i 'm still here ' paints a sad picture of joaquin phoenix <sec> `` i 'm still here '' follows joaquin phoenix 's self-righteous retirement from acting .  in the movie , phoenix is a slurry , bloated shell of his former self .  the film 's unflinching honesty is , in the end , its own justificatio .
 murder charge dropped in oklahoma 'thrill kill ' case <sec> 3 teens accused of fatally shooting chris lane , a jogger .  murder charge dropped against james edwards jr . .  edwards will testify against the other two defendants .  lane was an australian who played college basebal .
 prince william tells cnn about being a father in first interview <sec> prince william gives first official interview after birth of son to cnn 's max foster .  william tells cnn about fatherhood and baby george .  `` prince william 's passion : new father , new hope '' to air on cnn on september 1 .
 police : justin bieber imposter accused of abusing girl online <sec> the man allegedly posed as the pop star and coerced the girl .  lee moir , 34 , of toronto , allegedly threatened to hurt the girl 's family .  he also is accused of threatening to put a video of the girl on porn websites .  he was arrested in toronto in early april during a sting operatio .
 opinion : how to be 'selfie-centered ' for a cause <sec> dean obeidallah : the social media generation is the most narcissistic generation .  he says new example is `` funeral selfies '' -- posing with dead person -- to draw attention .  twitter , facebook have long allowed this self-centeredness . .  why not turn it to good cause ? .  obeidallah : photobomb to raise awareness of causes you care about : a good self-centerednes .
 isis subjects yazidi women to 'rape , sex slavery ' <sec> young yazidi woman says isis jihadis kidnapped her and other women , and raped them .  yazidi women treated like cattle , says one adviser to kurdistan government on gender .  isis has kidnapped more than 2,500 yazidi women , according to research by his team .  isis actually justified its enslavement of yazidis in its own online magazin .
 india beats the odds , beats polio <sec> rukhsar khatoon , 4 , is the last known case of polio in india .  she has become a symbol of her nation 's remarkable effort to eradicate the disease .  just a few years ago , india reported half the world 's new cases .  on thursday , the world health organization formally declared india polio-fre .
 eric harroun -- linked to terrorists in syria -- has died , family says <sec> eric harroun initially was charged with fighting alongside group affiliated with al qaeda .  the former u.s. soldier pleaded guilty to a lesser charge , was released in september .  harroun , from phoenix , died tuesday , according to his family and authoritie .
 what babies learn before they 're born <sec> learning begins in the womb , says annie murphy paul .  pregnancy is becoming a scientific frontier , in a field known as `` fetal origins , '' she says .  eating fish , exercising , even eating chocolate are all good for the fetus , says paul .  moderate stress during pregnancy is good for infant brain development , she say .
 when kids play across gender lines <sec> parents praise harrods for `` toy kingdom '' in which toys are arranged by theme , not gender .  `` bullied '' author says `` color-coded '' toys foster animosity toward kids who are different .  carrie goldman , mother of `` star wars katie , '' wrote book after outpouring of support .  boys more likely to get picked on for defying gender norms than girls , expert say .
 u.s. troops hand out meals as haiti relief effort takes shape <sec> u.s. troops handed out about 2,500 meals saturday in port-au-prince suburb .  presidents bill clinton , george w. bush kick off fundraising drive .  uss carl vinson brings helicopters , hospital beds and operating rooms .  4,200 u.s. military personnel currently supporting operations , 6,300 scheduled by monda .
 haas stuns djokovic in miami <sec> world no . .  1 novak djokovic loses to tommy haas at miami masters .  the defeat is only djokovic 's second the 2013 season .  second seed andy murray beats italian andreas seppi to reach the last eight .  the event has an all-european quarterfinal line-up for the first tim .
 captain riding out storm on fishing boat <sec> fishing boat operator endures hurricane dolly aboard 65-foot vessel .  boat moored at south padre island , texas , pier as storm hits .  `` it 's probably not the best decision , '' captain steven murphy admits .  one of his company 's three charter boats was pulled safely from wate .
 police : army recruiter shoots teenage recruit , then self <sec> an army recruiter shoots a recruit , 17 , and then himself , police say .  staff sgt . .  adam anthony arndt , 31 , supervised the recruitment of michelle miller .  her father says she raced to the home of arndt , who threatened suicide .  she wanted to become a psychotherapist , her father say .
 feds investigate fire at site of future tennessee mosque <sec> new : group holds candlelight vigil outside courthouse .  an fbi spokesman says `` you can reasonably make the assumption '' that it was arson .  the fire destroyed an earth mover and damaged three other vehicles .  the mosque project has provoked controversy across tennesse .
 olafur stefansson : life lessons from iceland 's handball hero <sec> olafur stefansson is regarded as iceland 's most famous handball player .  the 40-year-old has played for iceland in 330 matches and won an olympic silver medal .  after retiring in 2013 , he is now coaching the next generation at reykjavik club valur .  the lessons he learned along the way inform his hopes of `` affecting others in a good way .
 opinion : cuts will take food off the table for 47 million americans <sec> food stamp benefits will be cut about 5 % starting nov. 1 .  bob aiken says this will hurt america 's struggling families , and more cuts could come .  aiken says food banks wo n't be able to fully take up the slack .  he says americans already often use up food stamps and need help from food bank .
 ben bradlee : what he stood for ( opinion ) <sec> famed former washington post editor ben bradlee dies at 93 .  julian zelizer : bradlee led post at zenith of era of investigative journalism .  today , more and more people seek journalistic sources that reinforce their biases , he say .
