 first h5n1 avian flu death in north america <sec> the alberta resident who died of h5n1 had recently traveled to beijing , health minister says .  the death was `` an isolated case ; '' canadians at little risk , rona ambrose says .  h5n1 is found mostly in parts of asia and northeastern africa .  most people who have died of the virus had close contact with poultr .
 hilti ceo : europe faces a 'lost decade ' <sec> hilti ceo says europe faces a `` lost decade '' as it struggles under its debt crisis .  bo risberg is wary of the ecb becoming more active in propping up eurozone economies .  he says europe needs to accept austerity measure .
 carnival cancels more cruises on damaged ship <sec> sailings cancelled through mid-february on carnival splendor .  cruise line needs more time to repair damage from fire last month .  refunds or cruise credits will be provided to passenger .
 pakistan debates future u.s. engagement <sec> president calls 2011 a `` challenging year '' for the two countries .  pakistan 's parliament will convene tuesday .  they will debate the recommendations of a special committee .  the committee studied how to engage with the united state .
 cnn poll : generations disagree on same-sex marriage <sec> fifty-eight percent of 18 to 34 years olds said same-sex marriages should be legal .  number drops to 42 percent among respondents 35 to 49 years old .  a majority of people in the northeast say they approve of same-sex marriage .  poll : majority of those who do n't know anyone gay also oppose same-sex marriag .
 'birdman ' flies over oscars ; moore , redmayne also win <sec> `` birdman '' wins four oscars , including best picture .  eddie redmayne wins best actor , julianne moore best actress .  patricia arquette , j.k. simmons win supporting award .
 sex slave : 'every day we were raped ' <sec> bosnian muslim woman was raped daily while held by serb soldiers during war .  jasmina says she begged for late-term abortion of attacker 's baby after she escaped .  still traumatized , she says she never wants to return to her former home city .  but bosnian government policy may send her back there , she fear .
 moussavi : painter , architect and possibly iran 's next president <sec> mir hossein moussavi , iran 's ex-pm , has n't worked officially in politics in 20 years .  analysts : he is wooing support by portraying himself as the `` anti-ahmadinejad ' .  moussavi says he 's a reformer , believes in more freedoms and an open iran .  author who has interviewed him says she is skeptical that he truly feels that wa .
 hong kong abandons mandatory classes seen as pro-beijing <sec> it 's up to the individual schools , hong kong government says .  the curriculum is called `` moral and national education '' .  residents have been angered by the subject matte .
 russia : gas flow to resume within days <sec> russian president medvedev says gas flow to europe will resume in days .  medvedev hosted summit talks saturday aimed at resolving dispute with ukraine .  ukrainian pm yulia tymoshenko also attended talks .  shutdown has left many european countries without natural ga .
 opinion : why julian castro said yes to obama <sec> san antonio mayor castro slated to head housing and urban development department .  ruben navarrette says the move could better position him to be 2016 running mate .  he says democrats could gain , and gop could lose , points with latino voters this year .  navarrette : hud secretary could turn out to be a dead-end jo .
 nfl commissioner upholds saints 'bounty ' suspensions <sec> nfl commissioner hits four over `` conduct detrimental to the league '' .  nearly two dozen players took part in the saints ' `` bounty '' program , goodell says .  the players ' union criticized the nfl and says it 's reviewing the decision .  two of the players have left the saint .
 lessons from rutgers on privacy and hate speech <sec> rutgers tragedy after webcam intrusion : one person convicted , another dead .  christopher wolf : respecting others ' privacy online , fighting hate speech our responsibility .  wolf writes : our online behavior can hurt ourselves and others , and it can even lead to suicide .  we must speak up against hate speech , he says , and educate kids in wise behavio .
 doctor : giffords may be showing 'glimmers of recognition ' <sec> new : surgeon says giffords responded to request to squeeze his hand before surgery .  doctor : giffords ' eye movements suggest `` glimmers of recognition '' .  giffords ' husband : `` i think she realized the president '' visited her wednesday .  gabrielle giffords opens her eyes with friends in the room on wednesda .
 protecting 'golden voice ' from pitfalls of sudden success <sec> ted williams , with his velvet voice , went from homeless to famous in a matter of days .  many wonder how he 'll handle sudden success , the attention , the job offers .  psychiatrist warns that without solid sobriety and support , relapse may happen .  williams ' aa sponsor and longtime friend , as well as his mother , may help avoid pitfall .
 missouri governor imposes curfew in ferguson <sec> curfew to be imposed from midnight to 5 a.m . .  `` we want justice ! '' .  community members shout at governor .  highway patrol captain : `` we wo n't enforce it with trucks , we wo n't enforce it with tear gas '' .  resident of ferguson is skeptical that the curfew will be effectiv .
 einstein 's granddaughter dies <sec> einstein 's granddaughter had been fighting for money from his estate .  evelyn einstein had been ill for years with heart problems and diabetes .  she had gotten nothing from the use of albert einstein 's image on apparel , mugs , etc .
 10 things the u.s. does better than anywhere else <sec> the variety and vibrancy of the american greeting is unrivaled .  if something can be done while seated , americans are probably going to excel at it .  this year 's gastronomic triumph was the cronut , introduced in new york city .  granted , china is on pace to eclipse at least half of the superlatives on this list by 201 .
 nfl suspends stallworth indefinitely <sec> new : nfl commissioner roger goodell calls stallworth 's action `` inexcusable '' .  cleveland browns wide receiver tuesday pleaded guilty to dui manslaughter .  stallworth serving 30 days in jail , has reached settlement with victim 's family .  nfl player 's blood alcohol level was 0.126 ; florida 's legal limit is 0.0 .
 police militarization : the ferguson issue that was n't <sec> white house review largely leaves intact federal programs that provide police with surplus military equipment .  the response falls short of what some had called for in the wake of the michael brown shooting .  more training will help ease concerns about police militarization , white house review say .
 computer glitch briefly grounds 250 southwest flights <sec> flights already in the air were not affected by the breakdown .  southwest : the internal system used to dispatch flights was down .  the late timing of the glitch mostly affected flights in the west coas .
 exploring the love drug , joy and sex <sec> when madly in love , one 's body drugs itself with hormones that create feelings of joy .  limerence has a shelf life . .  by some estimates , you 're lucky to get 18 months .  once you 've transitioned out of infatuation , you either attach or you do the opposite .  as you learn about your love , the insights propel you to the next stag .
 will a standardized system for verifying web identity ever catch on ? <sec> obama administration is proposing a standardized login system for the web .  people would choose facebook , google or another site as their provider .  the identity-verification system would then work on any website .  because the government does n't plan to write a law , this is a policy experimen .
 manatees may move from endangered to threatened <sec> there may be about 4,800 manatees in florida waters .  they have been on the endangered species list since 1967 .  group says changing manatees ' status wo n't mean change in protections .  supporters say the sea cows are still at ris .
 manchester united overcome rooney blow with vital win over tottenham <sec> manchester united return to top of english premier league with 3-1 win over tottenham .  top scorer wayne rooney may miss rest of season after sitting out match with injury .  champions united two points clear of chelsea , who host stoke on sunday .  tottenham retain fourth place in table as manchester city draw 0-0 at arsenal in late matc .
 tunnel accident near las vegas kills one worker , injures another <sec> a high-pressure release of grout strikes two workers at a construction site .  they were working underground on a water project for the las vegas area .  no other workers remain in the tunnel at this point , an official say .
 officials : why does cambridge mosque draw extremists ? <sec> officials : accused boston marathon bombers , other extremists attended mosque .  at least 10 suspected or convicted terrorists have prayed at the mosque , officials say .  mosque spokeswoman says it does n't preach any form of radical isla .
 native hawaiians blockade historic palace <sec> group does not recognize hawaii as a u.s. state .  palace used by rulers of hawaiian kingdom ; now a tourist attraction .  peaceful protesters eventually unlock gates , stay on palace ground .
 weight loss success : maggie sorrells <sec> maggie sorrells could no longer squeeze into restaurant booths at 440 pounds .  doctors had warned her that she might not live to the age of 30 .  she shed 300 pounds following a faith-based weight loss progra .
 judge judy encourages americans , slams madoff <sec> judge judy tells larry king that americans can buckle down , get through crisis .  obama should n't vilify the rich , but appeal to their sense of social duty , she says .  judge judy on bernie madoff : `` i think he has the ego the size of noah 's ark '' .  if civil servants have to take furloughs , aig execs can give up bonuses , she say .
 details from rod blagojevich 's 74-page affidavit <sec> affidavit says blagojevich called senate seat `` a f -- -ing valuable thing '' .  governor talked of getting newspaper employees fired for editorials , affidavit says .  blagojevich wanted campaign contribution for funding children 's hospital , it say .
 al-assad hangs on by ruthlessness , reformist image <sec> syria 's bashar al-assad 's benefited from `` soviet-style tactics , '' an activist says .  the president has portrayed himself as a reformer but is ruthless , scholars say .  ethnic rivalries figure into support for the regime .  a divided opposition is helping the president buy tim .
 cops indicted in texas taped beating <sec> the charges stem from the september 5 beating of a motorcyclist .  total of three officers charged in connection with the incident .  dallas police chief says indictments bring incident closer to a conclusio .
 comic talks muslim humor and islamophobia <sec> riaad moosa is a comedian , movie star and a qualified doctor .  he uses his religious identity to poke fun at islamic stereotypes .  moosa believes islam is a religion that is open to comedy .  his latest movie tells the story of a muslim comedian challenging his community 's expectation .
 language mavens exchange words over obama 's oval office speech <sec> nearly 2,700 words with little jargon .  people understand spoken and written word differently .  payack gives obama `` solid b .
 midnights in moscow , post-soviet style <sec> the preserved body of vladimir lenin is on display in moscow 's red square .  moscow has been named the world 's most expensive city .  izmailovsky market has the best souvenir shopping at reasonable prices .  ireport.com : show us your travel snapshot .
 is it the year of the sheep , goat or ram ? <sec> the lunar new year , which begins february 19 , is celebrated throughout asia .  but should we be ushering in the year of the sheep , goat or ram ? .  it depends on how you translate the chinese word `` yang '' , says mythology exper .
 prison-trained puppies help wounded troops <sec> inmates at fishkill correctional facility train puppies behind bars .  the pups will become service dogs for u.s. troops injured in iraq , afghanistan .  dog frankie helps sgt . .  allen hill overcome paralyzing , violent flashbacks .  trainer roberto says frankie taught him patience , responsibilit .
 women in hollywood : it 's a great time to be a leading lady <sec> female actors and musicians seem to be dominating pop culture lately .  from `` catching fire '' to the best ama performances , women are making waves .  but hollywood still has a way to go to achieve true equality for wome .
 sebelius : more than enough h1n1 vaccine in united states <sec> sebelius : there will be plenty of h1n1 vaccine for everyone who wants it .  250 million doses have been purchased , and `` that will be plenty '' .  most of the initial doses available in october will be flumist nasal spray .  ten to 20 million doses will be available each week after first week in octobe .
 blast at venezuela oil refinery kills 39 <sec> chavez declares three days of mourning .  blast damages refinery infrastructure and nearby houses .  more than 80 people are injure .
 obamacare : saying 'it 's working ' does n't make it true <sec> rep. kevin mccarthy : selling of obamacare omits the reality that not everyone is paying .  eight million `` enrollees '' does n't equal 8 million paid customers , he says .  house oversight committee : only 67 % of enrollees had paid first month 's premiu .
 grub , chow , mystery meat -- combat food 2.0 <sec> army technicians working to improve quality , taste of combat food .  italian , mexican and vegetarian meals are represented in the mre .  mres replaced the c-ration in the early 1980s .  new field ration will feed troops during intense combat operation .
 the indian migrants who built kenya 's 'lunatic line ' <sec> indian migrants flocked to kenya just over a century ago to build railways .  lion attacks and diseases such as black fever were just a couple of the dangers workers on the railways faced .  many descendants of those indian migrants are today successful business owners across kenya .  some say that the indian community has still not fully integrated into kenyan societ .
 10 things to know about 'homeland ' this season <sec> showtime 's `` homeland '' returns for third season on sunday .  brody has disappeared and the cia is in trouble after last season 's bombing .  previous seasons show that no character is safe from getting killed of .
 friction lays ground for nfl 's adrian peterson hearing <sec> hearing was to determine if adrian peterson faces further nfl punishment .  running back has not played since week one as child abuse case navigated court .  peterson has pleaded no contest to lesser charge , misdemeanor reckless assault .  nfl says peterson missed friday review of case ; peterson says review is unfai .
 providence , r.i. , teachers union protests firing <sec> hundred of providence teachers union supporters demonstrate against terminations .  providence mayor sent termination letters to 2,000 teachers and staff last week .  actual layoffs wo n't be known until mayor and city council decide how to balance budget .  union leader : mayor demoralized and disrespected teacher .
 a sleepy pakistani city awakes to violence , a unique place in history <sec> residents say abbottabad is simpler and safer than most pakistani cities .  they recalled helicopters flying overhead early monday and several blasts .  many hours later , news came out bin laden had lived and was killed there .  there is talk about the historic development , but life returns to norma .
 army , marines give waivers to more felons <sec> recruits convicted of assault , drug possession , making terrorist threats allowed in .  rep. henry waxman : defense department has month to explain waivers .  army granted 511 felony waivers in 2007 ; marines granted 350 in 2007 .  army defended waivers , saying fewer recruits today meet their standard .
 records tumble all around hapless phelps <sec> an unprecedented 16 records fall at the world cup short-course event in berlin this weekend .  swimming superstar michael phelps again struggles as he chooses to use an old-style suit .  high-tech suits will become illegal from january 1 as officials seek to stem tide of new mark .
 all about : eco-philanthropy <sec> an estimated 9.5 millionaires in world are worth $ 37.2 trillion , merrill lynch reports .  world 's elite rich gave an estimated $ 285 billion to charity in 2006 .  philanthropy can spur a backlash from host nation .
 when dolphins attack : dusty 's dust up off the irish coast <sec> reports suggest dusty the dolphin , found on the west coast of ireland , has attacked swimmers .  a woman was hospitalized last sunday -- the fourth incident since may .  authorities are now erecting warning signs around doolin harbor , county clare .  the bottlenose dolphin is listed as an endangered specie .
 designers challenged to include disabled <sec> professor of design don norman wants designers to be more inclusive .  two korean designers invented a toilet for able-bodied and disabled people .  norman believes activity-centered design is the best approac .
 aga khan makes rare visit to u.s . <sec> aga khan is spiritual leader of 20 million ismaili muslims around world .  his trip to u.s. , other ismaili communities marks 50 years as spiritual leader .  followers consider him the final authority on interpreting qura .
 nine bits of strange economic history <sec> when in roman history it was illegal to raise prices , hoard goods or close stores .  europe 's `` irrational exuberance '' in 1860s was when great buildings were constructed .  shortages paper and leather led to u.s. bible shortage in 194 .
 polls give uk election debate win to cameron <sec> british political rivals clash in final televised debate before may 6 election .  snap polls hand victory to conservative party leader david cameron .  pm gordon brown says cameron represents `` same old conservatives '' .  cameron on economy : `` every leading business leader says we have got it right .
 billy joel approves of taylor swift as nyc ambassador <sec> joel calls new york press 'snoots ' .  he offered his 'welcome ' to swift .  he expressed admiration for her talen .
 oil industry 's oversight agency renamed amid massive reform <sec> new : minerals management service now called bureau of ocean energy management .  new : agency 's new head sworn in monday .  new : reform comes amid criticism of group 's cozy relationship with energy representatives .  federal judge set to rule on deepwater drilling moratoriu .
 library fight riles up city , leads to book-burning demand <sec> wisconsin couple say some books too risque for library 's young-adult section .  library refuses request to move some books to adult section , setting up showdown .  group not connected to couple files claim against city , seeks book burning .  issue sparks debate at meetings and on airwaves and blog .
 why is china election scapegoat for romney , obama ? <sec> grant : america is no longer the land of opportunity -- china is .  romney , obama attempt to score points in debate by bashing china .  romney : `` on day one i will label china a currency manipulator '' .  obama : `` we 've put unprecedented trade pressure on china .
 f1 : is sebastian vettel exchanging his red bull for a prancing horse ? <sec> sebastian vettel says his future plans will be revealed `` very soon '' .  four-time f1 world champion announced saturday he was leaving red bull .  veteran racer niki lauda says vettel could replace fernando alonso at ferrari .  alonso tight-lipped on future and has been linked with a return to mclare .
 call for troop withdrawal in nicaragua , costa rica dispute <sec> new : a nicaraguan ambassador says his country will challenge the resolution .  new : costa rica 's foreign ministry says the vote is a `` triumph of peace and law '' .  the organization of american states says both countries should resume talks .  officials are unable to come to consensus , but the resolution passes with 22 vote .
 coach 's anti-gay comments an 'embarrassment ' but not fireable offense <sec> huskers assistant coach voiced opposition to a city anti-discrimination policy amendment .  the amendment would have extended protection based on sexual identity .  that 's basically what the policy at university of nebraska does .  unl 's chancellor called his remarks `` an embarrassment '' but not a violatio .
 partisan politics in congress product of a more polarized electorate <sec> politically engaged americans are increasingly partisan , according to a new pew poll .  hyper-partisanship at the local level eventually leads to hyper-partisanship in congress , experts say .  those who trend more moderate are also less likely to be politically-engaged , the pew poll found .  all of these factors have create gridlock on the congressional level , experts sa .
