 eddie vedder sings 'imagine ' in response to criticism <sec> eddie vedder plays what he calls `` the most powerful song ever written '' : `` imagine '' .  vedder has been criticized for anti-war remarks .  comments at uk concert perceived as anti-israel by some .  `` call me naã¯ve , '' vedder said in website pos .
 indian official : terrorists wanted to kill 5,000 <sec> new : terrorists armed with grenades , bombs , official says .  new : india 's democracy 'can withstand this trial , ' president bush says .  officials link boat floating off mumbai to attacks ; calls placed to pakistan .  at least 183 killed during attacks , according to federal official .
 yoko ono 's surprise rebirth as a dance music icon <sec> yoko ono allowed artists to create dance remixes of work on two albums .  `` move on fast '' is her sixth consecutive no . .  1 dance hit .  `` when i first heard the songs i cried they was so beautiful , '' yoko say .
 family films frantic escape from colorado wildfire <sec> new : some residents are being allowed to return to their homes .  a colorado family captures harrowing escape from a wildfire on video .  the flames kill a husband and wife .  the governor suspends `` controlled '' fires until an investigation is complete .
 tennessee : meningitis outbreak is investigated <sec> 14 patients develop meningitis after receiving steroid injections .  all but of one of the infected got injections at nashville facility .  two people have die .
 will kurds use oil to break free from iraq ? <sec> there may be the equivalent of 45 billion barrels of oil under kurdish land .  u.s. opposes sales as a destabilizing factor .  the kurdish government needs cash quickly .  iraq is `` falling apart , '' the region 's president say .
 why is n't colin powell a democrat ? <sec> colin powell , a republican , endorsed barack obama for re-election .  reihan salam : some mourn loss of moderate republicans but sharper partisan lines are good .  he says a liberal party and a conservative party enable voters to express preferences .  salam : to avoid gridlock , parties should be given more power over members of congres .
 from 'sex ' to 'rings , ' film tours excite fans <sec> tours take fans to sites that have served as settings for movies and tv shows .  `` lord of the rings '' fans flock to new zealand , where the trilogy was filmed .  `` the sound of music '' tours have visitors singing with joy in salzburg , austria .  popular tours in new york take fans to `` sex and the city , '' `` sopranos '' location .
 north korea says it has american in custody <sec> north korea says american man wanted asylum .  report comes as president barack obama visits south korea .  u.s. state department says it is aware of north korean repor .
 vanderbilt rape case evidence is missing , case should be tossed , defense says <sec> four former vanderbilt football players face rape charges .  all four have pleaded not guilty .  lawyers for one of the defendants say evidence in the case has gone missing .  the claim comes in a filing by lawyers seeking dismissal of the charge against their clien .
 cnn student news transcript : september 1 , 2010 <sec> learn about some of the struggles facing flood victims in pakistan .  find out why nasa is testing a rocket that may never get off the ground .  hear some students ' views on the qualities that define a good teacher .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 japan 's intriguing moerenuma park <sec> moerenuma park on the outskirts of sapporo was the final act of japanese-american sculptor isuma noguchi .  fusing art , nature and industrial design , noguchi 's park took 17 years to complete .  he volunteered to live in an internment camp during wwii to design better equipment for the people in the cam .
 scotland yard chief , former editor latest hacking scandal casualties <sec> new : rebekah brooks ' spokesman says she has been released and is at home .  new : police say she is scheduled to return to a london police station in october .  police chief : `` i wish we had juggled some matters involved in this affair differently '' .  the commissioner says he behaved ethically but is responsible for the departmen .
 connecticut doctor : family was 'destroyed by evil ' <sec> dr. william petit addresses difficulty of attending trial of man convicted of killing petit 's family .  steven hayes is convicted of capital murder , could face the death penalty .  `` i have a little nausea every time i get out of the car '' and go to court , petit says .  petit survived home invasion in which his wife , daughters were killed in 200 .
 report : 15,000 die each year crossing india train tracks <sec> 15,000 people are killed trying to cross train tracks every year .  a safety panel said almost half of the deaths were in mumbai .  it said 'no civilized society can accept such massacre ' .  it blamed outdated technology and lack of infrastructur .
 town near nuclear plant rejects japanese utility 's 'token ' offer <sec> new : `` everything we 've built is gone , '' the mayor of namie says .  tokyo electric offers 20 million yen to residents of 10 communities near the plant .  the utility company says more money to those affected will likely come in the future .  one estimate is that tokyo electric will pay $ 12 billion to $ 121 billion in compensatio .
 petraeus apologizes for affair , says 'it was my own doing ' <sec> david petraeus resigned last year as head of the cia .  he admitted to having an affair with his biographer .  in a rare public appearance , he express `` regret .
 bangkok braces for flooding from high tides <sec> new : tourists urged to steer clear of bangkok .  many other tourist spots , such as phuket , remain dry and open for business .  the outer suburbs are already flooded , but the central city has largely been spared .  the thai floods have killed 373 people and affected more than 9.5 millio .
 desperate and disgusted : india 's human waste removers <sec> ganesh shinde , 42 , has been clearing human waste in mumbai since 2007 .  it 's called manual scavenging -- the removal of human waste from sites with no flush system .  life expectancy is low , with many developing asthma , skin infections and tuberculosis .  the majority are dalits -- people belonging to the lowest strata of india 's caste syste .
 thai protesters collect blood for message <sec> thousands of `` red shirts '' hold out forearms to give blood for message .  demonstrators threaten to to splash blood on ruling party headquarters , pm 's residence .  protesters are supporters of ousted prime minister thaksin shinawatr .
 margaret thatcher 's coffin leaves st. paul 's for private burial <sec> margaret thatcher received a ceremonial funeral with full military honors .  queen elizabeth ii and prime minister david cameron were among the mourners .  former u.s. statesmen dick cheney and henry kissinger also attended .  thatcher is being cremated and buried in a private ceremon .
 all about : gm rice <sec> half of the world 's population rely on rice .  rice production will have to double in 40 years .  five countries grow 98 percent of the world 's gm rice .  rice contamination scare in 2006 a setback for gm industr .
 ryan chamberlain allegedly bought deadly toxins online <sec> he was charged this week with possession of an illegal destructive device .  fbi : he bought lethal poisons in dark , encrypted corners of the web .  they included abrin , a poison similar to rici .
 fires , floods , storms : mother nature sends extremes across u.s . <sec> new : mississippi river breaches levee near confluence with missouri river .  heavy rain heads to florida with season 's first possible tropical depression .  wildfires burn in los angeles area and new mexico .  thunderstorms may hit oklahoma , but mercifully , more tornadoes are a long sho .
 not your mama 's gym class <sec> physical education teachers are using innovative ways to battle the obesity crisis .  schools now offer yoga , crossfit , rock climbing , spinning and bowling .  teaching stress relief could be key to students ' success , some educators sa .
 israel approves more housing in east jerusalem <sec> controversial israeli housing project approved in palestinian neighborhood in east jerusalem .  move likely to further strain relations between united states and israel .  obama and netanyahu met wednesday in washington to discuss israel 's housing plans .  u.s.-israeli relations hit rough patch after row over future building in east jerusale .
 teen dead who opened fire on finnish classmates , police say <sec> new : teen gunman is dead , finnish police say .  eight people , including headmistress , shot at finnish school , say police .  firearm bought legally last month , shooting began in school 's lower lobby .  shooting appeared to have been planned in series of youtube video .
 decrying attack , protesters overtake islamist group 's hq in benghazi <sec> protesters ask troops to take control of an islamist group 's hq , a general says .  `` i am sorry , america ... .  this is the real libya , '' a protester in benghazi says .  hundreds take over the ansar al-sharia group 's headquarters without firing a shot .  that group is tied to an attack last week that left 4 americans dea .
 al franken : from satirist to senator <sec> al franken defeated norm coleman in one of the longest senate races in history .  franken was a fixture on nbc 's `` saturday night live '' for years .  he also is a best-selling author and former radio host .  franken gives senate democrats their potentially filibuster-proof 60th vot .
 commentary : health care ca n't wait <sec> kathleen sebelius : health care represents growing burden on economy .  she says that because of rising cost , existing system is unsustainable .  she says u.s. pays more , but citizens are n't healthier than in other countrie .
 pro-democracy protests heat up in hong kong <sec> security official says `` radical '' protesters cause `` serious threats to public safety '' .  talks between government and protesters to take place tuesday .  pro-democracy protesters swell to 9,000 in busy hong kong commercial district .  hundreds of people and a handful of officers are injured in the violenc .
 defending champion nadal passed fit to take on fish <sec> rafael nadal is fit to face mardy fish in wednesday 's wimbledon men 's quarterfinals .  nadal suffered a foot injury during his last 16 victory over juan martin del potro .  but a scan on his foot revealed the injury was not as bad as first feare .
 new life for horses ... with prisoners <sec> inmates care for horses as part of a pre-release plan in maryland .  the horses come to the second chance farm after race career ends .  inmate says prisoners and rejected horses share a common bon .
 iraqi , u.s. troops accused of sadr city attack <sec> new : u.s. troops kill two snipers , two other men firing rocket-propelled grenades .  army says u.s. , iraqi patrol came under fire setting up checkpoint .  muqtada al-sadr blames u.s. , calls for calm after top aide killed in najaf .  mortar attack kills three at palestine hotel across from international zon .
 rich roll : from fat dad to ultra-fit father <sec> rich roll was overweight and out of shape on the eve of his 40th birthday .  roll decided to get fit , and within months , he competed in a grueling triathlon .  the father of four says he hopes to be an example to others facing life 's challenge .
 police say one serial killer to blame for long island killings <sec> police say they think a single serial killer is responsible for bodies found in long island .  police previously thought only the first set of remains could be the work of a killer or killers .  the body of the woman who triggered investigation is still missing .  the women who were killed advertised prostitution searches on website .
 dna from roma girl 'maria ' matches that of bulgarian couple <sec> dna tests back bulgarian roma couple 's claim to be maria 's parents .  it 's unclear what will happen to the girl , who 's now with a greek children 's charity .  in a separate case , a greek couple is accused of buying a roma baby .  the couple said they wanted the baby because they had no children , authorities sa .
 authorities investigate accident that kills bride-to-be , best man <sec> autopsy say bride-to-be drowned , had severe head injuries ; best man drowned .  a jet skier found the body believed to be best man mark lennon .  the body of bride lindsey stewart was recovered saturday .  the wedding party 's boat crashed into a parked barge on the hudson on friday nigh .
 retired general links gays in military , bosnian massacre <sec> dutch force `` ill-equipped to go to war '' in early '90s , retired u.s. general says .  he tells senate panel that led in part to failure to stop srebrenica killings .  dutch leaders linked poor performance to gays in military , he says .  senate committee chairman says remarks `` way off the mark .
 cnn student news - september 26 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call . .  the weekly newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the new .
 reed certified as winner of tightly contested atlanta mayoral runoff <sec> elections board : kasim reed is the winner of atlanta mayoral runoff .  reed defeated mary norwood by 620 votes , elections board director says .  norwood has until 5 p.m. tuesday to ask for a recount , elections official say .
 a day of prayer , song , pomp to welcome new pope <sec> new : argentine president wants pope to use influence to help deal with falklands dispute .  robert mugabe is among many leaders to be on hand for francis ' inauguration .  the pope , who plans to deliver his homily in italian , is n't expected to stay within a script .  thousands of catholics packed st. peter 's square on sunday to hear his first angelu .
 u.s. gas prices 'crash ' <sec> fixed refining problems , shrinking demand , lower crude oil prices bring gas prices down .  a further drop is expected in the coming days , the publisher of the lundberg survey says .  long island , new york , had the highest average in the latest survey .  memphis , tennessee , had the lowest averag .
 drug charges for 'gangsta 's paradise ' rapper <sec> grammy winner coolio arrested at los angeles international airport .  he is accused of possessing illegal drugs , paraphernalia .  police say he grabbed screener 's arm to prevent search of luggag .
 olympics day 16 : 'glorious ' games come to an end <sec> new : london games declared over .  team usa wins second consecutive basketball gold .  marathoner stephen kiprotich wins uganda 's first medal in a thrilling race .  super heavyweight boxer anthony joshua wins gold for britai .
 iranian state media : 6 dead , many buried in rubble after earthquake <sec> new : 6 are confirmed dead , and the death toll is expected to rise , state-run media says .  new : many people are buried in the rubble , and 7 aftershocks hit the area within 4 hours .  the strike was centered in a largely rural area , though not far from the city of bam .  iran lies on a series of seismic fault lines and experiences quakes almost dail .
 robber steals $ 53 million worth of jewels in cannes , police say <sec> an armed robber steals $ 53 million worth of jewels from a hotel , police official says .  security was present but unarmed , deputy prosecutor says .  there were two major jewel heists at cannes film festival events this yea .
 flight attendant 's outburst delays flight <sec> a spokeswoman for the fbi says no federal charges were filed .  attendant got on intercom , said she was n't responsible for plane 's safety , passenger says .  passengers , crew on the dallas-to-chicago flight restrained the woman , authorities said .  the attendant was taken to a hospital ; a 2nd who may have been injured was taken , to .
 probe calls for bangladesh troop deaths <sec> rights groups in bangladesh , abroad call for probe into string of soldiers ' deaths .  16 border guards accused of participating in revolt have died in recent days .  military statement suggests deaths came from guilt-induced stress .  more than 1,000 soldiers were rounded up from late-february revol .
 world 's largest legoland water park opens in asia <sec> asia 's first legoland water park opens in malaysia , about 50 kilometers from singapore .  at 300,000 square meters , it 's the world 's largest legoland water park .  legoland malaysia hotel to open next yea .
 state media : china launches 2nd satellite for venezuela <sec> the observation satellite launches from northwestern china .  state media : it is venezuela 's second satellite in orbit .  the first one , named after independence leader simon bolivar , was launched by china in 200 .
 obama 's half brother says father abusive <sec> mark obama ndesandjo is president obama 's half brother .  in a new book , ndesandjo says their father was abusive .  `` my father beat me , '' he tells reporters in china .  president has said in earlier book that his father was an alcoholi .
 parents of son with brain cancer refuse return to uk <sec> parents who took son with brain cancer to spain refuse to return to uk voluntarily , court says .  they took ashya king , 5 , from british hospital without authorization , police say .  the father says there was a disagreement over his son 's course of treatment .  parents are in prison until judge decides on charges , court say .
 why the future of space exploration will be crowd-funded <sec> amateur space enthusiasts are mounting spaceflight missions funded by online supporters .  copenhagen suborbitals aims to send a manned rocket into space by 2020 .  cornell graduate zac manchester will launch his crowd-funded micro satellite project in decembe .
 mexico 's president to u.s. : 'no more weapons ' <sec> calderon says criminals have `` unlimited access to high-powered weapons '' .  he stands before a new sign in ciudad juarez that says , `` no more weapons '' .  the president says mexico needs u.s. help to stop the violenc .
 newspapers on gadhafi : 'we loved him , we hated him , we loved him again ' <sec> graphic photos of violent death of moammar gadhafi dominate europe 's newspapers .  some tabloids effectively dance on gadhafi 's grave . .  sun headline : `` that 's for lockerbie '' .  even the left-leaning guardian recognizes the success of nato 's military campaign .  germany 's die welt ponders question of how gadhafi 's end came abou .
 missouri 's gov . nixon : ferguson police were aggressive <sec> missouri gov . .  jay nixon notes the `` over-militarization '' of police .  nixon also criticizes police department 's release of a convenience store video .  the governor also raises doubts about the special prosecutor in charge of the case .  nixon praises many of the protesters upset about shooting death of michael brow .
 who : ebola crisis 'vastly ' underestimated <sec> ebola has killed at least 1,145 people in nigeria , guinea , liberia and sierra leone .  `` the outbreak is expected to continue , '' the world health organization says .  it says it has seen evidence of unreported case .
 ronnie wood accused of domestic assault <sec> rolling stones guitarist ronnie wood arrested wednesday , accused of assault .  wood has since been released on bail .  incident follows high-profile divorce from wife jo last month on grounds of adultery .  wood has reportedly been dating 20-year-old woman for a yea .
 tsa : employee 's actions led to newark security breach <sec> new : n.j. senator calls on man who caused security breach to turn himself in .  tsa : security video shows officer walking away from his post before breach .  security breach sunday evening forces closure of terminal c for hours .  official : tsa officer was reassigned to nonscreening duties after inciden .
 berlin wall : age of triumph over ( opinion ) <sec> malcolm rifkind is a former british foreign secretary .  fall of berlin wall was overwhelmingly positive , rifkind writes .  but not all the side-effects were , he says .  rifkind : west facing new confrontation with russi .
 2014 exit polls : most voters dissatisfied with d.c . <sec> cnn released its first wave of analysis from voters who participated in exit polls tuesday .  a majority of those surveyed had unfavorable views of both partie .
 border agent killed by drug smuggling driver , officials say <sec> officials : luis aguilar , 32 , was placing spike strips to stop the smugglers .  border agents believe two cars involved had entered the u.s. illegally .  the incident occurred over the california state line from arizona .  both vehicles drove back across the border and into mexic .
 amtrak officially rolls out writers ' residency <sec> writers can now apply to an amtrak writer residency , heading through their most scenic routes .  each residency will include accommodation on a sleeper car with a bed , a desk and outlets .  residencies will take place over two-to-five days on 15 long distance routes , and will be fre .
