 is 'game of thrones ' still as sharp ? <sec> `` game of thrones '' began its fourth season on sunday .  critics say it upheld the show 's reputation as one of the best programs on tv .  while it was n't as action-packed , it did explore character development .  the subsequent two episodes are expected to be just as goo .
 the new american job : part-time ? <sec> more than half new jobs created for the month of september were part-time jobs .  many americans are working several part-time jobs to support themselves .  part-time employees usually do not receive benefits or insurance .  some people have turned the loss of full-time employment into a career opportunit .
 why mastercard is establishing a nigerian identity <sec> nigerian authorities teamed up with mastercard to launch a new national identity card .  the card will also be used for electronic payments .  only about 30 % of nigeria 's population currently has a bank account .  some nigerians are angry their national identification document carries the mastercard log .
 tired of slights , embarrassment , man sheds 87 pounds <sec> at his heaviest , tim welch tipped the scales at 262 pounds .  battling depression , he reluctantly joined weight watchers .  he lost 87 pounds through exercise , portion control and better food choices .  welch says he 's become a more optimistic perso .
 twitter adds its own instagram-like photo filters <sec> twitter has added photo filters to its android and ios mobile apps .  the addition will help twitter compete against facebook-owned instagram .  this is the first time the social network has offered image editing tool .
 commentary : michelle obama 's smart fashion choices <sec> leslie sanchez : fashion choices are important strategy for a first lady .  she says michelle obama has wisely chosen image of a modern professional .  she says other first ladies have communicated an elite and expensive image .  sanchez : michelle obama 's style fits the times americans live i .
 khawaja makes history as first muslim in australian cricket team <sec> pakistan-born usman khawaja the first muslim to be selected in an australian test squad .  the 23-year-old khawaja may play against his country of birth in series in britain .  khawaja , a fully-qualified pilot , was born in islamabad but moved to australia when young .  the two-test series was moved to england due to safety concerns in pakista .
 boy races go-karts to help kids with cancer <sec> 7-year-old timmy `` mini '' tyrrell races go-karts to help kids with cancer .  timmy has raised more than $ 22,000 for the cause .  to help mini 's mission , visit his donation page onlin .
 18-year-old to be tried in death of 10-year-old colorado girl <sec> break came when sigg 's mother called 911 and handed him the phone .  10-year-old girl 's body parts were found in a denver suburb park .  arraignment set for march 12 .  sigg must face trial on 18 of 20 counts related to the slaying of jessica ridgewa .
 fbi : stowaway slips onto cross-country flight <sec> new : rep. king seeks tsa report to congress on the security breach .  tsa says an officer `` did not identify '' that the passenger lacked proper travel documents .  the tsa officers involved are under review , an official says .  virgin america says its crew may have missed an alert about noibi 's boarding pas .
 russia declares end to chechnya 'operation ' <sec> russia declares end to 10-year anti-terror `` operation '' in chechnya .  thousands of troops could be withdrawn from muslim-majority region .  former president boris yeltsin ordered the counter-terrorist operation in 199 .
 tokyo : where to shop <sec> ginza offers world-class shopping - check out the food hall in mitsukoshi .  takeshita-dori is where teenagers pick up their `` cosplay '' costumes .  omotesando is lined with boutiques , including louis vuitton and prada .  akihabara , or `` electric town , '' is the place to buy electronics and mang .
 bush pardons 19 , commutes sentence of meth dealer <sec> president bush continues a christmas tradition by issuing pardons .  convicted cheney aide lewis `` scooter '' libby is not among those pardoned .  posthumous pardon issued for man who ran guns to israeli jews in late 1940s .  life sentence of man convicted of methamphetamine commute .
 new 7 wonders of the world named <sec> new : .  star-studded event in lisbon , portugal , unveils the new wonders .  voting in the final hours so intense the web site crashed at times .  pyramids of giza given honorary status as a `` wonders '' membe .
 'a horror movie and a snuff movie ' <sec> mukesh kapila was the united nations ' top official in sudan in 2003 .  since that year , an estimated 300,000 darfuris have been killed or died .  he says a u.n. monitor 's warning of violence `` disappeared into a big hole '' .  kapila says atrocities could have been prevented if the world had taken action soone .
 nili lotan : dress to protest <sec> nili lotan is a fashion designer known for combining photojournalism and textiles .  lotan moved from israel in 1980 , but still draws upon her upbringing in her designs .  she has placed images of the fall of the berlin wall and woodstock on her dresse .
 u.s. official says superiors worked against effort to boost benghazi security <sec> new : ex-regional security officer in libya says people whose support he needed fought against him .  congressional hearing debates whether 'correct ' amount of security was in place at benghazi mission .  september 11 attack killed the u.s. ambassador to libya and three other americans .  obama administration changed its description of event from a protest gone awry to a terror attac .
 fugitive brothers surrender in guatemalan lawyer 's slaying <sec> brothers turned themselves in to special u.n. commission in guatemala .  they are being held at a military base .  lawyer staged his own death last year , investigation shows .  he hired brothers but they did n't know he was targeting himself , probe find .
 surreal and striking : enter the 'alien cartoon ' universe <sec> selly raby kane is a young senegalese fashion designer based in dakar .  her latest collection , `` alien cartoon , '' was unveiled inside the city 's old train station .  the work features striking creations with a quirky futuristic edge .  kane is part of an exciting crop of senegalese artists that want to have their voices hear .
 'the office , ' 'parks and rec ' return to lower ratings <sec> `` the office '' returned thursday to its lowest premiere rating ever .  nbc 's comedies `` up all night '' and `` parks and recreation '' also saw low ratings .  the network did have a few great weeks with the start of `` revolution '' and `` go on '' .  the low ratings suggest that nbc is going to have a rough time on thursdays this fal .
 sanitation worker serves jail time for early pickup <sec> kevin mcgill was initially ordered to serve 30 days in jail for picking up trash too early in the morning .  mcgill already began his sentence , doing two weekends behind bars .  city relents , letting him off with `` time served '' after story goes vira .
 blue angels commander steps down after subpar performance <sec> cmdr . .  dave koss says he is `` voluntarily leaving the greatest flight demonstration team '' .  his decision comes on the heels of a lower-than-normal maneuver during a may 22 performance .  the navy flight team cancels some scheduled appearance .
 donald sterling purportedly says he 's not racist in new recording <sec> new : shelly sterling 's attorney says she wants investment group to buy half of the team .  new : pierce o'donnell says shelly sterling has no racist feelings .  radaronline.com releases audio of man it says is clippers owner donald sterling .  man on recording denies he 's a racis .
 deadly tornado kills 124 , leaves 'twilight zone ' in its wake <sec> new : a tornado warning is issued , then canceled , for joplin .  roughly 8,000 structures sustained damage within the city .  750 people were treated at hospitals , an estimated 1,500 people are still unaccounted for .  the sunday tornado was an ef-5 storm with top winds of more than 200 mp .
 football : 'magic ' behind new mls franchise <sec> los angeles football club will join mls in 2017 .  city 's second team boasts magic johnson and mia hamm among its co-owners .  mls hopes club will form an intense rivalry with la galaxy .  club 's creation can help mls 'become one of world 's top leagues .
 iranian woman awaits execution as global outcry for mercy grows <sec> u.n agency , human rights groups rally to the cause of woman awaiting execution .  they say she was a victim of sexual assault and killed her attacker in self-defense in 2007 .  the man who was killed was a member of iran 's intelligence ministry .  under iran 's islamic law , the family of the slain man could agree to stay the executio .
 did brian williams embed with seal team six ? <sec> brian williams said he traveled with seal team 6 , got memento from osama bin laden raid .  peter bergen says claims may require review since seals took great pains to be cover .
 murray thrashes young to win thailand title <sec> britain 's andy murray claims third atp title of the season .  murray beats donald young 6-2 6-0 to win thailand open in bangkok .  serb janko tipsarevic wins first atp title of his career in malaysia .  home star li na beaten in first round of china ope .
 saving nature 's unborn from gulf oil disaster <sec> u.s. wildlife experts are moving sea turtle eggs by hand to save them from the oil disaster .  such a relocation effort has never been done before .  they are being taken from florida panhandle to kennedy space center .  they will be stored in a special nasa building , then released into the atlantic ocea .
 nick cannon on the fight for his life <sec> nick cannon suffered kidney failure as a result of lupus nephritis .  the condition also led to problems in his lungs and heart .  on the mend , he enjoys time with wife mariah carey and their twin .
 is elena kagan the right choice ? <sec> obama has nominated solicitor general elena kagan to fill empty supreme court seat .  experts weigh in on the nomination and the chances for approval .  opinions are mixed on whether she was a wise choic .
 nine children die in attack near indian consulate in afghanistan <sec> attack injures 23 , including many children .  three attackers die when one detonates a bomb .  attack is close to indian consulate in jalalabad .  indian government condemns the attac .
 facebook unveils new version of questions tool <sec> facebook 's new version is the result of nearly a year of beta testing .  version focuses on soliciting recommendations from friends .  updated version will be rolled out to current testers firs .
 memphis school principal found dead in classroom ; student held <sec> suzette york , 49 , was found dead in a classroom wednesday .  the cause of york 's death is unknown ; police detain a 17-year-old student .  officers responded to a call at memphis junior academy around 11:15 a.m .
 confessions of a black atheist <sec> african-american atheists represent a small but growing segment of american atheists at large .  most blacks , though , identify as religious , and the church is intricately tied to tradition , history and cultur .
 justin bieber 's iphone seized in egging probe <sec> deputies took bieber 's phone when they raided his mansion tuesday .  bieber should n't worry about nude photos or `` drug talk '' text , detective says .  `` it 's just the egg matter , '' detective says .  lil za tweets : `` the media is making me someone i 'm not .
 katrina recovery a priority in mississippi primary <sec> mississippi still recovering from hurricane katrina .  state holds its primaries tuesday .  most voters looking for a candidate who can help the area rebuild .  biloxi has seen a boost from the casino industr .
 yelena isinbayeva defends russia 's anti-gay propaganda law <sec> new : russia 's yelena isinbayeva issues statement trying to clarify controversial comments .  pole vault champion says she respects the opinions of her fellow athletes .  isinbayeva had criticized two swedes for highlighting gay rights issues .  american 800-meter runner nick symmonds expresses surprise at her initial comment .
 mother 's final duty to soldier son : escort his body home <sec> new : soldier laid to rest monday at arlington national cemetery .  spc . .  stephan mace was one of eight who died in october 3 battle in afghanistan .  vanessa adelson : `` it was my responsibility as a mother to bring him home '' .  mace gave his st. christopher medal to fellow soldiers before he die .
 tony abbott : australia 's pugnacious new prime minister <sec> tony abbott , next australian prime minister , is well known for his pugnacious style .  his gaffe-prone campaign has nevertheless been popular with australian electorate .  deflecting accusations of sexism , abbott has presented himself as unreconstructed male .  socially conservative politician is known to hold complex views in some areas of polic .
 nine killed in ski tour bus crash <sec> death toll rises to nine as tour bus runs off highway , rolls over .  bus was carrying at least 50 people when it crashed in southeastern utah .  bus was en route from telluride , colorado , to phoenix , arizona , after weekend ski tri .
 goodbye maps , hello apps : planning travel on the go <sec> apps are increasingly being used to plan travel on the go .  people use apps like they use maps and guidebooks , says tom dunmore , of mediablaze .  report says apps could be a $ 38 billion industry by 201 .
 fbi : dead newborn found in cruise ship cabin <sec> the baby was found on board the carnival dream .  the 20-year-old mother was interviewed by authorities on st. maarten .  the ship has returned to port canaveral , florid .
 legendary cricket commentator martin-jenkins dies <sec> martin-jenkins ' death comes three days after passing of cricket great tony greig .  he was cricket correspondent for bbc , daily telegraph , the times and editor of the cricketer .  he was president of marylebone cricket club from 2010-2011 .  martin-jenkins is being remembered as `` the very best '' in cricket journalis .
 supreme court takes up challenge to health care reform law <sec> the white house says it is confident the law will be found to be constitutional .  the supreme court agrees to hear challenges to the health care reform law .  a ruling is expected in june .  the law 's individual mandate is a key issue for the justice .
 police find record amount of meth during georgia raid <sec> new : jose galvez-vela , 33 , charged with trafficking methamphetamine .  police say lab was discovered in vacant home outside atlanta .  it 's believed to be one of the largest meth confiscations in the united states .  933 pounds of methamphetamine with estimated value of $ 44,641,000 recovere .
 mms was troubled long before oil spill <sec> minerals management service has a troubled history , government reports say .  report : inspectors got meals , tickets to sports events from companies they monitored .  interior department chief ken salazar says he 's trying to change mms culture , structure .  mms director elizabeth birnbaum has been fired , sources sa .
 u.n. : brutality against women in congo 'beyond rape ' <sec> u.n. finds gang-rape rampant ; men forced to rape daughters , mothers , sisters .  victims shot or stabbed in genital area , survivors forced to eat excrement , flesh .  army , police , non-state militias involved , protected by senior authorities .  justice system does nothing to protect women and girls from atrocitie .
 russia taking jabs at sweden ( opinion ) <sec> vladimir putin 's russia is by no means the threat the soviet union was during the cold war .  but moscow has increasingly been willing to flex muscles with neighbors , says gary schmitt .  sweden has expanded operational ties with russia , schmitt say .
 cnn poll : big swing for dems but not where they need it <sec> democrats edged out republicans 47 % to 45 % in generic ballot .  60 % of americans disapprove of how congress handled the war with isis .  the economy is more important than military action against isis among voters by a 2-1 margi .
 'hour of power ' televangelist robert schuller dies <sec> the rev . .  robert schuller , 88 , had been diagnosed with esophageal cancer in 2013 .  his tv show , `` hour of power , '' was enormously popular in the 1970s and 1980 .
 changing the world through art <sec> jeff hanson , a visually impaired teen , is using his paintings to help others .  hanson has donated more than $ 350,000 to over 50 charities .  his goal is to raise a million dollars for charit .
 death of terror 's tiniest victim called 'surreal , ' 'tragic ' <sec> 8-year-old bombing victim martin richard reportedly attended marathon with his family .  richard 's father was a spectator , a family spokesman tells cnn .  his mother and sister were seriously injured and hospitalized , whdh reports .  candlelight vigil planned tuesday ; boy 's father thanks communit .
 congo 's `` terminator '' surrenders , what next for peace ? <sec> sasha lezhnev notes a notorious congolese warlord turned himself in .  lezhnev says there may be positive news , but human tragedy persists in the region .  a 25-year-old charcoal maker is still searching for his wife and infant son .  lezhnev : now is a crucial time for world community to help make peace a realit .
 freedom group , a gunmaker ripe for an ethical takeover <sec> the owner of america 's largest gunmaker is putting firm up for sale .  john macintosh says billionaires should lead effort to acquire the gun manufacturer .  he says they should change corporate practices to discourage violence .  macintosh : one leading company could push gun industry in a more ethical directio .
 halle berry gives birth to a son <sec> berry 's rep gave few details about the new son .  the actress married the boy 's father in july .  berry revealed in april that she was expecting a baby with the french actor .  the oscar-winner has a 5-year-old daughter with ex-boyfriend gabriel aubr .
 illegal immigrants detained , then freed to work <sec> immigration raid led to detention of 28 people in washington state .  raid was first of its kind under the new obama administration .  homeland security chief says she was unaware of raid , ordered investigation .  foes of illegal immigration angry about `` de facto amnesty '' for freed detainee .
 royal babies : five things you did n't know <sec> government ministers used to be present at all royal births .  queen victoria was the first monarch to use anesthesia in childbirth .  prince william was the first heir to the british throne to be born in hospital .  while they have plenty of first names , royal babies do n't need a surnam .
 motley crue go above and beyond for vegas residency <sec> tommy lee told rolling stone that mötley crüe is still working out the logistics of the vegas residency .  the band has decided to push their creativity and musicality .  the joint shows run through february 19 , but lee hopes the band can take lessons from the residenc .
 commentary : open your minds , america <sec> rudy ruiz : it 's become unfashionable to have an open mind about issues .  he says labels like `` socialism '' and `` fascism '' obscure the real choices .  he says it 's a sign of rationality to be open to the evidence .  ruiz : let 's listen to each other and take into consideration wider range of viewpoint .
 jb holmes completes comeback win at quail hollow <sec> jb holmes wins wells fargo championship .  overnight leader finishes with 71 for 14-under 274 .  holmes had double brain surgery in 2011 .  phil mickelson fades to final round 7 .
 terrified 911 callers detail explosion at josh powell 's home <sec> sheriff 's department releases several 911 tapes .  a social worker says she fears for the kids ' lives .  josh powell 's sister says she is worried about her brother .  powell 's attorney says the fire was 'intentional .
 steve jobs as master showman , cult hero <sec> author describes pandemonium surrounding steve jobs press conferences .  the apple co-founder had cult-figure status in the tech world .  the company 's product annoucements are blockbuster events .  one audience member shrieked with joy as jobs announced ipad in 201 .
 south africans remember nelson mandela year after death <sec> officials schedule a series of events to mark the anniversary of nelson mandela 's death .  they include a wreath-laying ceremony , a cricket match and blaring of vuvuzelas .  graca machel discusses the need to carry her husband 's legacy forwar .
