 mh370 : hope transcends frustration in quest to bring families closure <sec> the search for the missing boeing 777 has gone on for eight weeks now .  no closer to solving mystery of what happened to the 239 men , women , and children .  despite frustration , searchers remain determined to bring closure to relatives of passenger .
 life and death under syria 's military onslaught <sec> cnn crew explains how they were smuggled into homs , syria , to witness a brutal crackdown on regime opponents .  after a year of protests across syria , homs was the focus of a military effort to quash the uprising .  women live in basements , snipers kill from rooftops , medics battle the odds in chaos .  a home being used as a media center was targeted by the syrian military surrounding the cit .
 arms into art : weapons of mass creation <sec> craftsmen in liberia transform scrap weapons into artwork .  their art ranges from furniture and candle stands to lamps and trees .  liberia descended into a vicious civil war in 1989 that last for 14 years .  fyrkuna metalworks say its work is part of the nation 's healing proces .
 england soccer star john terry denies racist abuse <sec> new : a lip reader tells the court what john terry said , including two extremely obscene words .  ferdinand says he did not hear the alleged racist abuse , but would have been hurt .  terry , one of england 's biggest stars , faces a potential fine of about $ 3,900 if convicted .  english soccer officials are struggling to stamp racism out of the spor .
 opinion : in the digital age , everyone is becoming a spook <sec> the uk government has suggested new powers for monitoring of digital communications `` in certain circumstances . '' .  keen : such surveillance is threatening to undermine citizens ' rights to private online communications . .  the use of surveillance technology now extends beyond authoritarian regimes , says keen . .  keen backs digital `` right to be forgotten '' legislation proposed by some legislator .
 gyrocopter pilot doug hughes blogged about his reasons <sec> doug hughes , 61 , said the point was to present solutions to corruption .  hughes mentioned the idea a couple of years ago , his friend says .  hughes had a son who committed suicide , report say .
 '10 things i hate about you ' star andrew keegan starts new religion <sec> andrew keegan started a new age temple and spiritual movement .  keegan played joey donner alongside heath ledger and julia stiles .  he says his movement is a community , not a cul .
 official : dad warned u.s. of son but 'no suggestion ' of terrorist act <sec> in november , suspect 's father told officials at u.s. embassy in nigeria that son went to yemen .  umaru abdulmutallab said he believed son was under influence of religious extremists .  official says embassy notified state department , which found no cause to revoke visa .  `` there was no suggestion he was about to carry out a terrorist act , '' official say .
 suicide blast kills 25 in pakistan ; taliban claims responsibility <sec> new : afghanistan 's prime minister condemns attack by `` enemies of humanity '' .  the pakistan taliban claims responsibility for the attack .  the blast happened outside a police station .  a suicide bomber blew himself up near law-enforcement and court building .
 artists tackle 'man vs nature ' debate <sec> sculpture show aims to make people engage with nature .  curator david worthington says art is capable of changing people 's habits .  artists communicate through emotions , rather than by placing demands , he say .
 here today , gone tomorrow ? saving somaliland 's heritage <sec> sada mire is on a mission to raise awareness about somali cultural heritage .  the archaeologist discovered prehistoric cave art in somaliland in 2007 .  mire is the head of somaliland 's department of antiquitie .
 fda loosens restrictions on diabetes drug avandia <sec> restrictions on avandia were put in place in 2010 .  studies showed an increased risk of serious heart problems .  additional research shows no additional cardiovascular risk with avandi .
 when in rome ... find a new way to maintain the colosseum <sec> italy is seeking new ways to pay for the upkeep of its most popular monuments .  political leaders have noted the country is struggling to manage its vast portfolio of historic landmarks .  partnerships with major italian brands could be a way to maintain the likes of the colosseum in rom .
 what was in the mind of andreas lubitz ? ( opinion ) <sec> eric zillmer : it 's hard to predict or prevent tragedies like the germanwings crash .  he says german airlines should consider more rigorous psychological screening and testing for pilot .
 ted turner admitted to hospital , spokesman says <sec> spokesman : ted turner is admitted to a hospital while in south america .  argentinian state news : he went to a clinic in bariloche .  doctors determined that turner had appendicitis , this state news report says .  he was flown to buenos aires for surgery , according to telam repor .
 'lone ranger ' director : making a blockbuster ai n't easy <sec> director gore verbinski says audience expectations are high for a summer blockbuster .  the demands for a movie as big as `` the lone ranger '' are even greater .  between the weather and creating the sets , the production was grueling .  producer jerry bruckheimer : `` [ verbinski ] makes big movies and that 's what audiences love .
 obama fires up house democrats to help push through stimulus bill <sec> obama : `` we 're not going to get relief '' using same policies that doubled debt .  president rejects calls for more tax cuts , significant slashing of the bill 's price tag .  obama stresses that both sides must work together to provide relief .  obama : `` economy that is already in crisis will be faced with catastrophe .
 closure of afghan supply base begins <sec> tajikistan , uzbekistan may allow u.s. military supplies heading to afhanistan .  kyrgyzstan president completes next step towards closure of u.s. base .  the u.s. says it 's still working with the country to keep the operation open .  the manas base is used to transport key supplies and troops into afghanista .
 williams ' daughter claire promoted to deputy role <sec> claire williams appointed deputy team principal at william f1 team .  claire will be working beneath her father and team principal frank williams .  monisha kaltenborn became the sport 's first female team principal at sauber last year .  williams ' test driver suzie wolff is the only female driver currently employed in the spor .
 iran 's ayatollah ali khamenei vilifies u.s. on twitter <sec> iran 's supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei compares u.s. protests to middle east conflicts .  one tweet included # blacklivesmatter , a hashtag popularized by supporters of eric garne .
 one person missing after blast levels businesses <sec> one person unaccounted for .  three businesses destroyed in downtown bozeman , montana .  eleven people initially reported missing after natural gas explosion .  it was not clear what triggered the blas .
 why ross mathews decided to 'man up ! ' <sec> ross mathews doubles as `` tonight show '' correspondent and `` chelsea lately '' guest .  his memoir `` man up ! '' .  is due out on may 7 .  mathews : `` this book is about me , and the world through my eyes .
 beijing journal : an underground 'parallel universe ' <sec> american university student exploring beijing 's underground tunnels .  part of capital 's `` underground city '' now open to tourists .  beijing 's underground tunnel network was built in 1970s as giant bomb shelte .
 hungry during the holidays <sec> cnn 's rosa flores was moved by a woman she met covering a story .  katherine m. is raising her three grandchildren on food stamps and very little money .  to earn extra cash , katherine collects aluminum cans on the streets of harlem .  how can you help ? .  go to cnn.com/impac .
 top general open to u.s. ground troops against isis - cnnpolitics.com <sec> president obama `` will not deploy ground troops in a combat role , '' spokesman says .  gen. martin dempsey 's comments to a senate panel are characterized as a hypothetical .  dempsey said he 'd recommend sending military advisers into combat if necessar .
 amazon outage takes down reddit , foursquare , others <sec> outage of amazon storage center blamed for reddit , other sites going down for some .  foursquare , instagram , flipboard , airbnb also impacte .
 usually harmless turbulence can be dangerous , deadly <sec> three turbulence-related deaths since 1980 , faa says .  at least two of the three were people not wearing seat belts .  turbulence is caused by quick changes in air movement .  air pockets from `` clear-air '' turbulence are hard to detec .
 illinois girl 's body exhumed in 1957 slaying <sec> maria ridulph 's remain were exhumed wednesday , 54 years after her death .  investigators hope new tests will bolster their case .  the man accused of killing the 7-year-old is being extradited from seattl .
 udinese go top as milan thrash catania <sec> udinese have gone top of italian serie a after a 2-1 home victory over siena .  lazio are level on points after beating parma 1-0 while milan win 4-0 and are third .  juventus are now down in fourth position after their match at napoli was postpone .
 quadriplegic child found dead in storage facility <sec> new : child 's adoptive mother is in custody as a suspect , official says .  relatives told police they had n't seen shylea thomas in weeks .  child had `` suffocation issue '' in crib at 3 weeks of age , was quadriplegic .  body was found stuffed in trash bag , covered with mothball .
 cnn student news - november 6 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 opinion : lose weight , gain an oscar ? <sec> best actor fave matthew mcconaughey lost 50 pounds for `` dallas buyers club '' .  charlize theron became fat and unrecognizable for `` monster '' and won the oscar .  robert de niro played boxer thin and really fat ; george clooney put on weight for `` syriana '' .  gene seymour : hollywood loves actors who change appearance or persona drasticall .
 atletico beat real madrid in league for first time since 1999 <sec> atletico beat real in madrid league fixture for first time since 1999 .  diego costa 's first half strike maintains atletico 's 100 % start to league season .  injury to lionel messi mars barcelona 2-0 win against almeria .  napoli beat genoa 2-0 in serie a ; paris saint-germain beat toulouse 2-0 in ligue .
 saving hemingway 's home in cuba <sec> ernest hemingway lived at finca vigia outside havana for over 20 years .  the house , now a museum , receives over 40,000 visitors a year .  despite its popularity , finca vigia nearly fell victim to cuba 's humid , hurricane-prone environment .  a team is navigating u.s. embargo restrictions to bring restoration experts to the projec .
 what will , wo n't get done before congress leaves town - cnnpolitics.com <sec> gop , dems push competing border plans , but policy change may be biggest obstacle .  sen. bernie sanders and rep. jeff miller said they have reached a deal over va reforms .  congress is likely to punt on a highway bill with a stopgap measure through may .  house republicans expected to authorize suit against president obama over obamacar .
 review : 'wrath of the titans ' is more fun than its predecessor <sec> sam worthington plays the mighty perseus in `` wrath of the titans '' .  a lot of the digital effects are quite good .  worthington seems to be getting slightly less stiff as an acto .
 humanitarian agency accelerates efforts to fight hunger in africa <sec> the world food programme quickens aid delivery to starving refugees in african region .  a series of flights begun tuesday is expected to feed 1.6 million people for a day .  the agency is sending substances high in energy and nutrients to malnourished children .  the wfp feeds more than 90 million people in 70 countrie .
 japan 's maglev train sets world record : 603 kph <sec> japanese maglev train sets new speed record : 603 kilometers per hour .  the train is planned to begin service in 202 .
 think you know your democratic convention trivia ? <sec> the longest democratic convention was 17 days ; the shortest -- six hours .  fdr was the first to give acceptance speech in person at a convention .  more than 4,000 delegates will be on hand for this year 's democratic convention .  the youngest delegate is 17-year-old david gilbert pederson from minnesot .
 inside politics : clinton war of words -- 'it 's just the beginning ' <sec> republican strategist karl rove asked if hillary clinton had suffered brain injury .  bill clinton laughed off rove 's attack , saying , `` they 'll get better at it '' .  clinton confidant thinks the `` cheap shot '' makes it more likely that she 'll ru .
 can baghdad be beautiful again ? <sec> 20th century architecture and traditional styles produce an attractive low-rise city .  some great buildings -- and some bad ones -- were erected under saddam hussein .  concrete barricades , dust and neglect have damaged the architecture in recent year .
 review : 'pacific rim ' more of a mash-up <sec> guillermo del toro directed `` pacific rim '' .  critic says silly dialogue is not the most serious problem .  ew gives a grade of b .
 opposition group calls for protests over senegal election ruling <sec> president 's office predicts tuesday protest will be small .  senegal 's opposition movement calls for mass protest against election ruling .  the ruling friday keeps three independent candidates off the ballot .  it also allows the country 's president to run for a third ter .
 aid group : missing cash hits zimbabwe 's malaria fight <sec> corruption in zimbabwe threatens efforts to tackle malaria , aid officials say .  group demands that zimbabwe 's government return $ 7.3 million of donor money .  western diplomat says money was taken by president mugabe 's governmen .
 california 'yes means yes ' sex law wo n't work ( opinion ) <sec> california requires colleges to require participants ' `` affirmative consent '' during sex .  pepper schwartz : consent must continue , step by step , but that 's not how sex happens .  schwartz : being drunk or high is the real cause of sexual calamities in college .  she says if you want to stop misunderstandings and assault , you must address overdrinkin .
 intelligence chiefs : social media helped in monitoring recent revolts <sec> cia chief , national intelligence director testify before senate intelligence committee .  tracking social media for intelligence clues is a daunting task , cia chief tells senators .  sen. feinstein drills for more information about muslim brotherhood 's positions .  cia clarifies panetta 's remarks about likelihood of bin laden ending up at guantanam .
 how u.s. is making iraq worse ( opinion ) <sec> iraqi forces have been involved in an offensive to retake tikrit .  rula jebreal : short-term tactical victories wo n't be enough to defeat isi .
 broccoli salad recalled for possible listeria <sec> taylor farms recalls more than 5,000 pounds of broccoli salad kit products .  there have been no reports of illnesses .  listeriosis typically affects elderly , pregnant women , infant .
 'relieved ' schumacher visits massa in hospital <sec> new : michael schumacher is relieved after visiting felipe massa in hospital .  formula one legend will replace massa for european grand prix in valencia .  massa suffered fractured skull in high-speed crash at hungarian g.p . .  massa expected to go home to brazil on monday says his personal docto .
 police identify twitter user accused of making threat <sec> police say person is not in new york city but will be interviewed .  `` we take the threat seriously , '' says deputy police commissioner paul browne .  police have bolstered security at a broadway theater and other public areas across new yor .
 opinion : when crocodiles roamed north and south poles <sec> mark pagani : co2 level in atmosphere portends major changes .  he says research on the past shows the dangers of high levels of greenhouse gases .  today 's co2 levels comparable to time when greenland had little ice , sea was 65 feet higher .  pagani : with more co2 , we hark back to when crocodiles and sub-tropical plants inhabited the pole .
 cinco de mayo do 's and don'ts <sec> cinco de may commemorates mexico 's victory against the french during the battle of puebla .  many confuse the celebration with mexican independence day which is september 16 .  drinking and partying is a popular way to mark cinco de mayo in the united states .  the holiday is n't widely celebrated in mexico ; a scholar claims it was created in californi .
 death penalty possible in alleged shooting , burning case , lawyer says <sec> new : michael bargo could face the death penalty if convicted , his attorney says .  new : `` we are not admitting any guilt at this time , '' says attorney charles holloman .  divers find three paint buckets suspected of containing the victim 's remains .  bargo appeared in court thursday , where he was denied bond .
 students work to improve water quality in india <sec> students from university of southern california go to india to improve quality of life .  team provides innovative water treatment measures to stop disease .  other team teaches how to prevent oral cancer , one of top 3 cancers in india .  students employ locals to maintain program and monitor efficiency over next yea .
 woman arrested in police killing probe <sec> of 10 people arrested , only one has been charged in connection with the investigation so far .  ronan kerr , 25 , was killed april 2 in a car bombing in omagh .  police vow to `` pursue every possible line of enquiry .
 opinion : why obamacare ? 3 charts <sec> sally kohn : obama 's fix on cancelled health plan lets us refocus on implementation .  she says enrollment numbers lagging , but recall , romneycare signups slow too .  she health insurance system was disaster that obamacare will ultimately redress .  kohn : gop lies meant to thwart implementation that will help families , econom .
 aaron hernandez greets jury pool <sec> ex football player hernandez is charged with murder .  jury selection has begun ; the pool includes more than 1,100 peopl .
 wikileaks ' assange loses sex case appeal but will fight on <sec> new : assange will appeal , his legal team says .  in a surprise move , the supreme court leaves open a possible avenue of appeal .  two women in sweden accuse assange of sexual assault .  the case is not connected to his work at wikileak .
 sebastian vettel 's lonely life in formula one 's fast lane <sec> sebastian vettel won 13 of the 19 grands prix in the 2013 formula one season .  red bull racer wrapped up a fourth straight title and equaled record for nine straight race wins .  lewis hamilton says vettel `` can just cruise '' to wins ; vettel says he is not bored by winning .  new rules changes coming in 2014 could halt vettel and red bull 's winning strea .
 u.s. kills somali with links to al qaeda , officials say <sec> new : officials : islamic militant leader adan hashi ayrow killed by u.s. strike .  ayrow 's al-shaabab group reportedly has close ties to al qaeda .  strike hit house and killed at least 10 , a town elder say .
 al qaeda : we 're sorry about yemen hospital attack <sec> the head of al qaeda in the arabian peninsula apologizes for a hospital attack .  `` we offer our apologies and condolences to the families of the victims , '' he says .  cnn 's bergen : it 's unusual to see `` such a direct , fast , public apology '' .  yemen 's government had released surveillance footage of the deadly attac .
 10 tips on being a good twitterer <sec> cnn tech columnist chris pirillo offers 10 tips on how to be a good twitterer .  say whatever you feel , but also remember that it could exist on the web forever .  crowdsource . .  if you have an idea , or a question , do n't hold it in -- let it be known ! .  keep your eye out for tweetups , which are meetups for people on twitte .
 dads in shorts , stylish moms on hot new web sites <sec> some `` kids '' are proud of how stylish their parents were years ago .  photos from the '60s and '70s are popping up on sites celebrating parents .  3 to check : dads in short shorts , my parents were awesome , my mom , the style icon .  old photo albums and recessionary times may have sparked nostalgi .
 why ca n't we share the truth about war ? <sec> oren moverman says soldiers ' stories tell war 's truth , but media often avoid them .  he says visiting soldiers in a military hospital is inspiring , not pretty , but important .  listening to soldiers ' experience lets society confront its responsibility in war , he say .
