 opinion : rein in ukraine 's neo-fascists <sec> russian president putin says violent far-right groups are behind coup d'etat in kiev .  david speedie : far-right activity might be exaggerated , but eu has condemned them .  speedie : the far-right party svoboda holds key posts in the new ukrainian government .  he says the far right must be marginalized to attain a democratic , peaceful ukrain .
 scientists discover lizard , frog species in australian rainforest <sec> scientists say the three new species have been isolated in forest for millions of years .  discovered species include leaf-tail gecko , golden skink and a boulder-dwelling frog .  herpetologist : gecko is `` strangest new species to come across my desk in 26 years '' .  finding species in `` lost world '' of cape melville is `` discovery of a lifetime , '' scientist say .
 california school principal , arrested in husband 's death , released <sec> new : school principal arrested in connection with husband 's death is released from jail .  todd chance 's body was found on august 25 .  leslie chance , a school principal , was arrested .  deputies allege chance abandoned her husband 's car after the shootin .
 iraqi reinforcements sent to battle isis at refinery <sec> isis attacked the baiji oil refinery saturday .  the refinery , iraq 's largest , has long been a lucrative target for militant .
 'walking dead ' big finale : shows to watch this week <sec> `` the walking dead '' has a 90-minute season finale on sunday .  co-star sonequa martin-green says it 's the most jam-packed finale yet .  the fox comedy `` weird loners '' premiere .
 air asia facts <sec> air asia launched as a low fare , no frills airline in 2001 .  its fleet has expanded from two , when it began , to 28 .  aiair asiaas the first airline to introduce sms bookin .
 maven spacecraft close to entering mars orbit <sec> why did ancient mars change so dramatically ? .  maven sent to get answers .  maven stands for mars atmosphere and volatile evolution craft .  it 's scheduled to enter orbit around the red planet on sunday night .  mars will be having plenty of other visitors : a spacecraft from india and a come .
 missing french chef 's body found stuffed in freezer <sec> body of missing man is found in a freezer in a lyon apartment .  the man 's girlfriend has been taken into custody in the case .  poinard was a well-known chef in the 1970s and 80 .
 bergdahl 'life ' video shown , senators still skeptical - cnnpolitics.com <sec> obama administration gives senators classified briefing on bergdahl decision .  lawmakers say they saw `` proof of life '' video that was key in administration decision .  the administration 's rationale for trading terror suspects has come under fire .  sen. marco rubio said the session shed little new light on the issu .
 american alexander rossi to get home run in u.s grand prix <sec> alexander rossi set to drive for caterham formula one team at u.s. grand prix .  the californian will take part in first practice at the austin circuit .  rossi will become the first american to drive in f1 session at the track .  scott speed is the last american to race in f1 back in 200 .
 a deluge in london , but this time it 's raining poems <sec> helicopter hovers over central london , scattering 100,000 poems on to delighted crowds .  one poet included from each country participating in olympic games .  `` rain of poems '' marks beginning of what is being described as biggest gathering of poet .
 sony loses record $ 5.7 billion <sec> sony lost a record $ 5.7 billion in the fiscal year ending in march .  japanese electronics giant finishes its fourth straight year with a loss .  the company predicts a $ 376.5 million net profit this current fiscal yea .
 u.s. : ex-mexican president merits immunity in massacre case <sec> new : plaintiff 's lawyers criticize zedillo being granted immunity , say he knew about the killings .  heirs of 45 indian villagers killed in 1997 accused zedillo of crimes against humanity .  the ex-mexican president denied allegations his office was responsible for their deaths .  u.s. supports giving him immunity , saying he is n't liable for lower level officials ' action .
 puerto rico : a forgotten front in america 's drug war ? <sec> officials blame drug trafficking for more than 70 % of puerto rico 's homicides .  the u.s. commonwealth 's murder rate is five times the national average .  puerto rico 's governor calls for more federal assistance .  lawmaker : the increase in violence `` is alarming and unacceptable .
 prolific nobel winner 's pen name ? 'not talking ' <sec> new : one activist hopes mo yan uses his acclaim to fight repression .  his novel `` frog '' explored the traditional chinese preference for boys over girls .  canadian alice munro and folk singer bob dylan had been mentioned as front-runners .  mo recently won china 's prestigious mao dun literary awar .
 postal service may default on a $ 5.5 billion trust fund payment <sec> postal service may miss september 30 payment to retiree fund .  officials vow no interruption in payroll , mail , or payments to suppliers .  postmaster general to plead for more flexibility in tuesday hearing on capitol hil .
 historic steamboat may be on last cruise <sec> delta queen paddlewheeler has been in service since 1927 .  boat is last steam-powered paddlewheeler providing overnight passenger cruises .  vessel needs new exemption from 1960s federal law .  safety of seas act bars largely wooden ships from overnight cruise .
 pope 's christmas message urges peace in troubled lands <sec> benedict prays for peace in the middle east and in beleaguered christian communities .  he mentions conflict zones and lands devastated by natural disaster .  tens of thousands brave the rain to hear the annual papal address in vatican cit .
 not all in northern sudan embrace islamic law <sec> sudan 's president has pledged to strengthen sharia , or islamic law .  many southerners equate sharia with slavery .  northern sudan is diverse , though sharia enjoys suppor .
 severe weather , including tornadoes , ahead in midwest <sec> thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for the midwest and the plains .  tornadoes could strike thursday night and frida .
 uk prime minister promises 'full force of the law ' in violent protests <sec> prime minister david cameron says protesters who resorted to violence will `` feel the full force of the law '' .  police not to blame , cameron said .  students enraged by tuition hikes .  national union of students condemns violence .  the nus is calling for full investigation into police tactic .
 iran 's supreme leader overrules president on intelligence chief <sec> ahmadinejad accepted the intelligence minister 's resignation .  supreme ruler khamenei then rejected the change .  it is the latest indication of a rift between the tw .
 giant rubber duck bursts in taiwan <sec> giant rubber duck deflates 11 days after arriving in taiwan 's keelung city harbor .  locals speculate weather or birds to blame for demise of art installation by dutch artist .  officials promise a new rubber duck will be installed as soon as possibl .
 apple watch : smartwatches could make us even more self-obsessed <sec> smartwatches have hidden , darker side the companies selling them are unlikely to talk about , says andre spicer .  spicer : average smartphone users check phone 150 times a day , starting just minutes after waking up .  we 're also likely to become more anxious about things we may never have given second thought to , he add .
 gadhafi launches airstrikes as civil war rages in libya <sec> new : president obama pledges $ 15 million in humanitarian aid .  new : libya 's foreign minister accuses some western nations of helping divide the country .  nato begins around-the-clock surveillance flights .  3 members of the u.n. security council discuss a possible no-fly zon .
 no need to hang up your running shoes as you age <sec> stanford university study finds that running did not damage joints in aging runners .  runners still need to take precautions : do n't run with injuries , wear proper shoes .  aging runners less likely to die from certain ailments , study say .
 13 killed in clash on mexico-u.s. border lake <sec> mexico 's navy says a shootout occurred around an island used to store marijuana .  twelve suspected members of the zetas drug gang and one member of mexico 's navy are killed .  falcon lake is between texas and the mexican state of tamaulipas .  it drew attention last year after an american was reportedly shot ther .
 not everyone surprised at oscar pistorius ' fall from grace <sec> pistorius is charged with murder but says he thought he was shooting an intruder .  journalist says pistorius had prior incidents swept under the rug .  one friend says oscar pistorius threatened to fight him over a girl .  another friend said pistorius was a good guy , never aggressiv .
 when ghosts attack <sec> sci fi channel ghost hunter says ghosts can get pushy .  `` ghost hunters '' inspires others to delve into the paranormal .  work follows them to their homes , ghost hunters say .  ghost hunter : `` i felt a very large finger or paw poke me .
 music icons amy winehouse , john lydon captured <sec> hedi slimane has photographed amy winehouse , pete doherty , john lydon and more .  former dior homme designer-turned-photographer talks about turning his back on fashion .  recently published collection of his work , `` anthology of a decade '' .  currently working on a solo exhibition , `` california song .
 chavez reveals personal side , criticizes u.s . <sec> venezuelan president hugo chavez says he loves jesus christ , u.s. people , culture .  chavez says he hopes for improved relations with u.s. president barack obama .  he denies he is trying to shut down critical media in venezuela .  he denies iran would help venezuela obtain nuclear technolog .
 bode miller has surgery after world championships crash <sec> bode miller severes hamstring tendon in crash at world championships in colorado .  miller , 37 , had been in the middle of the day 's fastest run before catching a gate and landing badly .  picabo street , 1998 olympic champion , believes the injury may end miller 's caree .
 brazilian family invites boy 's american father for christmas <sec> new : boy at center of custody dispute may be allowed to go to u.s. , family says .  u.s. lawmaker says man plans to appeal ruling to brazil 's supreme court .  ex-wife took son to brazil in 2004 , never returned him to new jersey .  she died in childbirth ; boy 's stepfather says he should stay in brazi .
 plane scrapes wing during landing in germany <sec> amateur video of the moment the lufthansa flight scraped its wing .  strong winds blamed for the near miss at hamburg airport .  the plane recovered and landed safely the second time aroun .
 snow maps from space aid reindeer herders <sec> sámi herders using satellite-based maps of snow to judge best areas .  climate change has made it harder to find foraging spots for reindeer herds .  technology could also be used to monitor land-use change over tim .
 suspected sudan rebel leaders surrender to court <sec> new : surrender means all attack suspects are in custody .  men are charged with three counts of war crimes .  charges stem from fatal 2007 attack on african union peacekeepers .  12 peacekeepers died , 8 others were severely wounde .
 study : breastfed babies have a higher iq <sec> long-term study finds that iq at age 30 was nearly 4 points higher for babies breastfed for a year or more .  study conducted in brazil also associates longer breastfeeding with higher income and education levels .  critic points out that the study does n't account for other possible contributing factor .
 gop hammers legal case against obama on immigration - cnnpolitics.com <sec> republicans focused their criticism on the legal case against obama 's immigration proposal .  republicans say the president is over stepping the legal boundaries of his authority .  obama addressed the nation in a prime time speech thursday nigh .
 man held over daughter 's '6-year kidnap , rape ' <sec> daughter accuses polish man of holding her captive 6 years , fathering 2 sons .  police detained 45-year-old man in eastern city of siedlce .  officers to conduct tests on boys to determine if the man is their father .  recalls case of austria 's josef fritzl , accused of holding daughter for 24 year .
 the beatles of myth , the beatles of reality <sec> new biography tries to set beatles record straight .  author mark lewisohn 's `` tune in '' is exhaustive , and just first volume of three .  beatles can be heard at career 's beginning on new album of bbc recordings .  the group may have been groundbreaking , but they were still just people , says lewisoh .
 cosby says guns , not race , the key issue in trayvon martin case <sec> bill cosby says trayvon martin 's race does n't make any difference .  it 's more important that george zimmerman had a gun when he encountered martin , he says .  some believe having a gun `` will win arguments , '' which cosby calls dangerous .  martin was killed in february ; zimmerman is charged in his deat .
 should obama get credit for the obama economy ? <sec> the obama legacy likely will include many elements .  one will be the economy .  it might even be the one in the long-term of histor .
 cnn student news - september 17 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 europe 's best small hotels <sec> these chic , small-scale hotels show bigger is n't necessarily better .  hôtel ville d'hiver in france offers an extensive wine list from the region 's best vineyards .  one wall at the consolación in spain is made entirely of glass , for unobstructed view .
 teen transplant patient allegedly abducted by father found in wisconsin hospital <sec> new : brittany jones , 14 , and her father have been located at a wisconsin hospital , police say .  new : an abduction alert was issued for jones after she was taken from a st. louis hospital , police say .  jones , who underwent a kidney transplant in 2010 , was in the custody of illinois child protective service .
 revolutionaries face fierce fight in gadhafi 's hometown <sec> an anti-gadhafi official predicts `` drastic '' changes soon in sirte and bani walid .  he says loyalists no longer control parts of sirte , gadhafi 's birthplace .  `` fierce fighting '' is ongoing in the southwestern city of sabha , he adds .  a `` final call '' is issued for pro-gadhafi forces to switch or face `` treason '' charge .
 fa charge liverpool 's suarez over alleged racial slur <sec> english football association charges luis suarez with making racist remarks .  suarez alleged to have aimed racial taunts at manchester united 's patrice evra .  liverpool say suarez will plead not guilty and is determined to clear his nam .
 ron palillo , tv 's 'horshack , ' dead at 63 <sec> palillo played arnold horshack on `` welcome back , kotter '' .  he died of a heart attack in florida at age 63 , his agent said .  he had been teaching acting to high school student .
 police drop probe into referee at center of racism storm <sec> police drop their investigation into premier league referee mark clattenburg .  the official was the subject of a complaint from chelsea back in october .  club allege he made inappropriate comments to their player john obi mikel .  society of black lawyers referred the complaint to the metropolitan polic .
 pakistan 's pervez musharraf plots next step <sec> musharraf must appear in court .  `` it 's risky , certainly , '' he says about his planned return .  he plans to have private security as well as government securit .
 'dorky ' woods reveals why vonn is a good match <sec> tiger woods speaks to cnn 's rachel nichols about match-up with lindsey vonn and kids .  world no.1 has completed most successful year since 2009 winning five pga tour titles .  woods frustrated at lack major wins but hopes to emulate ben hogan 's late career succes .
 irs inspector general : liberals also on target list <sec> new : the irs inspector general says liberal groups also were on target list .  committee chairman issa concedes there is no proof that irs targeting was political .  issa is looking for a possible white house role in the targeting .  democratic rep. cummings says issa is on a partisan witch hun .
 dida suspension reduced on appeal <sec> milan goalkeeper dida is partially successful against two-match uefa ban .  dida misses wednesday 's home champions league tie against shakhtar .  second game of ban suspended for one year freeing him for return in ukrain .
 the sad , wonderful , complicated life of charles m. schulz <sec> charles schulz subject of new biography , `` schulz and peanuts '' .  book reveals little-known side of schulz , including affairs .  schulz very much a `` genius , '' says author -- a complex personalit .
 snowmen and suffering : a bleak winter for young syrian refugees <sec> more than a million children have fled the brutal three-year civil war in syria . .  842,000 syrian refugees are spending the winter in lebanon , the u.n. says . .  misery in the camps was compounded by the arrival of winter storm `` alexa . .
 communists , graft-tainted party defeated in india 's regional elections <sec> the regional elections give a boost to the prime minister 's government .  three decades of communist party rule end in west bengal .  but the coalition loses in tamil nadu as a scandal hurts the dmk part .
 germany queries uk-u.s. surveillance programs <sec> german justice minister writes to the uk government with concerns about surveillance .  she says germany needs `` a swift clarification of the facts '' on reported mass surveillance .  the guardian newspaper made claims last week about the uk intelligence agency 's work .  william hague : united states and uk should be proud of intelligence-sharing relationshi .
 do n't watch these 11 movies on a plane <sec> while flying is statistically very safe , many films dramatize worst-case scenarios .  the new film , `` flight , '' starring denzel washington , is probably not a film to watch on a plane .  `` airplane ! '' .  turns the conventions of an in-flight nightmare upside down , playing them as comed .
 who 's doing what to fight isis <sec> president obama calls for friends and allies to take on the isis threat .  u.s. air strikes are the most significant foreign military role so far .  germany , france and italy pledge military aid to iraq ; britain may send trainers .  syria also bombs isis forces , but washington rejects any common figh .
 hilary duff 's happy , healthy new shape <sec> recently married actress hilary duff knows the secret to body confidence .  duff : `` look for things to feel good about , rather than things to feel bad about '' .  some of duff 's favorite snacks are fruit and vegetables with hummu .
 brain-eating amoeba kali hardig survivor leaves arkansas hospital <sec> kali hardig , 12 , is finally leaving arkansas children 's hospital .  kali is walking with assistance during therapy sessions , hospital says .  amoeba causes brain infection , nearly always fatal , according to the cdc .  parasite generally found in people who swim in warm fresh wate .
 biggest celebrity health stories of 2011 <sec> some of hollywood 's biggest celebrities have suffered from health problems this year .  charlie sheen 's public outrage and kate middleton 's weight loss both made headlines .  health dilemmas have also had us say goodbye to stars like amy winehouse and liz taylo .
 witness : gunmen attack nigeria university campus <sec> new : the number of casualties is unclear .  new : the gunmen targeted a lecture hall used by christians for worship .  new : the gunmen opened fire and threw four or five bombs , a journalist says .  a university professor says he heard gunfire and multiple explosion .
 opinion : dennis rodman 's moral responsibility <sec> people are captivated by the spectacle of dennis rodman 's trip to korea .  frida ghitis : rodman has gone beyond just saying he is n't interested in the politics .  by praising kim jong un , rodman increases his obligation to act , she says .  ghitis : choosing to do nothing when you can help suffering people is a moral failin .
