 court sides with navy in dispute over sonar and whales <sec> new : navy secretary says ruling allows sailors to train under `` realistic '' conditions .  by 5-4 vote , supreme court allows navy exercises in whale habitat .  sound waves can permanently harm sea mammals , environmentalists argue .  fleet 's safety and need to train trump concern for whales , chief justice write .
 high court asked to accept appeal over california same-sex marriage ban <sec> the supreme court will decide in coming weeks whether to put the case on its docket .  a lower court ruled that proposition 8 denies gays and lesbians a legal right .  a coalition of groups under the protectmarriage.com banner urges the court to back the ban .  the courage campaign wants the opposite outcom .
 in recorded police interview , matt sandusky describes alleged abuse <sec> nbc news obtains audiotape of police interview with matt sandusky .  matt sandusky was willing to be rebuttal witness in trial of his adoptive father .  jerry sandusky decided not to testify in his own defense .  now convicted , he remains under suicide watch at jai .
 10 purr-fect vacations for cat lovers <sec> cat fans who love hemingway should visit his key west home .  head to tokyo to play with real cats at cat cafes or visit the city 's hello kitty theme park .  a floating cat sanctuary in amsterdam welcomes visitors and potential cat parent .
 up to 17 killed in montana plane crash , officials say <sec> children among those killed in crash in butte , montana , authorities say .  witness says she watched plane `` just take a nosedive '' .  single-engine aircraft crashed about 500 feet short of runway , faa says .  faa : plane left california ; originally supposed to land in bozeman , montan .
 united end schalke 's perfect home record in european semifinal <sec> second-half goals from ryan giggs and wayne rooney give united semifinal edge .  schalke beaten at home for first time in this season 's champions league .  united have never beaten a german team in a two-leg tie in the tournament .  alex ferguson seeking to take united to a third final in four year .
 former l.a. archbishop disciplined over handling of sex abuse allegations <sec> `` not once over these past years did you ever raise any questions , '' retired mahony tells successor .  despite discipline , retired archbishop is `` in good standing '' and can vote for pope .  los angeles prosecutor is reviewing newly released files on priest abuse .  discipline against archbishop is unprecedented but `` meaningless , '' activist say .
 saved from islamists , timbuktu 's manuscripts face new threat <sec> most of 300,000 ancient documents smuggled away from islamists in timbuktu .  1,000 trunks of manuscripts moved to a safe house in the south of mali .  but climate there is more humid than in timbuktu ; paper texts show rot .  global community urged to help save irreplaceable collectio .
 why disney might want to 'escape from tomorrow ' <sec> `` escape from tomorrow '' is the most buzzed-about movie out of sundance .  the filmmaker shot for 10 days at the disney parks in orlando and two weeks in disneyland .  the theme parks were unaware that filming was occurrin .
 obama unveils plan to streamline government <sec> obama plan would replace the commerce department .  obama elevates the small business administration to a cabinet-level agency .  plan could save $ 3 billion by cutting 2,000 jobs through attrition .  gop spokesman says proposal only comes after years of government growt .
 zimmerman 's lawyer worries brother 's tweets could hurt defense <sec> new : george zimmerman 's attorney said he is concerned about how tweets could affect case .  robert zimmerman tweeted side-by-side images of trayvon martin and de'marquise elkins .  elkins is accused of killing a baby in his stroller in georgia ; martin was shot by george zimmerman .  `` i 'm a human being ... .  i made a mistake , '' says robert zimmerman jr .
 war dogs remembered , decades later <sec> several thousand people will gather saturday at a war dog memorial in california .  of the more than 4,000 dogs who served in vietnam , only about 200 came home .  dogs , many of them euthanized , help to avert more than 10,000 casualties , historian estimates .  in 2000 , the u.s. changed policy , setting up a military working dog adoption progra .
 obama was too timid on health care <sec> zelizer : since reagan , liberals have been cautious about expanding government .  conservatives first backed a private health care mandate in the 1990s .  obama touted efficiency in his bill , not the right to affordable care , zelizer says .  obama 's hesitant defense of a complex bill has n't inspired support , he say .
 'district 9 ' determined not to stick to formula <sec> `` district 9 '' offers sci-fi thrills with food for thought .  aliens in south africa are separated into a township ; apartheid similarities obvious .  film made by relative unknowns who bring documentary-style realism to subjec .
 university 'banishes ' words for 2013 <sec> new : cnn commenters suggest epic , chillax and interwebs .  school takes aim at a dozen overused , misused , useless words and phrases .  lighthearted list includes fiscal cliff , job creator , yolo , trending , bucket list .  words offer clues to how society is changing , says linguis .
 ferguson : rooney will be at manchester united next season <sec> alex ferguson dismisses reports that wayne rooney leaving man utd .  ferguson says england striker will be at old trafford next season .  confirms he will play some part in fa cup tie with chelsea sunday .  mario balotelli scores again for ac milan in genoa wi .
 nations with worst religious tolerance named <sec> u.s. commission on international religious freedom names 13 nations .  panel recommends administration designate 13 as `` countries of particular concern '' .  designation gives secretary of state policy options to address serious violation .
 all blacks star guildford sorry for naked drunken fracas <sec> new zealand 's zac guildford has apologized for an incident in the cook islands last week .  the all blacks wing is said to have entered a bar drunk , naked and wet .  guildford allegedly assaulted two patrons at the bar in rarotonga .  guildford : `` my behavior was unacceptable and i am hugely embarrassed .
 afghan midwives step up to save lives <sec> afghanistan has one of the highest rates of maternal and infant mortality in the world .  a woman dies in childbirth every 29 minutes , one in four children die before age 5 .  in kabul , dozens of women are now studying to become midwives to help save live .
 gunmen kill 9 pakistani prison guards in attack on building <sec> new : militants kill six coal miners and a doctor in baluchistan province .  the taliban claims responsibility for an attack on prison guards in lahore .  the guards were in the city on trainin .
 cyprus : the ancient island of aphrodite <sec> island on the eastern edges of the mediterranean sea has had a long history of conquest .  it has been conquered by arab armies , the venetians and the ottomans and was a british colony .  in 1974 , turkish forces invaded cyprus partitioning the north into a zone for turkish cypriots .  until recent the recent banking crisis the republic of cyprus has grown to have one of the most successful economies in the regio .
 bush shoe thrower trial delayed <sec> trial of iraqi journalist who threw shoes at u.s. president bush delayed .  muntadhir al-zaidi faces jail if convicted ; trial was due to start wednesday .  many iraqis hail the shoe thrower has a hero ; mass protests followed his arrest .  at least two weeks before new trial date set , legal experts sa .
 symptom-free herpes contagious 10 % of the time <sec> an estimated 16 % of u.s. adults are infected with herpes simplex virus type 2 ( hsv-2 ) .  some people will shed the virus more frequently , while others will shed it less often .  the infection can cause complications in those with weakened immune system .
 'the purge : anarchy ' : what 's the verdict ? <sec> `` the purge : anarchy '' is the sequel to 2013 's `` the purge '' .  the horror movie has received decent reviews .  analysts predict it could earn up to $ 30 million its opening weeken .
 we must pay our debt to 9/11 heroes <sec> kirsten gillibrand : thousands lost lives on 9/11 , and tens of thousands came to help .  first responders from all over new york and the u.s. came to ground zero , she says .  gillibrand : 30,000 responders have been medically treated after exposure to toxins .  pass bill , she says , to provide monitoring and treatment for condition .
 sheriff 's office rejects claim of kendrick johnson death confession <sec> the lowndes county , georgia , sheriff 's office says it does not believe an anonymous e-mail .  the e-mail claimed that a former schoolmate confessed to killing johnson , 17 .  johnson 's body was found in a rolled-up mat in his high school gym more than a year ago .  the death was ruled an accident , but an independent pathologist called it a homicid .
 chinese sport is about more than national pride <sec> the meaning of competitive sports is changing in china .  a growing urban population and middle class are seeking a better quality of life and personal well-being through sports .  in 2013 , more than 750,000 people participated in a running competition or marathon .  more kids are embracing sport and the values it teache .
 obama tries to reset with gay community <sec> obama has boosted his bona fides with gay community .  54 % of americans support legalizing marriages between gay and lesbian couples .  newsweek dubbed obama america 's `` first gay president '' on its cove .
 world cup hope for drogba as he rejoins ivory coast squad <sec> didier drogba has joined up with the ivory coast squad after surgery on his arm .  drogba sustained a broken arm in a collision during a friendly with japan .  it remains to be seen how big a part the chelsea striker will play at the world cu .
 hero cop , who sat next to the first lady , charged with rape <sec> richard decoatsworth took a shotgun blast to the face in the line of duty in 2007 .  wounded , he pursued the assailant and called for backup , who caught the gunman .  he was honored by many , including michelle obama .  a few years later , his career and life took a div .
 sri lanka military says it shot down rebel planes <sec> new : officials claim air force shot down rebel planes .  two dead , 50 wounded in capital , colombo .  both sides to blame for rise in civilian casualties , human rights watch says .  up to 250,000 civilians trapped in sri lanka conflict zone , aid groups sa .
 japan 's radioactive food found in major local producer <sec> the fukushima province is the top producer of fruits , vegetables , rice .  its fish haul is among japan 's largest .  contaminated milk , spinach found so fa .
 smithsonian : o.j . 's acquittal suit does n't fit with its collection <sec> judge had approved an agreement allowing the donation of the suit .  smithsonian says it had never been contacted about whether it wanted o.j . .  simpson 's suit .  simpson 's former sports agent , mike gilbert , has possession of the suit .  o.j . .  simpson was acquitted in slayings of nicole brown simpson and ronald goldma .
 new hope in wounded pakistani teen activist 's struggle to survive <sec> new : malala yousufzai moves her limbs , a military spokesman says .  new : still in critical condition , she remains unconscious and on a ventilator .  the 14-year-old who advocated for girls ' education was shot by taliban attackers .  the taliban have vowed to kill malala if she survive .
 anna nicole smith 's boyfriend , doctors charged <sec> new : attorney general calls howard k. stern the `` principal enabler '' in conspiracy .  ex-playmate drugged `` almost to the point of stupefaction , '' california ag says .  howard k. stern , sandeep kapoor , khristine eroshevich charged with eight felonies .  the three are accused of conspiring to furnish drugs before her deat .
 excerpt : the calm before katrina <sec> dave eggers : abdulrahman zeitoun grew up in a syrian fishing town .  he says zeitoun emigrated to america and settled in new orleans .  zeitoun and his family thought little of katrina as it approached the gulf coas .
 biography : alex steffen <sec> eco-crusader says we have 25 years left to save the world .  one-time hobby blog now highly popular environmental campaigning site .  steffen frustrated by eco-consumerism - says green revolution is essential .  sustainability is key for survival of the plane .
 study looks at whether college is really worth the price <sec> president obama wants u.s. to have most college grads in world by 2020 .  majority of college presidents do n't think the goal will be met .  most people believe college is no longer affordable for most american .
 opinion : google , let users opt in <sec> google+ users can now e-mail people without knowing their e-mail address .  marc rotenberg : the consequences for users and for the internet are troubling .  he says google should let users opt in rather than opt out of new privacy setting .  rotenberg : if government officials do not intervene , things could get much wors .
 11 more whales found dead in florida <sec> 22 pilot whales have died ; 29 are still missing .  scientists are working to determine their cause of death .  noaa : `` the outlook for finding the remaining whales alive is bleak .
 world war ii veteran still swinging <sec> anthony snetro was a machinist in the navy during world war ii .  snetro , 93 , is still haunted by the image of a japanese torpedo bomber .  to cope with the stresses of war , snetro turned to sport .
 kenyan mutai shaves 3 minutes off nyc marathon record <sec> kenya 's geoffrey mutai eclipses course record by nearly 3 minutes .  ethopian firehiwot dado , 27 , wins women 's division .  one runner reportedly collapsed of cardiac arrest .  47,107 participated , 200 in wheelchair and hand cycle division .
 yuck ! what 's in your pool water <sec> cdc researchers find a surprising amount of e. coli in pool water .  the study focused on atlanta , but researchers say it 's likely widespread .  proper chlorination can kill e. coli and other bacteri .
 pope francis to shun luxury papal apartment , for now <sec> pope francis has declined to move into the palatial papal apartment .  he 's happy to stay for now in a suite at the vatican hotel , says a vatican spokesman .  the new pope has adopted a more simple , personal style than his predecessor .
 cnn student news transcript : august 23 , 2010 <sec> keep up with a recall that has expanded to include half a billion eggs .  find out why hundreds of people turned out to speak out in new york on sunday .  discover why a 13-year-old humanitarian set his eyes and hope on north korea .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 brooklyn couple adopts rescued subway kittens <sec> a brooklyn couple is welcoming the two kittens into their home .  arthur and august are brothers from the same litter .  the two kittens shut down the nyc subway in augus .
 sandy shows why we need fema <sec> jared bernstein says sandy brought loss of life , devastation to homes , businesses , lives .  he says over-burdened states rightly turn to federal government for help from fema .  he says romney , ryan have proposed block grants for states instead , or privatizing relief .  writer : disasters can outstrip block grants ; states strapped . .  in practice , these ideas wo n't wor .
 born in berlin , fighting for the allies <sec> thomas tugend fled nazi germany with his family for america .  at 18 , he enlisted in the u.s. army to fight against his homeland .  after the war , he joined the israeli army and led an anti-tank crew .  he was later recalled by the u.s. army to serve in the korean wa .
 miss rhode island wins miss usa crown <sec> olivia culpo , 20 , of rhode island is the new miss usa .  miss maryland , miss ohio , miss nevada and miss georgia are the runners-up .  online voting from viewers returned this year .  judges included chef cat cora and arsenio hal .
 iran threatens to sue google for not labeling persian gulf <sec> google tells cnn this body of water was never labeled .  spats over naming have cropped up from `` malvinas '' to `` derry '' to `` kampuchea '' .  iran 's foreign ministry says google is being used by the nation 's enemie .
 welcome to the world of hashtag politics -- or # politics <sec> scuffle at reid-angle forum moved from the campaign event to twitter .  the two campaigns have been duking it out online , in 140 characters or less .  mainstream journalists use politicians ' tweets in stories , retweet the .
 pope francis named time person of the year 2013 <sec> francis has `` changed perceptions of the church , '' time 's international editor says .  vatican calls honor `` a positive sign '' that brings attention to issues of faith .  francis is the first non-european pope in the modern era and the first from south america .  pope francis is known for his simplicity and has a reputation of being a voice for the poo .
 opinion : why gaza conflict risks wider war <sec> michael oren : the flare-up in gaza could ignite a wider war .  in 1967 , conflicts in the mideast spiraled into the six-day war , he says .  oren : islamic jihad , challenging hamas for supremacy in gaza , launched rockets into israel .  he says the question is whether a truce can prevent conflict from becoming conflagratio .
 greek socialist leader gets chance to form government <sec> new : socialist leader venizelos calls talks a `` first step '' toward a coalition .  opinion poll suggests the leftist syriza party would win most votes in a new election .  two other politicians say they ca n't get enough backing from other parties to form a coalition .  if no government is formed by may 17 , greece has to call new election .
 source : suspect in biker attack video id 'd <sec> new : the motorcyclist is not in custody ; he 's expected to be soon , source says .  the family of the suv driver says he did what he had to do to protect his family .  bikers chased the suv , slashed its tires , forcing the driver to stop , police say .  another motorcyclist has been arrested on misdemeanor charge .
 7 lessons lance armstrong 's confession has taught us <sec> the u.s. anti-doping agency still wants an official confession under oath .  armstrong destroyed people on the way up , who are waiting for him on the way down .  the cyclist cheated for years , but nobody stopped him .  armstrong told his own son not to defend hi .
 one man 's story : when an autistic child grows up <sec> jeff donohoo , 36 , is an adult living with autism .  donohoo lives in tennessee with his parents and works at a hospital .  his autism was diagnosed during his freshman year of high school .  donohoo 's mother : `` it 's rewarding today , because he 's come so far . .
 kaka and beckham goals boost milan bid <sec> brazil star kaka scores twice as ac milan romp to 4-1 serie a win at bologna .  goals come at end of week that saw him reject world record move to man city .  david beckham hits first goal of loan spell as milan step up their title chas .
 dolly parton : 'i know i 'm a bit over-exaggerated ' <sec> u.s. singer-songwriter tells cnn about her dedication to her image .  dolly parton worked her way from a small country town to the world stage .  has released more than 40 albums , won numerous awards and accolades .  parton : `` i know i 'm a bit over-exaggerated ; i wear too much makeup .
 two new orleans police officers indicted in 2005 beating death <sec> two news orleans officers face federal charges in a 2005 beating death .  the incident occurred before hurricane katrina slammed new orleans .  five other current and former new orleans officers were charged in two deaths after katrina .  the justice department continues a broad investigation into alleged misconduc .
 the startup factory behind the hit game 'dots ' <sec> new york startup studio behind the hit game `` dots '' has a unique business model .  betaworks develops its own ideas and buys interesting startups to grow them .  because the company is working on multiple products , it can kill the ones that do n't work .  on thursday , betaworks released an ipad version of its `` dots '' gam .
 khmer rouge legacy : land disputes <sec> a property dispute of land near central phnom penh pits residents against developers .  since the khmer rouge regime , property records in cambodia are sketchy .  the world bank has suspended loans to cambodia over the land disput .
 smiley face killers may be stalking college men <sec> deaths of 40 male college students have been ruled `` accidental drowning '' .  two retired nyc detectives believe deaths may be work of killer or killers .  at least 12 creepy smiley faces found where bodies were put in rivers , lakes .  fbi : no evidence linking tragic deaths or substantiating serial killer theor .
 shark attack victim describes getting chewed <sec> a great white shark bit steven robles near manhattan beach , california .  the 7-foot shark was agitated by a fisherman 's hook .  robles : the bite feels like a sting penetrating `` deeper and deeper into the bone '' .  there were 72 unprovoked shark attacks on humans in 201 .
