 brawn backs schumacher to make improvement in shanghai <sec> mercedes team boss ross brawn says michael schumacher not to blame for problems .  seven-time world champion retired in third race of his f1 comeback in malaysia .  brawn expects the 41-year-old to keep showing improvement in chinese grand prix .  german has been outperformed by young teammate nico rosberg so far this yea .
 delta ceo gives up airplane seat to mom <sec> delta ceo gives up his seat to passenger jessie frank .  grateful passenger writes 'open letter ' of thanks .  jessie frank was trying to get home to pick daughter up from cam .
 best ways to enjoy summer <sec> real simple tips can add up to great summer .  best way to catch fireflies starts with easiest to catch .  tip on how not to look like a gladiator when wearing espadrilles .  there is a graceful way to get in and out of a hammoc .
 justin bieber 's murder , castration plotted , police say <sec> new : `` it 's been freaking crazy , '' police spokesman says of global interest in case .  new : three men plot to castrate and kill justin bieber and three others , police say .  new : plot masterminded by an imprisoned child killer with a bieber tattoo , officials say .  new : scheme unravels when two conspirators get lost at canadian borde .
 wikileaks : football , gold and grilled sheep innards in eritrea <sec> cable : key government officials are avid fans of british premier league games .  the cables blame country 's leader for its parlous state .  some cables say that eritrea blames america for its woes .  the president may be in power for sometime to come , the cables sa .
 filipino group on borneo claims to represent sultanate , malaysia says <sec> new : philippine officials say they are coordinating with malaysia on the situation .  malaysian security forces are in talks with the men from the south philippines .  the men arrived in a remote district of the malaysian state of sabah on tuesday .  they claim to represent a sultanate that once ruled over sabah , a malaysian official say .
 the african savannah is even more beautiful from a bird's-eye view <sec> brooklyn-based photographer zack secker provides mind-blowing view of the savannah .  he used an ultra-light aircraft to photograph what only birds can see .  animals and trees are visible but generally the photos have an arty feel to the .
 ouattara gives gbagbo a deadline to step down in ivory coast <sec> new : west african heads of state to return to ivory coast monday .  new : they will again ask gbagbo to step down or face military ouster .  ouattara has told gbagbo to be out by midnight friday .  gbagbo wants ouattara out of abidjan by saturda .
 manchester united cruises into champions league knockout phase <sec> manchester united qualifies for second phase .  bayern munich sets new champions league record .  real madrid and psg also ease through .  juventus faces nervous last day wait for qualificatio .
 egypt : big explosion hits cairo police hq , killing at least 4 <sec> new : official : u.s. is `` aware of reports '' one of its citizens has been detained in egypt .  a huge explosion strikes cairo 's police headquarters , damaging several floors .  more than 50 people also are wounded in the attack , state media report .  smaller blasts follow in other areas of cairo , wounding several peopl .
 'joy of writing ' helps monica seles move on from past trauma <sec> monica seles is moving on to a new stage of her life after co-authoring a fiction novel .  the former tennis star says the writing process `` has been a great joy '' .  book is set in a tennis academy , mirroring the 39-year-old 's early days in the sport .  she was a teen prodigy but her career was wrecked by an-court stabbing attac .
 'snow white ' victorious with $ 56.3 mil ; 'avengers ' becomes third biggest movie <sec> `` snow white and the huntsman '' proved to be a weekend win for universal .  the film received an okay `` b '' rating from cinemascore participants . .  `` the avengers '' passed `` harry potter and the deathly hallows — part 2 '' to become the third biggest movie ever globally .
 alleged shooter 's ex-wife : he was capable of murder <sec> ex-wife : scott roeder was self-righteous , potentially dangerous .  scott roeder , 51 , of the kansas city , kansas , area charged with murder .  roeder suspected of killing abortion provider dr. george tiller on sunday .  tiller was one few remaining doctors in the u.s. offering late-term abortion .
 how romney can win over latino voters <sec> ana navarro : polls show mitt romney way behind barack obama among latinos .  she says romney ca n't wipe slate clean , erase what he said in the primaries .  she said he can pivot to show he understands the value of immigration .  navarro : romney needs to address economic issues and court hispanic voter .
 dad to child killer : 'my daughter has heard me cry ' <sec> mark lunsford testifies at sentencing hearing for 9-year-old daughter 's killer .  jury recommended death for john evander couey .  couey was convicted of kidnapping , raping , killing jessica lunsford .  couey 's attorney says he 's mentally incompeten .
 is hand sanitizer toxic ? <sec> main concern with hand sanitizers is triclosan , the main antibacterial ingredient .  there 's no good evidence that triclosan products have a benefit , experts say .  fda is reviewing studies that show triclosan may be toxic to humans .  alcohol-based sanitizers are fairly effective at killing bacterial pathogens , and saf .
 u.s. citizen rescued from the taliban in afghanistan <sec> dilip joseph was abducted on wednesday in kabul province .  he was believed to be in imminent danger of injury or deat .
 san francisco judge removes circumcision ban from ballot <sec> judge rules that cities ca n't regulate medical procedures .  measure would not allow religious exemptions .  aclu , jewish , muslim groups sued to get the measure removed .  advocates say the surgery violates human right .
 new yorker profile shows a weathered obama five years in <sec> in a major magazine profile , president obama emphasizes historical context .  ten years after bursting onto the national scene , obama 's vision sounds less lofty .  still pushing for equal opportunity , he says in the end things will be better than worse .  obama : chances for final treaties in talks on three middle east issues less than 50 .
 killer mice eat baby albatross on remote island <sec> predatory mice are threatening the albatross population on a south atlantic island .  house mice not native to the island are killing and eating chicks .  mice are also threatening the native population of large finche .
 crew of alabama says sailors jumped pirates to retake control <sec> crew member stabbed pirate in the hand to retake maersk alabama , sailor says .  another sailor recalls being awakened at 7 a.m. as pirates stormed ship .  crew shares snippets of their stories after docking in mombasa , kenya , on saturday .  ship , crew will remain in kenya while fbi investigates standoff in indian ocea .
 tsa proposes firing 7 philadelphia airport employees <sec> the tsa completes an eight-month investigation into bribery allegations .  it says a training instructor accepted payment from test-takers to ensure they passed .  ten employees were suspended ; three of those have resigne .
 loya jirga approves u.s.-afghan security deal ; asks karzai to sign <sec> new : afghans want alleged crimes by u.s. soldiers prosecuted at u.s. bases on their soil .  most afghan elders at the loya jirga approve of the security deal with the u.s . .  at a loya jirga , elder aim to bridge divides among ethnic groups , create consensus .  their decision is not binding , but afghan president karzai has said he will abide by i .
 academy announces key oscars dates <sec> oscar nominations will be announced on january 10 , 2013 .  nominations will now be announced days before the golden globe awards .  the academy also noted that this is the first time its members will be able to vote electronicall .
 obama vows 'much more aggressive ' ebola response <sec> president obama meets with cabinet members and health officials .  he seeks to reassure americans that an ebola outbreak in the united states is unlikely .  republicans criticize the white house 's response and call for travel ban .
 tsa drops plan to allow small knives on planes <sec> tsa sought to relax rules banning small knives on commercial flights .  plan never took effect following strong criticism from congress , airlines , unions .  the ban on small knives was imposed after the 2001 al qaeda hijack attacks .  new : experts say small knives pose little threat to aircraf .
 california high court denies latest bid to revive gay marriage ban <sec> new : gay marriage foes lament the decision , say the debate in california is n't over .  california 's chief justice dismisses an attempt by foes of same-sex marriage .  proposition 8 is `` dead for good , '' an lgbt activist group says after the ruling .  voters passed prop 8 barring gay marriage ; federal courts knocked down the ba .
 another tibetan sets himself on fire , dies to protest chinese rule <sec> details of the death are sketchy .  self-immolation as protest started in 2009 .  by december last year , 95 tibetans had carried out the act .  china rejects accusations of oppressio .
 romney talks energy as polls show little change <sec> new : romney calls for more oil drilling , less regulation .  mitt romney and paul ryan hit the campaign trail on thursday .  new polls show president obama maintaining a slight edge in three key states .  gop officials say a possible hurricane wo n't derail romney 's nomination next week in tamp .
 democrats must learn language of freedom <sec> aziz rana says gop , tea party , palin clear on defining freedom : free markets , autonomy .  dems very bad at explaining how goals , like health reform , connect to personal liberty .  he says right 's language ties populism to corporate freedoms not really in their interest .  rana : dems must explain link between liberty and corporate oversight , government program .
 are you in for chris pratt as 'indiana jones ' ? <sec> a report says `` guardians '' star pratt is in the mix for a new film .  there is some fan support for it .  the writer tweeted that pratt did n't even know he was in the runnin .
 opinion : christie , cuomo and the dukakis effect <sec> julian zelizer : christie , cuomo , jindal could run for 2016 nominations .  he says governors come under special scrutiny for their in-state records .  in 1988 , massachusetts gov . .  dukakis was harshly criticized for his record .  the attacks , many of them unfair , helped sink his candidacy , zelizer say .
 'angels ' fight cancer with cars , planes <sec> kathy broussard organized group of volunteer pilots , drivers to help patients get to hospitals .  many patients are too financially strapped to afford flights , cab fare .  houston ground angels and pilots has completed 6,000 ground or air missions .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2010 cnn heroe .
 leader of libya anti-islamist offensive calls for new civilian council <sec> retired libyan general calls for new , civilian council to replace interim parliament .  khalifa haftar says interim parliament has turned libya into `` a state sponsor of terror '' .  libya 's electoral commission said this week that elections would be held next month .  the self-declared libyan national army is seeking to eradicate islamist militias from liby .
 mali deny angola with stunning comeback <sec> hosts angola and mali draw 4-4 in opening match of 27th africa cup of nations .  mali trailed 4-0 with 16 minutes left until mounting an incredible comeback .  seydou keita with a double , frederic kanoute and mustapha yatabare score mali goals .  flavio armado with a double and penalties from gilberto and manucho put angola in comman .
 november temps set new global high , noaa says <sec> november 's global average temperature was the warmest on record .  north america was one of the few spots that saw lower-than-average temps .  the last 37 novembers have topped the 20th century averag .
 top democrats propose war surtax <sec> top house democrats propose a $ 140 to $ 150 billion surtax to pay for war in iraq .  taxpayers would add 2 percent to tax bill , higher income families 12 to 15 percent .  house speaker nancy pelosi opposes the measure .  house gop leader says the proposal is `` playing politics '' with national securit .
 puerto rico , dominican republic under hurricane warnings <sec> hurricane warnings are issued for puerto rico and the dominican republic .  forecasters expect irene to become a hurricane by monday .  the storm could dump up to 20 inches of rain on parts of the dominican republic and haiti .  tropical depression harvey dumps heavy rain over parts of guatemala and eastern mexic .
 bp says oil flowing from ruptured well to ship on gulf surface <sec> researchers confirm existence of oil plumes beneath the surface .  cost of federal response effort to the spill totals $ 93 million as of june 1 .  president arrives in louisiana on friday to see spreading oil slick firsthand .  estimates of how much oil is being captured expected to be determined later frida .
 qatar gets first world heritage listed site <sec> unesco names al zubarah as qatar 's first world heritage site .  the coastal town provides an invaluable insight the region in the 1700s .  the town flourished as a trading village for over a hundred year .
 opinion : the great privacy debate <sec> cnn opinion rounded up a selection of essays about privacy and security .  neil richards : after boston terror attack , some call for more surveillance . .  that 's a bad idea .  david frum : privacy was a relatively recent human invention ; now it 's likely gone forever .  rebecca mackinnon : government 's surveillance powers have expande .
 la sheriff 's captain under investigation over golf lesson <sec> alleged lessons from a convicted jewel thief lead to an investigation .  a sheriff 's deputy says he has been threatened for blowing the whistle on the golf outing .  sheriff lee baca `` did not condone any golf outing , '' his spokesman say .
 abramoff transferred from prison to halfway house <sec> disgraced former lobbyist jack abramoff released to halfway house .  abramoff scheduled to be released december 4 .  abramoff pleaded guilty to a series of corruption charges in 200 .
 judge oks deal to dismiss paula deen suit <sec> a former employee had sued paula deen .  deen 's career went into a tailspin after her deposition in the lawsuit .  in her deposition , deen admitted using the `` n-word '' .  lawsuit was dismissed `` with prejudice , '' meaning it can not be filed agai .
 'airplane view ' of mars yields stunning images <sec> photos were taken by a camera mounted on nasa 's mars reconnaissance orbiter .  they show an alien landscape of craters , valleys , ridges in incredible detail .  a new batch of these photos taken in the last several months has just been release .
 churches see pros and cons to holding services at cinemas <sec> idea appeals to small start-ups , big churches seeking to set up multiple locations .  at one cinema-based church , easter attendance was up threefold from year before .  pastor : staying in a movie theater risks sending message that you wo n't stick around .  one big drawback : setting up and breaking down sanctuary weekly is a lot of wor .
 dawn of digital-only tv arrives ; analog just a static memory <sec> by 12:01 a.m. saturday , broadcasters must have shut down outdated transmitters .  congress voted early this year to delay the digital tv transition by four months .  have n't converted yet ? .  call 1-888-call-fcc for help .  end of analog frees up that part of the broadcast spectrum for other use .
 work from home moms face a juggling act too <sec> moms who work from home face unique work-life balance challenges .  according to a study , about 10 % of american workers now regularly work from home .  one misconception is that moms who work from home can do household chores and their job .  writing up a prioritized `` to do '' list the night before is one way to make work from home wor .
 report : steve jobs ' private funeral held friday <sec> wall street journal : steve jobs funeral being held friday .  newspaper cites unnamed source , says the ceremony is private .  source says funeral is a small family affair .  apple plans `` celebration '' for employees , says no public memoria .
 vandals mark racial slurs , images on jackie robinson statue <sec> new : new york newspaper offers $ 10,000 for information leading to arrest and conviction .  schumer calls act a `` dagger in the heart '' .  someone wrote the n-word and drew a swastika on the statue .  robinson was the first african-american player in the major league .
 nearly half of all video-gamers are women <sec> report : almost half of video game players in u.s. are female .  gamers cite a rise in strong female characters in top titles .  in gaming circles , though , some say `` boys ' club '' mentality persists .  marketing overwhelmingly still targets young male .
 lawmakers quickly point fingers after bailout fails <sec> senate republican leader says `` no action is not an answer '' .  bush said he is `` disappointed '' bailout bill failed .  speaker pelosi says democrats kept up their side of the bargain .  republicans voted against bill more than 2- .
 maradona sacked by dubai club <sec> diego maradona sacked by dubai-based soccer club al-wasl .  the 51-year-old had poor results in his only season in charge .  his future was decided by the club 's new board of director .
 airlines quick to ease electronics rules <sec> southwest is newest airline to ease electronics rules .  jetblue , delta , united , us airways have changed their policies .  cell phone calls are still not permitted after the aircraft door is close .
 moroccan suspected of being terrorist arrested in spain <sec> new : mohamed echaabi allegedly had tried to acquire firearms and explosives .  he was allegedly planning killings in spain and elsewhere in europe .  echaabi had been under surveillance prior to thursday 's arrest .  echaabi is considered a `` lone wolf .
 sarah palin wins argument with peta ( opinion ) <sec> peta criticized posting of photo of sarah palin 's child standing on a dog .  ruben navarrette : animal rights groups targeted palin unfairl .
 court : turkey failed to protect woman in domestic abuse case <sec> european court rules turkey failed to protect a woman from abusive ex-husband .  experts : ruling sets precedent in europe for governments to protect women .  european court of human rights awards victim 30,000 euros in damages .  in case , man attacked ex-wife , killed former mother-in-law , court documents sa .
 proposal destinations : 10 best places to pop the question <sec> the site of the proposal is a big part of the story of the modern couple 's romance .  australia-based pitch & woo helps guys create unforgettable proposals for their girlfriends .  proposing while away from home is `` about creating a fairytale fantasy , '' says expert .  italy is a popular country in which to pop the questio .
 west , texas , fertilizer plant blast that killed 15 'preventable ' <sec> u.s. chemical safety board says west , texas , explosion `` should never have occurred '' .  released days after anniversary of 2013 blast , report cites company , government failures .  report : mclennan county had no emergency response plan and texas had no fire code .  report : feds should update guidance on 1,351 ammonium nitrate facilities in u.s .
 opinion : tainted food and near misses : who 's protecting us ? <sec> bob greene : we count on notion that some vague official authority is protecting our safety .  he says recent food recalls , gm recalls and planes ' near misses remind us this is n't always so .  he says giving others sway over our safety carries risk . .  use common sense where possibl .
 champions league tie hit by racist abuse <sec> manchester city midfielder yaya toure urges uefa to take action on racism .  toure says he was racially abused during game at cska moscow .  vincent kompany makes plea on twitter .  club to make an official complaint following inciden .
 battling recession with frugality , positive attitude <sec> chicago-area couple start cost-saving measures after breadwinner loses job .  they hope to make 13 weeks ' severance last all year while still paying the mortgage .  among their tactics : avoid driving when possible , buy only necessities when on sal .
 obama cabinet vetting historically fast <sec> president-elect obama announces economic team on monday .  cabinet picks are subject to lengthy questionnaire , background check .  his picks are earliest since george h.w . .  bush 's selection of james bake .
 business booming for the dog smugglers of the mekong <sec> dog smuggling is booming in thailand around the mekong border region with laos .  thai authorities say the trade has been growing thanks to a strong market in vietnam .  animal welfare groups say operators often pick up strays off the street including pets .  dog meat in vietnam is regarded as an auspicious dish to eat around chinese new yea .
