 cdc committee recommends boys receive hpv vaccine <sec> cdc : tests on thousands of people show `` no serious safety concerns '' .  the advisory committee votes to recommend males ages 11 to 21 be vaccinated .  hpv is the number one sexually transmitted disease in the nation .  the hpv vaccine has been approved for males since 200 .
 exiled iranian film director 's flight to freedom <sec> makhmalbaf has won more than a dozen awards for his films .  he left iran in 2005 to gain freedom for his film-making .  since leaving iran , he has lived in afghanistan , tajikstan , india , paris and londo .
 8 nominees who did n't go to the supreme court <sec> a total of eight supreme court nominees have failed to get a seat on the high bench .  ebenezer hoar got a thumbs down after blocking a well-trod route for patronage .  wheeler peckham and william b. hornblower rejected through home state courtesy .  newspaper claimed alexander wolcott 's nomination degraded the countr .
 dna links ohio felon to 2 cleveland murders , 7 years apart <sec> cold case unit `` kind of drew a circle '' around one serial killer 's home .  investigation led them to indictment of second ma .
 crowley : it 's the losing campaigns i remember most <sec> politicians are like gamblers , wired to think they can beat the odds .  bob dole knew he would lose but went on marathon to help down-ballot republicans .  four years ago , john mccain told supporters , `` the failure is mine , not yours '' .  john kerry in defeat : `` ... .  the next morning , we all wake up as americans .
 george clooney 's sudan focus should be ours , too <sec> john avlon : george clooney , arrested at friday protest , draws spotlight to sudan .  he says world looks away , so clooney backs satellite surveillance initiative over sudan .  he says this strategy allows anyone with computer to bear witness to troop movements , attacks .  avlon : clooney sets example of how we should all be holding brutal dictatorship accountabl .
 vietnamese fishermen in gulf fight to not get lost in translation <sec> language and cultural barriers , troubled history complicate oil disaster for vietnamese .  seafood industry is lifeline for 80 percent of vietnamese living in the gulf region .  starting over not new for people who came here as refugees and rebuilt after katrina .  congressman anh `` joseph '' cao : `` we are resilient people . .  we are survivors . .
 green activists in china target alleged apple suppliers <sec> some of apple 's suppliers in china are accused of the polluting the environment .  technology giant says it is committed to ensuring highest standards of social responsibility .  apple widely popular in china and has just opened asia 's largest apple store in shanghai .  the u.s. company has agreed to work with the green activists after recent talk .
 sunken 'pirate ship ' was actually thai trawler , owner says <sec> owner : one crewman found alive after 6 days adrift , one confirmed dead .  ekawat nava 5 delivering fishing equipment when it was attacked , owner says .  indian authorities insist their ship had acted against a pirate vessel .  armed pirates seen roaming on the upper deck of vessel , india say .
 nine killed in mexico nightclub attack <sec> gunmen attacked a nightclub in monterrey , mexico , on monday night .  one victim tried to escape but fell to his deat .
 us magazine posts video of michael jackson 's hair on fire <sec> michael jackson shot commercial for pepsi in 1984 .  during shoot , jackson 's hair caught on fire during an on-set accident .  injuries , including second-degree burns , blamed for some jackson issue .
 tiger woods chases no . 1 ranking ahead of season 's final major <sec> world no . .  2 tiger woods has luke donald in his sights at wgc-bridgestone invitational .  american will return to top if he wins the pga tour event for the eighth time .  woods dropped as low as 58th but third place at british open continued his steady resurgence .  he will be playing alongside the only other three-time winner of 2012 , branden grac .
 tmz : george zimmerman visits florida gunmaker <sec> tmz publishes a photo of george zimmerman shaking hands with an apparent employee .  zimmerman 's brother , robert , confirmed to cnn that it was george in the photo .  the site says zimmerman asked about a compact shotgun while there .  zimmerman was acquitted last month of the murder of teenager trayvon marti .
 world cup : brazil fails to shine against mexico <sec> brazil held to goalless draw by mexico .  both teams have four points from two games .  brazil finishes group stage against cameroon on june 23 .  cameroon faces croatia wednesda .
 dozens of taliban killed in crackdown <sec> pakistan military says at least 55 taliban militants killed in last 24 hours .  pakistani army has been waging a week-long crackdown on taliban .  afghan , coalition forces in afghanistan kill 15 militants , wound 12 other .
 holiday dilemma : celebrate lantern festival or valentine 's day ? <sec> china 's lantern festival takes place on the last day of lunar new year celebrations .  this year 's festival falls on valentine 's day .  chinese celebrate the first full moon by eating rice dumplings with meat filling .
 del potro disappoints on injury comeback <sec> juan martin del potro loses on comeback to tennis after wrist injury .  argentine ace was playing first match since australian open in january .  belgium 's olivier rochus beats del potro in straight sets in thailand .  world number one rafael nadal begins his campaign in bangkok wednesda .
 new allergies can be unwelcome surprise <sec> `` there are a bunch of chemicals in plastics that can cause an allergy , '' dr. joseph fowler says .  reaction to plastics may have more to do with leftover residue from the manufacturing process .  food allergies among children in the u.s. becoming more common , the cdc say .
 brazil faces fresh hiv/aids fight <sec> brazil has been hailed as a leader in the fight against the hiv/aids epidemic .  government started offering free anti-retroviral treatment to its citizens in 1996 .  as more people live longer with hiv/aids , brazil faces new challenges .  patients of the chronic illness susceptible to new health risks , doctors sa .
 sources : new sandusky accusations date back to 1970s <sec> three men say sandusky molested them as early as the 1970s , sources say .  the claims are the first to emerge from before the 1990s .  sandusky faces sentencing on child sex abuse charges in septembe .
 talk to your kids about sex <sec> cynthia nixon says when she was young , she dreaded talking about sex with her parents .  she eventually did ( her parents were open with her ) , and values that , now that she 's a parent .  october is let 's talk month ; parents , make sure you talk to your kids about sex , she says .  nixon : kids get information online ; parents and schools must correct misinformatio .
 4 people feared dead after volcano eruption in indonesia <sec> four people are feared dead after a volcano eruption on siau island in indonesia .  mount karangetang is said to be one of indonesia 's most active volcanoes .  five people were injured in the eruption .  65 people have evacuated from nearby village .
 atlanta 's mayor : 'i 've gotten the message , loud and clear ' <sec> mayor reed vows to handle any future events differently .  the last vehicles were being picked up from interstates .  mayor says lack of experience played a role .  warm weather is doing what government officials could no .
 journalist marie colvin likely to be buried in syria , mother says <sec> marie colvin 's mother says she believes her daughter was targeted .  since her death , colvin 's family has started a fund in her honor .  the marie colvin fund is intended to direct resources to support charitie .
 chelsea stun barcelona in champions league semifinal <sec> chelsea beat barcelona 1-0 in the champions league semifinal first leg .  didier drogba scores the game 's only goal in counter-attack on halftime .  dream of a real madrid-barca final in munich is fading after both clubs ' defeats .  real beaten 2-1 by bayern munich in germany on tuesda .
 brooke mueller changes mind , enters rehab center <sec> mueller can `` focus on her recovery without distraction '' in rehab , a spokesman says .  charlie sheen 's ex-wife decides at-home care for her addiction is not the best .  mueller faces drug charges in aspen , colorado , after a december 3 arrest .  her twin sons will stay at home with their nann .
 fighting poverty one campus at a time <sec> shin fujiyama 's students helping honduras aids children and families in need .  the campaign has grown to 25 campuses and raised more than $ 750,000 .  group members are helping to rebuild a village devastated by a 1998 hurricane .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open at cnn.com/heroe .
 germany captain ballack fractures knee <sec> germany captain michael ballack has suffered a fractured left knee cap .  ballack sustained the injury while playing for bayer leverkusen against hanover .  ballack is ruled out of the euro 2012 qualifiers against turkey and kazakhstan .  mainz defeat kaiserslautern 2-1 to remain 100 per cent in the bundesliga this seaso .
 street renamed after soldier allegedly abused in afghanistan <sec> a section new york 's chinatown is renamed `` private danny chen way '' .  chen died from an apparently self-inflicted gunshot wound after alleged abuse .  honor called `` enduring testament to the life of this remarkable young man .
 organ donors should not have to pay to donate ( opinion ) <sec> more died waiting for an organ than in wwi and ii , korea , vietnam , afghanistan and iraq .  sigrid fry-revere : organ transplant act bans most payment to living organ donors .  giving an organ costs $ 5,000 average , up to $ 20,000 : most americans ca n't afford it .  fry-revere : we need to pay costs of someone donating organs to people most in nee .
 middle schoolers bully bus monitor , 68 , with stream of profanity , jeers <sec> new : two accused boys and the father of a third one apologize and express regret .  new : `` when i saw the video , i was disgusted and could not believe i did that , '' one boy says .  funds pour in for the grandmother of eight .  klein does not want to press criminal charges , police official say .
 germany charges 93-year-old in 300,000 nazi murders <sec> a 93-year-old man is charged with being an accessory to at least 300,000 murders .  prosecutors in germany say he removed luggage left by new arrivals at auschwitz .  he was tasked with counting any cash found and sending it to nazi hq in berlin .  prosecutors says the man must have known that those arriving would be murdere .
 does an elephant-less circus have a future ? <sec> elephants have been symbolic of the circus since the 19th century .  ringling brothers circus is ending use of elephants soon .  historian wonders if more changes are to com .
 cnn student news - march 5 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 red bull in no rush over webber deal <sec> red bull say they are in no rush to discuss a new contract for mark webber .  the australian driver won the british grand prix at silverstone on sunday .  webber has been linked with a move to ferrari to replace felipe massa .  the 35-year-old is second in the drivers ' championship behind fernando alons .
 new jersey toughens rules for ferris wheels after 11-year-old dies <sec> riders must be 54 inches tall to ride without supervision , new rules mandate .  having two riders in each car is `` strongly recommended , '' official 's letter states .  abiah jones , 11 , fell to her death at a wildwood amusement park on june 3 .  how the girl fell has not been determined ; officials have no eyewitnesse .
 christie 's facts <sec> christie 's global auction sales in 2007 totalled $ 6.3 billion .  christie 's was founded in 1766 by james christie .  sales categories include fine arts , jewelry , photography , collectibles , wine , car .
 nsa hacks china , leaker snowden claims - cnnpolitics.com <sec> an eu commissioner wants to know whether the u.s. targeted european citizens .  a gallup poll finds americans are split over edward snowden 's actions .  nsa chief rejects claims that the agency can tap any u.s. phone .  u.s. hacks computers in china , nsa leaker snowden tells pape .
 jon gosselin 's epiphany : reality tv not good for my kids <sec> because of his divorce with kate , jon says children should no longer film show .  jon gosselin tells larry king he has n't talked with kate in about a month .  kate : i 've been `` saddened and confused by jon 's public media statements '' .  jon on relationship with tlc : `` they put me on house arrest .
 boy scouts to study ban on gay leaders <sec> scout committee will study resolution on its membership policies .  resolution asks that local units determine standards on gay leaders .  boy scouts says its ban remains in effec .
 family buried alive in kashmir avalanche <sec> a total of 10 people were killed in avalanches on friday alone .  red alert sounded by authorities following five days of continuous snowfall .  avalanches are a common threat in kashmir during winter perio .
 steven spielberg and 'the horse the germans could not kill ' <sec> warrior honored by animals version of victoria cross .  horse praised by film director steven spielberg .  warrior served in world war i and survived .  horse honored 100 years after start of the great wa .
 federal funds aim to clean up nuclear wasteland <sec> $ 2 billion being spent to clean up hanford nuclear site in washington state .  hanford is the most contaminated nuclear site in w. hemisphere .  stimulus funds creating jobs in and around the sit .
 puja , pain , payments : how everest sherpas mourn <sec> ang tshiring , 57 , was among the 16 killed in this year 's mount everest avalanche .  in nepal 's thame valley , villagers have few employment options other than to work in the climbing industry .  for families of deceased , sadness now eclipsed by spiritual dut .
 families find little comfort at afghan children 's hospital <sec> kabul hospital 's operating budget is less than $ 1,200 a month .  government pays salaries , but even basic supplies are often gone .  one in five afghan children will die before their 5th birthday , group say .
 psy leads snoop dogg on korean-style drinking binge <sec> psy and snoop dogg shot new `` hangover '' music video in incheon , south korea .  video shows traditional korean style of drinking and partying .  psy 's ep will be released later this yea .
 the happiest and saddest states according to twitter <sec> twitter survey : hawaii is the happiest state and napa , california , is the happiest city .  researchers looked for happy and sad words to determine a location 's overall mood .  beaumont , texas , is the saddest city ; louisiana is the most bummed out stat .
 obama challenges republicans on payroll tax cut <sec> new : republicans propose spending , benefit cuts to pay for payroll tax cut extension .  a democratic proposal would tax millionaires to pay for expanding the payroll tax cut .  republicans oppose such a surtax and offer an alternative plan .  failure to extend the payroll tax cut will cost average families about $ 1,000 a yea .
 brazile : mlk 's work is not done <sec> donna brazile : anniversary of selma 50 years ago reminds us work on rights continues .  she says voting rights have to be defended anew against assaults over nonexistent voter frau .
 tennis star tipsarevic swears at french open fans <sec> world no . .  12 janko tipsarevic rants at spectators who he said were putting him off .  serbian loses in the third round of the french open to russia 's mikhail youzhny .  world no . .  1 novak djokovic and rafael nadal on course for semifinal clash .  defending champion maria sharapova battles into last 16 of women 's dra .
 dod : civilian contractors in kuwait did n't have proper clearances <sec> a new defense department report cites a contractor in kuwait .  the company failed to make sure its workers had proper clearances and documentation .  the safety of u.s. military personnel could have been jeopardized , defense says .  the contract , which ends this month , cost $ 3.3 billio .
 in north korea , dennis rodman fouls out <sec> dennis rodman returned from north korea with an upbeat assessment .  john avlon says rodman did n't take north korea 's rights violations seriously .  he says celebrities who give aid to dictators deserve criticism .  avlon : rodman 's actions follow in the trail of others such as charles lindberg .
 obama , xi work through range of issues in 2-day summit - cnnpolitics.com <sec> president barack obama and chinese president xi jinping wrap their sunnyland summit .  aides say the location offered the two leaders a quiet place to work through a range of issues .  discussed north korea , cyber attacks and climate change issues .  obama agreed to hold a similar informal summit next in chin .
 china opposes dalai lama 's taiwan visit <sec> taiwan president allows visit by dalai lama .  new : beijing opposes the visit `` in whatever form and capacity '' .  dalai to visit island to pray for victims of typhoon merakot .  tibetan leader 's spokesman denied there was any political subtext to visi .
 international hip-hop artists find their roots in u.s . <sec> hip-hop artists from five countries visit the u.s. to meet u.s. artists , perform .  visit is part of state department 's cultural visitors program .  team visits new york city , washington , philadelphia over three weeks .  `` it 's a real immersion into the culture , '' philippine performer say .
 u.s. presidential election : cristiano ronaldo gives obama star billing <sec> real madrid star cristiano ronaldo says he would vote for barack obama if he could .  portuguese joins former manchester united colleague wayne rooney in choosing obama above mitt romney .  romney camp is backed by jack nicklaus , jim courier and john elway among other .
 former bolivian dictator arrested on exposure charge , government says <sec> new : the former president denies in a tv interview having contact with the girls .  juan pereda asbun exposed himself to a group of children , officials say .  he was sent to a drug rehab facility after he was found with cocaine .  pereda ruled bolivia for four months in 197 .
 al-shabaab changes tactics , withdraws from somali capital <sec> new : u.n. official calls the retreat `` a positive development '' .  the somali president warns residents to avoid former rebel areas .  he says the militants may have booby-trapped some areas .  al-shabaab controls areas of southern somalia struck by famin .
 stephen fry : the actor taking the highs with the lows <sec> stephen fry is a british actor , writer and comedian .  began career in television writing and appearing in comedies with hugh laurie .  a self-confessed technophile he has battled manic depression throughout his lif .
 cash call coming : jimmy wales ' wikipedia drive to stay ad-free <sec> founder of wikipedia starting new fund raising drive to keep site free .  the 2010 fund drive raised $ 16 million in 50 days from 500,000 people .  jimmy wales : `` it 's a temple for the mind . .  it 's a place where we think and reflect .
 villain or hero ? flap over california school named for bandit <sec> a new school in california is being named after a famous bandit .  tiburcio vasquez is said to have been a notorious criminal .  supporters of the name say he stood up for marginalized hispanic .
 perry : i am not a french king - cnnpolitics.com <sec> texas gov . .  rick perry 's lawyers file a motion to toss out last month 's grand jury indictment .  his lawyers argue indictment , stemming from a 2013 veto , violates separation of powers .  perry vetoed funds for the office run by travis county 's democratic district attorney .  perry 's lawyers ridiculed notion that like an absolute monarch , perry could personally benefi .
 isis hostage video raises questions about 'jihadi john ' <sec> western officials have said they believe they know the identity of `` jihadi john '' .  but they may be withholding it as a way to get closer to him , an ex-cia officer says .  expert : the black-clad militant 's latest appearance shows isis `` resilient .
 repressed voices speak out in iran <sec> iran has suffered through decades of political repression , says hamid dabashi .  he says iran 's regime has benefited from turmoil in the mideast .  iran 's green movement is a new generation following in footsteps of its parents ' bid for libert .
