 can the secret service actually change ? <sec> significant changes to the secret service could be difficult to implement .  the secret service operates as a part of the department of homeland security .  the agency is facing harsh criticism after an unprecedented white house breac .
 'sovereign ' : the limousine-shaped superyacht fit for a king <sec> sovereign comes with its own custom-built limousine for offshore trips .  designers hope to start production in the coming months .  the design team is in talks with fashion house armani to fit out the interior .
 spain 's monarchs reveal finances for first time <sec> a corruption investigation widely reported in spanish media is fueling criticism of the royal family .  spain faces an economic crisis that has sparked sharp government austerity measures .  king juan carlos receives 292,752 euros annually .  prince felipe , next in line to the throne , receives about half that amoun .
 sauber to show support for japan at opening formula one grand prix <sec> formula one team sauber to show support for japan at opening race of the season .  sauber driver kamui kobayashi is from japan .  message to be displayed on the livery of sauber 's car .
 cadbury accepts $ 21.8b takeover by kraft <sec> british chocolate maker cadbury accepts buyout offer from u.s. food giant kraft .  kraft offer for cadbury is 840 pence per share , valuing cadbury at £21.8 billion .  agreed cash-and-stock offer ends five months of hostile relations .  combined kraft/cadbury will be one of world 's biggest confectionery companie .
 sanford e-mail to mistress : situation 'hopelessly impossible ' <sec> the state newspaper says governor 's office confirmed authenticity of e-mails .  `` you have a level of sophistication that so fitting with your beauty , '' s.c. governor wrote .  argentine woman returned his feelings : `` you are my love ... `` .  paper acquired e-mails in december , did n't pursue authentication until recentl .
 why gendercide is the real 'war on women ' ( opinion ) <sec> the british parliament recently voted 181 to 1 to ban sex-selective abortion .  reggie littlejohn : while abortion is divisive issue , we should all agree to end gendercide .  she says in countries such as china and india , women are often forced to abort baby girls .  littlejohn : gendercide is human rights abuse with bad and tragic consequence .
 'sex and the city ' actress davis designs for frugal fashionistas <sec> `` sex and the city '' actress kristin davis says women need strong shoes .  the actress says her new fashion line fits different types of bodies .  she says `` sex '' movie sequel will have characters spending less .  green will be the hot color in the latest movie , davis say .
 returning bolt shatters 150m world record <sec> usain bolt shatters world record by winning 150m in manchester on sunday .  the jamaican sprint king defeats marlon devonish in a time of 14.36 seconds .  the 22-year-old old was only passed fit on monday after a recent car acciden .
 can earthquake-proof table save lives ? <sec> israeli designers build affordable earthquake-proof table .  the new design could be valuable in schools , especially those built near geological fault lines or in developing countries .  the table is light enough for two children to lift , but sturdy enough to withstand a ton of falling debri .
 unhealthy habits are what 's killing us <sec> americans ' poor health , relative to other countries , is cited as a reason for health reform .  david frum says there 's little evidence health bill will improve u.s. life expectancy .  he says research shows unhealthy habits explain why americans get sick more often .  individual choices to adopt healthy lifestyles would have more impact , he say .
 kauto star claims fifth king george win <sec> kauto star makes history with his fifth king george vi chase victory .  the 11-year-old beat last year 's winner long run at a packed kempton park .  kauto star and desert orchid had shared the previous record of four win .
 iran says neda 's death may be tied to 'terrorist ' group <sec> iran blames neda agha-soltan 's death on `` groups who want to create division '' .  neda may have been mistaken for `` terrorist 's '' sister , state-run news agency says .  woman has emerged as powerful symbol of opposition to iranian government .  iranian regime has sought to minimize the impact of neda 's deat .
 5 things we learned from the state of the union <sec> obama 's state of the union address could have been a campaign speech from last year .  while he did give a nod to the opposing party , some of his proposals are non-starters with gop .  obama says proposals wo n't increase debt , but officials wo n't say how they 'll be paid for .  president made it clear that if congress wo n't deal with issues , he 'll do it by executive orde .
 gift cards probed in apple purchases in new york <sec> three men arrested in new york last week after a traffic stop .  authorities probe whether altered gift cards used to buy apple products .  arrests follow target announcement it was victim of major credit card breach .  no indication that target and new york cases are related , howeve .
 the dos and don'ts of photo editing <sec> cnn 's ireport boot camp challenges ireporters to improve their storytelling .  cnn 's matthew rond shares his advice on photo post-production .  show us your editing skills by september 1 .
 syria chemical weapons worse than conventional attacks ? <sec> more than 100,000 people have died in syria , the vast majority through conventional attacks .  some ask why a chemical weapons attack would be seen as more `` evil '' .  president obama told cnn that u.s. interests are at stake .  two major international agreements have failed to stop chemical weapon .
 cold and icy , texas and louisiana deal with winter <sec> state of emergency declared in louisiana because of cold and ice .  two dead in weather-related louisiana traffic accidents , state police say .  `` if you do n't need to be on the roads , stay off them , '' houston official says .  many south texas and southern louisiana schools close .
 opinion : congress , give us new voting rights act <sec> donna brazile : lbj 's 1965 speech enjoined southerners to support blacks ' right to vote .  she says the supreme court , in a stroke , has eviscerated the voting rights act .  brazile : president obama must convince polarized congress to save the act by fixing it .  voter id laws show threats to rights remain , and congress must pass new act , she say .
 djokovic shocked in toronto <sec> world number one djokovic humbled in toronto .  jo-wilfried tsonga beats djokovic 6-2 , 6-2 .  tsonga now meets andy murray in the quarters .  stan wawrinka also knocked out by sa 's kevin anderso .
 federal court strikes down key part of federal law banning same-sex marriage <sec> at issue is whether federal benefits can be denied in marriages legal under state law .  a three-judge panel of a federal appeals court says no .  the appeals court notes it may ultimately be up to the supreme court to decide .  the law is being defended by congressional republicans , not the obama administratio .
 doughnut-maker loses 170 pounds <sec> kathy tandy went from 432 pounds to 260 pounds by eating sensibly .  she says she used to eat 8,000 to 10,000 calories a day .  she could n't fit on airplanes or in seats at the movie theater .  now , she 's enjoying life , playing with her grandkids and traveling to europ .
 triathlete conquers first time in the ocean <sec> rae timme could n't swim when she joined the cnn fit nation team .  timme swam in the ocean for the first time during the team 's florida midway trip .  `` the euphoria that i had at the finish line ... made me forget the struggle to get there .
 u.n. : world hunger down but still 'unacceptable ' <sec> global hunger declines for the first time in 15 years .  925 million people will still go hungry , according to u.n . .  more than 40 percent of the world 's hungry live in india and china .  improving economies and drop in food prices contributed to dro .
 pi day : what you need to know <sec> pi day is celebrated march 14 in honor of the famed irrational number .  san francisco 's exploratorium and princeton , new jersey , go all ou .
 allenby joins sport 's freak injury club <sec> robert allenby tears knee ligaments after slipping on his fishing boat .  allenby will miss u.s. pga championship next week after having surgery .  he joins a list of sporting stars who have succumbed to unlikely physical problems .  rio ferdinand , sam torrance and kim clijsters have also suffered bizarre injurie .
 this week on marketplace middle east <sec> mme talks to libya 's former interim prime minister mahmoud jibril about the country 's future .  king abdullah of jordan has made several changes in the government this year .  as jordan struggles with high poverty rates , mme looks at the country 's economic pressure .
 u.s. suspends aid to kenya education ministry , ambassador says <sec> united states has suspended a $ 7 million `` capacity building '' program , ambassador says .  announcement comes after allegations of corruption in free schooling campaign .  u.s. , britain , other donor governments criticize corruption , slow pace of reform in keny .
 alan gross , on plane from cuba : 'i 'm free ' <sec> new : `` what a blessing it is to be a citizen of this country , '' alan gross says .  new : gross says cubans treated unjustly due to governments ' `` mutually belligerent policies '' .  gross lost more than 100 pounds in prison , and he said goodbye to his family this year .  his mother died while he was in prison in cub .
 bush says some nato allies let u.s. down in afghanistan <sec> george w. bush denies his administration took its `` eye off the ball '' in afghanistan .  the 43rd president says some nato allies `` turned out not to be willing to fight '' .  bush also affirms his support for the federal bailout of banks , insurers and carmakers .  an interview with bush and his brother jeb , an ex-florida gov. , airs sunday night on cn .
 pope 's resignation was not forced by health issues , spokesman says <sec> pope 's brother says he does not expect new pope to come from outside europe .  no date is yet set for the cardinals to meet to elect a successor , the papal spokesman says .  the pope is not suffering from any specific disease that forced him to resign , he says .  credit card payments are accepted again in vatican city , the spokesman say .
 senate report : rice , cheney ok 'd cia use of waterboarding <sec> senate report says top bush officials gave cia approval on waterboarding .  president obama , others have called waterboarding torture .  dick cheney has said practice produced useful information on terrorists .  cheney : obama officials have n't released memos showing interrogation benefit .
 chocolate city : zurich is the place for chocoholics <sec> sweet zurich tour focuses on local chocolate confectionery gems like honold and conditorei schober-peclard .  rousset advises chocolate tasters to let the chocolate melt -- not chew .  as with wines , it 's important to know where cocoa beans originate , because their `` terroir '' determines flavo .
 prince harry named world 's most eligible bachelor <sec> prince harry has been named the top bachelor , according to the editors at town & country .  the magazine states , `` he is cooler and more appealing than his older brother '' .  the list is n't very hollywood specific , although clooney and nicholson made the cu .
 clinton urges pakistan to do more in fighting terrorists <sec> hillary clinton : pakistan must ensure it is not used as a launching pad for terrorism .  clinton says u.s. believes al qaeda leader ayman al-zawahiri is in hiding in pakistan .  she says the foiled yemen plot shows extremists continue to devise ' '' perverse '' ways to kill .  she touts a rewards program intended to obtain information about suspected terrorist .
 ryan says no to presidential bid - cnnpolitics.com <sec> wisconsin rep. paul ryan will not run for president in 2016 , he said monday .  ryan said his work on the house ways and means committee deserves his `` undivided attention '' .  he praised former running mate mitt romney but would n't offer an endorsemen .
 triumph and tragedy for godolphin stable at world 's richest meeting <sec> monterosso wins world 's richest horse race in dubai .  french jockey mikael barzalona on the godolphin trained runner .  fox hunt death mars dubai gold cup on same card .  incident takes place in front of main stand at meyda .
 o canada ! northern neighbors build playlist for obama <sec> cbc radio 2 asks listeners to pick 49 songs that best define canada .  they 're building playlist so barack obama can better understand neighbor to north .  options have wide range : classical , classic rock , contemporary far .
 iranian 'running man ' spreads message of world peace <sec> reza baluchi aims to run through the middle east and finish on top of mt . .  everest .  he has been running around the world since escaping from iran .  baluchi says he was tortured by government militia after being arrested .  he has run for charitable causes since arriving in the u.s. in 200 .
 three mile island radiation leak investigated <sec> airborne radiological contamination alarm sounded at 4 p.m. saturday .  radiation was confined to a single building and no one was in danger , company says .  in 1979 , three mile island was the scene of the worst u.s. nuclear acciden .
 betsen hints at france comeback <sec> serge betsen tells cnn he is considering coming out of international retirement .  betsen has 63 caps for the french national team .  france won the six nations grand slam in marc .
 how chris christie took over the republican governors association <sec> high-profile job allows christie to gain foothold in key states , mingle with gop 's big financial backers .  previous rga chairmen have used the job as a national launching pad .  christie launched behind the scenes phone and email campaign to shake up order of succession .  christie backers say his ever-growing star power will be boon for rga in a busy election year .
 new selma-to-montgomery march is more than just a reenactment <sec> civil rights activists are reenacting a march from selma to montgomery , alabama .  on march 7 , 1965 , police at the edmund pettus bridge beat marchers seeking voter rights .  new march aims to highlight what 's being called a modern-day attack on voter right .
 fall trends at the top of the class <sec> fashion trend forecaster wgsn shared predictions yesterday of what we 'll wear in the fall .  school-style trends will feature big this year for large retailers like target and h & m .  you 'll see more complicated textures : coated , bonded fabrics and rubberized lac .
 heavy rains cause flash floods in greater boston area <sec> storms cause flash flooding in eastern massachusetts .  several cars stuck in water in somerville area .  floodwaters cause delays for mass transit syste .
 onion editor : humor 'speaks truth ' in confusing digital world <sec> sxsw keynote speaker : humor `` speaks truth '' in a confusing digital world .  comedian baratunde thurston is digital editor at the onion , author of `` how to be black '' .  satire has been used in oppressed countries like china , iran and egypt .  thurston : you can measure a nation 's freedom by its reaction to satirist .
 underneath tripoli lies 'gadhafi 's inner sanctum ' <sec> cnn 's sara sidner sees another world in a tunnel below tripoli .  gadhafi may have recorded his taped messages in a studio there .  rebels are methodically searching through the winding passage .
 emmy night : biggest snubs and shocks <sec> there were a few surprises sunday night at the emmys .  `` homeland 's '' damian lewis was a dark horse favorite .  `` american horror story '' lost its bid for best miniserie .
 review : the truth is , 'lying ' succeeds <sec> `` the invention of lying '' has moments of inspired comedy , says tom charity .  movie is about man who learns to lie in truth-telling society .  film is flat at times , but star ricky gervais helps carry it over weak spot .
 four mothers share pain of losing sons <sec> the mothers of trayvon martin , michael brown , tamir rice and eric garner meet .  martin 's mother : all four victims were unarmed and african-american .  if garner were white , he would be alive today , his mother say .
 why campaign spending rules hurt small business <sec> david brodwin says citizens united ruling is bad for small businesses .  he says poll found that most small businesses do n't like role of money in politics .  he says that role favors old , moneyed industries , not new ones that drive innovation .  brodwin : campaign spending has un-american effect of stifling competitio .
 juventus close in on serie a title with victory over novara <sec> juventus beat 4-0 to remain three points clear at the top of serie a .  ac milan also win , defeating siena 4-1 .  juventus head table on 77 points with three games remainin .
 'forgotten australians ' get apology <sec> `` forgotten australians '' were brought from britain in program that ended 40 years ago .  children came from british families struggling with severe poverty or from institutions .  `` i can not rewind the clock on your suffering , nor can i erase the past , '' rudd say .
 agent : nfl star hines ward not impaired behind wheel <sec> new : agent says preliminary investigation shows ward was not impaired .  new : player apologizes to his fans .  hines ward was released after posting $ 1,000 bond .  the steelers wide receiver is a `` dancing with the stars '' winne .
 more woe for chelsea boss benitez <sec> chelsea only manages 2-2 draw at home to struggling southampton .  manchester united and arsenal progress to fourth round of fa cup with nervy victories .  barcelona held to a 2-2 draw in copa del rey by malaga .  roma through to semifinal of coppa itali .
 'american idol ' : name your top 13 power list <sec> the top 13 head into tonight 's whitney houston/stevie wonder performance .  jermaine jones is ranked 13th on ew.com 's `` american idol '' power list .  jessica sanchez is ranked 1st on ew.com 's `` american idol '' power lis .
 young people are at risk for h1n1 complications , studies say <sec> in sickest h1n1 patients , mortality rate ranged from 14.3 percent to 41.4 percent .  overall death rate is closer to seasonal flu than sars , doctor says .  older people could have immunity to h1n1 because of virus 50 to 60 years ago .  doctor : `` definitely get the vaccine .
 cousteau : a life of green action <sec> philippe cousteau will lead the three-person cnn team to the arctic .  he has previously worked on cnn environmental specials and from the gulf oil spill .  cousteau is also chief ocean correspondent at discovery 's animal planet .  he is the grandson of the legendary captain jacques coustea .
 bhutto widower zardari elected pakistan 's new president <sec> new : zardari : `` democracy vindicated , '' president is subservient to parliament .  asif ali zardari , widower of ex-pm benazir bhutto , elected pakistan president .  at least 25 dead following explosion in turbulent nw pakistan region .  the pro-u.s. zardari will rule a nuclear power threatened by islamic militanc .
 ex-teacher : 'jihadi john ' was a quiet kid <sec> mohammed emwazi 's ex-head teacher says he was a quiet boy , slightly bullied at school .  she says there was no sign during his school years that he was turning to radical islam .  advocacy group releases audio with emwazi 's complaints of security services ' questionin .
 woman killed , fetus cut from body <sec> pregnant woman found slain ; unborn child taken from womb , police say .  police found body of darlene haynes in apartment closet .  infant may still be alive , but requires medical attention , authorities sa .
 officer breast-feeds quake orphans <sec> new mother feeds babies separated from parents by disaster .  she 's proclaimed as hero , but says it 's `` not worth mentioning '' .  newspaper headline hails her as `` china 's mother no . .  1 .
 u.s. , britain : we 're not deterred in afghanistan <sec> july deadliest month for u.s. , british forces in afghanistan since '01 invasion .  `` we will work it through together , '' british foreign secretary david miliband says .  miliband calls for afghan government to reconcile with moderate taliban elements .  u.s. official : boosting the training of afghan forces will be a big focu .
 official : 9 civilians die in attack on kabul luxury hotel <sec> new : foreigners also died in attacks earlier this month and in january .  the nine dead are civlians -- a mix of afghans and foreigners .  four gunmen shot dead by security forces in kabul hotel attack .  gunmen were all under 18 and considered `` government opponents .
