 ship 's cook seized by pirates blames employers <sec> suit alleges crew sent into pirate-infested waters without protection .  representatives of ship 's owners have yet to comment .  maersk alabama was hijacked by pirates april 8 .  plaintiff richard hicks , of royal palm beach , florida , was the ship 's stewar .
 barcelona boosted by iniesta return ; arsenal add song to injured list <sec> andres iniesta included in barcelona squad for champions league clash with arsenal .  influential spain midfielder missed first leg of quarterfinal due to a hamstring injury .  arsenal add cameroon midfielder alex song to english club 's lengthening injury list .  inter milan midfielder wesley sneijder may miss trip to russia 's cska mosco .
 hamas , israel set independent cease-fires <sec> new : israeli prime minister says no intention to hurt civilians .  palestinians fire two rockets after cease-fire declaration .  palestinian authority president calls for aid into gaza .  cease-fire covers all armed palestinian factions , cnn report .
 the 11 best videos of the week <sec> videos of the week include drone footage of oklahoma city .  nasa has a car that drives sideways -- and a spacecraft headed for plut .
 does black friday still have a point ? <sec> black friday losing significance as a key holiday shopping day , says janet hoffman .  consumers are more likely to be apathetic and to shop online than in past years , she says .  she says deep price cuts in 2008 holiday season changed consumer expectations .  stores focus on shopping experience in an age of rising online sales , she say .
 nickelodeon denies 'sam & cat ' cancellation rumors <sec> the network says the show is safe .  personal photos of star mccurdy leaked online .  the next episode will air on april 1 .
 3 utep basketball players kicked off team for gambling <sec> the university of texas at el paso found out about gambling in december .  an fbi investigation found three players who bet on sports , an ncaa violation .  no signs that seniors mckenzie moore , justin crosgile and jalen ragland bet on own game .
 fourth man charged in connection with plot to help isis <sec> the revised indictment is released monday .  dilkhayot kasimov is charged with two counts of providing support to a foreign terrorist organization .  three other men have also been charged in the plot and pleaded not guilt .
 opinion : in white male tech world , why capitalism needs an upgrade <sec> mitch kapor and ben jealous worry that a lack of diversity in tech firms is stalling innovation .  startups succeed , they say , when they meet unmet needs .  innovators from diverse backgrounds can uncover fresh , unsolved problems .  capitalism , they say , is u.s. operating system but current version needs an upgrad .
 in tears , jennifer hudson testifies at trial of man accused of killing her relatives <sec> hudson 's sister , julia , testifies defendant threatened to kill her family .  `` where he was , i tried not to be , '' jennifer hudson says of william balfour .  balfour is accused of fatally shooting hudson 's mother , brother and nephew .  balfour , the estranged husband of hudson 's sister , has denied the charge .
 charlotte church calls murdoch tabloid 'horrific ' <sec> new : people believe rules prevent falsehoods from being printed , charlotte church says .  charlotte church says a private investigator had her phone details .  former tony blair spokesman alastair campbell is due to testify later this week .  police say 5,800 people were targets of journalists looking for storie .
 mccain pushes heavier u.s. involvement in libya <sec> sen. john mccain , r-arizona , says the u.s. should do more to oust moammar gadhafi .  mccain is a senior congressional authority of military and foreign affairs .  mccain made a surprise visit to the libyan rebel stronghold of benghazi on friday .  a foreign policy analyst says the visit will increase pressure on the obama administratio .
 jets running back mike goodson arrested on drug and gun charges <sec> tow truck driver saw vehicle stopped on a new jersey interstate , police say .  they say goodson was a passenger , and drugs and a gun were in the vehicle .  goodson and the driver are in jail after their arrests .  goodson , from spring , texas , signed a three-year , $ 6.9 million contract with the jets , nfl say .
 opinion : the new mexico , beyond stereotypes <sec> ariel moustatsos : ruben navarrette 's column full of misinformation about mexico .  fewer mexicans moving to u.s. , he says , and u.n. lauds mexico 's immigration reform .  mexico 's balanced budget and economic growth lifting many into middle class , he says .  moutstatsos : u.s. , mexico trade booming ; nations share geography and peopl .
 war of words continues in trayvon martin case <sec> martin family attorney insists prosecutor and police chief met .  state attorney norm wolfinger says he 's `` outraged '' by the claim , which he says is a lie .  friend of george zimmerman defends the neighborhood watch volunteer .  frank taaffe says the community was suffering through a spate of burglarie .
 accused gunman 's doctor , university face lawsuits <sec> 14 people intend to sue university , psychiatrist who treated suspected shooter .  dr. lynne fenton testified her contact with james holmes ended before the shooting .  holmes is awaiting arraignment on more than 160 charges , including murder .  he is accused of opening fire inside a theater on july 20 , killing 12 and wounding 5 .
 cnn student news - september 12 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call . .  the weekly newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the new .
 georgia fedex shooter : 'i 'm not sorry .. for the misery i 've caused ' <sec> police in georgia release two notes they say are from 19-year-old geddy kramer .  kramer shot six people , then killed himself at fedex facility last month , police say .  the teen calls himself `` a sociopath '' who had a history of drug use , mental issues .  he does n't regret the violence , saying : 'i 'm in my happy place .
 colbert 'late show ' staying in new york <sec> cbs ' `` late show '' to keep ed sullivan theater as home under new host .  show has been in new york for david letterman 's entire run on cbs .  stephen colbert to succeed letterman in 201 .
 opinion : sell the clippers to the people <sec> billionaires are reported to be interested in buying l.a. clippers if team put up for sale .  newt gingrich : the team should be sold as a nonprofit to the fans , like green bay packers .  he says sports teams are public in every way except their ownership .  gingrich : public builds many stadiums , provides services , has big interest in team .
 relief wells , 'heavy mud ' plug being tried to stop north sea gas leak <sec> total 's elgin platform in the north sea began leaking gas on sunday .  currently , about 200,000 cubic meters of gas a day are leaking into the water .  two methods are being tried to stop it : drilling relief wells and plugging it up .  a scottish official says the environmental risk appears to be minima .
 raul castro shakes up cuban cabinet <sec> several longtime aides to fidel castro are replaced .  foreign minister and cabinet secretary move aside .  analyst says it 's the biggest shake-up in 30 or 40 year .
 estonian student shoots and kills teacher <sec> a school shooting happens in viljandi , estonia .  police say a 15-year-old student shot and killed a teacher .  estonia 's prime minister describes the shooting as a shoc .
 blind korean tourist who went missing in new york is found safe <sec> kim has flown back to south korea with his sister , consulate spokesman says .  taeheung kim , who is legally blind , gets separated from his group at a n.y. museum .  he 's last seen outside the museum early the next morning ; police issue an alert .  he has since been found and is healthy , police sa .
 did obama break promise to latinos ? <sec> barack obama promised to have an immigration bill he could support in his first year in office .  ruben navarrette jr. says the president did n't fulfill the promise .  he says republicans share the blame , but democrats control washington .  navarrette : latino voters are losing faith in the obama administratio .
 islet cell transplantation offers hope for type 1 diabetes <sec> islet cell transplantation might offer hope to patients with type 1 diabetes .  patients who benefit are struggling with extreme blood sugar swings .  scientists will complete two human clinical trials before submitting data to fd .
 cnn student news - april 22 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 london 's frieze art fair plans expansion to show art through history <sec> london 's premier contemporary art fair , frieze , clocks million dollar sales .  fair will expand to create new fair next year dedicated to art from antiquity to year 2000 .  work by established artists still seen as safer bet for investors in art .  dealers buoyed by early sale .
 warriors who became walking libraries <sec> tom beaty founded witness to war in 2002 .  the website posts video testimonies of veterans .  they provide views of war from the foxhole .  former marine roland marbaugh recorded his memories of the pacific and kore .
 chinese president arrives for u.s. state visit <sec> obama hosts hu at a small white house dinner tuesday evening .  hu is greeted by vice president biden on his arrival .  china 's human rights record will be a topic of the obama-hu talks .  obama and hu are expected to discuss trade , currency and north kore .
 iran claims released footage is from downed u.s. drone <sec> the footage was released by iranian state media and placed on youtube .  iran claims it downed the plane in 2011 .  obama in the past asked for the drone bac .
 at service , holder calls sikh temple shooting a hate crime <sec> new : families of wounded release statements .  attorney general holder says the attack was anathema to american values .  mourners hold an emotional memorial service in a high school gymnasium .  six sikhs were killed in the shooting attack at their temple last sunda .
 ponting resigns as australian cricket captain <sec> ricky ponting announces his resignation at a news conference in sydney .  two-time icc player of the year cites a desire for improvement as his reason for quitting .  michael clarke is tipped to succeed ponting when the new captain is named on wednesday .  ponting departs as the most successful australian captain ever , with 12,363 run .
 hillary clinton hospitalized after doctors discover blood clot - cnnpolitics.com <sec> the clot was discovered in a follow-up exam related to her concussion .  clinton is expected to remain hospitalized for at least the next 48 hours .  she was scheduled to return to work this week after recovering from the concussio .
 clooney , clinton and useless 'soft outrage ' <sec> s.e . .  cupp : at golden globes and beyond , hollywood denounces terrorism , genocide .  she says michelle obama , hillary clinton think hashtag activism helps , but it does nothing .  cupp : left-leaners should skip `` soft outrage '' -- force is more likely to wor .
 in pakistan , musharraf placed under house arrest <sec> musharraf recently returned to pakistan from exile to try to run in upcoming elections .  islamabad high court asks city police chief to explain why musharraf was n't arrested .  pervez musharraf 's office : the decision to deny a bail extension is `` unwarranted judicial activism .
 lahood : forced cuts mean flight delays , some control tower closures <sec> new : most faa workers will face furloughs , lahood says .  ray lahood warns of major impact from forced spending cuts as soon as april .  transportation secretary calls on fellow republicans to compromise .  the spending cuts are scheduled to be implemented starting march .
 djokovic faces federer in semis after great french open escape <sec> novak djokovic saves four match-points to reach french open semifinals .  world no . .  1 ends france 's hopes of first male winner since 1983 .  serbian seeking to be first man since 1969 to hold all four grand slam titles .  he will play 16-time grand slam champion roger federer in friday 's sem .
 opinion : generations x and y start to rule politics <sec> america 's political climate is changing due to maturity of two generations , says julian zelizer .  gen x and y have different attitudes and experiences than baby boomers .  zelizer : politicians are seeing the result on issues such as gay rights , immigration .  he quotes dylan : `` something is happening here . .  but you do n't know what it is . .
 senate panel seeks to 'connect the dots ' <sec> incident has `` broader implications for society , '' sen. joe lieberman says .  congressional committee opens inquiry into massacre at fort hood , texas .  lieberman : feds ' lack of response after uncovering e-mails will be examined .  also to be investigated is whether task force information about suspect was share .
 mensah off as ghana beat botswana ; traore fires mali past guinea <sec> ghana beat botswana 1-0 in africa cup of nations group d match .  john mensah scores the winner for ghana but then gets sent off .  ten-men hang on for victory as ghana take control of group d .  mali beat guinea 1-0 in other group d game thanks to bakaye traore goa .
 civil unrest damaging kenya 's economy <sec> kenya 's once-stable economy faltering due to violence following disputed election .  equity market on nairobi stock exchange lost $ 591 million on first day of 2008 .  business leaders say the government losing $ 29.5 million a day in revenues .  thriving tourist industry also hit , with british tour operators calling off flight .
 video games meet art at 'into the pixel ' <sec> supporters say video game art is finally receiving its just due .  `` into the pixel , '' a juried art show , is now in its eighth year .  curator : there 's no line between the video-game artist and the fine-art worl .
 charges dropped in dominique strauss-kahn case <sec> a judge approves dismissal of sexual assault charges against strauss-kahn .  da : prosecutors were `` not persuaded ... that a crime has been committed '' .  the past weeks were `` a nightmare , '' strauss-kahn says .  diallo 's lawyer says there 's a `` mountain of physical evidence '' that strauss-kahn assaulted he .
 opinion : a real bridge problem that could ruin your day <sec> walter wise says the attention focused on new jersey 's bridge scandal is misplaced .  wise : our nation 's bridge 's are in dire need of repair .  wise : political gamesmanship may lead to disaster with our infrastructur .
 officer resigns after alleged beating of student caught on tape <sec> officer beat student for not adhering to school 's dress code , says student 's lawyer .  incident at academy for learning , a dolton high school for special-needs students .  student , marshawn pitts , 15 , suffered brain injuries as a child in car accident .  academy for learning would not comment on incident involving a specific studen .
 malaysia : asia 's cultural melting pot <sec> with range of cultural influences , malaysia is among most diverse countries in asia .  despite global downturn , nation remains `` one of asia 's most vibrant economies '' .  national cuisine , exotic wildlife and colorful festivals make it a tourist favorit .
 traditional medicines continue to thrive globally <sec> even in the era of modern medicine , traditional treatments are still widespread .  in japan , shark fin is sold by herbalists , and is believed to promote well-being .  muti practitioners sell their wares in johannesburg 's faraday market .  acupuncture has spread all over the world from its roots in ancient chin .
 last-minute epa policy change angers supreme court <sec> epa rule finalized just before supreme court arguments in logging case .  scientists say sediment related to logging can harm fish , plants .  environmental group won appeals case , state ; industry sought high court interventio .
 suspected drug kingpin caught with his pants down <sec> reputed drug lord on fbi 's top 10 most-wanted list captured in west colombia .  diego montoya sanchez `` the most sought-after narcotrafficker in the world '' .  fbi offered reward of $ 5 million for information leading to his arres .
 feds : two air traffic controllers fired for sleeping on duty <sec> the firings follow a spate of reports about snoozing controllers .  federal officials announced new regulations saturday aimed at preventing such incidents .  the faa and the controllers ' union agreed to immediate change .
 congressman : syria strike not worth risk <sec> rep. joe heck : world , so far , lacks resolve to respond to al-assad regime atrocities .  he says he 's not convinced u.s. should strike . .  action should only protect u.s. interests .  he says a strike could spark wider regional conflict , escalate u.s. involvement .  heck : iraq , afghanistan , libya show our intervention can leave behind further abuse .
 u.s. , canada , mexico agree to streamline border controls <sec> three nations will streamline border controls .  the three leaders are called the `` three amigos '' .  the keystone xl pipeline is a major issu .
 house defeats republican spending plan <sec> new : remove the offset and democrats will support it , rep. hoyer says .  new : house republican leaders consider revising the measure .  the short-term spending measure falls on a 195-230 vote .  48 republicans join democrats in opposing i .
 bruce springsteen to tour south africa for first time <sec> the boss will perform with his e street band .  in 1985 , band member steven van zandt began a campaign against south africa 's apartheid .  van zandt enlisted big names to be part of the campaign , including bono and bob dyla .
 hungry patron delivers knuckle sandwich , with a side of pickles <sec> a customer complained of too many pickles on her steak-and-cheese sub .  she punched an employee and shoved jars of pickles at her , police say .  the worker fell and the jars shattered , but the employee managed to catch the woman .  it happened at a subway station in quincy , massachusett .
 'angry birds ' meets 'star wars ' <sec> `` angry birds star wars '' launches thursday on multiple platforms .  the new game features more than 80 levels .  players will get to `` use the force , wield a lightsaber , and blast away pigtroopers .
 armstrong cited for traffic offenses <sec> aspen , colorado , police cite former cycling champ lance armstrong with two traffic offenses .  his longtime girlfriend , anna hansen , first told police she was driving when the wreck occurred , police sai .
 fertility clinic to couple : you got the wrong embryos <sec> a fertility clinic implanted the wrong embryos in an in vitro procedure .  couple were in `` total shock '' after learning that the baby is not genetically theirs .  birth mother is continuing with pregnancy and will give the baby to dna parent .
 tracy morgan : i ca n't believe walmart is blaming me <sec> one died , three injured when walmart truck hit tracy morgan 's limo .  morgan filed a lawsuit saying crash was walmart 's fault .  walmart responds , saying morgan and others should have worn seat belts .  new : morgan : `` i did nothing wrong .
 mother of missing arizona 5-year-old arrested <sec> jhessye shockley was reported missing on october 11 in glendale , arizona .  her mother has said the girl wandered away while at home with her siblings .  she earlier pleaded in the media , `` please bring my baby back '' .  the mother is accused of `` child abuse directly related to her daughter , '' police sa .
 slaughter at mcdonald 's changed how police operate <sec> rampage at san ysidro , california , mcdonald 's killed 21 .  police were outgunned by one man with high-powered weapon .  first cop on scene recalls being pinned down by barrage from uzi .  afterward , police department beefed up elite tactical unit , added counselin .
 superb sharapova storms past williams <sec> second seed maria sharapova storms past venus williams at australian open .  no . .  4 agnieszka radwanska advances along with li na and angelique kerber .  defending champion novak djokovic into round four after beating radek stepanek .  fourth seed david ferrer and no . .  5 tomas berdych also throug .
 ferguson 's thanksgiving mixed with kindness , sadness <sec> new : volunteers bring turkey and other thanksgiving treats to national guard soldiers .  new : michael brown 's father leaves one chair empty at table .  atf is investigating possible arson at michael brown sr. 's church .  officer darren wilson is in talks to leave the ferguson police department , lawyer say .
