 mississippi high court upholds barbour pardons <sec> new : a surviving victim says he 's `` totally in shock '' after the ruling .  new : a lawyer for the remaining inmates says they 'll be released by friday .  `` he wanted everyone to know he was the big man , and he proved it , '' a victim 's sister says .  barbour says pardons were `` based on repentance , rehabilitation , and redemption .
 italy and spain seal 2012 qualification <sec> italy become the second country to qualify for the finals of euro 2012 .  they defeat slovenia 1-0 in florence thanks to giampaolo pazzini 's goal .  england and netherlands also both win to edge close to finals next year .  new world champions spain defeat liechtenstein 6-0 to also book their plac .
 does facebook unite us or divide us ? <sec> facebook has half a billion users , notes ethan zuckerman .  he says facebook could be force to connect people from many backgrounds .  online networks tend to connect us with people we already know or who are like us , he says .  zuckerman : we have work to do to make web , social networks truly worldwid .
 a.j . jacobs ponders how much to tithe <sec> a.j . .  jacobs believes the ancient practice of tithing should be revived .  he checks with pastor after haggling with wife over tithing after taxes .  jacobs : `` as i gave away money , i think i might have felt god 's pleasure '' .  says tithing is putting a 10 percent thank you in `` the big tip jar in the sky .
 ohio animal rights activist kills herself , 31 rescue dogs , police say <sec> founder of animal rights foundation found dead in running car with 31 rescue dogs .  investigators found prescription vials in the vehicle and a suicide note inside the house .  one dog survived and is recovering at home with founder 's husband and so .
 egyptian executive pleads guilty to sexually abusing hotel maid <sec> mahmoud abdel-salam omar was sentenced to five days ' community service .  he 's already completed that service .  he must also submit his dna to the state database .  the incident occurred soon after dominique strauss-kahn was accuse .
 reports : armstrong admits to oprah he cheated during cycling career <sec> new : media reports say armstrong admitted to using performance-enhancing drugs .  source tells cnn the former cyclist in talks to repay some sponsorship money .  interview with winfrey lasted 2 1/2 hours , talk show queen tweets .  armstrong apologizes to cancer foundation workers for their stres .
 prosecutors question 'egypt 's jon stewart ' <sec> complaints have been filed alleging that bassem youssef insulted islam , egypt 's president .  the popular egyptian television host is released on bond after questioning by prosecutors .  youssef is a satirist whom some compare to jon stewart for his irreverent take on politics .  while he was questioned , he mocked officials in a string of twitter post .
 'two and a half men ' finale takes down charlie sheen <sec> the series ended after a turbulent 12 season run .  fans hoped charlie sheen would make an appearance .  sheen tweeted he would never appear on the show agai .
 facebook 's $ 19 billion move you might not notice <sec> facebook 's major purchase might not change much for users .  the company shelled out $ 19 billion for texting tool whatsapp .  mark zuckerberg says whatsapp will operate independently .  move looks to help facebook abroad , where whatsapp is stron .
 justices are well-off , well-traveled <sec> reports show david souter may be the wealthiest member of supreme court .  samuel alito , the busiest traveler , made 33 expense-paid trips in 2007 .  chief justice john roberts recorded 63 investments and trust .
 crowley : a picture-perfect day in unity <sec> sens . .  clinton and obama hold a unity rally in unity , new hampshire .  crowley : a `` day of togetherness that barack obama had wanted '' .  `` it was not entirely believable , but politics is the art of pragmatism , '' crowley add .
 clashes follow suicide bomb attacks in yemen ; dozens killed <sec> new : yemeni official : at least 60 soldiers are killed in the fighting .  fierce clashes erupt as the government fights back .  militants are close to taking over a strategically important base , officials fear .  ansar al-sharia fighters control important roads , residents sa .
 opinion : mayor of toronto could be your neighbor <sec> patrick krill : we laugh about toronto mayor ford 's stunts , but addiction is serious .  krill : high-functioning addicts with big jobs are all around us , disguising their addictions .  krill : they think if they were addicts , they could n't go to work every day ; others believe it too .  he says friends , family need to stop excusing their behavior because they 're professional .
 seven dead in syria clashes , activists say <sec> syrian forces killed seven people in two towns on friday , opposition group says .  over 2,600 people have died in the country since mid-marc .
 democrats unveil $ 940 billion compromise health care plan <sec> new : gop effort to require up-or-down vote on senate health care bill fails .  new : president delays trip to australia , indonesia to help push bill over finish line .  new : bill cuts senate bill provision that exempts nebraska from paying medicaid expenses .  bill cuts deficit by $ 138 billion over 10 years ; additional $ 1 trillion in cuts expected after tha .
 obama marks 20th anniversary of landmark disabled rights law <sec> president obama celebrates the americans with disabilities act .  he signs an executive order to increase federal hiring of disabled people .  several hundred guests attend the white house even .
 senate gun law proposal lacks enough support now <sec> new : sen. manchin says a vote on background checks unlikely until later in the week .  a compromise amendment on background checks comes up this week .  republicans who voted to open debate may not support the bill .  debate on the overall gun package is expected to last two week .
 indictment accuses argentina vp of bribery <sec> charge is related to accusations against amado boudou when he was economy minister .  he is alleged to have used his influence to give a company he controlled a currency-printing contract .  boudou is argentina 's first sitting vice president to be prosecuted in a corruption cas .
 hispanic heritage month : mental health disparities <sec> obamacare will give 6 million currently uninsured latinos access to mental health care .  latinos are less likely than non-hispanic whites to seek out professional help .  disparity could be linked to lack of hispanic mental health professionals .  stigma in hispanic community around mental illness is also a problem , experts sa .
 cnn student news - august 12 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student new .
 steady job or healthy environment : what would you choose ? <sec> mountaintop removal coal mining provides jobs in west virginia . .  environmentalists say it destroys nature and creates health problems . .  `` battle for blair mountain : working in america '' airs august 14 and august 20 .
 soldiers killed in blast targeting new somali president <sec> somalia 's new leader escapes an apparent assassination attempt in mogadishu .  at least four somali soldiers and one african union soldier were killed , witnesses say .  two suicide bombers appear to have carried out the hotel attack , witnesses say .  hassan sheikh mohamud was voted in by somali lawmakers monda .
 balotelli tussles with manager mancini in man city training ground bust up <sec> mario balotelli and roberto mancini were embroiled in bust up in training on thursday .  the manchester city striker and manager had to be separated by coaching staff .  the scuffle was sparked by balotelli 's hostile challenge on a fellow player .  mancini downplayed the incident on friday , saying he would give balotelli more chance .
 islamists fare well in first round of egypt 's elections <sec> new : egyptians are real `` winners '' of election process , official says .  liberals say they 'll try harder in the next two rounds .  the muslim brotherhood calls results the `` will of the people .  he islamist surge reflects a trend in north afric .
 teenager returned to mexico after identity mistake <sec> a girl is seized by authorities who thought she was the daughter of a woman in houston .  dna tests show she is not .  the mother of alondra luna nuñez says : `` they stole my child .
 bilingual education ban in california to be repealed <sec> law banning bilingual education in california schools may be overturned by new bill .  `` california has squandered one of its most valuable economic and cultural resources '' .  language and spanish speakers are deeply misunderstood among the general public .  4 myths about spanish in the u.s. differ from empirical realit .
 escaped hezbollah member turns up in beirut <sec> hezbollah member escaped from egyptian prison .  he makes surprise appearance in beiru .
 review : 'kid icarus : uprising ' burns its wings <sec> the game is a follow-up to the original `` kid icarus '' title that came out 25 years ago .  a device called the fiend 's caldron allows players to spend hearts to adjust the difficulty .  some weapons can be fused with other weapons to create even more powerful attacks .  `` kid icarus : uprising '' is available now and only for the nintendo 3d .
 university professor , wife killed in nebraska <sec> friend : `` it 's a terrible loss to the whole world that they 're no longer with us '' .  roger and mary brumback were found dead at their home .  police are not releasing specific details in the case .  they 're looking into possible links between it and other area killing .
 nominated as pentagon chief , hagel vows to fight 'distortions ' <sec> obama says the ex-senator from nebraska is `` the leader that our troops deserve '' .  hagel says he 's eager to `` set the record straight '' about where he stands on issues .  he 's been criticized by republicans for his position on iraq , iran and israel .  colin powell says he supports hagel ; iraq vet rep. tom cotton opposes hi .
 bodies found in truck after w. va. officers wounded <sec> state police : motorist shoots at cops after they pull over son .  police find two bodies , believed to be from north carolina , in one of the vehicles .  drivers facing charge .
 pharrell williams cries 'happy ' tears <sec> the singer becomes overwhelmed talking to oprah winfrey .  he says `` happy '' is no longer just his song .  winfrey says she gets now why the song is so popula .
 supreme court wants new look at 'wardrobe malfunction ' <sec> u.s. supreme court has asked that `` wardrobe malfunction '' case be re-examined .  janet jackson inadvertently flashed breast during super bowl halftime show in 2004 .  cbs and several affiliates were fined ; appeals court disagreed with decision .  networks have clamped down on nudity , language ; still worry some slips throug .
 ponting : australia can whitewash england in the ashes <sec> australia captain ricky ponting says his side can beat england 5-0 in the ashes .  england are the current holders of the famous urn after a 2-1 series win in 2009 .  england batsman jonathan trott says ponting 's comments may put australia under pressure .  ashes series starts in australia on november 2 .
 u.s. drone strike in northwestern pakistan said to have killed 16 <sec> new : the pakistani foreign ministry condemns the attack .  the strike targets a compound of the haqqani network , which attacks nato forces .  militants attack a paramilitary checkpoint , killing six constabulary members .  u.s. drone strikes have drawn fierce opposition in pakistan due to civilian casualtie .
 11 things to know before visiting myanmar <sec> book accommodations early -- myanmar 's hotel room shortage is expected to last 5-10 years .  with more than 1,000 miles of coastline , the country has some of asia 's best beaches .  newfound press freedom has led to explosion in newspaper popularity .  bring crisp , new cash -- old , dirty and creased bills are often rejected by money changer .
 world war ii bomb scare in london 's olympic park <sec> inert bomb in london 's olympic park results in evacuations .  the bomb appears to date to world war ii .  the park hosted the invictus games closing concert hours before the bomb was discovere .
 new jobs of 10 former stars <sec> how some childhood icons are now making a living .  brittany daniel of `` sweet valley high '' tv show is producing `` ruby '' -- about woman 's weight loss .  new kids on the block 's jonathan knight still sings , but also sells real-estate .  joe millionaire 's evan marriott has left tv and returned to job in constructio .
 catching up with depeche mode <sec> depeche mode has more than 30 years in the music industry .  famous fans include coldplay and frank ocean .  the group will soon kick off a tou .
 chris botti 's national anthem brings nfl star to tears <sec> chris botti 's national anthem was breathtaking .  it brought football player reggie wayne to tears .  several viewers have called it one of the best national anthem performance .
 jal dreamliner lands on one engine after oil pressure problem <sec> jal tokyo to san francisco flight diverted to honolulu after engine oil pressure dropped .  pilots shut down engine and requested emergency landing , as per airline protocol .  comes after wing cracks discovered in 40 in-production plane .
 morality : it 's not just for humans <sec> prominent scientist frans de waal studies morality in primates .  his new study suggests that chimps have a human sense of fairness .  chimps yawn in response to other chimps yawning , just like humans , his research suggest .
 gps technology maps land rights for africa 's 'forest people ' <sec> indigenous communities in congo basin often have no legal rights to the land where they live .  `` community mapping '' projects train forest people to use gps to map their land .  rainforest foundation uk says maps help people retain access to the fores .
 'mine-golia ' : across the steppes , new wealth emerges <sec> mongolia 's biggest copper and gold mine excavating large area of gobi desert .  expected to account for one third of mongolia 's economic output by 2020 .  some local oppose the mine , others are positive about economic benefit .
 bush calls meeting with obama 'friendly ' <sec> new : president bush calls meeting with president-elect obama `` constructive '' .  laura bush gave michelle obama a tour while president , obama met .  bush and president-elect were expected to discuss `` broad range of issues '' .  obama campaigned against what he called bush 's `` failed policies .
 where is university of virginia student hannah graham ? <sec> jesse matthew has been sent to virginia .  arrest of suspect in the hannah graham case leaves one painful question : where is she ? .  university of virginia student was last seen on september 1 .
 monkey stolen from california zoo found safe <sec> new : banana sam was found in san francisco park , police say .  the monkey was deemed in good condition , though hungry , the zoo says .  banana sam is 17 years old and has been in the zoo 's care for years .  common squirrel monkeys can give a nasty bite that can quickly become infecte .
 dea chief : ca n't 'pre-judge ' probe of alleged agent involvement with prostitutes <sec> secret service and dea agents were in colombia in april , ahead of a presidential trip .  nine secret service agents have lost their jobs for allegedly spending time with prostitutes .  no action has been taken against three dea agents still under investigation .  the head of the dea says `` if there was misconduct , they will face our disciplinary process .
 the mating game : will frankel and black caviar breed superhorses ? <sec> frankel has won $ 1.8 million in prize money so far but he could be worth $ 155 million in stud .  top yearlings used to fetch $ 10 million at auction but the market has deflated in recent years .  black caviar is the highest-rated filly of all time according to racehorse performance experts .  both horses are mini marketing enterprises with a range of branded clothing and gift .
 bernard sets world 100m freestyle record <sec> alain bernard breaks the world 100m freestyle swimming record .  he covers the distance in 47.60 seconds in eindhoven .  he has yet to qualify for the beijing olympic .
 body of missing barista believed found in alaska lake <sec> samantha koenig was last seen on february 1 .  the crime struck at one of the hallmarks of the anchorage community .  police believe her abductor acted alone .  they plan to file kidnapping and murder charges against someone already in custod .
 anchor lou dobbs departs cnn <sec> dobbs , 64 , said president jonathan klein agreed to release him from his contract .  departure will `` enable me to pursue new opportunities , '' said dobbs .  dobbs said he was considering `` a number of opportunities and directions '' .  dobbs ' no-holds-barred style brought loyal following , but also controvers .
 manchester united and buccaneers owner malcolm glazer dies aged 85 <sec> manchester united owner malcolm glazer dies aged 85 .  glazer assumed control of nfl team the tampa bay buccaneers in 1995 .  the buccaneers won their first super bowl crown in 2002 .  despite loading the club with debt man utd have maintained their succes .
 colorado convict found after prison break <sec> douglas alward broke out of an eastern colorado prison sunday .  he was recaptured wednesday about 50 miles away .  a hostage with him was released unharmed , prison officials sai .
 princess nikky onyeri : nigeria 's cancer advocate <sec> health advocate from nigeria campaigns for better awareness of breast cancer .  lobbies nigerian government to do more for women with cancer .  was misdiagnosed with cancer 15 years ago ; issue still a taboo in afric .
 egypt 's mubarak to remain detained despite winning appeal <sec> mubarak wins petition for release but will remain detained on other cases , state tv says .  a day after a judge recused himself from a retrial , mubarak 's lawyers asked for release .  the former egyptian president faces charges involving the killing of protesters .  he was driven from office in 2011 and found guilty in the slayings in 201 .
 why beijing is courting trouble in hong kong <sec> china has announced changes to election procedures in hong kong .  new `` nominating committee '' rules would likely see pro-beijing candidates elected .  pro-democracy campaigners in hong kong are angry , `` occupy central '' protests planned .  bush : result of changes will be `` continuing instability from a frustrated public .
 gop agenda for congress : challenge obama and prove they can govern - cnnpolitics.com <sec> republicans are eager to shake off past scandals and seize control of both chambers of congress .  top agenda items for the gop include : approving the keystone xl pipeline expansion and confronting the president .  house and senate republicans will huddle in a rare joint retreat in hershey , pennsylvania in mid-januar .
 birgit fischer <sec> olympic record : 8 gold medals , 4 silver medals .  the first woman in olympic history to win gold 20 years apart .  fischer won 27 world championship titles between 1979 and 1999 .  canoeist was born february 25 , 1962 , in brandenburg , german .
 oklahoma father dies in police encounter after mother slaps daughter <sec> spokesman : 3 moore , oklahoma , police officers are suspended with pay .  mother and daughter argued at movies , then mother slapped daughter .  police came and confronted the father , luis rodriguez .  the cuffed him ; an ambulance came ; after the encounter he was dea .
 spanish police say seized items intended for iran nuclear program <sec> police in northern spain seize items `` particularly apt '' for use in the nuclear industry .  they say the items were accompanied by documents showing intended export to iran .  the stop resulted from an investigation begun last march , officials sa .
 biography : yasuaki sakyo and shibuya university <sec> yasuaki sakyo , 28 , leads shibuya university in tokyo , japan .  shibuya university offers free , community-based , lifelong learning .  classes take place in the street , record shops , museums ; anyone can teach .  ex-accountant sakyo hopes the shibuya model will be adopted elsewher .
 lindsey vonn : rebuilding a skiing superstar <sec> how lindsey vonn is bidding to return from a potentially career threatening injury .  american 's red bull team insists it 's as much a mental as it is physical battle to return .  british skier chemmy alcott relives recovering from three leg breaks in her career .  extreme sports psychologist on the mentality of recovering from such high-speed fall .
