 mali separatists ready to act over destruction of tombs <sec> tuareg rebels say they want the united states and france to help .  three tombs at a unesco world heritage site in timbuktu are reported destroyed .  islamist militants say they will continue the destructio .
 martin luther king 's kids fight over his bible , nobel <sec> dexter king , martin luther king iii want to sell mlk 's bible and nobel peace prize .  sister bernice opposes selling the item .
 gorbachev : georgia started conflict in s. ossetia <sec> new : georgian president criticizes gorbachev for `` vindicating lies and deceptions '' .  gorbachev says russian called up forces in response to violence in tskhinvali .  georgia says russia backed separatists who broke cease-fire and sparked violence .  the former president says u.s. is jeopardizing ties with russia by backing georgi .
 ocean sole turns broken flip-flops into eye-popping animal toys <sec> ocean sole is a company turning broken flip-flops into colorful animal sculptures .  masses of rubber sandals blight beaches and waterways , creating an eco-disaster .  kenya-based ocean sole aims to recycle some 400,000 flip-flops every year .  the company sells its creations in zoos , aquariums and stores around the worl .
 crunch time for recall volunteers - cnnpolitics.com <sec> `` where 's the civility , '' says oriannah paul , a backer of wisconsin gov . .  scott walker .  conservative advocate says larger implications are at stake .  cuts mean `` we are no longer competitive , '' says college professor who supports recall .  state democratic spokesman : recall is not a national issue , but a wisconsin issu .
 murder case , leo frank lynching live on <sec> mary phagan 's murder in 1913 spawned an atlanta trial that 's still talked about today .  leo frank was convicted , later lynched by mob of respected community leaders .  case hit hot buttons : north vs. south ; jew vs. christian ; black vs. white .  story continues through new books , films and descendants from all side .
 pkk denies role in deadly mine blast <sec> erdogan vows to respond to explosion in southeast turkey .  the death toll stands at 9 .  pkk denies involvement in the attac .
 startup finds niche in digitizing physical mail <sec> outbox picks up mail the post office drops off at homes , scans it and e-mails it to recipient .  austin-based startup is rolling out in its second city , san francisco , this week .  the service costs $ 4.99 a month and will still deliver selected physical mail .  the struggling u.s . .  postal service is not working with outbo .
 glenn beck 's 'honor ' rally : what you missed <sec> glenn beck urges the country to `` turn back to god '' .  the rally drew fire for its timing and location .  civil rights activists gathered nearby for a `` reclaim the dream '' rally .  despite buzz in blogosphere , beck says `` not a chance '' for a beck-palin ticke .
 bob vila maps road to home recovery after sandy <sec> superstorm sandy victims should check for structural damage , bob vila says .  vila recommends inspecting for flooding , roof damage , mold and yard debris .  consult local and fema authorities about home repair guidelines .  contact professionals for big repair jobs after assessing the damage to your hom .
 georgia hopes 'pop-up ' city will become economic hub <sec> plans to build city for 500,000 on marshland in georgia .  called lazika , government wants it to be economic hub for the region .  country 's economic climate remains difficult with 16 % unemployment .  city proposed to be special economic zone and operate under uk la .
 check your phone : nations with the most mobile malware <sec> security threats by malicious software targeting mobile devices on rise , says nq mobile .  nearly 95 % of all global malware targets phones operating on android os .  almost 33 million android devices were targeted by malware in 2012 .  mobile devices in developing countries often targeted for personal data minin .
 rooney double earns man united victory <sec> wayne rooney scores twice as manchester united defeat west ham 3-0 .  michael owen scores the other goal to help united claim a comfortable win .  the result leaves united just a point behind premier league leaders chelse .
 unreleased kurt cobain song to appear on soundtrack <sec> the album will feature a 12-minute acoustic cobain unheard track .  the doc is already winning rave reviews .  filmmaker wants to release one of the cobain 's personal cassette .
 cracking hollywood 's celluloid ceiling <sec> theron says women must make their own success behind the camera .  in her 15 years working in hollywood , she has produced four films .  she produced `` monster , '' for which she was awarded a best actress oscar .  theron on being a woman working in hollywood : `` i try not to bitch and complain .
 obama touts movement on gay rights , but frustrations remain <sec> new : talking about gay rights , president obama says ''america can change ' .  new : he touts achievements for gays and lesbians , admits there 's more to be done .  administration 's repeal of `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' and support in other areas seen as promising .  but some in lgbt community are frustrated he has n't acted quickly enoug .
 china 's 'most wanted ' robber shot and killed by police <sec> zhou kehua -- one of the country 's most wanted criminals -- killed by police in chongqing .  zhou accused of killing 10 people during a series of attempted robberies since 2004 .  42 year old escaped similar manhunt in nanjing in january after a man was shot during a robber .
 fighter jet crashes in afghanistan <sec> authorities looking into why plane went down during takeoff from kandahar airfield .  crew ejected safely ; role of insurgents has been ruled out of cause of crash .  military officials did not identify type of jet that crashed , nor the nationality of the crew .  crash is the fourth aircraft wreck in three day .
 fans wear shirts in tribute to ferguson <sec> instagram users share photos of themselves and their friends and family emblazoned in manchester united gear .  tributes paid by `` devastated '' fans include a new tattoo by one user of the social media platform .  from malaysia to iceland , posts reflect breadth of united fan base for iconic team and its legendary manage .
 video shows jewish museum killer <sec> senior belgian law enforcement official says police have no leads .  the public prosecutor says the death toll stands at three , not four .  a museum spokeswoman said sunday a fourth victim had died .  two jewish men were targeted in an attack outside synagogue , french interior ministry say .
 carter : obama 's re-election prospects could improve after november vote <sec> former president jimmy carter says obama 's re-election prospects could improve .  he blasts republicans for obstructionism , saying they will need to change after november .  carter blames `` vast amounts of money '' for fueling animosity in washingto .
 partial eclipse is a dream for space photographers <sec> thursday 's partial eclipse reached its peak at 5:45 p.m . .  et .  people in the central time zone got the best view , nasa says .  nasa : protect your eyes with special filters or indirect methods when viewing any eclipse .  did you catch the eclipse ? .  share your best photos with cnn irepor .
 feds : afghan doctor in philly linked to insurgents <sec> hayatullah dawari , 62 , is a former doctor who reportedly has worked with the red cross .  prosecutors say he also has been working with an anti-western insurgent group .  the group in afghanistan has ties to al qaeda , prosecutors say .  dawari was in federal court on immigration fraud charge .
 ftc warns hotels about 'resort fees ' <sec> federal trade commission warns 22 hotel operators about unquoted fees .  online reservation systems may misrepresent prices by leaving out mandatory fees , ftc says .  ftc has not publicly named the hotels it warne .
 more than 200 arrested in moscow <sec> police arrested them in a bid to prevent ethnic clashes .  they seized weapons including knives and tasers .  most of those arrested are from the north caucasu .
 opinion : obama 's ukraine policy -- scream loudly , carry no stick <sec> gingrich , graham : u.s. has protested but has n't gone beyond symbolic measures .  they say obama 's meeting with ukrainian leader and kerry 's condemnation are n't sufficient .  authors : u.s. should have accepted ukraine 's emergency request for military aid .  they say it is crucial to send a message that the u.s. will respond strongly to aggressio .
 uk royal tour of nz and australia : will prince george meet his bilby ? <sec> britain 's duke and duchess of cambridge will visit nz and australia from april 7 to 25 .  a final decision has not been made on prince george 's presence at public events .  queen elizabeth ii had to give permission for the two heirs to the throne to fly together .  it will be catherine 's first visit to either country , while prince william first visited in 198 .
 cnn student news - april 30 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 'idol ' megan joy talks about being voted off <sec> megan joy dropped from `` american idol '' on wednesday night .  she had dismissed judge simon cowell 's criticism ; cowell dismissed her .  joy says `` idol '' has opened up new worlds for he .
 experts : media today would demand chappaquiddick answers <sec> media `` more ferocious '' today , would n't have left questions unanswered , expert says .  ex-police chief says he would have charged kennedy with vehicular homicide today .  chappaquiddick incident credited with ending ted kennedy 's presidential hopes .  chief : `` what happened afterward has never been completely explained .
 12 ways of giving -- without reaching into your wallet <sec> want to give more this season but lack the funds to do so ? .  consider donations .  many cnn heroes are accepting used goods , whether they be books , computers or cars .  you can even donate your time to mentor mothers-to-be as a `` sister friend .
 north korea promises 'all-out action ' amid talk of nuclear test <sec> new : `` it 's part and parcel of their threats to engage in more provocations , '' says u.s. official .  u.s. officials say a new north korean nuclear test could come at any time .  north korea has conducted two previous nuclear tests , in 2006 and 200 .
 stop beating the drums of war against iran <sec> president obama said the gop are `` beating the drums of war '' about attacking iran .  asher kaufman : a military strike against iran would unleash a devastating war .  he says israel would be far more vulnerable in such a war than iran .  kaufman : we should consider how to rebalance middle east inter-state politic .
 what you should know about tumblr <sec> yahoo buying tumblr is a bid to make its own base younger , cooler .  founded in 2007 , the site hosts 150 million blogs .  animated gifs saw a comeback on tumblr .  there 's lots of porn -- an issue yahoo may have to addres .
 russia , china and partners call for non-intervention in syria , iran <sec> russia and china display a united front on syria and iran .  the two major powers and their regional partners oppose military intervention .  the stance opposes western ideas of tougher measure .
 germany prove too good for cyprus <sec> germany beat cyprus 4-0 in hannover as they keep pressure on the czechs .  lukas podolski scores and produces a superb performance for the germans .  the czech republic remain top of the group after defeating slovakia 3- .
 the cold war : 5 things you might not know <sec> the early 1960s were the most intense years of the cold war .  as soviets tested nuclear devices , americans stockpiled canned goods in fallout shelters .  how well do you know the '60s ? .  take our quiz and find out .
 michael brown 's stepfather sorry for outburst in ferguson protests <sec> michael brown 's stepfather says he 's sorry for yelling `` burn this bitch down '' last week .  police are investigating whether louis head intended to incite riot , police chief says .  do n't expect head to be prosecuted because it 's tough to prove , law enforcement says .  `` we just wish he would just shut up , '' law enforcement official says of ferguson police chie .
 hill titan dan rostenkowski dead at 82 <sec> rostenkowski first entered congress in 1959 .  he became chairman of the tax-writing ways and means committee in 1981 .  rostenkowsi was defeated in the republican landslide of 199 .
 official : no motive for death in notes left by director tony scott <sec> the revelation comes from los angeles county coroner 's spokesman .  the notes left by tony scott also did not mention any health issues .  scott died in a fatal plunge from a california bridge in an apparent suicid .
 rights group : haiti probing duvalier 's alleged atrocities <sec> new : duvalier breaks his silence and says he returned to haiti to help .  amnesty international handed 100 documents to haitian authorities .  the documents are mainly testimonies of people saying they were arrested and abused .  amnesty says haiti is launching a probe into atrocities allegedly committed under duvalie .
 dick van dyke tells 'mary poppins ' stories <sec> `` mary poppins '' came out 45 years ago ; won five oscars , including best actress .  star dick van dyke has been ribbed about his cockney accent .  van dyke pleased that his show was among michelle obama 's favorite .
 karzai appears to endorse u.s. , taliban talks over qatar office <sec> karzai appears to endorse opening of taliban office in qatar .  karzai says talks are the only way to end violence in afghanistan .  recent reports say the u.s. and others may want to strike a peace deal with the taliba .
 jennifer lawrence was josh hutcherson 's first <sec> jennifer lawrence and josh hutcherson co-star in `` the hunger games '' franchise .  hutcherson says lawrence was his first 'real big kiss ' in a film .  he says lawrence was pretty abrasive .  she agrees that it was 'very slobbery .
 haiti pier opens , road laid into port-au-prince <sec> new route allows supplies to enter port-au-prince .  dutch ship unloads 90 tons of humanitarian aid .  u.s. official : military sometimes confused about what the planes are carrying .  flights with medical supplies being diverted from haiti , says doctors without border .
 atlanta falcons player arrested at scene of an attempted suicide <sec> falcons defensive end refused to leave a taped off area .  john abraham is the second falcons player arrested in a week .  abraham was charged with two misdemeanor counts of obstructio .
 country icon george strait announces his final tour <sec> george strait is to tour for the last time in 2013 and 2014 .  strait has had more u.s. platinum records than the rolling stones .  he stressed repeatedly that he is not retiring from the music business .  the country icon was inducted in to the hall of fame in 200 .
 mystery object in the air investigated after pilot report <sec> a us airways express crew reports seeing what looked like a flare with a smoke trail .  the sighting occurred while the aircraft was on landing approach in philadelphia .  authorities say the sighting remains a myster .
 opinion : a new age of protests <sec> frida ghitis : a massive protest can start any time -- just look at turkey and brazil .  ghitis : in this era of connectivity , a little complaint can ignite raging fire of discontent .  she says these recent protests started over smaller issues , not over tyranny .  ghitis : technology has made it harder for governments to shape what people believe i .
 bush calls iran 'threat to world peace ' <sec> new : bush says iran remains `` a threat to world peace '' .  comments come days after high-seas encounter between u.s. , iranian vessels .  national security adviser : iranians `` are fishing in troubled waters here '' .  pentagon video shows iranian boats racing back and forth near u.s. navy convo .
 coroner 's office confirms body is not missing indiana univ . student <sec> forensic tests confirm body found in creek is not lauren spierer .  the 20-year-old indiana university sophomore disappeared june 2 .  investigators have not been able to make any progress .  the coroner 's office will use dna and dental records to identify the bod .
 jillian michaels : why i left 'biggest loser ' again <sec> jillian michaels has left `` the biggest loser '' again .  she says she wanted more control over her image .  she felt there had been changes in the way the show 's produced .  her tv persona was starting to adversely affect her famil .
 buy one laptop -- and a child gets one free <sec> one laptop per child launches the give 1 , get 1 scheme .  for the first time , people can get their hands on rugged , green xo .  when north americans buy a laptop , a second gets sent to a child in a poor country .  scheme is run by nicholas negroponte , founder of mit media la .
 epic floods in thailand : how you can help <sec> floods in thailand have left hundreds dead , billions of dollars worth of damage .  it is the worst flooding to hit the country in half a century , thai government says .  relief organizations are mobilizing to provide food , shelter , and medical aid .  there are ways you can support relief efforts for flood victims in thailan .
 'breaking bad 's ' epic premiere : what 's the verdict <sec> `` breaking bad '' returned for its final eight episodes on sunday .  the episode featured a tense showdown that answered a big plot question .  expectations were high , but the mid-season premiere delivere .
 what will be the legacy of asiana airlines flight 214 ? <sec> in pilot lounges and aviation blogs , the verdict is in : asiana 's pilots screwed up .  the crew over-relied on automation .  it also did not pay attention to the plane 's slowing spee .
 russian court convicts whistle-blowing lawyer after his death <sec> new : the verdict draws criticism from u.s. officials .  the conviction of sergei magnitsky comes nearly four years after this death .  magnitsky died in a moscow jail in 2009 ; the u.s. alleges he was beaten to death .  his death prompted the united states to freeze the assets of certain russian official .
 violence surges in strategic syrian city <sec> rebels and the syrian government both claim to control parts of qusayr .  opposition activists report intense shelling , hundreds of injuries .  the strategically important city has been under rebel control for months .  the opposition accuses hezbollah fighters from neighboring lebanon of joining syrian troop .
 uk royal tour of nz and australia : will prince george meet his bilby ? <sec> new : the royals touch down in wellington , new zealand 's capital .  britain 's william and catherine will visit new zealand and australia from april 7 to 25 .  a final decision has not been made on prince george 's presence at public events .  it will be catherine 's first visit to either country , while prince william first visited in 198 .
 picture of teen at target goes viral <sec> chick-fil-a operator says the teen `` left a memorable impression '' in his initial interview .  audrey mark was shopping at a target in raleigh , north carolina , when she noticed something unusual .  employees were tying a customer 's tie and preparing him for a job intervie .
 nasa reveals first-ever photo of liquid on another world <sec> nasa photo from cassini probe is first-ever of liquid on another world , says scientist .  image shows sun reflecting from a lake on saturn 's moon , titan .  planets with liquid are thought to be more likely to develop life .  scientists have been studying titan because of its similarities to eart .
 snow specialist hirvonen claims opening round in sweden <sec> mikko hirvonen wins the rally of sweden for the second straight year .  hirvonen leads clean sweep of the podium by his ford fiesta team .  reigning world champion sebastien loeb struggles to sixth spo .
 benfica 's binya banned six matches <sec> uefa has punished benfica midfielder augustin binya with a six-match ban .  the cameroon international was sent off for bad tackle on celtic 's scott brown .  brown was lucky to escape injury in incident during champions league matc .
 new 'james bond ' trailer lands <sec> next james bond film , `` spectre , '' is scheduled for release november 6 .  new trailer hints at secret from bond 's past that sets him on mission to uncover sinister grou .
