 opinion : is africa the most homophobic continent ? <sec> this week uganda passed a bill that could mean life in prison for `` aggravated homosexuality '' .  marc epprecht says the vehemence of some of the homophobia in africa is striking .  but he says africa is a continent and its countries differ in their attitudes to homosexuality .  the west has played a role in creating homophobia in africa , epprecht say .
 winner a no-show as china hands out its first peace prize <sec> a six-year-old girl accepted the award for lien chan , taiwan 's former vice president .  a spokesman for lein chan said he did not `` know anything about this prize '' .  organizers of the confucius peace prize said the prize was not created to rival the nobel peace priz .
 georgia men defend bigfoot body claims <sec> north georgia men say they stumbled upon body while hiking in forest .  they also claim to have spotted three similar living creatures .  the body of the furry half man-half ape is 7 feet , 7 inches tall , they say .  men wo n't reveal bigfoot den 's location because they do n't want others disturbe .
 opinion : do violent video games play a role in shootings ? <sec> aaron alexis killed 13 people at washington navy yard on monday .  brad bushman : does playing violent video games contribute to aggression ? .  he says violent games alone may not push people to kill , but they are n't harmless .  bushman : playing video games can make players more aggressiv .
 woman dies during english channel charity swim <sec> susan taylor collapsed near end of 21-mile crossing , report says .  34-year-old was part-time accountant and fund-raiser .  only half a dozen channel deaths in 150 years of crossings , organization say .
 haiti trying to avoid past mistakes as rebuilding begins <sec> reconstruction phase of haiti 's recovery begins this summer .  haitians hope to employ better building practices .  hundreds of engineers are being trained .  aid groups have already started building transitional hom .
 top 10 cop cars of all time <sec> officers laud the dodge charger hemi 's performance and versatility .  italian police often drive the lamborghini gallardo .  paul anderson found police cars to smash up in blue brothers film .  detectives drive daytona spyder 365 in the first two `` miami vice '' serie .
 obama administration takes on bullying <sec> hhs secretary attends premiere of anti-bullying documentary `` speak up '' .  `` you should n't be afraid , '' she tells middle-schoolers .  bullying is n't `` a harmless part of growing up , '' president says in recorded message .  the documentary 's first airing will be 5:30 p.m. sunday on cartoon networ .
 paul ryan will shift the campaign dynamic <sec> john avlon : mitt romney 's vp selection is a gamble that changes the campaign .  he says ryan has very specific deficit reduction plans that romney will have to back .  ryan 's focus on substance is a welcome change for a largely negative campaign , avlon say .
 one word with many meanings translates into sports controversy <sec> patrice evra accuses luis suarez of using a racial slur .  british media reports suggest suarez shouted the spanish word `` negrito '' .  experts say what that word means depends on when -- and how -- it 's said .  `` it 's often a term of endearment , '' one scholar say .
 selling made in usa to the fast-fashion crowd <sec> small , u.s.-based clothing makers are eager to attract consumers accustomed to `` fast fashion '' but wanting more .  pop-up markets like northern grade bring together small-business owners and conscientious shoppers .  information about provenance , materials and brand story are prominent features on shopping sites tailored to these consumer .
 british court convicts parents in 'honor ' murder <sec> new : couple more concerned about shame than their daughter , judge scolds .  iftikhar and farzana ahmed are sentenced to life in prison in their daughter 's death .  prosecutors : shafilea ahmed , 17 , was killed her because of her westernized lifestyle .  her dismembered body was found on a riverbank months after she disappeared in 200 .
 man gives woman with ex-girlfriend 's name a world trip <sec> jordan axani booked an around-the-world trip for him and his girlfriend .  they broke up , and the ticket was non-transferable , he wrote on social media .  he looked for a woman with the same first and last name of his ex to take her ticket .  he decided upon a winner this wee .
 soul mate stories : from arranged marriage to true love <sec> the author 's parents were arranged to be married in 1985 .  'they are on the same page for all the things that matter ' .  share your love story at cnn.com/soulmatestorie .
 monica fears 'next wave of paparazzi ' if hillary runs - cnnpolitics.com <sec> lewinsky said she 's been thinking about a hillary clinton run for president .  there is more to her than just having a woman as president .  she says she 's wary of the media barrage that she fears would come with it .  lewinsky penned an article for vanity fair in which she talked about her affair with bill clinto .
 american airlines workers among 23 held in drug flights <sec> 9 airline employees among those accused of smuggling $ 20 million in cocaine .  most of flights were into or out of san juan , puerto rico .  dea and fbi say operation had been running since 1999 .  justice department moves to seize $ 18 million in propert .
 3 detained after 'sophisticated ' san diego-tijuana drug tunnel found <sec> authorities say seized drugs had a street value of nearly $ 12 million .  officials describe the underground passageway as a `` super tunnel '' .  authorities say three people were detained after the tunnel was found .  u.s. prosecutor : the tunnel was built by mexico 's sinaloa carte .
 6 missing after fire guts mansion in annapolis <sec> fire destroyed a 16,000-square-foot mansion , a fire official says .  technology executive don pyle owned the house .  search for people missing after mansion fire could take days , fire official say .
 'saturday night live ' adds three to cast <sec> `` snl '' adds three new cast members .  the show begins its 38 season this weekend .  the trio essentially replaces three cast members who left the sho .
 hundreds mourn teen basketball hero <sec> a church fills to remember high school star wes leonard .  he collapsed and died after scoring a winning basket in overtime .  his shot secured a perfect season for his high school team .  on monday the team won their first state playoff gam .
 do n't believe your lying eyes <sec> r. beau lotto : we only ever see what proved useful to see in the past .  but when seeing , we can be aware of one reality and an opposite reality , he says .  lotto : to literally `` see yourself see '' is the principal act of consciousness .  lotto 's talk first of weekly series on cnn.com : ted talk tuesday .
 soros : in revolutionary times the impossible becomes possible <sec> financier george soros funded eastern european dissident groups in 1980s .  soros : in revolutionary times things normally impossible become possible .  soros set up first foundation in hungary in 1984 ; by 1992 foundations in 22 countries .  west failed many post-communist states ; russia again an authoritarian regim .
 why some wo n't cheer eu 's nobel peace prize <sec> the eu is often seen as most ambitious conflict management project ever undertaken .  but ker-lindsay questions whether it has brought about as much peace as people think .  he points to the still unresolved situation in cyprus as a major failing .  however , it is in the balkans that the prize has been greeted with most skepticism he say .
 navy yard shooter raised concern before ; military said it was n't told <sec> report says employees at contractor noted behavior that raised concerns .  the report by the navy said had it known , the government would have yanked clearances .  alexis aaron shot and killed 12 people last year before being killed by polic .
 china weighs stimulus options to spur growth <sec> the government has started to talk about the importance of supporting growth .  speculation has mounted on what form any new stimulus will take .  will beijing stay the course , have 'stimulus-lite ' , or a re-run 2008 boost .
 5 things we learned from the 2015 golden globes <sec> golden globes award show highlighted free speech , diversity issues .  wins for `` boyhood '' cement its status as an awards front-runne .
 testing nukes without blowing up bombs <sec> critics wonder : would the new start arms pact with russia leave the u.s. vulnerable ? .  at lawrence livermore national laboratory , non-nuclear blasts help simulate nuclear ones .  virtual testing aims to ensure that u.s. arms are safe , reliable .  at lab , some of world 's fastest supercomputers simulate what happens inside nuke blas .
 the great valentino <sec> italian legend is closing in on a ninth world title in 2009 and sixth motogp crown .  `` the doctor '' is the greatest ever rider in motogp with 102 victories to date .  famed for his post-race antics , rossi visited a portable loo on a victory lap this yea .
 uk election candidate injured in plane crash <sec> police : crash happened at an airfield in southern northamptonshire .  farage is currently a member of the european parliamen .
 ice-cool raikkonen tops the charts in steamy malaysia <sec> kimi raikkonen sets fastest lap in practice ahead of malaysian grand prix .  the lotus driver won last weekend 's season-opening race in australia .  triple world champion sebastian vettel second fastest behind raikkonen .  ferrari 's fernando alonso fourth fastest , with lewis hamilton nint .
 manchester united calls time on david moyes ' reign as manager <sec> david moyes is dismissed after less than a year in charge of english league titleholder .  the scot was personally endorsed by outgoing manager alex ferguson .  moyes ' united slipped to 11th league defeat against his former club everton on sunday .  united will not feature in european champions league for first time since 199 .
 governor to review virginia tech shooting report <sec> gov . .  tim kaine asks victims ' families to suggest corrections to report .  families had asked him to reconvene virginia tech review panel .  they say report on 2007 shootings contains `` grave errors '' .  gunman killed 32 people on virginia campu .
 bombings kill dozens of sunnis in iraq <sec> new : 12 died in a roadside bombing in baghdad 's amirya neighborhood , police say .  at least 40 people died in baquba , and eight died in al-madaan .  in western baghdad , a bomb exploded at a legislator 's house , injuring two bodyguards .  u.n. official warns of a `` slide backwards into a dangerous unknown .
 cdc : smallpox found in nih storage room is alive <sec> at least two smallpox vials found at the nih contain viable samples of the virus .  nih employees found six forgotten vials in an unused storage room .  cdc still testing four vials ; nih is making sure there is no other missing inventor .
 soldier pleads guilty in afghan killing case <sec> new : soldier 's possible life without parole sentence cut to 24 years in plea deal .  `` the plan was to kill people , '' army spc . .  jeremy morlock tells court . .  `` i lost my moral compass . '' .  morlock pleads guilty to murder and drug charges .  4 other u.s. soldiers are also charged with killing afghan civilian .
 obama joins wwii vets for d-day tributes <sec> dignitaries , world war ii veterans pay tribute to d-day fallen .  president obama , france 's sarkozy , uk 's brown among those attending .  150,000 allied troops took part in operation on june 6 , 194 .
 canadian passenger mentally ill , says father <sec> canadian airline passenger ali shahi out on bond .  shahi 's father thought it was ali when he heard the news of a bomb threat .  cell phone video captured swat team storming plane to arrest him .  he is charged with endangering the safety of an aircraft afte .
 sheikha lubna al qasimi interview <sec> sheikha lubna was first female minister in the united arab emirates .  openness to foreign ownership is the `` natural path '' , she says .  if countries `` lock up '' interest due to protectionism there are other places to g .
 ew 's entertainer of the year is ... <sec> sandra bullock has had a great 2013 .  she starred in both `` the heat '' and `` gravity '' .  ew has 15 more entertainers of the yea .
 indian police in mass gunbattle with maoist insurgents <sec> fight is in the same area were dozens of police were killed in april .  india 's prime minister has said the country has not reached its goal in fight against militants .  casualty figures were not available for gun battl .
 group : number of jailed journalists worldwide reaches record high <sec> a total of 232 reporters , photographers and editors are behind bars , a group says .  turkey is the biggest jailer of journalists , with 49 detained .  the next worst offenders are iran , china , eritrea and syria .  myanmar is not on the list of countries jailing journalists for the first time since 199 .
 'do-nothing ' congress ? more like 'wasted-time ' <sec> congress spent more time in office this year but got less done .  some republicans argue that it 's number of bad bills stopped that shows effectiveness .  `` it 's been getting worse and worse every year , '' veteran democrat says .  long-time republican says , `` i think we 've been working less .
 opinion : when american dream is denied over color of skin <sec> katherine culliton-gonzález : boehner says house wo n't take up immigration reform .  she says this is shameful ; a generation of immigrants live in shadows .  promise of equal rights also hurt by voter id laws that tend to target people of color , she says .  writer : for a just democracy , we must dismantle racial barriers to citizenship and voting right .
 store video captured chicago police brutality , hate crime , suit says <sec> tanning salon owner says chicago police brutalized her .  she says they used racial slurs , threatened her .  store security video captured the july 31 , 2013 , police raid .  police have said a salon employee offered sex act to undercover office .
 we drive : bmw m6 <sec> 500 bhp v10-engined variant of the bmw 6-series .  seats four adults in comfort , while providing sports car thrills .  surprisingly practical , but offers disappointing fuel economy and rang .
 report : phone of 'babykins ' kate middleton hacked , court told <sec> prosecutor reads transcripts of messages between prince william , kate middleton .  evidence is revealed in phone-hacking trial of former news of the world editors .  several hundred attempts made to hack phones of uk princes ' aides , court told earlie .
 commentary : huge risks in iran sanctions <sec> hamid dabashi : congressional hearing raised prospect of sanctions vs. iran .  he says iran 's civil rights movement is at a fragile moment .  he says harsh measures could give regime excuse for further crackdow .
 hillary clinton sharpens message in kentucky <sec> hillary clinton argued that republicans are trying to divide voters at a kentucky event .  she 's supporting alison lundergan grimes , a democrat challenging mitch mcconnell .  clinton 's message , as it has been at other events , was heavily focused on women .  `` let 's put another crack in the glass ceiling , '' clinton urged voter .
 actress zsa zsa gabor rushed to hospital again <sec> gabor has suffered major health problems in the last year .  her daughter does not provide details about the hospitalizatio .
 death toll jumps in landslide in southwest china <sec> authorities report 18 dead , 107 missing after rain-induced landslide in sichuan province .  more than 400 residents stranded in dujiangyan have been evacuated .  flooding has deluged 81,000 acres of crops , caused more than $ 40 million in losse .
 australian open : serena williams , novak djokovic keep their cool <sec> serena williams and novak djokovic seal commanding wins at australian open .  world no . .  1 williams and second seed djokovic both register straight-sets wins .  a record-equaling nine players have withdrawn or retired from their first round matches .  temperatures in melbourne have lingered above 40 degrees celsiu .
 alleged rape , killing of gay rights campaigner sparks call for action <sec> she is attacked after dropping off her girlfriend in a township near johannesburg .  she is raped , stabbed with broken glass several times and hit with rocks , group says .  south africa sets up a task force to address hate crime .
 army head who could be next chairman talks to grieving military kids <sec> gen. martin dempsey could be the next chairman of the joint chiefs of staff .  he meets with a group of children , all of whom have lost family members in war-time military service .  dempsey sings songs and answers question .
 south korea pushes for dmz eco park <sec> south korea hopes to gain international support for a plan to turn the korean demilitarized zone into an ecology park .  natural species have thrived for the last six decades since the area was declared a demilitarized zon .
 why it 's prime time for apple tv <sec> internet-connected tv is idea that 's finally ripe for consumer adoption .  in past , steve jobs has denied that apple was planning to enter the cell phone or tablet markets .  his deflections are smart tactic that allows company to fool competitor .
 from coup-maker to hit-maker : thai general pens 'happiness ' ballad <sec> gen. prayuth chan-ocha has penned the lyrics to a patriotic song .  vowing to return happiness to thais , it has racked up hundreds of thousands of youtube views .  the junta has engaged in an intense pr campaign on the theme of happiness to win over thais .  but critics say it can not succeed when the regime is relentlessly crushing dissen .
 ohio to delay 7 executions <sec> ohio is changing the drugs used for lethal injections .  ohio will delay seven executions and wo n't execute anybody in 201 .
 commentary : obama , dems wrong to kill school vouchers <sec> roland martin : omnibus spending bill essentially kills washington school vouchers .  he says democrats oppose the bill because they think it weakens public schools .  martin : vouchers let parents do what obama does -- send kids to private school .  he says president is being hypocritical by not letting the program continu .
 injury forces langer out of masters <sec> bernhard langer will miss the 2011 masters tournament for first time in 28 years .  two-time masters champion sidelined for eight weeks after thumb surgery .  german crowned masters champion in 1985 and 199 .
 bitcoin atms coming to the u.s . <sec> robocoin , based in las vegas , will install two atms for bitcoin .  the machines will be in austin , texas , and seattle .  the atms will let users swap bitcoins for cash with valid id .  a bitcoin currently is worth about $ 63 .
 flirting and freak outs of reporting mandela <sec> curnow first met mandela in 1990 and has encountered him several times .  meetings usually ended less than graciously for curnow .  last encounter saw mandela trying placate curnow 's upset daughte .
 broken limbs , torn lives in northern mali <sec> `` for the islamists , a human being is like an ant you squash , '' gao resident says .  residents : once vibrant northern mali is now a shadow of itself .  `` home is not sweet anymore , '' timbuktu native says .  an offensive led by french troops is aimed at flushing out the militant .
 tainted milk product scare causes outrage in china <sec> the chinese dairy company 'sincerely ' apologizes to customers for the problems .  the products , containing high levels of a potentially carcinogenic substance , have been destroyed .  the company says the products did not go on sale and remained in storage .  chinese microblog users urge others to boycott the company 's product .
 these races will determine control of the senate <sec> republicans must pick up six seats to win control of the senate .  six democratic races and two republican races are key to the balance of powe .
