 spring break only for college students ? think again <sec> families have discovered it 's often easier and cheaper to vacation in the spring .  parents and kids can race down ski slopes in vermont or california .  use the opportunity to try something new like scuba diving or a museu .
 opinion : cantor loses . who said the tea party was dead ? <sec> eric liu : gop establishment seemed to be reasserting itself , then eric cantor loses .  liu says tea party wins even when it loses , forcing gop candidates further to the right .  liu : tea party uses every strategy to give a minority of the minority party outsize clout .  nobody better at democracy , and other groups can learn from tea party , he say .
 it 's wrong to bar altar girls <sec> organized religion has long tried to keep women in their place , says roland martin .  some catholic churches are now refusing to let girls serve as altar servants , he says .  yet were it not for women , there might never have been christianity , martin says .  martin : when churches erect barriers to serving , they 're seen as unwelcomin .
 why four-day workweeks are best <sec> peggy drexler : employers find a four-day workweek increases productivity and job satisfaction .  she says 86 % of american men , 67 % of women work more than 40 hours a week .  drexler : it helps retain all talented workers , not just the women who want to be with kids .  to make it work , employers should put the whole staff on the four-day week , she say .
 kerry announces more aid to syria <sec> the u.s. secretary of state met with jordan 's foreign minister in rome .  he said there will be $ 100 million more in humanitarian assistance for war refugees .  jordan , which is being inundated by a wave of syrian refugees , will receive nearly $ 43 million .  jordan 's foreign minister says the 525,000 refugees make up 10 % of jordan 's populatio .
 u.n. nuclear inspectors returning to tehran <sec> new : international atomic energy agency monitors will return in late february .  both sides called the meetings a positive step .  western powers believe iran is developing nuclear weapons , a charge tehran denies .  the watchdog agency wants to keep pushing on talks , its director say .
 drug gangs rule favelas away from world cup crackdown <sec> drug gangs still reign in rio shantytowns that have n't seen pre-world cup crackdowns .  'pacification ' is credited with reducing crime but accused of using heavy-handed tactics .  residents carry on their lives with drug deals on corners and teens carrying guns .  one former trafficker says : `` my community lives in a constant war zone .
 bush meets putin over georgia fighting <sec> international organizations call for end to fighting in breakaway georgia region .  fighting in south ossetia escalated friday ; russian tanks moved to the region .  president bush : the united states supports georgia 's territorial integrity .  georgia , formerly part of the soviet union , now has ambitions of joining nat .
 fda panel urges looser restrictions on diabetes drug avandia <sec> restrictions on avandia use were put in place in 2010 .  some studies showed an increased risk of heart problems , stroke .  about 3,000 people in the united states are registered to take avandi .
 obama delivers his first state of the union address <sec> obama gives his first state of the union address .  read the transcript of the speech .  virginia gov . .  bob mcdonnell gives gop respons .
 pinkberry co-founder guilty of beating homeless man with tire iron <sec> a jury finds pinkberry co-founder young lee guilty of assault with a deadly weapon .  lee , 49 , faces up to seven years in prison .  lee beat a transient with a tire iron after he thought the man disrespected him .  lee has n't had any involvement with pinkberry since may 2010 , firm say .
 authorities deny reports that mexican police chief has fled <sec> marisol valles garcia is police chief in a violent mexican municipality .  a newspaper and a news service say she has fled to the u.s. , seeking asylum .  mexican authorities deny the reports and say she is on personal leave .  valles garcia was just 20 years old when she accepted the police chief 's positio .
 5 law officers among 70 charged in arkansas drug trafficking bust <sec> operation delta blues is a federal crackdown on drug trafficking and public corruption .  the two-year investigation involved 16 court-authorized wiretaps .  the inquiry focused on helena-west helena and marianna , arkansas .  `` we believe there are more cases of corruption , '' an fbi agent say .
 runaway christian convert granted u.s. residency <sec> rifqa bary has said that her muslim father threatened to kill her after her conversion .  her father denies the allegations ; agency cleared her parents of criminal wrongdoing .  bary 's lawyer says she has not had any recent contact with her famil .
 can peace come to ferguson ? <sec> granderson : at michael brown funeral , people spoke of peace , but that 's more than no protests .  he says black community 's underrepresentation , targeting by police are longstanding .  peace ca n't come until that 's solved , he says , and voting is the way to do it .  4,500 people attended funeral ; turn that energy into political power , he urge .
 suspect in hudson family killings ordered to move from prison to jail <sec> william balfour has been at illinois ' stateville correctional center since december .  judge orders balfour moved to county jail to make attorney visits easier .  suspect charged in killings of jennifer hudson 's mother , brother and nephew .  hudson is set to sing national anthem at the super bow .
 photos show scale of north korea 's repressive prison camps -- amnesty <sec> amnesty : new images show new activity , including the construction of new housing blocks .  the group says up to 200,000 prisoners held in infamous camp system , facing torture , rape .  new images show one camp to be three times the size of washington dc -- amnesty .  recent united nations inquiry highlighted `` unspeakable '' and `` widespread '' atrocities in camp .
 greening the internet : how much co2 does this article produce ? <sec> every second spent web-browsing generates 20 milligrams of co2 .  estimates that the internet will produce 20 percent of the world 's ghgs in 10 years .  data centers often labeled worst offenders ; many taking steps to reduce emissions .  'ultimately it is an efficiency tool , better to move electrons than atoms , ' say googl .
 olympic park sets gold standard for sustainability <sec> london 2012 organizers have placed sustainability at the heart of their planning for the summer olympics .  head of sustainability for the games , david stubbs says there 's been `` a huge emphasis on reuse and recycling '' .  sustainable buildings and hundreds of thousands of new plants have transformed a polluted area of east londo .
 one more reason some people hate the irs <sec> lois lerner sparked scandal by revealing the irs targeted social welfare organizations .  author : irs allows some of these groups to spend hundreds of millions on political ads .  the irs has ignored this problem for more than 50 years , says author melanie sloan . .  sloan : until congress does more than express its disdain for the irs , nothing will chang .
 iran 's 'blogfather ' sentenced to almost 20 years in prison <sec> hossein derakhshan is 35-year-old canadian-iranian blogger .  derakhshan convicted of anti-islamic actions , cooperating with enemy states .  derakhshan gained notoriety after being first iranian to blog from israe .
 feds : that 's no dwarf , that 's a criminal <sec> nj man who claimed to be a dwarf busted for allegedly selling growth hormone .  federal prosecutors say eric c. opitz was no dwarf -- he 's 6 foot 3 inches and 450 pounds .  he allegedly bilked medicare out of more than $ 535,000 .  he sold the growth hormone through a craigslist ad , prosecutors sa .
 nude photo hack is n't jennifer lawrence fault ( opinion ) <sec> an anonymous poster put hundreds of nude photos of big celebs on message board .  peggy drexler : this is not just a violation of privacy ; it 's criminal invasion but hard to prosecute .  she says the debate should be over making this illegal , not over taking nude photos .  drexler : the problem is n't the wisdom of photos or hacking icloud ; it 's the perpetrato .
 mobile app lets you 'tweet-a-beer ' <sec> mobile app `` tweet-a-beer '' is rolling out this week at south by southwest .  the app combines your twitter and paypal accounts to let you buy a beer for someone .  chirpify , a twitter payment app , takes a 10-cent fee to cover the transactio .
 conrad murray 's jail time for killing michael jackson ends monday <sec> dr. murray 's 4-year sentence translated to 2 years in jail under prison rules .  a jury concluded murray 's negligence led to jackson 's death .  the cardiologist ca n't treat patients since his medical licenses are suspended .  murray remains unremorseful about his treatment of michael jackso .
 zakaria : elections could mark india 's debut as great power <sec> zakaria : election shows india 's unique strength , people power .  420 million voters make this biggest democracy exercise ever , he says .  zakaria : for the first time in three decades , one party has a clear mandat .
 world rich list shows emerging asian century <sec> asia set to have the world 's wealthiest residents , with city-state singapore heading the rich list .  knight frank-citi report predicts the top four wealthiest regions will be in asia by 2050 .  japan and several european economies are predicted to grow the least in the next 40 years .  report : seven of the world 's top 10 fastest growing economies will be in asi .
 animation confronts gaza breast cancer taboo <sec> young palestinian 's death from breast cancer inspires first commercial animation .  `` fatenah '' is based on life of gaza seamstress who died of the disease aged 28 .  it took doctors six months to diagnose cancer ; they told her to loosen her bra .  filmmakers hope it will help break down barriers around subject taboo in the regio .
 timeline : philip seymour hoffman 's final hours <sec> hoffman withdrew $ 1,200 from a supermarket atm , law enforcement officials say .  the actor was seen at a number of his regular haunts the day before his death .  some people say he seemed normal ; others say he appeared to be high or `` out of it '' .  he was found dead sunday morning with a syringe in his arm , sources sa .
 latest 'al qaeda message ' focuses on somalia <sec> the 25-minute audio recording is titled `` from kabul to mogadishu '' .  voice claiming to be ayman al-zawahiri praises al-shabaab fighters in somalia .  third message from al-zawahiri espousing views of al qaeda network in 2009 .  al qaeda considered relocating base to somalia or yemen , ex-u.s. official say .
 opinion : is man inherently good or evil ? <sec> will cain : the boston marathon bombings make us wonder about the nature of man .  he says such events , or rather those responsible , do n't define u .
 benghazi explosion damages police station <sec> explosion outside police station damages the building , reports state news agency .  several attacks have been in benghazi on security forces .  benghazi is the birthplace of libya 's 2011 revolutio .
 i-reporters around the world remember benazir bhutto <sec> former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto is assassinated .  i-reporters from around the world offer condolences , memories .  `` we pakistanis are proud to acknowledge her , '' says one i-reporter .  i-report : share your memories , condolences , photos of benazir bhutt .
 source : al qaeda tries , fails to kidnap 2 u.s. embassy staff in yemen <sec> one u.s. journalist is expelled from yemen , and another is denied entry .  two al qaeda suspects tried to abduct the u.s. embassy workers .  the embassy personnel were at a barbershop .  one of the americans had a gun and killed both assailant .
 panthers ' hardy , appealing domestic violence conviction , takes voluntary leave <sec> greg hardy says he needs to focus on legal defense .  hardy was convicted by a judge in july of misdemeanor charges in a domestic violence case .  the panthers ' defensive star will take leave as he prepares for a jury trial .  authorities allege hardy assaulted , threatened to kill his then-girlfrien .
 greece seeking aid package worth $ 160b <sec> imf , eu are seeking further austerity measures , greek spokesman says .  greece 's credit rating has been slashed twice in the past two weeks .  greece is negotiating for aid package worth 120 billion euros ( $ 160 billion ) .  germany expected to contribute the lion 's share of eu fundin .
 pistorious upset in bid for 200 gold at paralympics <sec> new : alan fonteles cardoso oliveira wins men 's 200-meter race .  aussie swimmer jacqueline freney wins third gold medal .  team usa athlete rudy garcia-tolson makes transition from track to pool , wins silver .  china continues to hold huge lead in medals with team gb secon .
 contrite pietersen agrees england return <sec> kevin pietersen agrees return to the england cricket team .  the south african-born batsman frozen out after sending provocative text messages .  pietersen has signed a new central contract and will begin a `` re-integration '' process .  the batsman could return to the team in time for february 's tour of new zealan .
 new airstrikes shake libyan capital <sec> new : nato jets hit tripoli late monday and early tuesday .  new : a u.n. official warns of food , fuel shortages in libya .  gadhafi and his regime `` have no future , '' the nato secretary-general says .  misrata civilians and rebels say gadhafi forces are indiscriminately shelling the cit .
 opry owner , wisconsin company sue over nashville floods <sec> monday 's lawsuit criticizes corps of engineers and the national weather service .  opry and water-heater maker say those agencies created a `` man-made disaster '' .  the may 2010 flood killed 11 people in nashville and caused $ 2 billion in losse .
 u.s. punishes uganda for harsh anti-gay laws <sec> u.s. pulls funding from uganda 's government .  move is in response to uganda 's anti-gay law .  washington also cancels a planned military exercise .  uganda 's president signed measure earlier this yea .
 5 dead in illinois van crash <sec> church van was headed east on i-70 when it went off the roadway .  it flipped multiple times and several men were thrown from the vehicle .  five people were killed , the other six were injure .
 washington landslide death toll rises to 36 <sec> 32 of the 36 bodies have been identified , snohomish county officials say .  10 people are still missing .  president barack obama will visit the area on april 22 , the one-month anniversar .
 'divergent ' brings 'hunger games'-like frenzy to stars , audiences <sec> `` divergent '' has expectations of being new `` hunger games '' .  film , like book , features strong teen heroine , postapocalyptic society .  stars shailene woodley and theo james somewhat prepared for what 's coming .  film opens frida .
 obama 's misguided corporate tax giveaways ( opinion ) <sec> robert mcintyre : obama 's progressive plans to create a fairer income tax wo n't get through gop-led congress .  but the president 's proposals for corporate tax reform may fly , maybe because they go easy on corporation .
 opinion : was there a strategy behind the anthony weiner trainwreck ? <sec> s.e . .  cupp : some speculated that winning was n't anthony weiner 's goal .  he could have wanted to help his wife 's career or raise his visibility for future roles , she says .  cupp : whatever the goal , weiner 's campaign was an embarrassment .  he said he wanted a campaign of ideas ; we got a campaign of idiotic outburst .
 former military chief arrested in alleged plot against turkish government <sec> gen. ilker basbug is the highest-ranking officer to be accused .  the islamic-backed government alleges a military plot .  critics say the government wants to emasculate the militar .
 on anniversary of revolution , unrest in egypt leaves 7 dead , hundreds injured <sec> new : armored vehicles patrol suez after fears the crisis was out of control , state news says .  new : 6 die in suez , 1 in ismailia ; 456 civilians , police and security forces are injured .  clashes erupt nationwide , including in cairo , near the hub of the 2011 revolution .  morsy says he supports peaceful protests , but those behind violence will be punishe .
 homeless transgendered woman murdered in rome honored by jesuits <sec> homeless transgendered woman murdered at rome 's main rail station in july .  andrea quintero left colombia with hopes of better treatment but was beaten to death in rome .  charity workers , government officials and city 's mayor paid tribute at jesuit church .  priest stunned funeral by referring to quintero as 'she .
 focus on islamist militants as french family seized in cameroon <sec> seven french family members abducted in cameroon .  westerners are targets for militants , criminal groups .  militants groups boko haram , ansaru emerged in northern nigeri .
 sen. larry craig 's statement <sec> idaho senator apologizes to state , family , friends .  senator says he did no wrong , but pleaded guilty without seeking counsel .  senator says he has retained a lawyer to examine the matte .
 kids draw on imagination in bid to clean up lead-tainted dirt <sec> lead in new orleans ' dirt is at dangerously high levels .  schoolchildren , artist team up to create `` fundred dollar bills '' .  goal is to have $ 300 million in fake currency to present to congress .  project to make lead in dirt harmless would cost $ 300 millio .
 soviet soldier missing since 1980 found in afghanistan <sec> former soviet army soldier who went missing in 1980 found in afghanistan .  bakhredtin khakimov , now sheikh abdullah , disappeared during the soviet invasion .  he suffered a head injury in the conflict and was nursed back to health by a healer .  russian team searching for soldiers missing in action tracked him down 33 years late .
 police try to monitor sex offenders at halloween <sec> police in georgia take it upon themselves to check sex offenders ' addresses .  sex offenders in parts of arkansas , texas , iillinois must attend meetings halloween night .  keeping tabs on sex offenders provides community with sense of comfort , police say .  measures can create false sense of security , president of child safety group say .
 jet fuel turned green ? <sec> klm recently flew from amsterdam to aruba using sustainable jet fuel .  the 10-hour flight was the longest to ever use biofuel .  klm is founding partner of skynrg , a supplier of sustainable jet fue .
 prominent bangladeshi-american blogger killed <sec> victim 's father says extremists backed by bangladesh 's main islamist party killed his son .  police : avijit roy died after being attacked on a street in dhaka , banglades .
 good politics outside the beltway ? ( opinion ) <sec> americans like to complain about the political gridlock in congress where nothing much gets done .  christopher karpowitz and chad raphael : public forums can be used to successfully tackle big issue .
 spirit 's $ 69 fare sale ends tonight <sec> spirit airlines is offering suggestive $ 69 fares .  the airline announced them with a pitch that may remind us of high school jokes .  the cheeky airline is known for charging for almost all extra .
 key al qaeda operative killed in u.s. strike , somalia says <sec> new : analyst calls operative `` one of the leading al qaeda figures in east africa '' .  al qaeda operative saleh ali saleh nabhan killed , somali official says .  u.s. special operations forces fired on car from chopper in somalia , u.s. officials say .  officials : man tied to 1998 bombings of u.s. embassies in kenya and tanzani .
 justice department to expand ban on profiling <sec> new policy wo n't affect law enforcement agencies that fall under homeland security .  rules are product of nearly five years of internal debate .  some fbi agents says they worry new rules will make it more difficult to do their job .
 gadhafi : enigma in life and death <sec> moammar gadhafi was in a convoy heading out of sirte that was hit by nato .  gadhafi survived and hid in a drainage pipe .  he was alive when he was captured , say anti-gadhafi fighters .  a human rights investigator says his brutal end is a blemish on libya 's first day of freedo .
 cnn heroes : sharing the spotlight <sec> how have celebrities been inspired by cnn heroes ? .  we asked stars to share with us the causes they 're most passionate about .  many of this year 's celebrities have been involved with cnn heroes for several year .
 greenhouse gases pose health hazard , epa says <sec> epa official says `` concentrations of these gases are at unprecedented levels '' .  environmentalists say announcement is important step in reduction efforts .  critic : finding may help destroy jobs , raise energy prices , cut u.s. competitiveness .  the house is will begin discussing the american clean energy and security ac .
 dermatologist : michael jackson 'totally addicted ' to propofol <sec> dermatologist says he intervened 3 times to prevent jackson 's getting propofol .  he did not testify in the trial of jackson 's physician , dr. conrad murray .  murray is charged with involuntary manslaughter in jackson 's death .  jurors will resume deliberations at murray 's trial monday mornin .
