 alleged maersk pirate en route to new york <sec> alleged pirate known in official documents as `` pirate defendant '' .  alleged pirate brought to djibouti aboard the usns walter s. diehl , a refueling ship .  handed over to federal authorities by the u.s. military in djibouti , officials said .  diehl was with the warship uss bainbridge at the scene of a failed hijackin .
 tiger woods : `` do n't rule me out of the masters yet '' <sec> tiger woods is unsure whether his back injury will prevent him from playing in the masters .  the world no . .  1 has played the augusta event every year since making his debut there in 1995 .  the 2014 masters will take place between april 10-1 .
 king : obama team to hash out afghanistan strategy <sec> obama to meet with national security team wednesday , friday on afghanistan .  military officers have varying assessments on whether more u.s. troops needed .  president will make a new health care push monday from the white house .  the first new supreme court term of the obama presidency kicks of .
 the shifting soft power of the arab world <sec> arab soft power has shifted to gulf nation states , writes sultan sooud al qassemi .  the world bank lists the arab gulf states as among the most generous aid donors , he says .  they are also home to the arab world 's most influential news stations , writes al qassemi .  gulf tourism is thriving , he says , and the gulf states ' influence is growin .
 5 bizarre moments at the world cup final <sec> lukas podolski gets camera happy .  lebron james makes news -- and it 's not about basketball .  rodrigo palacio 's `` rat tail '' makes waves worldwid .
 a message from the composer <sec> british composer roxanna panufnik tells cnn about her latest world premiere .  `` three paths to peace '' was first performed by the world orchestra for peace .  the piece was commissioned for a special concert in jerusalem , october 19 .  panufnik took inspiration from the music of christianity , judaism and isla .
 india in second biggest run chase in one-day cricket history <sec> india beat australia in one-day international .  chase 360 to win - second highest in history .  virat kohli hits century in just 52 balls -- an indian record .  level series with aussies at 1- .
 diet strategies show promise in lowering diabetes risk <sec> researchers aimed to make the diabetes prevention program strategy more realistic .  in the study , a group led by a fitness coach lost an average of 14 pounds .  alternative strategies could be an important tool in the fight against diabete .
 why emergency rooms do n't close the health care gap <sec> aaron carroll : opponents of health reform say emergency rooms give health care to all .  not true , he says . .  ers ca n't refuse emergency care but not required to give other care .  he says other misconception is treatment costs easily written off ; in fact , billers will pursue .  carroll : yes , hospitals need money ; important to realize er care no substitute for reform .
 mississippi 's fattest alligator tale <sec> each time they approached , the alligator submerged , dustin bockman says .  `` the gun barrel peeled back like a banana peel '' .  the snare was n't big enough to cover the animal 's head .  `` there 's bigger alligators out there , '' bockman say .
 kubica formula one comeback delayed <sec> robert kubica 's formula one return with renault has been delayed .  renault had been hoping the polish driver would be fit for the start of the 2012 season .  but kubica has not fully recovered from serious arm injuries sustained in a rally cras .
 debate over dream act heats up as immigration-related bill awaits vote <sec> the act would make immigrants eligible for citizenship if they go to college or join the military .  texas republican says the bill could grant amnesty to 2 million .  `` the bill is also a magnet for fraud , '' he say .
 to russia , for love : adoptive parents on edge as suspension threatened <sec> about 3,000 american families are in the process of adopting from russia .  actions of tennessee mom , who returned adopted son to russia , has them worried .  moscow officials threaten to suspend adoptions ; hopeful parents move forward .  advocate : `` 100,000 people adopt every year . .  i do n't know of another case like this .
 report : most of $ 1.2 billion to train iraqi police unaccounted for <sec> private contractor gets $ 1.2 billion from state department to train iraqi police .  an audit says state can not account for where the money went .  a 20-page report says the accuracy of invoices had not been validated .  the report is one of 10 ordered by congress on iraq reconstruction project .
 cnn fact check : santorum misleads on 'dependence ' <sec> rick santorum : half of america is getting government assistance .  census bureau : 49 % of americans get some support .  census number includes social security and medicar .
 who is mohammed hamzah khan ? <sec> people who know mohammed hamzah khan describe him as nice and polite .  `` he 's the last person that we 'd think that would happen to , '' says a member of his mosque .  khan lives in bolingbrook , a working-class suburb of chicago , with his family .  he graduated from an islamic school on his street and taught at a local mosque , neighbors sa .
 giving it back : golf 's 'pink panther ' invests in future stars <sec> u.s. golf star paula creamer aims to help new generations of players to develop .  she invests time and money in working with young children in u.s. and mexico .  the 25-year-old says it is a humbling experience to work with kids .  creamer has donated scholarships at the academy where she learned the gam .
 day of the dead trademark request draws backlash for disney <sec> disney filed a trademark application to secure the phrase `` día de los muertos '' .  entertainment giant 's pixar division has day of the dead movie coming this fall .  but after receiving backlash on social media , disney withdrew application .  `` how could disney allow such a blunder , '' wonders editorial cartoonist lalo alcara .
 nearly 4,000 laser attacks annoyed , injured u.s. pilots last year <sec> faa : laser strikes on aircraft occur an average of 11 times a day .  locating pranksters with lasers can be hard , but it 's doable .  the fbi and 11 u.s. cities are offering reward money for tips leading to arrests .  there were 3,960 strikes last year , up from just 283 in 200 .
 sex offender arrested in slaying of police chief 's daughter <sec> new : police have recovered the vehicle the suspect was thought to be driving .  the suspect was arrested in niagara falls , new york .  the body of 23-year-old valerie hamilton was found saturday .  her father , a police chief , issued a tearful plea monda .
 orioles game on wednesday will have no fans <sec> white sox hall of famer tweets the closed-door game also should be postponed .  baltimore unrest leads to postponement of two baseball games .  third game in series will be first ever played without spectator .
 mexico must find the 43 ayotzinapa students ( opinion ) <sec> six months ago , 43 students from ayotzinapa college in mexico disappeared .  erika guevara rosas : it is outrageous that mexican authorities have not found the .
 survey estimates 1 percent of adults have active epilepsy <sec> one in six adults with epilepsy who had recent seizures were not on medication .  epilepsy is a condition in which the normal activity of the brain malfunctions .  study says about 200,000 people in the u.s. are diagnosed with the diseas .
 cleveland clinic : top 10 medical innovations for 2015 <sec> the cleveland clinic has published its top 10 medical innovations list since 2007 .  110 cleveland clinic physicians and scientists submitted ideas for 2015 .  three innovations are cancer treatments .  other innovations will help stroke and heart patients , and those at risk for dengue feve .
 states seize cash , property from motorists <sec> local authorities have seized property from motorists not charged with anything .  two poker players sued after they had $ 100,000 in winnings seized .  department of justice recently said it was backing away from civil asset forfeiture action .
 syria caused internet blackout , security firm says <sec> security ceo : syrian government almost certainly shut down the web .  analysts say essentially all internet connections to syria have been killed .  syrian rebels have used web to share images of conflict with assad regime .  google letting syrians tweet by using voice-only phone call .
 bruno mars accepts deal to avoid prosecution on drug charge <sec> the charge will be dropped if he stays out of trouble for a year , his lawyer says .  mars must complete community service , pay a fine and get counseling .  the singer was arrested in a las vegas casino last september .  mars won a grammy sunday and announced a new tour wednesda .
 deadly plane crash at tokyo airport <sec> fedex cargo plane crashes and bursts into flames at tokyo 's narita airport in japan .  pilot and co-pilot , both americans , aboard plane from guangzhou , china , are killed .  strong winds may have played a role in the crash , says airport official .  video shows plane bouncing on the runway and veering left as it turns on its sid .
 arizona mom does n't belong in mexican jail , daughter says <sec> new : daughter : `` she 's an honest woman . .  she 's innocent . .  ... .  it 's not fair '' .  the hearing to decide whether an arizona mother will be freed continues wednesday .  she was on her way back from a family funeral when mexican authorities arrested her .  the mexican military say they found drugs under her seat on the bus she was riding i .
 a runner 's view of the world 's most closed society <sec> amateur foreign runners invited to 27th annual mangyongdae prize marathon for the first time .  athletes from 27 countries took part , officials say .  race a bizarre experience which covered a wide swathe of pyongyan .
 'klouchebag ' site keeps shameless self-promotion in check <sec> cnn 's kristie lu stout says there 's no shortage of douchebaggery on twitter .  klouchebag calculates twitter users ' douche score to see how they rank .  recent survey finds only one third of a twitter feed is actually valued by user .
 passengers thrown about plane 'as if they were dolls ' <sec> airliner dropped sharply at least twice , sending people and objects flying .  several people 's heads hit ceiling , breaking plastic and glass .  `` i thought i was going to die , '' houston man tells tv statio .
 forget twitter , in china it 's the weibo olympics <sec> unprecedented olympic chatter in china over micro-blogging sites .  around 250 million people are exchanging views like never before .  most popular site sina weibo only started after 2008 beijing olympics .  some are commenting on china 's `` gold-at-all-costs '' sports syste .
 384 prisoners escape after taliban raid on pakistan prison <sec> new : four prison officials are wounded in the two-hour attack , a police official says .  new : 21 of the 384 escapees were high-profile militants , an information minister says .  attackers apparently aimed to free a senior taliban commander , the information minister says .  the pakistani taliban claims responsibility and vows to continue attacks to release imprisoned militant .
 what history says about ted cruz 's chances <sec> julian zelizer : if ted cruz follows barry goldwater 's path , he and his party could lose big .  contrary to conventional wisdom , gop primary voters are more interested in victory than ideology , he say .
 stosur stuns serena with straight sets final victory <sec> samantha stosur is the new u.s. open champion after beating serena williams .  the australian proves too strong for favorite williams , winning 6-2 6-3 in 73 minutes .  williams loses her cool after being penalized for `` intentional hindrance '' .  it is stosur 's first grand slam success in her second major tournament fina .
 floodwaters surge as tropical storm irene lashes northeast <sec> new : authorities say at least 15 have died in six states due to the storm .  tropical storm irene is heading northeast toward new england with 60 mph winds .  `` do not leave your homes ... .  it is still not safe , '' new jersey 's governor says .  chertoff : flooding in new york city threatens electrical infrastructur .
 what 's life like for the men and women on the casey anthony jury ? <sec> jurors have an opportunity to meet with their families on sunday afternoons .  jurors also have limited access to the internet and television .  the jury is costing the state an estimated $ 361,00 .
 'team aniston , ' 'team jolie ' or 'team over it ' ? <sec> many have referenced brangelina in wake of aniston-theroux engagement .  cnn commenters have taken sides , perpetuating a fictitious ( we imagine ) rivalry .  some commenters ' well wishes for aniston were masked by unkind words for joli .
 how you travel to north korea <sec> the u.s. state department advises against travel to north korea .  british officials warn that insulting the country 's rulers could get you in trouble .  do n't take pictures of korean officials or guarded building .
 report : nuclear inspectors visit newly revealed iran plant <sec> the iaea announced saturday its inspectors were leaving for the inspection .  iran said friday it needs more time to decide whether to sign onto a nuclear deal .  iran says its nuclear program is intended solely for peaceful purposes .  many in the west believe iran is pursuing nuclear weapons capabilitie .
 iraqi forces move into sadr city ; violence elsewhere <sec> attack on awakening council official leaves 7-year-old dead .  al qaeda in iraq leader is killed , u.s. military says .  minibuses attacked in baghdad , nineveh province .  trial of saddam hussein-era officials resume .
 police search jackson doctor 's home , office <sec> new : doctor was `` present during the search of his home , '' attorney says .  investigators search dr. conrad murray 's las vegas home , office .  murray allegedly gave jackson propofol in the 24 hours before death , source says .  source close to family says doctor administered drug believed to have killed singe .
 key people in wikileaks saga are divided on assange extradition <sec> court rules that julian assange be extradited to sweden .  ex-hacker glad for court ruling wednesday , blasts assange 's big ego .  daniel ellsberg , pentagon papers leaker , praises assange as a `` hero '' .  first amendment group : extradition ruling could hurt journalist .
 house censures rangel <sec> rangel calls the censure vote `` very political '' .  the house censured rep. charlie rangel , d-new york .  the house also recommends that rangel pay restitution for unpaid taxes .  rangel was found guilty by the ethics committee on 11 counts of violating house rule .
 for many in famu band , pain a part of admission process <sec> attorney for one suspect said `` inconsistencies '' in account favor his client .  attorney says hunter is leaving famu , likely to file lawsuit .  three suspects are charged with hazing ; two are charged with felony battery .  a 1998 alleged incident left a student with severe bruisin .
 japan : family and nation grapple with teen bullies <sec> family : yumi nakai committed suicide seven years ago after being bullied .  her parents have waged a lengthy legal battle against her daughter 's school .  a boy bullied into rehearsing his own suicide has shocked japan .  japan 's education ministry to set up a special team to help schools curb bullyin .
 priest pleads guilty to meth charge <sec> the rev . .  kevin wallin of connecticut enters plea in federal court .  he admits conspiracy to distribute 1.7 kilos of crystal meth .  plea agreement calls for 11- to 14-year prison term .  four others awaiting trial in the cas .
 latest london lunch : prison food <sec> clink restaurant brixton is third and latest prison dining experience to open in uk .  clink charity plans to open another seven across uk prisons .  diners undergo stringent security checks , including fingerprinting and possible pat down .
 inter claim fourth straight win to maintain pursuit of leaders juventus <sec> inter milan win fourth straight in italy 's serie a .  antonio cassano with the first in 2-0 win at catania .  newcastle and sunderland draw 1-1 in epl derby .  hamburg slip to 1-0 defeat to stuttgart in bundeslig .
 china 's latest high-speed rail proposal <sec> proposed high-speed rail would connect inner mongolia with hainan , which are more than 3,000 kilometers apart .  world 's longest high-speed rail line is almost 2,300 kilometers long , connecting beijing and guangzhou .  train would open access to some of china 's remotest areas for tourist .
 animal welfare groups probe philadelphia-area dog burnings <sec> on june 9 , firefighters found the burned body of mixed-breed dog .  on june 25 , a female pit bull was found burned , and she later died .  thursday , a young male pit bull was brought in with severe burns and had surgery .  the puppy -- called hercules -- is in serious condition but expected to surviv .
 sony hack and north korea : the war of words escalates <sec> north korea claims the u.s. government involved in making `` the interview '' .  it warns the united states of `` counteraction '' against its `` citadels '' .  president obama says the sony hack was an act of `` cybervandalism '' not war .  sony has defended its actions , saying it had to pull the film as theaters backed ou .
 opinion : we do n't need another billion people <sec> alan weisman : in the next 12 years , world is expected to add another billion people .  we have to cut greenhouse gases to stay on safe side of a 2-degree celsius limit , he says .  weisman says the fastest and easiest way to limit carbon emissions is population control .  weisman : we need to educate women and give them access to contraceptio .
 hepatitis a scare at nyc restaurant prompts 239 to get vaccinated <sec> more than 200 people were vaccinated against hepatitis a after a scare at a nyc restaurant .  an employee infected with hepatitis a handled desserts at a manhattan tapas eatery .  about 450 of 3,000 patrons may have been exposed , health department say .
 olympic swimmer michael phelps dives into video games <sec> `` michael phelps : push the limit '' is the first swimming game designed for kinect .  game will allow players to replicate styles like backstroke , butterfly and breaststroke .  `` kinect allowed us to get gamers ... to feel like you are swimming , '' says phelp .
 first u.s. legoland hotel opens in california <sec> hotel has 3,400 sculptures created with 3 million lego pieces .  each room comes with separate children 's area .  guests can access park before it opens each mornin .
 how to get ahead in china 's dating scene <sec> chinese are so committed to valentine 's day , they celebrate it twice . .  parks and parents play a big role in the chinese dating scene . .  single men should head to the cities , women to the countryside .
 pain lingers five years on from madrid bombings <sec> spain commemorates fifth anniversary of madrid train bombings .  march 11 , 2004 , attacks killed 191 people and wounded 1,800 .  explosives were left on the spanish trains in sports bags and backpack .
 u.s. government moves to ban 'fake pot ' <sec> drug enforcement administration and justice department take action .  legal notice essentially prohibits sale or distribution of three synthetic forms of marijuana .  officials say substances with names like spice and k2 represent serious health concern .  their use has resulted in many health emergencies , officials sai .
 lazio top in serie a as inter held by juventus <sec> lazio beat brescia 1-0 to top serie a after the sixth round of matches .  stefano mauri scores only goal of the match for capital side .  inter milan held goalless by turin giants juventus in san siro .  napoli beat as roma 2-0 to maintain their title challeng .
 crew evacuated from navy minesweeper stuck on philippine reef <sec> all 79 aboard transported off ship that struck tubbataha reef in the sulu sea , u.s. navy says .  initial efforts to free the ship at high tide were unsuccessful .  tubbataha reefs natural park is home to threatened and endangered marine species .  the cause of the grounding was under investigation , navy say .
 on data privacy day , twitter and google focus on government requests <sec> data privacy day seeks to increase awareness about personal data online .  google , twitter release latest transparency reports detailing government data requests .  requests from the u.s. government have been steadily rising in recent year .
 from secret prisons to guantanamo bay <sec> in '06 , suspected terrorists in cia custody moved from secret prisons to gitmo .  president bush : group included suspects linked to 9/11 , bali bombs , uss cole .  interactive gallery includes photos , details on the 14 prisoners .  one of the prisoners was moved to u.s. for federal tria .
