 ryder cup revolutionaries : seve and ollie <sec> with jose marian olazabal as captain europe pulled of a stunning turnaround to win the ryder cup 14.5-13.5 .  the spaniard is a two-time masters champion .  as a player olazabal won golf 's most famous match on three occasions .  spaniard is best remembered for formidable partnership with ballestero .
 majestic victoria falls : 'zimbabwe 's goldmine ' draws back thrill-seekers <sec> the victoria falls are located on the border between zimbabwe and zambia .  the world travel & tourism council expects tourism to make more money for zimbabwe in 2014 than any other year in the past decade .  between 1999 and 2005 the tourism sector in zimbabwe shrunk significantly .  renewed confidence in tourism in zimbabwe is partially due to a $ 150 million plan to expand the airport at victoria fall .
 painting prostitutes , pakistani brushes off religious hard-liners <sec> in lahore 's red light district , iqbal hussain mocks pakistan 's religious establishment .  `` i portray [ sex workers ] on canvas , portray them as human beings , '' hussain said . .  painter has turned home into popular restaurant for tourists and wealthy pakistanis .  rising tide of taliban and threat of violence has some residents worrie .
 paul does n't have many fans in congress <sec> republican presidential candidate consistently goes his own way .  gop caucus ca n't count on paul to vote its way on anything , insider says .  he 's well-liked but has earned nickname `` doctor no '' .  voter base likes paul 's consistency , colleagues sa .
 adam 'mca ' yauch of the beastie boys dies at 47 <sec> stars pay tribute to multifaceted entertainer .  adam `` mca '' yauch dies after three-year cancer battle .  the self-taught musician was a founding member of the pioneering beastie boys .  yauch was diagnosed with cancer in 200 .
 look at trees in a different way <sec> fabien le coq took photos of trees from the bottom looking up .  the branches take on their own patterns in the sky : `` each tree has its own personality .
 looks matter at high-profile trials like spector 's <sec> jury deliberations to begin soon in phil spector 's murder trial .  legal analysts say demeanor , odd looks could be a factor .  spector is accused of fatally shooting actress lana clarkson .  spector 's defense says clarkson shot hersel .
 # cnnafrica tweetchat <sec> cnn will host a tweetchat about entrepreneurship in africa .  it will feature top entrepreneurs chris kirubi and magatte wade .  follow # cnnafrica on twitter on thursday , june 19 at 11am et , 3pm gmt and 6pm e .
 lebron james seeks dismissal of lawsuit over paternity claims <sec> man claims to be lebron james ' biological father .  lawyers for james and his mother seek dismissal of a lawsuit the man filed .  leicester stovell is seeking unspecified millions in damage .
 glenn ford , on death row in louisiana for 30 years , walks free <sec> glenn ford was behind bars for a murder he did not commit .  `` my sons -- when i left -- was babies . .  now they grown men with babies , '' he says .  ford had been on death row since 1984 for the murder of isadore rozema .
 egypt 's military plans for constitutional referendum <sec> new : state media : 3,000 police officers protest for better working conditions .  the chief of the armed forces meets with the constitutional committee .  the military wants a constitutional reform plan in 10 days , ghonim says .  a referendum would be held within two months , he say .
 girl , 11 , scores in fight against philadelphia archdiocese to play football <sec> philadelphia archdiocese reverses course , says girls can play football , provisionally .  girl played 2 seasons of tackle football before archdiocese enforced boys-only rule .  change.org petition asking archdiocese to reconsider garners 108,000 signatures .  mom on daughter : `` caroline was never going to give up , even if they said no .
 tibetan exiles elect pm to take over dalai lama 's role <sec> new : sangay earned a doctorate in law from harvard university .  new : in may , tibetan representatives will discuss the dalai lama 's proposal .  sangay beats out two other candidates .  the dalai lama has said he wants to hand over political power to an elected leade .
 marin cilic makes winning return in paris after reduced doping ban <sec> marin cilic wins on return to atp tour after doping ban .  court of arbitration cut his suspension from nine to four months .  cilic beats igor sijsling in first round of paris masters .  rafael nadal playng tournament for first time since 200 .
 lg electronics facts <sec> lg electronics was founded in 1958 , producing korea 's first tvs and radios .  today the company employs more than 82,000 peoplethroughout the worl .
 video shows test firing of 3-d-printed handgun <sec> group showcases test firing of a gun made with a 3-d printer .  self-styled anarchist created `` the liberator , '' from plastic , with a nail for a firing pin .  blueprints for the gun have been posted online so others can duplicate it .  demo comes as lawmakers are calling for bans on printed handgun .
 top chinese official visits afghanistan <sec> china 's top security official visited afghanistan on saturday and met with president hamid karzai .  visit was first by a top chinese official since 1955 , according to china 's state-run xinhua agency .  china kept the visit secret because of security concerns , xinhua sai .
 reaction to quran burning plan pours in from around the world <sec> new : turkish prime minister says florida pastor should `` test himself regarding islamophobia '' .  sporadic protests against the burning take place in afghanistan .  israeli prime minister says the burning undermines religious tolerance .  afghan president hamid karzai says burning will not damage the qura .
 arsenal sees off wigan on penalties to reach fa cup final <sec> arsenal wins fa cup semi to move a step closer to ending its nine-year title drought .  gunners edge championship side wigan on penalties to advance .  everton overtakes arsenal for fourth in the premier league after beating sunderland .  fulham and cardiff city register victories at the bottom of the standing .
 bridge collapses in washington state <sec> the collapse happened north of seattle .  people and cars are in the water .  it 's not immediately clear what caused the collaps .
 palestinian despair deepens ahead of elections <sec> cnn correspondent finds moods of universal pessimism in west bank town .  israel votes tuesday after election campaign dominated by the country 's right .  more and more palestinians see `` one-state solution '' as only way forward .  israelis oppose one-state solution for fear palestinians would be majorit .
 japanese parliament report : fukushima nuclear crisis was 'man-made ' <sec> new : the report makes recommendations to avoid a repeat of the 2011 catastrophe .  the report criticizes the plant 's operator , regulators and the japanese government .  it attributes the cause of the failings to japan 's culture of `` reflexive obedience '' .  it is one of several investigations into the nuclear crisis that displaced thousand .
 opinion : the inner demons that drove nixon <sec> david gergen worked in the nixon administration as a young staffer .  he recalls being impressed by nixon 's thinking but got glimpses of his dark side .  nixon had enemies but also dealt with inner demons he could n't control , gergen says .  gergen : new film gives viewers a side of nixon rarely see .
 boy shot in the face in chicago now even more afraid of the dark <sec> 3-year-old deonta howard will require years of surgery to his face .  he has become more afraid of the dark and refuses to go back to the shooting scene .  four men have been arrested ; all charged with attempted murder and aggravated battery with firearm .  there were two trigger men and two accomplices , police sa .
 anonymous bidder pays $ 610,000 for coffee with apple 's tim cook <sec> charity-auction bidding has closed on a coffee chat with apple ceo tim cook .  winning bidder paid $ 610,000 for up to an hour with the apple chief .  the coffee chat will happen at apple 's cupertino , california , headquarters .  the visit will benefit the rfk center for justice and human right .
 mother of fort hood victim : 'god , please do n't let it be ' <sec> u.s. army sgt . .  timothy owens was killed at fort hood on wednesday .  his family describes him as outgoing , someone who never met a stranger .  his daughter mourns his passing on faceboo .
 john henson -- son of the iconic jim henson -- dies of heart attack <sec> john henson dies at home at the age of 48 , the jim henson company announces .  he suffered a `` sudden , massive heart attack , '' according to the company .  john was a shareholder , board member with the jim henson company .  his father helped develop `` the muppets , '' `` fraggle rock '' and `` sesame street .
 bad times tossed on 'good riddance day ' <sec> hundreds show up in times square to get rid of 2009 regrets .  they wrote down regets on paper that was then shredded .  regrets ranged from debts , to old loves , to things missing in their live .
 opinion : big tobacco just got bigger <sec> robin koval : if cigarettes were introduced today , they 'd never be approved for market .  koval : attitudes are changing ; r.j. reynolds lost lawsuit filed by widow of lung cancer victim .  koval : now , two giant tobacco companies are merging , which seems like a throwback .  she says merger could be opportunity to create product that does n't kill half its user .
 5 things to look for at the un general assembly this week <sec> the global debate over syria is expected to be a hot topic .  hassan rouhani will make his first appearance as iran 's new president .  sudan 's president , wanted on charges of war crimes , might make a surprise appearanc .
 iran navy in suicide attack pledge <sec> iranian navy chief says forces willing to carry out suicide missions .  gen. ali fadavi calls on troops to emulate hossein fahmideh .  the 13-year-old volunteer killed himself in the 1980-88 iran-iraq wa .
 first officer on missing jet was transitioning to 777-200s <sec> fariq ab hamid , 27 , had recently switched to the boeing 777-200 .  he landed it in a flight captured on video last month by cnn .  it was a textbook-perfect landing , the captain said of hamid 's wor .
 chipotle faces scrutiny over illegal workers <sec> chipotle employees in minnesota were fired after an immigration audit .  restaurant officials say they have complied with ice requests .  nearly one-third of america 's 38 million immigrants are illega .
 official : cyberattacks , n. korea , jihadist groups top u.s. threats <sec> director of national intelligence gave a report to congress .  clapper says the internet is increasingly being used as a tool by nations and terror groups .  north korea 's rhetoric is an `` indicator of their attitude '' and ''intent , '' the director say .
 bobby brown ordered to jail for dui <sec> bobby brown 's jail sentence is stiffer because of an earlier drunken driving conviction .  brown , 44 , must attend aa meetings until his jail stint starts on march 20 .  he spent time in a `` confidential rehabilitation center '' last augus .
 south korea blames north for cyberattacks that hit banks , broadcasters <sec> it 's the first time the south has officially accused the north of conducting the attacks .  seoul says the codes used were similar to ones used before by pyongyang .  the attacks last month infected thousands of computers at major companie .
 stronger eruptions at two alaska volcanoes , scientists say <sec> the volcanoes are both on the alaskan peninsula .  they began erupting weeks ago but are now showing stronger seismic activity .  they are producing small amounts of lava and ash .  one of them is producing smoke plumes as high as 28,000 fee .
 'vape ' is oxford 's 2014 word of the year <sec> the word `` vape '' grew in use over last year .  oxford says it `` arose to fill '' a gap .  the word beat out `` bae '' and `` normcore .
 isis militants believed to be holding 9 foreign oil workers in libya <sec> the abducted workers were seized in an attack on an oil field last week .  they are from the philippines , bangladesh , austria , the czech republic and ghana .  militants have carried out a series of attacks on oil fields in recent week .
 can sierra leone 's economy survive ebola ? <sec> sierra leone 's economy is expected to shrink by 3.5 % as a result of ebola outbreak .  60 % of sierra leoneans already live below the poverty line .  many in sierra leone are in quarantine , further injuring the econom .
 what caused engine to fail on one of world 's largest planes ? <sec> incident , known as an `` uncontained engine failure '' is rare but not unknown , says cnn 's richard quest .  engine type is fitted to more than half the 37 a380s currently in operation .  quest : there have been niggles with the fuels systems and engines but nothing like thi .
 opinion : miley cyrus is sexual -- get over it <sec> miley cyrus 's performance at the mtv video music awards show stunned viewers .  pepper schwartz : let 's face it , young women today are flaunting their sexuality .  she says we need to tell kids that in real life , a little bit of subtlety goes a long way .  schwartz : there are far better ways for young women to be attractive and appealin .
 anthem hack : who 's to blame ? ( opinion ) <sec> john sutter tries to figure out who to blame for the anthem data breach .  he was among the health care company 's customers who was notified about the hac .
 uruguay to legalize marijuana , senate says <sec> uruguayan lawmakers vote to legalize marijuana .  supporters say it will help fight organized crime .  critics say it could have dangerous health consequence .
 animal rights group 's video sparks search of north carolina turkey farm <sec> an animal rights group says it videotaped purported animal abuse at a turkey farm .  sheriff 's investigators launched a search of the farm in north carolina on thursday .  the farm is owned by butterball , authorities in hoke county say .  butterball says any employee who violates its `` zero tolerance '' animal abuse policy will be fire .
 owner of plane carrying jenni rivera linked to troubled businessman <sec> two lawsuits link owner of plane carrying jenni rivera to man in trouble with the law .  the lawsuits allege that christian eduardo esquino nunez is linked to aviation company .  esquino has been convicted of falsifying plane maintenance records .  the aviation company denies in court documents that the man works for the .
 philippine official : rebellion charges to be laid <sec> new : charges of rebellion will be leveled against many of those arrested during martial law .  legality of martial law declaration , allowing arrests without warrants , is challenged .  searchers make arrests , recover arms from a clan implicated in massacre .  martial law follows killings of 57 last week in maguindanao provinc .
 maggots , bacteria allegedly plagued china 's number one meat brand <sec> china 's biggest meat brand , shuanghui , has tainted food history since 2011 .  poison , maggots , bacteria allegedly in company products , say chinese state-run media .  shuanghui bid to acquire u.s.-based smithfield foods , world 's largest pork processor .  usda confirms to cnn it will still regulate smithfield products if merger successfu .
 activists take apple workers'-rights campaign to facebook <sec> apple protesters are calling for facebook campaign on wednesday .  founder of change.org petition urges supporters to ask for `` ethical ipad '' .  apple is expected to unveil a new ipad on wednesday .  rights groups say chinese factories are hard on workers who make apple product .
 retracing ponce de leon 's path -- on a water scooter <sec> alvaro de marichalar is tracing explorer ponce de leon 's path on a water scooter .  he left san juan , puerto rico , on wednesday and is heading to florida .  followers can track his progress on twitte .
 korean air exec may face legal action over nut scandal <sec> korean air executive who delayed a flight over a bag of macadamia nuts may face legal action .  south korea 's transportation ministry said on tuesday it had filed a complaint to prosecutors . .  heather cho , who resigned from her post last week , will report to the prosecutor 's office on wednesday .  sales of macadamia nuts have boomed unexpectedly despite scanda .
 hong kong protesters smash into government hq <sec> hong kong government condemns `` violent acts by radical protesters '' .  protesters smash through a glass door in the legislative council complex .  hong kong police arrested six for criminal damage and assaulting a police officer .  pro-democracy legislator calls it a `` major setback for the movement .
 china releases 5 women activists detained in march <sec> wei tingting , wang man , zheng churan , li tingting and wu rongrong are free .  they will be under police surveillance for a year and have their activities restricted , attorney says .  the international community has harshly criticized keeping the women in custod .
 i got something better than a trophy at the spelling bee <sec> kat kinsman went to the national spelling bee at age 13 in 1986 .  back home , she was an outsider with light-socket perm , train track braces .  now she was with kids who lived for language play , lovely books , good grades .  kat did n't win trophy , but won a friend who kind of understood he .
 did the anglos steal thanksgiving ? <sec> charles garcia : immigration issue has created pointless anglo-hispanic culture clash .  he says americanos are 50 million american citizens descended from spanish culture .  he says they have valid claim to american dream and may have had first thanksgiving .  garcia : in 1565 , spanish settlers in florida and the native timucua sat down to a feast togethe .
 arson fire at chinese consulate in san francisco a 'despicable act ' <sec> new : video obtained by ktvu shows a ball of fire erupting in front of the consulate .  video shows a person throwing what appears to be buckets of gasoline , consulate officials say .  no injuries have been reported .  `` we strongly condemn this despicable attack , '' wang chuan , the consulate spokesman , sai .
 gabor 's prince mistakes glue for eye drops <sec> prince frederic von anhalt accidently glued his right eye shut .  a beverly hills doctor repaired his eye tuesday morning .  von anhalt has moved his actress-wife 's nail glu .
 evacuation of 150 west bank settlers begins <sec> israeli government says settlers will be gone by sunday from an area in beit el .  israel 's supreme court ruled last year their homes were built on privately owned palestinian land .  settlers ' anger eased when israel announced plans for new housing in another part of beit el .  the palestinian who owns the land says he 's thrilled at the israeli court 's decisio .
 martin kaymer maintains slender tcp lead at sawgrass <sec> martin kaymer builds upon record breaking score at tpc at sawgrass .  the german leads jordan spieth by a shot going into the weekend .  six players tied for fourth place at six-under-pa .
 brazilian police arrest google exec over online videos <sec> new : authorities release google 's president in brazil after arrest .  an arrest warrant accuses fabio jose silva coelho of `` disobedience '' .  he was asked to remove videos that allegedly slandered a mayoral candidate .  google argues that it is n't responsible for the youtube videos ' conten .
 saudi women going to games is a sham <sec> jocelyne cesari : it 's not an advance that saudi arabia sent two women to the olympics .  the country sent them to avoid a ban on participating , she says , but situation is dire at home .  cesari : saudi women and girls can not play or watch sports , except girls in private schools .  saudi arabia has one of the worst records on women 's rights in the world , she write .
 alain de botton : how to stop news from ruining our lives <sec> it 's of course vital we watch what our government is doing , or what is happening in kiev , writes alain de botton .  however much of the news has little relevance to our lives , and we do not need to know it , he writes .  de botton : instead we should honor our own objectives in the brief time still allotted to u .
 it 's official : ted cruz a citizen of the u.s. - and the u.s. only - cnnpolitics.com <sec> texas republican was born in canada to an american mother and a cuban father .  he took steps to renounce his canadian citizenship last year .  he received a note in the mail this week telling him process is don .
 independent candidate denies 'bromance ' with gop foe <sec> independent eliot cutler has n't cracked 20 percent in recent polls for the governor 's race . .  democrats say cutler is siphoning off votes from dem . .  candidate rep. mike michaud . .  cutler said there 's no 'bromance ' between him and republican gov . .  paul lepage .
