 toronto mayor rob ford brings 'hollywood north ' glamour to oscar sunday <sec> ford has become infamous for his antics , including an admission that he smoked crack .  ford strolled hollywood 's walk of fame checking out canadian stars .  `` we are hollywood north , '' ford says of toronto .  ford 's `` looking forward '' to oscar after-part .
 american jailed in japan for trying to reclaim his children <sec> ex-wife 's attorney says dad had other legal options besides grabbing kids .  american dad tries to snatch children from ex-wife who took them to japan .  she is a fugitive in tennessee , but has broken no law in japan .  father , who has legal custody in u.s. , charged in japan with abductio .
 sharing a family name : the good and bad <sec> passing on a name from generation to generation is a popular royal family tradition .  the duke and duchess of cambridge have named their son george alexander louis .  prince george is the seventh in his family to bear the name .  some experts say to expect more baby georges in the u.s. next yea .
 volunteer firefighters fight australia blaze <sec> new : `` it 's about the worst i 've ever experienced in just-on 60 years , '' firefighter says .  new : hundreds of new south wales farmer 's sheep die in fires .  the weather has been unforgiving across australia in recent days .  fires have scorched 350,000 hectares ( more than 1,350 square miles ) of the stat .
 rolling stones blend past , present on 'doom and gloom ' <sec> the rolling stones blend past and present on `` doom and gloom '' .  `` doom and gloom '' is their first new song together in seven years .  the tune was recorded in paris earlier this year and produced by don wa .
 cnn poll : anti-incumbent fever at record high <sec> just 34 percent of u.s. voters think most members of congress should be re-elected , poll shows .  that 's the lowest number for that question ever in a cnn poll .  51 percent say their own member of congress deserves re-election .  44 percent of those polled say president obama should be re-elected if he runs in 201 .
 mers outbreak becomes more urgent , who says <sec> new : spokeswoman : 4 tested in san antonio for mers ; none has symptoms .  a case in the netherlands brings the total to 18 countries affected .  cdc official : `` we do n't know as much as we 'd like so far '' .  two u.s. airlines are coordinating with health officials over cases in u.s .
 prosecutor : letter from suspect in paris attacks criticized media <sec> new : journalists are paid to `` make citizens swallow lies with a small spoon , '' letter says .  police are studying a 15-year-old psychiatric report on suspect abdelhakim dekhar .  dekhar allegedly shot a newspaper photographer in the chest .  he is also suspected in an attack last week on a french tv news statio .
 brown family attorney blasts st. louis paper <sec> attorney benjamin crump says the newspaper has been biased in its quest for records .  crump says the st. louis post-dispatch has n't dug into officer darren wilson 's past .  but it has chased michael brown 's juvenile records , he says .  he accuses the newspaper of pursuing `` gossip and racist speculation .
 widespread election violence erupts in nigeria <sec> new : the opposition candidate distances himself from the violence .  nigerians in northern , mainly muslim states protest the elections .  they say the vote was rigged in favor of the president , a christian from the south .  about 17,000 people flee their homes in the violenc .
 tips for driving in europe <sec> on weekdays from 7 a.m. to 6 p.m. , there 's a fee to enter london 's congestion zone .  in france , children under 10 are prohibited from riding up front .  on italian roads too narrow for two vehicles , the larger one has the right-of-way .  in spain , if you wear glasses you must have an extra pair in the ca .
 police : suspected hospital shooter had mental health problems <sec> medicine for psychotic problems found at abdo ibssa 's home .  ibssa believed doctor at the hospital had placed an electronic chip inside him .  suspect opened fire at hospital after asking for doctor who had performed his appendectomy .  police : ibssa shot three women outside hospital before shooting and killing himsel .
 cliff central : shock jock 's wechat 'un-radio ' station <sec> cliff central is new mobile 'unradio ' station by south african shock jock gareth cliff .  listeners can access show , chat to others through wechat app .  broadcaster is excited by possibilities , industry experts remain cagey about prospect .
 crops , coal and steel inundated by australia 's flooding <sec> fitzroy river is expected to remain above the `` major flood '' level for another week . .  at least 10 people have died in flooding since november 30 .  the floodwaters cover an area the size of france and germany combine .
 up , up and away : airships , the next generation <sec> airship concept all-but abandoned after 1937 's hindenburg disaster .  new-style airships will be heavier-than-air and use helium , not hydrogen .  aeros hopes to have a prototype of its `` floating boardroom '' flying in 201 .
 the nature of things : janine benyus biography <sec> janine benyus coined the term `` biomimicry '' in her influential 1997 book .  biomimicry is the concept of looking for inspiration for design through nature .  she was named by time magazine as an environmental hero of 200 .
 ferrari 'astonished ' by politician 's rant <sec> ferrari are `` astonished and saddened '' by criticism from politician roberto calderoli .  calderoli accused ferrari of employing a `` demented '' strategy in sunday 's race .  sebastian vettel claimed the world crown after winning the abu dhabi grand pri .
 goodbye ahmadinejad , hello rouhani <sec> hassan rouhani holds a doctorate from a uk university .  he had a long career in iran 's defense establishment .  a senior cleric , he was iran 's chief nuclear negotiator and writes on diplomacy .  he has made comments in support of iran 's rebellious green movemen .
 world 's top revolving restaurants <sec> in the past 50 years , revolving restaurants have opened in more than 50 countries .  drehrestaurant allalin , the highest revolving restaurant , is on top of a swiss glacier .  top of the world is the crown of the stratosphere casino , hotel & tower in las vega .
 long-lost brothers reunite via twitter <sec> two long-lost brothers , who reconnected on twitter , previously met in a web forum .  keys received a message from smith reading : `` hey is your mom 's name jackie ? '' .  as an online news producer , keys knows the power of social medi .
 aaron hernandez pleads not guilty <sec> new : defense attorney says `` not one shred of evidence has been presented yet '' .  new : prosecutor says `` there 's a tremendous amount of evidence '' .  aaron hernandez pleads not guilty to murder and weapons charges .  the former nfl star is also being investigated in 2012 slaying .
 seduced into spending thousands on lottery tickets <sec> jen bucala likes to buy lottery tickets ; an estimated $ 10,000 in 10 years .  psychology professor : low entry fee is part of lottery 's seduction .  study : 38 percent of poor think lottery best way for them to get hundreds of thousands .  statistician : chances of winning powerball is 1 in 195,249,05 .
 poet amiri baraka , political activist , dead at 79 <sec> baraka was considered a founder of the 1960s black arts movement .  he was a self-described `` poet icon and revolutionary political activist '' .  his poem `` somebody blew up america '' created controvers .
 coach with parkinson 's inspires on and off the field <sec> coach don horton was diagnosed with parkinson 's disease at 48 .  he found himself in the locker room , unable to button his own shirt .  he calls the moment a `` turning point in my life .
 amanpour : what the world wants of obama <sec> world has long wish list for barack obama when he becomes president .  solving problems will need creative diplomacy and courage , amanpour says .  middle east , iran and kashmir all need attention .  amanpour asks if world nations will rise to help u.s. or just carp from sideline .
 real madrid hit by ronaldo injury <sec> real madrid winger cristiano ronaldo will miss his side 's clash with sevilla .  ronaldo picked up an ankle injury against marseille in the champions league .  the injury is not a serious one ronaldo should be fit for portugal next weeken .
 cholera : 10 killer facts <sec> cholera is a disease that affects the bowels and untreated .  malnourished and hiv-infected people are at a high risk for death if infected .  cholera is transmitted through contaminated water and food supplie .
 man utd . squeeze past otelul galati <sec> manchester united beat romanian side otelul galati 2-0 .  wayne rooney scored two penalties to secure man utd 's first champions league win this season .  real madrid thumped lyon 4-0 .  manchester city score a 90th minute winner to beat villarrea .
 serena williams exits wimbledon after bizarre scene <sec> serena williams looked disoriented , could n't even serve .  she says 'this bug ' made it difficult to play .  she 's been ill for days , sister venus williams says .  the williams sisters have won five doubles titles at wimbledo .
 gunmen kill 22 in ambush at kenyan coast <sec> al-shabaab claims responsibility for both attacks .  one was near mpeketoni , where dozens of people were killed last month .  kenya 's tourism industry has taken a hit due to insecurity in the coastal regio .
 late goals secure chelsea victory over promoted reading <sec> chelsea beat reading 4-2 at stamford bridge to go top of epl .  two wins from two games for reigning european champions .  fernando torres and branislav ivanovic with late goals for chelsea .  malaga beat panathinaikos 2-0 in champions league qualifie .
 opinion : how to rescue the arab spring <sec> it 's long been known that revolutions devour their young , frida ghitis says .  the hope of the arab spring has dimmed with egypt , tunisia , syria upheaval , she says .  ghitis : liberals in egypt benefited from the military 's move but may suffer as well .  she says they must stand up for liberal , democratic value .
 courage on climate : the jfk award <sec> profile in courage award is going to a republican congressman who risked his career while recognizing the danger of climate change .  authors : addressing climate challenge is today 's moon shot , an enormous effort that will pay big benefit .
 medical tourism : have illness , will travel <sec> two to three million people travel abroad for medical treatment each year .  leading destinations for medical tourists include singapore and thailand .  surgery at a top hospital in india can cost one-tenth of its u.s. price .  an eu draft directive could lead to increased medical travel within the e .
 iraq to split in three : so why not ? <sec> division of iraq into ethnic regions looks more likely than ever before .  iraq experts say cycle of violence is hardening sectarian divide -- wrecking chance of negotiated separation .  sunni areas in west would not be economically viable unless they received oil revenues from other regions .  independent sunni region , free from discrimination by majority shia government , might escape extremist rul .
 foley beheading : does britain foster terror ? ( opinion ) <sec> uk 's tolerance of extremism leads to acts like james foley 's beheading , article suggests .  richard barrett says that view goes too far and more draconian laws are n't the answer .  barrett : extremism is linked to immigrants ' societies and their transition to integration .  he says uk rule of law and freedom of expression will win over allure of isi .
 what 's next for dzhokhar tsarnaev ? <sec> dzhokhar tsarnaev is found guilty on all 30 charges he faced .  seventeen counts were capital charges , meaning he is eligible for the death penalt .
 schoolgirls and teachers sick from poison gas in afghanistan <sec> under taliban rule , girls were banned from schools .  the latest poisoning incident is part of a trend , a ministry spokesman says .  the girls are recovering at a hospital , a doctor say .
 lohan reports to jail early ; will serve sentence at home <sec> lohan could have waited until june 17 to start her sentence .  she may only serve two weeks of a 120-day sentence .  the actress pleaded guilty to a necklace theft charg .
 pakistani official outs cia officials in drone investigation <sec> a pakistani political party publicizes the name of a person she says is cia station chief .  the pti party gave the police the names of two cia officials in connection with a drone strike .  there is a murder investigation into the recent strike .  if in fact a cia official was outed , it could have repercussion .
 ibrahimovic destroys england <sec> zlatan ibrahimovic scored all four goals in sweden 's 4-2 win over england .  netherlands and germany finish goalless in bore draw .  france fights back to defeat italy 2-1 in parma .  leo messi frustrated as argentina held to 0-0 draw by saudi arabi .
 father tosses children to safety in new york fire <sec> a fire tears through multifamily home on staten island .  a neighbor says he and his fiancee caught two children thrown from second floor .  the blaze injured 23 firefighters and 11 civilians , and its cause is being investigate .
 solar lamps lifting kenyans out of poverty <sec> evans wadongo is supplying kenyans in rural areas with solar-powered led lanterns .  the free lanterns allow families to save the money they would normally spend on kerosene .  wadongo on being chosen as a top 10 cnn hero : it gives me `` energy to do more .
 cowboy actor dale robertson dead at 89 <sec> robertson 's acting career began after a movie scout saw his photo .  he was diagnosed with stage 4 cancer last week while being treated for pneumonia .  cowboy roles were not a stretch for robertson , who grew up on oklahoma ranch .  `` he was in hollywood when it was great , '' his wife say .
 british yacht crew still missing five days after distress call <sec> six ships and three planes scouring atlantic ocean .  four british sailors are believed to have abandoned ship friday .  the 39-foot cheeki rafiki began taking on water the day befor .
 5 quad-core mobile games to watch <sec> `` hamilton 's great adventure thd '' is example of a console-quality game gone portable .  `` dark kingdom thd '' was developed in south korea and promises a rich experience .  `` zombie driver thd '' puts players behind the wheel of one of 13 different vehicle .
 6 ways to prioritize your online friendships <sec> expert : use emotional intelligence to reflect , amplify the way you connect with your friends . .  she uses twitter to get updates from people i love ; facebook for colleagues .  do n't confuse your real friends with people you `` friended '' on social media .  use the web to pinch hit for a night out with friend .
 mourinho denies assault claims <sec> inter milan coach jose mourinho has claimed he did not assault a journalist after his side 's 1-1 draw with atalanta . .  the alleged confrontation happened following the 1-1 serie a draw at atalanta on sunday .  the italian sport union of journalists ( ussi ) have condemned mourinho 's alleged action .
 more than 200 die in south sudan tribal feud , official says <sec> members of the murle tribe attacked groups of lou nuer , the governor of jonglei state says .  the u.n. peacekeeping mission says it had reports of attacks , but ca n't confirm how many died .  in december , lou nuer killed hundreds of murle in a series of attack .
 louisiana demands justice , not charity <sec> james carville : louisiana has been abused and neglected too long .  he says the region 's oil industry and ports have served the nation .  marshlands have been harmed by industry , hurting fishing , he says .  flooding from katrina , bp leak were mostly-preventable man-made disasters , he say .
 officials : at least 141 inmates escape from mexican prison <sec> federal officials say local authorities ' handling of the prisons is `` deplorable '' .  the state says it ca n't prevent escapes and has asked for federal help .  the prison 's director is missing , and an investigation indicates inmates colluded with workers .  at least two other high-profile escapes occurred in tamaulipas state this yea .
 gamers shrug at nintendo 2ds console <sec> many gamers appear less than excited about nintendo 's forthcoming 2ds console .  the handheld device does not have 3-d visual effects and is shaped like a small tablet .  console may be aimed at kids , not adult .
 why the pope and obama turn to twitter <sec> nilay patel : twitter used to be for tech nerds , now it 's for the entire world .  patel : tv executives , celebrities , politicians , journalists all see twitter as invaluable .  he says twitter faces challenges ahead , like free speech and how to make money .  patel : sense of anarchy and openness and chaos is what makes twitter vita .
 navy : new laser weapon works , ready for action <sec> navy 's laser tested off ship in persian gulf from september to november .  weapon fired by sailor using video game-like controller .  laser costs less than $ 1 a sho .
 dissident artist guo jian arrives in sydney <sec> after being held by beijing police for more than two weeks , guo jian is deported to australia .  the artist created a miniature model of beijing landmark tiananmen square and covered it in ground meat .  a former participant of the 1989 student demonstrations at the square , guo is highly critical of chinese arm .
 unplug ! too much light at night may lead to depression <sec> dim lighting at night may lead to depression , research suggests .  ama : nighttime lighting may lead to adverse health effects .  in animals , depression eased with a return to 8 hours of darknes .
 'sex on beach ' couple free on bail in dubai <sec> two britons jailed for having sex on beach in dubai bailed pending their appeal .  the pair were arrested at a dubai beach shortly after midnight on july 5 .  they were charged with with illicit relations , public indecency , public intoxication .  although a relatively moderate gulf state , dubai adheres to certain islamic rule .
 dozens arrested outside of republican convention <sec> new : at least 56 arrested near republican national convention .  new : cnn staff sees police use projectiles , tear gas and pepper spray .  nearly 5,000 protesters marched peacefully in st. paul .  `` splinter group '' smashed windows , throw benches into street .
 autopsy ca n't link remains to missing women <sec> new : rib cage , spinal column and partial left femur bones among body parts found .  new : autopsy inconclusive as to identity of remains ; dna testing to take two weeks .  remains found on south bank of des plaines river .  area is near homes of stacy peterson , lisa stebi .
 asiana flight attendants hailed as heroes <sec> 2 flight attendants were ejected from plane and found on runway .  veteran flight attendant lee yoon hye describes crash landing .  lee worked with asiana airlines for 18 years .  emergency slides deployed inside the plane and trapped cre .
 wine maker and entrepreneur : what amelie mauresmo did next <sec> amelie mauresmo is still immersed in world of tennis four years after retirement .  frenchwoman won two grand slam titles in a 15-year professional career .  she now is france 's fed cup captain and is a tournament director in paris .  mauresmo hopes to have second life away from tennis , indulging her passion for win .
 u.s. military oks use of online social media <sec> facebook , twitter , youtube , other social media web sites ok on nonclassified computers .  branches of military previously had varying policies .  new rules balance security with power of internet , official say .
 the parasite keeping millions in poverty <sec> jiggers is a debilitating foot parasite .  it prevents millions of children from attending school .  kenyan businessman stanley kamau had jiggers , and is working to fight i .
 china arrests dissident in crackdown , human rights group says <sec> activist zhu yufu is accused of `` subversion of state power , '' human rights groups say .  more than 100 activists detained , put under surveillance or missing , amnesty says .  state department human rights report says china 's rights record worsened in 201 .
