 injured murray to miss french open ? <sec> andy murray faces a race against time to be fit for french open .  world no.2 forced to retire with back injury at rome masters .  murray says injury is the same as that has haunted him since late 2011 .  tournament at roland garros gets underway on may 2 .
 analysis : 'blackface jacksons ' embarrassing to australia <sec> australian has a history of wrapping racism in supposed humor .  racial humor for a long time reflected official government policy .  harry connick jr. right to slam 'blackface jacksons ' act on australian tv .  to those australians who still find such offensive skits funny : `` the joke is on you ! .
 google stops taking orders for 16gb nexus 7 <sec> the google store has stopped taking orders altogether for the tablet .  the 16gb version is also sold out at gamestop , kmart , sam 's club , others .  google is still accepting orders for the 8gb version , which costs $ 199 .  the nexus 7 tablet has received widely positive reviews from the pres .
 heat wave : oklahoma , texas endure warmest months on record <sec> new : temperatures averaged 88.9 degrees in oklahoma .  new : the heat wave resulted in the fourth-warmest july for america .  new : there are more hot days in store in the near future .  one texas town turns off the water because of shortag .
 hong kong protester joshua wong : police assaulted me <sec> hong kong protest leader joshua wong accuses police of excessive force against him .  he says he was kicked , punched and his genitals grabbed during his arrest .  wong was charged with obstructing officers clearing the mong kok protest site .  student leaders are now calling on protesters to focus on two other protest sites in the cit .
 21 : science 's limit when it comes to the drinking age <sec> thirty years ago , ronald reagan signed the national minimum drinking age act .  scientists say the law makes drinking more appealing to teens .  younger drinkers binge drink more often , which can hurt developing brain .
 canada 's 'prince of pot ' gets five years in u.s. prison <sec> marijuana activist marc emery sentenced for selling marijuana seeds to u.s. customers .  in plea deal with federal prosecutors , emery admitted to operating seed-selling business .  emery 's lawyer , supporters , claim his prosecution was politically motivated .  `` i regret not choosing other methods -- legal ones -- to achieve my goals , '' emery say .
 opinion : why the supermarket threat is india 's biggest bluff <sec> it was `` more business than usual '' for india 's shopkeepers this week , says anjana menon .  this was despite political parties forcing some shops to close in protest at retail reforms .  the government plans to allow international supermarkets greater access to india .  but menon says it is hard to imagine big retailers wiping out `` mom-and-pop '' store .
 oscar pistorius awaits sentence for killing of reeva steenkamp <sec> oscar pistorius will be sentenced by judge thokozile masipa .  she cleared him of murder , but found him guilty of culpable homicide .  there is no legal minimum or maximum term for culpable homicide .  pistorius will also be sentenced on weapons-related charge for a restaurant shootin .
 bill o'reilly and the muslim playing jesus <sec> a tv movie based on o'reilly 's book `` killing jesus '' casts a muslim actor as jesus .  maybe best thing christians during this holy week should watch muslim portray jesus , says tony jone .
 14 bodies found in mexico <sec> official : the victims appeared to have been kidnapped and killed .  the attack was connected to organized crime , a prosecutor 's spokeswoman says .  mexican authorities have blamed feuding cartels for similar killing .
 nato ends libya mission <sec> ntc military spokesman says mission should be suspended , not canceled .  nato 's seven-month campaign helped end moammar gadhafi 's rule .  the u.n. security council voted to end a mandate authorizing the nato operation last week .  gadhafi 's family says it will file a complaint against nat .
 convicted mumbai gunman appeals his death sentence <sec> a trial court handed down the death sentence last year for kasab .  no date has been set for a hearing for the convicted gunman .  more than 160 people died in the three-day coordinated attack in 2008 in different locations in mumba .
 asian superpowers jostle to join carrier club <sec> china , india and japan have turned to aircraft carriers as an extension of military prestige .  aircraft carriers are expensive to build , logistically complex to operate and costly to defend .  carrier race comes amid rising assertiveness of asian 's military powers .  military analysts say the value of a carrier lies in having one rather than using on .
 new orleans cops quiz man in bourbon street shooting <sec> man questioned by police released due to jail overcrowding .  10 people were shot sunday in the french quarter .  a woman who was wounded has died , police say .  police have questioned one person and are looking for anothe .
 text message surgery saves teenager 's life <sec> text message taught british surgeon how to amputate the arm of teenager in congo .  david nott texted colleague meirion thomas , an expert in forequarter amputation .  nott embarked on the three-hour operation with just one pint of donated bloo .
 oklahoma executions back on ; court keeps drug sources secret <sec> inmates had challenged state clause keeping source of lethal injection drugs secret .  clayton lockett and charles warner are now scheduled to be executed tuesday .  defense attorney says there 's no way to know if executions will be `` humane '' .  states scrambled for new drugs after european manufacturers announced ban last yea .
 obama orders u.s. troops to help chase down african 'army ' leader <sec> groups say that `` without a solution , '' it is daily `` terror and pain '' .  the united states is going after the head of the lord 's resistance army .  the `` army '' operates through central africa .  a republican senator supports the mov .
 kicking up a storm : from henry viii to cristiano ronaldo <sec> the first recorded football boot belonged to britain 's king henry viii almost 500 years ago .  leading manufacturers adidas and puma formed by the feuding dassler brothers .  u.s. company nike began to emerge as the top rival to german firm adidas in 1990s .  both companies are launching new boot ranges ahead of world cup in south afric .
 opinion : lautenberg : the last 'swamp dog ' <sec> patrick murray : first time he voted was in 1982 election ; underdog frank lautenberg won .  a liberal , lautenberg pushed laws on transportation , smoking , drinking age , guns , he says .  he says he had street-fighter 's reputation , a characterization he embraced .  murray : christie has tricky task of picking replacement , a chance for gop to get senate sea .
 n.y. cop not indicted in chokehold death <sec> new : `` make a statement , but make it in peace , '' says eric garner 's mother .  protesters gather across new york , other u.s. cities .  garner , an unarmed black man , died after a white police officer put him in a chokehold .  a grand jury decided not to indict the officer ; ag holder announces an investigatio .
 stoner overcomes crash to head grid for dutch motogp race <sec> casey stoner wins pole position for saturday 's motogp race in netherlands .  world champion recovers from practice crash to head off teammate dani pedrosa .  series leader jorge lorenzo rounds out front row after qualifying third on friday .  his yamaha teammate ben spies , last year 's race winner , is back in sixt .
 panetta starts visit to asia with praise for china <sec> china handled news of u.s. arms sale to taiwan well , panetta says .  still , there are some concerns about china weapons program , he says .  a strong relationship with china is in the interest of global securit .
 who will claim the catholic vote ? <sec> tim stanley : the vp candidates reflect divide between liberal and conservative catholicism .  he says biden is a post-vatican ii catholic aimed at social justice and accessible faith .  he says ryan hews to traditional catholicism ; record is anti-abortion , anti-gay marriage .  stanley : ryan will have to show social compassion with fiscal conservatis .
 report : agency failed to follow procedures in off-road race crash <sec> bureau of land management did n't follow own procedures , internal report says .  federal agency says it has taken steps to follow permitting procedures .  eight people died in crash during off-road event in southern californi .
 octagenarian mountaineer drops bid to climb everest <sec> octogenarian climber abandons bid to reclaim title of the oldest man to climb mt everest .  nepali climber min bahadur sherchan , 81 , says government delays have prevented ascent .  warmer weather means mt everest is not safe to climb .  sherchan is a longtime rival of japan 's miura who last week became the oldest man to the mountai .
 thailand lights up the night sky with lantern festival <sec> loi krathong lantern festival has been celebrated in thailand for centuries .  floating flower lanterns and airborne rice-paper lanterns are released by residents and tourists .  in chiang mai , festival has become a street party that lasts for day .
 cnn pays a visit to roma community where 'maria ' was found <sec> roma couple has been charged with kidnapping little blond `` maria , '' who they have raised .  a crew with cnn visits the roma community in greece where maria was found .  roma view outsiders with deep distrust even in the best of times .  they describe a life of hardship since greece 's meltdown but say maria was treated wel .
 searching for a medical miracle <sec> nih center says 40 % of americans have used some form of alternative medicine .  not many randomized , controlled clinical trials are done on these because it 's not profitable .  many medical centers have come around to the importance of an integrative approac .
 terror plot against new york synagogue busted <sec> new : one suspect accused of selling drugs to finance plot .  suspects were `` lone wolves , '' bloomberg says .  police say they purchased three guns , ammunition and a grenade .  their arrests mark end of seven-month undercover operatio .
 milan earn draw against barcelona ; gomez and robben put bayern in charge <sec> barcelona held to goalless draw by ac milan in first leg of champions league quarterfinal .  defending champions fail to capitalize on possession at the san siro .  bayern muncih take big step towards semifinals with 2-0 win at marseille .  mario gomez and arjen robben score in each half at stade velodrom .
 communication breakdown increases heartache of haiti quake <sec> communication breakdown in haiti leaves people around world anxious over fate of loved ones .  few phone calls going through in haiti in the aftermath of tuesday 's 7.0-magnitude quake .  people were driven to texting , social networking sites and other online communication .  thousands reached out through cnn 's ireport web page , asking for informatio .
 opinion : be afraid of lyme disease <sec> pamela weintraub : her family went through nightmare in grappling with lyme disease .  weintraub : deep divisions in the medical community hinder real solution on the disease .  she says it is unclear if lyme agent stays in patients ' bodies even after treatment .  weintraub : scientists need to stop fighting , listen to patients and conduct new studie .
 boko haram claims responsibility for nigeria church bombings <sec> militant islamic group says it 's behind three attacks sunday in cities of zaria and kaduna .  the attacks and retaliatory violence left at least 50 people dead , red cross says .  boko haram says the bombings were retaliation for attacks on mosque .
 'homeland ' writer meredith stiehm on claire danes , new fx pilot <sec> `` homeland '' writer meredith stiehm , 44 , shares similarities with carrie mathison .  stiehm has penned some of the series most acclaimed and talked about episodes .  stiehm has a much-buzzed-about pilot with fx called `` the bridge .
 spinners singer bobbie smith dead at 76 <sec> bobbie smith , sang lead on many spinners hits , died saturday .  smith 's vocals top `` i 'll be around , '' `` could it be i 'm falling in love '' .  spinners have been called `` the greatest soul group of the early '70s '' .  group formed in detroit area in '50s ; many members stayed for decade .
 a dream come true : world 's most incredible bets <sec> legendary billionaire gambler jp mcmanus big player at cheltenham .  more than $ 820m bet at four-day british horse racing festival .  top betting stories include stable boy turned millionaire .  lucky punter who won $ 1.5m on horse called a dream come tru .
 4 missing after storm strikes alabama regatta <sec> coast guard says about 50 people were rescued from mobile bay .  more than 100 sailboats took part in the dauphin island race , an annual even .
 ohio landlord wants commission to reconsider ruling on 'white only ' sign <sec> jamie hein is asking the state civil rights commission to reconsider its ruling .  the commission has previously ruled hein violated the ohio civil rights act .  hein put up a `` public swimming pool , white only '' sign at her pool .  a former tenant says the sign was put up after his biracial daughter swam in the poo .
 children 's and teen choice book awards winners announced <sec> winners of the children 's and teen choice book awards were announced wednesday night .  the winners are chosen by the target readers -- children and teens .  kate dicamillo , national ambassador for young people 's literature , hosted the ceremon .
 vatican , bodleian libraries unite to put ancient texts , bibles online <sec> the bodleian and vatican libraries are digitizing rare and ancient texts in a joint project .  the texts will be freely available online for anyone who wants to look at them .  they include greek and hebrew manuscripts and early printed book .
 bible has some shocking 'family values ' <sec> michael coogan : bible seen as unassailable divine authority , but it was written by men , not god .  written over course of 1,000 years , each writer reflecting values of his day , he writes .  much in bible rejected : slavery , women as property , pork as abomination , coogan says .  coogan : bible 's true timeless message is equal , even loving , treatment of all peopl .
 england , wales set for gay marriages in 2014 <sec> the new law allows same-sex couples to marry in civil or religious ceremonies .  the first same-sex weddings could take place as early as next summer .  the law was backed by pm david cameron but divided his conservative party .  religious organizations have to `` opt in '' if they want to perform same-sex marriage .
 three battle it out in sydney-hobart <sec> three giant yachts are battling it out for line honors in sydney-hobart classic .  new zealand 's alfa romeo leads from icap leopard and wild oats x ! .  wild oats bidding for fifth straight line honors success in 628 nautical mile tes .
 uk muslim groups condemn london slaying , urge leaders to act <sec> muslim council of britain condemns `` a truly barbaric act that has no basis in islam '' .  `` what we do n't need are knee-jerk reactions , '' says commentator mohammed ansar .  `` a lot of muslim leaders have had their heads in the sand , '' says analyst shiraz maher .  a suspect in wednesday 's woolwich killing claimed to be acting to avenge muslim death .
 s. african envoys seek to rescue shaky zimbabwe power-sharing deal <sec> visit to zimbabwe was prompted by an appeal from prime minister morgan tsvangirai .  tsvangirai asked for s. african leader 's help in solving a `` constitutional crisis '' .  tsvangirai has accused president robert mugabe of making unilateral decisions .  one delegate says visit is simply part of a `` broader task to monitor '' the situatio .
 where ann romney 's speech veered off-track <sec> catherine allgor : ann romney seems to be a political wife who is domestic and outside politics .  allgor : her speech was best when she tried to humanize her husband .  allgor : but she tried to identify with the struggles of poor and middle class and should n't have .  ann romney ca n't relate to the poor or make gop policy warm and fuzzy , allgor write .
 indian army says it killed 5 militants in kashmir <sec> troops foil the infiltration bid after they see six militants trying to enter , official says .  it occurs near the border line that divides kashmir between india and pakista .
 rwanda closes tribunals overseeing genocide prosecutions <sec> rwanda established village tribunals , known as the gacacas , to oversee cases .  gacacas courts were established to ease the burden on criminal court prosecutions .  the gacacas handled more than 1.5 million cases related to the 1994 genocide .  the genocide in rwanda left more 800,000 dea .
 north korean rocket launch said to be driven by internal pressures <sec> north korea says it will launch a rocket as early as next week .  it says it 's aimed at putting a satellite in orbit , but others say it 's a missile test .  a south korean government official says internal pressures are driving the plan .  the official cites recent statements from kim jong un evoking the idea of uprising .
 djokovic survives wawrinka epic to keep melbourne hat-trick alive <sec> defending champion novak djokovic survives five-set epic to defeat stanislas wawrinka .  serbian world no . .  1 wins 1-6 7-5 6-4 6-7 12-10 to maintain australian open defense .  david ferrer , nicolas almagro and tomas berdych all through to quarterfinals .  maria sharapova , agnieszka radwanska and li na through to last eight in women 's dra .
 apple thinks ipad photography is here to stay <sec> some say it 's dorky to take photos with a tablet .  apple adds features to improve ipad photography .  bigger smartphones may ease stigma of tablet photograph .
 official : 12 suspected al qaeda members killed in yemen <sec> official : yemen 's military is conducting an `` unprecedented '' operation against al qaeda .  `` decisive battles '' are said to be underway .  the official says yemen could use more help from `` our saudi and american friends .
 ted turner says he 's 'recuperating well ' after surgery <sec> ted turner confirms he `` underwent a minor surgical procedure due to appendicitis '' .  `` i am humbled by this experience , '' the cnn founder says .  turner was hospitalized in argentina frida .
 ed hardy : from art to infamy and back again <sec> ed hardy , the tattoo artist behind popular clothing line of the same name , released memoir in june .  hardy signed a deal giving christian audigier rights to produce products with his art .  once the height of popularity , the hardy empire fell from favor due to overexposure .  hardy is still making art and wants the public to know he is more than the clothing bran .
 are we too hooked on our phones for a driving ban ? <sec> federal board suggests a ban on phones while driving , but many balk at the idea .  many support banning texting while driving , but say hands-free , gps should remain legal .  auto industry columnist says law would be `` most ignored since prohibition .
 estonia 's success : liberal regulation , strong work ethic <sec> estonia joined the eurozone last year and is its fastest growing economy .  swiss group abb says it has skilled workers and business-friendly government .  the head of estonian cell is not confident about the future of the single currency .  he says western europe needs to adopt a stronger work ethic and farewell the welfare syste .
 obama to meet with sarkozy <sec> obama will meet with sarkozy on january 10 .  the meeting will take place at the white house .  france is heading the g-8 and g-20 in 201 .
 nz pm 's mishap is lucky break for charity <sec> auction to sell cast new zealand 's pm wore when he broke arm sold for charity .  online auction ended sunday with winning bid of nz $ 18,500 ( us $ 9,362 ) .  john key broke his arm in two places when he tripped on stairs in aucklan .
 top komen foundation leaders announce plans to leave posts <sec> the organization 's ceo says the changes have nothing to do with planned parenthood snafu .  nancy brinker will leave her job as ceo 30 years after founding susan g. komen for the cure .  the foundation 's president is also leaving the organization in september .  the announcement comes months after a controversy over funding for planned parenthoo .
 secrets from the set of 'big bang theory ' <sec> cnn visited the set of tv 's hit comedy `` the big bang theory '' .  the set is known for being filled with science , superhero and sci-fi memorabilia .  the cast told cnn about their favorite parts of the set and details fans might have misse .
 iphone app plays flash video , but does it matter ? <sec> despite widespread excitement , it turns out that skyfire is n't very useful .  the app 's primary function is to transcode that video so it 's viewable on apple products .  some flash-dependent sites that work well on skyfire , are `` daily show '' and `` colbert report .
 investigation turns up 'distressing ' issues at cdc <sec> an investigation of an anthrax incident at the cdc concludes no lab workers were exposed .  the investigation turned up another safety issue involving bird flu .  the cdc director is `` upset '' and `` angry '' that it happene .
 kenyan schoolchildren tear-gassed at playground protest <sec> the playground was walled off during the holidays , an activist says .  children were `` promised laptops not canisters of tear gas , '' tweets a kenyan politicia .
