 vaccines shunned by some as others struggle for access <sec> childhood vaccination has become muddied for some parents in developed world .  more than 880 people have been diagnosed with measles in swansea , wales .  diseases such as measles , whooping cough can kill , but vaccines are availabl .
 5 killed in suicide blast near peacekeepers in somali capital <sec> bombing appears to target peacekeeping convoy , african union official says .  the bombing is the latest in series of attacks in somalia 's capita .
 key moments in whitney houston 's life -- and last days <sec> pop superstar whitney houston 's funeral is set for saturday .  houston set numerous records during her musical and film career .  singer dies at 48 after being found unconscious in a hotel room bathtu .
 5 top tips for china first-timers <sec> try to learn a few phrases in mandarin and pack some language aids .  choose one region , or even just one province , and explore it properly .  chinese people are friendly and helpful , especially to foreigners who ca n't speak chines .
 after reports of mass bloodshed in syria , protests erupt on several continents <sec> syrian ambassador to london says protesters got into embassy , damaged furniture .  protests erupt at syrian embassies in cairo , berlin , washington and london .  they come amid reports that at least 260 people were killed in the syrian city of homs .  the u.n. security council could vote on a draft resolution on syria saturda .
 jerry springer : celebrating 20 years of 'trash tv ' <sec> `` the jerry springer show '' is celebrating 20 years on the air .  springer says his show is `` silly , crazy and has no redeeming social value '' .  author says the show appeals to viewers ' `` deep-rooted desire to see spectacle .
 nuclear launch card was missing 'for months , ' new book says <sec> former joint chiefs chairman says it happened during the clinton administration .  shelton says a card giving the president access to nuclear launch instructions went missing .  new codes were quickly given to clinton , shelton says .  efforts to contact a clinton spokesman were unsuccessful thursda .
 days ahead of trial 's start , jury in casey anthony still not settled <sec> new : two more join 10 others who are considered viable jury pool candidates .  twelve jurors and eight alternates must be picked before casey anthony 's trial .  opening arguments are planned for tuesday in orlando .  anthony is accused of killing her daughter , caylee , and then lying to investigator .
 inside the hoarder 's brain : a unique problem with decision-making <sec> brain activity of hoarders is distinct from that of people with ocd .  separate diagnosis of hoarding disorder has been proposed for dsm-5 .  hoarders show excessive activation in the anterior cingulate corte .
 agonizing wait angers kin of malaysia airlines flight 370 passengers <sec> new : relatives write heart-wrenching messages on a board inside a beijing hotel .  some family members of passengers on malaysia airlines flight 370 protest at a hotel .  security guards drag one screaming woman away through a crush of reporters .  a passenger 's brother describes the ordeal as all-consuming for relative .
 amanda peet returns to television <sec> peet 's last full-time tv gig was the acclaimed , short-lived `` studio 60 on the sunset strip '' .  her new show , `` bent , '' is a comedy .  she hopes audiences see her as a comedic actres .
 12 injured when airliner hits turbulence <sec> minor injuries reported on united airlines flight .  it hit turbulence over lake charles , louisiana .  the plane was flying from tampa , florida , to housto .
 singapore 's billion dollar home of sport <sec> the singapore sports hub is a new stadium and events complex in the southeast asian country .  the project comes in at a cost of more than $ 1 billion dollars .  sports hub has not been short of challenges including struggles with the quality of the stadium playing surfac .
 official white house photographer gets inside view <sec> pete souza is the chief official white house photographer for president obama .  souza is assistant professor of photojournalism at ohio university .  formerly with the chicago tribune , souza began following obama in 2004 .  souza : `` i look at my job as a visual historian .
 spanish princess to testify in corruption case <sec> princess cristina of spain to testify saturday .  cristina is youngest daughter of king juan carlos .  cristina and husband are accused in corruption cas .
 barcelona star abidal needs new liver <sec> barcelona defender eric abidal to have surgery to replace liver in coming weeks .  french international had surgery to remove a tumor on his liver last march .  abidal should be able to play top-level football again if surgery is successful , says u.s. transplant surgeo .
 the best and worst football mascots <sec> the 1966 world cup saw the first competition mascot named `` world cup willie '' .  willie , a lion dressed in a union jack outfit , proved a commercial success .  the euro 2012 mascot for the competition in ukraine and poland has just been unveiled .  cnn takes a look at the best and worst mascots from major football tournament .
 hinckley lawyer wants secret service report on visit <sec> surveillance records sought from visit the presidential assailant made in march .  john hinckley lawyer complains secret service provided inaccurate report .  court weighing new treatment proposal for hinckley , who shot , wounded ronald reagan .  hinckley was found not guilty in the 1981 shooting outside a washington hote .
 8 tips for surviving thanksgiving as a couple <sec> make sure to share the work load with your significant other during thanksgiving .  debrief each other on new family members and friends who may be attending your dinner .  compromising and thanking each other can help a couple get along during stressful time .
 does facebook hurt your college chances ? <sec> a survey shows more colleges are finding information online that hurts applicants .  nicolaus mills : why are n't college-bound students and their parents lashing out in anger ? .  he says colleges should tell students that what they write online can be held against them .  mills : applicants should be less naã¯ve about their facebook or google post .
 is kim jong un 's sister kim yo jong in charge ? <sec> with north korea 's leader out of public eye , sister 's profile increases .  a think-tank run by defectors says she may be temporarily leading the government .  kim yo jong is in her twenties ; she attended private school in switzerlan .
 candidates clash on gas-tax holiday <sec> sens . .  hillary clinton and john mccain back federal gas-tax holiday .  sen. barack obama says plan would do more harm than good .  north carolina gov . .  mike easley endorses clinton .  mccain in florida as part of weeklong health care tou .
 sandis ozolins : hockey veteran 's journey from soviet army to sochi <sec> sandis ozolins carried the latvian flag at the sochi games .  won 1996 stanley cup with colorado avalanches .  played in a total of 875 nhl games , scoring 167 goals .  will captain the latvian team at his third olympic game .
 states slap insurers for misleading letters <sec> commissioners in 3 states have taken action against insurance companies .  thousands of letters pressured policyholders , were incorrect or omitted exchange options .  kentucky commissioner fined humana $ 65,000 and ordered corrections mailed .  missouri also looking at humana letters ; lifewise prompts alert in washington stat .
 marquez calls out pacquiao for rematch <sec> juan manuel marquez targets another crack at filipino fighter manny pacquiao .  the mexican lost to pacquiao on points two years ago after a tie in 2004 .  he retained his wba and wbo lightweight titles against michael katsidis on saturday .  the defeated australian fought just a month after the death of his brothe .
 newspaper takes heat over haunting subway photo <sec> new : police say man `` implicated himself '' in the incident .  new york post declines to comment on photo controversy .  post draws criticism for photo of subway victim .  the man depicted in the haunting image was run down by a trai .
 they have just minutes to issue tsunami warning <sec> time is always crucial when you work as a tsunami warning scientist .  a warning can be issued anywhere from 5 to 15 minutes after a threat is identified .  at the pacific warning center , workers live on site for two days to monitor data .  after the 2004 indian ocean tsunami , warning centers operate around the cloc .
 new york plans to move 9/11 remains to spot within museum <sec> the remains will be moved this year to a new resting place with 9/11 memorial museum .  they will be kept behind a wall in an area off-limits to the public , officials tell cnn .  the decision to house remains in the museum repository has been controversia .
 how strong is hillary ? karl rove is attacking her <sec> karl rove inserts hillary clinton 's health into the political discussion .  democrats and some republicans criticize the tactic .  rove succeeds in linking the issue to another gop attack line -- benghazi .  new : bill clinton accuses rove , republicans of politicizing the benghazi attac .
 data show most firearms recovered at mexican crime scenes originate in u.s . <sec> new : sen. chuck grassley says `` most of these guns ca n't be traced to u.s. gun dealers '' .  70 % of guns traced from mexican criminal activity originated in the united states .  all the guns that were traced were passed to the u.s. from mexican officials .  gun-control advocate said figures are evidence of need for stricter gun law .
 space-age underwater hotel to be built <sec> imagine waking from your hotel bed to a dramatic underwater world .  soon the dream will be reality , with an underwater hotel to be built in the maldives .  the space-age structure looks like something from james bond , features three 'saucers ' .  developers hope to limit the impact on coral reefs with sustainable desig .
 tough sheriff 's immigration duties face limits after complaints <sec> some say his deputies ' raids were unconstitutional roundups of latinos .  sheriff : federal agency wants to limit him to checking inmates ' immigration status .  sheriff rejects allegations that he abused power , violated civil rights .  homeland security chief says he 's reacting prematurely to decisions yet to be mad .
 man city battle to share of spoils at improved liverpool <sec> champions man city held to 2-2 draw at liverpool .  city twice behind as martin skrtel and luis suarez score .  yaya toure and carlos tevez with the equalizers .  arsenal held goalless at stoke for second straight dra .
 second construction worker dies in new york crane collapse <sec> new : city suspends all construction crane activity , unveils assessment plan .  death toll rises after second construction worker dies of cardiac arrest .  one person remains critically injured in manhattan crane disaster .  collapse comes less than three months after seven killed in similar acciden .
 'snakehead ' gangs offer only escape for many n. koreans <sec> cnn 's david mckenzie spends time with recent defector from north korea .  he tells of the harrowing escape into china , only the start of his journey to south korea .  defectors forced to use smuggling gangs to escape the regime , as china will send them back .  thailand is `` the promised land , '' as authorities will send them on to south kore .
 messi reveals close ties with maradona <sec> lionel messi tells cnn he is determined to live up to high expectations in south africa .  the barcelona star has yet to reproduce his stunning club form on international stage .  he reveals that he has close relationship with his argentina coach diego maradona .  messi wears the same no . .  10 shirt as maradona and hopes to emulate his world cup succes .
 staten island ferry crash injures 10 <sec> ferry loses power and hits a pier at full speed , coast guard says .  1 person injured seriously , 9 others hurt .  accident happens at st. george terminal on north shore of staten island .  impact did not send any passengers overboard , spokesman say .
 wrestler , personality captain lou albano dies at 76 <sec> captain lou albano , known for association with cyndi lauper , dead at 76 .  albano appeared in video for `` girls just want to have fun '' .  albano was successful wrestler in '50s and '60s , later became manager .  he was also voice of one of the marios in `` super mario bros. super show .
 russian prime minister says pussy riot members should be freed <sec> russian prime minister dmitry medvedev has showed sympathy for the imprisoned members of pussy riot .  he maintained that their two-year prison sentence is excessive .  `` the term is very strong . .  i would even say a terrible burden , '' he sai .
 residents evacuated as firefighters battle blaze in parched texas <sec> new : grass fire burns in oklahoma city .  7,500 acres have burned in palo pinto county , texas .  high winds have whipped up the blaze west of dallas-fort worth .  texas is up against the worst fire season in its histor .
 misty upham 's cause of death : blunt force <sec> investigators found actress misty upham 's body at the bottom of an embankment .  the medical examiner says she died from blunt force injuries .  the manner of her death has not yet been determined , the medical examiner says .  upham 's father has said she was n't suicidal ; police say there 's no sign of foul pla .
 fast4 -- tennis ' answer to cricket 's twenty20 <sec> new , quicker format debuts in sydney .  shorter matches , new time-saving rules and shorter changeover times promise to jazz up the spor .
 12 car bombs in baghdad and kirkuk leave 29 dead , more than 120 hurt <sec> ten car bombs in baghdad explode within two hours , killing 24 people .  two car bombs in kirkuk in northern iraq kill five people .  april is deadliest month since june 2008 , united nations says .  tensions are roiling between sunnis and shiite .
 zambia mine shootings raise tensions with china <sec> two chinese men are facing attempted murder charges in the shooting of mine workers .  the unarmed miners were protesting poor labor conditions .  the shooting is the latest in a string of attacks between zambian workers and chinese managers .  'where did the chinese get the right to shoot innocent zambians , ' victim 's father ask .
 what 's so great about 'american pie ' ? <sec> manuscript of `` american pie '' lyrics is sold to unnamed buyer for $ 1.2 million .  douglas brinkley : the song , a talisman for its age , brings joy to people 44 years late .
 navy says sub leaked radiation since 2006 <sec> new : total radiation leaked less than that found in a smoke detector , navy says .  navy had earlier said uss houston leaked radioactive water for months .  leak existed since june 2006 , navy says .  uss houston visited several japanese ports , plus malaysia and singapor .
 obama touts partnership with india <sec> new : afghanistan , climate change , economy , nuclear civil deal on two leaders ' agenda .  indian prime minister manmohan singh is on first state visit of obama presidency .  singh will attend white house state dinner .  president obama accepts invitation to visit indi .
 gary sinise honors veterans yearlong <sec> gary sinise foundation serves the needs of the military community .  wounded warriors identify with sinise 's lt. dan character from `` forrest gump '' .  sinise 's passionate commitment to the military stems from his family 's servic .
 obama , harper differences over keystone pipeline on display at summit <sec> new : canada 's prime minister says a report on the pipeline is `` pretty definitive '' .  new : president obama says the state department is reviewing the report .  state judge in nebraska issues ruling that could delay work on the oil pipeline .  judge says approval by governor is unconstitutional ; should go through state commissio .
 cold case : skeletal remains may be missing hair stylist 's <sec> atlanta hair stylist leslie marva adams disappeared three years ago .  she failed to show up at her sister 's birthday party .  adams had taken out a restraining order against an ex-boyfriend .  police continue with dna tests to determine if skeletal remains are her .
 body of poisoned illinois lotto winner to be exhumed <sec> investigator want to know how cyanide entered urooj khan 's system .  he died a day after receiving winnings from $ 1 million scratch-off ticket in illinois .  cause of death has been ruled a homicide .  no arrests mad .
 meteor shows why it is crucial to keep an eye on the sky <sec> meteor explosion above russia left hundreds of people injured .  meteor came on day asteroid expected to pass 27,000 kilometers from earth .  earth is sprinkled with around 170 craters also caused by debris falling from space .  stuart says unexpected meteor shows importance of monitoring space for potential threat .
 singapore court upholds conviction against british author <sec> author alan shadrake writes a book criticizing the justice system in singapore .  the criticism leads to the contempt of court charge .  police arrest him a day after he releases his boo .
 dozens arrested in 8th day of 'occupy wall street ' protests <sec> the latest arrests include disorderly conduct and resisting arrest .  the protests started september 17 in lower manhattan .  they are aimed at drawing attention to the role of financial interests in the spiraling econom .
 afghan president says assassination attempt was planned in pakistan <sec> the attack occurred in one of the intelligence agency guesthouses in kabul .  it seriously injured national directorate of security asadullah khalid .  the taliban claimed responsibility for the thursday bombing .  pakistan 's ministry of foreign affairs cautioned karzai against assigning blam .
 oborne slams telegraph over hsbc 'fraud ' <sec> peter oborne quits the daily telegraph and accuses it of being more concerned with advertisers .  oborne : `` with the collapse in standards has come a most sinister development '' .  telegraph calls it an `` astonishing and unfounded attack , full of inaccuracy and innuendo .
 giant florida eyeball belonged to a swordfish , state says <sec> mystery eyeball probably cut from a swordfish by an angler , state wildlife agency says .  a beachcomber made the unusual find last week in pompano beach , florid .
 casey kasem and a lesson about end-of-life care <sec> millions of americans face difficult decisions at the end of a loved one 's life .  casey kasem had lewy body dementia , a progressive brain disorder .  baby boomers are turning 65 at the rate of 10,000 per da .
 'father of the internet ' : why we must fight for its freedom <sec> some 42 countries filter and censor content out of the 72 studied by the open net initiative .  according to an oecd study , the net already accounts of 13 % of american business output .  at google , cerf says the company sees dangers of a government-led net crackdown .  a state-controlled regulatory system is unnecessary and would invariably raise cost .
 bob hoskins , known for 'roger rabbit , ' dies at 71 <sec> bob hoskins was known for `` who framed roger rabbit '' and `` mona lisa '' .  hoskins often played gangsters and working-class guys .  actor first rose to fame in uk miniseries `` pennies from heaven '' .  hoskins was straightforward , told paper he loved acting `` and getting paid for it .
 japanese fishermen brace for giant jellyfish <sec> nomura 's jellyfish seen in sea of japan for third year since 2005 .  species can grow 6 feet ( 1.83 meters ) in diameter , 450 pounds ( 204 kilos ) .  tears in expensive nets can devastate communitie .
 author : watch out for 'the accident people ' <sec> author duane swierczynski talks to cnn about his new thriller , `` fun & games '' .  `` fun & games '' is the first in a trilogy .  it 's about an alcoholic house sitter who faces lethal killers .  swierczynski has written for tv 's `` csi '' and runs a website called secret dead blo .
 mystery surrounds egyptian sphinx unearthed in israel <sec> a 4,000-year-old egyptian sphinx was an unexpected find in an israel excavation site , tel hazor .  only the paws have been found so far , and the piece bears the name of a pharaoh who ruled in 2500 bc .  the normally quiet part of israel is enlivened every summer when archeologists and volunteers arrive to dig .  excavations first began in the 1950s , and numerous artifacts and documents have been unearthe .
 protests erupt for second night in st. louis <sec> new : flag burning at protest provokes strong reactions .  police make eight arrests in st. louis protests , department spokesman says .  the officer , who has not been identified , is on leave , police association lawyer says .  a 9 mm pistol allegedly fired by the teen was found at the scen .
