 japan 's rising son kei nishikori strives for top <sec> kei nishikori is the highest ranked japanese male tennis player in the open era .  the 23-year-old has climbed up to now be ranked world number 11 .  he has beaten the likes of roger fereder and novak djokovic in recent seasons .  nishikori enjoys almost rock star-like fame back in his home countr .
 'geeks on a plane ' flock to brazil <sec> a group of 42 internet investors and startup founders recently toured brazil .  geeks on a plane helps partner silicon valley with the international tech sector .  trips are also planned to eastern europe and the middle eas .
 china eases one-child policy , ends re-education through labor camps <sec> china 's top legislature approves changes to one-child policy .  couples will be allowed to have two children if one of the parents was an only child .  the national people 's congress also abolishes re-education through labor camp .
 germany to send intelligence officials to washington amid spying uproar <sec> der spiegel : u.s. spied on merkel for more than 10 years , at least until june .  nsc does n't comment on claim , says u.s gets intelligence like other nations .  german intelligence officials will visit washington , foreign ministry spokesman says .  a european summit was dominated by anger over claims of widespread u.s. spyin .
 environmental crisis plagues southern italy <sec> vbs finds documenting powerful italian crime cartel `` strange , infuriating '' .  cartel 's control of garbage disposal has resulted in environmental crisis .  mutated animals , high cancer rate among consequences of years of pollutio .
 3 dead , 7 rescued after boat capsizes off southern florida <sec> new : spokeswoman : the dutch ship was going to pick up a u.s. coast guard helicopter .  new : the dutch sailors gave those rescued to u.s. coast guard , continued to key west .  those rescued are `` suspected migrants , '' according to the u.s. coast guard .  a search continues for 2 others who may still be in the waters off west palm beac .
 city beat united in battle of manchester <sec> manchester city beat manchester united 1-0 in derby match key to title race .  city captain vincent kompany heads the game 's only goal at the end of first half .  city go top in the english premier league on goal difference with two games to play .  worldwide audience of 600 million watched the game between fierce local rival .
 u.s. moves warship , sea-based radar to watch north korea <sec> a pentagon spokesman warns against connecting ship deployment to recent tensions .  south korea warns north of `` strong response '' to any attack .  u.s. deploys f-22s to south korea as part of joint military exercises .  north korea said it was entering a `` state of war '' with the sout .
 zeppelin , stones engineer andy johns dead at 61 <sec> andy johns was engineer on several classic albums .  he worked on led zeppelin 's `` led zeppelin iv , '' rolling stones ' `` exile on main street '' .  `` 1 of the great engineer/producers of our time , '' tweeted slas .
 is wendy davis a liar or a victim ? <sec> peggy drexler : wendy davis , running for governor in texas , had discrepancies in her bio .  was she divorced at 19 or 21 , did husband help pay for school , how long did she live in trailer/ ? .  drexler : in misogynistic attacks , right wing calling her `` whore , '' worse . .  men not treated this way .  drexler : double-standard smears will help , not hur .
 roger federer beats 'baby ' pretender grigor dimitrov to reach swiss semis <sec> roger federer reaches semifinals of his home swiss indoors tournament .  former world no . .  1 defeats grigor dimitrov , once hailed as his future successor .  federer will qualify for atp world tour finals if he wins title for sixth time .  juan martin del potro , who beat him in last year 's swiss final , also advance .
 makeblock : open source 'lego for adults ' <sec> new robotics kit billed as `` lego for adults '' gives grown-ups the chance to relive youth using 21st century technology .  creator of makeblock jasen wang says open source hardware is the future of the 'maker ' revolution .  construction toys appeal to adults as well as children , and play is fundamental to learning , say expert .
 six killed in karachi explosions <sec> child is among victims at haidari market bombings .  bombs were placed in garbage container , attached to bicycle .  no indication that explosions were connected to recent u.s. protests , officials sa .
 bareheaded motorcyclist dies in helmet protest <sec> we accept `` an increased risk , '' state head of motorcycle association says .  `` i would never ride without a helmet , '' another new york motorcyclist says .  motorcycle helmet use dropped from 67 % in 2009 to 54 % in 2010 .  5,290 motorcycle fatalities were reported in 200 .
 report : dea agent made prostitute arrangement for secret service agent <sec> justice department inspector general investigated allegations .  official found dea agent facilitated sexual encounter for secret service agent .  maine senator demands informatio .
 suspect in baby killing told others about the crime , prosecutors say <sec> new : father says he feels better now that someone has been caught .  prosecutors say koman willis told others he had shot at the van holding jonylah watkins .  prosecutors said his cell phone was used in the area at the time of the killing .  he is charged with first-degree murder in the death of 6-month-old jonyla .
 38 die , 82 missing as filipino ferry sinks <sec> new : 38 people have died and 82 remain missing , the philippine coast guard says .  new : 750 passengers have been rescued .  rescue crews continue searching for survivors .  their ferry hit a cargo ship off cebu city in the southern philippine .
 photos from iraq reportedly show marines burning bodies <sec> islamic custom strictly forbids cremation .  tmz.com publishes images that purport to show marines burning human remains .  the gossip website says the photographs were shot in falluja in 2004 .  falluja was the site of some of the bloodiest fighting between u.s. forces and insurgent .
 dutch fa chief to stand against blatter for fifa presidency <sec> head of dutch soccer announces plans to stand against sepp blatter for fifa head post .  van praag voices concerns about the manner in which the body is currently being run .  dutchman is the latest in a growing number of candidates standing in a bid to topple blatte .
 beijing commuters feel the squeeze <sec> more beijing commuters shunning overcrowded subway in favor of city 's buses .  city authorities attracted more passengers to trains when ticket prices were cut .  roads still jammed while subway network is expanded ahead of olympic .
 egypt : clashes turn cairo square into bloody 'war zone ' <sec> egyptian security forces stormed two pro-morsy sit-ins early wednesday morning .  the government and muslim brotherhood said scores of people had been killed .  cnn 's reza sayah said it was the most bloodshed he 'd seen over the past six weeks .  at one point , cnn 's arwa damon came under fire while reporting from the scen .
 lockerbie bombing 25 years on : victims honored in u.s. and britain <sec> services are held in the united states and britain to remember those killed .  it 's been 25 years since pan am flight 103 exploded in the skies above lockerbie , scotland .  syracuse university remembers 35 of its students who were on the plane .  prime minister david cameron says memories of the 270 dead `` have not dimmed .
 experts : bob dylan 's long-lost newport folk festival guitar found in new jersey <sec> new jersey resident dawn peterson has a guitar experts believe belonged to bob dylan .  the fender stratocaste is believed to be the one played at the 1964 newport folk festival .  dylan says the guitar he played at that gig is in his possessio .
 i 'm a feminist and i converted to islam <sec> theresa corbin converted to islam at age 21 .  she found the religion appealed to her intellect and feminist ideals .  `` muslims come in all shapes , sizes , attitudes , ethnicities , cultures and nationalities , '' she writes .  have a personal essay of your own to share ? .  submit at cnn irepor .
 squash given chance for olympic place <sec> squash , baseball/softball and wrestling shortlisted as potential sports for 2020 olympics .  vote to be held by international olympic committee in argentina in early september .  winning candidate will be added to the 25 core sports , plus golf and rugby sevens .  ioc president jacques rogge impressed with presentations for final remaining plac .
 saudi terror network busted , government says <sec> saudi authorities arrested 88 men , the interior ministry says .  they were `` on the verge '' of implementing plotted attacks , the ministry says .  most are saudi , but three are yemeni .  59 were arrested previousl .
 celebrity chefs create mile-high menus <sec> chef heston blumenthal has helped create a menu for british airways .  blumenthal is the latest celebrity chef to contribute to in-flight menus .  others have included gordon ramsay , joel robuchon and marcus samuelsso .
 vito maggiolo : 'i challenged the chinese ' <sec> vito maggiolo was sent to beijing to help cover mikhail gorbachev 's visit to china .  `` we found ourselves covering a mini-revolution , '' he said .  when chinese officials tried to stop cnn broadcasting , he challenged them .  he argued , without success , that the letter did not have the correct `` chop '' or sea .
 ivory coast refuses to transfer former first lady simone gbagbo to icc <sec> ivory coast officials want arrest warrant against simone gbagbo dismissed .  she is accused of crimes against humanity following 2010 post-election violence .  her husband , ex-president laurent gbagbo , is in the custody of the icc .  they have denied the charge .
 bodies of pilots from crashed colombian military plane retrieved <sec> farc rebels handed over one of the bodies to red cross officials .  afterward , rebels fired homemade mortars at colombian soldiers .  the plane crashed wednesday during a visit by president santo .
 the girl who dared to tweet about gov . brownback <sec> kansas student tweeted her disapproval of gov . .  sam brownback .  governor 's office objected , and the student 's principal told her to apologize .  dean obeidallah : governor 's office impinged on free speech .  he says governor apologized , now he needs to stop monitoring social site .
 doctor who performed abortions shot to death <sec> suspect in shooting death of dr. george tiller in custody , police say .  tiller shot sunday at his church in wichita , kansas , according to police .  motive unknown ; tiller was one of few u.s. doctors performing late-term abortions .  supporters , president obama and anti-abortion groups condemn killin .
 in depth : fighting the scourge of addiction <sec> in an in depth series of reports this week , cnn looks at addiction .  whitney houston 's troubled life and death has led to the stories .  cnn anchors , experts , will examine what can be done to fight addictio .
 lindsay lohan 's next stop : skid row <sec> lohan must start work at los angeles ' downtown women 's center .  her community service also includes several weeks at the morgue .  the actress stays out of jail while her lawyer appeals the 120-day sentence .  lohan still faces trial for the necklace theft in jun .
 in sandy 's wake , help comes in unexpected ways <sec> one month after superstorm sandy 's landfall , stories of good samaritans emerge .  creative aid : impromptu broadway performance , restoring cherished photos .  you can see more ireport stories of devastation and hope in our interactive open stor .
 republicans wo n't budge on secret holds on obama nominees <sec> senate democrats seek approval of nominees they say gop is blocking .  republicans do n't deny holding up process , argue it 's allowed by senate rules .  democrats say secret holds keep obama administration from being able to effectively govern .  republicans say democrats use the same tacti .
 burglar makes off with valuable warhol , lichtenstein prints <sec> police say the suspect broke his way through a hallway wall into the home .  the residents were away during the thanksgiving weekend .  the artwork and other items are valued at as much as $ 1 millio .
 hoyer : dems 'revisiting positions ' on 'genocide ' resolution <sec> new : majority leader says a number of dems are `` revisiting their own positions '' .  turkey is upset about world war i `` genocide '' resolution in congress .  house resolution calls killing of armenians `` genocide '' .  incirlik air base is key point for u.s. military supply of iraq missio .
 pope : basilica bones belong to apostle st. paul <sec> scientific tests prove bones are those of the apostle st. paul , pope says .  vatican tomb also holds `` traces of a precious linen cloth '' .  tests were carried out by inserting probe into small opening in sarcophagu .
 opinion : brian williams may have false memory <sec> ford vox : brian williams ' is being slammed for false iraq claim , but false memories are not uncommon .  he says studies show how easily memories can be accidentally modified based on circumstances , retelling and emotio .
 in-form bjorn takes qatar masters lead <sec> thomas bjorn takes one-shot lead on penultimate day of qatar masters after a round of 66 .  the 39-year-old shot a bogey-free round to usurp austria 's markus brier at the top .  brier could not repeat friday 's 66 and finished on 69 after bogey at final hole .  defending champion robert karlsson is still in with a chance , three shots off lea .
 starz orders seth macfarlane comedy starring patrick stewart <sec> starz has picked up two seasons of seth macfarlane 's `` blunt talk '' .  the half-hour scripted comedy stars patrick stewart .  stewart will play a british newsman on a mission to conquer american cable news .  the series is expected to debut in 201 .
 chavez 's legacy looms large as venezuelan campaigns close <sec> new : capriles and maduro hold massive rallies to close their presidential campaigns .  maduro 's campaign theme song features hugo chavez 's voice .  capriles has criticized maduro for `` hiding behind '' chavez .  shortly before his death , chavez tapped maduro to be his successo .
 rx for those bankrupted by medical crisis <sec> authors tell story of kerry and patrick burns , who lost home , went bankrupt after son died .  authors : couple took time off work to be with son and were left with huge medical bills .  authors cite study that 62 percent of 2007 personal bankruptcies were medical .  they write medical bankruptcy fairness act would help people in such a crisis get fresh star .
 questions raised after seal 's identity revealed <sec> fox news , ap reveal true name of author who wrote book on bin laden raid .  cnn was asked by pentagon not to reveal seal 's identity .  officials concerned that information could jeopardize former colleagues , family .  seal is now retired after more than 10 years of military servic .
 has energy-hungry turkey finally solved 'the kurdish problem ' ? <sec> syria 's war has created rift between turkey and energy suppliers iran and russia .  turkey negotiating deals with kurdish energy firms to fill fuel gap .  turkey has also established state-backed firm to explore for oil and gas in northern ira .
 report : police probe death at swedish prime minister 's residence <sec> new : police : a death at the residence of the swedish prime minister is not linked to terrorism .  new : the man who died is not connected to the swedish government , police say .  prime minister fredrik reinfeldt was not present when the death occurred , his office say .
 al qaeda threatens france for perceived anti-burqa stance <sec> threatening statement posted on radical islamic web sites .  statement threatens to take revenge `` by every means and wherever we can '' .  french lawmakers to consider whether burqa threatens french secularism .  panel set up after president sarkozy says burqa not welcome in franc .
 opinion : u.s. needs to help bring back kidnapped girls <sec> sen. amy klobuchar argues that the u.s. must help lead the effort to rescue the kidnapped nigerian girls .  more than 200 girls were abducted earlier this month , many have reportedly been sold .  the militant group boko haram has claimed responsibilit .
 threats against judges mushrooming , marshals say <sec> threats against judges , prosecutors are on the rise .  u.s . .  marshals service is responsible for protecting federal judges .  marshals grapple with question : is it free speech , or is it a threat ? .  one judge sees rise of extreme partisanship as possible cause of increased threat .
 libyan rebels advancing 'meter by meter ' in misrata , witness reports <sec> new : gadhafi 's gunners pound misrata neighborhoods , journalist says .  new : despite the bombardment , the rebels `` are not giving up an inch '' .  a red cross aid ship docks in misrata , while u.s. aid reaches benghazi .  54 somalis are dead or feared dead in the latest refugee boat tragedy from liby .
 could siri say 'dump him ' ? <sec> the web is set to change our lives in numerous ways , the use of artificial intelligence to language translation and more .  futurist gerd leonhard says machines may eventually know us so well they will tell us when to break off a date .  humans will become addicted to digital machines because they are so powerful and easy to use .  but that will create fears around privacy and lead to discussions on ethics and how we control the powe .
 taliban will not talk peace with karzai government , spokesman says <sec> new : senior u.s. officials : the united states and the taliban may hold new talks this month .  a taliban spokesman says they will not meet with afghanistan 's `` puppet '' government .  zabiullah mujahid writes in an e-mail that the taliban want direct talks with americans .  the rejection of a key american condition could derail negotiating effort .
 prix de l'arc de triomphe : why horse racing is 'big in japan ' <sec> japan bid to end their prix de l'arc de triomphe hoodoo at sunday 's big race .  english derby winner ryan moore talks of football stadium-like mentality in japanese racing .  public obsesses about kizuna jockey yutaka take , likened to the david beckham of the sport .  horse-breeding program ensures the best animals are brought in from around the glob .
 moms gone wild : '40-year-old reversion ' <sec> author and mother amy sohn wrote recently that bored moms are turning to drugs and affairs .  shanon cook says mothers looking for excitement through sex and substances is n't new .  cook admits to having too much to drink and acting wild herself post-baby .  cook says blowing off steam is necessary , but there is a point of no retur .
 prosecutors : nypd officer conspired to kidnap , cook , eat women <sec> new : the defendant does n't enter a plea and is being held without bail .  new : the alleged plans on the six-year nypd vet 's computer were `` just talk , '' his lawyer says .  prosecutors say he illegally accessed a crime database to find potential victims .  valle had photos and info on his computer about each woman , prosecutors sa .
 lax suspect shot tsa officer , walked away , then returned to shoot him <sec> new : prosecutor : the suspect shot tsa officer , went away , came back , shot officer again .  he wrote that he wanted to `` instill fear '' in tsa employees , fbi official says .  fbi : 5 people total were shot , including 3 tsa officers and a civilian .  the suspect is `` unresponsive , '' has n't answered questions , fbi official add .
 sony exec sees value in a playstation phone <sec> a sony executive declined to address rumors about the playstation phone .  he indicated that the playstation portable system could be due for a change .  specifically , only connecting to the internet via wi-fi can be limiting , he sai .
 hepatitis c case linked to oklahoma dentist 's office <sec> one case of patient-to-patient transmission of hepatitis c linked to dental practice .  four cases of hiv have been identified and are undergoing genetic testing at the cdc .  investigators shut down w. scott harrington 's practice in marc .
 weight loss success : woman inspires thousands <sec> danyeil durrant started to lose weight to prevent a heart attack .  she works out at the gym daily and inspires others to do the same .  `` i am very proud of my muscles , '' she say .
 results from iranian presidential election start to trickle in <sec> new : centrist candidate rouhani is top vote-getter in very early results .  state media reports about 70 % voter turnout in a nation of 50 million eligible voters .  if no candidate gets a majority , there will be a runoff next week .  the last election resulted in bloody street protests known as the `` green movement .
 senior spelling bee champ shares his secrets for staying sharp <sec> the aarp national spelling bee started in 1996 to motivate members to keep minds sharp .  each type of memory is affected differently as we age , experts say .  eating right , exercising and engaging the mind can help slow the aging proces .
 elephant kills keeper at springfield , missouri , zoo <sec> new : `` very sad day , '' zoo says in statement .  a zookeeper dies after being charged by an elephant .  john philip bradford was 30-year veteran of a missouri zoo .  the incident comes a week after the zoo 's elephant matriarch die .
 wind farm gets us approval despite controversy <sec> federal aviation administration says the planned project off cape cod is safe for air traffic .  republican congressional committee chairman says the agency was under political pressure .  residents have mounted fierce opposition to wind farm , saying it would threaten wildlife .  the faa says its decision to approve the project was based solely on safet .
