 u.s. marine held after death of transgender woman <sec> a spokesperson identifies the deceased as jeffrey laude , also known as jennifer .  her body was reportedly found before midnight saturday , with signs of strangulation .  a u.s. marine is being held on a warship ; an investigation in under wa .
 chinese media accentuates positives of xi 's trip <sec> chinese media plays up positives of xi 's u.s. visit .  muted commentary on issues such as human rights and syria .  chinese media says obama deflecting criticism of his domestic policie .
 rain , terrain slow recovery efforts after uganda landslide <sec> about 300 people were missing and feared dead after monday 's landslide .  hundreds of rescuers used shovels to dig in a desperate search for survivors .  the landslide occurred near mount elgon , on the kenya-uganda borde .
 samsung : galaxy s5 out by april , may scan your eyes <sec> samsung says its galaxy s5 phone will be released by april .  vice president says it may have eye-scanning tech .  new galaxy gear smartwatch will come at same time , lee says .  the galaxy s5 will have a different desig .
 report lists america 's 10 most endangered rivers <sec> report : rivers in alaska , california and georgia are among the 10 most endangered .  report released tuesday by american rivers , a leading river-conservation group .  waterways from past american rivers ' endangered lists have been preserve .
 bullying victim : 'i believed that i did not deserve to live ' <sec> joey kemmerling says decision to reveal his sexual orientation triggered bullying at school .  coming out evoked a firestorm of vicious taunts and life threats , joey says .  teen began a facebook page for bullying victims to share their storie .
 subway explosion in chile injures 14 <sec> new : 14 injured , authorities say .  the explosion was set off at a subway station in an upper-class neighborhood .  top government officials calls the bombing `` an act of terrorism '' .  cnn chile reports the explosive device was inside a trash bi .
 a grandson commemorates a real-life 'monuments man ' <sec> `` the monuments men '' movie rekindles memories of a grandfather 's army service .  in 1946 , seymour pomrenze oversaw a depot of cultural artifacts looted by nazis .  pomrenze 's job was to get them back to the countries and institutions they belonged to .  the depot , under him and his successors , managed to return more than 3 million object .
 know your blood pressure and protect your heart <sec> about 35 million american women have high blood pressure ; a third do n't know it .  forty-three percent of african-american women have hypertension .  weight loss , excercise and cutting salt in diet can help lower blood pressur .
 hit isis targets in syria ? not so fast <sec> administration considers hitting isis targets in syria .  but there are political , international law questions .  and intervention could have other effect .
 fda warns consumers about fake ebola drugs <sec> fda sends warning letters to three companies selling ebola products .  internet companies claim they can treat , prevent or even cure the deadly disease .  there is no approved drug or treatment for ebol .
 google and super-powerful phones the stars of mobile show <sec> manufacturers struggling to stand out in the mobile-obsessed tech industry , says jason jenkins .  jenkins says android operating system contributes to `` sameness '' .  phone makers including more power , but he questions whether consumers need i .
 why marrying for love should never mean death <sec> a sudanese court sentenced a pregnant 27 year old woman to death this week .  her crime was she married a christian man , affirming her faith in christianity .  unfortunately , this does not come as a surprise , write maajid nawaz and ghaffar hussain .  certain countries are lurching towards inane interpretations of sharia law , they sa .
 obama expresses regret for strike killing afghan boys <sec> new : obama expresses regret for the deaths of the afghan boys .  helicopters mistakenly killed nine boys chopping wood .  civilian casualties have hurt the coalition 's efforts over the years .  more than 60 civilians were killed during a february operatio .
 t-mobile 's $ 200 tablet to compete with kindle fire <sec> t-mobile unveils springboard to compete with amazon 's fire and apple 's ipad .  the new 7-inch 4g tablet is set at a competively low price of about $ 200 .  it will include a 1.2-ghz dual-core processor and a 5-megapixel front-facing camer .
 report : china calls on north korea to enter nuclear talks <sec> china 's president strongly urged north korea to return to the negotiating table .  `` stick to solving problems through dialogue and consultation , '' xi jinping says .  kim jong un 's personal envoy said north korea was open to talk .
 195 days later , body found in sunken sewol ferry <sec> body found inside women 's bathroom in sunken sewol ferry .  nine remain missing after the deadly sinking in april 1 .
 pakistan : trio held after deadly blast kills 27 <sec> new : three attackers among the dead , city official says .  at least 27 killed , more than 250 wounded , according to officials .  attack reduces police building in lahore to rubble .  vehicle packed with explosives detonated by building with at least 50 people insid .
 roommates , 'a really great kid ' among victims <sec> authorities identify three additional victims of santa barbara county rampage .  they were found dead with multiple stab wounds in the suspect 's apartment .  one victim 's father slams politicians , nra in emotional comments to media .  elliot rodger , 22 , killed six people in santa barbara county , authorities sa .
 shirley manson does n't care if garbage is 'not your kind of people ' <sec> `` not your kind of people '' is garbage 's first album in seven years .  `` i think we 've come to the realization that it 's ok to be a bit odd , '' says shirley manson .  over the course of four cds , the group sold 13 million albums worldwid .
 michael moore : capitalism has proven it 's failed <sec> filmmaker michael moore takes on capitalism in his latest documentary .  moore says wall street took our money and made bets with it .  moore : richest 1 percent in america are wealthier than bottom 95 percent combine .
 comic imagines world of super secret military unit <sec> nathan edmondson set out to write fictional account of super secret u.s. troops .  he says after he consulted with military members , he realized there was truth in his tales .  unit has never actually been acknowledged by military .  navy seals have been consultants for recent stories , taking a plot and giving it detail .
 daughter rushes to haitian doctors ' home to help victims <sec> two doctors in port-au-prince turn their home into a makeshift clinic after quake .  doctors ' relatives in u.s. , including their army daughter , arrive to help .  food , medical supplies remain constantly low , they say .  survivor on being trapped : `` i heard footsteps overhead '' -- searchers walking on rubbl .
 navy aircraft carriers ' crew : 'the three presidents ' <sec> 1,200 sailors to go through a three-hull swap , serving aboard three different carriers in one tour of duty .  crew members will serve on three carriers named after presidents .  the swap will take them from japan , around south america to virginia , and then back west to san dieg .
 'bones ' extra sues david boreanaz for sex harassment <sec> new : boreanaz rep calls the suit `` totally fabricated and absurd '' .  `` struggling actress '' claims `` bones '' actor sexually harassed her .  woman says boreanaz offered to `` make things happen for her '' .  lawsuit : boreanaz used `` star power '' to entice wome .
 man killed in d.c. metro crash ordered jets above capitol on 9/11 <sec> maj. gen. david f. wherley jr. deployed pilots on september 11 , 2001 .  wherley , wife , seven others killed in monday 's crash of two d.c. metro trains .  wherley was commanding general of d.c. national guard from 2003 to 2008 .  `` he was as fine a public servant ... as anyone '' i 've met , washington mayor say .
 bad boy bastareaud inspires france win <sec> mathieu bastareaud scores two tries on return from international rugby wilderness .  france defeat scotland 18-9 in their opening six nations match in edinburgh .  it was center bastareaud 's first start since admitting he had lied about an assault in new zealand .  the 21-year-old was banned three months after finally admitting he fell over while drun .
 son : joe paterno has lung cancer <sec> new : treatment options include surgery , radiation and chemotherapy .  joe paterno has developed a treatable form of lung cancer , his son says .  paterno is the winningest coach in division i college football history .  paterno has said he wished he had done more after hearing sex abuse allegatio .
 grief , solidarity after 'deadliest day ' for houston firefighters <sec> new : friend says 24-year-old firefighter who died was `` very passionate , very strong '' .  new : 5 of 13 injured firefighters are still in the hospital , fire department captain says .  new : houston firefighters are struggling to cope with the loss of their colleagues , he adds .  official : more firefighters have died in 2013 in texas than in last 5 years combine .
 marines killed in nevada training explosion were all under age 26 <sec> those killed hail from seven states .  one had been in the marines since 2008 , another joined a few months ago .  8 were injured in the explosion , one of them `` very seriously , '' the marines said .  authorities still do n't know why the mortar system `` failed to function as designed .
 unhappy with sex services ? do n't call us , singapore says <sec> singapore 's foreign minister posts odd consular requests on facebook .  cases include a man who alleged racial discrimination over size of fried chicken .  k shanmugam : `` we have to draw a line between what is personal responsibility and what 's not '' .  other foreign offices complain of misguided requests , outlandish querie .
 'strip club bill ' a no-brainer <sec> gop house bill bans welfare recipients from aid in strip clubs and casinos .  lz granderson : the 26 democrats who voted against house bill need to hang it up .  lz : only half of 1 % of benefits were withdrawn this way in california , but so what ? .  lz : senate should pass the bill . .  americans do n't want tax dollars spent in strip club .
 obama seeks revisions to afghanistan plans , sources say <sec> obama discusses options with war council wednesday afternoon .  one confirmed option calls for sending about 34,000 u.s. troops to afghanistan .  discussions include how afghan president hamid karzai figures into strategy .  obama has not decided the number of u.s. troops he will send , white house officials sa .
 tarantino refiles suit against gawker over 'hateful eight ' script <sec> last month , a federal judge dismissed his original suit .  the suit seeks more than $ 1 million .  `` this time they went too far , '' tarantino says , of gawke .
 american gets 2.5 years for insulting thai monarchy <sec> new : state department spokesman says u.s. `` troubled '' by case outcome .  gordon was arrested in may for posting a link on his blog to a banned book .  gordon 's guilty plea leads to his lenient sentence , his lawyer says .  the king has pardoned foreigners in similar cases in the pas .
 seven south florida surprises <sec> the coral castle is a temple to lost love .  four-wheeled fantasies are abundant in the dezer collection 's .  find a sampling of japan in delray beac .
 iraq : what u.s. can realistically do ( opinion ) <sec> former cia analysts : after 10 years , u.s. has limited ability to change things in iraq .  they say the u.s. goal should be to contain the problem and prevent catastrophe .  analysts : u.s. is right to address humanitarian crisis on mount sinjar .  america must ensure that isis does n't acquire chemical , biological weapons , they sa .
 monaco grand prix : winner mark webber on monte carlo 's sensory overload <sec> monaco is the only f1 race in motorsport 's prestigious `` triple crown '' .  two-time winner mark webber says fans are so close drivers can see familiar faces .  australian says drivers feel the track in `` butt , hips and back '' at monte carlo .  `` it is a bit of a zoo , '' says webber of showpiece race , which attracts rich and famou .
 heat wave settles in the south , gives break to northeast <sec> the national weather service has taken down heat advisories in some states .  high pressure over the plains is keeping the weather pattern stable , allowing heat to build .  the heat wave could harm crops , especially corn .  parts of new jersey and new york also reported record high .
 costa doubles up as froome takes big step towards overall victory <sec> rui costa wins 19th stage of tour de france .  second stage win of this year 's race for movistar rider .  chris froome maintains big lead in overall race standings .  lampre riders -- including damiano cunego -- charged in italy of doping offence .
 hong kong 's 'shameful ' treatment of refugees exposed <sec> advocates say hong kong government policies make refugees ' lives 'a living hell ' .  barred from work , refugees are given poor housing , meager food , and little medical care .  refugees wait years for their claims to be processed , but are almost always rejected .  human rights advocates say hong kong 's international reputation is at ris .
 amid much speculation , cuba state media releases message from fidel castro <sec> long silence from fidel castro had fueled speculation about his health .  son alex : `` the comandante is well , following his daily routine '' .  there were no new images of castro , 86 , released wednesday .  castro reportedly congratulated doctors graduating from a cuban medical institut .
 q & a : the uk political system explained <sec> a general election must take place in the uk at least every five years .  the power of the monarchy has gradually dwindled since the 17th century .  power in the uk parliament rests with the lower house , known as the commons .  the last parliament where no party had a majority was in 1974 -- analysts predict it will happen in 201 .
 china demolishes 'love land ' sex park <sec> love land was to display giant replica genitals and photo gallery on history of sex .  the park was to include sex-technique workshops and sex education .  reactions posted on the internet were varied , according to the china dail .
 this brain hat helps the paralyzed make music <sec> eduardo miranda has created a system which allows people to make music using their eyes .  the system uses electrodes and was inspired by people suffering from paralysis .  the musician and professor has a research lab at the university of plymout .
 the spanish town defined by fine dining <sec> visiting arzak restaurant is one of the highlights of a san sebastian culinary tour .  arzak is run by 71-year-old juan mari arzak , who has had a michelin star for 40 years , and his daughter .  bar nestor sells a tortilla so popular it 's usually sold out within 15 minute .
 california teen allegedly held captive on marijuana 'farm ' <sec> two suspects make brief court appearances .  a teen tells authorities she worked on a marijuana `` farm '' in california .  she says she was placed in a coffin-like box by two men and held for hours .  she reports both men `` engaged in multiple sex acts with her .
 a fight for rights in alabama <sec> some judges in alabama are opposing same-sex marriages .  donna brazile : the u.s. supreme court should make a clear ruling in favor of gay marriag .
 which beach to choose this winter ? <sec> it 's time to think about a sunny getaway .  fodor 's beach finder tool helps travelers pick destinations that fit their preferences .  share photos of your favorite beaches on ireport.co .
 borger : why gingrich withdrew 'racist ' label <sec> gloria borger : newt gingrich backed off his charge sonia sotomayor is a racist .  she says gingrich angered senate republicans with his harsh language .  borger : study of judge 's decisions shows she usually rejects discrimination claims .  she says sotomayor disagreed with judicial colleagues only four out of 100 time .
 less sex , more tv idea aired in india <sec> an indian idea to curb its population growth is raising eyebrows .  health minister suggested late night tv could make people too tired for sex .  population expert says the idea has some merits .  but parents are not so sure the plan would wor .
 best cruises for kids from toddlers to teens <sec> disney cruises top the lists for younger children .  royal caribbean more popular with older kids .  carnival offers special shore excursions for teen .
 uk teen jailed for 22 years in plot to kill soldier <sec> brusthom ziamani gets 22 years in prison in plot to kill a soldier , police officer or official .  police found a knife and hammer in ziamani 's backpack when he was arreste .
 a month of outrage later , senate passes sandy relief <sec> new : obama says he 'll sign the storm relief bill `` as soon as it hits my desk '' .  the senate approves a $ 50 billion relief package for superstorm sandy victims .  senators voted down a call to offset that spending with other cuts .  the house 's failure to vote on relief in december outraged politicians from both partie .
 building near world trade center site cleared after suspicious package found <sec> new : police give the all-clear ; the package contained a novelty or inert grenade .  new york police investigate a suspicious package in the building .  the package was found in the building 's mail room .  the building is across from the former world trade center sit .
 george mcgovern admitted to hospice <sec> mcgovern ran for president in 1972 against richard nixon .  he served three terms in the senate , representing south dakota .  no details were released about his conditio .
 cleanup under way after storms tear through southern mississippi <sec> new : hattiesburg tornado was packing 170 mph winds , weather service says .  more than a dozen people are injured , including two critically ; no deaths are reported .  mississippi gov . .  phil bryant declares a state of emergency for affected counties .  about 4,000 customers are without electricity , mississippi power say .
 breastfeeding is intuitive and easy ? no ! <sec> time magazine published a controversial article about attachment parenting .  orit avishai : not all women can be 'mom enough ; ' breastfeeding is not for all women .  she thought breastfeeding was intuitive and cheap , but found it to be difficult and expensive .  avishai : given the realities of juggling career and family , it 's ok to be 'good enough .
 how europe is dealing with online privacy <sec> poll says 72 % of europeans are concerned about how companies use personal data .  viviane reding : the current data protection rules in europe are badly outdated .  reding : i propose new online privacy rules that will help both consumers and businesses .  reding : our confidence in a digital future will depend on how well we protect personal dat .
 gop-led house votes to hold former irs official in contempt <sec> contempt vote fell almost entirely along party lines in republican-controlled house .  former irs official lois lerner has exercised her fifth amendment rights in testimony .  the vote sets up a possible legal fight between congress and the obama administration .  the house has aggressively investigated irs targeting of conservative group .
 internet explorer 's share of web traffic drops below 50 % <sec> safari 's hold on 62.17 % of mobile traffic has reduced ie 's overall share .  microsoft browser 's diminishing share ( 49.6 % ) reflects mobile absence .  as of october , firefox is the second most popular web browse .
 ronaldo on target as portugal avoid upset in luxembourg <sec> cristiano ronaldo 's portugal have to come from behind to beat luxembourg 2-1 .  italy held to 2-2 draw in bulgaria with pablo osvaldo scoring twice for visitors .  england win 5-0 in moldova in first qualifying match for manager roy hodgson .  germany , france and the netherlands also secure opening win .
 obama hails achievements of nuclear summit , but says more work needed - cnnpolitics.com <sec> `` it has not just been talk , it has been action , '' obama says of the nuclear summit .  obama : the u.s. is doing its part , too , with installation of more radiation detection equipment .  ukraine gave up its highly enriched uranium in 201 .
 liberia 's human-powered wooden trains <sec> liberia has a unique transport system - the `` make-a-rail '' train .  officially known as the liberian express , it is a wooden train pushed by operators and passengers .  while the `` make-a-rail '' is cheap and environmentally friendly , pushing the train is hard wor .
