 rory mcilroy misses out on $ 2.5 million wedding gift for caroline wozniacki <sec> rory mcilroy two shots off the lead at the dubai desert classic after a 69 on saturday .  former world no . .  1 comes close to earning a $ 2.5 million prize for a hole-in-one .  he is upstaged by defending champion stephen gallacher , who shoots third-round 63 .  top-ranked tiger woods in a tie for 37th , 11 shots back after carding two-under-par 7 .
 dwyane wade and gabrielle union announce engagement <sec> nba star dwyane wade gets engaged to actress gabrielle union .  wade announces the engagement on twitter and instagra .
 back in the ussr ? spying and control in the new crimea <sec> life under total surveillance and control now the norm in crimea , says writer .  old soviet practice of denunciation has become commonplace , he says .  he writes : the harder life gets in crimea , the more people support puti .
 natalee holloway 's mother meets with van der sloot <sec> van der sloot 's attorney provides insight into the conversation .  peruvian news program reports van der sloot called off the meeting .  van der sloot is jailed in peru accused of murdering a peruvian student .  dutch journalist says he visited the jail with natalee holloway 's mothe .
 3 afghan soldiers missing in us now in custody <sec> new : the three missing afghan officers are in custody at u.s.-canada border .  new : they are now being questioned by federal authorities .  this is the second incident in which afghan soldiers went missing in the united state .
 'sail-plane ' to attempt world speed record <sec> half sailboat , half plane will attempt to break the 50-knot sailing speed barrier .  pilot sean langman crashed dangerously last year but is confident he can make it .  `` wot rocket '' uses technology called `` supercavitation : '' sailing just above the wate .
 pacific reef shark populations plummeting , study says <sec> new study provides estimates on reef shark populations near islands in pacific ocean .  marine scientists find reef shark numbers dramatically reduced around inhabited islands .  over 1600 surveys make up study which forms part of noaa pacific monitoring progra .
 u.s. hikers to stand trial sunday in iran <sec> lawyer masoud shafii says he was denied access to the hikers saturday .  shane bauer and josh fattal have been in custody since july 2009 .  a third hiker , sarah shourd , was released on bail in septembe .
 israel halts plan that would displace bedouins <sec> israel halted a controversial plan that would have displaced tens of thousands of bedouins .  the plan , which angered the bedouins , did not get enough votes in parliament .  the aim was to integrate the historic farming community more into israeli societ .
 battered britain awaits more bad weather <sec> more severe flooding forecast in wet and windy britain .  fourteen severe flood warnings issued along river thames .  england suffered the wettest january in 248 years .  government has come under pressure for its handling of the crisi .
 bangladesh breaks human flag record <sec> bangladesh sets new record for world 's largest flag .  more than 27,000 students and members of the army held placards .  organizers attempted the record on bangladesh 's victory da .
 nadal makes winning return in chile <sec> fifth-ranked rafael nadal triumphs in comeback match in chilean tournament .  spaniard teams up with juan monaco to win doubles tie in vina del mar open .  he will play his opening singles match against federico del bonis on wednesday .  nadal had been sidelined for seven months due to longterm knee problem .
 explosions rock british council in afghan capital <sec> new : new zealand premier offers condolences to family of slain service member .  16 people were wounded in the attack .  police say five militants attacked the british counci .
 sex , hiv and the politics of clean needles <sec> elizabeth pisani says obama 's embrace of science in setting health policy is encouraging .  but political and moral ideology , she says , often wars with science-based policy .  data show that giving drug users clean needles stalls hiv 's spread , she says .  pisani : science-based solutions must be made politically workable to be implemente .
 football offers poland chance to shine <sec> doubts persist about poland and ukraine 's ability to stage tournament in 2012 .  polish fa fighting corruption claims within its domestic league .  other issues include inadequate stadiums and a poor transport infrastructure .  uefa warned both countries to speed up its progres .
 camille grammer details ex-boyfriend fight ; restraining order granted <sec> fight started with `` text messages and phone calls from another woman , '' grammer says .  `` i wake up at least twice per night with visions of his face as he was attacking , '' she says .  `` he told me i was going to hell , '' grammer says .  no charges have been filed , but the investigation continues , police sa .
 irs files tax lien against lionel richie <sec> the lien is for unpaid taxes .  `` it 's being handled immediately , '' richie say .
 creating a first stop for veterans ' families <sec> roy foster was recognized as a top 10 cnn hero of 2009 for his work with veterans .  foster 's stand down house helps veterans struggling with homelessness and addiction .  his organization recently expanded to help women veterans and veterans ' families .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2010 cnn heroe .
 stay true to yourself , advises previous woman winner of nobel peace prize <sec> 1997 peace prize winner jody williams was thrilled to learn three women had won .  williams heard the news after spending all night working on an issue about women 's rights .  williams , who is american , worked on behalf of a campaign that banned land mines .  her advice to the women recognized with nobel peace prize : stay true to who you ar .
 bangkok 's floods : a tale of two cities <sec> floodwaters from north thailand show little sign of disappearing quickly .  residents in outlying areas have been living in water for almost a month .  a factory owner is trying to keep floods out of his warehouse .  he feels compelled to help stranded people nearb .
 copter crash kills 16 in afghanistan , nato says <sec> civilian contracted helicopter crashes during takeoff in kandahar , nato says .  all of the dead were civilians , nato says ; conditions of 5 other casualties unknown .  chopper owned by russian air company , according to russian news agency interfax .  u.s. military helicopter also makes hard landing ; personnel get medical treatmen .
 texas da , wife killed 2 months after deputy 's slaying <sec> new : investigators find various shell casings from a .223-caliber rifle , a source says .  new : the kaufman county district attorney 's office will be closed monday .  kaufman county da mike mclelland and his wife , cynthia , are found dead in their home .  two months ago , mclelland 's deputy was shot to death outside the county courthous .
 uk granny spain 's answer to susan boyle <sec> british grandmother stuns talent show with athletic salsa performance .  75-year-old paddy jones performs backflips , lifts and spins to win title .  victory echoes that of susan boyle who shot to fame after appearing on `` britain 's got talent '' .  jones reportedly said : `` it 's crazy -- life has just turned upside down .
 more than 700 suffer food poisoning after mexican political rally <sec> authorities are testing food and drink samples from the event .  health secretary : nearly all of the more than 700 patients have been treated and released .  one victim tells a cnn affiliate she felt sick after eating egg taco .
 airport charges passengers for cool air <sec> venezuela 's simon bolivar international airport of maiquetia demands $ 18 for air conditioning .  airport says its new air-con unit protects passenger health and adds ozone to the atmosphere .  people have taken to twitter to question new measure , criticize other facilities at the airpor .
 ask the expert : greenwashing <sec> email your questions on ethical shopping and green products to scot case .  case is an expert on ethical marketing and exposing company `` greenwashing '' .  read the 'ask the expert ' q & a on carbon tradin .
 jeb bush & rand paul 's post-romney moves - cnnpolitics.com <sec> jeb bush 's post-romney new hampshire calculations .  rand paul 's weekend travel plans & surprising strategies .  gop immigration showdown : figuring out how `` to cave .
 freed american arrives home from north korea <sec> aijalon mahli gomes lands on american soil after months in a north korean jail .  the family thanks former president carter for securing gomes ' release .  carter did not make any immediate comments about his trip .  gomes was sentenced to 8 years of hard labor for illegal entry to north kore .
 andrew wyeth , 'christina 's world ' painter , dies <sec> new : bush says wyeth 's work `` captured america '' .  wyeth died in his sleep at home in pennsylvania at 91 .  his most famous painting is that of a young girl in a field .  his `` helga '' portraits were first shown in 198 .
 study questions benefit of yearly mammograms <sec> a new study suggests mammograms find some tumors that would n't be a problem .  but those tumors must be treated as doctors do n't know which ones are harmless .  researchers say mammograms also fail to catch some dangerous tumors .  the american cancer society says the study must be `` viewed with caution .
 the united states is still getting rid of its chemical weapons <sec> the united states still has more than 3,000 tons of chemical weapons .  it agreed to destroy all of its stockpile in the 1990s .  it expects the remaining 10 % to be eliminated in another decade .  syria has a year to get rid of its estimated 1,000 tons of chemical weapon .
 coalition soldiers killed in afghanistan <sec> britain : soldiers die in roadside bomb explosions while on foot patrol in helmand province .  soldiers belong to 3rd battalion , the yorkshire regiment .  one spanish soldier killed , six others wounded in separate attack .  spain has more than 800 troops in afghanistan as part of nato-led missio .
 a reflective cdc director talks about how his agency is handling ebola <sec> the cdc 's dr. thomas frieden talks about the lowest moment of the ebola epidemic for him .  `` the situation was n't going to be as simple or as controlled as we thought it would be , '' he says .  frieden says he is working around the clock to beat the epidemi .
 rand paul talks climate change with bill maher <sec> rand paul says he wants the marketplace to determine alternative sources of energy .  kentucky senator hails from coal country and has taken a tough stance on the `` war on coal '' .  paul was appearing on bill maher 's hbo talk sho .
 parties , piñatas and penguins : independence day , central america style <sec> guatemala , el salvador , honduras , nicaragua and costa rica celebrate on september 15 .  mexico celebrate its independence day , sometimes referred to as el grito , on september 16 .  ireporters from all six countries shared their best independence photo .
 alaskan oil and wildlife : it 's not either/or <sec> rebecca rimel , dale hall : national petroleum reserve has abundant wildlife and oil .  new plan would open half the alaska reserve ( 11.8 million acres ) to oil , gas leasing .  writers : wildlife such as caribou , bears , eagles , whales , polar bears would be protected .  they say the plan balances energy exploration needs and conservation concern .
 etiquette 101 : talking politics over thanksgiving dinner <sec> it 's possible to talk politics with family over turkey in a respectful conversation , experts say .  anna post : avoid polarizing language ; focus on positions you can defend with facts .  know your limit , and devise an exit strategy if conversation takes turn for worst , post says .  keep in mind that not everyone agrees on same set of facts , expert say .
 what media got wrong on robin williams ' suicide <sec> there have been many news reports on actor robin williams since his death this week .  paul farmer says reports of shock and disbelief moved on to salacious speculation .  farmer says media in the uk gave unnecessary detail about the manner of his death .  journalists need to take into account the impact their reporting can have , he say .
 opinion : elephants slaughtered for trinkets and terrorism <sec> rob portman : the world almost killed off elephants completely before the ban on ivory in 1989 .  portman : poaching has returned with a vengeance , fueled by demand for ivory in china .  ivory trade raises money for a wing of al qaeda and lord 's resistance army terrorism .  portman : tens of thousands of elephants killed a year ; we need to strengthen legislatio .
 turkey mine search ends with 301 confirmed victims of fire <sec> search efforts are now over with a confirmed death toll of 301 , government officials say .  `` if you boo the country 's prime minister , you get slapped , '' turkey 's pm says in video .  mine owner says the soma site met the standards required by turkish law .  ruling party spokesman says pm 's aide kicked a protester after he was attacked by hi .
 no , clinton did n't go to canada with 65 secret service agents - cnnpolitics.com <sec> a security supervisor said `` approximately 65 agents '' traveled to canada with hillary clinton .  that report was picked up by conservative media and an anti-clinton group .  `` this number is grossly inaccurate and exaggerated , '' a secret service source tells cn .
 alpine world cup : schild makes ski history in front of home fans <sec> maria schild wins a record 35th world cup slalom race on sunday .  austrian moves past vreni schneider with her second successive win .  she is now targeting compatriot annemarie moser-proll 's 36 in any discipline .  aksel lund svindal extends men 's lead with donwhill victory in bormi .
 bangkok grenade attacks turn deadly <sec> new : death toll revised downward ; emergency center says at least 87 wounded .  three grenades land on roof of elevated train station , official says .  pro-government demonstrators mobilize to support abhisit then disperse .  protesters demand pm to dissolve government , hold new elections and leave countr .
 pervez musharraf : the career of pakistan 's strongman <sec> musharraf 's rise through the military helped him cement his political power in pakistan .  he deposed prime minister nawaz sharif in a bloodless coup in 1999 .  musharraf 's popularity plummeted in 2007 after he suspended a senior judge .  he now says he 'll return to his country between january 27 and 30 , 201 .
 is a new dynasty taking shape in baseball ? <sec> the san francisco giants have won two world series in recent years .  the kansas city royals have n't won one since 1985 .  giants roster has changed but their method of winning has n't .  royals do n't pay attention to underdog label , they just go out to have fu .
 opinion : piketty 's right about how to become a 1 % er <sec> john macintosh writes letter to imaginary son turning piketty 's controversial book on its head .  macintosh : if you want to be be super rich , find a job that lets you benefit from others ' capital .  he says in such a job , you can take a slice off the top even though you do n't do much .  macintosh : these jobs are in industries like hedge funds , private equity , venture capita .
 opinion : 'she 's a homewrecker , ' a site for bullies <sec> betrayed women post details about partners ' mistresses on `` she 's a homewrecker '' site .  peggy drexler : `` other women '' called `` life-sucking whores , '' `` skanks '' who `` steal '' men .  drexler : women never blame the men ; posts seem to be attempts to regain control .  she says posting details , photos on `` she 's a homewrecker '' is simply cruel bullyin .
 cowboys player out on bail after arrest in crash that killed teammate <sec> new : josh brent is released sunday from irving city jail , a source at the jail says .  brent , 24 , was driving when his car flipped and caught fire early saturday , police say .  his teammate jerry brown , a passenger , was pronounced dead at a hospital .  the cowboys win on a last-second score despite their `` numbness , '' head coach say .
 jordan 's queen rania undergoes treatment for irregular heart rhythm <sec> rania will rest for two nights before heading back to jordan .  she is in new york as her husband attends the u.n. summit .  premature ventricular contractions are commo .
 10 abandoned hotels <sec> north korea 's `` hotel of doom '' remains the tallest unoccupied building in the world .  cyprus 's varosha lost its tourism appeal after the turkish invasion in 1974 .  ukraine 's hotel polissya was evacuated in 1986 after the catastrophic explosion of the nearby chernobyl nuclear reacto .
 tornado touches down in northern alabama <sec> new : a tornado that hit on the texas/louisiana border thursday was an ef1 .  national weather service reports a `` brief touchdown '' of a tornado in alabama .  the storm causes minor damage in athens , county official says .  at least 16 tornadoes ripped through texas on wednesday , contributing to 6 death .
 state of new jersey stepping in to run camden 's troubled schools <sec> gov . .  chris christie : `` we 're taking the lead because ... camden has failed its children '' .  the city schools ' graduation rate fell to 49.27 % in 2012 , down from 56.89 % the year before .  state intervention will include monitoring school progress and financial guidance , christie says .  `` i always knew this day was coming , '' the school board president say .
 u.s. : jihadi in suicide bombing video in syria was from florida <sec> officials : u.s. focusing on network funneling money , recruits to syria .  radical islamists heap praise upon the american for his `` martyrdom '' .  official : the u.s. believes the suicide bomber is moner mohammad abu-salha .  u.s. officials said he was an american citizen who went to school in florid .
 asiana fined $ 500,000 for failing to help families <sec> asiana airlines is fined $ 500,000 for inadequate aid to crash victims ' familes .  it is the first time the dot has issued a fine under a `` family assistance plan '' law .  asiana failed to widely publicize any telephone number for family members , the dot sai .
 two snowmobilers killed in utah avalanche <sec> sheriff 's office says two people had been trapped in avalanche .  call about avalanche came in at 12:30 p.m . .  et .  sheriff 's office says people had been warned of danger after recent storm .  body of one victim has been brought down from logan pea .
 typhoon haiyan : elation as desperate mom finds lost family in debris <sec> gina ladrera flew from hong kong to tacloban to find her missing family .  she 'd been unable to contact them for days after super typhoon haiyan .  almost one week after typhoon , she found them alive amid ruins of their home .  her family survived by clinging to electrical wire on the roof during the stor .
 luiz felipe scolari resigns as brazil manager after world cup flop <sec> luiz felipe scolari resigns as brazil manager after brazil thumped in last two games .  eventual champion germany thrashed brazil 7-1 in the semifinals before another defeat .  tite is now the favorite to succeed scolari , who guided brazil to 2002 world cup glory .  others linked with the job include pep guardiola , jose mourinho and ronald .
 5 political stories to watch in week ahead <sec> president obama to continue to push plan for economy ahead of congressional recess .  senate minority leader mitch mcconnell takes fire from left and right in re-election campaign .  house republicans to push for more oversight at irs , take another shot at obamacar .
 guatemala genocide conviction overturned <sec> guatemala 's constitutional court overturned the conviction of efrain rios montt .  rios montt was convicted of genocide and sentenced to 80 years .  the court said the proceedings must return to the trial phase .  human rights groups say they will appea .
 argentina bars entry to two bermuda-flagged ships after they visit falklands <sec> incidents occurred monday in tierra del fuego province .  two ships were denied entry to the port of ushuaia .  report : argentina cites law barring ships sailing under british colony flags .  a dispute between argentina and great britain over the falklands goes back decade .
 ebola scare : we need a surgeon general ( opinion ) <sec> paul callan : cdc head is playing 'nation 's doctor ' in reassuring americans about ebola .  callan : ebola is scaring americans , and we need a surgeon general to take charge .  but the gop thinks president 's nominee is too political and , at 36 , too young .  callan : we need congress and president to appoint a permanent surgeon genera .
 judge clears way for ex-radical ayers ' speech at university of wyoming <sec> federal judge orders university to allow ex-radical william ayers to speak .  judge also orders university of wyoming to ensure his safety .  speech was canceled over security concerns , university officials say .  ayers is former leader of weather undergroun .
 thousands mourn goalkeeper enke at stadium funeral <sec> thousands flock to hannover 96 football stadium to play tribute to goalkeeper .  stadium service followed another memorial in church , mourning march through hannover .  robert enke , 32 , was expected to start for germany in 2010 world cup .  enke 's wife says he suffered from depression for six year .
 britain 's queen elizabeth marks 82nd birthday <sec> queen 's april birthday is celebrated in june to enjoy good weather .  parade , military ceremony will mark royal birthday .  troop inspection , flyover by royal air force , part of ceremonie .
