 west virginians : we do n't drink the water <sec> residents have been given the all-clear to drink the water near charleston .  but some say they 've suffered adverse effects from it .  a health official is calling for a long-term study .  the governor wants the cdc to investigate the issu .
 5 myths about unemployment insurance <sec> carl van horn : ending benefits for long-term jobless would have severe consequences .  van horn dispels myths about benefits making it desirable to stay out of work .  recipients more likely to seek work with benefits , which are n't enough to live on , he says .  van horn : unemployment benefits help fight job loss since recipients spend mone .
 timothy bradley defeats manny pacquiao to win wbo welterweight title <sec> timothy bradley defeats manny pacquiao to win wbo welterweight title .  two judges score fight for bradley ; other judge scores fight for pacquiao .  bradley remains unbeaten ; pacquiao suffers first loss since 200 .
 'veronica mars ' cast in for new web series <sec> web series will be about ryan hansen as dick casablancas .  it will run for eight episodes .  the actors will play fictionalized versions of themselve .
 the best of art of life 2007 <sec> this month we look back on some of our favourite moments from the last 12 months .  designer tom ford shows monita rajpal around his london home .  empress of china 's creative scene , pearl lam , on the contemporary art explosion .  robin oakley uncovers the world of horse racing syndicate .
 police investigate assault allegation made against nalbandian <sec> london 's metropolitan police to investigate assault allegation against david nalbandian .  nalbandian injured line judge after kicking over an advertising board .  nalbandian loses his $ 56,802 prize money and ranking points from queen 's club event .  new : argentina star fined 10,000 euros ( $ 12 , 564 ) by the at .
 napolitano defends report on right-wing extremist groups <sec> homeland secretary : u.s. will not monitor ideology , political beliefs .  agency released a report on april 7 warning about right-wing extremism .  report : `` no specific information '' on violent plans by domestic right-wing terrorists .  report about left-wing extremists released in january ; both reports initiated by bus .
 george clooney legally weds amal alamuddin in venice <sec> actor george clooney legally marries lawyer amal alamuddin in venice .  the civil ceremony follows the couple 's private wedding n the italian city on saturday .  a-listers and paparazzi converge on venice for clooney 's wedding celebrations .  clooney and alamuddin travel the canals on a boat named `` amore '' -- or lov .
 malala is face of global attacks on schools <sec> bede sheppard : malala shooting reminds that schools , globally , are besieged in war zones .  he says schools attacked in 25 nations in past 5 years , including yemen , thailand , india .  he says militias use them for fighting , they become targets ; kids lose stability , education .  sheppard : world must see this as war crime , put protections in place , even in wa .
 boston transit service resumes <sec> new : boston transit resumes limited service except on commuter rail .  amtrak service between boston and new york suspended .  logan airport has been operating normally , under heightened security .  taxi service has been restored in bosto .
 authorities arrest suspect in toddler 's death <sec> new : prosecutor : authorities will request the suspect 's transfer to new jersey .  arthur eugene morgan iii was arrested on tuesday in san diego .  his daughter 's body was found in a new jersey stream on november 22 .  prosecutor : it appears the child and car seat were thrown from an overpas .
 cnn student news - january 8 , 2015 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
 mercedes asks twitter to solve driver rivalry riddle <sec> mercedes has asked its twitter audience for advice on introducing team orders .  at the belgium gp , nico rosberg crashed into mercedes teammate lewis hamilton .  mercedes head of motorsport toto wolff described the incident as `` unacceptable '' .  the team 's twitter audience voted in favor of allowing the drivers to continue to rac .
 source : justin bieber , dad ignored pilot 's demand to put pot away <sec> law enforcement source gives details of bieber 's flight from canada .  pot smoke was so strong in jet 's cabin the flight crew put on oxygen masks , source says .  pilot claims bieber and his father were verbally abusive to the flight crew , source says .  bieber rep matthew hiltzik declines comment to cn .
 expect divisive social issues to take center stage <sec> hilary rosen : romney and cain seemed to own the debate on the economy last time .  rosen : what 's left for others to gain traction on : race , religion , homosexuality , immigration .  nevada is a touchy place to debate immigration , with a large latino population , she says .  rosen : perry might challenge others ' credentials to represent evangelical christian .
 fbi , police look into new orleans saints wiretapping claims <sec> new : interim head coach says the accusations are `` ludicrous '' and `` irresponsible '' .  espn reports that saints gm mickey loomis could eavesdrop on opposing coaches .  the saints are already in hot water over their bounty program .  a saints spokesman calls the report `` 1,000 % false .
 obinna scores twice as nigeria defeat kenya <sec> victor obinna scores twice as nigeria defeat kenya 3-0 in african group b .  the result sees nigeria move up to second place in the table with four points .  cameroon and morocco draw 0-0 in group a and trail surprise leaders gabo .
 exclusive : american imprisoned in nicaragua says 'i 'm 100 % innocent ' <sec> jason puracal was convicted of drug trafficking , organized crime and money laundering in 2011 .  puracal tells anderson cooper there is no evidence in case against him ; experts agree .  u.n. group says imprisoning american is a violation of international law .  prison where puracal is held 'basically a hellhole .
 south carolina gov . mark sanford faces 37 ethics charges <sec> sanford is accused of using tax money for personal travel .  sanford announced affair with argentine woman in june .  ethics case involves civil charges that are punishable by fines .  legislators already have filed an impeachment resolution against sanfor .
 obama 's community college proposal : dead on arrival ? - cnnpolitics.com <sec> obama 's plan would waive the first two years of community college tuition in states that pitch in 25 % of costs .  that would still leave the federal government with $ 60 billion over 10 years .  even though it 's not likely to get through congress , the proposal could still spur action at the state and local leve .
 trial bookmarks john edwards ' fall from grace <sec> once a democratic star , john edwards fell from grace after an affair .  his trial on campaign finance charges wrapped up thursday .  edwards ' affair with a campaign videographer ended his political career .  the former vice presidential candidate once had his eyes on the white hous .
 alec baldwin 's daughter defends him <sec> ireland baldwin says her dad `` has a good heart '' .  alec baldwin is in trouble over an anti-gay slur aimed at a paparazzo .  his daughter defends him on twitter , says he 's not a homophob .
 al-assad denies responsibility for syria crackdown <sec> the white house says al-assad 's comments not `` credible '' .  el-araby raises specter of sectarian strife .  al-assad : a government that would kill its people is `` led by a crazy person '' .  one syria expert calls al-assad a `` madman .
 5 latest things we know about comet ison <sec> nasa telescopes are hunting ison 's remnants .  a chunk of the comet may have survived .  comet-watchers are not giving up on iso .
 issue of jackson doctor-shopping for drugs raised again <sec> coroner 's report on what killed michael jackson has been delayed indefinitely .  doctor 's attorney says jackson sought diprivan , drug suspected in his death .  coroner , district attorney decide not to release coroner 's findings .  hearing monday on control of estate , custody of childre .
 guilty plea in plot to bomb maryland military recruiting center <sec> man pleads guilty to use of a weapon of mass destruction against federal property .  antonio martinez attempted to set off an inert device at a military recruiting center .  if court accepts the plea , martinez will be sentenced to 25 years in priso .
 arizona voters approve medical marijuana measure <sec> arizona joins 14 states and the district of columbia .  the marijuana policy project says it welcomes the vote .  the measure passed by a narrow margi .
 andrew jenks : welcome to his world <sec> docu-series `` world of jenks '' will premiere on monday at 10 p.m. , et .  jenks starred in , directed and produced `` andrew jenks , room 355 '' .  `` i consider myself more of a director than anything , '' jenks say .
 immigration plan : a new era of bipartisanship or a political necessity ? <sec> immigration plan a product of compromise from senators on both sides .  experts say democrats want a deal and republicans need a deal .  but plan may face resistance in house , where conservatives lament path to citizenship .  there , leaders will need to lure most democrats and many republicans to vote for i .
 mayor campaigning for mexican president 's sister killed <sec> ricardo guzman romero was killed on wednesday .  he was campaigning for the president 's sister in a race for governor .  eighteen mayors have been killed since 201 .
 what do we know about mood disorders ? <sec> it is not known which mood disorder rep. jesse jackson jr. may have .  many with mood disorders only have depressions , which is called `` unipolar depression '' .  others have `` bipolar depression , '' which includes manic episode .
 ronaldo urges real to continue form <sec> cristiano ronaldo has urged his real madrid teammates to carry their recent impressive form into the new year .  real madrid cut the lead of defending champions barcelona to two points after a 6-0 thrashing of real zaragoza . .  coach manuel pellegrini also paid tribute to barcelona 's amazing 12 months following their victory in the club world cu .
 mom drives van , 3 kids into waves <sec> witnesses scramble to help after a woman drives her minivan into atlantic ocean .  three children are rescued and are in the custody of the state .  the woman is being held for a mental evaluation .  she was stopped by police earlier in the day , but they could n't find cause to detain he .
 prince charles produces jubilee tribute to queen <sec> prince charles shares behind-the-scenes movies , pics in tribute to queen .  the documentary will air friday on the bbc .  elizabeth ii marks her diamond jubilee this weekend .  celebrations will mark her 60th anniversary on the thron .
 new jersey releases nurse quarantined in ebola scare <sec> a potential ebola patient is transferred to the university of maryland medical center .  cdc releases new guidelines for health care workers and others .  a 5-year-old boy in new york tests negative for ebola , health officials say .  kaci hickox is released from new jersey hospital after testing negative for ebol .
 banner plane crashes near university of florida stadium <sec> a small plane crashes into parking lot before the university of florida football game .  cnn 's sanjay gupta was nearby .  craft had been carrying a banner near football stadium .  gupta : pilot , passenger receive minor injurie .
 after ravages of flesh-eating bacteria , aimee copeland uses new bionic hands <sec> aimee copeland receives bionic hands that cost up to $ 100,000 each .  `` it just mimics so well a natural hand , '' copeland says .  the multiple amputee says she 's looking forward to cleaning house and cooking .  she will work with amputee children in a summer cam .
 bowie 's old friend : 'he 's the same guy i went to school with ' <sec> peter frampton and george underwood recall their long friendship with david bowie .  david bowie 's new album , `` the next day '' was released on march 8 .  all three friends played in school bands with bands , and remain friends .  frampton , says bowie is healthy : `` he 's the same guy i went to school with .
 teen sentenced in rape , death of indian medical student <sec> the teenager is convicted of murder , rape , and robbery .  his 3-year sentence prompts protests , outrage from victim 's family .  he is the first of five suspects to be tried for the december attack .  a string of gang rapes in india has prompted national debat .
 american 's hell at evin prison and her advice to hikers <sec> iranian-american roxana saberi was detained in january 2009 .  the freelance journalist was accused of being a spy .  saberi was held at the same notorious prison as the american hikers .  the last two hikers were freed wednesday ; saberi offers advice to the .
 ed brooke and stuart scott , we 'll miss you <sec> edward brooke and stuart scott , two important african americans , died .  both challenged expectations of what it means to be black and paved way for other .
 teacher 's extraordinary passion to help kids <sec> u.s. educator forms nonprofit called talica to help students in central america .  sue ellen wortzel said her immigrant student 's struggles inspired her to form talica .  since 2006 , talica has donated 4,500 books to public schools in central americ .
 police detain mexican beauty queen , seize weapons <sec> mexican police : laura zuniga , seven men face arms charges , federal probe .  zuniga , men found in vehicles with weapons , $ 50,000 , police say .  zuniga won state beauty contest , finished third in national competition .  she won `` hispanoamerican queen 2008 '' title in octobe .
 octuplets mom suleman says she 's open to porn offer , but no touching <sec> new : nadya suleman files for bankruptcy monday .  `` i would n't even kiss somebody for money , '' she tells `` showbiz tonight '' .  despite house foreclosure , suleman says she and her 14 children wo n't be homeless .  she gave birth to octuplets three years ag .
 obama , clinton and a-listers line up to meet kate and william in u.s. ... but no george <sec> britain 's prince william and catherine arrive in new york city for a whirlwind tour sunday .  the duke and duchess of cambridge will not be accompanied by prince george .  a source says the program of events in the city `` does n't make it appropriate to bring him '' .  prince william will travel to washington to meet u.s. president barack obam .
 anti-japan protests erupt in china amid island dispute <sec> new : protesters toppled japanese-made cars and burned japanese flags .  new : a japanese activist who went to the islands says they belong to japan .  both china and japan claim sovereignty over the uninhabited islands .  a chinese group traveled to the islands last week and was deporte .
 report : japan nuclear workers told to hide radiation levels <sec> the incident allegedly happened at the damaged fukushima daiichi plant .  the government and plant operator investigating the report .  report : workers were told to covers devices used to detect radiation level .
 palin heightens rhetoric on abortion <sec> sarah palin , barack obama both campaign saturday in pennsylvania .  palin hammers obama on the abortion issue in johnstown .  obama acknowledges mccain 's efforts to `` tone down the rhetoric .
 nevada man accused of fondling himself aboard southwest flight <sec> daniel drinan , 63 , was arrested saturday after his southwest flight landed in denver .  he allegedly viewed pornography and fondled himself on the plane , authorities say .  a judge released him on his own recognizance , though he ca n't fly , a spokesman say .
 a history of bad hairstyles <sec> army 's 101st airborne division wore mohawks during world war ii .  the mullet may be the most reviled haircut in history .  mullet nicknames : tennessee top hat , kentucky waterfall .  grease held original pompadours in plac .
 cirque du soleil and mgm grand cited in acrobat 's death in vegas <sec> the performer fell almost 100 feet after a wire rope broke , the osha said .  it happened during the final scene of a performance in front of an audience .  cirque du soleil faces fines worth over $ 25,000 ; mgm grand faces $ 7,000 .  both companies say they will appeal the decisio .
 source : accused killer did not father slain marine 's baby <sec> dna taken from suspect cpl . .  cesar laurean does n't match child 's , source says .  swab obtained after suspect was extradited from mexico to united states .  lance cpl . .  maria lauterbach 's body was found in laurean 's backyard in 200 .
 schapelle corby leaves prison in bali , indonesia <sec> australian schapelle corby , 36 , is set free from prison in bali , indonesia .  she was convicted in 2005 for smuggling 9 pounds of marijuana .  corby and her lawyers maintain she was the victim of a setu .
 south dakota 's surprise senate race <sec> a race for an open senate seat in south dakota was supposed to be an easy gop pickup . .  gop hopefuls mike rounds has struggled to consolidate his party in this right of center state . .  former republican sen. larry pressler is running as an independent . .  the democratic candidate rick weiland has made waves with his country music videos .
 investigation : could background check have prevented alleged rape ? <sec> oil spill worker charged with raping a co-worker never had a criminal background check .  bp says responsibility for the background checks is with contractor it hired .  suspect is jailed in mississippi , charged with sexual battery , not registering as sex offende .
 college basketball player lauren hill dies <sec> lauren hill 's coach says she was `` an unselfish angel '' .  after playing for her college , lauren hill helped raise money for cancer research .  ncaa president says she `` achieved a lasting and meaningful legacy .
 crowdsourced maps help mobile users compare network reliability <sec> company maps of wireless networks can be inaccurate or lacking detail .  application designers have turned to crowdsourced data .  open signal maps has an app for android .  rootmetrics has an app for iphone ; android and blackberry versions comin .
 aaron hernandez jailhouse calls : innocent or code ? <sec> prosecutors contend recorded jailhouse calls are proof of conspiracy to conceal evidence .  aaron hernandez 's defense argues the calls are irrelevant , prejudicial and contain hearsay .  judge to hear arguments and then decide whether state can admit the calls as evidenc .
 fort hood soldier : i 'started doing what i was trained to do ' <sec> pvt . .  joseph foster was doing paperwork when he heard a shout , then gunfire .  shooter `` stood up and yelled 'allahu akbar ' in arabic and he opened fire , '' he says .  he says he was too consumed by adrenaline to think about being shot in the hip .  foster , who has a wife and two young children , said he still plans to deploy to afghanista .
 cameron lays out plans to counter uk jihadi threat <sec> british pm david cameron announces proposals to counter extremist threats .  he wants powers to ban britons from returning once they join jihadi ranks abroad .  cameron proposes confiscating passports from would-be fighters before they travel .  britain hiked its threat to the second-highest level friday , citing events in iraq and syri .
 a-rod 's wife files for divorce <sec> documents cite `` husband 's extra-marital affairs and other marital misconduct '' .  document : `` alex has emotionally abandoned his wife and children '' .  cynthia and alex rodriguez have two daughters together .  divorce filing comes after speculation about a split between slugger , wif .
 group tries to save wwii planes like b-17s and p-51s <sec> only about a dozen ww ii-era b-17 bombers still fly .  nearly 13,000 `` flying fortresses '' were made , starting in 1935 .  the commemorative air force restores and flies b-17s and other classics .  the caf plans a $ 40-million , world-class aviation museum in dalla .
 few details , plenty of questions as pistorius disputes murder charge <sec> new : pistorius cancels his upcoming races .  `` we are in a state of total shock , '' his uncle says .  famed olympian oscar pistorius rejects the murder allegation .  some south africans remain puzzled over his alleged involvemen .
 woman convicted of killing man who taunted her over n.y. yankees decal <sec> ivonne hernandez , 45 , was accused in the may 2008 killing of matthew beaudoin .  prosecutors : beaudoin taunted hernandez about a new york yankees decal on her car .  hernandez drove away , and boudain briefly chased after her car on foot .  shortly after , she drove back to alley where the group remained , and struck beaudoi .
