 twitter founders unveil new blogging tool <sec> twitter co-founders unveil a new minimalist blogging platform called medium .  site not open to public yet ; twitter users can sign in to read , vote on posts .  posts are organized into themed collections that are sorted by popularit .
 twitter hacked ; 250,000 accounts affected <sec> twitter reports recent attack that may have compromised 250,000 user accounts .  the attack is the latest against large sites , including the new york times and wall street journal .  affected users will receive an e-mail instructing them to reset their passwords .  twitter recommends all users have strong passwords and disable java in their browser .
 gop votes for spending boondoggle <sec> house defeated a bid to kill a defense spending project that pentagon says it does n't need .  john avlon says gop critics of government spending voted for half-billion dollar project .  he says this was a clear-cut case of a way to cut the budget deficit .  avlon asks how gop can run on platform of cutting spending while supporting this projec .
 2 face charges in case of canadian girl who hanged self <sec> police had reopened investigation ; two males now face charges .  17-year-old rehtaeh parsons died three days after hanging herself .  her family says she was raped and a photo was circulate .
 cnn student news - may 8 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum offers the media literacy question of the day , key concepts , fast facts and discussion questions .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 suspect in slaying of u.s. tourist captured after fleeing to syria <sec> he was captured in turkey 's hatay province and flown to istanbul , authorities say .  he appears to have fled to neighboring syria in an attempt to escape turkish authorities .  the body of sarai sierra , a tourist who went missing in january , was found last month .  the mother from staten island , new york , was found slain near the old city walls of istanbu .
 gang of villagers chase away google car <sec> villagers in broughton summoned police after google car arrived .  residents say the street view service will help burglars scout targets .  google says it is n't breaking any law .
 bears overdose on chocolate bait <sec> four black bears were found dead in the new hampshire woods after a chocolate overdose .  a hunter was said to have left about 100 pounds of chocolate out as bait .  wildlife experts in new hampshire are looking at possible ban with such bai .
 rome braces itself for tiber flooding <sec> new : official : 20 - 30 percent chance that the river tiber could overflow its banks .  italy has been hit by a wave of bad weather that has claimed two lives .  one woman died near rome when her car was submerged by a wave of water .  body of a second victim was found in calabria region after a bridge collapse .
 poor wiring endangers troops in afghanistan , contractors say <sec> electrician called power systems at afghan base `` a disaster waiting to happen '' .  electricians who worked for kbr say supervisors ignored their warnings .  u.s. soldiers in afghanistan said they received shocks or knew soldiers who did .  kbr has denied improper electrical work or responsibility for deaths , injurie .
 why chelsea clinton does n't know the sex of her baby - cnnpolitics.com <sec> chelsea clinton : `` there are so few mysteries in life ... in which any answer is a happy one '' .  clinton and husband marc mezvinsky announced in april they were expecting .  attention on the child -- bill and hillary clinton 's first grandchild -- has been intense .  bill clinton told cnn earlier this week that the baby is due around october .
 gop , big tent or big mess ? <sec> ruben navarrette : the deep divisions in the republican party are evident .  he says some republicans emphasize social issues , such as opposition to gay marriage .  others want to play down social issues , focus on the party 's economic message , he says .  navarrette : the only thing that unites gop is a strong desire to defeat obama 's re-election bi .
 messi double puts barcelona in last eight ; bordeaux go through <sec> lionel messi scores twice as holders barcelona cruised into quarterfinals of champions league .  spanish champions beat stuttgart 4-0 in second leg of last-16 tie at the nou camp .  pedro and substitute bojan krkic also net in 5-1 aggregate victory over germans .  french champions bordeaux also through after beating olympiakos 2-1 at hom .
 kids ' online privacy : debate over sharing photos <sec> parents face tough decision on whether to share about their kids online .  `` batdad '' never expected his videos would go viral and be seen by millions .  experts say parents should review privacy settings on any service they use .  social media training is now a part of parenting , some moms sa .
 man city spending spree continues with koralov signing <sec> aleksandar kolarov completes his move to manchester city from lazio .  manchester city have spent nearly $ 139 in close season transfer window .  big spending city also linked with inter milan striker mario balotell .
 bolt survives high speed car accident <sec> sprinter usain bolt fortunate to escape from car crash in his native jamaica .  the world 's fastest man was taken to hospital after clambering from the wreck .  bolt won three gold medals with his sensational displays in beijing olympic .
 yemen crisis : how chaos could spiral into all-out regional war <sec> saudi arabia-led coalition launched airstrikes in yemen last wednesday .  saudi intervention raises prospect of regional war between iran and arab state .
 some kids hurt themselves to feel better <sec> theodore beauchaine says he sees rise in youth self-injury , such as cutting , burning .  syndrome crosses culture , class ; it 's linked to suicide , yet research funding lags , he says .  kids say they self-injure to help deal with negative emotions , he says , but studies are sparse .  beauchaine : u.s. must boost funding for study of self-injur .
 indonesia 's women 's rights problem ( opinion ) <sec> indonesia 's national police force reportedly requires `` virginity tests '' for women .  phelim kine : tests recognized internationally as violation of human rights .  kine : new president much send message on protection of wome .
 police investigating motive for shooting in st. louis that left 4 dead <sec> timothy g. hendron killed three men and himself at a st. louis , missouri , workplace thursday .  he was one of the plaintiffs in a lawsuit filed against company retirement plan administrators .  plaintiffs ' attorney : it 's unclear if hendron was to be present at a trial in lawsuit in kansas city .  police captain said a motive in the killings at abb inc. could remain a myster .
 hyper-partisanship dragging down nation <sec> john avlon : pew study confirms politics divides americans more than race , class , age , gender .  he says it 's bigotry , a learned behavior profoundly alienating americans from each other .  he says gop support of social safety net , environment way down , democrats about same .  avlon : split undermines core belief of e pluribus unu .
 ebola outbreak : death toll rises to over 140 in liberia , guinea <sec> the virus is still limited to guinea and liberia .  nineteen suspected cases reported in sierra leone tested negative .  ebola , one of the world 's deadliest viruses , kills up to 90 % of those infecte .
 sierra leone leader calls for lockdown to battle ebola <sec> sierra leone president orders 3-day national lockdown as part of efforts to stop the spread of ebola .  sierra leoneans are asked to stay home march 27-29 and from 6 a.m. to 6 p.m. april 4 , 11 and 1 .
 report : new macbook pro to feature retina display <sec> the next 15-inch macbook pro will feature a retina display and an ultra-thin profile , 9to5mac claims .  report says it wo n't have room for an optical drive , just like its lightweight cousin macbook ai .
 five things changed/expanded from the book for 'the hobbit ' films <sec> there are some differences between `` the hobbit '' book and the new film .  much of the film 's story is actually from the appendices to `` the lord of the rings '' .  the first movie installment of `` the hobbit '' is almost three hours lon .
 we have n't learned from past mistakes <sec> pyrotechnics , overcrowding , poor exits have contributed to tragic fires in recent years .  you would think the world would have learned from past incidents , john barylick says .  concertgoers have to be their own fire marshals , he say .
 thousands of children orphaned by ebola abandoned <sec> ebola has orphaned about 3,700 children in guinea , liberia and sierra leone .  `` the fear surrounding ebola is becoming stronger than family ties , '' a u.n. official says .  as ebola infections skyrocket , experts fear the number of orphans could double this mont .
 the mobile device that thinks it 's a russian doll <sec> stuff magazine rounds up highlights of mobile world congress in barcelona .  high speed tablets and hybrid padphones among newest gadgets .  samsung and toyota reveal a phone-controlled ca .
 opinion : why is north korea mad at comedy ? <sec> a new american comedy about north korea has upset president kim jong un .  gene seymour : seriously , folks , can a comedy really be an `` act of war '' ? .  he says maybe dennis rodman can talk kim out of his anger .  seymour : let 's imagine what kim and rodman would say to each othe .
 3 killed , 2 cops shot in new york gun fight <sec> two men get in a gun fight in brooklyn .  a woman is hit by a stray bullet and killed .  two officers rushing to the scene are shot and wounded .  the shootings comes during a weekend marred by gun violenc .
 would you take kids to see miley ? <sec> many parents worry about the impact of cyrus ' performance on her young fans .  cyrus ' vma show another example of the sexualization of young girls , said some parents .  others argued that kids should not have been watching the vmas in the first place .  one upside to cyrus ' vma appearance is that it may show strength , said one mo .
 eric garner 's haunting last words <sec> `` i ca n't breathe , '' has become a new slogan in protests against police brutality .  eric garner said it eight times while being restrained by police .  he had asked them to leave him alone before being wrestled to the ground .  a grand jury declined to indict a police officer is his deat .
 death valley scrambles to clean up after egg-frying frenzy <sec> death valley national park made a fry-an-egg-in-the-sun video .  others followed suit , but were n't so interested in cleaning up .  the hottest places in the united states littered with egg shells and carton .
 legia thrown out after crowd riot <sec> legia warsaw are thrown out of intertoto cup after crowd trouble .  lithuanian side vilnius will play blackburn in next round of the competition .  legia are also handed a further year 's suspension by uef .
 gop , protect dorothy cooper 's right to vote <sec> donna brazile : 96-year-old tennessee woman lacks papers required for new voter id law .  she says the woman had voted for 70 years ; the new mandate disenfranchises her .  she says gop push for voter id 's is affecting the elderly , the poor and minorities .  brazile : gop leaders are more interested in winning than protecting citizens ' right to vot .
 president 's schedule not a factor in chile mine rescue , official says <sec> interior minister says the operation is not `` linked to any political decision '' .  president pinera said this week he believed the rescue would be before october 15 .  he is scheduled to travel to europe on october 1 .
 h1n1 outbreak in venezuelan state , official says <sec> there is an outbreak of the h1n1 virus in merida state , the health minister says .  at least 56 cases have been confirmed there .  there is no epidemic in the country , she say .
 slain journalist 's family accuses isis leader of sin <sec> effort to defeat isis will take time and go beyond this administration , official says .  `` we will not allow our enemies to hold us hostage , '' the sotloff family says .  the u.s. goal is to `` degrade and destroy '' isis , u.s. defense secretary says .  isis video released tuesday shows second beheading of a u.s. journalist in two week .
 'holy fuel economy , batman ! ' radical race car unveiled for le mans test <sec> nissan unveils the radical new deltawing car for the le mans 24 hour race .  the deltawing has drawn comparisons with batman 's iconic batmobile car .  the experimental car is powered by a 1.6 liter four-cylinder engine .  the deltawing will be driven by britain 's marino franchitti and german michael krum .
 pakistan 'prophet 's sword ' offensive aims to 'finish off ' militants <sec> new : pakistan 's prime minister justifies operations , saying talks failed .  7 pakistani soldiers have died in the operation against militants near afghan border .  military says it conducted airstrikes based on intelligence on presence of militants .  the militants were linked to planning the karachi airport attack , military say .
 3 killed in iraq shrine bombings <sec> two bombs near shrines in holy city of karbala leave at last three people dead .  in baghdad 's sadr city , roadside bomb killed three people thursday morning . .  bomb attacks near other religious shrines in iraq have happened several times .  fierce fighting occurred near the shrines in august 2007 between shiite rival .
 venezuela drops arms trafficking charges against u.s. ship crew <sec> the crew member says the ship has been cleared to sail in the next two days .  the ship has been docked at maracaibo since august 29 .  the u.s. state department confirms the charges are dropped .  venezuelan authorities detained the ship and its crew for alleged arms traffickin .
 japan eases sanctions on north korea after talks on abductions <sec> affected sanctions include an entry ban on n. korean citizens and an embargo on ships .  pyongyang says it is setting up a special committee to investigate the japanese cases .  north korean operatives kidnapped at least 17 japanese citizens in the '70s and '80s .  the united states has voiced support for japan 's efforts to resolve the issu .
 saying 'i do ' while studying at the 'u ' <sec> tying the knot in college is considered counter-cultural today .  americans with a bachelor 's degree are more likely to have a stable marriage .  the average national age of marriage is 28 .  experts : people who marry at age 21 or younger are more susceptible to divorc .
 son of notorious insurgent leader is arrested <sec> nasiruddin haqqani was seized in recent days .  he was arrested while driving to the tribal region from peshawar .  the son is a key fundraiser for the networ .
 henrik stenson rises to the top of fedex cup rankings <sec> henrik stenson wins the deutsche bank championship by two shots .  the swede finished a tournament record-equaling 22-under par in boston .  the win propels the new world no . .  6 to the top of the fedex cup standings .  the winner of the fedex cup collects a check for $ 10 millio .
 2 u.s. soldiers killed in afghanistan <sec> two soldiers were killed by ied in kandahar province on thursday .  another soldier died thursday in texas from an illness contracted on duty in afghanista .
 parents urged to support , safeguard children as they explore gender <sec> a 7-year-old colorado boy who dresses as a girl wants to join the girl scouts .  he initially met resistance ; the scouts now say he is welcome .  experts see a sea change in society 's thoughts on gender non-conformity .  they offer resources and advice for parent .
 f1 teams seek safety-car rule change after valencia controversy <sec> williams ' sam michael calls for the fia to reassess the current safety-car rules .  ten drivers were penalized for not following the current safety-car rules at the european gp .  ferrari said last weekend 's race in valencia has thrown the sport 's credibility into doubt .  schumacher had already been penalized for overtaking whilst the safety car was on dut .
 montana city 's sex ed plans draw fire <sec> helena , montana , schools are considering a health curriculum that includes sex education .  it would start in early years -- kindergartners would be told to properly name body parts .  some parents say it starts teaching students about sex far too early .  school officials say parents could always opt out if they objec .
 kidnapped kids going back to families <sec> the 103 children taken by french aid workers to be reunited with families soon .  the 21 girls and 82 boys , aged 1-10 , will be handed over to relatives in chad .  they have been in orphanage in chadian town of abeche since late october .  six zoe 's ark workers were convicted on kidnapping charges in decembe .
 syrian activists meet in turkey , call on al-assad to step down <sec> new : syrian activists issue a declaration telling president bashar al-assad to step down .  the activists are meeting in turkey in support of the syrian opposition .  dozens of pro-regime syrians show up in support of al-assad .  al-assad 's regime sent the pro-government group , an opposition activist say .
 del potro stuns no . 1 federer in u.s. open final <sec> argentinean takes champion to five sets , winning 3-6 7-6 ( 7-5 ) 4-6 7-6 ( 7-4 ) 6-2 .  federer was aiming to equal bill tilden 's record of six successive u.s. open wins .  federer had so far this year won the french open and wimbledon titles .  del potro , 20 , won his first grand slam title after reaching final for first tim .
 italy plans to deploy 1,000 more troops to afghanistan <sec> italy is one of 43 countries serving under the nato-led isaf contingent .  22 italian service members have been killed in the afghan conflict .  there are currently 42,000 non-u.s. nato troops in afghanistan at presen .
 gop strategist : democrats outmaneuver gop over gi bill <sec> senate passes an update to the gi bill , extending education benefits to veterans .  sen. mccain and president bush oppose it , citing retention problems .  ed rollins : mccain 's `` outmaneuvered '' and `` on the wrong side of this issue .
 romanians flee 'racist ' n. ireland attacks <sec> 113 romanians flee homes in belfast after windows smashed .  romanians were sheltered by local church , later moved to leisure center .  northern irish politicians condemn `` racist attacks and intimidation '' .  uk pm brown urges authorities to `` take all action necessary to protect them .
 jetblue lets travelers pool loyalty points <sec> jetblue is now allowing family members to pool loyalty points .  the airline already has no blackout or expiration dates for redeeming points .  air traveler advocates applauded the move to make points easier to us .
 energized protesters press for 'freedom , ' revel in making history <sec> new : a protester in alexandria says president mubarak 's `` time is over '' .  new : video footage shows demonstrators overruning police on a nile river bridge .  new : a protester in cairo says : `` we 'll do 3,000 more than what the tunisians did '' .  protesters greet military troops on the streets with hugs and handshake .
 official alleges racially selective enforcement of voting rights cases <sec> justice department lawyer says some civil rights cases are suppressed .  cases against african-americans are not pursued , says christopher coates .  the justice department criticizes the civil rights commission 's investigatio .
 defense : military missed soldier 's symptoms before rape , killings <sec> former u.s. soldier steven green convicted in rape of iraqi teen , murder of her family .  green 's defense lawyers trying to spare their client the death penalty .  they argue nurse-practitioner failed to diagnose clear case of acute stress disorder .  nurse testifies soldier interviews took place under difficult conditions in ira .
 build-a-bear recalls nearly 300,000 teddy bears <sec> build-a-bear workshop recalls 284,000 teddy bears in the u.s. and 13,200 in canada .  the company recall is because of risks of choking on the bears ' eyes .  the chinese-made stuffed-animal toy is roughly 16 inches high with black plastic eyes .  it is is sold in the united states for $ 1 .
 for italy 's 'ultras , ' nothing black and white about football and racism <sec> racism in italian football is a complex issue , highlighting different attitudes .  `` ultra '' fan groups admit targeting their clubs ' black opponents with racial abuse .  anti-racism group says official figures about racist incidents are not accurate .  academic urges football authorities to take stronger action against racist offender .
 to boldly go on a nerdy pilgrimage <sec> fictional characters inspire real-life travels for many fans .  one ireporter followed his admiration for anime filmmaker hayao miyazaki to japan .  wales is home to the doctor who experienc .
 put the elderly on ice ? <sec> we 're coming close to saying old people should be cast off , says amitai etzioni .  some are arguing for a cease-fire in america 's `` war against death , '' he writes .  etzioni : capacity to recover and return to a meaningful life is the proper criterion for intervention .  we should accept death and stop aggressive interventions when there 's little hope , he say .
