 real madrid sell both sneijder and robben <sec> real madrid complete sale of dutchmen arjen robben and wesley sneijder .  robben completes transfer to bayern munich while sneijder joins inter milan .  everton complete swoop for defender sylvain distin on a busy day of transfer .
 from flash mob to lynch mob <sec> growth in internet social networking means more integration of virtual and real .  anonymous online masses can transform into 'real life ' mobs .  internet mobs claim it is a way to make people or organisations accountable .  once targeted , users are powerless to remove online details or footag .
 cnn heroes : meet the blue ribbon panel <sec> blue ribbon panel of leaders and humanitarians chose top 10 cnn heroes .  `` cnn heroes : an all-star tribute '' will celebrate work of this year 's honorees .  anderson cooper will host the global telecast on thanksgiving , 9 p.m . .  et .  vote for the 2009 cnn hero of the year at cnn.com/heroes .
 feds ask for airport workers ' personal information <sec> new : airports must provide more worker information than usual .  homeland security seeks personal info on airport workers .  data will be collected on employees with access to secure airport areas .  council urges member airports to get more information before complyin .
 mexico shootouts leave 4 dead , 3 wounded <sec> two shootouts in two cities near u.s. border in mexican state of nuevo leon .  san nicolas de los garza and escobedo are cities .  shootouts leave 4 dead , 3 wounde .
 jury finds jodi arias guilty of first-degree murder <sec> arias tells a tv station she would rather get the death penalty than a life sentence .  authorities place her on `` suicide protocol '' after the tv interview .  after more than 15 hours of deliberations , jurors find jodi arias guilty .  jurors will return to court thursday for the next phase of the tria .
 what 's next for amanda knox ? <sec> new : the u.s. state department wo n't say whether italy has requested extradition .  amanda knox `` remains a prisoner in the united states , '' law professor says .  whatever happens , it wo n't happen soon , legal experts say .  `` i will never willingly go back '' to italy , knox say .
 cops collect dna in brooklyn bridge flag caper <sec> dna collected from tin pans used to cover brooklyn bridge lights during flag switch .  nicknames , cell phones and license plates also being tracked to find the culprits .  mysterious white flags spotted atop the brooklyn bridge .  nypd commissioner calls incident a `` matter of concern .
 tens of millions of 'missing ' girls <sec> sheryl wudunn : tens of millions of girls die young or are n't born due to discrimination .  educating girls and giving them economic opportunity could transform the world , she says .  girls who are educated have fewer children and educate them better , she says .  wudunn : those who have their material needs satisfied should aid women around the worl .
 partisan confirmation hearings expected for sotomayor <sec> republicans say they need time to examine record of obama 's high court nominee .  conservative group calls sonia sotomayor `` liberal judicial activist '' .  sotomayor 's confirmation virtually certain in democratic-majority senate , analysts say .  obama has said he wants sotomayor confirmed before august congressional brea .
 rick santorum feels like rocky balboa <sec> iowa runner-up rick santorum predicts `` rematch '' with mitt romney in new hampshire .  santorum catches gop establishment off-guard with strong showing in caucuses .  ex-senator from pennsylvania held roughly 360 town halls across all of iowa 's 99 counties .  santorum lost 2006 senate re-election campaign by 18 percentage point .
 gunmen kill three in northern afghanistan <sec> three people killed ; five wounded in attack on attorney general 's office in balkh province .  staff and civilians have been rescued as gunmen engaged afghan security force .
 isaac and me : how a new orleans native rides out a storm <sec> colette bennett fled new orleans after hurricane katrina destroyed her home .  bennett returned and hunkered down as hurricane isaac passed through her hometown .  her family has lived through several hurricanes and passed down the harrowing stories .  surrender and preparation are the keys to weathering a hurricane , says bennet .
 colin farrell confirms he 's joining 'true detective ' <sec> colin farrell says he 's joining `` true detective '' season 2 .  the actor made the revelation in irish newspaper the sunday world .  hbo has not yet confirmed the casting new .
 jury selection begins for soldier accused in afghan shootings <sec> sgt . .  darren jones has pleaded not guilty .  he is accused of shooting at civilians and participating in a coverup .  his lawyer says there is no evidence jones killed or wounded anyon .
 august on inside the middle east <sec> ime investigates efforts to preserve the arabian oryx .  conservationists are using eco-tourism to help maintain lebanon 's cedar tree population .  an initiative in the uae is transforming used cooking oils from mcdonald 's into bio-fuel .
 incognito not charged after 2012 accusation of inappropriate touching <sec> police report : woman said incognito touched her with golf club , leaned against her .  report : she went to police because she believed dolphins officials took no action .  no charges filed ; woman says she ca n't comment because of confidentiality agreement .  miami dolphins suspended incognito amid reports teammate accused him of slurs , threat .
 tagliabue rescinds penalties in nfl bounty case <sec> decision by former commissioner overturns current nfl chief .  case affects the new orleans saints from 2009-2011 .  tagliabue says saints given incentives to hurt opposing players .  was it typical `` trash talk '' that occurs regularly before games .
 estonia 's 34 troops withdrawn from iraq <sec> estonia not replacing its platoon in iraq .  previous 34-strong platoon left iraq in december .  defense minister blames lack of new legal agreement on status of troops .  australia , uk also expect their troops to be out by the end of jul .
 diack : africa can host world athletics championships soon <sec> iaaf president backs africa to host athletics ' showpiece event in near future .  lamine diack tells cnn that world championships are more affordable .  senegalese official says london 's legacy was important in winning 2017 bid .  diack confident he will not be found guilty of accepting illegal payment .
 3 reasons why 'el chapo ' arrest matters <sec> joaquin `` el chapo '' guzman ran mexico 's notorious sinaloa drug cartel .  his arrest pierces legendary status as elusive , above the law .  drug dealing in australia , europe , africa made him one of the world 's most wanted .  u.s. officials seek extraditio .
 senior 's photo deemed too sexy for yearbook <sec> durango high seniors can submit their own photos , with approval .  student committee says one girl 's photos were inappropriate .  student 's mother says she has contacted the aclu for hel .
 enrique iglesias ' spanish world cup dream <sec> schedule cleared to watch spain 's world cup games .  iglesias : i wanted to delay album release so i could watch the world cup .  defeat to switzerland was `` devastating '' .  best memory was at spain '82 ; worst was at 2002 world cu .
 new zealand 's center-right national party wins election <sec> new : prime minister john key says he aims to build `` a broader majority '' .  his national party wins third term with 48 % of vote ; opposition labour party gets 25 % .  scandals over the government 's integrity and spying allegations brought drama to the race .  new zealanders voted on saturday after an explosive campaig .
 saudi king , 90 , suffering from pneumonia <sec> king abdullah , 90 , is suffering from pneumonia , state news says .  he was admitted to a hospital wednesda .
 woman who kidnapped baby 25 years ago sentenced to 12 years in prison <sec> a 19-day-old infant disappeared from a manhattan hospital in 1987 .  prosecutors say she was taken by a woman who raised the child under a different name .  the victim became suspicious as an adult , and dna tests established her true identity .  the woman who pleaded guilty to taking the infant apologize .
 nigerian forces tout 'massive deployment ' against insurgents <sec> nigeria is touting success against islamist insurgents .  special forces have either killed or captured dozens of militants , the defense ministry says .  three soldiers were killed and seven more wounded , the ministry says .  troops are trying to secure towns and villages in northern nigeria from `` infiltration .
 foster the people on inspiration , odd jobs and meeting bono <sec> `` it 's been a fast incline , so we 've had to just work really hard , '' mark foster says .  `` the last time we played in dublin , we ended up at bono 's house , '' he says .  `` the whole youth violence thing hit pretty close to me , '' cubbie fink say .
 roitfeld : american vogue job 'not for me ' <sec> style icon anna wintour is rumored to be leaving american vogue in 2009 .  vogue paris editor in chief carine roitfeld touted as a possible replacement .  roitfeld told cnn : `` i think i prefer to stay here in paris ... .  i 'm very happy .
 jahi mcmath 's mother : 'i wo n't stop fighting ' for girl on life support <sec> `` i just want her to have more time , '' jahi mcmath 's mom says .  the 13-year-old is on life support after tonsil surgery .  an independent , court-appointed doctor will evaluate her .  doctors declared her brain dead three days after operatio .
 why one good teacher decided to quit <sec> after a successful 13-year teaching career , linda deregnaucourt plans to quit . .  she earns about $ 38,000 per year -- too little to cover expenses , she says .  nationally , attracting the best students to teaching is hard because of low pay . .  deregnaucourt plans to pursue nursing , which is likely to pay $ 20,000 more per year .
 heston blumenthal : why snail porridge consumes me <sec> heston blumenthal is founder of the fat duck , regularly voted the world 's best restaurant .  the british chef is a perfectionist who helped popularize art of `` molecular gastronomy '' .  he looks back to his childhood to explain how an interest developed into an obsessio .
 police : estranged daughter kills mother , is killed by her father <sec> josephine ruckinger had been estranged from her family for some 20 years .  police say she and her husband broke into her parents ' home .  ruckinger allegedly shot her mother ; her husband allegedly shot her brother .  ruckinger 's father returned fire , killing his daughter and her husband , police sa .
 for parents of the missing , does hope spring eternal ? <sec> discovery of 'maria ' has reignited hope for families of missing children .  hln talks to the father of natalee holloway , who went missing in 2005 .  parents of lost children often tread a line between hope and realis .
 slain boris nemtsov thought fame offered protection <sec> kremlin critic and opposition figure boris nemtsov was fatally shot in moscow on friday .  in 2014 he had told cnn 's anthony bourdain his fame offered some protection .  nemtsov criticized putin 's russia in the interview saying the power system was corrup .
 paul ryan steps into budget fight ; omits gop demands on obamacare <sec> paul ryan has fallen out of the national spotlight since last year 's gop loss in presidential election .  and the wisconsin republican house member has remained largely silent during budget crisis .  but he now has dipped is toe into the controversy , writing an opinion piece that grabbed attention .  ryan offered ideas , called for negotiation but omitting gop obamacare demands was notice .
 new malware revives mac vs. windows security debate <sec> a `` trojan horse '' called mac defender is telling mac customers they must install anti-virus software .  if a customer agrees , the program loads porn sites on their computer .  despite some perceptions , experts say the mac is n't more secure than windows .  anti-virus software will help protect your system from being infected , but it 's expensiv .
 cnn student news - january 17 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript and the daily curriculum .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  the daily curriculum 's newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news .  at the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculu .
 india couple , estranged from family , leaving all to pet <sec> brijesh and shabista srivastava say they 've made pet monkey their heir in will .  couple are estranged from their families , who disapproved of their interfaith marriage .  `` he 's like our child . .  we ca n't stay away from him , '' shabista says of monke .
 china ramps up security in xinjiang after unrest <sec> new : chinese foreign ministry defends the extra security .  china deployed armed police in cities in xinjiang over the weekend .  the measures follow violence last week that left 35 people dead .  there are ethnic tensions between han chinese and turkic-speaking uyghur .
 new to clinton 's stump speech : her granddaughter <sec> clinton repeatedly mentioned her granddaughter in her speech thursday .  clinton was in miami speaking to commercial real estate women network conventio .
 american hostage pleads for life in yemen al qaeda video <sec> a u.s. and yemeni special forces raid last week freed hostages but not the american .  luke somers is a photojournalist who was captured in september 2013 .  special forces planned the raid , when aqap militants were seen transferring hostages .  the militants had split the hostages into two groups two days before the rai .
 bahrain 's battle to save its ancient burial mounds <sec> bahrain has the largest collection of prehistoric burial mounds in the world .  some of the mounds date back to 2050 bc .  housing strain has led to the demolition of 90 % of the mounds .  bahrain has nominated the remaining mounds for world heritage statu .
 graffiti artist banksy unveils largest project to date <sec> banksy , the world-famous british graffiti artist will unveil his largest project to date .  a surprise show is held from june 13 until august 31 at the bristol museum , uk .  banksy has remained true to form with his unconventional take on ar .
 it 's a mad , mad , mad , 'mad men ' world <sec> `` mad men 's '' seventh and final season begins sunday .  show has become shorthand for referring to the early '60s .  it helped dictate fashion , even made names popular .  now it 's just a tv show -- but still highly thought-o .
 rave your way to work in the morning ? <sec> growing numbers are getting their kicks out of pre-work rave parties .  morning gloryville hosts monthly early morning raves that are `` drug-free '' .  nurses , lawyers , parents with kids , seniors and teenyboppers attend .  morning gloryville has found its way into 16 citie .
 mideast spiraling in war and terror <sec> the iraqi government and security forces are battling isis .  a three-year civil war is raging in syria .  `` no one is winning ; no one can win , '' says u.n. secretary-general .  official warns libya is at risk of becoming a failed stat .
 world cup : franck ribery ruled out in double blow for france <sec> france 's franck ribery is out of world cup with a back injury .  the attacking midfielder had been battling to regain his fitness .  lyon 's clement grenier will also miss the tournament with a thigh injury .  france 's opening match is against honduras on june 1 .
 13 die as islamic radicals , hamas clash in gaza <sec> new : radical sheikh escapes ; hamas forces blow up his home .  sheikh 's call for creation of gaza islamic emirate sparked clashes with hamas .  hamas raided mosque where sermon delivered in rafah , seized control .  hamas spokesman calls sheikh 's followers `` outlaws , '' says they attacked civilian .
 'boom boom ' afridi quits tests after 150-run defeat at lord 's <sec> pakistan captain shahid afridi quits test cricket after thumping defeat to australia .  afridi says he will stand down after second test at leeds next week .  marcus north takes six wickets as pakistan fall 150 runs short at lord ' .
 israel launches ground operation into gaza <sec> idf : `` we have hit hamas hard , and we will continue to hit hamas hard '' .  hamas condemns israel for launching ground action .  operation follows 10 days of airstrikes and bombings .  palestinian security sources say airstrikes killed 7 childre .
 suicide blast kills 10 near u.s. consulate in pakistan <sec> the suicide bomber also wounds dozens .  he rides up to a security checkpoint on a motorbike .  peshawar is adjacent to pakistan 's restive tribal region in the northwest .  it is near the border with afghanistan and rife with islamist extremist .
 nadal and ferrer to skip 2012 davis cup <sec> rafael nadal and david ferrer tell reporters they will not play in the 2012 davis cup .  nadal says he is having a year 's break to concentrate on grand slams and olympics .  ferrer confirms he is retiring from davis cup duty after five years playing for spai .
 australian leader cites 'credible leads ' as flight 370 search resumes <sec> unprecedented international search resumes .  u.s. navy p-8 poseidon part of effort .  australian prime minister has `` increasing hope '' about learning what occurred .  searchers on saturday did not find floating objec .
 naked prison caning vid draws fury <sec> malaysia defends caning of criminals after video hits internet .  clip shows naked man strapped to wooden frame being punished .  meter-long rattan stick strikes prisoner 's buttocks , tearing the fles .
 2nd accuser of syracuse coach : 'i just hope that no other kids get abused ' <sec> mike lang says his stomach turned when he heard about the penn state sex abuse scandal .  syracuse university fired assistant men 's basketball coach bernie fine on sunday .  lang alleges that when he was a boy , fine touched him inappropriately many times .  now 45 , lang says he considered fine a father figure and a `` great guy .
 the 'unfathomable ' arrest of a black scholar <sec> boris kodjoe : arrest of harvard prof underscores how blacks are typecast .  actor kodjoe says deliverymen often think he 's hired staff at his house .  `` if it can happen to him , yeah , it can happen to any of us , '' scholar says .  cultural commentator says it was shocking `` to see one of my heroes in a mugshot .
 8 hotels that take you back in time <sec> elizabeth taylor spent six of her eight honeymoons at the beverly hills hotel .  southern california 's hotel lautner is a midcentury-modern masterpiece .  grand hotel on mackinac island , michigan , is said to have longest porch in the world : 660 feet .  new york 's plaza hotel 's art deco fitzgerald suite honors the writer and his er .
 coach low commits future to germany <sec> germany coach joachim low extends contract until after the 2014 world cup .  the 51-year-old german had been linked to vacant position at bayern munich .  low had been due to step down from his post after the euro 2012 competition .  bernd schuster , the german coach of struggling istanbul-based club besiktas , resign .
 osama bin laden 's death : how should we feel ? <sec> osama bin laden was killed by u.s. troops in pakistan , president obama announced sunday .  bin laden 's death may come with feelings of relief for many people .  reactions likely tied to emotions felt on september 11 , 200 .
 opinion : syria shows peril of iran 's growing power <sec> frida ghitis : syria a good example of iran 's growing power in the middle east .  she says iran is the top backer for al-assad 's regime , which commits reported atrocities .  she says u.s. wants new syria government ; iran 's backing makes al-assad unlikely to deal .  ghitis : interim nuclear deal makes allied arab nations fear the west will weake .
 chinese mothers lose children , livelihoods in fatal wreck <sec> jason skaggs had vehicular homicide conviction before he killed students .  mothers plead for help paying off thousands they borrowed to send kids to u.s . .  mother : `` when you raise a child in china , you are basically insuring your old age '' .  families earn between $ 102 and $ 702 a month in pay , pensions in chin .
 apple sues amazon over 'app store ' name <sec> the name amazon 's chosen -- the amazon appstore -- has got apple rattled .  apple filed a trademark protection over the phrase `` app store '' .  back in january , microsoft postured against apple 's trademar .
 escape from istanbul : the islands where a city unwinds <sec> the prince islands offer citizens of istanbul a peaceful escape from their frenetic city .  buyukada and heybeliada are the two largest and most popular of the islands .  the islands are car-free havens , rich in flora and exotic ottoman-style architectur .
