 report clears bush officials of misconduct over 'torture ' memos <sec> doj : no professional misconduct by lawyers who wrote `` torture memos '' .  conclusion reversed recommended referral of lawyers for disbarment .  john yoo and jay bybee developed legal guidance on enhanced interrogation .  also cleared was steven bradbury , who headed the office of legal counse .
 apparently this matters : the dipjar <sec> `` apparently this matters '' is cnn tech 's weekly , off-kilter look at the social web .  this week , jarrett ponders the dipjar .  the `` genius '' product lets credit card users tip their servers -- or whoever .  be kind to your frozen yogurt vendor . .  seriously .
 families stranded in new york mountains after irene destroys bridges <sec> `` it 's a horrible situation , and there is no way out , '' one woman says .  she says food and water supplies are dwindling .  the governor 's office says emergency officials expect to rescue the families monday .  county official : 87 people stranded in prattsville were rescued sunda .
 li na : 'housework is harder than pro tennis ' <sec> two-time grand slam winner li na announced her retirement in 2014 .  she wants to encourage future chinese tennis players through an academy .  li and her husband dennis are expecting their first child in the summer .  she tips petra kvitova to succeed her as australian open champio .
 white house not naming ebola 'czar , ' despite calls <sec> obama is set to meet with senior officials monday to discuss the latest ebola case .  the white house is refusing calls to name an ebola `` czar '' .  a top homeland security adviser is coordinating the administration 's respons .
 chile exhumes remains , investigates death of former president <sec> new : bone and blood samples will be sent to an austrian lab for dna tests .  white-gloved investigators carry the former president 's flag-draped coffin .  official accounts have ruled allende 's death a suicide , but a new investigation is under way .  cnn chile : `` the people want to know . .  this is something that the country needs , '' a judge say .
 deaths at tennis star 's mansion were murder-suicide , police say <sec> police : man shot his wife , teen children and himself .  man set tampa mansion on fire , authorities say .  home belongs to former pro tennis player james blake , who was leasing it out .  man bought fireworks , gas cans days ahead of blaze , authorities sa .
 thomson airways plans table seats for flying families <sec> uk airline thomson considers introducing round-table seating for families .  concept could be introduced on new fleet of boeing 737 max aircraft over next five years .  childcare services may also be available to help entertain kids during flight .
 5 defendants plead no contest in 'jena six ' case <sec> the family of justin barker filed lawsuits after alleged beating in 2006 in jena .  the 5 men agreed to plea deals that settled suits ; they 'll pay court costs , restitution .  case drew national protest when teens were charged with attempted murder .  `` hopefully , all the wounds ... will now be healed , '' said attorney henry lemoine jr .
 five things : ravens owner disputes scathing espn report <sec> ravens owner thinks its obvious most unnamed sources were sympathetic to ray rice .  espn denies his allegation , says it stands by its reporting .  team 's director of security denies knowing within hours what was on in-elevator video .  bisciotti feels rice could return to team after playing career end .
 facebook hit by phishing attacks for a second day <sec> facebook stopped a phishing attack thursday , its second day of battling a worm .  worm lures people to a fake facebook page and prompts them to log in .  the page then steals their information when they type their username and password .  facebook spokesman : the attacks were stopped within a few hours in each cas .
 randy jackson says he 's leaving 'american idol ' <sec> randy jackson was one of three judges when the show debuted in 2002 .  with simon cowell and paula abdul out , he is the only one that remains .  jackson said that it was his decision to leave `` american idol .
 israelis killed in bulgaria bus terror attack , minister says <sec> death toll reaches seven , bulgarian interior ministry says .  bulgarian foreign minister says now is not the time `` to start assigning blame '' .  israeli intelligence minister says there are `` very good indications '' iran was involved .  u.s. president barack obama condemns `` barbaric '' attac .
 italy vows to fight for classroom crucifixes <sec> italy vows to fight european court ruling banning crucifixes in classrooms .  court ruled tuesday that display of religious symbols violate students ' right to freedom of religion .  case was brought by an italian woman who objected to crucifixes on walls in her sons ' classrooms .  government says it will appeal verdict ; leading catholics express surprise , ange .
 chicago 's back alleys filter rainwater for lake michigan <sec> chicago covers alleys with special concrete that cleans polluted rain runoff .  microbes in concrete eat pollutants such as fertilizer and oil .  solution avoids having to rebuild city 's massive alley system .  unique concrete also helps to keep city cooler on sunny day .
 cyber warfare : a different way to attack iran 's reactors <sec> israel abuzz with talk of potential for pre-emptive strike on iran 's nuclear facilities .  western diplomats say iaea report says iran able to design and build nuclear weapon .  iran 's nuclear facilities have also come under attack from cyber attacks .  one such attack by stuxnet virus able to penetrate iran 's natanz nuclear facilit .
 2014 midterms users guide <sec> republican primaries will indicate strength of establishment vs. the tea party .  obamacare will play a role in the outcome ; the question is how big .  2014 midterms will be the opening act for 2016 presidential election .
 some ready for another cruise even after carnival voyage <sec> new : maritime law gives crew discretion on informing passengers of problems .  officials from panama are investigating the fire on the cruise ship .  some passengers said they ate mayonnaise sandwiche .
 6.7 earthquake hits off japanese coast <sec> japan meteorological agency cancels a tsunami advisory .  a 6.7 earthquake struck off japan 's coas .
 'pitbull ' davids joins barnet <sec> edgar davids becomes joint head coach of english club barnet .  london-based barnet are currently bottom of the fourth division .  nicknamed `` the pitbull '' , davids has played for ac milan , juventus , barcelona and inter milan .  davids also intends to become a member of barnet 's playing squa .
 pakistani family : 9-month-old booked on attempted murder charge <sec> a 9-month-old boy was booked and fingerprinted in lahore .  his family 's lawyer says police 'filed a wrong , false arrest charge ' .  official : police had come to the boy 's home to collect unpaid gas bill .  a police official was suspended after media reported the stor .
 daily discussion - april 23 , 2013 <sec> use these questions to help students understand today 's featured news stories .  today 's daily discussion includes the media literacy question of the da .
 spain top fifa world rankings <sec> spain remain top of fifa 's world rankings for the ninth month in a row .  fifa revamped their ranking system to make it more representative in 2006 .  football fans are still unsure about how accurate the rankings ar .
 making a 'squat ' a home <sec> photographer corinna kern joined squatters in london to document their uncommon lifestyle .  kern 's images aim to challenge conventional beliefs of what makes a home .  all the squats kern visited were in former commercial premise .
 falkland islands will vote on political status <sec> the falkland islands will hold a referendum on its governance .  the vote has the backing of the british government .  argentina also claims the british-held island .
 after 4 nights of violence in london , a tentative calm <sec> `` tens of millions of pounds '' of property damage is estimated .  8 are arrested in connection with firebombing of a police station .  111 officers have suffered injuries in three days of unrest , police say .  pockets of disorder break out in west bromwich , wolverhampton and mancheste .
 cnn student news transcript : march 14 , 2011 <sec> witness the devastation caused by a powerful earthquake that hit japan .  hear how a quake can trigger a tsunami that barrels across the ocean .  find out how the earthquake caused concerns at one nuclear power plant .  use the daily discussion to help students understand today 's featured news storie .
 winter weather : forget polar vortex , el niño maybe back <sec> south will be colder and wetter but other areas will see warmer than normal temps .  california 's rainfall totals should be about normal , not enough to solve drought .  the polar vortex likely wo n't spill as much cold air into the united states for a second yea .
 'hours ' director : paul walker was excited about new turn <sec> paul walker 's new movie , `` hours , '' is due out friday .  `` hours '' was one of last movies walker completed .  actor was `` kind and patient , '' an inspiring figure on set , says director .  walker is in virtually every frame of drama about father and baby during hurricane katrin .
 last u.s. combat convoy has left iraq <sec> the last u.s. brigade combat team has left iraq .  that leaves 56,000 u.s. troops in the country .  another 6,000 troops are slated to leave by september 1 .  4th stryker brigade , 2nd infantry division crossed border into kuwai .
 georgia 's ruling party concedes defeat in parliamentary elections <sec> `` restoring relations with the kremlin is one of our main tasks , '' ivanishvili says .  russia 's medvedev says georgia 's parliament is set to be more diverse .  saakashvili says he respects the democratic process , will become leader of opposition .  the u.s. and europe have praised reforms under president mikheil saakashvil .
 kitty wells blazed country path for women <sec> `` if i had never heard of kitty wells , i do n't think i would have been a singer '' -- loretta lynn .  `` she was a trailblazer for all the women in country music , '' reba mcentire says .  despite being banned by the grand ole opry , her first record sold a million copies .  wells proved women could sell records singing country songs from a woman 's point of vie .
 no tsunami warning after pacific quake <sec> new : no immediate reports of damage , casualties .  earthquake hits south of the mariana islands early saturday .  no tsunami warning has been issued .  the islands are made up of two u.s. territorie .
 dubuisson runs out of miracles as day takes wgc match play crown <sec> jason day defeats victor dubuisson to win wgc world match play title in arizona .  france 's dubuisson pulls off two miracle shots to extend their titanic battle in final .  australian day celebrates biggest victory of his career to date on fifth extra hole .  day pays tribute to dubuisson 's character saying `` vic has a lot of guts .
 george zimmerman 's parents sue roseanne barr over tweets <sec> roseanne barr 's tweet forced zimmermans `` to live in seclusion , '' lawsuit says .  barr tweeted george zimmerman 's parents ' home address , complaint contends .  the comedic actress intended `` to cause a lynch mob to descend '' on their home , suit says .  barr tweeted `` maybe go 2 his house myself , '' zimmermans sa .
 in south africa winning , not color , matters <sec> in south africa , rugby union was once symbolic of white domination .  south african rugby team now features seven black players -- the most ever .  peter de villiers is south africa 's first black coach .  rugby fans say they care more about winning than color of players ' skin .
 air travel to clear after thousands of flights delayed <sec> about 130 flights are delayed and 22 are canceled as of early monday morning .  that 's down from more than 4,000 delays and 244 cancellations sunday .  a line for security stretched more than a mile long at a chicago airport sunday .  about 46 million people were expected to travel for thanksgiving , aaa say .
 world 's largest particle accelerator offers window into laws of nature <sec> 2011 marks 100th anniversary of discovery of atomic nucleus .  in 2009 motherboard toured the european organization for nuclear research , or cern .  cern is home to the large hadron collider , used to study smallest known particle .
 ethical lesson of penn state scandal <sec> edward queen : penn state has betrayed its athletics motto , `` success with honor ' .  failing to report alleged crimes has befouled an illustrious program , he says .  he says those who do n't report wrongdoing bear part of the guilt .  queen : desire to preserve institutions or make more money corrupts man .
 ousted pm left libya on way to 'another european country ' <sec> state media in north korea says temporary registry for tanker has been canceled .  acting pm says predecessor free to leave , return for legal proceedings .  abdullah al-thinni says libyan navy tracked oil tanker after it got through blockade .  cairo says it will board the tanker if it enters egyptian water .
 a photographer 's unique view of kazakhstan <sec> uriel sinai won the world press photo for his coverage of israeli resettlement from the gaza strip .  in 2006 , he traveled to post-soviet republics to document the change in the region .  his photos explores the post-soviet revival of islam in kazakh cultur .
 former famu player jonathan ferrell killed by charlotte police <sec> the officer charged in the killing was released from jail .  officer randall kerrick is charged with voluntary manslaughter .  police : after one officer 's stun gun was `` unsuccessful , '' another opened fire .  police found a wrecked car nearby and believe the victim may have been seeking hel .
 fire destroys historic documents at moscow library <sec> fire reportedly destroys 15 % of all documents at one of russia 's largest public libraries .  head of russian academy of sciences compares loss to chernobyl nuclear disaster .  investigators are looking into whether a short circuit is to blame for blaze , ministry say .
 opinion : victims blamed in india 's rape culture <sec> ruchira gupta says the rape of a photojournalist in mumbai is not surprising .  gupta : women do n't report rapes because they will be stigmatized and traumatized .  when gupta appeared in court to report an attack , lawyers held her responsible .  gupta : culture of rape is ingrained in misogynistic society where men in control do n't car .
 how to train workers for real jobs <sec> experts have debated whether job training works , says sheila maguire .  she says giving people basic job skills is n't enough .  maguire : new research says training people in specific industry sectors pays off .  job training needs to be tailored to the kinds of skills employers need , she say .
 clemens says he got b-12 shots ; ex-trainer claims steroids <sec> congressman blasts ex-trainer brian mcnamee for telling `` lie after lie after lie '' .  disputing clemens ' account , ex-trainer says , `` i have never given roger b-12 '' .  mcnamee further says that drugs `` were part of the culture in baseball '' .  mcnamee says he injected clemens `` at his direction '' ; clemens denies clai .
 cnn student news transcript : january 21 , 2011 <sec> explore how some chinese economic policies lead to frustration in the u.s . .  examine the efforts of u.s. house republicans to repeal health care reform .  consider a program in texas that hands out tickets to disruptive students .  use the weekly newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on cnn student new .
 review : 'time traveler 's wife ' spreads love <sec> chemistry between eric bana , rachel mcadams saves `` time traveler 's wife '' .  movie about man who can travel through time , hurting chances for romance .  a lot is silly , just waiting for the couple to get together at the right tim .
 sonny bill williams : islam brings me happiness <sec> sonny bill williams is hoping to be first player to win world cups in both rugby codes .  he was the first muslim to play for new zealand 's all blacks , winning 2011 world title .  williams is part of nz kiwis team which has reached final of rugby league world cup .  he says becoming a muslim has helped him become content and more assure .
 'earth ' takes viewers on 'breathtaking ' global journey <sec> `` earth , '' a movie about animals and their dramatic journeys , hits theaters earth day .  the documentary was shot by the same filmmakers who made `` planet earth '' .  the movie is the first released under disney 's newly branded disneynature label .  disney vowed to plant a tree for everyone who sees the film opening wee .
 state dept : release pastor jailed for 1,000 days , sentenced to death in iran <sec> youcef nadarkhani 's next scheduled court date is september 8 .  he has been sentenced to death for leaving islam .  the house has passed a resolution condemning iran for imprisoning him .  nadarkhani 's case has galvanized american christian .
 sears tower now named willis tower <sec> chicago 's sears tower renamed willis tower after london insurance broker .  thousands join online group opposing building 's name change .  landmark opened in 1973 with original tenant sears roebuck & co .
 self-taught rocketeer 's backyard is jetson-like reality <sec> mexican scientist devises , builds , tests jetpacks in his backyard .  juan manuel lozano has traveled world with inventions ; worked with u.s. navy , boeing .  lozano 's other creations include rocket bicycle , rocket motorcycle , personal helicopte .
 commentary : war is stealing congo 's young <sec> aid worker lindsay branham : congolese conflict is stealing dreams and childhoods .  young are being forced to give up study and become soldiers , she says .  branham : families are being torn apart and forced from their home .
 three 6 mafia rapper dies at age 40 <sec> lord infamous was born ricky dunigan and grew up in memphis .  with two other rappers , he began the group three 6 mafia .  the group became well-known when they won an oscar in 2006 .  lord infamous reunited with his band mates this year and they were working on new song .
 opinion : how america abandoned egypt 's arab spring <sec> `` the square '' is filmmaker jehane noujaim 's documentary about egypt 's revolutionaries .  it 's told through the eyes of three revolutionaries who meet in during the first protests .  this is the egypt the obama administration has forgotten , says cynthia schneider .  schneider : film should be a painful reminder to the u.s. of the military regime it back .
 6 key moments from new hampshire senate debate <sec> ebola , isis and immigration were all features of a debate that turned on fear .  jeanne shaheen said scott brown was `` fear-mongering '' .  brown called his fears rationa .
 cities putting young adults to work <sec> baltimore , maryland will hire 7,000-plus teens to work city jobs .  fedex center in oregon bringing jobs now and in future .  man starts record label after losing position as loan officer .  lennox plant needs more workers due to pickup in air conditioning busines .
 justin bieber 's georgia fun interrupted ; police find pot , pipes in limo <sec> `` due to the small amount , no charges were filed , '' police say .  police search bieber 's cadillac escalade after arresting his bodyguard .  just-released video shows police testing bieber 's sobriety in miami .  `` i love sleep , '' the singer tweets wednesday afternoon .
 commentary : bankruptcy , not bailout , is the right answer <sec> jeffrey miron : government encouraged lenders to relax their standards .  mortgages were given to people unqualified to repay them , he says .  miron : rather than a bailout , government should let firms go bankrupt .  talk of economic armageddon is scare-mongering , miron say .
 police seize elderly mexican man over 'witch ' killing <sec> santiago iniguez olivares accused of bludgeoning modesta navarro nieves because he thought she put a spell on him .  olivares had been on the run until recently , when he returned to the area because he thought murder had been forgotten .  authorities arrested a woman in june 2008 in central mexico on charges she had killed another woman for similar reason .
 tennis chief carpeted for 'insulting ' williams sisters <sec> russian federation chief apologizes to serena and venus williams .  shamil tarpischev had referred to the pair as 'brothers ' in a tv show .  serena has tough draw in wta finals in singapore .  andy murray and david ferrer into final of atp tournament in vienn .
 murders of prosecutors in u.s. called 'beyond rare ' <sec> national district attorneys association : only 13 killings in past 100 years .  two prosecutors were killed in one texas county recently .  law enforcement memorial in d.c. has names of more than 19,000 officer .
 what if my patient is a pilot ? ( opinion ) <sec> robert klitzman : physicians should consider reporting pilots who have medical problems such as depression .  yet stigma can make pilots fear job loss and thus hide diagnoses and not seek treatment .  the faa could require that pilots seek treatment in order to fly , but some pilots may still simply cover up problem .
