 china says its nationals have fought for isis <sec> china has linked violence in its far-western muslim region of xinjiang to isis .  top xinjiang official says chinese nationals have fought for the extremist group .  uyghur activists dispute the assertions , pointing to the lack of evidenc .
 kennedy center : honors , jokes fly between obama , celebs <sec> obama 's nickname-of-choice ? .  apparently , it 's `` sting '' .  president obama may have dished out jokes sunday , but michelle obama is apparently `` the most powerful and influential '' .  `` there she is ... next to the president , which i assume means she has no future plans to run for office '' stephen colbert joke .
 entrepeneur says he strikes oil with our garbage <sec> green entrepreneur says he 's found safe , inexpensive way to turn plastic into oil .  envion ceo michael han : plastic waste is shredded , melted and processed .  process creates liquid that han says can be used for fuel .  han says envion process does n't release gases into the ai .
 video captures serial killer 's chilling defiance <sec> new : newspaper chose not to publish video showing man dragging woman 's body .  closed-circuit camera captured images of man moments after killing that led to his arrest .  the footage was first viewed by the building caretaker , who gave it to police .  stephen griffiths , 40 , confessed to killing three prostitute .
 commentary : sarah palin understands small-town america <sec> ruben navarrette : sarah palin rose from small-town life to big-time politics .  she 's been accused by democrats of polarizing the campaign , navarrette says .  he says she was unfairly targeted by liberals prejudiced against small towns .  navarrette : we can expect to hear from palin again , maybe in four year .
 un : 12 dead in south sudan attack <sec> new : u.n. says at least 12 people killed in the attack .  ambush happened in jonglei , south sudan .  five of the dead were u.n. peacekeepers from india .  they were part of convoy of 32 indian peacekeepers , an indian official say .
 gop problem : 'their voters are white , aging and dying off ' <sec> births of nonwhites have now overtaken births of whites , according to the u.s. census .  republicans face uphill battle in persuading latinos to vote for their candidates .  shift is most pronounced in the south and southwes .
 gulf of mexico 'dead zone ' is the size of connecticut <sec> the gulf of mexico `` dead zone '' is caused by an algae blooms that suck up oxygen .  scientists first discovered a dead zone in the gulf in 1972 .  the number of dead zones across the globe is growing .  they cost u.s. seafood and tourism industries $ 82 million a year , noaa estimate .
 brief history of men 's underwear <sec> for thousands of years , men 's underwear consisted of loin cloths .  codpieces allowed men `` convenience '' while wearing braies .  henry viii began to pad his codpiece in the 16th century .  boxers jumped into the spotlight when their design came under fir .
 history 's big mysteries : questionable deaths , missing people , monsters <sec> conspiracy theories surround deaths of jfk , rfk , marilyn monroe , natalie wood .  the missing mysteries : earhart , hoffa , mary celeste crew , bermuda triangle travelers .  big foot , abominable snowman and loch ness monster remain elusive .  was the shroud of turin the burial cloth of jesus christ .
 albright : north korean leader wants respect <sec> former secretary of state : u.s. made `` huge mistake '' stopping talks with north korea .  madeleine albright says north korean leader is seeking respect internationally .  kim jong-il also using rocket launch for internal political reasons , albright says .  albright says president obama proving u.s. leadership in response to launc .
 swiss upset spain in world cup shock ; chile beat honduras <sec> switzerland inflict a shock defeat on one of the world cup favorites spain .  gelson fernandes grabs the only goal in a match spain dominated .  spain is now facing an uphill task to qualify from group h .  jean beausejour scores only goal as chile beat honduras 1-0 in group h opene .
 opinion : i am a red sox fanboy <sec> pitcher david price mocked reporters as `` 'nerds . '' .  darren garnick says : guilty as charged .  like many reporters , he 's a fanboy , and spent a recent tampa trip spotting ball players .  a ride in cab where jonny gomes had sat , a dustin pedroia sighting were thrilling , he says .  garnick : the trick is not to become chris farley-like fanboy . .  with series starting it 's not eas .
 cnn student news - october 31 , 2014 <sec> this page includes the show transcript .  use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .  at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . .  you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call . .  the weekly newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the new .
 keystone pipeline builder proposes new route <sec> new : `` the president is running out excuses '' to block pipeline , john boehner says .  the route is east of the one initially proposed , a state spokesman says .  the pipeline is intended to carry crude oil from canada to the u.s. gulf coast .  u.s. president barack obama had approved a portion of the previous rout .
 chester nez , last of original navajo code talkers , dies <sec> as a child , chester nez was punished for speaking navajo .  nez says recognition as a code talker came late , but was good when it did .  nez was one of 29 navajos recruited to develop the code .  nez served as a code talker in the battles of guadalcanal , guam and peleli .
 r. kelly concert appearance canceled <sec> r. kelly wo n't be playing columbus , ohio , festival .  there was a backlash on social media over his appearance .  kelly was acquitted of child pornography charges in 2008 .  he had been accused of videotaping sex with a mino .
 opinion : alec baldwin , you can fight back <sec> alec baldwin published an essay saying he wants to leave new york .  david wheeler : baldwin should consider how to fight back against the paparazzi .  he says instead of retreating , baldwin should get a photographer or google glass .  wheeler : by recording his life , celebrities can fight photos with photo .
 breast cancer vaccine successful in mice <sec> scientists at ohio 's cleveland clinic tout prototype vaccine to prevent breast cancer .  a single vaccination was shown to prevent breast cancer tumors in mice .  vaccination also stymied growth of existing tumors in mice .  scientists planning human tests , waiting for fundin .
 group saves tesla science lab , but more work to come <sec> nonprofit group has purchased former lab of inventor nikola tesla .  after years , purchase was aided by drive by `` the oatmeal '' creator matthew inman .  group seeks to turn the ground-breaker 's former lab into a science museum .  inman promises tesla coil-fried sandwiches at upcoming fundraise .
 civil rights violation investigation in south carolina <sec> new : fbi and state police agency to look at civil rights violations in beating case .  s.c. deputy hit the man 27 times and it was on videotape , a cnn-affiliate says .  the state police agency is looking into two other brutality case .
 romaine lettuce recall expands <sec> new : romaine lettuce recall expanded to vaughan foods in oklahoma .  new : company says it has informed customers who purchased the lettuce .  new : sickened student sues freshway foods , which was involved in earlier recal .
 'tight pants ' woman jailed for not paying fine <sec> woman tried for wearing clothing deemed indecent jailed for refusing to pay fine .  sudanese court spared female journalist lashing for wearing tight trousers .  she faced up to 40 lashes for wearing pants considered too tight .  resigned u.n. position to avoid immunity afforded international worker .
 lung transplant policy changed for some child cases <sec> new policy gives some child lung transplant candidates access to adult organs .  sarah murnaghan 's battle for a lung transplant prompts permanent policy change .  decision will allow exception to the standard policy that has an age restriction .  that policy sets age 12 as the minimum to receive lung transplant from an adult dono .
 obama 's trip to my homeland : proof of india 's rise <sec> as a child , i felt pride in my homeland 's valiant history .  but i could not forget i was born in a `` third world '' country plagued by poverty .  obama 's trip signifies how far my country has com .
 ipad a solid education tool , study reports <sec> pilot study done by textbook publishers houghton mifflin harcourt and apple .  middle school students studied from 2010 to 2011 using hmh 's fuse : algebra i app .  during study , ipad seemed to help students better connect with the conten .
 the vision behind 'kingdoms of amalur : reckoning ' <sec> new `` reckoning '' game has more than 10 novels in back story from writer r.a. salvatore .  artistic team wanted a creation that appealed to a gamer 's sense of exploration .  `` kingdoms of amalur : reckoning '' is available for playstation 3 , xbox 360 and p .
 rolling stone 's top 10 beatles songs of all time <sec> `` yesterday '' is the most covered song in history .  `` i want to hold your hand '' was most american 's first exposure to their songwriting magic .  a month after `` let it be '' was released , mccartney announced the band had broken u .
 to critics , clinton is tying herself to obama - cnnpolitics.com <sec> a key republican attack on a would-be hillary clinton presidential run would be that she 'd be obama 's third term .  clinton has been talking with a number of high profile democratic operatives while considering a presidential run .  clinton has also reportedly hired advisers from obama 's 2008 and 2012 runs for top jobs in her campaig .
 fan apologizes to j. cole for threat <sec> new : police in texas investigate .  rapper j. cole received a tweeted threat from another user .  it said the person would kill their sister if they did n't receive a retweet .  the twitter user has since apologize .
 at last , a hero for democracy <sec> frida ghitis : aung san suu kyi 's quest for democracy inspires with its apparent success .  ghitis says others struggling with dictatorships can look to her as reminder they can win .  she says suu kyi 's charisma and sacrifice made her a leader that drew world to her cause .  ghitis : suu kyi has proven that she 's among few who deserve to be called a her .
 super bowl : what you need to know <sec> forecasters say super bowl xlviii weather should be good .  new jersey state police bringing in hundreds to be part of large security presence .  ticket prices on secondary market are n't as high as some thought they might get .  super bowl ads to feature a newcomer and a contest prize winne .
 dixville notch has spoken : it 's obama in a landslide <sec> new : the results -- 15 votes for obama , six for mccain .  dixville notch , new hampshire , residents cast the first votes on election day .  voters began casting their ballots at 12 a.m. tuesday morning .  the town has hardly been a reliable bellwether for picking the presiden .
 new york officials to seek human remains at 9/11 plane part site <sec> boeing confirms that the part is from a 767 like the ones that hit the world trade center .  the part was not lowered ; officer used rope to maneuver it , police say .  human remains have been discovered in various spots around lower manhatta .
 state media : doctors stop medicating argentine 'miracle ' baby <sec> medical tests show that only 10 % of the baby 's brain is functioning .  her mother says doctors have stopped medicating luz milagros veron .  the baby was pronounced dead and withstood more than 10 hours in a morgue refrigerator .  `` she is in another fight from which she is going to come out again , '' her mother say .
 real madrid linked with ruud return as mourinho gets his wish <sec> jose mourinho hoping to land a new striker after real madrid sanction a signing .  real could be without the injured gonzalo higuain for the rest of this season .  former real star ruud van nistelrooy claims he is wanted by the spanish club .  villarreal consolidate third place in la liga with 4-2 victory over osasun .
 protesters in venezuela , ukraine turn to peer-to-peer messaging app <sec> ukrainians and venezuelans have used zello walkie-talkie app to organize their protests .  it 's been one of the most downloaded apps in ukraine and venezuela .  but late last week , venezuelans said the app stopped working inside their country .  company says it suspects the venezuelan government is behind the blockad .
 jets suspend , fine coach who tripped player <sec> jets suspend strength and conditioning coach sal alosi without pay , fine him $ 25,000 .  alosi tripped dolphins rookie cornerback nolan carroll on jets ' sideline on sunday .  in statement , alosi says he accepts responsibility for his actions , respects decision .  jets head coach : `` that 's a thing that has no business in this league or anywhere else .
 strauss-kahn accuser : 'i want justice ' <sec> new : nafissatou diallo will meet with prosectuors wednesday , a source says .  she tells reporters that she feared she 'd be killed for accusing strauss-kahn .  the ex-imf chief 's attorneys cite diallo 's lies and say her campaign is about getting money .  diallo acknowledges that she has made `` mistakes , '' abc report .
 where 's the outrage over republican 's 'communist ' claim ? <sec> gop congressman falsely claimed up to 81 democrats in house are communists .  john avlon says leaders of right and left have to condemn extreme views in their ranks .  he says rep. allen west 's attempt to raise funds compounded his nutty clai .
 eulogists remember ed koch , new york city 's 'quintessential mayor ' <sec> koch `` embodied the spirit of new york city , '' mayor bloomberg says .  clinton to koch : `` we are doing a lot better because you lived and served '' .  senators and governors also were among those honoring koch .  koch died of congestive heart failure last week ; he was 8 .
 opinion : jenny mccarthy and fear-based parenting <sec> jenny mccarthy is joining abc 's `` the view '' -- one of the most visible morning tv shows .  david perry : the criticism toward hiring mccarthy focus on her anti-vaccine stance .  he says mccarthy has made statement about vaccines that are false and dangerous .  perry : now that she has a bigger platform , what dangerous ideas will she seize on .
 report : tsa behavior detection efforts missed alleged terrorists <sec> gao says `` behavior detection '' missed 16 alleged terrorists .  tsa program to spot suspicious behavior began in 2003 .  3,000 specially trained tsa offices work in 161 u.s. airports .  congressman says tsa is `` an agency in total disarray .
 morales : government will take over for dea in bolivia <sec> evo morales says he has suspended dea 's work in bolivia .  u.s. agency says it has n't been officially notified of any suspension .  morales removed dea agents from coca-growing region this year .  u.s. and bolivia have also been involved in ambassador squabbl .
 hagel wo n't endorse mccain or obama , spokesman says <sec> statement comes after ex-congressman suggests hagel as obama running mate .  sen. hagel , a republican , has disagreed with friend john mccain about iraq war .  hagel has criticized mccain 's campaign for its attacks on obam .
 stolen cell phone racks up $ 500,000 bill in a single day <sec> phone stolen in europe was used to make calls to somalia .  despite theft being reported , customer was told to pay more than $ 500,000 .  case highlights global concerns over the costs of cell phone roamin .
 georgia begins to dry out , clean up after flooding <sec> new : georgia insurance commissioner estimates $ 250 million in losses .  president , georgia governor discuss aid ; obama expresses condolences .  death toll from floods : at least nine in georgia ; one person missing in tennessee .  as of tuesday afternoon , hundreds of people were still in shelters in georgi .
 new autopsy challenges 'accidental ' finding in death of georgia teen <sec> kendrick johnson was found dead in a wrestling mat in a lowndes county school .  a newly released independent report says he died from being hit .  the official determination was that johnson had accidentally suffocated .  coroner : `` i 'm just not sure we have enough information '' for an inques .
 commentary : the crime against ted williams <sec> bob greene : discussion about ted williams ' remains is distasteful .  he recalls superstar player as a man who always strove to do his best .  williams was baseball 's last .400 hitter and a veteran of two war .
 international tribunal acquits former kosovo pm in war crimes retrial <sec> new : amnesty international : `` is anybody ever going to be brought to justice ? '' .  ramush haradinaj was indicted on charges of abusing and killing detainees .  a trial court acquitted haradinaj and two others in 2008 .  prosecutors appealed , and the appeals chamber reinstated six counts against the three me .
 history of environmental movement full of twists , turns <sec> the modern american environmental movement is four decades old .  movement began in the 1960s and was sanctioned in 1970 with creation of earth day .  environmentalism became trendy by the 1990s but still faced political headwinds .  recent concerns over climate change have given new urgency to the movemen .
 as i lay dying 's lead singer charged with trying to have wife killed <sec> new : band issues statement to fans : `` we have no more information than you do '' .  lambesis is to be arraigned thursday .  he was arrested tuesday without incident .  `` what i 'm passionate about is my loved ones back home , '' he has sai .
 6 must-have video apps for the new kindle fire <sec> new versions of kindle fire beefed up for video with faster processors and better screens .  easy to buy videos from amazon on kindle , but you can go through other services .  nexflix may be an amazon competitor , but its app is a great fit for the kindle fir .
 immigrant families agonize when children cross border <sec> parents wait for weeks wondering if their child survived a border crossing .  a guatemalan immigrant mother has been in agony for a month .  immigration officials often call mothers so that they can calm down crying children .  but those calls are abruptly cut without any official information on whereabout .
 nato uses helicopters in libya ; british officials visit benghazi <sec> new : a string of explosions is heard in tripoli early sunday .  rebels report rocket attacks in zintan .  nato calls helicopter attacks successful .  british foreign secretary visits benghaz .
 gerrard returns but liverpool draw <sec> steven gerrard returned to liverpool 's starting line-up but his side were held to a goalless draw with wolves on tuesday . .  liverpool are now three points behind fourth-placed tottenham hotspur , who eased to a 2-0 victory over fulham . .  owen coyle was given a hostile reception at former club burnley but came away with a 1-0 win . .  portsmouth were held to a 1-1 draw by fellow relegation candidates west ham at fratton park .
 egypt 's high court suspends sessions after protesters block judges ' way <sec> new : judges nationwide say they wo n't supervise a referendum on the constitution .  egypt 's high court calls sunday a `` dismal , black day '' in the history of the country 's judiciary .  court cites `` psychological ( and ) physical pressures '' on judges .  protesters surround the court and block judges from entering the buildin .
 attacks across afghanistan kill 8 service members <sec> 5 u.s. service members are killed by a roadside bomb in southern afghanistan .  the taliban claims responsibility for the roadside bombing .  isaf : 2 members were killed when an afghan soldier turned his weapon on him .  another isaf member is killed in an insurgent attack in northern afghanista .
 water in short supply in parts of eastern china <sec> jiangxi province has received half its normal rainfall in 2011 .  the province is in the midst of a months-long drough .
 manchester united striker wayne rooney involved in twitter row <sec> wayne rooney conducts row with abusive fan on social networking site twitter .  man utd striker reacts to threat by saying `` i 'll put u asleep within 10 seconds u little girl '' .  rooney later dismissed the exchange as light-hearted jokin .
 'comfort women ' comment raises questions about japanese nationalism <sec> japan government distances itself from osaka mayor 's controversial comments .  government reverts to kono statement , which apologizes for comfort women .  political scientist : pm abe 's convictions are `` nationalistic .
 do n't deport the 'tamale lady ' <sec> juana reyes was arrested after selling tamales near a wal-mart store in sacramento .  ruben navarrette says her potential deportation is a case study of policy gone wrong .  he says obama adminstration has used mass deportations as a tool to gain support .  navarrette : administration should do as it says , focus on deporting hardened criminal .
 amnesty urges nigeria to arrest sudanese president <sec> al-bashir is wanted by icc on charges of war crimes and crimes against humanity .  al-bashir may attend an african union summit in nigeria on thursday .  al-bashir remains president and has traveled to several countries since warrant was issue .
 gunman kills 3 , wounds others at nevada ihop <sec> new : fbi says no indication of terrorism .  witness : `` it was just a war zone down there '' .  three gun magazines are recovered at the scene .  the suspect died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound , authorities sa .
