 missouri lawmakers approve 3-day abortion waiting period <sec> the republican-controlled house votes 111-39 in favor of the bill .  gov . .  jay nixon , a democrat , has not said whether he 'll sign it .  missouri currently has a 24-hour waiting perio .
 'idealist ' tried to halt saddam 's kurdish slaughter <sec> years before the first gulf war , saddam hussein was slaughtering iraq 's kurds .  peter galbraith was one of the first westerners to see the effects of the killing .  a senate staffer at the time , he tried to invoke the u.n. genocide convention .  the house killed his sanctions bill with backing from the reagan white hous .
 fbi inquiry may affect 9/11 trial at guantanamo bay , lawyers say <sec> the fbi is conducting a criminal investigation that may affect the 9/11 trial , lawyers said .  defense lawyers for ramzi bin al shibh said the fbi asked a team member to be an informant .  the defense said the inquiry could be a conflict of interest ; justice lawyers disagree .  bin al shibh , khalid sheikh mohammed and 3 others will be tried in guantanamo ba .
 oregon fugitive captured after 15-year manhunt <sec> daniel clement chafe has been wanted since 1998 .  chafe faces charges including rape , child sex abuse .  chafe arrested wednesday in montan .
 ugandan kids reinventing the wheel ? <sec> innocent byaruhanga launched the pamoja centre in 2011 in the slums of kampala , uganda .  a former street kid himself , founder wants to end high youth unemployment .  pamoja offers skills training to disadvantaged children from kampala streets .  he says : `` we want to create jobs for former street children , and also orphans .
 4 shot near high school in portland , oregon : police <sec> portland police say gang task force is investigating .  the shooting happened near a school campus in north portland .  wounded victims ran into a building at the school , police said .  police say the shooter fled the scene accompanied by two other male .
 kansas boy wants the world to recognize his fallen father <sec> braydon nichols , 10 , sent in a photo of his father to cnn 's ireport .  his father , bryan nichols , was killed when the chinook went down in afghanistan .  braydon could n't understand why the navy seals were drawing attention , but not his dad .  bryan nichols was to have come home on leave in nine day .
 dna testing confirms haitian couple are parents of baby sent to u.s . <sec> new : florida judge says parents can take jenny back to haiti after her medical treatment ends .  new : timing of parents ' trip not set ; april 7 hearing will provide update on baby 's condition .  parents say it was `` god 's will '' that the child went to miami for treatment of quake injuries .  the child , apparently mistaken for orphan amid quake chaos , is in foster care in florid .
 why inequality is bad for you -- and everyone else <sec> richard wilkinson : evidence confirms that inequality causes social problems .  social ills in u.s. , u.k. can be up to 10 times greater than in more equal countries .  when there 's more inequality , people become desperate for higher social status , he says .  wilkinson : children trained either for world of constant struggle or for cooperatio .
 bicyclist who found stabbed wisconsin girl : 'who did that to you ? ' <sec> bicyclist tells 911 operator that 12-year-old he found said she 'd been stabbed .  brother of one suspect said sister was fascinated with slenderman , daily mail reports .  morgan geyser and anissa weier , both 12 , are charged with first-degree intentional homicid .
 valerie jarrett balances roles of friend , official adviser to obama <sec> jarrett has known barack and michelle obama for 18 years .  she 's now a senior adviser in the obama white house .  obama says he runs every important decision by jarrett .  she says she tries to keep business role , friendship separat .
 two more suspects in new york anti-gay attacks arraigned <sec> the ninth and 10 suspects are arraigned .  vargas-perez ' lawyer says his client is only charged with robbery .  eight other suspects were arraigned sunday .  the suspects face charges of abduction , sodomy assault and robber .
 hannah graham disappearance suspect back in va . <sec> new : jesse matthew being held in isolation in virginia jail cell .  he 's a suspect in the disappearance of university of virginia student hannah graham .  graham was last seen on september 13 .  matthew is charged with abduction with the intent to defile , according to polic .
 tropical storm , oil slick equal more fear , uncertainty <sec> new : shell , bp evacuate nonessential personnel from gulf of mexico platforms .  if stopped , oil recovery could be suspended for two weeks .  alex could push more oil ashore .  alex moving toward mexico 's yucatan peninsul .
 5 accused of starting malibu wildfire <sec> new : men were partying in a cave .  all five are from the los angeles area and are being charged with three felonies .  receipts and surveillance camera footage helped investigators find the men .  fire engulfed about 5,000 acres and destroyed more than 50 homes last mont .
 new men , new missions at pentagon and cia <sec> gen. david petraeus has been tapped to head the cia .  cia director leon panetta has been nominated to lead the defense department .  petraeus will provide much-needed leadership for an agency more heavily involved in military missions .  panetta will likely help oversee an era of declining pentagon budgets and fewer large-scale conflict .
 mexican citizen interrupts malala 's nobel ceremony <sec> norway police say the mexican national was not an official guest at the ceremony .  he made it past security but was not armed , a police spokesman says .  a young man held a mexican flag steps from malala yousafza .
 palestinian prisoners leave jails as swap gets under way <sec> new : vehicles carrying palestinian prisoners depart from jails .  new : they are headed to the egyptian border .  israel declares closed military zones around areas involved in the exchange .  israel is planning to release more than 1,000 prisoners for the captured soldie .
 officer pleads guilty in post-katrina shooting cover-up <sec> former officer admits cover-up in investigation of new orleans bridge shooting .  two civilians killed , four wounded in police shooting days after hurricane katrina .  three officers have since issued guilty pleas for their involvemen .
 red river brings cancer , chinese villagers say <sec> river through village darkened by discharges from iron-ore mine .  cancer rate in china is 137 per 100,000 people ; higher rate in village .  u.s. imported $ 4.1b worth of seafood , agricultural products from china in 2006 .  chinese agency cracked down on polluters in septembe .
 boston red sox parade reclaims marathon finish line <sec> crowd and team sing `` god bless america '' at finish line .  six months ago , terrorist bombers struck near the boston marathon finish line .  but on saturday , a boston red sox player rests the world series trophy on that line .  bostonians are cheering again on the finish lin .
 myanmar : rohingya not welcome <sec> a decades-old policy has prevented rohingya from being full citizens in myanmar .  more than 100,000 have fled by boat since sectarian violence in rakhine state in 2012 .  in sittwe , the muslim minority are forced to live in areas from which they can not leave .  `` if i go to sittwe on my own , '' says one rohingya man . .  `` i think the rakhine will kill me .
 father in japan : 'i did n't do anything wrong ' <sec> man charged with abducting his own children denies committing breach .  japanese custom , law on custody differ sharply from those in u.s . .  japan is not party to 1980 convention that standardized abduction laws .  all parties in current case are japanese citizen .
 west virginia governor to name byrd replacement <sec> gov . .  joe machin will name a temporary replacement for the late sen. robert byrd .  sen. byrd died last month .  sen. byrd was the longest serving member in congressional histor .
 ramos heads real to victory against barcelona <sec> sergio ramos headed goal earns real madrid second el clasico win in five days .  benzema gives madrid early lead before messi leveled with 50th goal of the season .  madrid play manchester united in last 16 second leg champions league tie on tuesday .  in serie a , ac milan beat 10-man lazio 3-0 to move up to fourth in the tabl .
 experts reveal e-mail nightmares , safety tips <sec> author shares embarrassing stories of e-mail sent to wrong person .  `` one click , and suddenly we 'd lost a $ 5 million account , '' says publicist .  service called bigstring.com lets e-mailers tinker with or erase messages .  expert 's advice : type recipient 's full name and never use reply-al .
 questions surround shooting of baseballer 's son <sec> 23-year-old son of former baseball star shot in his driveway by police officer .  robbie tolan , a minor league baseballer , remains hospitalized with bullet in liver .  family alleges racial profiling : `` if these had been white kids , this does not happen '' .  tolan 's father , bobby , had a 15-year career in the major .
 doctors target meningitis outbreak in africa <sec> doctors without borders embark on vaccination campaign to combat outbreak .  vaccinations being done in niger , nigeria , chad , where over 56,000 cases reported .  5.4 million people have been treated , vaccinated ; 1.7 million more to be vaccinated .  over 1,900 people have died in this outbreak since januar .
 sierra leone tourists to build their own eco-resort <sec> sierra leone 's tourist infrastructure collapsed during its 10-year civil war .  tribewanted will ask visitors to help build a sustainable tourist village .  sierra leone wants to emulate nearby gambia 's tourist succes .
 u.s. official : attack targets al-shabaab leader <sec> pentagon spokesman : u.s. used manned , unmanned aircraft in somalia attack .  it was launched based on `` actionable intelligence , '' targeted group 's leader , he says .  no details on whether al-shabaab leader ahmed abdi godane is dead or alive .  the u.s. has targeted al-shabaab leaders in somalia at least twice in the past yea .
 workers , wildlife rescue crews join montana oil spill cleanup <sec> high water and a swift current has helped break up an oil spill .  exxon says about 750 to 1,000 barrels of oil spilled in the yellowstone .  the spill occurred when a pipeline ruptured near billings .  cleanup efforts have been hampered by floodin .
 soccer fans , police clash in cairo , egypt <sec> it is the deadliest soccer-related violence in egypt since a stampede three years ago .  soccer fans and egypt 's interior ministry differ on what started the violenc .
 passengers who flew with accused christmas day bomber speak out <sec> umar farouk abdulmutallab allegedly tried to detonate bomb on northwest flight 253 .  as accused would-be bomber speaks to authorities , passengers share their thoughts .  frustration with government and fear remains for some , while others move on .  having `` cheated death , '' one passenger is grateful for `` this gift of continuing my life .
 noaa predicts near-normal hurricane seasons <sec> new : early storms this year do n't portend a more active season , forecasters say .  up to 15 named atlantic storms are expected , including one to three major hurricanes .  a major hurricane packs winds well over 100 miles per hour .  uncertainty over formation of an el nino weather pattern affects the predictio .
 embattled kashmir minister asked to stay <sec> new delhi-appointed governor vohra asks omar to `` continue in office '' .  omar says he had `` full confidence '' in his innocence .  kashmir has seen two decades of violence in which 43,000 people have been kille .
 obama wants 'rigorous ' investigation of secret service prostitution claims <sec> obama : `` i 'll wait until the full investigation is completed until i pass final judgment '' .  11 secret service members were interviewed and put on leave , the agency says .  the incident occurred shortly before obama arrived for the summit of the america .
 kansas shootings : will victims ' religion affect hate crime charge ? <sec> authorities say it was a hate crime when a gunman shot at jewish centers .  the three victims of the shooting were christian .  the shooting still qualifies as a hate crime , a cnn legal analyst say .
 rebels kill , kidnap hundreds in remote congo area <sec> a rebel group in congo killed at least 321 civilians , human rights watch said .  the lord 's resistance army abducted 250 others including 80 children , the report said .  lra forces attacked at least 10 villages from december 14 to 17 , the report claimed .  united nations said it was made aware of the attacks in decembe .
 more than 3,000 died trying to cross into europe <sec> un : 3,419 die in migrant boats on the mediterranean sea in 2014 .  207,000 people made it to europe by boat illegally , nearly three times the previous record .  war in syria , dictatorship and forced conscription in eritrea biggest driver .
 stolen nascar chevy found in georgia <sec> the no . .  44 car was stolen friday from the team 's hotel .  travis kvapil was scheduled to drive it sunday at atlanta motor speedway .  it was found on the side of a rural road without the trailer or spare part .
 singer joe cocker is dead at 70 <sec> british-born singer joe cocker has died after a battle with lung cancer .  cocker , 70 , had hits with `` you are so beautiful '' and `` up where we belong '' .  cocker performed `` with a little help from my friends '' at woodstoc .
 obama : 'trayvon martin could have been me ' - cnnpolitics.com <sec> obama decided thursday to speak out on the martin case .  zimmerman 's defense team says the verdict was just .  president obama explains african american frustration over the trayvon martin killing .  he says demonstrations over the verdict must remain non-violen .
 uk town launches its own currency <sec> uk town of lewes launches own currency to encourage residents to shop local .  `` lewes pound '' will be accepted by around 50 local businesses .  organizers say scheme will strengthen local shops , instill sense of local pride .  southern english town had its own currency before between 1789 and 189 .
 army sergeant admits to 'horrible ' afghan rampage <sec> new : bales hopes plea will bring peace to victims , comrades , lawyer says .  bales now faces life in prison ; a decision on parole will come in august .  he admitted to 16 afghans and wounding several more in a house-to-house rampage .  the march 2012 killings further strained ties between the united states and afghanista .
 10 students killed in syrian jet fighter attack , opposition says <sec> opposition activists : the high school was in rebel-controlled territory .  amateur video shows body parts strewn about .  there was no immediate response from the syrian regime through state-run medi .
 a second chance to wish upon a shooting star with leonid meteor shower <sec> the leonid meteor shower occurs in mid-november each year .  its peak was over the weekend , but this year 's shower could have a secondary peak .  nasa predicts five to 15 meteors an hour sometime early tuesday mornin .
 devo 's bob casale dead of heart failure , brother says <sec> bob casale worked on many soundtracks for tv , film , commercials , video games .  bob casale , 61 , was known by devo fans as `` bob 2 '' .  gerald casale says his brother `` was there in the trenches with me from the beginning '' .  devo drummer alan meyers , who was with the group from 1976 to 1986 , died last year .
 disneyland measles similar to philippines cases <sec> genetic testing finds disneyland cases are similar to virus type in philippines .  philippines cases spiked nearly tenfolds from 2013 to 2014 .  u.s. has 141 reported cases of measle .
 north korea frees australian missionary <sec> new : john short 's wife says she has been told he has arrived in beijing .  `` this is welcome news for mr. short , his family and his supporters , '' australia says .  short , 75 , was arrested last month in pyongyang .  he is accused of `` secretly spreading his bible tracts .
 wikileaks ' assange walks free on bail <sec> new : assange says he has `` enough anger about the situation to last me 100 years '' .  being in solitary confinement made assange think of other prisoners , he says .  freeing assange on bail will not affect the swedish investigation , authorities there say .  assange is wanted for questioning in sweden over alleged sex crime .
 gunman kills 3 members of iranian rock bands in new york , himself <sec> members of popular new york-based iranian rock bands killed in murder-suicide .  gunman shoots and kills three , injures another , before turning gun on himself .  the dead were members of iranian indie bands the yellow dogs and free keys .  gunman is identified as 29-year-old man who reportedly had been band membe .
 iraq announces 21 people executed in one day <sec> prisoners were executed after terrorism convictions .  prisoners put to death monday in what appears to be latest of several executions in iraq .  65 people were put to death in the first 40 days of 2012 , u.n. say .
 how hollywood lies about the workplace <sec> hollywood often misrepresents careers and the workplace in movies .  work is portrayed as easy or non-existent , and any outfit is appropriate .  this can have a negative effect on younger generations deciding on career .
 union and civic groups plan big g-20 protests in s. korea <sec> about four dozen groups have joined to oppose g-20 efforts .  the group of 20 plans a summit in seoul in november .  collectively , the g-20 accounts for about 85 percent of global economic outpu .
 illegal immigrant women face risks , study says <sec> the southern poverty law center finds that immigrant women face daily challenges .  they include wage abuse and sexual harassment .  unauthorized immigrant women help put food on tables , but are neglected at work , study say .
 palestinian prisoner 's death sparks protests in israel , west bank <sec> maysara abu hamdiya , a retired palestinian general , dies of cancer , sparking clashes .  palestinians accuse israel of denying him proper treatment since onset of illness last year .  prisoners protest inside prisons , citizens demonstrate outside in israel , west ban .
 8 arrested at protest outside mosque in london <sec> seven people arrested for having weapons like bleach , a hammer , chisel .  organizer of planned protest was arrested `` to prevent a breach of the peace '' .  1,000 people showed up to counter a planned a right-wing demonstration .  web site says group does n't want islam to be `` dominant political force in europe .
 bullard : green issue is black and white <sec> robert bullard is a professor at georgia 's clark atlanta university .  bullard has worked in environmental justice since 1978 .  people living near waste sites are predominantly minorities , bullard say .
 arrest warrant after arkansas realtor vanishes <sec> volunteers will resume their search for the realtor on monday .  police issue arrest warrant for aaron lewis , who is still at large .  arkansas resident beverly carter went missing while showing a home .  her disappearance has raised the issue of safety in the professio .
 longest-running bollywood film gets big screen reprieve <sec> `` dilwale dulhaniya le jayenge '' released in 1995 and is india 's longest running film .  mumbai 's maratha mandir theater announced february 19 that the film 's run would end .  hundreds of fans expressed outrage and the romantic comedy has been brought bac .
 abu hamza al-masri backed terrorist camp plan , witness testifies <sec> london cleric abu hamza al-masri is on trial in federal court on terrorism-related charges .  al-masri backed a plan to establish a terrorist training camp in oregon , witness testifies .  al-masri sent two representatives to the land , the owner 's wife tells jur .
 malaysia airlines flight 370 : underwater search for plane resumes <sec> new : official says bluefin may be able to go deeper ; another vehicle that can awaits its call .  underwater probe will map ocean floor until 10 a.m . .  et wednesday , source says .  vehicle 's first attempt ended early after it exceeded its maximum dive depth .  meanwhile , investigators are trying to determine significance of cell signal and oil slic .
 residents evacuate as hundreds of firefighters battle california wildfires <sec> new : one firefighter is injured and three structures are destroyed , a fire official says .  two wildfires are burning in lake county , california .  the fires started about the same time at two spots along a highway , an official says .  about 5,000 acres have been burne .
 set afire , teen now struggles for survival <sec> police say teens doused michael brewer , 15 , with rubbing alcohol and set him ablaze .  attack came after brewer reported that one boy had stolen his father 's bicycle .  65 percent of brewer 's body is covered in second- , third-degree burns .  teen suspects appeared before judges monday in florid .
