 'hunger games ' : final 'mockingjay -- part i ' trailer <sec> final trailer for `` hunger games : mockingjay -- part i '' raises stakes .  focuses on threats to jennifer lawrence 's katniss .  the movie opens on november 2 .
 review : 'homefront ' shoots for 'what if ? ' but achieves 'not again ! ' <sec> `` homefront '' is a first-person shooter from kaos studios and thq .  the game shooter expands on current tensions with north korea .  north and south korea unify and ultimately occupy the united states in 2027 in the gam .
 espn 's stephen smith entitled to his opinions ( opinion ) <sec> marc randazza : uproar over video of ray rice dragging unconscious fiancee from elevator .  espn commentator smith then slammed for comments about possible provocation , he says .  he says smith did n't defend rice , just raised issue of cause , but condemnation shut him up .  randazza : in smith incident , free discourse a victim of the `` politically correct '' polic .
 california chrome : will long wait for triple crown end at belmont ? <sec> california chrome is bidding to become the first horse in 36 years to win the triple crown .  only 11 horses in history have done it and five have come up short in the last 12 years .  victor espinoza is on board california chrome and explains how a previous 2002 bid failed .  achieving the feat is likened to winning all four tennis grand slams in a solitary seaso .
 false threat charge against man accused of boston bomb hoax dropped <sec> kevin edson , 25 , was charged with making a false bomb threat and other offenses .  police say edson had a rice cooker in a pack near a crowd recalling bombing anniversary .  prosecutors drop a charge of making a false bomb threat against him .  he did not make an `` overt threat that an incendiary device would be detonated , '' official say .
 former charlotte mayor expected to plead guilty <sec> patrick cannon to enter plea to one fraud-related count , court documents show .  cannon allegedly solicited bribes in exchange for his political influence .  he was a rising star in democratic politics , but now faces up to 20 years in jai .
 prison fires prompt scrutiny of turkey 's jails <sec> a weekend fire at one prison in turkey killed 13 inmates .  prisoners reportedly set fire to their mattresses to protest living conditions .  an activist says the prison is nearly four times over its intended capacity .  government officials say turkey is upgrading its prison syste .
 severe weather across south could set tornado record , experts say <sec> new : tornadoes can be spawned from rotating thunderstorms called supercells .  authorities are assessing damage from the storms .  cnn meteorologist : `` it is very rare to have all these ingredients come together '' .  the worst tornado outbreak in u.s. history occurred in april 197 .
 chemo in closet : doctor finds way to treat nevada 's cancer patients <sec> dr. nick spirtos of nevada treats cancer patients pro bono after state funds slashed .  christina aguilar , 28 , is getting treated for ovarian cancer .  if aguilar went untreated , `` her cancer would progress and she 'd pass away .
 witnesses to past disasters see hard choices ahead in haiti <sec> disaster witnesses reflect on painful lessons learned .  destruction on vast scale brings out the best and worst in human nature .  leadership from inside the community is essential in recovery .  man who survived el salvador earthquake recalls examples of human resilienc .
 snow patrol 's 'fallen empires ' covers every type of melancholy <sec> snow patrol are hoping to make an emotional impact that resonates beyond mcsteamy .  break-ups , childhood nostalgia , even the loneliness of air travel are covered .  `` fallen empires '' begins with brooding over a house that burned dow .
 a not-so 'wonderful ' idea ? <sec> a sequel to the classic `` it 's a wonderful life '' is being planned .  the plot follows the bailey family after the original movie ended .  karolyn grimes , who played 6-year-old zuzu in the 1946 film , has been cast in the seque .
 keke palmer is broadway 's first black cinderella <sec> keke palmer will make her broadway debut as cinderella .  she 's the first african-american actress to play the part on broadway .  sherri shepherd will be her co-star .  palmer 's performances launch september .
 cristiano ronaldo inspires real madrid as gareth bale misses home debut <sec> cristiano ronaldo scores twice as real madrid beats getafe 4-1 on sunday .  new signing gareth bale misses out on home debut after injury in warmup .  ronaldo becomes the fifth-highest scorer in real history with a total of 208 .  istanbul derby between besiktas and galatasaray abandoned due to crowd troubl .
 va chief eric shinseki not talking about delays <sec> new : va : want to balance keeping public informed , ensuring investigation 's integrity .  cnn has reported dozens of veterans have died waiting for care at va hospitals .  this week , sources told cnn the phoenix va concocted a scheme to cover up the delays .  arizona va officials have denied tha .
 hilton arrested for alleged cocaine possession <sec> new : her attorney urges people `` not to rush to judgment '' .  new : her rumored boyfriend was arrested for dui , police say .  paris hilton faces drug possession charg .
 good samaritan saves man dangling over cliff <sec> jason warnock rescued a man whose suv was dangling off the edge of a cliff .  warnock : `` i do n't feel like i deserve any credit ... .  i just did what anyone would do .
 kingdom tower : how will the elevators work ? <sec> vips visiting the building will be able to call an elevator using their cell phones .  the elevators at the kingdom tower will not have buttons inside .  new cable technology makes it possible for an elevator to reach a height above 1,600 fee .
 brand wars : battling china 's trademark squatters <sec> many register trademarks of well-known foreign brands in china to sell them for large sums .  top australian winemaker at center of legal dispute after failing to register chinese name for its brand .  china 's trademark laws tend to favor so-called `` trademark squatters '' over foreign companies .  new amendments to laws and greater understanding of china 's system likely to make things easier for companie .
 americans want government reforms <sec> julian zelizer : public unhappy with government partisanship , ties to special interests .  zelizer : political process flaws limit change in policies .  obama , democrats and republicans must work together to restore trust , he writes .  zelizer urges reforms in filibuster system , campaign financing , earmarks and tax la .
 teen heart transplant recipient dies in police chase <sec> in 2013 , anthony stokes ' family said a hospital refused him a heart due to his `` history of noncompliance '' .  hospital eventually gave stokes a heart ; on tuesday he carjacked someone , burglarized a home , police said .  stokes shot at an elderly woman , hit a pedestrian with a stolen car and died in a police chase , authorities sai .
 mcafee 's former girlfriend says the internet pioneer is 'frightened for his life ' <sec> new : mcafee apparently begins blog , with posts on life on the run .  gregory faull , an american businessman , was found shot to death on a belize island .  police want to question his neighbor , internet pioneer john mcafee , in the killing .  his former girlfriend says he is in `` constant fear , paranoid .
 how to boost corporate japan : stop speaking japanese <sec> ceo of japanese e-commerce giant says english should be first language .  hiroshi mikitani aims to make rakuten an english-only company by 2012 .  increasing `` englishization '' is criticized by honda 's ce .
 non , the french are not better moms <sec> writers : the first `` mommy war '' pitted stay-at-home against working mothers .  now , three books extoll the virtues of the french mothering style , they say .  these divisive conflicts over a mother 's role ignore extenuating circumstances , they say .  writers say that americans face challenges in child-rearing that are more comple .
 turbulence terrifies you ? buckle up <sec> turbulence can happen at any time , although it often comes during ascent or descent .  64 serious injuries resulting from turbulence have occurred since 2007 , according to faa figures .  staying buckled up is a passenger 's best defense against injur .
 military spy chief : have to assume russia knows u.s. secrets <sec> military strategy requires examining worst-case scenarios .  lt. gen. flynn says classified leaker edward snowden could have military plans .  flynn : if russia does n't have snowden 's information yet , it 's trying to get it .  snowden is living in russia while he seeks political asylu .
 man arrested after hidden cameras found in tanning room <sec> hidden cameras found in two tanning rooms in illinois gym .  member of gym arrested on charges of unauthorized videotaping .  `` his membership has been terminated , '' gym spokeswoman say .
 sources : pakistani taliban leader killed in drone strike <sec> pakistani taliban leader hakimullah mehsud killed in drone strike , officials say .  sources : three other people killed in strike in northwestern pakistan .  gunmen also opened fire on a vehicle , killing six .  police suspect it was a case of sectarian violenc .
 syria intervention debate : the world 's media reacts <sec> british members of parliament voted against military intervention in syria .  the decision goes against the government 's motion and u.s. president barack obama 's intention .
 france 's premier discus thrower remasters an ancient classic <sec> melina robert-michon has been france 's premier discus thrower for the last 12 years .  the 34-year-old wants more people to rediscover the sport 's art and beauty .  discus has its origins in ancient greece and emerged in the fifth century bc .  robert-michon says the sport has changed from its rich heritag .
 merged airline giant to fly south america 's first dreamliner <sec> south america 's first dreamliner to start flights within two months .  lan and tam will continue to operate as separate brands despite merger .  ceo says latin americans 'are n't scared ' of economic downtur .
 creflo dollar 's scam hurts taxpayers <sec> sarah posner : televangelist creflo dollar asking congregants to help finance a $ 65 million gulfstream g650 .  she says government should oversee tax-exempt churches that essentially operate as for-profit enterprises .  posner : senate committee took up this issue but dropped it ; this seems to have emboldened dolla .
 hottie in seat 17d ? send her a drink ! <sec> virgin america launches seat-to-seat ordering service .  passengers can send cocktails and chat with perfect strangers .  the `` send to another seat '' button makes meeting fellow passengers eas .
 72 people missing after chinese fishing boats sink during typhoon <sec> new : sixteen people have been rescued as of tuesday morning , state media report .  three boats from guangdong province foundered after being caught in a storm .  typhoon wutip made landfall on vietnam 's central coast late monda .
 feds join whistle-blower lawsuit against lance armstrong <sec> u.s. justice department will file formal complaint in 60 days .  feds wo n't allow armstrong and managers `` to walk away '' with tens of millions of dollars .  `` the defendants failed to live up to their agreement , '' postal official says .  `` we disagree ... whether the postal service was damaged , '' armstrong attorney say .
 opinion : patience , obamacare is working <sec> sally kohn : health exchange site fix is easy ; getting americans covered is hard .  she says hundreds of thousands have enrolled for insurance under obamacare .  she says law has brought insurance protections , kept 3.4 million young people insured .  kohn : many government programs have rough start . .  the goal is worthy and in sigh .
 are business training programs worth the money ? <sec> interest in mba programs on the rise amid economic downturn .  record number of gmat exams taken in 2009 , early figures show .  students embarking on degree face unknown , but express optimism .  investing in education is surest bet they can make , they sa .
 new zealand man bailed in alleged 'manure ' plot on british royals <sec> new zealand man charged with attempted attack on royals .  the 74-year-old was released on bail on tuesday .  reports said he planned to throw bucket of horse manure at charles and camill .
 cnn en español launching cnn latino <sec> cnn latino targets the growing and diverse u.s. hispanic market , delivering a broad spectrum of programming .  `` the u.s. market is so diverse and so large that there is room for two distinctive content options , '' said cnn executive .  there is a company-wide initiative at cnn to produce more content for the u.s. hispanic audience .  this will be cnn en español 's first attempt in creating an alternative programming block for broadcast spanish-language t .
 1 swine flu case leads to 340 quarantines in hong kong <sec> more than 340 people quarantined in hong kong following single case of h1n1 .  those isolated due to remain in quarantine until friday .  confined persons include 36 travelers in three-row vicinity of sick man aboard fligh .
 barbra streisand : 'hello instagram ! ' <sec> samantha is streisand 's dog , a coton de tulear .  streisand announces her instagram account through twitter .  twitter , instagram , facebook , youtube are essential marketing tools for musician .
 late goals preserve barcelona 's perfect start to la liga season <sec> barcelona keep 100 per cent record in la liga .  xavi hernandez breaks deadlock in 2-0 win over granada .  barca have early 11 point lead over real madrid in standings .  juventus top in italy after 2-0 win over chiev .
 florida couple clones beloved dog for $ 155,000 <sec> couple won auction to clone family dog , biotech company says .  lancey is world 's first commercially cloned dog , company says .  dna of deceased dog sent to s. korea , and cloned puppy born november 18 .  humane society says it 's against commercial cloning of animal .
 what does it mean to be a digital native ? <sec> u.s. author marc prensky says that at no time in history has technology moved so fast .  prensky defines digital natives as those born into `` new culture '' while the immigrants are old-world settlers .  shah says that the works of science fiction may offer the most accurate insight into a futuristic societ .
 fda plan : gay men who abstain 1 year could give blood <sec> gay men who abstain from sex for one year may be able to give blood in 2015 .  the plan is now receiving public comments .  the proposal is recommended by an independent expert advisory panel .  the one-year deferral period would align with that of other men , women at hiv ris .
 giant 'telescope ' links london , new york <sec> telectroscope allows londoners , new yorkers to see each other in real time .  giant scope was victorian age idea , came about when reporter made typo .  artist st. george inspired by childhood notion of digging to other side of eart .
 pentagon reports success in fighting roadside bombs <sec> number of homemade bomb attacks down in iraq , up in afghanistan .  pentagon says $ 14 billion spent in past four years to combat homemade bombs .  electronic detection , vehicles with more armor cut casualtie .
 voting begins in japan 's snap elections <sec> japanese begin voting in snap parliamentary elections .  dismal quarter pushes japan into recession , prompting snap elections .  japan 's pm shinzo abe frames election as a referendum on his 'abenomics ' policie .
 survey : teen smoking , drinking , drug abuse is down <sec> national institute on drug abuse releases latest study on teen behavior .  the downward trend in abuse is now a couple of decades old .  survey also looks for the first time at e-cigarette us .
 photographer captures suffering , endurance in 'murder capital of the world ' <sec> julian cardona , 51 , visits california to display his photos of juarez , mexico .  juarez is called `` the murder capital of the world '' .  the 51-year-old photographer does n't venture out alone any more because of the violence .  cartel carnage has turned parts of his one-time `` calm '' hometown into a `` ghost town , '' he say .
 former counterterror chief : 'imminent threat ' remains <sec> matt olsen is the former director of the national counterterrorism center . .  his analysis finds the threat from the khorasan group remains even after airstrikes .
 'pimp my golf cart ' <sec> adapted golf carts are growing in popularity across europe .  99 % of sales are for individual use in the usa .  modern carts built with leather seats , airbags and ipod players .  'pimped ' golf carts are seen as status symbo .
 meet the digital artist behind the movie blockbusters <sec> tino schaedler , colleagues talk about nau , a remote collaboration project .  they discuss the concept of virtual reality , 3d design and the internet .  cocoon project is about being entertained in our own virtual worl .
 jennifer lopez and harry connick jr. are the new 'idol ' judges <sec> lopez is returning to `` american idol '' .  harry connick jr. had served as a past mentor .  randy jackson will be the in-house mentor instead of a judg .
 8 crew missing after ship sinks in black sea storm <sec> the cargo ship was carrying a load of scrap metal .  11 crew members were on board .  europe and eastern europe have been in the grip of a cold spel .
 11 killed as libyan military plane crashes in tunisia <sec> a libyan deputy minister and senior islamist figure is among those killed .  an investigation shows that one of the engines was on fire , libyan culture minister says .  all 11 people on board the libyan military plane died when it crashed in tunisia .  the antonov aircraft was flying from mitiga airport in libya , state media repor .
 grief-stricken mom found a new family after tsunami <sec> susanne janson manages a home in thailand that cares for poor children in need .  janson 's two young daughters perished in the 2004 tsunami that ravaged nine asian countries .  since moving to thailand , janson has helped raise more than 100 children .  do you know a hero ? .  nominations are open for 2011 cnn heroe .
 florida eases penalties for teen sexting <sec> new florida law eases penalties for teens engaged in `` sexting '' .  previously , they could have been charged with a felony , forced to register as a sex offender .  law provides for range of penalties , from fine to felony charg .
 how to 'fix ' afghanistan <sec> afghan president ashraf ghani is visiting the united states .  rebecca zimmerman : u.s. does n't need more boots on groun .
 hillary clinton : empower girls and women <sec> hillary clinton spoke at the ted women conference on u.s. policy on girls , women .  she said empowering girls and women is vital for peace and security .  clinton said sending a girl to school increases her earnings and improves her family 's health .  empowering girls faces cultural obstacles that must be overcome , she sai .
 israel shows weaponry said to have been bound for gaza <sec> three containers of weapons found aboard ship tuesday , officials say .  mortar shells , surface-to-sea missiles among weapons displayed .  `` ultimate target was the israeli civilian population , '' netanyahu say .
 pennsylvania firefighter charged in two arsons <sec> robert tracey , 37 , arrested for allegedly setting two fires friday night .  string of arsons investigated in coatesville ; tracey not linked to others .  tracey recently became a paid firefighter with coatesville departmen .
 naacp chooses successor to chairman julian bond <sec> new : `` we 're looking at a generational shift in our communities , '' roslyn brock says .  brock on saturday was named naacp chairwoman .  she replaces longtime civil rights activist julian bond , naacp chairman since 1998 .  at 44 , brock is the youngest person ever to hold the pos .
 surveillance state no answer to terror <sec> neil richards : after boston terror attack , some call for more surveillance . .  that 's a bad idea .  he says cameras helped id suspects , but it was the police system that worked .  he says more cameras would be costly , could not stand in for humans .  richards : punish those who abuse freedom , hurt others ; do n't take liberties awa .
