 with an eye to 2016 , jeb bush knocks clinton <sec> while campaigning in colorado , bush hit clinton over her comments that businesses do n't create jobs .  clinton later walked back those remarks saying tax breaks for corporations do n't spur economic growth .  but that has n't stopped bush and sen. rand paul from hitting clinton over the quot .
 'universal background check : ' what does it mean ? <sec> `` universal background checks '' refer to closing loopholes in federal gun sales laws .  those loopholes apply to private gun sales that usually involve gun shows .  advocates say 40 % of gun sales are private transactions , including gun shows .  nra challenges the 40 % figure and disputes the `` loophole '' characterizatio .
 nepalese authorities confiscate tibetan ballot boxes <sec> tibetans were casting their votes for a government in exile .  tibet is an autonomous part of china .  nepal does not allow anti-chinese activities on its soi .
 jurors convict juvenile in chicago teen 's beating death <sec> new : sentencing will be january 18 .  jurors deliberated only 30 minutes before convicting the youth .  police said derrion albert was an innocent bystander .  he got in the middle of a street fight between two faction .
 church plans quran-burning event <sec> dove world outreach center to host `` international burn a quran day '' .  in video , pastor says islam is `` a religion of the devil '' .  the national association of evangelicals is asking the church to call off the event .  the council on american-islamic relations is calling on muslims to launch education effort .
 police : as many as 20 present at gang rape outside school dance <sec> 10 people involved in assault , 10 others watched and offered no help , police say .  richmond , california , police say student was gang raped for over two hours .  former student , 19 , and 15-year-old arrested .  victim , 15 , remains in the hospital in stable conditio .
 nike unveils rory mcilroy : tiger 's heir apparent <sec> nike announces multi-year sponsorship deal with golf 's world no . .  1 rory mcilroy .  sports firm see mcilroy as heir apparent to tiger woods according to experts .  nike to reap the rewards of two of golf 's top names competing against each other .  bumper deal catapults mcilroy into one of sports ' biggest earner .
 putin accuses u.s. of orchestrating georgian war <sec> russian prime minister vladimir putin accuses u.s. of plotting conflict .  putin says u.s. did it to help one of the presidential candidates .  russia fails to win support of asian security alliance over georgia .  russia had appealed to the shanghai cooperation organization for backin .
 liberian president criticizes ebola patient in dallas <sec> `` flaw '' in electronic records hid thomas eric duncan 's travel history , hospital says .  thomas eric duncan denied contact with ebola in liberia , official says .  `` the fact that he knew and he left the country is unpardonable , '' liberia 's president says .  so far there 's no sign anyone else in texas has contracted ebola , officials sa .
 fight against islamic militants forces nigerians to flee <sec> new : more than 180 women , kids freed from militants ' compound , official says .  more than 2,500 flee fighting between militants , government in northern nigeria .  more 400 people killed in nigerian violence , red cross official says .  militants holed up at base of operations in maiduguri , nigeri .
 african union : gadhafi will not be part of peace negotiations <sec> new : south africa 's president says civilian lives have been lost in nato bombings .  new : au : `` only a political solution will make it possible to ... settle the current conflict '' .  gadhafi will not be a part of talks , but it is unclear when they will occur , the au says .  libya says recent nato strikes killed civilians , but nato said there is no indication that it did s .
 goodbye , ahmadinejad : rouhani takes over as iran 's president <sec> u.s. and israel react to the swearing-in of iran 's new president hassan rouhani .  he officially ends mahmoud ahmadinejad 's presidency .  rouhani is a former military leader .  he will be a `` far more powerful president , '' says one analys .
 reports : kidnapped polish engineer executed in pakistan <sec> piotr stancza kidnapped september 28 from attock in punjab province .  polish authorities in pakistan checking local reports .  taliban had demanded release of prisoners , pullout of force .
 music a 'mega-vitamin ' for the brain <sec> london choir is made up of sufferers of neurological conditions , friends and carers .  growing evidence that music has neurological , physical , psychological benefits .  music used to boost rehabilitation of stroke patients , improve motor function .  new approaches to music therapy could bring field into mainstream rehab practic .
 germany captain ballack ruled out of world cup <sec> michael ballack has been ruled out of the world cup through injury .  ballack sustained ankle ligament damage playing for chelsea in the fa cup final .  german doctors say ballack will be out of action for up to two month .
 australian businessman pleads guilty in bomb scare case <sec> the case of peter paul douglas drew international news media attention .  he attached a fake bomb to the victim and left a note demanding money , police say .  peters was arrested in kentucky in august and extradited back to australia .  he pleads guilty in a sydney court to aggravated breaking and enterin .
 world cup : is team usa finished ? <sec> sunday 's tie with portugal makes it more difficult for usa to achieve its world cup dreams .  the americans secure a place if they beat or draw with germany .  netherlands tops group b with victory over chile .  new : brazil , mexico advance to the round of 16 with convincing victorie .
 chelsea star cole apologizes after arrest <sec> chelsea defender ashley cole apologizes after his arrest on thursday morning .  28-year-old england left-back was charged with drunk and disorderly conduct .  cole blames his frustration at paparazzi for swearing at london police officers .  cole is married to the girls aloud singer and reality tv judge cheryl col .
 nearly all u.s. troops on ebola mission leaving africa <sec> all but 100 u.s. troops will be brought home from west africa by april 30 , pentagon says .  there have been almost 8,800 known deaths from ebola since the outbreak bega .
 tom cotton unseats mark pryor , scores gop pickup - cnnpolitics.com <sec> after just one term in the house , republican tom cotton is headed for the senate .  cotton defeated two-term sen. mark pryor , who could n't overcome obama 's unpopularity in the state .  the win is one of six seats republicans needed if they are to regain control of the senat .
 mothers who drag their daughters down <sec> soledad o'brien : many young women struggle because mothers do n't fulfill their role .  she says it happens most often with substance abusers who fail their kids .  when young women need help most , they wind up having to care for their moms , she says .  o'brien : her foundation helps promising girls overcome obstacle .
 revolution , in the shape of a wheelchair <sec> an mit professor has developed an affordable all-terrain wheelchair for developing countries . .  the device has given disabled persons in poor countries more freedom . .  winter continues to pursue engineering-based solutions to worldwide social issues .
 china : one-child policy proves hard to undo <sec> china 's controversial one-child policy was recently relaxed .  however , there 's been no big rush for a second child .  many couples say the financial cost is too grea .
 my early days in the mobile revolution <sec> ten years ago , i was working on mobile apps for the weather channel .  we thought a wireless revolution might be coming but could not be sure .  media companies around the world are seeing businesses redefined by mobile tec .
 nypd detective pleads not guilty in assault on suv driver <sec> wojceich braszczok is one of several bikers charged in the september incident .  he was among four who pleaded not guilty wednesday .  the incident was recorded on a biker 's helmet , and video went vira .
 new zealand qualify for world cup <sec> rory fallon scored the only goal of the game to help new zealand qualify for the world cup for the first time since 1982 .  bahrain were handed a chance to equalize in the second half but mark paston saved sayed adnan 's weak penalty .  new zealand captain ryan nelsen paid tribute to the 35,100 fans for their inspirational support at the match in wellingto .
 senate republicans reject obama call to end 'big oil ' tax breaks <sec> new : the white house spokesman calls the senate vote `` unfortunate '' .  senate republicans block a democratic bill to end oil company tax breaks .  president obama says redirect the oil subsidies to clean energy development .  democrats and republicans both see a political advantage in debating the issu .
 u.s. capitol shooting called suicide ; lockdown lifted <sec> capitol police said a male shot himself as shocked onlookers watched .  the incident appears to have no connection to terrorism , police sai .
 giant squid ? solar system ? enter the garden of hypnotizing sculptures <sec> anthony howe makes `` kinetic '' sculptures which move in the wind .  the 59-year-old takes inspiration from the natural world and sci-fi -- among many other things .  howe `` sketches '' the sculptures on computer design packages , before laser cutting component .
 runner survived 3 days without water in forest -- with one kidney <sec> maria `` gina '' natero-armento , 36 , had no food or water for days .  she and her running partner say they got lost in cleveland national forest .  she was found in a ravine wednesday by a rescue helicopte .
 dating coach 's 8 top tips <sec> rachel greenwald says your true love wo n't show up on your doorstep .  dating coach says you have to go out and look for them .  she says to use facebook , twitter and your married friends as sources .  says there is no shame in hiring a dating coac .
 judge : no delay in dzhokhar tsarnaev 's trial <sec> a judge says an impartial jury can be seated in the case of dzhokhar tsarnaev .  jury selection in the alleged boston marathon bomber 's trial should resume thursday .  he and his brother are accused of planning and carrying out the deadly april 2013 bombing .
 chaos , terror unfold inside terminal 3 : 'gun ! everybody get down ' <sec> new : the gunman asked traveler leon saryan if he was a tsa officer .  as tim daly was evacuated , he says he saw a high-powered rifle and magazines .  witnesses say the shooting started just outside the tsa security checkpoint .  'we heard someone scream , 'a gun , everybody get down , ' '' says a passenge .
 'ex-terrorist ' rakes in homeland security bucks <sec> walid shoebat advises police to investigate islamic groups and mosques .  he says he 's a former palestinian terrorist who once bombed an israeli bank .  a cnn investigation found no evidence to support his biography .  a senate committee has raised concerns about `` self-appointed counterterrorism experts .
 salacious video defames journalist critical of azerbaijani government <sec> an investigative journalist in azerbaijan is under fire for a sexually explicit video .  the video was recorded via hidden camera and posted online to defame her .  khadija ismayilova believes the government is behind the smear campaign .  the government denies this and has blamed it on 'subversive forces .
 despite successes , charter school takeovers draw protests <sec> mastery charter school 's shoemaker campus has seen big rise in students ' test scores .  some students , parents do n't want their schools taken over by charter school operators .  student protest leader : `` we should have a say in what they were trying to do to our school '' .  the debate over charter schools is happening in communities across the countr .
 'waterman 's ' weapon against pollution : oysters <sec> new : watch cnn.com live earth day coverage at 4 p.m. , 7 p.m. , 9 p.m . .  et .  pollution in united states ' largest estuary has reduced fish , crabs and oysters .  chesapeake bay project aims to grow millions of oyster `` moms and dads '' .  oysters can help crabs and fish flourish by filtering poisons from the wate .
 italian island of elba marks 200th anniversary of napoleon 's exile <sec> tuscany 's elba island is celebrating 200th anniversary of napoleon 's exile to elba .  reenactment of emperor 's arrival is one of many events for the bicentennial .  the people of elba remember napoleon 's legacy fondl .
 'american idol ' alum joanne borgella dies <sec> singer and model joanne borgella dies after battle with cancer .  borgella made it to top 24 of `` american idol '' season 7 .  borgella went on to model professionally and create her own jewelry and clothing lines .  borgella documented her battle with cancer on facebook pag .
 more than 2,900 convicted criminal immigrants arrested , ice says <sec> new : there are still 1 million convicted criminal immigrants in u.s. , ice says .  the latest operation spanned all 50 states and four u.s. territories .  nearly 1,300 had multiple convictions , ice officials say .  `` cross check '' operations have taken in more than 7,400 criminal alien .
 sony profits fall 95 percent <sec> sales were down 25 percent across the company .  electronics and games especially hard hit , with sales falling 30 percent or more .  sony warned last week it will close out fiscal year with operating loss of $ 2.9 billio .
 israeli director tackles family mystery in 'the flat ' <sec> israeli director arnon goldfinger was shocked by what he found out about his grandparents .  his quest became the award winning documentary `` the flat '' .  he says he faced a difficult decision with the projec .
 as sandy descends , tips from katrina survivors <sec> kathleen koch : katrina survivors share suggestions for coping with hurricane sandy .  tips include bringing outdoor solar lights inside at night if power goes out , she says .  also , have tire repair kits for nail debris ; text , do n't call , to save battery charge , she says .  koch : take chance to bond with neighbors ; times of disaster reveal humanity , strengt .
 do n't ban e-cigarettes on airplanes ( opinion ) <sec> department of transportation has a proposal to ban e-cigarettes in planes .  marc scribner : this has more to do with pushing a nanny-state agenda than promoting public health benefit .
 beef sold in two states recalled over salmonella concerns <sec> ground beef products were sold in arizona , new mexico .  the beef from beef packers inc. was sold under different brand names .  salmonella strain found in two people is resistant to commonly prescribed drugs , agency say .
 8 arrested at protest outside mosque in london <sec> seven people arrested for having weapons like bleach , a hammer , chisel .  organizer of planned protest was arrested `` to prevent a breach of the peace '' .  1,000 people showed up to counter a planned a right-wing demonstration .  web site says group does n't want islam to be `` dominant political force in europe .
 panasonic shares hit 30-year low on loss <sec> panasonic posts annual loss of almost $ 10 billion , prompting shares to drop .  company attributed fall to drop in demand after earthquake , tsunami and higher yen .  follows record loss for rival sony announced thursday of $ 5.7 billion .  both companies hit by extra competition , sluggish sales of flat-screen tv .
 texas a & m ; professor threatens to fail whole class <sec> irwin horwitz threatens to fail his entire class .  his fiery email goes viral ; he now wonders if the unwanted attention will affect his caree .
 after babies ' deaths , more scrutiny for kentucky surgeon <sec> new : the hospital releases overall mortality rates ; cnn asks for more details .  dr. mark plunkett was the chief heart surgeon at kentucky children 's hospital .  he resigned to take a position with university of florida health .  uf says it 's reviewing his application after a cnn investigation was publishe .
 man arrested in philip seymour hoffman case gets a no-jail deal <sec> max rosenblum gets probation after pleading guilty to a drug charge .  hoffman was found dead february 2 of an apparent drug overdose .  rosenblum 's lawyer says his client had nothing to do with hoffma .
 japan moves north korean defectors to south korea <sec> the nine say they are from north korea .  they include men , women and children .  the group has been questioned in japan for weeks .  it is rare for north korean defectors to sail to japan 's coas .
 author j.d . salinger dies at 91 <sec> reclusive author dies wednesday at new hampshire home .  there will be no service , family says in statement .  `` salinger had remarked that he was in this world but not of it , '' statement say .
 'leap second ' to be added to world 's clocks on june 30 <sec> a `` leap second '' will be added to the world 's standard time on june 30 .  the move is to keep clocks in sync with the earth 's rotatio .
 who is boko haram leader abubakar shekau ? <sec> analysts describe shekau as a loner and a master of disguise .  when he came to power , he vowed to strike back against the military .  he uses islam to recruit the disenfranchised .  the u.s. has placed a bounty on his hea .
 family learned over internet that son was killed <sec> jamal bana had been missing for months ; family learns of his death via internet .  death is part of wider federal inquiry of terror recruiting by somali group in u.s . .  imam of minneapolis mosque says terror recruiters are not at his mosque .  two men charged in u.s. with providing material support to terrorist .
 spotify study : music more sexually arousing than touch <sec> study : listening to `` bohemian rhapsody , '' `` dirty dancing '' can be arousing .  forty percent of respondents said music is more important than touch of a partner .  uk study questioned people between 18 and 91 years old .  other hot tracks ? .  `` sex on fire , '' `` bolero , '' `` sexual healing .
 third nigerian fails commonwealth games drugs test <sec> nigeria 's folashade abugan has tested positive for a banned substance .  she has been stripped of the silver medals she won in the 400m and 4x400m relay .  she is the third nigerian to fail a drugs test at the commonwealth game .
 pastor : gop may be downplaying palin 's religious beliefs <sec> sarah palin belonged to pentecostal church for more than two decades until 2002 .  campaign : palin is deeply religious , does n't consider herself pentecostal .  pastor : issues of belief could be misunderstood , played upon by people .  speaking of the troops in iraq , palin says they were sent on `` task that is from god .
 everything you wanted to know about the euro crisis ( but were afraid to ask ) <sec> the crisis in the eurozone has dominated the region 's finances and disrupted global markets .  the crisis has introduced financial jargon into everyday conversation .  cnn can help you understand your bond yields from your banking intervention .
 troops deployed to northern honduras after clashes leave 11 dead <sec> new : honduran government minister : attackers `` want it to look like they are peasants '' .  at least 600 troops and police will be deployed , the honduran government says .  dinant corporation says hundreds ambushed security guards at one of its ranches .  the area is the site of land disputes between peasants and corporate landowner .
 aaron douglas : dragon*con 's mercurial sci-fi fan <sec> aaron douglas auditioned for 2 parts on `` battlestar galactica '' before landing role of chief tyrol .  known for being the life of the party at dragon*con , douglas brings a party with him .  once upon a time , douglas thought he would make a good lawye .
 marine killed after shooting spree in texas <sec> marine esteban smith was based in a camp lejeune in north carolina .  he was killed sunday after police say he shot six people in three towns .  police found two weapons , hundreds of rounds of ammunition in his truc .
 opinion : 10 % of americans like congress : are they nuts ? <sec> cnn poll shows congress has only a 10 % approval rating . .  dean obeidallah asks `` who are these people ? '' .  and goes in search of them .  nobody admitted to being a `` ten percenter , '' but lots of people speculated on them .  obeidallah : vote out the bums who burn down government to advance their career .
 queen of the selfie : the enduring allure of frida kahlo <sec> 60th anniversary of frida kahlo 's death .  new retrospective of mexican painter 's work in rome .  'phenomenon ' of women dressing as legendary artist .  most famous for surreal self-portraits , today sell for $ 5 .
