 at least 7 killed in bangladesh clothing factory fire <sec> fire breaks out in clothing factory north of dhaka .  at least 7 reported dead .  the cause was not immediately know .
 boston prepares for more snow , possible blizzard <sec> strong winds are expected in this storm , all the way to western north carolina .  massachusetts governor declares next week as valentine 's week .  bostonians had just dug out ; mayor says the city will keep shoveling sno .
 official : boston bombs built in tamerlan tsarnaev 's apartment <sec> new : the family will not bring tamerlan 's body back to russia , spokeswoman said .  source : dzhokhar tsarnaev says plans changed days before bombing .  body of tamerlan tsarnaev has been claimed by family .  brothers considered a suicide attack on july 4 , source tells cn .
 selena gomez : kids want to help , too <sec> actress and singer selena gomez is also unicef 's youngest goodwill ambassador .  she is also the spokeswoman for the organization 's trick-or-treat campaign .  gomez on visiting ghana : 'it makes you more aware of how fortunate you are .
 a christian prayer for peace in syria <sec> gas reports `` could be excuses for foreign military intervention '' .  a flare-up is reported in a christian-druze enclave outside damascus .  rebels hold a town in idlib province , says opposition syrian observatory for human rights .  a mysterious gas kills six people in homs , a doctor and an opposition group sa .
 isis claims blast near u.s. consulate in iraq <sec> all u.s. consulate personnel safe after blast , state department spokeswoman says .  suicide bombers blow up car near the u.s. consulate in irbil , ira .
 houthi loyalists reject yemeni president 's reforms <sec> houthi official says protests will continue , government did not involve houthis in the initiative .  tens of thousands demand revocation of oil subsidy reform , call for a new government .  official : `` we do not agree with the initiative ... and we will stand with the yemeni people .
 brain-damaged woman at center of wal-mart suit <sec> debbie shank , 52 , suffered severe brain damage in a traffic accident .  wal-mart 's health plan sued shank and her family to recoup what it paid out .  the shanks got money in suit ; wal-mart says policy means couple ca n't get benefits .  couple 's son was killed in iraq after they lost lawsuit to wal-mar .
 federer leads charge of the old men <sec> roger federer continues to be a major force in the men 's game despite his advancing years .  the swiss champion heads a rankings list with 24 players over 30 in the top 100 .  andre agassi 's fitness coach gil reyes says modern game takes great toll on body .  strength was a key factor in agassi 's longevity allowing him to play with `` great relevance '' up until age of 3 .
 royal baby birth : everything you ever wanted to know <sec> catherine , the duchess of cambridge , is expected to give birth any day now .  scientists say it 's slightly more likely to be a girl .  the birth will be announced via a formal bulleti .
 a celebration of almost-great men <sec> chester arthur maintained lucrative employment as the collector for port of ny .  andrew johnson took his 1865 vice-presidential oath drunk and belligerent as hell .  aaron burr tried to conspire with napoleon to conquer florida , but failed .  both aaron burr and john breckenridge were charged with treaso .
 sighs of relief on the front lines of the abortion battle <sec> some say abortion provider 's death marks end of wichita 's reputation as `` abortion capital '' .  scott roeder was convicted friday of killing abortion provider dr. george tiller .  the shooting stirred emotions among residents who had wearied of the abortion debat .
 world cup : can little uruguay roar ? <sec> uruguay is hoping to knock out italy to get a place in the final 16 .  it 's the smallest country in the world cup , with a population not much bigger than rome 's .  uruguay striker luis suarez is one of the most controversial players in the sport today .  he 's been banned for biting opponents twice and for racial abuse onc .
 michael jackson death trial takes odd twist <sec> new : co-author of aeg live propofol study was hired after losing pizza parlor job .  new : study co-author was `` destitute , dead broke , '' aeg live expert testifies .  aeg live funded the expert 's propofol research paper .  the wrongful death case is nearing an end after four month .
 man indicted in fake bomb scare at airport <sec> scott mcgann carried fake bomb into laguardia airport terminal , authorities say .  mcgann , 32 , indicted on terror-related charges , prosecutor says .  suspect undergoing court-ordered psychiatric evaluation .  incident disrupted travel plans for passengers , caused some flight cancellation .
 opinion : eat this fish and do the planet a favor <sec> sally kohn : epa is blocking mining in alaska 's bristol bay to protect the healthy wild salmon .  kohn : pollution , climate change , overfishing threaten our stock of fish that are best to eat .  kohn : one of the best is the alaska wild salmon , another is tasty , healthy sardines .  check out the easy recipe for grilled sardines from a brooklyn , new york , che .
 poll : many muslims in mideast , pakistan have poor view of al qaeda <sec> new : pakistanis do not grieve for osama bin laden , an interfaith expert says .  a poll finds that 55 % of muslims there have an unfavorable view of al qaeda .  negative views of the terrorist group are higher in four mideast countries .  sympathy for the network is highest among muslims in egyp .
 unc whistle-blower battles for permission to study athlete literacy <sec> unc claims mary willingham made `` serious mistakes '' .  willingham was shocked by the number of unc athletes who struggled to read .  she stands by her data .  university releases own dat .
 vine stars get 15-minutes of fame , 6-seconds at a time <sec> vine stars have gained millions of followers for 6-second videos .  the twitter-owned vine is helping some actors launch careers .  they make money through sponsored vines and even have representative .
 can 'biochar ' save the planet ? <sec> 'biochar ' may reduce greenhouse gases , produce clean energy , help farming .  organic waste can be turned into valuable , renewable resources .  ancient farming method could improve crop yields .  experts : biochar could reduce harmful global co2 level .
 show me the wonga : epl shirt deals reach new heights <sec> english premier league leads the way in lucrative shirt sponsorship deals .  epl clubs near $ 200 million per year mark , europe 's top clubs make $ 643m annually .  newcastle sign controversial shirt deal with loans company called wonga .  world 's biggest shirt deals sees qatar foundation pay barcelona $ 38m a yea .
 business turns buck on the back of japan pm 's fashion <sec> pm yukio hatoyama came under fire for wearing multi-colored shirt .  two high school friends see brilliance in japan pm 's fashion choice .  they are offering a replica of the shirt .  hatoyama wore the shirt at a bbq while trying to boost his sagging approval rating .
 bruce jenner involved in car accident with one death <sec> jenner 's suv hit a car and pushed it into the path of an oncoming hummer , police say .  driver of the car was killed , sheriff 's deputy tells reporters .  as police investigate scene , a fifth car went through barriers and crashed into two vehicle .
 student was killed after meeting friends at bar <sec> kelly nolan went missing in june 2007 ; her body was found two weeks later .  she had been drinking at a bar when she split with friends .  witness says man in bar was `` giving her the creeps '' .  know something ? .  call ( 608 ) 266-6014 . .  a reward is offere .
 cia team allowed to examine bin laden compound <sec> an official declined to say when the visit will happen .  the cia has wanted to return to the compound where bin laden was killed .  official : the team will `` gather up any additional information that can be found .
 georgia family seeks return of slain daughter 's child <sec> corrissa friends was shot to death august 11 .  her estranged husband is wanted in connection with the killing .  `` the wheels of justice sometimes move a little slowly , '' police chief say .
 leann rimes interested in 'x factor ' judges post <sec> sources say leann rimes is interested in joining `` x factor '' .  simon cowell is seeking to fill the spots vacated by paula abdul and nicole scherzinger .  rimes would add country music expertis .
 decades without daylight : 'west memphis three ' describe life in prison <sec> the three men were released last month after 18 years in prison .  they were convicted of the 1993 murder of three boys in west memphis , arkansas .  no evidence links them directly to the crime .  they have always maintained their innocenc .
 frank discusses coming out as gay , going out as congressman <sec> `` it worked out better than i thought , '' frank says of revealing he is gay .  frank will retire after his current term in congress .  he says he is leaving one term earlier than he first planned .  frank , a democrat , was first elected to the house from massachusetts in 198 .
 brawn : mercedes car changes will revive schumacher 's f1 fortunes <sec> mercedes team principal says changes will be made to michael schumacher 's car .  schumacher has struggled on his return to formula one .  the german has picked up just ten points so fa .
 foreman : raging arizona <sec> some blame arizona 's culture for shootings , foreman writes , but is that realistic ? .  arizona has very lenient gun laws , but places with stricter laws have higher crime rates .  arizona 's rates of hate crimes , extremist groups are comparable to other states .  anger , vicious political debate are found everywhere , foreman say .
 opinion : a new breed of terror in n. ireland <sec> writers : g8 summit in northern ireland presents a security nightmare as ira rises again .  al qaeda-inspired terrorists killed 52 people in london during 2005 summit in scotland .  writers say that this year , new energized ira groups are an underestimated threat .  this is not the provo ira of old , they say ; these are fanatical splinter group .
 mass pileup on texas highway leaves multiple casualties <sec> new : 54 people are injured in a vehicle pileup on a texas highway .  new : four people remain in critical condition .  new : texas state highway 73 is shut down after a pileup involving at least 50 vehicles .  it was likely caused by poor visibility stemming from a mixture of smoke and fo .
 sky news cameraman mick deane killed in cairo violence <sec> cnn journalists pay tribute to cameraman mick deane , a former co-worker .  deane was killed while covering the violence in cairo for sky news .  his producer says he was shot by a sniper as he lifted his camera to film at sit-in camp .  deane , 61 , had worked for sky for 15 years , based in washington and jerusale .
 zimbabwe issues $ 1 million bills as inflation soars <sec> zimbabwe 's inflation rate is officially 230 million percent per year .  independent analysts say the rate is really billions of percentage points .  country has issued bills as high as z $ 100 billion in the past .  current highest note , $ z50,000 , is not enough to buy half a loaf of brea .
 arizona police officer sues over immigration law <sec> law allows police to ask anyone for proof of legal u.s. residency .  lawsuit says law will `` seriously impede law enforcement investigations '' .  suit says there are no `` race-neutral criteria '' to determine who in the u.s. lawfully .  arizona gov . .  jan brewer says law does not involve racial profilin .
 booming illegal ivory trade taking severe toll on africa 's elephants , groups say <sec> china says it has enacted laws and regulations on ivory trafficking .  elephant poaching is the worst it has been in 10 years , wildlife groups say .  it is being driven by strong demand for ivory from countries like china .  weak law enforcement in central africa enables the slaughter , activists sa .
 hayley turner : trailblazing jockey breaks her body for fun <sec> history-making female jockey hayley turner has made history in flat racing .  not even broken bones or head injuries have kept her away from the sport of kings .  turner is adamant that being a jockey is not a man 's world and women can thrive .  she says of her many injuries in her career : `` i could break bones all day long .
 acl : the dreaded five-second knee injury <sec> the anterior cruciate ligament , inside the knee , serves a crucial function .  acl injuries are increasing among young athletes .  a new report recommends training to prevent acl injurie .
 raw satellite data on mh370 to be released tuesday , malaysia says <sec> malaysian acting transport minister says the inmarsat data will be made public .  families of passengers on the missing flight have called for its release .  no physical trace has been found of the passenger jet or the people it was carryin .
 anton claims zoncolan stage as contador increases lead <sec> igor anton of spain wins prestigious 14th stage of the giro d'italia .  anton finishes 33 seconds clear of alberto contador who increases overall lead .  vincenzo nibali claims third place on stage which finished on zoncolan clim .
 hackers behind gamers ' offline misery ? <sec> playstation , xbox had 'network issues ' well into friday .  hacker group 'lizard squad ' has claimed responsibility .  lizard squad has a history of going after sony .  in august , it may have managed to divert a flight carrying sony exe .
 rand paul stakes out libertarian claim in iowa - cnnpolitics.com <sec> rand paul kicks off his first event in iowa this year with events that appeal to libertarian-minded voters .  effort builds on the foundation that his father established in the state during his 2008 and 2012 presidential campaign .
 red hot chili peppers on super bowl performance : yep , we faked it <sec> bassist flea says he `` would do it all the same way again '' .  he insists the band was not trying to trick anyone but was honoring nfl 's stance .  the group 's guitars were not plugged in during its super bowl xlviii performanc .
 more somalis flee heavy fighting in capital <sec> fighting has triggered flight of more than 67,000 somalis since may 8 .  most heading to afgooye corridor , a 30-kilometer stretch of ramshackle housing .  president sheikh sharif sheikh ahmed speaking at a conference in mogadishu .  ahmed fears foreign fighters will turn somalia into another iraq or afghanista .
 opinion : nightmare in mexico <sec> ruben navarrette : u.s. mother jailed in mexico on what looks like bogus drug charges .  he says funds to fight drugs in mexico were n't meant to hold innocent people in jail .  mexico is supposed to be beyond this kind of police and court corruption , he says .  he says yanira maldonado , mother of 7 , is home with her family , nightmare ove .
 allison janney talks controversial role , 'west wing ' reunion <sec> allison janney is co-staring in a youtube original production .  she plays a pro-choice doctor opposite dakota fanning .  janney says she has `` always hated reality television .
 with farc negotiations on table , colombian president seeks 2nd term <sec> juan manuel santos announced he will run for re-election .  santos has put his efforts into a peace process with the farc .  the peace process could hinge on the electoral outcom .
 ronaldinho returns to brazil after sealing flamengo move <sec> flamengo announce the signing of former brazil international ronaldinho .  the 30-year-old leaves italian leaders ac milan to pen a contract until 2015 .  he had been courted by hometown club gremio , palmeiras and blackburn .  la galaxy 's david beckham begins his training stint with english club tottenha .
 drunken driver sentenced to 51 years for killing baseball pitcher <sec> andrew thomas gallo , 23 , was on probation from a prior drunken driving conviction .  gallo killed los angeles angels pitcher nick adenhart and two others .  adenhart had just pitched his fourth-ever major league game hours earlie .
 hillary clinton , barack obama both wrong ( opinion ) <sec> timothy stanley : hillary clinton criticized obama on foreign policy in magazine interview .  stanley : she 'd have been more aggressive . .  particularly in arab world , her critique has point .  he says obama appears to have hung back , but america did n't want military adventuring .  stanley : a candidate must show u.s. they know what 's worth fighting fo .
 al-assad : i wish the turkish jet shootdown did n't happen <sec> new : the tuesday death toll stands at 71 , an opposition group said .  bashar al-assad : israeli planes have used the same corridor where turkish jet was downed .  al-assad : turkey 's prime minister wants to stir up animosities .  envoy kofi annan 's spokesman says forging peace will be `` a long , bumpy road .
 bear attacks jogger at joint base elmendorf-richardson in alaska <sec> jogger runs up on female bear with cubs .  bear claws woman 's arms , legs , neck and torso , cnn affiliate reports .  despite injuries , woman walks a mile uphill to get hel .
 why do republicans oppose unemployment benefits ? - cnnpolitics.com <sec> republicans have once again blocked an extension of unemployment benefits .  this is the third time the democrats have attempted to pass a bill on the issue .  there are 1.7 million workers who have seen their benefits cut off since december 28 .  most americans support the program , according to poll .
 florida closes foley investigation without charges <sec> former lawmaker accused of sending suggestive messages to house pages .  florida agency wo n't file charges against ex-rep. mark foley , official says .  foley , congress blocked access to `` critical data , '' agency says .  foley did not engage in sexual activity with minors , his attorney say .
 gop ratchets up health care reform debate <sec> gop rep. deal : obama spent more time picking a dog than health care plan .  obama 's health care fight hit a major snag this week .  sen. inhofe , r-oklahoma , says it 's unlikely the president will get a bill this year .  inhofe says stalling health care reform could be good for gop in 201 .
 sacked french workers free 3m manager <sec> french workers free manager held hostage for 24 hours in labor dispute .  3m factory in dispute announced plans to lay off 110 workers .  anger growing in u.s. and europe over job cuts and high bonuse .
 boeing resumes dreamliner tests to get faa certification <sec> a fire on board one of the planes causes a power failure during a test flight .  tests are halted after the incident .  once the plane meets faa approval , boeing can begin filling orders .  the dreamliner is boeing 's next-generation passenger je .
 how to buy your first serious piece of chinese art <sec> new to chinese art ? .  remember the mantra : research , research , research .  blue-chip always pays , so buy high , sell high -- if you can afford it .  maoist kitsch is so over , be adventurous and look for new media , video , and photograph .
 n. ireland bombers gave little warning , police say <sec> attackers who planted bomb in n. ireland gave only 17 minutes warning before explosion .  british pm gordon brown condemned car bombing outside court in newry .  no one was killed or injured in the blast .  about 3,000 people died in decades of violence before 1998 peace agreemen .
 georgia teen kendrick johnson 's death not accidental , new autopsy says <sec> new autopsy : teen 's death caused by `` apparent non-accidental , blunt force trauma '' .  kendrick johnson , 17 , was found headfirst in a rolled-up gym mat at high school .  georgia law enforcement said his death was accidental , caused by positional asphyxia .  kendrick 's family demanded outside exam after law enforcement finding .
 10 shocking medical mistakes <sec> expert : medical errors kill more than 250,000 people in the united states yearly .  `` mistakes are happening every day in every hospital in the country , '' says top doctor .  there are strategies you can use to help doctors and nurses get things righ .
 robbers pose as mormon missionaries , make off with cash , electronics <sec> the suspects made off with $ 3,000 , ipads and an ipod , cnn affiliate ktnv reports .  police release images of the men wearing black pants , white shirts , black ties and backpacks .  `` thankfully , impersonating missionaries is very rare , '' says a church spokeswoma .
 cooking up a storm : chef puts polish cuisine on the map <sec> wojciech amaro is a polish chef aiming to put his country 's culinary craft on the map .  amaro is the man behind poland 's first michelin star restaurant .  his scientific approach to food has enabled him to create a distinctive styl .
