 boeing can conduct dreamliner test flights <sec> faa authorizes dreamliner test flights as part of effort to address electrical problem .  boeing `` confident '' flight tests can be performed safely .  safety board investigators intensify scrutiny of tests that led to battery approval .  dreamliners grounded in january ; plane is big bet for world 's largest plane manufacture .
 joe jackson suffers 'mild ' stroke <sec> joe jackson , 83 , '' is in very good spirits '' following a stroke , a source says .  it is jackson 's 3rd `` mild '' stroke in five years , another source says .  he created the jackson 5 , the legendary r & b and pop group made up of his son .
 cuban spy renounces u.s. citizenship <sec> rené gonzález spent years in u.s. prisons after being convicted in 2001 .  he was a member of the so-called `` cuban five '' network of cuban agents .  now back in havana , he has renounced his u.s. citizenship as a u.s. judge required .  `` i am a soldier for the cuban revolution , '' gonzález declares at a news conferenc .
 kerry sends out call to arms on the ebola crisis <sec> kerry spoke at the state department on friday to a group of foreign ambassadors . .  kerry praised a handful of countries for their contributions to the effort , including cuba . .  kerry said `` ebola has the potential to become a scourge like hiv or polio '' .
 north korea warns seoul against military exercises near flashpoint <sec> new : russian foreign ministry urges united states and south korea to call off military drill .  november drill on yeonpyeong isand resulted shelling by north korea , four deaths .  north korea says it will deliver a `` self-defensive blow '' to the south if military exercise takes place .  yeonpyeong island is a flashpoint between the korea .
 letter urges israeli girls to avoid dating arabs <sec> the letter is written by prominent rabbis ' wives .  it says girls should not date or work with arab men .  it follows another letter urging jews not to sell or rent property to arab .
 russian boy 's return shocked , saddened driver <sec> american family sent adopted boy back to russia , claiming violent behavior .  man says he was hired to pick up 7-year-old , who had flown from washington alone .  no one at russian ministry was expecting return .  boy gave him airline wings , hand-drawn picture before being taken awa .
 border security push is a joke <sec> ruben navarrette : tightened border security wo n't prevent immigration .  he says washington 's moves reveal ignorance about 1,969 mile u.s.-mexico border .  if people are intent on getting across , they 'll find a way , he say .
 opinion : can john kerry end the gaza-israel bloodshed ? <sec> secretary of state john kerry went to the middle east to try to end the gaza battle .  aaron miller : need for peace is urgent , but do hamas and israel feel time is right for deal ? .  u.s. is not in a position to mediate a solution by itself but can work with others , he says .  miller : it 's too late to end crisis with just a cease-fire ; a broader deal is neede .
 google street view goes inside airbus a380 <sec> an emirates airbus a380 is the first aircraft to be explored via google street view .  views can enter the cockpit or the bar at the back of the upper deck .  first class has a shower for the premium-paying passengers .  currently ten airlines operate the a380 , with ten more with orders for the plan .
 official : drug traces found with two dead on 'captain phillips ' ship <sec> new : maersk , security contractor launch drug action plan after deaths .  needles , traces of narcotics found with dead contractors , seychelles official says .  two american security contractors were former navy seals , executive says .  a colleague found the bodies in a ship cabi .
 scarlett johansson adding to action credentials with 'ghost in the shell ' <sec> scarlett johansson has been cast in adaptation of `` ghost in the shell , '' variety reports .  the live-action movie is to be based on a classic anime film .  it would be the latest action role for johansson after `` avengers , '' `` lucy .
 the best times to visit malmo <sec> if you love music , do n't miss the malmo festival held every august .  the buff film festival for kids is a great family-friendly event .  hit the city 's free ice skating rinks to get in the winter holiday spiri .
 zakaria : 'fatal wound ' inflicted on iranian regime 's ideology <sec> `` we are watching the fall of islamic theocracy '' in iran , fareed zakaria tells cnn .  zakaria : `` street and state are at odds again , but this time the clerics are divided '' .  obama 's overtures make it hard for regime to demonize u.s. , zakaria say .
 cdc : more states reporting widespread flu <sec> widespread seasonal activity is increasing , the cdc says .  the cases appear to be those of a typical season .  h1n1 is the primary strain seen ; it 's no longer called `` swine flu .
 poet , musician gil scott-heron dies <sec> new : gil scott-heron is best known for the 1970 song `` the revolution will not be televised '' .  new : scott-heron 's music has been sampled by hip hop stars , including kanye west and common .  new : in 2008 , scott-heron told a reporter he had contracted hiv .  after a 13-year hiatus from making music , scott-heron put out a new album last yea .
 police : black student marked with 'kkk ' at deaf school <sec> groups of white , black students argued on gallaudet university campus .  police : white students and one black student later assaulted black student .  teens could face criminal charges , including hate crimes , police said .  none have been charged yet , said polic .
 after abu hamza verdict : how to beat extreme islamist preachers <sec> ghaffar hussain : we need to confront extreme islamist narratives .  preacher abu hamza , found guilty this week on terror charges , renowned for radicalization .  undermine radicals by offering a stronger worldview , says hussai .
 convicted child rapist who cut off ankle monitor caught <sec> eric hartwell is a convicted sex offender who was at a group home .  he appears to have cut off his ankle monitor and fled .  he was caught in virgini .
 koch brothers plan to step up efforts in tight race <sec> koch-founded group will increase efforts to support sen. pat roberts in final weeks of the campaign .  kansas senate race is suddenly competitive .  kansas has n't sent a democrat to the senate in 80 year .
 french rogue trader kerviel found guilty <sec> jerome kerviel is sentenced to three years in prison .  he is also fined $ 6.75 billion in damages .  kerviel was convicted of all the charges against him .  his lawyer calls the verdict `` unreasonable .
 gaza cease-fire extended 24 hours <sec> new : 'there has n't been any progress , ' lead palestinian negotiator complains .  new : another palestinian official believes the situation is 'very fragile ' .  indirect talks on a lasting peace deal have been taking place in cairo .  israeli negotiators have been told to be steadfast on security , says israel 's p .
 high winds , snow could impact holiday travel <sec> newark is the only airport where weather delays are reported .  severe weather snarled travel in the south on thursday .  a winter storm wreaks havoc on new mexic .
 obama is asked to focus on darfur <sec> human rights activist calls for `` peace surge '' in darfur , sudan .  activists ask obama to create team to focus on darfur in first 100 days .  during campaign , obama said ending crisis would be a priority on `` day one .
 nation 's first offshore wind farm approved for nantucket sound <sec> new : interior secretary ken salazar : cape cod wind farm is start of `` new energy frontier '' .  salazar approves nation 's first offshore wind farm .  battle over the 130 wind turbines has raged for nine years in cape cod .  the wind farm will cover about 25 square miles of nantucket soun .
 should airport shooting scare travelers ? <sec> a shootout monday at mexico city 's international airport left three dead .  many tourists already bypass the airport as they head to resort destinations .  despite violence , many areas of mexico are still safe , travel agents sa .
 construction to resume on national 9/11 museum , bloomberg and cuomo say <sec> the museum and memorial are at the world trade center site .  the memorial opened last year , but a budget dispute halted work on the museum .  new york city 's mayor and the state 's governor say the dispute has been resolved .  mayor bloomberg says work will resume soon `` and will not stop until the museum is completed .
 what tom ford did next <sec> this month on art of life tom ford gives us access to his life and work .  monital rajpal gets to know the man behind the brand in an exclusive interview .  ford talks about his menswear label at the flagship store on madison ave .  a guided tour of ford 's london home and his favourite places to eat and rela .
 bomb meant for militants kills 20 children in yemen <sec> one car bomb hit houthi militants ; another exploded next to a school bus , officials say .  both bombs , apparently from al qaeda fighters , were meant for houthi militants , officials say .  houthis , al qaeda have been fighting in yemen for month .
 meet the new america 's cup 'flying yacht ' making big waves <sec> introducing ac72 -- the new america 's cup yacht .  much smaller , lighter and faster than predecessor .  but with greater speed has also come some safety concerns .  follows death of andrew simpson , after yacht capsized during trainin .
 castaway turned celebrity alvarenga returns to native el salvador <sec> alvarenga appears in a wheelchair in san salvador 's airport , looking tired and weak .  he says he survived more than a year stranded at sea .  his family says it 's been eight years since his last visit to his native town .  official says of alvarenga 's newfound celebrity : `` he does n't know what awaits him .
 mideast peace starts with talking to iran <sec> gary sick : mideast issues are all bound up together , impossible to disentangle .  syria , iran , israel , the palestinians , saudi arabia : all are intertwined politically .  obama 's first step must be to deal with iran , he says , accepting compromise essential .  sick : iran deal would cut threat of war , help in syria , lesson risk of nuclear proliferation in regio .
 lindsay lohan attorney says club altercation charges 'not ready ' <sec> new : there was nothing for her to plead to , her attorney said after a court hearing .  new : lohan did n't attend the hearing .  she is accused of punching a woman at the avenue lounge in manhattan , new yor .
 doodling in a meeting ? maybe you 're just drawing inspiration <sec> sunni brown : doodles are an ancient human art form .  doodling is a way to visualize ideas and learn more quickly , says brown .  studies show those who doodle retain more of the information they are taugh .
 blind man and guide dog kicked off plane ; passengers follow in support <sec> albert rizzi , who is blind , boarded a us airways flight with guide dog , doxy .  rizzi says he got into a heated exchange with a flight attendant over doxy 's placement .  rizzi and doxy escorted off the plane ; other passengers followed in support .  us airways says it is investigating and that the pilot canceled flight for safet .
 lebron james becomes minority shareholder in liverpool fc <sec> lebron james becomes minority shareholder in english soccer club liverpool .  nba star signs representation deal with liverpool 's owners fenway sports group .  james is trying to gain equity in a number of global companies .  liverpool say james can open doors for the club and vice vers .
 opinion : a tale of lost luggage , and faith in government <sec> eric liu : i had an experience that gave me more faith in humanity , bureaucracy .  liu : many people helped me after i lost my luggage in a cab in new york city .  he says one of the lessons he learned is that government is not the enemy .  liu : government is not inherently inept ; it 's as bad or good as we make i .
 court blocks company from using obama campaign logo <sec> campaign committee filed trademark infringement lawsuit over use of `` rising sun '' logo .  judge says website ca n't sell merchandise with the image without campaign 's permission .  he says company ca n't mislead public into believing its products are sponsored by campaign .  company says campaign ca n't claim `` immediate harm , '' suggests logo is in public domai .
 passenger sues southwest airlines over hot tea spill <sec> woman suffered second-degree burns , is permanently scarred , lawyers say .  southwest does not have trays in front rows , which contributed to the accident , suit says .  `` we safely serve about 100 million drinks onboard every year , '' southwest say .
 fight against dalai lama will continue , top chinese official says <sec> top official calls for `` absolute fight '' against what he termed `` the dalai clique '' .  yu zhengsheng was speaking during a visit to western gansu province .  said talks will only start when dalai lama gives up 'tibet independence ' stance .  advocacy groups report tibetans were shot celebrating dalai lama 's birthda .
 stakes rise as drug war threatens to cross border <sec> sinaloa , gulf cartels battle for control of drug routes across u.s. border .  the turf war has spurred record death tolls with gunbattles , beheadings .  u.s. is doubling number of agents at border , spending $ 700 million .  agents , analysts compare situation to '90s battle against colombian cartel .
 greeks protest against austerity measures <sec> greek public sector workers began a 48-hour strike tuesday .  about 2000 teachers held a march past the finance ministry and parliament , say police .  the country faces tough austerity measures to meet eu and imf bailout conditions .  a €110 billion ( $ 146 billion ) aid package for greece was announced sunda .
 freddie gray dies one week after baltimore arrest <sec> an attorney for freddie gray 's family alleges that police are involved in a cover-up .  there are ongoing administrative and criminal investigations .  baltimore 's mayor promises to get the bottom of what happene .
 commentary : fulfilling 29-year-old promise to my sister <sec> nancy brinker : i made promise to my sister who died of breast cancer .  a cancer survivor , brinker says she 's dedicated herself to fighting the disease .  she says new legislation would go far toward energizing fight against cance .
 you still have the right to remain silent <sec> emily berman says supreme court ruling easing up on miranda protections is setback .  but , she says , it should cause congress to back off on legislating miranda changes .  congress stepping in on miranda risks political overreach , court challenges , she says .  berman : court has shown it 's willing to make own narrow interpretation on mirand .
 nasa grounded by government shutdown <sec> about 97 % of the u.s. space agency is furloughed .  space station astronauts , mission control will stay on the clock .  nasa takes to social media to respond to shutdow .
 police seek man in rape , robbery on bus in brazil <sec> the crimes occurred friday in a suburb west of rio de janeiro , police say .  police say a gunman robbed passengers and forced them to the front of the bus .  he then raped a woman and beat her with a gun , a police report says .  in march , an american tourist was raped , beaten on a minibus in rio 's copacabana are .
 remains identified as american missing in mexico <sec> mexican authorities say remains found in shallow grave are those of missing american .  harry devert was on a motorcycle ride through mexico .  family and friends in new york had not heard from him in months .  his last message mentions getting an `` escort out of some area .
 rory left in the shade by leader martin kaymer in abu dhabi <sec> martin kaymer leads abu dhabi championship after opening round 64 .  rory mcilroy and rickie fowler both card 67s .  first start of 2015 for world number one mcilroy .  aces for miguel angel jimenez and tom lewi .
 in cabinet revamp , japan 's noda brings in woman with china ties <sec> makiko tanaka is appointed to the post of education minister .  her father oversaw the normalization of relations with china 40 years ago .  tokyo and beijing are locked in a dispute over a group of remote island .
 thousands gather to mark anniversary of tiananmen square crackdown <sec> protesters converge on hong kong 's victoria park for a candlelight vigil .  it is the 22nd anniversary of the bloody crackdown on pro-democracy protesters .  the vigil is held after recent efforts to quash anti-government demonstration .
 christie would 'rather die ' than serve in u.s. senate <sec> gov . .  chris christie says he 's not running for office again in new jersey . .  the only job he would run for is the u.s. senate , but he 'd `` rather die '' than serve in congress .
 'the sopranos ' left mark on nj businesses <sec> the sopranos was shot in many new jersey locations .  fans still visit some of the places where the show was filmed .  one owner recalls the graciousness of the late james gandolfin .
 4 options for the u.s. to get snowden back <sec> demands , diplomacy , extradition are among options to get snowden back to face charges .  russia may be best option ; other countries mentioned have difficult relations with the united states .  snowden flew from hong kong to moscow ; his passport has been revoked .  military option of forcing any plane carrying snowden to land is unlikely , expert say .
 suspect in 1957 cold case charged as fugitive <sec> jack daniel mccullough is accused of killing a 7-year-old girl five decades ago .  maria ridulph disappeared in december of 1957 ; her remains were found over a year later .  mccullough was an initial suspect in ridulph 's disappearance .  after ridulph 's disapparance mccullough moved to seattle , washingto .
 ireporters fear ugly bridesmaid dress , seek alternatives <sec> ireporters shared horror stories of having to wear ugly bridesmaid dresses .  kimberlee norbury wore a `` saloon girl '' dress for her cousin 's theme wedding .  some brides are letting their attendants choose their own dresses .  ireport.com : see bridesmaids ' photos and stories , and share your ow .
 obama to move forward with plan to arm syrian rebels - cnnpolitics.com <sec> congressman worries about u.s. arms going to future enemies .  white house spokesman says military aid is to keep the syrian opposition going .  despite concerns , a house committee chairman offers support for the plan .  joint chiefs chair gen. martin dempsey : u.s. military involvement could cost billion .
 the gift of paid paternity leave <sec> fathers say paternity leave lets them bond with newborns .  the u.s. is one of few countries that does not provide paid parental leave .  about 11 % of u.s. workplaces provide paid leave for mothers or fathers .  studies show paid paternity leave is a gender equalizer that helps women in workforc .
 5 questions : what 's going on in iraq ? - cnnpolitics.com <sec> last year was the deadliest year in iraq since 2008 .  security void in iraq has allowed al qaeda-linked groups to strengthen .  al qaeda-linked groups are mounting attacks on both sides of iraq 's border with syri .
 after 143 days in space , astronauts set to return <sec> nasa : the trip back to earth should take less than three and a half hours .  one american and two russians will land just before midnight .  russian soyuz space modules have proven very reliable .  it is the standard transportation mode to the iss after a deadly space shuttle cras .
 awkward ! when news is bad , politicos change subject <sec> president obama 's call for a tax cut for middle class changed dialogue on economy .  obama and romney have had hits and misses when switching political messages .  political experts say offering substance over style always best when switching message .
 opinion : wild west web needs a sheriff <sec> court strikes down rule that isps ca n't favor some websites over others .  douglas rushkoff : corporations may have to pay for more bandwidth to stream videos .  he says fcc should be empowered to make rules to favor real people , nonprofits .  rushkoff : the idea of letting web be a lawless wild west does n't wor .
 robot exoskeleton lets girl lift her arms , reach for the stars <sec> hannah mohn was born with a disease that makes her muscles weak .  she uses an exoskeleton called a `` wrex '' -- robotic arms made from 3-d printing .  it allows her to raise her arms without assistanc .
 'ax men ' star 's daughter killed by dog <sec> `` ax men '' star jesse browning 's stepdaughter was attacked , killed by dog .  girl was 4 years old ; family 's rottweilers placed in quarantine .  `` ax men '' is about loggers in pacific northwes .
